
FRIENDLY FIRE

By Jeff Kohll


This is a work of fiction. I have visited America only in my imagination. I have no idea whether the CIA operates a privatised drone outfit, but it suited the story and meant I didn't have to bone up on the real thing. My ignorance is infinite, but I've tried to keep my few facts accurate. Characters are made up. Don't be so egotistical, my friends - it's not you they're based on!


Licence Notes and Legal Disclaimer:

Copyright Jeff Kohll, 2020

Thank you for downloading this book.
Please remember that it is the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. The author also reserves the right to make any changes he deems necessary to future versions of the publication.

If you enjoy reading it, please consider leaving a review, and encourage your friends to download their own copy!


For Myf.
  FRIENDLY FIRE


 1.

The war is lost, thought Charlie Culver. Most of the world's Muslims hate us. As a drone pilot I've seen some horrors. Last week there was this guy walking around near a Taliban hotspot with a rifle over his shoulder. I passed it up the line and got the OK within minutes. Standing orders say that armed personnel in a restricted zone are to be regarded as enemy combatants. I locked on and fired. He was literally blown to pieces. A bit of torso with one arm and a head attached cartwheeled through the dust. Among the debris thrown into the air was a lazily circling scythe… No-one came to his aid. The locals knew all about 'double tapping' of first responders. I circled above the scene until the army arrived and cordoned off the area. A small crowd had gathered at a safe distance and were silently yelling and shaking their fists. There was no sign of the rifle I knew I'd seen but someone would throw down a weapon to cover my ass (and, more importantly, the ass of my superior officer). An honest mistake. The resolution of the drone's camera is not all that it's cracked up to be and besides there was a lot of dust in the air. Another EKIA (Enemy Killed In Action) and a thousand more Taliban recruits created overnight. Another triumph for sigint. Surgical strike? Don't make me laugh. 
Dr. Pepper is keen on compartmentalisation and detachment. We mustn't allow ourselves to get too involved. It's necessary to do our duty. Let's face it, these guys wouldn't hesitate to kill us if they could. A surgeon who allowed himself to feel the patient's pain couldn't operate and yet without the operation the patient would die. Meanwhile half the operators are off their heads on something or other. Urine samples are starting to cost.
'Othering' helps. How can you empathise with a superstitious peasant speaking some sort of gobbledygook and dressed in flapping rags? And when you are reliably informed that someone is the essence of evil and a terrorist dedicated to the downfall of the United States it's that much easier.
Unless it turns out that your informant has just been settling personal scores or taking your money for total fabrications. Remember 'Curveball' and the war in Iraq? How many innocent people  wound up in Guantanamo for simply being in the wrong place at the wrong time? The trouble with hating Afghans is that hours of surveillance give a feel for the country, for the slow rural rhythms, for the way the people meet and talk and walk.
It's more difficult if the dead and wounded are from our own side. When some kid who might've trained alongside side you at Fort Worth is lying there bleeding to death while you're completely useless seven thousand miles away, that's hard. Of course, there are pluses - if I find an IED buried in the road, say, or spot signs of an ambush or an armaments dump.
Once I had to take out a shed near an IED in case someone was hiding in there with a remote control for when an army patrol passed. Three casualties. EKIAs. Anyone in the area was assumed to be an enemy combatant unless posthumously exonerated.
I used to think I was tough until the day I swatted a fly and suddenly burst into tears. One minute it was a filthy, disease-ridden nuisance and the next I felt I'd destroyed a miracle of creation. From its multifaceted eyes to the veined transparency of its wings it was a beautiful and unbelievably intricate little life and I had crushed it.
Marteen's been great but it's been hard on her too. I can't get it up these days. When she opens her legs I just see a huge wound. Got her a vibrator, but that really pissed her off.
There's talk of a totally automated drone that could zap evildoers without human intervention. Most of the targeting's already done by algorithms. Would people need to watch? Or want to watch? What if the computer decided that the world's number one terrorist was our own president? If terrorism is the demoralisation of people for a political end, then simply flying weaponised drones over a country must qualify. I've seen people scatter in panic when they hear my Predator approach. Even when they don't run you can sense the fear and hatred. The way they look up and then slink into shelter. How'd you like these babies flying above you 24/7 able to kill or maim you at the touch of a button? Sweet dreams.
Course we do very little actual killing but we see plenty. And when we do fire there's that six-second pause while the signal travels from Nevada to Afghanistan. A lot can happen in those few seconds. The target might pass behind a rock, a carful of wedding guests might speed round the corner, an old man could wobble by on a bicycle. I once killed three camels and their driver who'd unexpectedly popped up out of a gully.
The War on Terror. As endless and futile as the War on Drugs. More heroin than ever is flooding out of Afghanistan. I know some of the guys are using – they're the sane ones. Most of the rest are spaced out on prescription drugs but not me, not yet. Everyone drinks much too much. In the old days a bunch of us used to drive out into the desert and party hard till dawn. Gang-bangs in the back of SUVs were not unheard of. We'd light a big fire and crank up the sound. Chuck had a quadrophonic setup which could shake the fillings out of your teeth. Marteen and I used to walk out into the desert to look at the stars. That circle of cars around the fire looked quite touching in the vast blackness – the doof doof doof of the bass was a puny defiance in the face of the universe.
    God, I miss flying. The thrill of banking into a tight turn or shooting canyons or skimming mountaintops. Or that shove in the back that catapults you into the stratosphere. I've never seen combat. I was all set to ship out to Iraq when I pulled out of a steep dive and bumped my head. I thought the black veils in the corner of my eye were a migraine. By the time my detached retina had been welded back on, my sight was permanently impaired. My flying days were over.
Now I watch screens. I never saw action but at least I knew the excitement and fear of preparing to put your life on the line. And the group bonding – you could rely on your buddies to get your back. There you are in a little Coke can bristling with armaments at 600mph. All it takes is one rocket or a spray of machine-gun fire and you could be dead. Even a lucky rifle-shot or an unlucky goose could bring you down. Or friendly fire. 70% of US casualties in Iraq were due to friendly fire. I believed in the war. Saddam was the antichrist, the friend of terrorists, the brains behind 9/11. But even had I seen this as the crock of shit it turned out to be, I was a soldier. Ours not to question why… In fact the war was a pushover. Far from putting up a fierce resistance the enemy ran away. Even so lots of people died and are still dying. We destabilised the whole Middle East.
At least I was willing to kill or be killed. That is what being a man is. To sit in a box in the desert and kill someone on the other side of the world on your line-manager's sayso is not. Our targets are supposedly carefully chosen. We rely on informants and intercepts and translators. When I say 'we' I mean the CIA although strictly speaking our group is a hush-hush experiment in subcontracting some of the more problematic work out to the private sector. It's all about deniability in case something escapes the double censorship of National Security and Commercial Confidentiality. Oh, and the money.
The airforce taught me to fly and to handle drones then handed me over to Harpy Solutions. Obviously much cheaper to hire people trained at public expense. I'm part of an initial tranche, a pilot scheme as it were. Of course I have security clearance, but that means nothing. Turned out that our entire cohort of Cuban spies was loyal to Castro all along. No wonder none of our ninety-something assassination plots worked.
Trust no-one. That Indian guy, Ved, says he's a Hindu but maybe he's really a Muslim fanatic working on hacking into our software to destroy us with our own weapons.
These are the sort of fantasies I spin to keep awake because the truth is that 99% of surveillance work is unbelievably boring. Shut in a windowless box with three other guys' farts, staring at screens for hour after hour. We're not allowed to read but everyone does. Mostly trash. Thrillers, magazines. The aircon recycles the cold, stale air and there's a loose vane that rattles all the time. It's always a relief to get out into light, air, distant horizons. The desert has its own beauty. Dawn and dusk are the best times. Noonday heat is a killer. Not to mention those duststorms where you can't see or breathe.
We live in the rat-infested underbelly of glamorous Vegas. I've never been one for the bright lights and the idea of blowing a month's pay in one evening fails to thrill me. Besides, I've come to hate noise. Our apartment's always noisy. Marteen likes the TV and radio on, not to mention her laptop. Even the tsh tikka tsh tikka tsh escaping from the earbuds of her ipod grates. In any case there's a 24-hour gas station opposite, frequented by noisy kids with revving engines and squealing tyres. A neon sign flashes through the flimsy blinds. Even with the windows closed, the air stinks of exhausts and fast food. We're here because the bank took our house in the plush suburbs. OK, we were overextended and we'd lied a bit on our self-certified mortgage, but folks were falling over themselves to lend us money. The value of our house just kept rising, letting us borrow more and more. Then in 2008 the bubble burst. The bank took our house. I'll be paying them off till the day I die. The head of the mortgage company, having helped to crash the global economy, got a 6.3 million dollar bonus the next year.
I'm getting fat sitting down all day. All that coffee and doughnuts. Not to mention the downtime beer. All I want to do is sleep.

 2.

We used to be that smart, cool young couple, thought Marteen wistfully. Being married to a fighter pilot was so exciting. And Charlie looked real handsome in his uniform. There were quite a few envious looks at my college reunion. Jenny Jacobs looked like she wanted to drag him into the bushes, flashing her tits like that. Morals of an alley cat. I hear she's on her third husband. Most of my old classmates are on Facebook but I can't bear to look at it nowadays. What happened to all the great screenwriters and journalists we English majors were going to become? Instead of poets or novelists we turned into academics and teachers and middle-managers. Advertising copywriters. Baristas. I work in the local library, putting books on shelves. I'm training to be a librarian, but it's a shrinking field. Our demographic is aging. Kids think they can get everything online but they don't know how to look. Facts are not knowledge. Often they're not even facts. Search engines are targeted to reinforce your prejudices. If you like this you'll love the even grosser that. Huge whirlpools of ignorance spinning in lazy isolation…
Phone. Mute the TV. Zapper? Oh, there.
'Hello?'
'Hi Marteen. It's Bruce.'
Library business. 'Hi Bruce.' She affected a tone of tolerant weariness. 'What can I do for you?'
'I was wondering if you'd mind swapping shifts with Ada on Friday?'
'Shouldn't be a problem. Hang on, I'll just check.' She glanced at the wall-calendar. Friday was pure as the driven snow. 'Yup, that's fine.' She hoped Charlie didn't go bald like Bruce.
'Thanks, Marteen, you're an angel. It's just that Ada's got her dental appointment moved forward. She's got an impacted wisdom tooth, poor thing. It has to come out. It's a horrible procedure…'
'No, no, Bruce. TMI.' Marteen remembered her last extraction, the nurse holding her head as the dentist wrenched the broken roots from her jaw. That awful crunching, the bone-deep agony when the anaesthetic wore off. Her eye was drawn to a flashing ad for JayZee Furniture's sofa sale. She switched back to Bruce's concerned clucking over Ada's plight.
'I've said she can have a week off so there may be some extra hours if you want them.'
'Thanks, Bruce.' Sweet of the old boy. He knows we need the cash. Say what you like about gays, but they do think of others. 'I'm always up for more work.'
'Fine. I'll see you Friday, then.'
'See ya. Byee.'
Back to a half watched Columbo. He sure liked his toys. Here he was showing a chuckleheaded fascination with an answering machine. What would he make of a drone, with its night-vision cameras? Charlie had told her it was possible to see people fucking on their rooftops in the dark. He couldn't bear to watch but lots of his coworkers did. Particularly juicy items quickly found their way online. Spying. Her own interest in libraries had been kindled by their brave refusal to hand over their users' records in defiance of Dubya's Patriot Act. A futile gesture, it turned out. They'd been watching us all along. As Charlie says, if something can be done it will be done. Trouble is the unexpected consequences. Remember when those electric fly zappers came in? So much safer and more hygienic than all those nasty chemicals. Turned out that zapping flies just made them explode and spattered dead fly all over the kitchen.
I feel like chicken tonight, chicken tonight…
The letterplate clacked. Letters could wait. The lottery numbers were coming up. 5, 17, 29… Nary a one. Hopes to ashes again. Maybe she should change the numbers. But it seemed somehow fated that as she and Charlie not only shared the same birthday but had been born at exactly the same time too that such numbers must hold a certain magic. And worse, what if she changed them and the very next week the old numbers came up? Charlie liked the story of how Richard Feynman would burst excitedly into class and say he'd just seen the most amazing thing. A car with the licence plate ARW357. I mean, what were the chances that of all the millions of cars out there he'd seen that particular one at that particular time?
She looked at the letters on the mat. Pizza flyer and two final demands. They couldn't even afford to run the aircon most of the time. Just gone 10 and it was already unbearable.
Marteen opened the windows and let the hot wind through. Oh, to be skiing in the mountains above Lake Tahoe. A cold white world. The delicious slide and swoop. Freedom. Till that last time at the resort when suddenly none of our credit cards worked. All maxed out. Angela Wolsey was standing right there. I nearly died. Luckily Charlie's old colonel vouched for him. The next week the bank foreclosed and we lost the house. Bruce said that in ancient Greece all debts were forgiven every seven years. That'd be nice. As it is we'll probably end up on food stamps.
Times like this I'm glad we never had kids.
News. Drought. Worst in 500 years. Farmers selling off their stock, not even bothering to plant seeds. At least the drones kept flying. Charlie says civilian applications are the next big thing. I wish he'd get a job looking out for forest fires or search and rescue. Or even peeking through a seventh-floor window at a congressman fucking a goat.
Check emails I suppose. God, I'm lonely stuck in this shithole. Those whores on the corner are screaming at each other again. Whoopee! Sin City! People falling over themselves to get ripped off.
OK. TV off. Let the radio run on in the kitchen. Emails. One from Dulcie. Hey, Evie's had a baby. Girl. Jerry says she had a bad time. Bit prem. Elderly primigravida. Hell, she's younger than me! Reply. Evie Darling… Send.
    Dulcie forwarded a link from Inez she hoped her old friends would like.
    Click. Wait while the wheel turns. Ah, here we go.
   Website for the Prophets of Loss. Three guys. A pudgy Jew, a goodlooking Latino and a bearded Middle-Eastern type. The Latino spoke: Hi, folks. We're Jesus, Moses and Mohammed, also known as the Prophets of Loss to our many fans. We met up at UCLA and nominative determinism demanded we form a band. Our full names are Jesus (he pronounced it Hayzooth) de Santiago, that's me, Moses Weiler and Mohammed Jonah Aziz. We are all both atheists and computer programmers. Form an orderly queue, ladies. Code decryption is my bag which means I hack into mostly low-grade stuff for the CIA.  Patriotism. I could get at least double the pay in commercial intelligence. We collect everything all the time, as Edward Snowden has helpfully pointed out. The question is how to monetise it? How much of our spying is straightforward bugging of business meetings and patent theft? Just asking. Dewey said politics is the shadow cast on society by big business. My pals here are both in the private sector and are living high on the hog.'
'Yeah, right.' Mohammed spoke up. 'Call me Hami. The CIA didn't want me. Something to do with my name, perhaps. Mohammed. Sounds like some sort of a mooslim. Even worse, I'm an Iranian-American - one of the hyphenated folk. Who needs Farsi speakers, even if they were born and raised in Denver, Colorado? Is a despiser of religion likely to be a terrorist? This doesn't mean I don't feel the anger, pain and humiliation of Muslims everywhere at the hands of bigots and warmongers. It's a relief when atrocities are committed by rightwing white men for a change although even then mass shootings don't seem to count as terrorism. Being a Muslim makes you touchy. The letters MUS leap out of context at you. I feel like a shit if I say I'm not a Muslim and a fraud if I say I am. So I wear a beard and eat pork. If Al Qaeda planted a bomb in my neighbourhood I'd be quite likely to be lynched, or I might even be targeted by the boneheaded fundamentalists of my alleged religion.'
'Nu, boychick, now you know what we Jews feel like,' Moses broke in. 'As Joe Heller says: “If you ever forget you're a Jew, a Gentile will remind you.” That said, right now it's better to be a Jew than a Muslim even if you're strictly neither. Me, I'm not prejudiced. I'll shtup your sister anytime.'
'In your dreams, buddy. What say we gang up on Jesus?'
'Hey, hey. I'm a Latino Roman Catholic atheist. It's the WASPS we want.'
'I must remind you that some of my best customers are WASPS. Also Sprach Moses Weiler.'
'Mo, as his friends call him, is a statistical analyst for the casinos,' said Jesus. 'He works the odds to pick up patterns of peculation and the like. He also owns a block of shares in this legalised theft. He was the prime mover of our little band which is the raison d'etre of this preamble.
'Now, for your listening pleasure, we'd like to present our latest song. We call it: The Neocon Blues.'
Three geeks in huge sombreros and huger moustaches crowded onto a tiny stage and launched into a species of Mariachi blues thusly:

Well I tell you ladies, Bernie Madoff with my dough
And the banks said nada though you’d a thought they would know
As they bundled bad loans in the bubble of CDO
And the money gushed up to the rich from the poor down below.
Lemme tell you, Baby, I got them neocon blues…

Marteen smiled. Aside from the witty lyrics, these boys knew how to play. The catchy tune was buoyed up on some subtle harmonies and a blistering trumpet solo. The music ended and there was a plug for the CD as well as a list of upcoming gigs on the band's statewide tour. There was also a link to Hami's blog. She clicked on it. No, she didn't want a romantic weekend for two or life insurance or a new Toyota. So much for targeted advertising. Were advertisers getting their money's worth out of Google? The idea that the government could be monitoring all her searches and emails did have a chilling effect. Even typing in the word 'Mohammed' started a small worm of fear gnawing… Morons.
Round and round and round it goes, when it downloads no-one knows. Payday loans? Online roulette? Ah, at last.

 Another day, another death threat, Hami had written. Seems that if a Muslim blasphemes the Prophet he must die. That'll teach me to make jokes about putting the ham in Mohammed. For the record, it was a pun involving my own clumsy acting and my Christian name. Whoops. As for the prophet Mohammed (peace be upon him) I have no feelings one way or the other. As there is no such thing as Allah, what difference does it make what some seventh-century mystic said about him? In any case, didn't Mohammed himself say there should be no compulsion in religion?
Besides, I haven't lost my faith (another excuse to kill me)  – I never had any to begin with. My folks were lukewarm Muslims. The mosque was for occasional socialising and networking, although most of the congregation was working class while my father was a professor of geology and my mother ran what is nowadays called an artisan bakery. They hired an Imam to give me a grounding in the basics (we're nominally Iranian Shiites). He was a disapproving, grumpy and stupid old man who taught that unquestioning submission to the will of Allah was all. And Shiites are supposedly the more philosophical sect! My great grandfather was a Persian scholar in the second half of the nineteenth century who wanted to bring Islam to an accommodation with science. There was some movement until the 1920s when a conservative backlash crushed the progressives and doomed Muslims to ignorance and superstition. My religious education included memorising chunks of the Koran in Arabic, a language which I did not then and do not now speak. I can still spout screeds of gibberish in that sweet tongue which sounds like a fishbone stuck in the throat. No, that's unfair. It has its own strange music. But at no time did I consider the idea of an all-seeing god even a remote possibility.
I also had lessons in Farsi and soon my folks could no longer have secret conversations in front of us kids. Dad used to read to us from the English version of the Rubaiyat of Hafiz while explaining that wine was a symbol for religious joy. Yeh, right.

Enough. Marteen clicked on YouTube.

 3.

Back at Creech Air Base Dr. Ruth Pepper ran through some video footage of Charlie at work. His body language suggested unease. He squirmed in his seat, drummed his fingers, yawned, put his head in his hands. Dr. Pepper sighed, typed a note into her computer and brought up another patient's file. In the seat next to Charlie, Bobo Franks was a study in stolidity. He was, kinda illegally, flying a drone over a tribal region of Pakistan. There'd been talk of Al Qaeda activity in one of the villages. Bobo had been in on some of the initial surveillance of Osama bin Laden and he was proud of his small part in the murder of America's most evil foe. Between reading the magazine on his lap and chewing gum he kept up a laconic commentary for the boys out there on the ground. Why did the phrase 'stalled ox' pop into Dr. Pepper's head?
Across the world, Charlie's Predator drone circled over a convoy of GIs. He'd scanned the route  for what the boys called 'the eye of Sauron', that telltale ring in the asphalt where a tyre had been burnt to soften the tar so as to bury an IED. The road passed through a rocky gorge which would have been perfect for an ambush but seemed to be all clear. The trucks moved off. The drawdown continued. A sense of futility washed over Charlie. What had we accomplished in thirteen years? Al Qaeda was weakened but there was no shortage of terrorist groups to take its place. In fact there had been an explosion in explosions. If the best defence against terrorism is a contented population, then we'd provided the finest nurseries for extremism ever seen. Meanwhile, the wind had come up and the drone was bucking around in a patch of turbulence. A sudden dust-storm had enveloped the convoy and Charlie could see nothing. He turned on the thermal imaging and a string of glow-worms crept slowly along the ravine. There were some hot spots off to the right, probably animals, and a brighter spot some way off that might have been a kiln or an oven or a forge. The ammo truck was right in the middle of the convoy – it was the only one with unheated contents. It would only take a guy with night-sight binoculars and a bazooka to blow the whole company to bejesus. When mayhem was so easy why were attacks so infrequent? Perhaps, even among the fanatical, suicide bombers were in short supply. As for the techniques of terror, what could be easier than mowing down crowds with a truck? Kill many Kafirs. Become a martyr. But there was something spectacular about bombs. Charlie remembered footage of the family of a Palestinian who'd been 'martyred'. Yes, the parents were very proud of their son. Then the bomber's plump and pretty teenage sister suddenly burst into violent, gulping sobs and rushed from the room. One human note in the whole charade.
A voice spoke in Charlie's headpiece. How were things going?
'I can't see much to be honest, sir. Flying conditions are atrocious. Also, I'm worried about dust in the engine. We're talking twenty million dollars of aircraft here.'
'I appreciate that Charlie. Do the best you can. The storm's coming from behind you. Maybe you can outrun it.'
'Yessir. That's what I reckon too. And I'll try and climb above it.'
Up, up and away in my beautiful balloon… Less dusty but more gusty. At least there's more time to react up here.
Four and a half clammy-handed hours later the convoy had reached its destination and the drone was safely back at base. Charlie felt wrung out and there was that spacy feeling of an incipient migraine. He gulped down a couple of yellow pills and headed for home.

 4.

Dr. Pepper was worried about Charlie. He'd been seeing her about his growing anxiety. At his last session he'd talked about suicide.
'The thing about suicide,' he'd told her, 'is that people think of it as overwhelming despair when the balance of your mind's disturbed but to me it seems more like plain old common sense. It's like I may as well be dead, I'm doing no-one any good hanging around. I should kill myself, but I can't be bothered.'
'I don't think you're suicidal, Charlie. Sounds to me more like mild clinical depression. I remember one of my patients drawing up a list of reasons to die versus reasons to live which led him to the logical conclusion that he had to kill himself at once. Thing is, when he wasn't depressed,  his reasons to die seemed, on the contrary, reasons to live.'
'And did he kill himself?'
'No. He's now a happily married man with three little daughters. Of course, the Lithium helps. But I think we'll steer clear of drugs for the moment and focus on Cognitive Behaviour Therapy. The truth is you've got a lot going for you. You've got a beautiful and loving wife and a responsible job which is helping your country. It needs only a tiny shift of perspective to see it. I know it's been hard for you lately, but believe me, it will pass.'
'Well my medical plan is good for another five sessions so let's see how it goes. Thanks, Doc. See you next week.'
'I'll look forward to that. In the meantime try and take it easy. In the unlikely event of a crisis you have my number.'
Yeah, right. At five bucks a minute. Samaritans are free. Another scheme to hoover up cash? No. She seems to like me. To want to help. A stern but loving mother. Grey braids coiled round her head like an aging milkmaid. Big black framed glasses. Sad brown eyes.
On his way out Charlie saw a guy from his old unit in the waiting room. Jim was too intent on the toes of his boots to meet his eye. Mental illness still carried a huge stigma in the military. Or perhaps he'd simply heard that Charlie was a busted flush and feared his bad luck might rub off.
The radio in Charlie's old Jeep Cherokee was playing vintage rock 'n roll. Buddy Holly. That'll be the day. Died in a light-plane crash aged 22. February of 59.
'That'll be the da-ha-hay that I die.'
Charlie killed the radio and the CD player cut in at once lest there be a lacuna in one's enchantment. He switched off the lot. At least the aircon was working but that patch on the muffler had gone again and there was a new rumble which could mean a wheel bearing was on its way out.
Charlie's shift had started at six which meant a four-thirty start. Now, at 14:17 he was finally on his way home. The Jeep had been parked in the broiling sun and was only now cooling down. Charlie stopped steering with two fingers and tentatively grasped the rim. A nightmare had come to him last night. He was driving down a busy street but he'd forgotten he was blind. He couldn't stop, his foot flat on the gas. The car hurtled on, caroming from side to side, killing and maiming as it went. Charlie was jolted awake just as the alarm began its rising stridency. It seemed half a lifetime away. God, he was tired.
Marteen would want to go out somewhere, do something. Why were women so keen to be doing? He saw his car from above, like in that dream, driving down this strip of asphalt through the dry land. There were, he knew, training drones up there – unmanned, unseen, unheard. Notionally unarmed but their dummy bombs and missiles could be swapped for the real thing at any time. As a terrorist he'd be a sitting duck. A single Hellfire missile could, with a change of metaphor, cook his goose. And, right at the moment, the road was clear in both directions.
Three fighter-planes shot by, low on the horizon, the roar of shredded air rolling over like thunder.
Some 80% of Nevada was owned by the government. The military was a big employer but lots of folks were out of work. Vegas ran on sleaze. Crime was high, worst in the nation. We had, Marteen was fond of pointing out, the highest rate of women killed by men.
Prostitution was legal. Gambling was legal. Divorce was a formality. The right to bear arms was guaranteed by the Constitution. What could go wrong?
Charlie thought about money. He had a quick mind and was good at reckoning. He knew all too well that the odds were stacked against him but he could certainly see the appeal of the casinos. One big win and their troubles would be over. He could even see the masochistic lure of losing: the humiliation, the remorse. Dostoevsky knew all about that. Marteen had pressed The Gambler onto him. He hadn't understood it all but it was a powerful and disturbing read. But to bet the farm on red or black and lose would finish him. Marteen took a weekly lottery ticket despite Charlie's recital of the astronomical odds against her winning. She said that to live without hope, no matter how slight, was more than she could bear. She was a good kid. Charlie misted up. Perhaps they could afford enough gas for a trip up into the mountains to their own private spot where a spring gushed out of the rock into a freezing pool below. He could get in a little fly-fishing. It seemed years since he'd hauled that big cutthroat out of Pyramid Lake. The lake, they said, was shrinking and had been fished out. Course 'their' spring might have dried up in this drought, but it was still a lovely spot. Take a few beers, a coupla steaks. They could sleep in the back of the Jeep and wake up to a new morning in the mountains. He drove on towards a Vegas shimmying in the heat.

 5.

Jesus de Santiago crossed another password off his list. 'P.A.Sword'. So droll. Jesus had been given a dozen computers to hack as well as a list of 27 possible passwords. 'Password' was always worth trying as was the second most popular: 'Monkey'. Five of the computers came from a district in LA known for rich Latinos, Russian Oligarchs and a sprinkling of movie stars. Pity they couldn't simply ask Google for all those passwords they'd 'accidentally' captured while filming every street in the country. After all, Google Earth had started out as a CIA program. Now that passwords had become so complicated, they were impossible to remember and had to be written down, which made them pie for interested parties. It was comforting that the age-old skills of breaking and entering were still valued in this digital age.
Jesus's job was simply to provide access to the required information - the sifting and analysis was another department. Besides, wading through other people's emails was, as his English girlfriend said, a bit yucky. But he sometimes stumbled on a name he knew. There was that American army officer who'd gone to Colombia to join in the repression. Jesus had family in Colombia. His cousin had been a translator for 'Major Dexter' (as he'd been calling himself at that time) and had seen some terrible things in the War on Drugs. Still, he'd got a glowing set of references out of it and enough money to fund three years of college. He was now a professor of astrophysics at MIT.
Jesus dragged himself back to the screen. Hmph. There were a number of friendly emails between the good major and another name Jesus recognised - the head of a drug cartel who was supposedly in a Colombian jail. Major Dexter also had contacts with a Russian called Gudenoff about shipments of fish meal. There was an attachment of an article by an environmentalist inveighing against bottom-trawling which he claimed killed off the whole food chain above it.

The ocean has been desertified, he wrote, All that can live in these conditions are jellyfish which are now so proliferant as to pose a real problem to fish-farms and hydroelectric schemes through suffocation and blocking of vents. Sustainable fisheries and marine reserves are not only necessary but could prove extremely lucrative...

Jesus imagined a great grey Russian trawler hoovering all life off the sea-bed and grinding it into fish-meal to feed battery chickens.
There was a song in there somewhere. Sawing off the branch you're sitting on. Sawing off the branch, sawing off the branch. To the tune of Bringing in the Sheaves. Or how about the Vacuum-cleaner Stomp? Jesus shook his head at the shortsighted greed of the system and went back to work.
Plenty of crime here but it was difficult to see why the CIA was involved. Perhaps blackmail, or simply a slice of the action?
Googling Gudenoff found a man with extensive shipping interests. A photo showed the offloading of a line of gleaming limos onto the quayside in Odessa. The ship was flying a Colombian flag and Jesus would have bet his bottom dollar that those fat tyres were stuffed with cocaine.
Enough goofing off. Who knew if he was being monitored?
He slapped a sticker with the password onto the laptop and opened the next in the pile. Opening screen in Arabic. He saw an icon which meant that he'd get only three tries at the password before heavy-duty blocks kicked in. He'd come back to that one once he'd crossed some more passwords off his list.
Next, an iPad. 1324 got him in and only one file was protected. The third password worked. Business and porn in equal measure. Another notch on the cane. Ah, the world of work.
Stuck in an annex in an anonymous building Jesus cracked codes.

Jesus crack code and I don't care
Jesus crack code and I don't care
Jesus crack code and I don't care
Master's gone away...

Apart from the occasional query from a colleague or chats at the water-cooler, Jesus spent most of his time alone in his cubicle in a striplit little workshop breaking into computers. Binary, he sometimes thought, was the perfect numerical base for solipsists - nothing but ones and zeroes. Oh, well. Back to work. He looked again at the screen, intrigued. There was a whole nother level of encryption there. Four hours later he finally got in. A document comprising a sworn statement from a Russian FSB member that his organisation (the secret-service successor to the KGB) had deliberately bombed some Moscow apartments in order to blame it on Chechens. Public outrage was followed by a xenophobic war in Chechnya which did much to boost Putin's popularity.
'Already in 2001,' the official was quoted as saying, 'Alexander Litvinienko published these facts. People know it is true and yet they do nothing.'
Litvinienko. Wasn't he that guy poisoned with plutonium in London? Jesus remembered a deathbed interview in the hospital in which Litvinienko directly accused 'That bastard Putin' for his poisoning. 2006, was it? Putin had always struck Jesus as a particularly nasty person to meet in a dark alley. That dead-eyed fishy stare beloved of dictators everywhere. Not that our own hands were clean but this nasty public poisoning with a hard-to-get radioactive substance was a fuck you to the world. Or maybe they thought it wouldn't even have been suspected.
Jesus turned over the tablet to see whose it was. Mort Soper was written on the label. CIA agent. Jesus had once met the guy at a tech fair in Vienna. So we were spying on our own? Say it ain't so. The real question was why Mort had felt the need to hide the document so securely. Borderline OCD, at any rate far in advance of the usual slapdash security arrangements. The CIA was as leaky as an old garbage scow. He carried on reading. A Colonel Maxim Gudenov popped up. Could this be the Gudenoff of fish-meal fame? The spelling was different, but if the question was could an FSB official and a drug-dealing oligarch be one and the same the answer was you bet your sweet bippy. Jesus ran a search for Gudenov in Mort's files and thirty-nine references appeared. Thirty-nine. The Thirty-nine Steps. Aerial strafing in the cornfield. Three thirteens are thirty-nine, four thirteens are fifty-two. Jesus as a young nerd had taught himself the thirteen times table, going that extra mile when his classmates left off at twelve. It had proved immensely useless in later life.
Gudenov? Nah. Let someone else chase it up.
Time for a break.

 6.

Mo had a job. A confectionery company wanted him to design a box where the smallest number of chocolates occupied the largest amount of space. Mo had snared a sample of the chocolates to be scattered but they had mysteriously disappeared. Mo lived alone and often worked from home. How they'd vanished was a riddle wrapped in an enigma, buried in belly fat. A fresh consignment had been carefully measured and photographed before they too took the trail to oblivion. Most of the obvious tricks had been tried. Shapes didn't nest. Two thick chocolates, the rest fashionably slim. Big flat boxes as compared to cartons or drums and more than ample padding to shockproof the precious contents. The shock came when the box was finally opened.
Mo had once written a program for efficient packing. A few tweaks could subvert it. No chocolate could approach another by closer than 15mm say. Need the layout be symmetrical? If 2-D was good would 1-D be even better?  A long, flat baton with a single row of candies inside? Mo would give them all the options and let the committee choose a poor compromise. The box of chocs had to look expensive but be (relatively) cheap. Gold was always popular. Nothing screams class like gilded cardboard. It must be a respectable gift option, welcomed by in-laws and sailors' girlfriends alike. The chocolates weren't bad, actually, so the scant handful inside wasn't a total gyp. He could be paid in chocolate, perhaps? Given that Dad had died young of diabetes, perhaps not. Mo looked out onto his cactus garden where a Mexican in a serape and sombrero slept against an adobe wall. A dummy. Mo had rigged it up with a motion sensor and sound system. A stranger approaching this blazon of poor taste would be startled by a burst, from the Prophets of Loss, of their song Hey Meester, Sleep with my Seester. It had led to no end of lively conversations with folks who thought that irony meant a bit like iron.
Mo's house was up in the hills, perched on a cliff, with a distant view of Vegas, veiled by heat haze and dust. A grapefruit juice sang its sour siren song and Mo left his computer crunching numbers that would have taken a human many lifetimes. Nevertheless he bet that the end result wouldn't be a million miles from his initial sketch. Now, how about some coconut macaroons to temper the juice? Crisp sugary shell yielding to an inner goo. Mmm.
Over his midmorning snack Mo checked emails on his smartphone. Ah, one from Hami. As well as a list of band practices and upcoming concerts there was a personal message.

Hi Moishe, it ran, how about a song based on the months of the year? Janyouworry, Febyouweary, Martch, Aperule, May-be, Due-in, Jewlie, Whoreguts, Spentember, Hocktober, No-no-no-vember, Descendber? What do you mean I've got too much time on my hands? Or Dissembler? Sorry abt Jewlie but couldn't resist it.

Reply. Hi Hami you old Shiite. I like Jewlie. Stick with Descendber, I think. Trouble is, to get the puns you need to go slow. Could do it like a New Orleans funeral parade; slow and mournful on the way there and partying madly on the way back.
Schedule looks OK apart from next Wednesday. I'll get back to you. Toodle Pip. Mo.

Another macaroon down the hatch. A sluice of juice to quench the sugar's fierceness. Mo devoted the next thirty-seven minutes and thirteen seconds to some business emails then went back to his chocolate boxes. Chopin's funeral march, via Jelly Roll Morton, earwormed away. Music for the band was always needed. Audiences wanted new stuff as well as all the old favourites. The Prophets of Loss had a cult following among well-educated lefties and had been not unfavourably compared to Tom Lehrer and Flanders and Swann. They played strictly their own stuff. Mo was the group's composer, having majored in both music and mathematics. There was a lot of pastiche and public domain arrangements, but composing was composing. Tuesdays Mo played with a Baroque group and was having an affair with the oboist's wife who played her tenor recorder with a suggestiveness that made him swoon...
OK! Chocolate boxes. Hm. What about Ol' Man River? That was pretty dirgey. Jan you worry and Feb you weary. Yo ho heave ho...
The chocolate box design arrived at after millions of computations was indeed pretty close to Mo's initial guess. A large thin bar of dark chocolate sprawled over the middle ground while the rest of the selection tried, like comely maidens fleeing the pox, to put as much space between themselves and their neighbours as possible. As a model of wastefulness it was quite impressive. It made every fibre of Mo's soul bristle. He always claimed he could tell a mathematician by the way a person packed the trunk of a car. He copied the three least efficient designs and sent them off. No doubt the packaging department would be back with suggestions and amendments. They had, after all, their own salaries to justify. There would be weeks of ping-pong until it came down to the CEO's whim.
At least it kept the wolf from the door.
Mo found himself at the battered upright piano and plunked out a few chords. Ol' Man River with flatted fifths? A wailing klezmery intro with Jesus on soprano sax might work.

 7.

Marteen half watched the news. A marine biologist talked of a great slimebank formed of the dead and decomposing jellyfish which so poisoned the water that nothing could now live there. Overfishing, urgent action needed yadda yadda. Ad break. News brought to you by Flexo fish oil capsules. Marteen snorted cynically. Talk about cognitive dissonance! Charlie was due back in an hour, but it was too hot to cook. There was some three-bean salad in the fridge and frozen chili and pizza. The milk had gone sour but there was Cremora in the jar. Adverts nagged in the background and some kids were having a drag-race in the street with much revving of engines and burning of rubber.
The phone rang and Marteen was still talking to her sister when Charlie walked in. He looked pinched and tired but managed a haunted smile. Why was he back so early? Marteen braced herself. Had he been fired? Pity welled up in her heart.
'OK, Lola sweetie, Charlie's just gotten back. Catch ya later. Love to Norm. Byee.'
She turned to her mate. 'Hi, Lover.' Brave smile, but worried eyes. 'You look tired, Charlie. Do you want some lunch, or would you rather have a sleep?'
'Hiya Babycakes.' A perfunctory kiss. 'My drone needed some repairs so I got off early for once. I couldn't eat now - perhaps just a coffee and some cookies. Afterwards, I was thinking we could go up to our old picnic spot in the mountains - you know, Hog Wallow. Take a barbecue and a few beers. We could sleep in the Jeep.'
'Yeah.' The idea flowered in her mind. 'Yeah. I'd like that. I wonder if the stream's dried up?'
'Could be. But that old Indian guy told me his tribe had lived in the area for hundreds of years and it had never been known to fail.'
'Well they're calling it the worst drought in 500 years so we'll take lots of water just to be on the safe side. But wet or dry it's still beautiful.'
The mountain of the coffee machine hissed and gurgled and at last gave birth to the mouse of a small espresso. Charlie turned off the TV and sat at the rickety card-table.
'Thanks, Babe.' He took a bite of enseimada and a sip of coffee. Acid rose in his throat. Still, he'd need that jittery burst of caffeine to get going, given his abysmal tiredness. Thank God for coffee and sugar. He shut his eyes and rested his head in his hands, imagining the drive up into the hills, the spreading vistas, stands of pine, craggy cliffs, blazing sunsets. He'd get Marteen to drive, give his eyes a rest. He got up and stumbled into the bedroom where he lay naked on the bed, too wired to sleep, and listened to his lady bustling about. A hot wind blew through the open window, full of dust and exhaust fumes. Charlie stuck his fingers in his ears to drown out the street noises and shut his eyes. He awoke with a jolt an hour later to find everything ready for the trip. He swallowed his macho pride and asked Marteen if she'd like to drive. He remembered his boyhood scorn for old Doc Brannigan who'd been widely derided for letting his wife drive him everywhere. And no-one had interfered when Captain Gideon Dennis had drunkenly insisted on driving home despite the pleas of his soberer spouse. He'd crashed into a parked tank and been killed outright. Pearlie survived, paralysed from the neck down. Luckily an army doctor was on the scene and a quick official cover-up meant that 'Giddy' didn't lose his life insurance claim. A loss adjuster did some sniffing about but faced with any number of witnesses who swore the good captain had stuck to Diet Coke all evening and a negative blood test (which had been done at the base hospital) he'd had to accept the verdict of accidental death caused by mechanical failure. A stuck valve in the power-steering was blamed though the state of the crashed car made it hard to be certain. Esprit de corps triumphed again.
Marteen was a good driver so Charlie sat in the passenger seat and tried not to let the whuffling muffler or rumbling bearing get to him. Brad had a gear-puller, if need be. What if they broke down? Their AAA membership had lapsed. How could they pay for towing and repairs?
The miles slid by. Soon they began to climb. He kept an eye on the temperature gauge. So far so good. His chest expanded as the horizons widened and the shadows grew longer. They reached Hog Wallow just as the last light touched the peaks. The stream was down to a trickle but still going. Unfortunately, they were not alone. There was a campervan in the clearing and a man was assembling a framework of sticks and fabric. He looked up and waved as their headlights swept over him.
'I think I know that guy,' Marteen exclaimed as she drew up an unintrusive distance away from him. 'He comes into the library sometimes. He's an entomologist - always asking for these obscure books on insects. He once told me he was studying Mormon Crickets. I'd better go across and say hi. Come on, he's a bit of a nerd but he seems a nice guy.'
'No, you go. I just want to watch the last of the sunset.' And Charlie leaned against a Lodgepole Pine as darkness seeped up the valley filling him with a sense of peace. The western sky was still ablaze as the sun sank below the horizon. The knot in his chest dissolved and he took a deep breath of the rapidly-cooling air. Oh no! Marteen was bringing the guy over. The last thing he wanted was to be sociable. Oh, well.
'Charlie,' (he noted irritably that she was at her most emollient) 'this is Dr. Brokenshaw, Ben. He's been setting moth-traps. Isn't that cool?'
Charlie grinned. 'I wondered why you were making box-kites in the dark,' he confessed. 'Moth traps sound way more fun.' He stuck out a paw. 'Pleased to meet you Ben, I'm Charlie.'
Firm handshake.
'This is some special place, eh?'
'Sure is,' Ben heartily replied. 'I love it up here in the mountains. Luckily my job is my hobby.  I'm up here every chance I get.'
'Yes, Marteen mentioned that you're an entomologist.' Charlie nonchalantly threw out the long word - let Ben see he was dealing with an educated man. 'We're both big fans of nature but more enthusiastic amateurs than experts.'
'I could do with a bit more enthusiasm from some of my students,' said Ben. 'All some of them want is to get a degree and go and work for a pesticide company. Why study insects if you don't love them?'
'You're lucky your work is so rewarding,' said Charlie. 'I hate my job. I'm a drone pilot. Useta be a real pilot till I damaged my eye. Now I fly drones in Afghanistan from a windowless box in Fort Creech. I can't talk about it and I don't wanna. We've come up here to get away for a bit. What kind of bats are those flitting about?'
'Probably Little Browns. I'd have to see them up close to be sure.'
They watched the bats' erratic flight for a while.
'So lovely and silent,' Marteen rhapsodised, 'although I used to be able to hear their squeaks until a few years ago. I bet they cut into your moth numbers.'
'A nursing mother eats her own bodyweight in insects every night,' Ben informed them. 'They only have one pup at a time and they have to fatten it up fast. But I'm hoping we'll get a few moths of our own in the traps.'
Pup? Yup.
The flimsy contraptions, lit by a bulb from below, were already attracting a good scattering of bugs. 'I hope they don't disturb you,' Ben was apologetic. 'Marteen was saying you plan to camp overnight. I can move them if they're in your way.'
'No problemo.' Charlie
' Au contraire, quite pretty.' Marteen.
'We'll sleep in the Jeep,' said Charlie. 'It's not as fancy as your van but we can roll out a mattress in back.'
'It's surprisingly comfortable,' Marteen smilingly confirmed.
Light thickened. The three of them shared a sensitive silence as Venus appeared and other stars began to shine. Marteen snuggled into Charlie's side for warmth and to convey a wordless animality. He draped an arm over her shoulders and locked on.
The silence was relative. Planes slowly tore up the sky and the drumming of distant traffic resonated up the canyon. The Jeep gave the odd ‘pink’ as the engine cooled. The wind soughed in the pines and tousled the sagebrush.
Charlie took a deep breath and let it slowly out again. 'Hooee, that's better. Say, Ben, how about a beer? Marteen, where's the cooler?'
'I'll get it. Why don't you set up the barbecue’?
'Er, Charlie,' Ben shyly abrupted, 'I couldn't help seeing those trout flies on your hat. I take it you like fishing.'
'Sure do. People reckon fish are stupid but it takes some doing to fool a trout into thinking a bunch of feathers on a hook is lunch.'
'You can say that again. It's all in the way you dance it over the water. Do you like trout - I mean, to eat?'
'Indeedy doody. Marteen here makes a mean trout and almonds.'
'Excellent. Thing is, I caught three German Browns downstream this afternoon and I can't eat them all myself. I'd be really happy if you helped me out.'
The car door slammed. Marteen approached, bearing beer.
'Change of plan,' Charlie announced. 'Ben's offered us some trout.'
'We can cook it in comfort,' Ben offered. 'I've got a nifty little oven in the van. I've also set up an infrared camera on the trail. We might see anything from porcupines to cougars. If you want to, of course.'
Ben had the uneasy feeling that his eagerness to please might come across as a bit needy but Marteen fell in enthusiastically with the plan. She had potato salad and slaw and could easily pick some almonds out of a bag of mixed nuts! They would eat like kings. Even Charlie seemed keen.
Ben and Charlie scaled and gutted the fish while Marteen toasted almonds and ransacked Ben's cupboard and fridge for ingredients.
'We're expecting a cicada invasion any day now,' Ben told them.
'I thought it was every seventeen years,' Charlie objected. 'Didn't we have an infestation just a couple of years back?'
'Well, you're right and wrong. These particular little critters do swarm every seventeen years but other species swarm too. They come every five or thirteen or seventeen years - always a prime number.'
'Why's that?'
'It's very clever. It stops their predators picking up on a pattern too easily. A number that can't be broken down into smaller units is harder to grasp.'
'I've always dreamt of finding a way to predict primes,' Charlie confessed. 'All online security is based on prime numbers. If you could crack how they work you could hold the world to ransom. I see it as a series of overlapping grids rotating and once in a while a shaft of light shines through.' He gave a rueful laugh. 'I know it's nonsense. I mean I'm pretty quick with figures but I'm no mathematician. There's just this feeling that there's something blindingly obvious that no-one else has seen.'
'I leave all the number crunching to one of my colleagues,' Ben admitted. 'You need a heck of a lot of data before you can even begin to theorise. Swarming provides opportunities for research but it can be challenging. Too much too quickly.'
'We've always had swarms,' Charlie mused. 'Remember Pharaoh’s plague of locusts? I've seen a swarm of Mormon Crickets strip a field in twenty minutes. There was this ripple like the front of a wave as things fell over then the bugs were all over them and they were stripped bare. Every leaf, every blade of grass.'
'But why do they swarm at all?' Marteen naively enquired. 'Surely they must exhaust their food supply in no time and die of starvation. And who knows how long it takes the land to recover? It seems against their own interests somehow.'
'Good question,' Ben smiled wryly. 'There is, of course, a balance. Swarming is primarily an anti-predator activity. You know those documentaries about migrating herds of wildebeest?' Nods. 'Well, what happens when they come to a crocodile-infested river?'
'Shock,' said Marteen. 'The animals at the front of the line, who, a minute before had been stepping out proudly, the leaders of the pack, no breathers of the others' dust they, suddenly realise what's what. If the expression on their faces doesn't say uh-oh then I don't know my wildebeest. Course the pressure from behind shoves them into the river anyway.'
'Sure, but if you watch you'll see that each croc can only kill a few wildebeest a day, max. Many more escape. The thing is, the crocs have to survive between the gluts and that limits their numbers. It's true that Mormon Crickets - which are actually grasshoppers - can exhaust their food supply but by then they've laid millions of eggs. Also, periodically stripping the environment may have benefits we haven't considered.'
A mosquito's thin whine sounded. Ben got up to close the window and got another bottle of wine out of the fridge.
'We knew this farmer who raked up all the dead crickets and fed them to his cows.' Charlie turned to Marteen. 'Remember old Amos?'
Ben became comically animated. 'That was an excellent idea. Lots of protein. If we're going to solve global hunger people will have to eat a lot more insects. Sorry, I don't want to put you off this delicious trout, it's a bit of an obsession with me. So, Marteen. How're things in the library these days?'
'Not so great, to be honest. The feeling is that what with Kindles and tablets books are increasingly obsolete. It's true the computer section is the most popular and the feeling is who needs librarians when you've got search engines? Trouble is, I love books. I love their feel and their smell and their bindings. Their simplicity. You don't need batteries or chargers or Wi-Fi . All you need is a bookmark. They're well-mannered - they'll patiently tell you the same thing time and again without patronising you or trying to sell you junk on the side.'
'The thing I like most about books is that they're quiet,' said Charlie. 'I seem to be getting more and more sensitive to noise. Even the hum of fans on computers bugs me these days. That's why it's so cool up here in the mountains.' He smiled at Marteen and pressed her hand.
On cue, the little electric fridge kicked in. Everyone laughed.
'Oh, ah,' Ben squirmed. 'I was going to ask if you fancied watching some live footage on the night camera but I'd have to turn on my laptop. Of course, there's not much happening most of the time and I'm recording it anyway but it's nice to know that when something does pop up it's right there and right now.'
'Don't let me stop you,' said Charlie. 'If it gets too much I'm happy to go outside and take my chances with the bears and cougars. In fact, that's a good idea. I'll be back in a minute.'
And Charlie lurched to his feet and left. He found a suitable tree and had a long, strong piss. Marking his territory. Stars glistened wetly and half a moon brought dramatic light and shadow to the scene. His pain eased. He took a deep breath of the piny air. If a drone had been targeting the Jeep, now would be as good a time as any to zap it. But they'd know he wasn't in it. They'd target Ben's camper-van instead. Nonsense. The trouble with trying to think like a terrorist was that it could easily make you paranoid.
There was a flash of white and Charlie instinctively ducked as a barn owl swooped silently across the clearing. He laughed with relief and went back to the warm van scratching a mosquito bite.
Inside he found Ben and Marteen squashed up together on the little bench, eyes glued to the screen. Marteen uttered an excited squeak.
'Charlie, look at this little animal; he's so cute! What is it, Ben?'
'A weasel,' both men chorused, Charlie having snuck a peek at a greenish picture of a lithe hunter, whiskers bristling from his questing nose. Blazing green neon eyes. The limo-long body flowed over a root. A beautiful killing machine, just like that owl. Or a Reaper drone for that matter. The weasel looked sharply straight to camera then slid into a hole in some thorny scrub.
'I saw a barn owl cross the clearing,' Charlie contributed. 'This white face loomed up suddenly out of the dark. Nearly gave me a heart attack.'
'It's a bit high up here for barn owls.' Ben narrowed his eyes. 'Must be the drought's effect on their habitat. Did you know it's one of very few species to be found on all five continents?'
Fascinating. Buoyed up by their obvious interest, Ben became relaxed and expansive. More wine was drunk. A happy lull.
'So, Ben,' Charlie briefly locked eyes, 'do you guys have some sort of a code as to how to use videocams? I mean, what happens if, say, you accidentally catch people in embarrassing situations? What's to stop you putting it on YouTube? What I guess I'm getting at is: what do you think of our surveillance society?'
'Charlie,' said Marteen concernedly, 'don't upset yourself, hon.'
'No, it's OK. I'd genuinely like to know.'
'Well, to tell the truth, I haven't given the matter much thought,' Ben said apologetically. 'I'm kinda ambivalent. I live a pretty blameless life but I would hate the thought of being on display like a beetle on a pin. The question is whether all these eyes on people help stop terrorism and crime or just divert it elsewhere. And even if the effects are, on the whole, good, is it worth the loss of privacy? As to the question of capturing folks by accident - I don't think it's ever actually come up. I like to think I'd edit it out unless it was valuable in zoological terms. Ethology. Even then I'd keep it to myself.'
'Too late,' said Charlie bleakly. 'How much of your stuff is stored in the cloud, for instance? There's very little interested parties couldn't grab if they wanted to. As it is, all sorts of stuff is posted on YouTube. Have you seen that footage taken with a heat-sensing camera of an Asian peasant with diarrhoea?'
'I'm not familiar with it.'
'Nor me, but it's quite spectacular according to some of my colleagues. Point is, what if it wasn't some anonymous rice farmer but say Barbara Bush or the Queen of England shooting fireworks out of her butt?'
'It's all about human dignity.' Marteen ran with it. 'Not to mention that once all this intrusion's in place it puts all the power in the hands of a police state. You say, Ben, you live a pretty blameless life but what if they passed a law making believing in evolution a crime?'
Ben smiled. 'Or even not believing in it. No. There must be spaces where people can freely air their opinions, no matter how crazy. When you have to watch every word you get out of the habit of asking questions even to yourself. That's the end of science.'
'And of the arts too,' Marteen reminded them, 'and no-one seems to care. On a brighter note, there's an apple pie in the oven and I've got a tin of that squirty cream.'
Life went on.

 8.

The party broke up early as Ben had promised to wake them at dawn to examine the contents of his moth traps. Each specimen would be measured and photographed before being released unharmed.
The Culvers went back to the Jeep and rolled out the mattress. Charlie begged off sex but Marteen silenced him with a fervent kiss while he squeezed the air out of her in response. Damn, he was getting tearful. They gently unclasped and wriggled into their sleeping-bags. Charlie was soon snoring while Marteen masturbated idly, thinking of Charlie although images of Ben kept creeping in. He was shorter than Charlie but sunburnt and wiry, with boyish good looks. His brown hair looked as if he cut it himself...A little spasm at last, then sleep.
There was frost on the windows when Ben rapped on the roof of the Jeep, bearing coffee and cookies. Fifteen minutes found them blearily ready.
The air was deliciously cool and Ben had trapped a good haul of moths, some rare and most beautiful.
Marteen was enraptured and Charlie intrigued. What trout-flies some of these insects would make. It was funny that realistic flies would often fail to fool a fish while it would pounce on a scrap of feathery kitsch. So like us. The rising sun wolfed down the shadows and lit up the forest. June 26, 2013. The Apache cicadas yawned and stretched. The next second, a deafening chirring like a million falsetto rattlesnakes rang out. Charlie, with a stricken expression, dashed for the Jeep, hands over his ears and threw himself into the passenger seat. Ben, thrilled, ran off to get his ear-defenders and recording equipment while Marteen shouted a goodbye, dived into the Jeep and got going. The noise had freaked Charlie out and he sat quivering with his fingers in his ears until they were eventually clear. They stopped in the desert and he gradually calmed down. It would soon be too hot to hang around but despite the trip's brutal curtailment it had been worthwhile. Ben seemed a really nice guy. He and Charlie had agreed to go fishing soon and the few hours of peace had done him good. Another month of sleep would be nice. They had a leisurely breakfast and headed for home. Charlie would get another heatproof bandage for the muffler, but knew it would only delay the inevitable.

 9.

Back home he fell into bed while Marteen fired up her laptop. There was already an email from Ben including a clip of the night's footage showing a wild pig with four piglets trotting along the trail. There was a short note: Hi folks, Sorry you were driven out of paradise. Even I couldn't take more than a couple of hours of cicadas. I measured 130 decibels, which is equivalent to the noise in a boiler factory. We must get together sometime. I'll be in Vegas week after next but I'll firm up the dates later. See ya, Ben.
Marteen's keyboard rattled. Thanks f. clip. Piglets too adorable. Love get together. Do Charlie good to go fishing again. Never knew moths cd. be so fascinating. Keep in touch, Marteen and Charlie.
Send.
Noise came through the open window. From the bedroom Charlie whimpered in his sleep. Marteen wondered whether to crawl into bed and cuddle him but it was too hot. She peeled her bare legs off the leatherette bench and poured another lime and soda on the rocks. She held back her long hair from her neck and toyed again with the idea of cutting it all off but decided her face was the wrong shape. Ben had mentioned a 'colleague', a Doctor Amy Cruickshank, but had said nothing about her age or sexual proclivities. She could see that Ben's earnestness could be hard to take. The way he'd expatiated on that beautiful white satin moth, for instance. Imported from Europe in the 1920s, it had the potential to become a major pest. Globalisation was wreaking havoc with the environment, he continued, and as for humans, the arrival of a global pandemic was less a case of if than when.
Ping. An email from The Prophets of Loss with a new video clip. She clicked on it.
Mohammed Jonah Aziz was being monitored by the CIA and any activity on his blog or the POL website was copied, without prejudice, to his file. Not only did the security services keep a sharp eye on satire, but one of Hami's many Muslim enemies had anonymously denounced the blasphemous atheist as a funder of terrorists. No evidence so far but that wouldn't stop them pawing through his digital undies.
The clip showed the trio in Mexicano overplus with sombreros and rhinestones and gold braid and tassels and bandoliers. They strummed and tootled in a lively but melancholy way until Jesus picked up his trumpet and launched into Louis Armstrong's blistering fanfare from West End Blues. As the last note rang out the three amigos spun on their heels to reveal that the costumes were mere shells - from the back the boys were completely naked. Marteen let out a delighted guffaw then, remembering Charlie, clapped a hand over her mouth. Jesus was the looker, Mo was distinctly pudgy and Hami had the hairiest back. Bruce, the library's resident gay, would have loved it. Right up his alley, she snidely thought. The screen faded to black then flared up in lurid hellfire. Hey, there was a gig on campus in a fortnight. She'd like to go if it fitted in with Charlie's shifts. And if they could afford it.
In the next room, dreaming, Charlie groaned. He saw a broken arm, splintered bone breaking through the skin. Heads rolled like bowling-balls. He was in the bazaar, hiding in bales of cloth. The musty smell of dried spunk. A black vortex appeared in the floor and began to drag him inexorably towards it.
The sweat which had soaked his pillow was suddenly cold. Charlie woke feeling grumpy and querulous. Could he still hear the cicadas or was it the onset of tinnitus? He gulped down the glass of lukewarm water by the bed. Mild clinical depression, Dr. Pepper had diagnosed. Was that what feeling like a piece of dogshit was called? Marteen had gone into tranquillisers on the internet and had found that in non-severe cases they performed, despite the hype and expense, no better than placebos. Still, might be worth a try. She had once taken a short course of Valium herself and had been scared by the seductive pleasure of the experience. It was when they had just lost the house and Charlie was consumed with anger and shame. It was amazing how, by taking a couple of pills, things previously bristly and awkward were suddenly smoothly amenable. She slept like a baby and woke up glad to be alive. Weird. It was like being in an iridescent bubble, unbesmirched by the many humiliations and stresses of life. The trouble was that the numbing of anxiety also meant the numbing of emotion and Marteen was a bit of a drama queen. Life with Charlie hadn't been dull till now - though penury and Charlie's agonising were beginning to wear thin. Damn those cicadas! First time in 17 years and they'd ruined their weekend. 2013 minus 17. She figured on her fingers. 1996. Hey, they'd both been seventeen in1996. They'd be in lockstep with those cicadas till they died. She could bet on 17 in online roulette right now, but common sense prevailed. Instead, she Googled news 1996 and looked at the headlines for that year. They'd finally caught the Unabomber after the most expensive FBI investigation ever. Oh yeah, the Unabomber. A vague memory of much establishment gloating stirred. See what Wikipedia had to say. Ted Kaczynski; child prodigy; brilliant mathematician; Harvard professor. Felt that technology would destroy the human race. Sort of cracked eco-warrior. At least he targeted specific individuals unlike today's random killers. The pressure-cooker bombs at the Boston Marathon, say, or the cluster-bombs deployed by our own dear army. Cute little bomblets that blew the legs off of playing children. Maybe a pandemic wasn't such a bad idea. Let evolution have another go. See how the rich, sheltered in their Swiss sanatoriums, turned on each other as the food and medicines ran out.
In a corner of the screen a roulette wheel sparkled and spun.

 10.

The cicadas kept going. Ben had borrowed a pair of noise-cancelling earphones which effectively drowned out the shrilling but rendered him almost deaf. Resonant surfaces buzzed under his fingers. He'd been nearly run down twice by unsuspected SUVs and had smashed a wineglass by misjudging the force with which he put it down. For the first time in his life he couldn't hear the warning sound of rattlesnakes and with every step he expected a bite. From being calm and confident in the wild Ben became jumpy and tense but at the same time strangely numb. On the other hand, the urge to study these fascinating creatures was irresistible. Cicadas don't stridulate like crickets but click a pair of ribbed membranes like rapidly popping the safety button on the lid of a jar of pickles. The sound is amplified by body cavities. The male cicada (the troubador) disconnects his own ears so as not to damage them. Ben ate a cicada by accident. He hadn't heard the tiny plop as it fell into his muesli. Funnily enough he'd been reading an article on ancient Greek ideas about cicadas on his laptop at the time. They ate them as a delicacy. Oh well, if they were good enough for the ancient Greeks...
Cicadas were difficult to study as they spent most of their lives underground, sucking sap from the roots of trees. No doubt underground miniature cameras would be spying on them before too long. Technology was fine in its way but there was no substitute for hands-on experience. Until you'd been sprayed by a skunk your knowledge of the deterrent effect was purely hypothetical. Likewise the strength of a strand of spiderweb or the sight of a dragonfly hatching right in front of you.
Ben had thought about Charlie's views on surveillance. Back in high school some of the guys had fixed up a video camera in the girls' changeroom. Ben had been outraged. No-one is as priggish as the young. He insisted he would snitch if the camera wasn't instantly removed and the tape destroyed. Somehow, though, a copy had already been made and although steam soon fogged the lens, there were enough glimpses of female anatomy to prompt many a happy wank. Ben was honest enough to admit to himself that although civil liberties had played a large part in his protest, jealousy had also figured. He hadn't wanted any of the other guys to see Glenda Sinclair naked, a treat he'd promised himself when (if ever) she fell in love with him. At present she was dating that meathead from the football team. In the event she never came into shot but Ben, excited despite his objections, had to surreptitiously watch the whole thing to be sure. The flash of Carmela's ace of spades stuck in the memory. It was much pornier with someone you knew. You could look at sweet, pious Carmela and see, under her jeans, that black nest between her legs. Not to mention the soaping of the breasts which made strong men weak. Ben, fifteen years later, still occasionally pleasured himself with the memory.  Amy, his current girlfriend (as he hadn't mentioned to Marteen) was off to Zambia for a year to study mosquitoes. He would miss her although they hadn't had much time together lately. Sex was OK but Amy had a way of talking about her sexual needs that was a little chilling. She had no time for naughtiness or innuendo and insisted on condoms even when giving him head. Marteen, he sensed, was a far wilder type, best left in the realms of fantasy. He was due to fly out to Africa himself in a couple of months and by then he'd be keen to see Amy again. There was something scorched about Amy, as if she'd been struck by lightning. Her frizzy blonde hair was dry and crackly and she sometimes smelt like burned-out fireworks. It was a theoretically open relationship but neither had, in fact, strayed.
Meanwhile there was at least the hope of fucking Marteen. She and Charlie seemed to be going through a bad patch. Pity. He liked Charlie and they shared a love of nature, but he was obviously a bitterly conflicted guy. They'd definitely go fishing sometime.
Meanwhile there were moths to classify and he was determined to present a dish of cicadas at the next departmental meeting. The problem was that there were many references to roasted, fried or boiled cicadas but a paucity of actual recipes. Those Mexican tacos stuffed with grasshoppers, worms and ants would be a hard sell. He wanted to enhance rather than conceal the flavour. Something that had spent 17 years sucking on sap had to be really special. The taste has been compared to asparagus. Maybe a hollandaise? Female nymphs were the best, but failing that females full of eggs. Males were the proverbial empty vessels that made the most noise. Their resonance chambers took up so much space that the ancients thought they lived on air.

 11.

Weeks passed. The Culvers hadn't been able to meet up with Ben but Marteen had sent him a link to the Prophets of Loss and he'd been moderately intrigued. They also missed the concert but Marteen kept up with the POL's exploits online. Ada was still in pain from her dental work so Marteen got in a few extra shifts and an old expenses claim by Charlie was finally approved, which paid for a new exhaust system on the Jeep. He'd also jacked it up and found the wheel bearings were OK after all.
The cicadas stopped at last and the Culvers were able to return to Hog Wallow alone. This time the peace and quiet worked their magic and on the second morning Charlie woke up with a boner and managed to perform adequately. All his love for Marteen came rushing back and he actually shed a few happy tears. Even work had been less stressful of late. Islamic militancy seemed to have switched its focus to the Middle East and Africa following the rush to recruitment after the Iraq War. Charlie spent most of his time on surveillance of remote passes and the pointless mapping of poppy fields.
It turned out that Ben would be in Vegas at the same time as the latest POL concert. Did they want to go? He'd drive.
Thanks, love to.
Marteen had bought a couple of POL CDs for the library and Charlie, after an initial resistance had got into their breezy irreverence. There was a song about surveillance called Feds under the Bed which really spoke to him. He'd lately started feeling uneasy about photos in newspapers and magazines. The faces seemed to be looking directly at him, sometimes with disgust and sometimes with a desperate yearning to engage. He went around the apartment turning magazines face down, fully aware of his own absurdity.
At the concert, Feds under the Bed was the third song up. It was sung to the tune of Roamin' in the Gloamin':

Snowden's got the lowdown
On our Stasi snoops and spies
Hoedown turns to slowdown
As we're watched by prying eyes
We're all fucked and that's a fact
By the good ol' Patriot Act
The gauntlet we must throw down for a showdown...

Uh huh. That would change things. The audience was mostly made up of students, with a few of the more daring faculty members and a smattering of outsiders. Mostly White. The mood was a fizzy mix of laughter and outrage. Not a few people were videoing the whole thing. CDs were for sale in the foyer but there were few takers.
After the interval the Prophets of Loss reappeared. Their ridiculous Mexican costumes had gone. Hami wore Arab garb - a checked Palestinian keffiyeh and a voluminous dish-dash, Mo wore Israeli military uniform with added tallis and yarmulkeh while Jesus was got up as Uncle Sam with striped trousers, clawhammer coat and topper. Round his neck was a clerical dog-collar and a huge pectoral cross lay on his chest. A rosary of balls and chains hung from his belt.
Hoots, whistles and some catcalls from the audience.
'Thank you, thank you.' Jesus held up his cross as if to ward off vampires. 'Well, folks, this year is the tenth anniversary of our glorious liberation of Iraq which has ushered in, it's fair to say, an era of peace, tolerance and plenty to that happy land.'
'You lie,' Hami shouted. 'You fuckwits destabilised the whole Middle East. Everything you told us was a lie. There were no WMDs. Far from supporting terrorists, Saddam and Al Qaeda loathed each other. The only threat he remotely posed was to Israel, our ally. And as long as Israel keeps persecuting the Palestinians...'
He broke off as Jesus began hitting him over the head with his (balsawood) cross. Hami fell over and Jesus raised two fingers in benediction and then pointed them like a gun at Hami's head. Mo unslung his Uzi. Hami leapt to his feet. There was a deafening burst of gunfire and Hami was flung back to lie spreadeagled against the wall, pocked with fake blood.
There was a shocked silence, then the audience erupted. There were shouts of acclamation as well as some booing and cries of: 'Shame!'
At the sound of gunfire Charlie curled into a ball with his arms over his head. He was shaking uncontrollably and keening in a high-pitched monotone. It took a moment, amid the clamour, to realise that something had gone wrong. Marteen moved to hold him and a spastic jerk of his arm caught her across the cheek.
Jesus stepped to the front of the stage. 'Hold it, folks!' The babble died down. 'We seem to have a problem. Is the gentleman OK,' he solicitously asked Marteen, 'or should we get a doctor?'
'No, there's no need for that, thanks. Sorry about the disruption.'
Charlie's wailing had stopped, to be succeeded by racking sobs. He offered no resistance as Ben and Marteen closed in on him, got him to his feet and gently led him away.
At a corner table in the bar he calmed down and passively sipped his whisky. For a while, he ignored his companions but the mourning look in his eyes remained.
'Look Ben, there's no need to hang around,' Marteen urged. 'He'll be fine. You go back and enjoy the rest of the concert.' She rested her head on her hand, covering the cheek Charlie had hit.
'No thanks. I'd rather stay, if I won't be in the way. Has Charlie ever gone off like this before?'
'Not to the same extent. But he's under a lot of pressure, aren't you, Honeybun?' She squeezed her husband's hand which lay like a dead thing on the table. What a drag. He was really enjoying himself up till then. It was just the sudden noise, I expect. He's been super-sensitive to noise, lately.'
'Yes, I know,' Ben condoled. 'We must go fishing soon. A friend of mine's got a cabin in the woods. It's only an hour's drive from Vegas but it's another world. There's great fishing and there are ponds and waterfalls and rapids. And no cicadas, I promise.' Ben smiled shyly, thinking of Marteen's ass in those tight satin toreador pants.
Charlie sat stony-faced with tears running down his cheeks. One hit the red formica tabletop with a soft splat. From inside the hall came a roar of applause leavened with some hearty boos. Charlie winced, blinked and sniffed. After what seemed like hours, the hand Marteen was holding turned over and clasped her own. Charlie came to himself. It was as if a diver was returning from the deep. Marteen drew him close and kissed him.
'Oh, Charlie! Thank God you're OK,' she babbled. 'You scared me Sweetie.' Her direct blue eyes filled with tears.
Charlie spoke: 'I'm alright now. I'm sorry I ruined your evening - and yours too, Ben.'
Pish, tush, pshaw etc.
'Listen, Charlie, I was just telling Marteen about this great fishing spot I know.'
'I was listening. It sounds terrific but I'd like to get out of here before the audience comes out.'
There was a live feed of the concert on the screen above the bar but he sound was right down.  Still, it was evident that the set was winding up. The POL were back in their Mariachi costumes and   the music was reaching a frenzied climax. The end. Applause thundered as the trio doffed their sombreros and bowed again and again like automatons.
'Let's go.' Ben stood up decisively. 'If you're hungry I know a quiet little Italian place round the corner. It's cheap but good. Pasta. A nice bottle of Chianti.'
'Sure, why not?' Charlie knocked back the rest of his whisky. The three of them made their way to the exit just as the hall doors opened.
Ten minutes later they were in Romano's in a booth crawling with plastic grapevines. Red and white checked tablecloth. Candle in a straw-clad bottle.
'Hey, too much,' Marteen enthused. 'We had a place just like this back home. Where does postmodern ironic shade into kitsch?'
'I think it just hasn't changed in the last fifty years,' murmured Ben as the elderly waiter approached. 'Amy and I often come here when we're in town. She's in Zambia at the moment studying malaria vectors, which is less fun than it sounds.'
Charlie cracked a smile at that. Ben was a bit of a geek, but a nice guy.
'I can recommend the osso buco,' Ben played host, 'but the pasta and pizzas are pretty good. What'll you two have? I might go for the crab risotto, myself. And a bottle of the house red.'
'Osso buco sounds good,' said Charlie. 'We had an Italian family next door when I was a kid and the old Nonna used to make it every Sunday. Frankie, my best friend, used to smuggle me out a bit from time to time. What do you want, Marteen?'
'I don't know. It all looks so inviting. What's in the carbonara?' she asked the waiter.
'Eggs, bacon, cream and cheese,' intoned Ettore, their waiter for tonight.
'Get thee from me Satan.' Marteen licked her lips. 'OK, but could I have a child's portion? And a big green salad on the side.'
'Certainly, madam. So that's one crab risotto, one osso buco, one child's portion of carbonaro and a salad. And a bottle of house red. Would you like something to drink while you wait for the food?'
'Just some tap water, please,' said Ben in the face of the others' headshakes.
As Ben had promised, Romano's was quiet. Ettore had turned down the music at their request. Most of the tables were occupied by couples but there was a lively family group in one corner.
The food was good and the mood was mellow. Charlie was able to talk dispassionately about his seizure. The image of the cowed Palestinian cut down by Israeli bullets was horribly intense and the noise of the gunfire had pushed him over the edge. Sorry he'd ruined the evening, but he'd really enjoyed the first half...
Marteen nudged him and glanced meaningfully at the door. The Prophets of Loss, in civvies, had just come in. The place had filled up. They'd have to wait for a table. Charlie looked up and then quickly away. Too late. Jesus had spotted him and at once made his way over to them with Mo and Hami in his wake. His face showed kindly concern as he approached.
'Hey, buddy, are you OK?' Jesus rested a hand on his shoulder.  'I'm really sorry if our little act upset you. We aim to delight, provoke and shock, in that order, but I guess the shock went too far.'
'No, honestly, it was nothing to do with you,' said Charlie reassuringly. 'I love your stuff. My fault entirely. I hope it didn't ruin your concert.'
'Au contraire,' Mo spoke up. 'Our enemies probably think we paid you to freak out as a publicity stunt. Moses Weiler.' He stuck out a paw. 'Call me Mo.'
'Charlie Culver,' our hero responded. 'My wife Marteen and our friend Ben.'
Pleastameetchas hissed and rustled. No-one remarked on Marteen's flaming cheek.
Hami eyed Ben. 'I know you,' he remarked. 'Weren't you at Paterson High in Denver?'
'Sure was. Class of 94.'
'I was a couple of years behind you.'
'Yeah, I remember.' Ben smiled as a fiendish oriental in crimson and gold superimposed itself on Hami. 'You were the Lord High Executioner in the school production of the Mikado. You were pretty good.'
'Thanks. And you were the one who got them to pull that video of the girls' changing room. There was a lot of ill feeling about that. I was pretty pissed myself. But I grudgingly admired your moral rectitude.'
'The real reason was this girl I fancied. I didn't want the other guys leching over her. As it happened, she wasn't even in it. Some African tribes actually encourage the boys to spy on the women washing in the river and masturbate. Perhaps a healthier approach.'
Ben snuck a sideways look at Marteen to see how she reacted to smut. She gave him a pitying smile. She'd hung out with soldiers. Nothing much shocked her. Sweet that Ben thought it might.
'Why don't you sit down', she suggested as the trio hovered. 'There's plenty of room.'
'Well, thank you kindly.' Jesus settled on the banquette next to Charlie, unselfconsciously flung an arm over his shoulder and gave him a friendly squeeze. He freed himself to consult the menu.
'Something to drink?' Ben remembered his manners.
'Good idea. Have one on us,' Mo offered.
They settled down with Hami next to Ben and Mo as an outrider.
Ettore sidled up and orders were taken.
'I've read your blog,' Marteen told Hami. 'Very interesting. Is it read in Iran?'
'I've had a few dozen hits but how many of those are secret police and religious crazies I don't know. But a thousand readers would make me happy. I get some positive feedback. The kids all hate the Ayatollahs. On the other hand, since the Arab Spring has brought back the military in Egypt, we should be careful what we wish for.'
Wine.
'I thought you guys would be into Tequila,' smiled Ben
'How dare you stereotype us simple Mexican peons?' demanded Mo. 'Tequila's filthy stuff. I'm partial to a drop of claret myself but I must say this Chianti's not bad.'
'I really liked that song about Edward Snowden,' Charlie blurted earnestly, to no-one in particular. 'It got to me because surveillance is part of my job.'
'Charlie's a drone pilot,' Marteen hastily explained, 'He's not spying on us at this moment. Although I would say that, wouldn't I?'
'No, that's another department.' Charlie smiled a thin smile. 'But any one of us could be bugged - our phones could be infected with malware which keeps them on even when you think they're turned off. CCTV's ubiquitous. Every email, every phonecall is logged. You guys are all computer experts, you know this better than me.'
La Cucuracha, La Cucuracha...
Jesus dug his cellphone out of a pocket. 'Scuse me guys, I won't be a minute. Hiya Tracey... Yeah, pretty good... Have you finished at your photography club?... Look, Chook we're at Romano's. Come and join us here... Cool, love you.' Off. 'Tracey,' he told his companions. 'She'll be here in five. So, Charlie, you were saying?'
'Well, take that last call, for instance. Even if they weren't listening in on the content, they know which phones were used; where they were; exactly how long you spoke and at what time. We use phones to target terrorists and anyone unlucky enough to be in the vicinity. Don't mind me. I'm just a bit paranoid.'
'Starch and shirt, I mean church and state,' Hami smirked. 'Do this paranoia?'
'What annoys me is your wretched puns,' Mo groaned. 'Mind you, "starch and shirt" I quite like.'
He struck up with Mozart's Man und Weib bit from the Magic Flute. 'Starch and shirt and shirt and starch,' he sang, 'Sta-arch and shirt and shi-irt and starch.'
Jesus ran with it. 'Crutch and splint,' he falsettoed, 'and splint and crutch...'
'Surely it should be sturch and chate,' Mo interrupted. 'If we're talking Spoonerisms. Hey, has anyone ever noticed if you drink enough wine it makes you drunk?'
'So I've heard,' said Ben politely. 'Sadly, I'm driving but the rest of you feel free. Ettore! Another bottle, please.'
'This one's on us,' Hami insisted. 'Although I'm our group's designated driver and Keeper of the Purse of the Prophets of Loss. So Ben and I will sit here sipping our sarsparilla like a couple of old maid aunts while the rest of you kill off your few remaining brain cells.'
He winked at Marteen.
She smiled. She was having a swell time. It was a treat to be with intelligent people again. People for whom, as Mo had once quipped, the word 'badinage' was not a misspelled surgical dressing. Marteen remembered those old squadron parties and the almost physical feeling of having to stoop to climb into a shallower brainpan. And fliers were an educated elite though even the best of them parroted propaganda and looked forward to some 'real action.' Charlie too, of course. She had to admit that boneheaded as such attitudes were, there was something sexy about danger. She'd sometimes felt jealous of the easy camaraderie and brusque affection of the boys and of the way Charlie came alive in their company in a way he never did with her.
So Amy was in Zambia, was she? She looked around the table. Charlie was in fervent conclave with Jesus about the uses and abuses of drones while Hami and Ben were catching up on life after school. She spoke across them to Mo.
'I gather you're the composer of the group. I've always thought there's something almost magical in being able to translate the music in your head into notes on the page. And then someone can read these dead dots and bring them to life again.'
'Why, thank you kindly, Marteen.' Mo ducked his curly head. 'Although most of it's hack work to be honest. Ravel said that music is about 75% intellectual and he's right. Of course, I'm no Ravel. There's a lot of pastiche involved and wordsetting and arranging as well as actual composing. Not to mention playing the stuff. Five jobs named Mo. Enough about me. What do you do?'
'I'm a librarian, part of a dying breed.' Marteen stood on the burning deck. 'That's where I bumped into Ben. He was looking for an elusive book about Mormon crickets. He's an entomologist, you know. Charlie and I ran into him again up in the mountains where we'd gone for a bit of peace and quiet. Next morning the cicadas started up. You've never heard such a racket! Charlie freaked out. He can't take loud noises - as you probably noticed. That's all it was, by the way. He's fine now.'
'I'm not mad about loud noises myself,' Mo admitted. 'If it's any comfort, Schopenhauer says that the amount of noise anyone can bear is in inverse proportion to his intelligence. I think our civilisation is becoming increasingly deaf as a matter of fact. With all this ambient muzak and people wandering around with their personal earphones, we live in our own little bubbles.'
'True. And Charlie says that computers cut off your hands. You can interact without feeling. That's why live music's important. It pops that bubble and lets you connect with other people. And making music's even better.'
'You sound like a musician yourself.'
'Lapsed, I'm afraid. I used to play trombone in high school but I gave it up because my lips were getting scarred. But I used to love punching out the bass, lifting the whole orchestra like the wave under a boat...'
An old Italian man with the party in the corner yelled out something about 'la musica' and in a minute an old dialect recording was raising merry hell:

Josefina pliz don' leana on da bell,
When you moosh pliz don' poosh on da bell...

'Ha!’ cried Mo. 'Louis Prima. Fantastico!  And they accuse us of perpetuating stereotypes. Great trumpeter too.'

You can squeeze all you please, that's alright,
But the bell cannot take it every night...

The door opened and a woman in a bright red puffer jacket and Levis came in. A long-lensed camera round her neck and a portfolio in her hand sufficiently identified Jesus's Tracey.
'Over here, Tracey.' Jesus waved.
She trotted over. Blonde hair, Marteen noticed, sensibly short. Bright blue eyes astride an icebreaker nose. Pretty little mouth.
Introductions and Ettore followed. Tracey ordered lasagne and 'a nice coop of tea.'
'Aye-oop,' Jesus approximated, ' 'appen she's a Yorkshire luss.'
Mo snared a chair and Tracey settled down next to Jesus.
'So, Chook, how was the photo club?' he asked.
'Good. There was a talk on filters with some smashing ideas and some guy's done a project where he carried around a randomised timer for a month and each time it went off he had to snap whatever he was looking at at the time. One photo per day and no cheating. He's an estate agent so he's always got a camera. I'm not sure it was art but it was quite disturbing. The photos taken in the houses he was selling almost all showed the worst rather than the best features. There were three shots of women's arses and quite a bit of traffic. Shows how much we blot out of what we think we see.'
'Are those your own photos in that portfolio?' asked Marteen.
'Some of them. They only allow us to show six at a time. Good idea. Nothing's more boring than other people's photos, as a rule, but there are usually a couple of gems amid the dross.'
'Could we see some of yours?'
'If you like. I'm not a professional, me, it's just a hobby. But these I'm quite chuffed with.'
'Come on, Tracey, you're damned good and you know it.' Jesus took out a slender sheaf of photos and handed them to Marteen.
'Wow,' said Marteen after a few minutes' scrutiny. 'These are beautiful. Do you always work in black and white?'
'Not always. It's not real black and white with these digital cameras, not like you get with film. But some subjects, like those clouds massing over the Yorkshire moors can be much more dramatic.'
'Yeah. There's a real feeling of huge forces at work. Look, Charlie.'
Charlie saw brooding immensity of crag and stone walls and bald moor under a sky engorged with cloud. There was menace, but also a bleak beauty.
'Very powerful image you've got there, Tracey,' he said, passing it on to Ben and taking the next print.
This was of a shadow thrown onto a curl of rock like a surfer riding a wave. Charlie chuckled appreciatively.
'That's my shadow,' Jesus pointed out. 'Naked. In Death Valley. I was standing on the roof of the car for half an hour while this one was waiting for the perfect shot. Ninety-five in the shade. All the bits that never see the sun were really roasted. But it was worth a fortnight's enforced chastity for a visual joke.'
Charlie shut his eyes. Jokes about sex were a bit (ho ho) near the bone. He remembered the raw-rubbed tip of his adolescent penis sticking to his jockey shorts, and its painful detachment... He smiled and looked up.
Marteen smiled nervously and pressed her thigh against him. A wave of fury swept through him. He was touchy, was he? Needed careful handling, did he? OK. OK. It was true. Poor old Charlie. Rage to self-pity in seconds. He gave a rueful grin and engaged Tracey in small talk about cameras and her work as a lab technician. What, inevitably, did she think of America?
'Well, I was in New York for a year and I've been in Vegas for two years come Christmas so I'm a bit limited. The people are lovely - open and friendly; but some of their ideas are completely bonkers. The actual country is spectacular, but I never thought I'd miss that freezing Yorkshire drizzle. There is such a thing as too much blue sky. I can't be doing with endless summer. I like my four seasons.'
'I know what you mean,' said Jesus. 'I spent a year in Britain,' he explained to his new friends, 'Swansea, mostly. I finally saw what Vivaldi was getting at.'
'Did Vivaldi ever think he'd wind up as that synthesised music when they put you on hold?' Moses rolled his eyes skyward. 'Yiddle yiddle yiddle yiddle - your call is important to us.'
It was funny 'cos it was true.
'It is abnormally dry even for here,' said Ben. 'Nevada is in the grip of a record drought. Been an exciting year for insects, though. I'm an entomologist,' he told Tracey, 'I study insects.'
'Minibeasts is what the English kiddies call them.' Tracey smiled, momentarily back in Barnsley. 'I've taken quite a few photos of spiderwebs and butterflies in my time.'
'Minibeasts.' Marteen savoured the word. 'I like it. We call 'em bugs.'
'And talking of bugs,' Jesus segued with a crash of gears, 'it turns out that Charlie and I both work for the CIA. Come, Charlie, tell me the truth about drones.'
'Well, I can't say anything about operations, obviously, but I can tell you you'll be seeing drones everywhere in the next couple of years. They're our answer to suicide bombers. Disposable assets. After all, if one's shot down it's only twenty million taxpayer bucks, not a priceless American life. Unfortunately, our enemies have got them too. Iran captured one of our drones by jamming the signal. You can bet their scientists have pulled it apart to the last nut and bolt.'
'I built a radio-controlled plane when I was twelve,' Hami joined in. 'It was pretty crude - just electromagnets for up and down and side to side. It flew well but landed badly. I'm not sure about the suicide bomber thing. 9/11 could have been done with drones but there's definitely the added romance of someone willing to die for their idiotic cause. Not to mention the added horror of the doomed plane passengers. Stockhausen had a point when he referred to it as great art, although he quickly rowed back on that. The image of planes crashing into those towers is definitely more memorable than say poisoning people in the subway.  Where were we? Oh yeah, drones. Just how accurate are they?'
'Very,' said Charlie soberly. 'Give us the co-ordinates and we'll hit the target. Whether it's the right target is, thankfully, not up to me. I follow orders. Of course there are mistakes and what we euphemistically call "collateral damage" but we've taken out some bad guys and we do try and keep civilian deaths to a minimum. I sit in a box in the desert and fly a drone seven thousand miles away. When I press a button, people silently die, blown into pixels. That can be heavy, no matter how justified.'
'I can see that,' Mo acknowledged. 'I guess letting rip with my fake UZI must have seemed pretty crass to someone with experience of the real thing.'
Charlie snorted. 'I'm also a fake,' he said easily. I've never seen active service. I was all set to deploy to Iraq as a fighter pilot when I damaged my eye in training and that was that.'
Food arrived. Louis Prima launched into 'Angelina' and Hami's phone rang. (When I'm calling you-ooo-ooo...). 'Excuse me folks, work. I'd better take this. Sure thing, Mr. Lethren.' Hami put a hand over his mouthpiece. 'Client, I'm afraid. Stockbroker. His computer's locked him out. Ah, Ettore. Do you have WiFi here? Good man. Sorry, folks, this shouldn't take long.' And Hami stood up, took his laptop and made his way to the bar. Ettore followed, bearing half a lasagne and Hami's Diet Coke.

I eat antipasto twice just because she is so nice - Angelina...
 
'Here's an idea,' Mo suggested. 'Why don't we all turn off our phones and finish the meal in peace?'
'Good thinking,' Ben seconded. 'It's a real curse being on call 24/7.'
'Carried nem con,' Mo ruled.
Six phones were produced and rendered comatose. Louis Prima wound up and as the party in the corner was now occupied with photographing each other, the music was allowed to lapse.
Conversation, the genteel clatter of crockery and cutlery, this hiss of the espresso machine. Bliss.
Marteen and Tracey plunged into girl-talk of family and friends. Tracey, divorced, was mother to fourteen-year-old Jake. She'd come to the US to get away from her ex who'd been using Jake as a weapon against her. The usual. Appointments missed, money withheld. Jake spent a few weeks a year with his dad and his new partner (another Tracey). Tonight Jake was staying with Jesus's mother, a lovely lady. They got on ever so well together. What, Tracey asked with brusque kindliness, had happened to Marteen's cheek?
'Oh, nothing. It was an accident.'
'I jerked my arm and hit her by mistake.' Charlie put the record straight. 'I offered her some raw steak to put on it, but she declined my offer.'
'I'm fine,' said Marteen shortly. 'It looks a lot worse than it is.' She took another sip of wine.
The talk meandered from the delights of fishing (Charlie and Ben) to the use of marrowbone in risotto (Mo) and to talk of the next gig (general).
Hami, having successfully reconfigured something or other, joined them for coffee. They turned on phones, exchanged numbers and split the bill seven ways.
The CIA's algorithm noted, without prejudice, that Ben's number was now in Hami's phone.

 12.

     Mo was woken by a call from the casino.
'Mo, it's Jasper.'
'Hi Jasper. Do you know what time it is?'
'Sorry about that. Have you looked on YouTube?'
'Of course not. I was sleeping. What about it?'
'There's a clip from your show last night. The bit with the Israeli gunning down that Arab. Lippy Lipschitz has threatened to pull his stake in the casino if you're not fired. Seems he's head of some pro-Israeli lobby in San Diego. According to him, the entire Jewish community's up in arms.'
'Oy veh.'
'All of that. Lippy's really steamed. He wants to get you blacklisted coast-to-coast.'
'So much for freedom of speech. You know we didn't post that clip?'
'Irrelevant. It's undeniably you. It's obviously a pirate video. Lots of the back of people's heads. But that cuts no ice with Lippy. Luckily Dusty called his bluff. Said you had an ironclad contract and breaking it would be too expensive. So Lippy's backed down for now but I wouldn't put too much faith in having your contract renewed. Just thought you ought to know.'
'I see. Thanks, Jasper. Appreciate it. Bye for now.'
'Bye.'
Mo stumbled out of bed, switched on the kettle and fired up the old laptop. Google. YouTube: prophets of loss. Sure enough, there it was. For all eternity Jesus would whack Hami with his cross and Mo would supply the coup-de-grace with his UZI. Ripped out of context it was surprisingly savage. It ended before Charlie's collapse. No wonder it had raised hackles. Worse still, it had cut the reconciliation scene where Hami came back to life, all three embraced and then began swapping hats in a complicated patacake before they were tossed in the air with a cry of Olé! He brought up the POL website. Less than twelve hours after the concert the comments section was seething. Usual stuff: Israel one true democracy...BURN IN HELL U SICKOS...Hamas are terrorists, Israel only defending itself...
There were also some positive posts: Stick it to the military-industrial establishment... Disagree w. what you say but defend to death...Encapsulates...Paradigm...Source of all war...
Moses was singled out as (sigh) a 'self-hating Jew' as well as an antisemite and a traitor to his people.
Jesus also came in for 'a bit of stick' as Tracey put it.  Apparently transforming our saviour's two fingered gesture of benediction into a gun was deeply blasphemous. 'Truecross' wrote that if he saw Jesus he would gun him down like a 'rabbid' dog. 'Rabbid.' Mo liked it. Still 'Daisyboo' was praying for all their immortal souls, so that was OK.
Hami had, for once, garnered no death threats although his portrayal of Palestinians as blameless victims did not go unchallenged.
Mo's phone rang. Nine on a Sunday morning.
' 'Lo. Oh, hi Mom.'
'Moisheleh. I hope I didn't wake you. What time is it over there?'
'Nine. You're two hours ahead, remember? Anyway, I'm up. Is everything alright?'
'Well, one of my bridge-playing circle died. Morrie Baumgartner - I think you met him when you were last here. It was an aneurism. Out of the blue. He just keeled over into the chicken salad. Dr. Strauss was there but there was nothing he could do. He was only sixty-eight, poor man.'
Moses vaguely remembered a bustling little fellow in a pastel-blue suit with a red carnation buttonhole. He'd taken Mo aside and regaled him, sotto voce, with a string of dirty jokes. 'Well, Mrs Cohen, you have acute angina. Thank you, doctor, but it's my heart I'm worried about.' And, 'Mom, this'll make you happy. I'm going to marry a Jewish girl. She's smart, she's beautiful. Her name's Monica. Monica Lewinsky. So, the mother replies, what happened to that schwartze you were dating?'
Morrie had run a chain of furniture stores in New England and had sold up and retired just ahead of the credit crunch.
'I remember him. Seemed a nice guy.'
'Nu, living in a retirement home, you get used to people dying. My friend Trudy says we're sitting in God's waiting-room. But I didn't phone to kvetch about my troubles. Sadie Kohlkopf's daughter says there's something on YouTube about your band doing an antisemitic song. I told Sadie she must have the wrong end of the stick. I haven't seen it myself, but I thought you should know what people are saying.'
'Thanks, Mom. Look,' Moses patiently laid it out, 'it isn't a song and it certainly isn't antisemitic. It's a sketch in dumbshow, two minutes long and whoever posted it left off the happy ending.'
'So why is everybody upset?'
'Well, it's undoubtedly anti-Israeli or at least anti Israeli treatment of the Palestinians. You know my views. They're not popular but they're not yet illegal. The thing is, the moment you criticise Israel they all scream antisemite at you. It was a little joke - a Jew d'esprit if you will.'
Mom snorted. She'd taught high school French at one time. Moses had always been able to wisecrack his way out of trouble. His curse was to live in po-faced times. Like in the old Soviet Union, a joke could land you in serious trouble. She feared for her son but was proud that he stood up for his beliefs. She came of arty, libertarian New York stock. She'd been one of the few Jews in favour of staging The Death of Klinghoffer in the face of claims that it glorified terrorism. It didn't, but it did humanise the hijackers which was almost worse.
Bridge this afternoon would be awkward. She wondered who would replace Morrie.
The ringing of her doorbell brought an end to the conversation.
Moses returned to the gathering storm.

 13.

Ben spent the night on Marteen and Charlie's pull-out couch so that he and Charlie could make an early start on the next day's fishing. They had had an early breakfast and headed out, hoping to get above Lake Mead before the day got too hot.
By nine, Marteen was back in bed with a Nescafé au Cremora and a Poptart, watching a cookery show on TV. Her bruise's empurplement moved on apace. Also, the skin on her heel had split and she was rubbing cold cream into the fissure. This involved eating and drinking lefthanded which demanded a fair amount of concentration so that when the show ended and the local news came on she nearly missed the fifth item, which was a planned campus protest against the Prophets of Loss. There was already an online petition calling for all universities to ban performances by the group on the grounds of antisemitism and incitement to violence.
There followed an interview with a Jewish student (who hadn't been at the concert but had seen the clip on YouTube) and an advocate of free speech (ditto).
The upshot was that the Jew was allowed to get away with several outrageous slurs while the free-speecher said that although he personally found the material shockingly offensive, it was not technically a hate crime. No-one mentioned satire.
Marteen's blood boiled. Pointing out that America was happy to stand by while Israelis murdered Palestinians might be tactless but it was fucking true. She thought of voicing her objections online but the fact that Charlie had freaked out and they'd left before the end of the sketch did, she realised, weaken the force of her objections. The truth was that since meeting the POL she was passionately on their side.
Trouble kept coming. Marteen accessed the clip on YouTube. But already a rival version had emerged. Posted by one 'eyeofhorus'. Marteen clicked on it. After the machine-gunning 'eyeofhorus' had carried on filming. To Marteen's horror she saw that Charlie's collapse had been captured. She could clearly see his hunched back and his wailing drowned out the other sounds. She watched herself reach out a comforting hand and there! a sudden jerk of his outflung hand caught her on the cheek. It seemed to take forever for herself and Ben to get Charlie to his feet and take him away. The three of them filled the screen. God, did she really look such a hardfaced bitch? Charlie's face was crumpled in anguish while Ben wore a look of genuine concern. They left. The camera tracked their hurried exit then switched back to the stage.
Jesus spoke: 'Ladies and gentlemen and others, I will now attempt to perform a miracle. I would like to reverse time and allow us to finish off our little charade after this unfortunate interruption. We'll go on from just after the execution.'
The trio sprang back into position. Jesus, arms crossed, watched Hami spreadeagled against the wall while Mo coolly blew smoke from the barrel and slung the gun over his back. A big red balloon floated down from above with the words God, Allah and Adonai printed on it. Jesus smiled and took out a pin. Pop! The three shook their heads as if waking from a dream and went into a hat-swapping routine, getting faster and faster until with a triumphant 'Olé' all three were tossed in the air and the boys engaged in a group hug.
Marteen, for all the hot stickiness of the air, shivered. How would Charlie's already fragile self-esteem cope with the public humiliation? Still, perhaps no-one would recognise them.
Her phone rang. Dulcie, the girlfriend who'd put her on to the Prophets in the first place. Yes, Dulcie, that really was me and Charlie. No, no, he was fine. Just a devastating attack of toothache from a lurking abcess. Brought on by those exploding blanks. And how was your father? The same.
A bit more idle chit-chat. Bye, Dulcie.
So, the lie had been glibly launched. As long as Charlie didn't contradict it before she had a chance to prime him. She wanted to warn him but hated to ruin his day. In any case Ben's fishing-hole was in a cellphone dead spot. No, Charlie would call on the way home. If he wanted to reveal his mental fragility it was up to him. As long as he didn't become a shuttlecock in the storm swirling about the POL. Thank God the mutterers who wanted to make blasphemy a crime were being held at bay.
Any hope that the restoration of the end of the sketch would mollify the POL's enemies was soon dashed. Marteen watched the counter on the website as comments poured in. 'maccabee' thought that the ending added insult to injury. The implication that one's deepest beliefs could be discarded as easily as hats was unutterably offensive... Assertion of moral equivalence between terrorists who wanted to kill all Jews and Israelis who wanted only peace...
Well, thought Marteen, at least the opposition was literate. Oh no! One Daniel Chasen of the law firm of Chasen and Cohn wrote: 'If the young man severely affected by this disgraceful performance wishes to sue the Prophets of Loss for mental cruelty I would be happy to represent him on a no-win no-fee basis.'
Shit. Marteen let the vision of millions in damages bloom in her mind but it quickly faded to a dull grey. Through a lull in the traffic noise she heard the bells from the nearby Catholic church. Ten o'clock already. She got up and cleared the breakfast detritus. She'd cooked up bacon and eggs with waffles and maple syrup. The waffle iron was a real chore to clean but at least with Charlie out she could have the radio on. She got out an old toothbrush, switched on an easy-listening programme, unclipped the waffle plates and got to work.

 14.

On the long drive out to the lake the boys talked fishing and Charlie relaxed enough to let a little of the blackness out of his head.
'It's such a relief not to be watched, Ben. I don't think I'm unduly paranoid, but I've seen the future and it scares the shit out of me. We're rushing blindly into a police state and no-one seems to care.'
'I feel that way about the environment,' said Ben, shaking his head. 'Irreversible climate change is almost here, insect numbers are in freefall, we're in the middle of mass extinctions and yet it's business as usual. It seems money triumphs over even the continuation of life on earth.'
A black Dodge Viper screamed past them. Thumping bass. A gorilla beating its chest. The little campervan rocked in its wake.
Kids. Charlie remembered those testosterone-fuelled jags. The power of being only-just-in -control of a raging V8 with all the world in front of you. Charlie's cousin Earl had worked for a garage devoted to muscle cars. It was all about power and bling and noise. At sixteen Charlie lived in a world of four-barrelled carbs and wide wheels and lowered suspension. Earl had an old Mustang he'd turned into a monster. Floor the gas and the car would hurtle forwards, fishtailing and wheelspinning down the road. Earl sometimes let him drive on a little country lane and he'd once had the beast up to 112mph before a radiator hose split. Until he'd flown a jet fighter that had been one of the biggest thrills of his life.
Earl had also fixed him his first whore in one of those little Nevada towns where prostitution is legal. Conchita was a sweet natured Mexican girl with huge breasts. Twice his age. When he'd come while she was fitting his condom, she gave him another go for free. She was gentle with him and aside from an unnerving flash of imagining it was his mother beneath him he'd felt triumphant and a bit ashamed. He'd been through a dozen whores and three girlfriends by the time he met Marteen who was herself not sexually inexperienced. This time, however, it was love. He'd fallen in love with a smart and beautiful girl who was as trusting as a child and yet had the devastating practicality of her sex. She'd fallen in love with a patriotic flying ace and ended up with a desk-bound assassin. It killed Charlie to see the bitter lines around her mouth but when she smiled it lit up his heart. She had also fed his thirst for a culture beyond the brutality and sentimentality of the army. Vegas was showbiz spectaculars and superstars. He'd seen lots of the greats, near greats and tribute bands but he was really into heavy metal. Marteen had turned him on to Stravinsky and Sydney Bechet. They went to art exhibitions and classical concerts and jazz but were always ready to fall in with a drunken army party. With all that aggression crackling in the air fights were frequent. Charlie had once decked a guy who'd insulted her. He'd noticed that despite her concern and reproaches her eyes were shining and her cheeks flushed. Sex that night had been extra good. What made a woman's asshole so piquant while a guy's was plumb disgusting? He guessed gays saw it the other way.
Charlie abandoned his reverie and focused on the present. Here he was, sitting with Ben while moving through the desert at a mile a minute. The radio, at Charlie's request, was off as were their phones. There was only the vehicle's noise, vibration and harshness to contend with.
Ben was a mine of information about aquatic insects and which flies were currently on the menu. Trout had adopted seasonal eating long before the latest fad.
Charlie relaxed. Ben's driving was soothing, as was the thought that a possible breakdown wasn't his problem.
'Say, Ben, have you ever tickled trout?'
'Can't say I have. How's it done?'
'Well you find a place on the river bank that's a bit undercut so you've got these hollows the fish lie up in. You lie down flat and scoop up some sand from the bottom in the palm of your hand and then you gently feel under the overhang. The fish shrink back but the minute you touch one you have to grab it and flick it up onto the bank. It's not as easy as it sounds.'
'And the sand?'
'Gives you a grip. You know how slippery trout can be.'
'Yeah, slime is a great escape mechanism. Works for politicians too. Some fish can actually exude slime when they're threatened. A single hagfish can fill a bucket in seconds. There's a clip online where you can see it gushing out. It not only makes it impossible to grab, but clogs a predator's gills so it can't breathe.'
Ben slowed and turned off up a rough track. He'd had the van converted to four-wheel drive and Charlie had approvingly noted the knobbly tyres. They slowly lurched and bumped their way uphill through gullies and dusty brush. Then they came down into a hidden valley and Ben cut the engine. The air was sweet and moist and along the cleft fresh greenery flourished. Balm of Gilead, whatever that was. The river was perfect for fishing, with a mixture of little rapids and lazy pools. Downstream, crossing the desert, the river dwindled until it trickled at last into the sunken sump of Lake Mead.
The boys fished in the modern way with barbless hooks. Undersized and surplus trout could be thrown back, mostly unharmed, sadder but wiser fish.
Charlie, in waders, flicked out a line to land his fly near where a trout had jumped. The trick was to feign indifference, to become as much part of the environment as a tree. He wondered if a heron stood on one leg to fool fish into thinking it was a plant. He'd try it but for the certainty of falling over. Despite the midsummer heat the water was cold and clear. Guilt and frustration and worthlessness were washed away in the living water. As his fly danced over the sunny pool where the fish were rising he felt the approach of peace.

 15.


The POL had convened an emergency meeting over lunch at Al's Place. Tracey, who could do shorthand, took notes. The predoomed Palestinian/Israeli peace talks were due to start Wednesday. Overnight almost every Jewish organisation had piled onto the anti-POL bandwagon. The cascade of vituperation crashed the website. Jesus had culled some of the choicest slanders and insults for the band's publicity material in place of the more usual platitudes.
'So, is this it?' Mo demanded. 'Our fifteen minutes of fame.' He puffed up his cheeks and let off steam. 'What do we do with it?'
'Well, we should at least agree a statement in case anyone asks,' said Jesus soberly. 'I'm sure my pals in the CIA are on our case. They take a keen interest in satire because people with no sense of humour are always suspicious of anything they don't understand.'
'OK,' said Hami. 'What is our position vis-a-vis the Israelis? From the Iranian perspective the British allowed the Jews to colonise Israel and to drive out, murder and oppress the original inhabitants. Sure, the holocaust was tough but how does that entitle these people to behave like Nazis? If they'd been given Bavaria that would've made more sense. Not to mention the insult of treating Muslims like dirt. Although Iranians are always keen to point out that they're not Arabs and certainly not the detested Sunni. Sunni, Shia. Two bald men fighting over a comb as Borges said of the Falklands. As for the US, as long as Israel serves our interests it can do no wrong.'
'Nu,' Mo gave an evil grin, 'let's start out with something uncontentious. Write this down, Tracey: Israel is America's attack dog.'
'Uncontentious, eh?' Jesus pushed his Ray Bans up onto his head. 'I don't think we need a record yet. Let's just chew the fat a while.'
'Whatever we say will be traduced, misquoted and edited,' said Hami, 'but we can at least put the full text on the website. And on my blog, too. By the way, better do another sweep for malware and viruses once you get the site up again.'
'Will do,' Jesus promised. 'There's no hurry. I've rebooted it twice and it crashed after a few seconds. Hey! Why not do it as a song. Then if we're asked questions we can just sing it.'
'No time,' shrugged Mo. 'I've already agreed to do an interview on local TV. I tried for all three of us but it seemed the Jewish enemy of Israel was the only thing they were interested in. So I said I'd do it but that my views were strictly my own. Still, a brief outline of what we were trying to say might be useful. I mean we all agree, more or less, with the Palestinian view of Israeli history. And to say that the US, particularly the evangelicals, is more than happy for Israelis to kill unarmed Muslims is simply a matter of fact.'
'Except that they're not unarmed as far as the narrative goes,' Hami pointed out. 'Hamas, remember, are evil Islamic terrorists who won't rest until every Jew on earth is exterminated. True, their feeble rockets have only killed one Jew (and that by accident) and it is at least arguable that the Israelis deliberately provoke them as an excuse for a devastating response, but what do I know?'
'I suppose we'd better explicitly condemn all terrorism,' Jesus offered, 'be it ours or theirs. I mean it's true. I abhor violence. Hamas sending a deluded fool off to blow up himself and as many others as he can is unforgivable but so are uranium-tipped shells and cluster bombs and white phosphorus.'
'White phosphorus is horrible stuff,' Tracey informed them. 'I know a woman who was in the UN compound in Gaza when the Israelis firebombed it. She lost part of her leg. Her husband actually cut out a piece of her calf and tied a tourniquet on her leg and probably saved her life. If phosphorus gets into the bloodstream it can kill you. It sticks to flesh, and water just makes it burn more fiercely. She lost her leg below the knee. Israel was never charged with using a banned weapon.'
'And what is the typical British view of Israel?' Hami asked her.
'Well, I think most of the people I know reckon that the Jews are entitled to a homeland but they find Israel's treatment of the Palestinians fairly revolting. I used to think the BBC was incredibly pro-Israeli until I came over here. Your coverage would be funny if it wasn't so sinister. Back home the establishment is pro-Israel. The Labour left tends to be pro-Palestinian. Those who lament the passing of empire are quite at home with racist colonies. Anyway,' Tracey concluded briskly, 'I've got a life to get back to. You'd better get on with this statement.'
'OK already!' Mo quailed under the teacher's lash. 'Write this down then: Firstly, we condemn all acts of terror, no matter who perpetrates them. Secondly, even if Israel was founded on a lie, any resolution must protect both Jews and Arabs. Since God is dead, religions mean as much or as little as hats and can be swapped or taken off at will. Our aim is peace and reconciliation.'
'Yes, that should soothe our enemies,' said Jesus sarcastically. 'To recap. Israel is the West's attack dog; we deplore all terrorism; religion is a trivial irrelevance; and we're for love not hate. As for the current peace talks there's not a hope in hell but we wish them well.'
Jesus's Blackberry burbled. The email had landed. Cousin Maria, a devout crosseyed spinster, urged him to repent of his blasphemy before it was too late.
Delete. 'One of my churchy relatives threatening me with damnation.'
'Now that's something we don't have at home,' Tracey smiled in bemusement. 'No one would ask a stranger about their religion. People can know each other for years and the subject might never come up. But out of the blue, one of the guys at work comes up to me and says: "Are you saved?" I laughed, I thought it were a joke, but he was dead serious. I was like, you what? And he went off into this guff about living in the last times and how Israel was the fulfilment of a Biblical prophecy. I was flabbergasted. I mean here's this intelligent guy with a science degree and he believes the world was made by God six thousand years ago. I couldn't be doing with that. I said I was an atheist and he looked at me as if I'd admitted eating babies.' She chuckled. 'Nowadays he steers clear of me - if I'm in the lift he'll take the stairs and he'd rather stand and wait than share a table in the canteen. It does strike me as funny that these redneck fundamentalists, who I'd always assumed were nature's  antisemites, are such fervent supporters of Israel.'
'Well they also liked apartheid.' Mo rolled his eyes. 'There are those who say that the real cause of the Iraq war was to protect Israel. The Evangelicals believe that all Jews will go to Israel, convert en-masse to Christianity and so bring on the Rapture. I kid you not. It helps that when they think of Jews they think of Ashkenazis, who are almost White. When the South Africans wanted to trade with Japan they made the Japanese "honorary Whites". Ah, the good old days.'
'So, this Rapture thing. Do we Muslims get a look-in?'
'Sure thing,' Jesus smarmed, ' step right up. Our God is loving and merciful - you can convert to Christianity and join in the Rapture or burn for all eternity in hell. Up to you.'
Being a Sunday, Al's Place was full of the unchurched. There were Jews, students and the beached riffraff of bars and casinos. There were one or two glances at the POL. Smartphones were consulted and muttering ensued. A couple of jocks with squash rackets and kippahs held on with hairclips, gave them the hard eye.
Moses addressed his hash browns and bacon and eggs but felt a tightness between his shoulders where a knifeblade could be buried.
'Statement,' Tracey insisted. 'Let's try and forget that these morons are among the most powerful people in the world.'
Jesus sighed. 'As Schiller said, against stupidity the gods themselves battle in vain. Maybe we could write it out as an acrostic, with a message spelt out by the first letters of each line. God is not dead he just smells funny, perhaps. Oliver Gogarty, aka Buck Mulligan in Ulysses, once wrote a  poem in finest fustian, about Irish soldiers returning from the Boer War. It starts: "The gallant Irish yeoman/ Home from the wars has come..." It was snapped up by the paper. It was only later that someone noticed that reading down one side of this effusion spelt out the patriotic message: "THE WHORES WILL BE BUSY".'
'Look, boychik,' Mo wearily laid it out, 'it's an interview. If I get to recite a poem who'll remember the first letter of each line? I need a trenchant and witty soundbite is all.'
'Tell 'em we're changing the name of the band to Pat Riot and the Flagwavers,' suggested Hami. 'Or how about the Tars and Tripes? No, OK. Let me think...'
When I'm calling you oo-oo-oo oo-oo-oo...
Hami picked up. 'Yes, speaking... Who is this?... No, Al-Kamandjati... Rubbish... Drop dead.' He cut the connection. 'Some creep who wouldn't give his name was making allegations about Al-Kamandjati. It's a Palestinian musical charity. I give them a few bucks from time to time. He was implying I'm sponsoring terrorism. They must be getting pretty desperate. Obviously confusing violins with violence. It's completely kosher, approved by our government.'
'So was that charity sending aid to Gaza,' Mo gloomed. 'Didn't stop them jailing some poor bastard on the basis that giving money freed Hamas from their social obligations and let them spend it on weapons.'
'I remember,' said Hami. 'He got sixty-five years. Barbaric. I don't think they're seriously after me. They just want me to know I'm being watched.'
'Friend Charlie has a point,' Jesus conceded. 'Big Brother is indeed watching us. I'll bet the lawyers are licking their chops.'
'Uh oh.' Mo had glanced at the local TV station's comment section on his iPhone. 'More tsuris. The feminazis are calling that accidental swat at Marteen's face a "despicable attack". Charlie could wind up on Jerry Springer being bayed at by the mob. Here's another one. She at least concedes that it might have been an accident but even so reveals an ingrained pattern of male brutality yadda yadda. I've lost the will to live.'
'So first they blame us for causing Charlie's breakdown,' Jesus exploded, 'and then they blame him for beating up on Marteen.'
'Freedom of speech.' Hami shrugged. 'The vox populi of the grex venalium. Twitter trolls. The bear-baiting or Badger in the Bag de nos jour. So, back to Mo's interview.'
'I fancy a John Cage intervention. How's about I answer all questions with answers pulled at random from my hat? Suggestions, please.'
'Let's call it the Ten Commendments,' Hami proposed. 'A mix of provocations, epigrams and jokes.'
'I like it,' said Jesus. 'Here's one: Don't let hocus-pocus choke us. Focus.' He sat back. 'My work here is done.'
The squash players left. The one with long simian arms covered in black hair deliberately bumped Mo's chair and glared down at him but was shoved on by his fat ginger friend before a fight  developed.
Another nine answers were roughed out. The EGM of the POL ended amicably and people went their ways.

 16.

At 13:13 Charlie and Marteen were named online. 'thats my old buddy charlie culyer [sic] and his wife marteen. Hope your [sic] over freakout pal. See u soon,' tweeted 'keepcalmandcarryarms.'
At 13:39 Marteen's phone rang. Tracey.
'Hi Marteen, it's Tracey. I'm not interrupting your dinner am I?'
Marteen muted the TV and smiled. Dinner?
'Hi, Tracey. No problemo. I'm on my own here, lying on the bed eating Doritos. Ben and Charlie have gone fishing. Nice to speak with you again.'
'Well, I thought I should keep you up to date with the latest developments. Do you know there's been a bit of a fuss on YouTube over that clip from the concert?'
'Yup. I've been following it on and off.'
'Well, it's really ticked off the Israel lobby. They tried to get Moses fired from his job at the casino and some of our gigs have been cancelled. Also, and I'm really sorry you've been caught up in this mess, some idiot has named the two of you on Twitter.'
'Oh, shoot. I suppose it was inevitable. A friend has already phoned to tell me she recognised us. By the way, I told her Charlie's collapse was due to an agonising toothache if anyone asks.'
'Right. Good idea. Mo's giving an interview tonight on the local news. Your surname's Culyer is it?'
'No, Culver with a vee. See you ell vee ee ar.'
Too late. The misspelling had gone viral and was already entrenched in several databases, a source of irritation and frustration for years to come.
More seriously, if Charlie's breakdown led to suspicions of mental instability he might be out of a job. Job?
'What did you say about Mo losing his job?' Marteen felt her gorge rise.
'It's true. One of the casino's big investors threatened to pull out unless he was fired. They fobbed him off by saying that it would be too expensive to buy Mo out and there was a risk he might sue. His contract was up soon for renewal anyway, wink wink. It's as well to keep in with Jewish interests in this town.'
'That's censorship!' Marteen protested. 'He's being blackmailed into shutting up. I thought we had freedom of speech.'
'Let's see what he says in this interview.' Tracey chuckled. 'He's going to be dressed up in full Mariachi fig and he'll literally pull answers out of his hat. News at six. Gotta go now. We'll keep in touch.'
Bye.
Jewish interests. The Mob. The Republicans. Marteen's boss at the library was Jewish and they got on well together. Esther's daughter Rachel now lived in Israel, married to an ultra-orthodox Hassid. One of those frummers as Esther referred to him. Esther could be quite funny about her daughter's religiosity. The need, say, to travel with two full sets of crockery because Esther's plates weren't kosher enough for her. She didn't believe in birth-control either - they had five kids and another was on the way. To this, as a doting grandma, Esther had no objection. What did disturb her was the sheet with a hole in the middle through which all this reproduction took place. That, and the fact that Chaim, the son-in-law, didn't even believe in the legitimacy of the State of Israel as he was still waiting for the messiah. This, despite his subsidised lifestyle and the fact that he was excused military service.
Esther was a fervent Israelophile. There were photos of her late husband and herself by the Wailing Wall and one of her floating on the Dead Sea reading a newspaper. They stood on the Golan Heights and in front of the Holocaust Memorial at Yad Vashem. Their family had sponsored the planting of five hundred trees. Israel had made the desert bloom. Among the finest scientists and doctors and musicians in the world. Oranges! Falafel! She didn't like criticism of the homeland for which, for two thousand years,  her people had yearned.
Marteen knew that fanatics loved you as long as you succumbed to their blandishments but could instantly turn vicious if they suspected betrayal. It was not paranoia but sober fact that Esther could fire her with a snap of her fingers. The library was already downsizing. Jobs, in a state beset by high unemployment, could topple like skittles. It didn't hurt to keep on her sweet side.
The hot gritty wind stirred the curtains. She looked at Twitter to see who'd ratted them out. Who was keepcalmandcarryarms? Which of Charlie's old friends was a gun nut? Easier to say which weren't. Marteen had grown up among guns. She'd never gone hunting, but had shot at bottles with her brother's old two-two. As an eight-year-old she'd nearly killed an uncle by imagining the revolver on the mantelpiece was a toy. A drunken party was in full swing when she'd picked it up, aimed, and playfully pulled the trigger.
Blam! The bullet just missed him and broke a window. That sobered them up. Once the shock and ringing in the ears had worn off, the danger of leaving loaded weapons lying around was fully acknowledged. For a few months afterwards everyone was a lot more careful.
What to do. She suddenly needed to get hold of Charlie but it was impossible. A little death. When her favourite aunt had died in her forties of a brain aneurism, she'd had the same sense of being thwarted. To see a beautiful dress or hear an amusing bit  of gossip and think: 'I must tell Janey...' Oh, right.
She tried Charlie's phone but it went straight to voicemail. She left a message: 'Hi lover, phone me as soon as you get this. Hope the fishing went well. Love you. Bye.'
As the day wore on that damned clip soared in the ratings. By mid-afternoon it had well over 100,000 clicks.
Charlie's voicemail was also filling up. He hadn't been so sought after in years. As well as concerned inquiries from friends and family there was, he would later discover, a call from Dr. Pepper saying she had a free hour on Thursday if there was anything he needed urgently to discuss.
At 17:46 Ben was named online by one of his students.
The POL website was up and running again and diehard fans were rallying to meet the attacks.
Hami updated his blog with a fable:



Reft and Light-handed.

Now a king once ruled a land whose people were divided. The righthanded subjects were favoured but those of a sinister bent were persecuted and disadvantaged. This forced the lefties to work harder and to use all their cunning to survive. As a result they prospered moderately and a few got very rich.
Now at this time there was a famine in the land which was, as usual, blamed on the lefties. A book of leftish spells was 'discovered' which proved that the lefties had engineered the drought as part of a scheme for world domination. This was the perfect excuse for the king to seize their gold, enslave those who could work and kill the rest. Of course, there were problems - lefthanded children were torn from righthanded families; intermanual marriages were dissolved and many lefties who had passed for right were exposed.
The king, who was, even for a king, very stupid,  now decided that as long as there was even one leftie left his throne was not safe. So he declared war on the world. Years of turmoil followed until the king stepped on the toe of a giant who yawned, stretched, growled and bopped him on the head. And that was the end of the king and all his plans.
The lefties that the king hadn't managed to kill now demanded a land of their own where they could feel safe. They had a promissory note (to be redeemed at the end of time) for a land of milk and honey from which, legend had it, the lefties had sprung. Unfortunately, this land was occupied by teetotallers. This was intolerable to all right-thinking folk (which the lefties had meanwhile become). The teetotallers were driven out and slain and their land and goods stolen. The giant and his friends looked on approvingly showing that there is honour among thieves and anyway the lefties now owed them one.
Moral: When it's on the other foot, someone's sure to get the boot.

 17.

Moses, like Spinoza, was offered a way out. A reporter from Jewish Perspectives phoned. Danny Pinkler (one of the Philadelphia Pinklers and a friend of Mo's second cousin Isaac) said that Mo had only to affirm Israel's right to exist and the magazine would allow him a thousand words on the Palestinian problem.
'This talk of rights makes me nervous,' Mo said silkily. 'I'm an atheist. I abhor theocracies. Incidentally, depending on who and what you ask, between thirty and seventy percent of Israelis don't believe in God. And the rest behave as if they don't. The Balfour declaration was a last blast of colonial hubris, giving something they didn't own to foreigners they didn't want. I must admit it takes some chutzpah to assert your right to the land on the back of a UN vote while feeling free to ignore any subsequent rulings on, say, human rights. That word again.'
'So the Jewish people, alone of all the peoples of the world, are not entitled to a homeland?'
'Entitled, no. Define Jewish people. But now that they're there we have to make the best of it.'
'So Israel has no right to exist,' terriered Danny. 'In other words, you agree with that mad dog Ahmedinajad.'
'Don't put words into my mouth, Danny. Or even into Ahmedinajad's. No-one seriously expects to drive the Jews into the sea. I don't like terrorism from anyone, be it Hamas or the IDF.'
'Do you at least support a two-state solution?'
'Myself, I'd prefer one secular state but if that's what both sides wanted I'd go along with it. At the moment there's not a snowball's chance in hell of that happening. These peace talks are completely futile. Is this an interview, by the way?'
'No, it's a favour to a friend. To stop you getting in more tsuris. Look, Moishe, whatever Israel's had to do it's done in self-defence. That video of yours makes it look like we're gunning down defenceless Arabs for fun.'
'True. Next time we'll give Hami a peashooter. Bye, Danny.'
Moses hung up, nerves jangling. Some Bach on a period organ. He plundered his online record collection and music sprang from the high-end stereo. Bach's assured construction of a cathedral of music. He tried to give himself to this vast structure, from pedal growls to fluty embellishments of a stately dance, but it was no good. The music turned to mere notes - an arbitrary selection of a handful of frequencies plucked from an infinity of sound. Off. He remembered that as well as a complex musical form a fugue was also a form of amnesia involving a flight from reality. He turned back to his screen. His attention was drawn to a dancing email icon. Click. Jesus. He'd edited  the online footage of their sketch, cutting out Charlie's collapse and providing an approximation of their original intention. This had been uploaded onto the POL website along with an explanation of what he'd done. He'd attributed Charlie's fit to a bout of extreme toothache.
Toothache. Mo hoped there wasn't footage of Charlie chowing down in Romano's. The dude obviously had a problem. No point in making it worse. Anyway, he had problems of his own. Jenny, his recorder-playing lover, thought that Hugh was getting suspicious and wanted to cool it for a while. Mo had taught her how to keep their communications secret but risk was part of the appeal. One of Jenny's girlfriends had seen them together that weekend in LA and of course Hami, Jesus and Tracey all knew. Perhaps she talked in her sleep or Hugh had picked up his manly musk on her.
As for Jenny, guilt had made marital sex better. It had been less rutting than rut of late. And since Hugh's vasectomy something had changed. A fuck with zero chance of conception could seem unutterably futile at times. She was to blame, in a way. She had ruled out children, given the way the world was going, but her eggs disagreed. Hugh was a philologist and outside of work he spent hours practicing his oboe. The shrill wailing (Hugh made his own reeds) sometimes drove her out of the house. They played in the same orchestra.
The affair had started one day when only she and Mo had turned up for a section rehearsal, unaware it had been cancelled. They knew each other casually but soon discovered a deeper attraction. The lecture theatre had a projection booth and within the hour they were in there rolling around on their discarded clothes. After Hugh's desiccated frame this pudgy Jew was a satisfying armful. Also his indefatigable tongue in her crotch started a fire that only his thick and sturdy cock could quench. Since Hugh's snip, Jenny hadn't bothered with protection and as Mo hadn't brought a condom he pulled out at the last minute and released gout after gout of spunk onto her stomach. They slid around, wallowing in delicious filth. Jenny laughed wildly, feeling a sense of freedom she hadn't had in years. Even now, some stray sperms might be powering their way up to her womb. Let them! She didn't care.
Back home she'd had second thoughts and douched herself thoroughly. She also washed her clothes which had snail trails of dried spunk all over them. She was torn between lust and guilt. Luckily, Hugh was being particularly pedantic that evening and insisted on playing a wrong note in his oboe solo because 'that is what's written here in the urtext edition.'
'For God's sake Hugh, it's wrong!' Her exasperation was evident. 'It's in the wrong key. It clashes with the figured bass. It sticks out like a sore thumb. It's wrong!'
'Well then why haven't the editors picked it up? This is taken from the original score. It's not a particularly outré chord.'
'Not two hundred years later, perhaps. At least try the natural. Are you deaf?'
Jenny walked out slamming the door behind her.
Behind her Hugh played the tune as she'd suggested and her heart melted - only for him to revert to the original braying discord and play it twice more as if to confirm its rightness.
Jenny caught sight of herself in a mirror. Anger was a good excuse for her high colour. Thinking of Mo made her blush like a schoolgirl.
The next three months were a whirl of emotion. Jenny grew to love Mo who was funny and warm and wise but she was still fond of Hugh - and the slow, gangrenous death of his mother had brought them closer. Although she and Mo thought themselves sedulously discreet at orchestra their tender glances had not gone unnoticed. Speculation among the women was rife and even one or two of the men sensed something was up. It wasn't long before Hugh heard the murmurs. Jenny had certainly changed. Hating himself, Hugh had accessed her emails and texts but had found nothing. The burner phone with which she communicated with her lover was well hidden.
Hugh hadn't dared accuse her because of the terror that he might precipitate a break and she would leave him. The thought of losing her filled him with dread. He knew that his pedantry and fascination with dead languages were stays against the howling chaos of modernity - but if cast-iron was rigid it was also brittle. University life was ever more stressful. His teaching load was up even as his pay was static. Furthermore he was expected to keep up a steady stream of papers and articles for a dwindling audience. Success was gauged by the number of citations in the field. The classics department, which had once accorded the college a certain amount of prestige, was now being run by management consultants. Hugh's Old Norse module had attracted only three students this semester but a short course on the etymology of medical terms had proved relatively popular, if mainly for mnemonic reasons. Now he was expected to pitch the importance of continued funding for his work on fragments of Icelandic saga in five hundred words or less.
On the Sunday afternoon of the POL hoo-hah Hugh was agonising over the departmental mission statement when the ping of an incoming email provided a welcome distraction. One of the horn players from St. Cecelia's Baroque Compagnie (as their little orchestra was pretentiously named) thought that his fellow musicians should be apprised of the behaviour of one of their number. Click. The POL went once more into their act. This was the full version, minus Charlie. For Hugh it was like a punch in the solar plexus. He drew a shuddering breath. The cheek of Moses in gleefully machine-gunning the fallen Palestinian was shocking. And the hat-swapping routine spat on his most cherished beliefs. Hugh was a churchgoing Episcopalian who'd never felt a need to challenge the religion in which he'd been raised. He'd also always regarded Americans as the good guys, who might make mistakes but always meant well. There was something about a Jew like Moses attacking Israel that stuck in his craw.
Was Jenny really sleeping with this odious fellow? He remembered glancing over at her once when Moses was talking and taking in her air of rapt attention. Upturned face, shiny eyes, tender smile. There'd been a sour, rubbery smell in her cupboard the other day which he'd recognised as the odour of her Dutch cap.
He'd like to get Moses chucked out of the orchestra for moral turpitude but couldn't figure out a way to do it so Jenny wouldn't know it was him. Meanwhile, should he control his jealousy and casually show her the clip? Conveying at the same time his repugnance.
That question was answered by a yell of laughter from the kitchen. Evidently Jenny had also got the email. She'd been feeling sorry for herself. Sunday mornings always found Hugh in church. He was a deacon and responsible for locking up after the service. Jenny refused to go and she and Mo had previously taken advantage of Hugh's absence. She'd spent the entire blameless morning thinking of her lover and the sight of him engaged in a silly charade had been too much for her.
'What's the joke?' Hugh couldn't help himself.
'Oh, just that cabaret group that Moses is in. A skit.'
'If it's the one Jason copied to me, I've seen it. I thought it was in extremely poor taste.'
'True. But it's funny in a savage kind of way. And it makes you think.'
'What, that people are capable of appalling behaviour from time to time? I know that already. But I do wonder whether all this jeering and cynicism hasn't destroyed the possibility of respect and even beauty.' That came out rawer than Hugh had intended.
Oh, God, thought Jenny. He knew. Or maybe just suspected. But his hatred of Moses was evident.
Jenny was torn. She'd 'been there' for Hugh while his mother had died and had felt, beneath his carapace of pomposity, the pain and his timid adoration of herself. The Greeks, Hugh had told her, distinguished four types of love: parental, fraternal, divine and erotic. But did even the Greeks have a word for the mixture of affection, pity, guilt and occasional lust she felt for her spouse? Not to mention impatience and gratitude. Could she let Moses be attacked without defending him? And how to do that while implying no more than a disinterested love of justice. No, it was over. Hugh must never know that he'd been cuckolded. Cuckolded. That was the word he'd use. She could hear him saying it. Cuckolded. Cuck. Old. Ed. Ol' dead. The fling was flung. No harm had been done. Hugh wouldn't have to bring up another man's child even if he didn't own her body. It was not  as if staying with Hugh was that safe an option. His job, for all his erudition, was neither well-paid nor secure. He spoke five languages and read several more. He'd taught himself mediaeval Welsh in six weeks to clear up a minor point in his researches. He was a competent musician who played several instruments with precision if with a certain lack of fire.
Jenny sighed, remembering Mo's inspired clowning at the piano. That Christmas party where he'd played carols in the styles of great composers from Mozart to Fats Waller. Or Silent Night meets Take Five. Even Hugh had given a dry grin at that. She logged onto the POL message board and felt sick. She wouldn't argue the point with Hugh but it couldn't hurt to text Mo and offer her support, as an orchestral colleague and friend. Then she'd destroy her phone. Yes, that's what she'd do.

 18.

It was a bad afternoon for the Prophets of Loss. The twitterstorm grew; they were unfriended from social media in shoals; the phones never stopped.
Hami was excoriated for his passivity in a way reminiscent of the treatment of holocaust survivors in Israel. Until it was realised they were good box office.
For Jesus the symbolism of turning a rosary into a ball and chain was seen as hideous blasphemy by many Catholics although 'alterboy', who claimed to have been abused by priests said: 'It should of been tied to your prick.'
The symbolism of whacking an unarmed Muslim with a cross didn't come up.
Mo's one ray of light was a text from Jenny. 'Nil carborundum illegitimi,' it ran. A cod-latin tag which Mo liked. It meant, sort of, 'Don't let the bastards grind you down.' Hugh would have had a fit parsing it. 'See you at rehearsal Thursday. Jenny.' Cool and friendly.
'Come live with me and be my love,' Mo texted. Thought before sending. No, Jenny knew how he felt. She'd asked for time to work on her marriage, it was unfair to pressure her. He wiped his text and wrote instead: 'Thank you for your support. I will wear it at all times. Moses.' Hugh hated puns.
Nearly four. Mo began to get ready for his interview. That meant driving downtown dressed in full Mariachi costume. He was supposed to get there by no later than 5:30 although his part of the programme was scheduled near the end. Shit. He'd better hurry.

19.

'Charlie Culyer [sic] is an American Hero,' Marteen read. 'The profits [sic] of loss are traitors. There [sic] sicko politics would drive any red-blooded patriot mad. Charlie should sue. Please sign my petition.'
So the POL could drive decent folk mad by the sheer hideousness of its calumnies. Let alone a super-patriot like Charlie. This was news to Marteen. She wouldn't play. She smiled as she remembered the response of a drama critic caught sleeping during a play, namely that sleep was also a form of criticism. Now Charlie (or an unreasonable facsimile thereof) was a hero. She could see him at a Tea Party rally - the man whose utter revulsion at the lies of our enemies had precipitated a brainstorm. She could set up a fund for his treatment. They'd need it if these idiots lost him his job. Make sure to get the name right. It would be a disaster if the money went to this Culyer guy.
Marteen remembered her confusion in the shrieking din of the cicadas. Fumbling for the car keys, couldn't remember where she'd... Panic rising but nothing compared to Charlie's crash and burn. Pack. Dog-clip. There they were. The screeching! She turned the key but couldn't tell if the engine had caught. Roar as she floored the gas. OK, OK. Drive. Handbrake. They'd fled.
Now this. Abuse of the POL poured in, spreading over social media like a rash. There were calls to sue them under some old law for sedition. Encouragement of our enemies was treason. She and Charlie were mere collateral damage.
Tracey rang again. Tens of thousands of people, bored on a Sunday afternoon, had now viewed the clip and were engaged in an orgy of indignation. The many friends of Israel were foaming at the mouth, apart from some followers of the late Rabbi Kahane who applauded the killing of Palestinians and saw that the only prospect for peace was to wipe out the lot. Irony wasn't their strong suit.
'These guys are mental,' Tracey marvelled. 'Kill all the Palestinians and the problem's solved. Oh, and by the way, the POL should also be exterminated as atheistic antisemites.'
'Have you seen the latest on Charlie?' Marteen asked.
'No, what?' Tracey's voice betrayed dread.
'There was a trend saying that his revulsion over the POL's lies was what drove him over the edge and now there's a new group who claim that far from being a hero he's some sort of wifebeating asshole. I mean, it's all crap. These people know zip about him but they're kicking him around like a football.'
'And all,' Tracey stressed, 'on account of a toothache. Have you got hold of Charlie yet?'
'No, they were planning to start back around six. Thank God they've had a few hours away from the hysteria. He'll ring me once they're on their way. He's considerate like that. How's Jesus coping?'
'Pretty well. He's hoping the publicity will catapult the POL into the big time. Money's not that important to him, but he'd kill for a good joke. Don't forget to watch Mo tonight. If Charlie's episode comes up he'll push the toothache explanation, but he won't raise the subject. Anyway, don't worry. I've got to pick up Jake from basketball practice. Speak soon.'
'I'll let you know as soon as Charlie decides what to do. Thanks for phoning. Bye, Tracey'
'Bye, Marteen.'

 20.

It had just gone 6:30 when Charlie rang.
'Hiya, Charlie.' Marteen kept it light and easy. 'Have a good day's fishing?'
'Yeah, great. This place is like an oasis in the desert. We got five nice trout and a few tiddlers we threw back. How was your day, Sugar?'
'Fine.'
'But...' Charlie had picked up on her hesitation.
'Well, there's been a bit of an online shitstorm about last night's concert. Someone videoed that sketch and put it online. Unfortunately they caught you freaking out in the middle. And some kind friend has named us. It's gone viral. I'm telling people it was just an agonising toothache but you can say what you like.'
'I wondered why my voicemail was full of messages. I haven't accessed them yet.'
'Perhaps leave it till you get home. Don't upset yourself, it'll all blow over. They identified Ben too. I would turn off your phone till we get our story straight. Mo's giving an interview on TV about now. He's up against some Zionist who took exception to the sketch. I'll record it if I can get the machine to work. Say hi to Ben. Love you.'
'Love you too. Home in forty.'
'OK?' Ben asked politely, keeping his eyes on the road.
'Yeah... Marteen says there's an online fuss about last night's concert. A clip of me freaking out has made it onto YouTube and she's claiming it was just a horrendous toothache. I suppose it's better to seem a whimpering coward than a lunatic. Someone's recognised you too, I'm afraid. Hope I haven't landed you in the shit.'
'Don't give it another thought. I'm glad I was there. I see my phone's also full of messages. What say we just delete the lot?'
'Well hush yo' mouf honeychile.' Charlie channeled Aunt Jemimah. 'Less'n de Good Lawd strike yo' daid.'
Ben chuckled. 'Yep, it's the new sin against the Holy Ghost. Ignoring messages drives people wild. It's like you can't be bothered to play their silly game. All ping and no pong. Most of my colleagues have learnt that if there's something really important they have to come to my office and tell me to my face. It's amazing how few things turn out to be worth the effort.' Ben chuckled. 'On field trips I confiscate my students' phones and make them sketch things in their notebooks. They hate it, but sketching forces you to look closely.'
Charlie laughed. He could see a bunch of bereft kids blinking in the daylight like battery chickens suddenly given their freedom. His shoulders were stiff, but with the glow of having had a good workout. Endorphins filled him with wellbeing. He liked Ben, they were easy with each other. Charlie was fascinated by the ecological relationships which Ben uncovered while Ben honestly admired Charlie's flycasting technique. He also seemed fascinated by Charlie's own amateur observations of nature and had even got out his notebook and jotted down the story of a seagull swallowing a rat and flying off only for its throat to explode as the rat bit and clawed its way out. It got free just as the bird dropped into the sea.
'Nasty but innocent,' Ben had said. 'I wonder if the rat drowned?'
'Not a chance,' Charlie scoffed. 'I saw it paddle away and vanish under the pier. I like rats. Intelligent little animals. I used to keep them as a kid.'
'I suppose you know the difference between a behaviourist and a magician?'
'What?'
'A magician pulls rabbits out of hats while a behaviourist pulls habits out of rats.'
Charlie chortled as if he hadn't heard that one. It was a very Benly joke somehow, fuddy duddy but with a bit of an edge. He thought back to his schooldays. Diff. between Bishop and lady in bath? Bishop has hope in his soul. Acrobat and Britney Spears? Acrobat has a cunning stunt.
Dust-devils whirled in the hot wind. The cool relief of moist greenery receded.
'This clip on YouTube,' Charlie said diffidently. 'I'll have to decide how to handle it.'
'What a bummer. Are they sure it's you?'
'Fraid so. You too. I suppose I should break a tooth or two for the toothache story to seem plausible.'
'Let's not rush into anything,' said Ben hastily. 'Remember that anything you say will be there forever. And responding just encourages them. What do the Prophets of Loss have to say?'
'No idea. Apparently Mo's giving an interview about now. We can watch it when we get home.'
The traffic thickened and the conversation turned to urban entomology. They were still on bedbugs and cockroaches by the time Ben found a space and parked.
It didn't occur to Charlie to apologise for the shabbiness of his block. Ben was blind to that sort of thing. Poverty didn't bother him. On the other hand, his delight at finding a rare moth in a spiderweb on the stairwell was genuine.
Charlie carried the cooler full of fish up two flights of dusty stairs quietly humming See, the Conq'ring Hero Comes. One of Marteen's favourite bits of Handel.
Wifey had been busy. The little apartment shone and the aircon was going full blast. The scent of a vase of Freesias overlay the urban stench.
'Charlie!' Marteen flung her soft convexities at him and gave him a fervent kiss. "how was the fishing?' She stood back and examined him as if they'd been separated for years.
'Just great. It's a fantastic spot. We'll go there sometime.' Charlie smiled his old smile and the anxiety ebbed from Marteen's eyes.
'Hi Ben' A friendly hug and a peck on the cheek. 'Let's see these fish.'
Charlie lifted the lid.
'Gee, they're beauties!' Her open admiration filled the boys with pride. 'If you gut and scale them I thought I'd do them Chinese style - with ginger and garlic and scallions.'
'Sounds delicious,' said Ben. 'Where's a board?'
Marteen got him set up and Charlie fetched three beers from the fridge.
Later, over trout and a bottle of flinty white wine, the conversation came round to the virtual world.
'So, what's this stuff on YouTube all about, Sugarpie?'
'Well, there are various things. About the sketch, there's the usual hysteria from the Israel lobby. Firstly, the Israelis would never harm civilians and secondly, these terrorists deserve everything they get. Plus outraged Christians and patriots and trolls. But there's also been a lot of support.'
'You said they'd fingered Ben and me. What's that about?'
Marteen gulped. 'Well, the first clip they uploaded broke off just before you freaked out but a later one caught the whole thing. There was some talk that the POL had driven you to a nervous breakdown. I thought it would be better to say it was just an extremely severe attack of toothache. Mo promised to stick to that story if it came up. I don't know what he said, I haven't watched it yet. I mean, I couldn't get hold of you. I had to think of something.' Marteen sounded flustered.
'Sure. Take it easy, Babe. So it was just a coincidence, was it? Hm.' Charlie looked at it. 'Perhaps the sudden noise made me clench my jaw and expose a nerve or burst an abcess. We'll try that. It's difficult to disprove, anyway. I see I've got a message from Dr. Pepper so I suppose the whole world knows by now.' Charlie sighed. 'I'm sorry to have dragged you into this shit, Ben. Do you think you'll face any repercussions?'
'I can't see how,' Marteen cautiously butted in. 'All the clip shows is Ben helping Charlie out of the room. Unless it was unwise of you to be there in the first place.'
'What, at a public concert?' Ben scoffed. 'Even the Biological Sciences faculty isn't that hidebound.'
'We live in panicky times,' said Charlie gravely. 'What if your bookcase is full of anti-Israeli books or your Google searches betray the slightest sympathy for terrorist causes? If you've ever been on a demo or signed a petition there's a file on you somewhere.'
'Well, it'll be a pretty thin one, if there is.' Ben smiled. 'I've always been much more interested in insects than in politics. Up until Iraq. When we attacked a country with no link whatever to 9/11, and moreover a country that was a negligible risk to us, I was furious. But once I saw that all the worldwide protests were completely ineffectual, I just got more cynical and went back to my bugs.'
'You mentioned a first clip,' Charlie remembered. 'What was the other one?'
'Another guy just kept recording but Jesus put out an edited version, leaving you out, to show how the act was supposed to go.'
'I'd like to see how it panned out.'
'Are you sure, Honeybun?'
'Yeah. Just keep the sound down and there'll be no problem.'
Marteen got out her laptop and they all crowded round. She muted the sound and began.
As a silent movie, the sketch acquired a new pathos and the final hat-swapping sequence was funny and hopeful if somewhat sinister. It was no sentimental cop-out.
'Dislikes' outnumbered 'likes' by about four to one.
Charlie, to everyone's relief, seemed pensive but unperturbed. It was no easy matter to change hats. Far from meaningless frippery, a hat could get you killed. Charlie had once met Chris Kyle, the celebrated sniper, who claimed to have killed 255 people in his military career. He was a fervent Christian with a Crusader's cross tattooed on his arm and was on record as saying: 'I hate the damned savages,' and 'I couldn't give a flying fuck about the Iraqis.' He also claimed to have shot looters in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
In person, he came across as a really nice guy, modest and helpful. Back in the US he'd been killed by a mentally disturbed vet he'd kindly taken to the rifle range for a day of therapeutic shooting.
Still, no denying he was a helluva fine shot. Charlie's own rifle prowess was mediocre although he had once hit a dime on a tree-trunk at a hundred paces, to impress Marteen. No scope, just a bead in a notch. Love had made his bullet fly true to the mark. He'd been more impressed than she had.
But when Chris Kyle boasted, to a rapt circle of men, of taking out a woman in a hijab, Charlie found himself walking away. That said, soldiers who wanted nothing more than to kill 'ragheads' were still preferable to those who justified their slaughter by the wish to bring to the heathen the message of the Prince of Peace.
'Did you record Mo's interview,' asked Charlie, back in the present.
'I think so. I was afraid to check in case I wiped it by accident.'
Some reassuring male scoffing scotched that notion.
'We'll watch it over coffee in the lounge,' Marteen decreed. 'Now, who's for some blueberry grunt?'
Half an hour later the bloated chums sprawled in spavined chairs while Charlie hunted for Mo by means of skipping, fast-forwarding, overshooting and backing up slowly till they reached the start of the interview. Sunday being a slow news day meant that the relief presenter, one Bob Cameron, was in the chair.
'Last night,' he read from his autocue, 'at a concert given in this city by the Prophets of Loss, a sketch was performed which has outraged opinion across the United States. One member of the audience was so disturbed by the performance that it triggered a seizure. He had to be helped from the hall. A clip on YouTube has attracted accusations of blasphemy and antisemitism and even treason. Here to answer these charges is Mr. Moses Weiler, a member of the band. Thank you for being here, sir.'
The camera took in Mo's costume in all its rhinestone glory along with his ludicrously outsize sombrero and a moustache which flourished over half his face.
'We are also pleased to be joined by Mr. Vince Mortimer, a prominent lawyer and deputy leader of the Los Angeles branch of Christians for Israel. Thank you for joining us, sir. What is your chief objection to this sketch?'
'Thank you for having me, Bob.' The lawyer wore a suit and tie and looked like a cleancut Mormon boy gone to seed. 'There is, unfortunately, no law against blasphemy per se but we do have laws re aiding and abetting terrorism which may be invoked. Personally I find the assertion that Israel has acted as an unprovoked aggressor to be not only utterly false but antisemitic. It may well be actionable.'
'What do you say to that, Mr. Weiler?'
Mo smiled. 'Freedom of speech hasn't yet been abolished. As the spokesman for the Prophets of Loss I would like to say that we have come up with ten commendments to explain our position. That's commendments, not commandments. Suggestions, that is, rather than the diktats ascribed to my namesake.'
Moses swept off his sombrero and placed it on his lap. 'Here they are.' He drew some bits of card from his pocket and put them in the hat. 'I will answer your questions by drawing them out at random, like so.'
He dipped a hand into his hat and came out with a card. 'Let's assume your first question is: does Israel attack the defenceless? The answer is the tenth commendment: "God is dead. Get over it already."' He let the card flutter to the floor.
'I didn't come here to participate in a circus.' Vince stood on his dignity. 'If there is to be no serious discussion of the issues I may as well go. Is there any point in my staying?'
Mo pulled out a card. 'Number five: "Don't let hocus-pocus choke us, focus." Well, that seems cogent enough. My friend Jesus was unconscionably proud of that one. Next question, please.'
'What about causing the mental collapse of a member of your audience?' asked Bob. 'I'm no lawyer but could that not be construed as mental cruelty?'
'That might be difficult to prove,' said Vince judiciously. 'Such cases usually involve extended periods of abuse. I would merely ask Mr. Weiler if he is so morally bankrupt that he feels no remorse.'
'Well, since the question doesn't relate directly to the meaning of our little satirical sketch, I won't consult the hat. So this is purely my own opinion. Unfortunately it will have to be entirely hypothetical as Charlie Culver was suffering from nothing more than a sudden excruciating toothache as he himself told me when we met up, entirely by chance, after the show.'
Good old Mo. Marteen was locked onto the screen, willing him on. Charlie's sigh of relief was cut short by a peremptory 'Sh!' from his wife. He rolled up his eyes and gave Ben a rueful grin. Women, eh?
'Mr. Culver,' Mo continued, 'said that the pain was unbearable but fortunately transient. He was back to normal when I saw him later as I'm sure the staff and customers at Romano's restaurant will be happy to confirm.'
'Let me ask you a straight question, Mr. Weiler.' Vince played his ace. 'Do you recognise Israel's right to exist?'
Moses frootled in his hat. 'The second commendment,' he announced. ' "Like it or not, Hamas was democratically elected." ' He gave a feral grin.
'Are you saying, Mr. Weiler, that you condone terrorism?' Bob Cameron smelt blood.
'Number four: "A wall imprisons both sides of the divide." '
'I didn't come here to play games,' said Vince grimly. 'It is obvious that Mr. Weiler is an enemy of both his own people and of our staunchest ally. There is freedom of speech and there is incitement. I hope he knows which side he's on.'
'So, Mr. Weiler,' Bob's tone turned nasty. 'Are you, in fact, an antisemite?'
'Why,' cried Mo in innocent delight, 'if it isn't Reuben Kramer.' (Mo had done his homework) 'Since when are you Bob Cameron, boychik? Don't you have an interest to declare? Nice touch that "Cameron" by the way. Do you know it means "hooknosed"? As for your question, I'll consult the hat. Ah. Number three: "Crazed crusaders dump on mad Muslims." That seems uncontentious. And for the record,' Mo was deadly serious, 'we deplore all terrorism, ours and theirs.'
'Except we are not terrorists'' Vince was getting nettled. 'Is this what passes for humour?'
Ben, Charlie and Marteen thought so, as did many others. In the few hours since transmission the interview had become cult viewing.
'Another question. "Hating the fascist Zionist state of Israel doesn't make you a bad Jew." That's the answer to the question before. Keep 'em coming, gents. I've got four more answers.'
'You think you're pretty smart, don't you?' Vince snarled.
'Number six: "A Christian, a Muslim and a Jew go into a bar. Nu?" '
'I refuse to play straight man to your clown.' Vince overrode Bob's attempt to seize control. 'Your flippant remarks are nothing but a cynical ploy to get a cheap laugh. You insult my deeply-held faith and the patriotism of all decent people. I gather that many of your upcoming concerts have been cancelled. I would urge all my Christian, Jewish and Muslim friends to oppose your noxious atheism by boycotting all your performances and so ensuring the disappearance of your sordid little group.'
Bob had been listening to the producer's voice in his ear. 'Mr. Mortimer, Vince, sir,' he interrupted, 'I appreciate the strength of your feelings but there are such things as the law of slander and I'm sure you wouldn't wish to say things you might later regret. Mr. Weiler,' he turned to Mo, 'would you call yourself a patriot?'
'Si senõr. You wan' I clean pool? Green card ees een my truck. Oho say can you see... But seriously, folks,' Mo cut the crap, 'the official response of the Prophets of Loss is: Ta-daa! The first commendment: "Israel is America's pit bull. Pity it's not house-trained." '
There was a moment's stunned silence.
'Wooee,' said Bob. 'The phonelines are hot already. Don't forget, folks, you can have your say right after this bulletin. Well, we're nearly out of time so, briefly, do you have any closing remarks, Mr. Weiler?'
'Two for the price of one. Number eight,' Mo held up a card. ' "Palestinians - at last Israelis  have Jews of their own to kick around." and number nine: "Israel has done to the Jews what Hitler never could - it's made them stupid." ' And Mo slumped back in his chair and placed his sombrero over his face.
A nervous titter escaped Bob. Vince's mouth dropped open and his pouchy eyes goggled.
'Mr. Mortimer?' Bob managed.
The lawyer collected himself. 'I would say that there is prima facie evidence of antisemitism and possible racism but in my view a prosecution would give too much importance to this scurrilous puerility. I would just let this so-called satire sink into the obscurity of the sewer.'
'Well, thank you, sir. Now here's Carlotta with the weather.'
Off.
'Wow,' Ben marvelled. 'What chutzpah! He trod on a few corns there. I thought his treatment of the toothache story was pretty convincing.'
'Let's hope it does the trick.' Charlie sounded despondent. Marteen and Ben exchanged a glance.
'I'd better get going,' said Ben uneagerly. 'I've got some essays to mark. We'll go fishing again soon huh Charlie?'
'Yeah. That'd be great. I really enjoyed today.' The enthusiasm was only a little forced.
'Bye, Ben.' Marteen canted forward for cheek kisses. 'Thanks for everything.'
'Thank you for that delicious supper. See you soon, buddy.'
A fistbump and he was off.
Online the shitstorm raged.

 21.

Next morning Jesus was fired. He arrived at work a little late, only to be met by two security guys who relieved him of his phone and marched him to the manager's office. As they passed by the striplit cubicles his colleagues were all ostensibly focused on their work apart from the odd fearful or gloating look from the corner of an eye. Only his pal Alan gave him a thumbs-up. Behind him the buzz started at once. The manager, Colonel Blundell, was stony-faced. 'I'm afraid, Mr. de Santiago, that your security clearance has been withdrawn. As of now, you are no longer employed at this facility. In lieu of notice you will receive one month's pay and your pension contributions will be returned in full.'
'Might I ask what this is all about?' Pro forma.
'I know no more about it than you, son. All I know is that if the CIA thinks you're a security risk I have to let you go. I did say that you were a good worker and that I'd had no occasion to doubt your loyalty.' The Colonel's tone softened a little. 'I'll give you a good reference, Jesus.'
'Thank you, Colonel.'
'Just one more thing.'
Natch.
'You'll have to sign a non-disclosure form which will prohibit you from talking about our work here. In perpetuity.'
'A gagging order?'
'Standard boilerplate.'
'Pity. I was thinking of suing for false dismissal or maybe writing something for the papers. People should know how their tax-dollars are spent. I don't know anything that could compromise the security of the state, but a general overview might be interesting.'
'Hm.' Blundell played the game. 'I have been authorised to disburse a small additional amount of money to compensate you for potential loss of income. Shall we say five thousand dollars?'
'Ten.'
'Six. My final offer.'
'OK.' Jesus shrugged. He took the proffered form, scanned it briefly and signed.
'I can't allow you to return to your desk,' the Colonel informed him. 'Your personal effects will be forwarded to you in due course. Please give me your passkey.'
Jesus handed over the plastic card which was ceremoniously snipped up with scissors, twice through the chip and once through his photo. Funny what a pang that gave him. The pieces were dropped into the incinerator bin.
Then Security, embodied in Caleb and Chuck, each took an arm and hustled him down the back stairs. Out of sight of officialdom they let go as hustle turned to saunter.
'Don't take it personal, Jesus,' Chuck said over his shoulder. 'We haveta like put on a show.'
'Sure, I know. Me too.' Jesus had once driven Chuck's sister Veronica to hospital when she'd cut her foot on a broken bottle.
'We dug that clip on YouTube,' Caleb horned in. 'Way you whacked that A-rab.' He chuckled fondly.
Yeh, right.
They walked him to his Prius and Chuck stood by him while Caleb checked out the vehicle's cavities for hard drives and memory sticks. He turned up a little bag of weed which he promised, with a wink, to destroy.
Jesus hummed out of the gate for the last time. Free. He'd better call Tracey. No, the bastards had his phone. Besides, she was at work. Work. Delayed shock took hold. All the hassle of finding another job loomed. Ugh. The joke was that he'd actually taken on working for the government out of a naive sense of civic duty. Now to sell his expertise to the highest bidder. He drove on past warehouses and diners and used-car lots. The palm trees looked frayed and dusty. Would the POL hit the big time, or would Hami and Mo just call it a day? The big question was why the CIA had pulled his security clearance. Did they seriously believe he had terrorist leanings on the basis of a dumb charade? It was too much of a coincidence not to be connected. Was it the long arm of the Israel lobby? A simple mistake? Guilt by association? Someone must have been telling lies about Joseph K... Or maybe it was just a random swipe, a chance to justify some of the billions spent on security by railroading the defenceless rather than tackle the big boys.
Jesus found himself driving out of the city and taking the mountain road leading to Mo's. Mo didn't work Mondays. He'd probably be at home.
Sister Rosetta Tharpe urged him on. Din't it rain, chillun? If only. Up in the hills one's horizons widened. The swelling chest and farseeing eye. Vegas festered on the plain below. 'Tawdry bawdry' came to mind. Jesus smiled, glad of a new rhyme. He was there. Mo's Mazda sportscar was in the drive. The door of the house opened as Jesus drew up.
'Perfect timing,' Mo greeted his friend. 'I've just made some fresh coffee and there's a tray of baklava crying out to be eaten.'
'Hi Mo. That sounds great.' Jesus grimaced. 'I've just been fired.'
'Seriously? Fuck. They tried to get me too, but realised it would cost them. And that was before they saw my interview. Cheaper to wait till my contract expires and just fail to renew it. It's only a matter of a couple of months. They actually got you?'
'Yup. Out on my keister, meester. They've got my phone and for all I know they're combing my apartment at this moment. Luckily my personal stuff's all encrypted and anyway there's nothing to find; but there's something deeply upsetting about my pretty flowers being trampled. What if they find my adolescent poetry? I'd never live that down.'
Mo smiled. 'Not even that one about using your rosary as a string of Japanese love beads to stick up your imaginary girlfriend's ass. Then pulled out, one at a time, to heighten the pleasure of imaginary sex.'
'Especially not that one.' Jesus smiled ruefully. 'I never did meet the girl of my dreams. Why I let you read them I'll never know. Now I'll have to kill you. I blame Aleister Crowley, although it might have been less to do with blasphemy than with thrift. Those love-beads are expensive. I already had a rosary.'
'Speaking of money, if you need a few shekels, just ask.'
'Thanks but I'm OK for the moment. They gave me six thousand bucks to shut up and go away. Sold my birthright for a mess of pottage. How's things on the antisemitism front?'
'Quiescent at the moment. In other news, there's a rumour that John Stewart wants us on the Daily Show. And CD sales have picked up. We'll have to burn another hundred soon. Also, Suzy says that those venues that haven't cancelled our concerts are selling out of tickets. Oh, and some Mexicans have attacked our Mariachi act for perpetuating out-of-date racial stereotypes.'
'I told you we should have gone with contemporary stereotypes. The druglord look. Gold chains, RayBans and Armani suits. At least we didn't go for Hami's nigger minstrel idea. Postmodern irony goes only so far. Ace baklava by the way.'
'Spiro's grandmother puts honey in the syrup. And she makes her own puff pastry, which is better than filo. I try to stick to one square a day but I look around and half the tray's gone.'
'It's eleven,' said Jesus. 'Tracey'll be on her tea break. Can I use your phone?'
'Of course. It's in the study.'
'I know.'
Jesus walked back to the cool, dim room built into the rock of the hillside. He picked up the lobster handset (Mo had a thing for Dali) and punched numbers.
'Hi Tracey.'
'Jesus! What's wrong?'
Two words and she'd picked up on the stress in his voice.
'Nothing. I'm up at Mo's. Everything's fine except I just got fired.'
'What? What for?'
'It's probably not unconnected to Israel. Anyway, they've revoked my security clearance and seized my phone. I just wanted to remind you to wipe anything you don't want made public and to back up the rest on that hard drive I got you. Keep it somewhere safe.'
Behind Jesus's calm facade lay the sharp shards of the morning's humiliations. The thought of CIA goons rifling his empty apartment filled him with impotent rage. He hadn't wanted to witness their desecration but the imagination was a thousand times worse. What could they find? His stash of tame porn, his Mr. Spock costume? Course they could just plant stuff on him from terrorist connections to drugs. Worse was that they might hassle Tracey or Jake. Jesus had been involved with the CIA long enough to know that no dirty trick was beneath them.  They wouldn't even have to hack into his encrypted files - a touch of light torture like waterboarding or letting slavering dogs lunge at his naked genitals would do the trick.
Maybe it wasn't Israel. Had Hami screwed up? What if the money Hami had given to his musical charity actually had wound up in Hamas's coffers? Of course almost any humanitarian aid to Gaza could be construed as aiding the enemy. Yay! We don't need to spend anything on schoolbooks or medicine. Let's buy us some rockets!
Tracey was still talking. Something about her coworkers avoiding her, being afraid to meet her eye. Could people really be so venal?
'Foock 'em all, chook,' Jesus advised her. 'Just don't forget to dump and wipe. That hard drive's very secure.'
'There's nothing to hide. It's all personal stuff of no interest to anyone else.'
'That's where you're wrong,' said Jesus soberly. 'Look what's happened to Charlie through no fault of his own. His whole life could be ruined by some asshole making an illegal video. I don't want them wrecking your life to get at me. Delete, delete, delete, that's my advice. Please.'
'OK. I'll see to it.' Tracey's bluntness was a tonic. 'Don't fret, Pet. Maybe the POL's day is at hand. Or you could work on that poetry-writing app you're always rabbiting on about. Do you want me to tell folk about your being sacked?'
'No, or, on second thoughts, yes. Maybe you could email Hami for me?'
'Will do. Anyway, me tea's getting cold. Love to Moses. I'll see you later.'
'Bye. Love you.'
The lobster settled with a plasticy clatter into its cradle. A lizard, lightly bearing a hundred million years of evolution in its slim frame sunned itself on the window-sill. Put his worries in perspective. He went back to Mo who was peering at the POL messageboard. The comments about his interview were mostly hostile but there were a few sharp rebuttals and some gushy fanmail. And one or two more thoughtful analyses.
Jesus had put up their spoof decalogue on the website immediately after Mo's interview and Suzy, their agent, had already been approached by a maker of hemp-fibre T-shirts with a proposed design of engraved stone tablets held up against a stormy sky. They'd consider it.
The more urgent question was what to do with Jesus.
'What now?' asked Mo. 'Or is it too soon to ask? How do you feel?'
'Excited, terrified and angry. I'm a pretty good hacker, if I say so myself. I could probably get a job in the private sector unless I've been blacklisted.'
'You could hack into your chain of command and see who got you canned. If there was any illegality involved you could probably appeal.'
'Oh no. I signed away my rights. And I'm not keen to tangle with the CIA. I mean, would it be  unreasonable to assume that our little sketch and my defenestration are connected?'
'Not while two and two make four.'
'Then the precise details are irrelevant. The point is: am I a liability to the POL?'
'Absolutely not. I reckon a good half of our fanbase suffers feelings of injustice and persecution. A martyr would only boost our appeal. And someone called Jesus is crying out to be crucified. Nominative determinism at its best. I'd give up my job at the casino tomorrow if I thought the POL was on its way. Luckily I still have my shares. Meanwhile, hold onto your hat. It's gonna be a bumpy ride. If this T-shirt thing takes off, we can make you Head of Marketing.'
'Whoa. Too much too fast.' Jesus threw up his hands. 'I think I need to coast awhile, see what's out there.' He shook his head. 'It's not losing the job that hurts but the impersonal contempt. Fuck that turning the other cheek crap - although a part of you feels you've let the team down. I know my worth but there are millions as good or better. It's that Wile E. Coyote moment when you've run off the cliff but haven't yet realised it. The doubletake. Feeeoooo...Splat! Maybe we can get a song out of it.'
Ping. An icon danced for joy.
'Email from Hami.' Mo brought it up.

Hi Guys, it read. Just had a text fr Tracey abt J. Bummer. I'll keep an eye out fr coding work. If you want to fight I know a shit-hot lawyer. Skype me when you've got a minute. Remember The Joke by Kundera? How we laughed.
Hami.

'Look, Hami's online now,' Mo pointed out. 'Shall we Skype him?'
'Sure. Hey, I'm not keeping you from your work am I?'
'No, I always take Mondays off. It's a relief to get away from legalised theft if only for one day.'
Call. Crr crr. Crr crr. Crr c –  Hami appeared onscreen. Hi Mo, hi Jesus. How's it feel to be a free man?'
'A bit scary to be honest. I'm not in search of honest (or more likely dishonest) work right now. I'd be happy to devote myself to getting the POL into the big time. We can use this bit of exposure to get ourselves out there.'
'Chances are we'll crash and burn,' said Moses sanely, 'but we'll hate ourselves if we don't try.'
'Hey, you gotta feel lucky sometimes. This could be the break we've been waiting for.' Mohammed Aziz's Iranian features pixellated briefly as a CIA recorder cut in. 'If three outcasts from their own communities can't get together and stick it to the man, what hope is there? A sort of Unholy Trinity.'
'I call Father,' said Mo.
'Son.' Hami jumped in.
'Alright already. I'll be the Unholy Ghost.'
'Holy, holey, wholly,' said Hami, 'or sacred, full of holes and complete. I'll be in charge of homonyms. Hami and his Houyhnhnm Homonyms. Horse and hoarse.'
'I see a pink six legged pantomime horse chasing its tail,' said Jesus. 'Choreography could be tricky. Let's think about it for next time. Meanwhile I'll amend my bio on the website. The Colonel offered me a good reference so I don't want to blow it. I'll say I was found surplus to requirements and parted amicably from my employers. That should start a few conspiracies going.'
'Course and coarse,' Hami continued.
'And corse. As in "his corse to the rampart we hurried",' improved Jesus.
'Anyway, got to go,' Hami. 'I've got to iron out some glitches in the payroll software.'
'We'll think of you,' said Mo considerately, 'as we lie in the pool drinking margaritas and listening to Lester Young.'
'As Ogden Nash said, "it doesn't matter that your brow sweated yesterday and the day before, you've got to go and get it moist again right now." Farewell, old fruit.' Jesus waved a languid hand.
'Fry in Hell,' responded Hami cordially, and went. His image was replaced by part of an article on statistics.
Statistics, to Jesus, were as obscure and unsatisfactory as quantum physics but Mo was a pig in clover. When he said the POL would probably crash and burn he was relying on decades of showbiz data. On the other hand, to quote Fats Waller: 'One never knows, do one?'
The landline rang. Mo tramped through and got it while Jesus drifted off in search of more coffee. From the kitchen window he could look down on Vegas, smug in its smog. A crow skimmed by and the idle thought that Vegas could be obliterated by a dozen drones crossed his mind. Since his talk with Charlie these monsters had become more real. Living under constant surveillance evoked the thought of bored gods hurling the odd thunderbolt to relieve their ennui. Except now they targeted your phone. Kundera said that a sign of tyranny was that rulers wanted the lives of their subjects to be completely transparent while their own were totally opaque. Jesus thought of the few times he had clicked on fundamentalist websites just to see what drove these people. That  would be pie for the security services. He'd also once clicked on a paedophile network, and for weeks afterwards his inbox was bombarded by links to a sickening world of horror and cruelty. No thanks. We get enough of that at home. Much diligent deletion and a new spam filter eventually sorted the problem, but the traces were there if you knew how to look.
He smiled grimly at the thought that if they targeted his phone right now they'd blow up his old workplace. No, the best defence for himself and his friends was for the POL to become too famous to be pushed around.
Enter Mo with a jug of margaritas and a cantaloupe melon. 'Owoo,' he howled. 'Canteloupe - song of the wolf.'
'Ow woo...den i' be luverly,' Jesus My Fair Lady'd. That musical had been a favourite of his grandmother's.
Soon they were floating in inflatable armchairs on the shady side of the pool while Prez and the Count swung like there was no tomorrow.
When the CD ended there was no move to replace it.
Jesus remembered some juvenilia set to the Mexican Hat Dance.

In Calcutta she clutters the gutter, he sang
If you glut her with butter she'll mutter:
I'm a slut" - a quick flutter you rut her
And you leave with a fond parting pat.

'That should placate our many feminist detractors.' Mo smiled wryly.
'There's more. I call it Around the World in Eighty Girls.'

In Salerno you burn - oh inferno
And you yearn-oh for her - no demur, no
But she spurns yo' return with a gurn-oh
So grease up the ass of the cat.

Pensacola they tole ya of Lola
Enfold her and mould her and pole her...

'Here you are.' Tracey broke in on them. 'No-one answered the doorbell so I came through the garden.'
'Trace. Good to see you,' cried Mo. 'Have a margarita.'
'No, ta. I'd better not. I have to pick up Jake later.'
'I thought you were at work.' Jesus was alarmed. 'Don't tell me they fired you too.'
'Don't be daft. There wasn't much on at the lab so I took one of me half-days in lieu.'
'Phew, that's a relief. I'm feeling a bit fragile at the moment. Nothing would surprise me.'
'Well, I'm fine. Carry on with your mucky song. I'll just dangle me feet in the water.'
'If you fancy a skinny-dip I can poke out Mo's eyes,' offered her lover.
'Thanks. That's such a sweet thought,' saccharined Tracey. 'Actually I've got my cozzie in the car but I'm not up to that whole undressing and dressing palaver.' She slid her feet out of her calfskin loafers, rolled up her trousers, snared a towel to sit on and sat. 'Ooh, that's blissful.' The little toes on her small, shapely feet wiggled in the water. Splashes sizzled on the hot stone.
Mo slid into the water, took a couple of breaststrokes and gained the steps. He hauled his pudgy frame onto dry land and began to talk food. Did Tracey want some coffee and baklava? Otherwise, he had a frozen moussaka and he could throw together a salad in ten minutes. No, no, he needed no help. He was sure the two of them wanted to talk. He padded, still dripping, into the house.
Jesus sculled over to Tracey and rested his head on her thigh. For a minute time stood still as she stroked his hair, then his ear began to get hot and a damp patch appeared under his cheek. He detached himself and smiled up at her.
A black wedge of fighter-plane flew by at eye level, swiping a shadow across them and dragging a long tail of subsonic roar.
'Bloody hell!' Tracey flinched. 'Why do I find those things so not reassuring?'
'They're built for war is why. The military-industrial complex Ike warned us about needs war for profit. Maybe I should go into software hacking. Modern fighters are built to be unstable - if their onboard computers stop microcorrecting the flight for one second the thing will spiral out of control. If I were al-Qaeda I would...' Jesus broke off. 'Have you got your phone on you?'
'Yes, but I think it's turned off.'
Jesus laughed mirthlessly. 'Pass it over.' He held out his hand, swivelled and put the offending article in the poolside fridge. 'There, that's better. It won't hurt it and it shouldn't pick up anything in there. Now we can talk. It's child's play to rig a phone so that you can never turn it off. The mike and camera can be remotely activated so they can listen in whenever they want. I think it's extremely unlikely they've infected your phone but I'm feeling a teensy bit paranoid. The point is that I do actually know quite a lot of sensitive stuff, some legally, some less so. You can't open a computer without seeing at least some of what's inside. I have lots of dirt on the War on Drugs, say, but if I embarrassed anyone important they'd hang me out to dry in a trice. The joke is that most of what I know has come from my extended Colombian family, lots of whom were involved in the war on both sides. What I found online is easily available to anyone.'
'So, if you were al-Qaeda, you'd do what?'
'I'd throw everything at gaining control of the internet. Burrow deep into the military, the banks, the markets. You could bring the country down overnight. Planes would fall from the sky like confetti, the lights would go off, cities would be gridlocked... You've seen it in the movies. I daresay they've thought of it themselves, but luckily it's not that easily done. Boneheaded fundamentalists. When I found out the Taliban had banned music, that was it. As Nietzsche said, without music life would be a mistake.'
'Speaking of which, what happened to Lola from Pensacola?
'I left with a case of the clap. I won't bore you with Nantucket and Sri Lanka for now.'
'I know a rhyme for Lanka.' Tracey smiled tartly. 'Seriously, Love, what will you do for money?'
'Well, I've got enough to coast for a while. I'd like to make the POL famous. You can be our first groupie.'
'Well whoop-de- doo,' said Tracey sourly. 'I've always really fancied being shagged senseless by the entire crew in the back of a van.'
'I think you have too rosy a view of life on the road,' smiled Jesus. 'It'll be more like sharing the driving of the old Prius (or Pious as Hami so drolly refers to it) and the continual sewing on of braid and sequins. Plus you get to sleep mostly with me.'
Tracey stuck out her tongue just as Mo appeared, to announce lunch. He shot up his eyebrows, she laughed and Jesus heaved himself out of the pool.

 22.

Charlie's day was not too bad. Although all his colleagues had seen the clip of his collapse, his calm and smiling appearance and his account of agonising toothache were provisionally accepted. A masterstroke was his offer to let them see his gum where the abcess had burst through - an offer universally declined. Online interpretations of Charlie's behaviour and motivations sparked and fizzed.
Marteen passed her shift hidden in the back room of the library so that the red, purple and blue of her bruised cheek would not excite comment. All the library staff, too, had seen the fatal YouTube clip and all agreed that Marteen's slap in the face had been purely accidental.
Esther offered sympathy and arnica and if she hinted that Charlie's agony was, at least in part, a pro-Israeli reaction, Marteen did not disabuse her of the idea. Oy veh.
'It looks much worse than it is,' she told Bruce later. 'The trouble is Charlie's really strong. Even that flick of the wrist had muscle behind it.' Marteen remembered once repeatedly taunting Charlie to hit her and the strength of his eventual halfhearted punch on the arm had thrilled and amazed her. It also hurt like hell.
'What did you have in your hand?' she'd screamed at him.
'Nothing,' he'd said, honestly puzzled, opening his fists for her to see.
A minute later they were kissing. Marteen hugged the throbbing pain to herself in secret glee.
This ugly bruise on her face was something else entirely. Much worse was to come.
The Publicity Director of a local charity for abused women, Aurora Haven, had seen the clip and had screen-grabbed the moment of impact. With judicious cropping and rotation the image became that of a backhander from above on the upward looking face of a woman. Despite the crudeness of the chain of reproductive techniques that culminated in the final poster, Marteen's face was immediately recognisable. It was a mistake for an enthusiastic volunteer for said charity to put up said poster on the library's bulletin board; but I anticipate.
We'll leave Marteen diligently inputting a backlog of card-files into the system while thinking of Charlie and Tracey and Ben.
While the YouTube clip which included Charlie's ejection from the hall continued to proliferate online, uptake of Jesus's version of sketch sans Charlie was dropping like a stone.
Mo's TV interview, on the other hand, got a big boost when it ran a snippet of him saying: 'Israel has done to the Jews what Hitler never could - it has made them stupid.'
This provoked screams of hatred on Twitter and was soon trending. A lively debate ensued in which there was more heat than light: What about the host of Israeli prize winners in every field, huh? Doctors, physicists, artists of every stripe. Did that sound like a stupid nation, huh? Huh. Huh.
Diff between cleverness and wisdom, asshole. Stupid is thinking you can hold down the Palestinians for ever with world opinion increasingly against you.
Etc.
Hugh, hating himself, had become obsessed with Mo and followed him on Twitter.
Which of the six common meanings of stupid, the philologist mused, was meant? And putting Hitler and Jews in the same sentence was in atrocious taste. The very word 'Jews' jarred. These days, children of the shtetl were referred to as Jewish People while Christians, Muslims and Hindus were not similarly sanitised.
What disturbed Hugh most of all, however, was Mo's chutzpah. He could see how this romantic throwing down of the gauntlet would appeal to Jenny in a way his sober deliberations never could. Hugh ached to be able to cut a dash, but knew he'd never dare. He even quite liked Mo and had to admit that the fellow was musically gifted. He remembered one oboe solo with Mo on gamba. Hugh had stuck, as always, to strict time, but Mo's subtle rubato in the continuo really made the oboe line fly. Amid the congratulations he felt like a fraud. He knew it was down to Mo and Jenny knew it too...  She'd been very sweet and submissive lately. She'd even offered to go with him on a philological holiday to Iceland provided they could throw in a few glaciers and volcanoes.
Hugh scrolled down. There was a link to The Ten Commendments. Commendments! Ugh. Messing with language was no joke. Click. He read the list with distaste. Mocking religion made him bristle but as he slowly read through the screed twice, he had to admit that there were a couple of reasonable points. Hamas, for instance, had indeed been democratically elected. Hugh's church had sponsored a group of Palestinian Christians on a visit to the US and they had admitted to voting for Hamas as a more credible opponent of the Zionists than Fatah. They'd also seemed, at least initially, more efficient and less corrupt. As Christians they prayed for peace and for a two-state solution. No-one was seriously talking of driving the Jews into the sea. They would answer to God for their crimes.
Hugh's knowledge of Aramaic and a smattering of Arabic let him listen in on their guests when they spoke among themselves. He found them to be sincere in what they said about a hunger for peace and normality but far more scathing about America's role than they let on to their hosts. The US, they said, could bring peace with a snap of its fingers. The fact that it backed Israel meant that Palestinian lives were worthless and Israel was free to continue its oppression and creeping theft of the land.
A bell rang. Hugh squared up his notes on the etymology of medical terms and went off to give a lecture.

 23.

In North Waziristan a Predator drone circled a mountain pass which had been fingered as a weapons-smuggling route. Charlie was bored.  Alone of his team he had not seen the online footage of his collapse. Marteen had dissuaded him. That and a reluctance to spend one second more than his stipulated time in staring at screens. The Major had brought forward Charlie's mental health check with Dr. Pepper to that very afternoon. Charlie understood that not taking up the offer was not an option. He knew that he had no hope of fobbing her off with a story about a toothache but he felt a dull urge to get it over with. The aircon whooshed and rattled. He lost himself in a fishing magazine with an odd glance at the screen to make sure his drone wasn't headed for a mountain. His back ached and a drowsy numbness pained his sense. The pass was sunk in shadow. The only hope of seeing something was in the sunny patches. Bit of a headwind. Fuel running low. Charlie did one more sweep then headed back to base.
Three-thirty found him sitting in Dr. Pepper's old armchair drinking iced tea and telling her about his 'episode'.
'It was the earsplitting noise that got to me, Doc. It was a purely physical thing. I was in agony like my nerves were on fire. But it passed quickly. Afterwards it was the feeling of relief like when a boil bursts. Next day I went fishing with a friend and had a real good time. Marteen came up with the toothache story and I went along with it to cut the speculation. Now I feel back to normal. Mildly depressed, same as usual.'
'And have you had these transitory episodes before?' Cool, professional. One hand pecking, from time to time, at a keyboard.
'No, never,' Charlie lied. 'Well, once I burst out crying for no reason but that's all. I don't feel crazy.'
'You're not crazy. Are you sleeping well, Charlie?'
'Not too bad. As I'm sure you know, shift work plays merry hell with the circadian rhythms.'
'Indeed.' An amused little smile.
'One thing,' Charlie hesitated, 'is when I'm lying in the dark I sometimes imagine a rifle being cocked. It's an old squirrel rifle I had as a boy. A twenty-two. My uncle gave it to me. I can still feel the walnut stock. I pull back the bolt and a bullet snicks into the breech. I push the bolt forward and lock it down. The pin's cocked, ready to fire. That's all. I don't point it at anyone or squeeze the trigger but it helps to calm me down as I drift off to sleep.'
'Well, it might be partly sexual although, as Freud said, sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Or it may be tied up with childhood memories. Did you like your uncle?'
'As a kid, he was my hero. I worshipped him.'
'Well, that's worth exploring sometime. I see that last time we met you were complaining of a reduced libido. How would you describe your current marital relations?'
'Much better.' True. They'd got it up to twice a week before a nasty bout of cystitis had intervened. Marteen's cunt had morphed from a devouring maw into a nest, a place where his most vulnerable parts were warm and safe. Sex as balm, not conquest.
2013 had been a quiet year, so far, for drone strikes. Charlie had seen no action since the cicadas drove him from Hog Wallow. He had calmed down some, but his collapse showed that his imperturbable air hid a panicky core.
Could he, Dr. Pepper wondered, turn the drone on his own side or wantonly blast a crowd of civilians? Most unlikely. Charlie truly loved our boys and his drone-operator ability to find IEDs and spot potential ambushes had undoubtedly saved lives. War, Dr. Pepper knew, was hell but surely 'surgical precision' with its limited collateral damage was better than mass slaughter. Perhaps Charlie would be happier if he could see drone-strikes as simply the 'bug splats' of common military parlance. But that would be to crush his conscience and she couldn't bring herself to do that.
Charlie got on fairly well with the Afghani side of the operation. When one of his pals was on he snapped out of his moodiness and engaged. There was no doubt that soldiers appreciated their watchful buddy but they also resented the fact that while his eye was in the sky his ass was nice and safe back in Nevada. Charlie had once figured out that of all the casualties he'd known personally, almost three quarters had died from 'friendly fire' i.e. accidents by their own side.
Dr. Pepper was talking: 'I think that your mental health has improved on the whole but you may still be susceptible to sudden shocks. I'll write you a prescription for some beta-blockers and I'd like you to take one anytime you're feeling particularly stressed. They are not anti-depressants and there is no history of addiction. They work by reducing the heartbeat and lowering adrenaline levels. They don't affect the motor functions and will have no effect on your job. Many surgeons and musicians use them from time to time. We're also running a trial using Yoga to reduce stress. It's free, every Friday in the gym. Perhaps you'd like to give it a try.'
'Yeah, why not? OK, I will. Thanks for all your help, Doc.'
'My pleasure. It was nice to see you, Charlie. By the way, if I were you I'd keep off social media for the time being. There's a lot of ignorant spite out there which can be very hurtful. On the other hand, to quote an actress who claimed she never read her reviews, "there are always friends." '
 A complicit glance. A teehee. A chortle.
Charlie liked Dr. Pepper. There was a human being in there and even a faint sexual frisson. She respected and liked as well as pitied him. She understood, she empathised. And she had a sense of fun.
Still, this was, he knew, a sanity hearing. Only the right kinds of madmen got to handle Predators and Reapers halfway across the world. The cocked rifle, the trigger finger. Obvious where  that came from. How had he not seen it? He burned with shame. Dr. Pepper hadn't even bothered to point it out. Why couldn't he transfer his love of Uncle Hank to Uncle Sam, his carefree shooting of squirrels to the bombing of tribesmen? No, it wasn't at all the same. Where was the smell of leafmould, the feel of the little warm body killed with one clean shot to the head, the beauty of the pelt, the cuteness of the paws? Once five of them had camped in the woods for a week. Uncle Hank had kept a 'hunters' pot' going day and night. All kills were cleaned and thrown in to be retrieved when hours of simmering had rendered them finally chewable. Charlie had never known more delicious food. A week had given the glutinous stock a depth of colour and flavour that could still make his mouth water nigh on a quarter of a century later. 'Nigh on' was one of Uncle Hank's favourite archaisms. Others were 'jumpin' Jehosophat' and 'heebie-jeebies'. Hank was a tobacco farmer as well as a bachelor, a drinker, a dancer, a womaniser and a smoker of small cheroots. The hunting party comprised two adults and three boys. Hank and his boyhood friend Lemmy shared one tent and prodigious quantities of bourbon while Charlie, his older brother Andy and his cousin Eldred shared the other and passed the time telling tall tales and furtively masturbating. Charlie, at eleven, was the youngest. Hank had been quite a skilled taxidermist. A tableau of stuffed frogs and squirrels playing in an oompah band had won first prize at a state show. He had a box full of glass eyes from owls to weasels - all things of beauty. Charlie still had a few salted squirrel skins that had never been used.
Lemmy had always been a bit of a Mama's boy who had wound up as an auditor at a New York bank. The boys scorned this wimp who'd flown in straight from a business meeting but by the next morning this darksuited, bespectacled sissy was transformed into a lounging, unshaven hunter. Turned out he could outshoot and outdrink and outcuss Hank although Hank could take him at poker or mumblety-peg.
It seemed a thousand years ago. Dr. Pepper would be submitting her report later that afternoon and she'd implied he had nothing to worry about. Still, if the Major wanted him out a pretext could easily be found. But Dr. Pepper had said beta-blockers wouldn't affect his work so presumably he'd have work not to be affected. Of course he would be monitored even more closely so he couldn't afford to screw up. Would the beta-blockers turn him into a zombie? Charlie was no stranger to drugs. Uppers, downers, marijuana, peyote, coke, ecstasy - he'd tried them all and had been cheered, frightened and depressed depending on the circumstances.
He headed for home, stopping only to fill his prescription (Christalmighty! Twenty-seven bucks!). Marteen wasn't due home for an hour yet. Time for a nap and a cold shower. He kept his phone turned off despite a desperate itch to know the worst. He parked the Jeep round the corner from his apartment. Was it his imagination or did a couple of slack-jawed gookers clock him?
In the lobby he was accosted by a young woman with a microphone. A cameraman lurked behind her.
'Mr. Culyer! sir! May I have a word on behalf of our viewers?'
'It's Culver, actually. And I have nothing to say to the media.'
'Have you stopped beating your wife?' Another girl, fierce-eyed and truculent. Ripped jeans and a Rebel Yell T-shirt.
Charlie looked at her steadily for a moment then smiled tolerantly at her fizzing fury. He turned. The stairs were blocked by a chubby middleaged man who looked, despite designer glasses and fashionable stubble, like a slob. He grabbed Charlie's sleeve. 'Listen, pal, it's good to have friends in the press. I'm with the Recorder. Give us an exclusive and I'll get these other hyaenas off your back.'
'Let me past, please,' said Charlie icily. 'This is private property. Leave now or I'll call the police.'
He brushed past his tormenter and walked briskly upstairs pursued by yapping questions.
The apartment was stifling. Charlie threw open all the windows and watched as the ghouls emerged from the building. Three went to sit in a parked car with a view of the entrance while Fatso vanished into the gas-station shop only to emerge in a couple of minutes with a pork pie and a can of Coke. He plonked himself on a couple of crates and settled down to wait. Damn and double damn. Charlie had to phone Marteen. She'd be on the bus by now. As he stood scowling by the window he spotted a long lens poking out of the car window and drew back, too late, out of sight.
'Marteen. Glad I got you... No, nothing's wrong. It's just that a couple of reporters are hanging around outside here and I guess they're waiting for you... No, I told them I had nothing to say except if they didn't get out of the lobby I'd call the cops. One girl even asked if I'd stopped beating my wife... OK, here's what we'll do. Luckily I parked the car round the corner so we should be able to get up and down the fire-escape unseen. Get off one stop early and I'll meet you in that StarBucks in Barratt Street... Sure. Love ya.'
Charlie left the windows open. Let the valiant press corps keep an eye out for burglars while they thought he was still inside. The fire-escape at the rear of the building led down to a little yard full of malodorous trashcans and half a rusting motorbike. Charlie climbed out of the kitchen window and onto the rickety structure with its halfhearted attachment to the wall. Down and out, through a little alley, avoiding the puddles of pee and puke. He cautiously scanned the street but saw no sign of his pursuers. Just in case, he set off in the wrong direction and made a few sudden turns until he was sure no-one was following. What he needed was an identical car - a decoy parked in an underpass awaiting his arrival to draw his enemies astray. Terrorists must surely have thought of that ploy. One dusty Toyota pickup was so much like another. Fake plates were pie. A-team stuff.
He found Marteen in a poetical pose, standing by a pillar, with one elbow on a shelf and her head resting in a cupped palm.
'Hiya Lover,' she languidly greeted him, 'I got you an Americano.'
'Thanks Doll.' He took a cup off the shelf which encircled the pillar. 'We should drink these and go. How's the cheek?'
Marteen slid aside her hand giving him a glimpse of crushed tissue livid with stagnant blood.
Hoo boy. Quick glance around. No-one else seemed to have noticed. Exposed on the bus she had awakened little interest. Bruised women were far from uncommon in that part of town.
Marteen was reminded of a lilting Victorian music-hall number her grandma used to sing:

Two lovely black eyes
Oh! what a surprise
Simply for telling a man he was wrong
Two lovely black eyes.

She patted Charlie's hand. 'Don't look so stricken. It's just superficial.' She poured the last of her Cappuccino down her throat, while Charlie finished his own tepid brew in three large gulps.
Marteen pretended to dab at her eye with a Kleenex as they made for the door. CCTV recorded their comings and goings without prejudice.
Back to the Jeep and its smell of hot plastic and gasoline and dust.
'Now what?' Charlie demanded. 'I reckon we could smuggle you back into the apartment unseen but you'd have to stay there until you're back to normal. Or we could just face the press and get it over with.'
'Or I could get a burka. Publicity is out. I don't want anyone to see me looking like this. Bruce  says it'll take a week or so to fade. He once had a violent boyfriend so he knows whereof he speaks. The colours go red, blue, purple, green, yellow if I remember right. I could cover it with makeup but why should I? Then people will ask what I'm trying to hide. Bruce says he used so much pancake that he looked like Tammy Bakker. I knew this journalist once. When I asked him what he did, he said he destroyed lives. He was pretty drunk at the time but there's no question he meant it.' A flash of anger. 'Why should these people be able to hound me from my home?'
'It might just be a couple of days until they lose interest. But we'll have to keep the blinds down. One image and the whole thing could start up again. No peeking out of a window or answering the phone or the door or going up on the roof. I can just ignore them as I come and go - not that that will stop them making up lies - but I think responding would be a mistake. Dr. Pepper advised me to steer clear of social media for a while.'
'Good idea. So, how are we going to sneak me in?'
'Well, I came down the fire-escape and through that little alley that comes out by Julio's. Let's hope the reptiles of the press haven't cottoned onto that. They probably think I'm still in there and are waiting for you to arrive.'
'Let's try it.'
The traffic was thickening. Charlie slid into the sluggish flow and in thirty-five minutes they were home. Charlie found a parking-space in back of the building and soon they were scooting decorously through the alley, up the rickety iron steps and in through the window. Marteen found herself giggling with excitement. Charlie walked about openly but Marteen had to crawl on hands and knees past the front window.
Charlie looked out. The car with the three youngsters was still there but the older guy had vanished. Marteen retreated to the bedroom and fired up her laptop. She couldn't not know. It was like tearing off a snagging toenail despite the sick certainty that it would veer into the quick bringing pain and even a little blood. A mixture of apprehension and urgent desire. What were they saying about her? Was that clip still trending? What was on Facebook?
Perhaps Esther would let her work from home. Charlie could pick up some files for her. God, it was hot!
The doorbell rang. And again. Knuckles rapped. Another ring.
Charlie looked through the spyhole and turned away. There was a clack as something was pushed through the letter-slot and then the clatter of feet on the stairs. Charlie picked up the card and slung it unread into the trash. He stood a high-backed chair on the mat so no-one could look through said slot. Standing beside the window he saw the three cub reporters pile into their car and go. Well, that was Monday dead and buried. The storefront across the street was reflecting the Technicolor sunset straight into the room, battering them with heat. He closed the windows, rolled down the blinds and turned on the aircon.
The landline phone clamoured for ages before switching to message mode. A stranger spoke: 'Good evening, Mr. Culyer. My name is Harvey Mustell. I am an accredited lawyer specialising in personal injury claims. I work on a no-win no-fee basis and I think you have a strong claim against the Prophets of Loss in respect of causing you profound psychological distress...'
Charlie stuck his fingers in his ears until the message had ended then unplugged the phone. It was obvious that the mental breakdown scenario still had a lot of traction.
It was suddenly unbearably close despite the aircon's chilling blast. Sweat ran from his forehead and stung his eyes. Was this a good time for a beta-blocker? Nah. At almost a buck a time he'd save them till they were really needed. Deep breath. OK. Burritos and beer called.
Marteen, online, was similarly glum. Ettore, the old waiter from Romano's, had popped up on the local news. Si he remembered Charlie. He'd seemed quiet and well-behaved. He'd had the osso buco. He'd seen no sign of toothache but he'd been busy as the restaurant had been crowded...
Another link took her to a counter-narrative. Apparently Charlie was not insane but obviously in the throes of a bad trip. Which drugs were involved was moot as was the suggestion that they'd been cut with some toxic chemical.
The question of whether a drug-user should be flying a drone hadn't yet come up but it was only a matter of time.
Meanwhile the messageboard had turned into a macho display of who'd had the worst freakout.
One hero talked of a mixture of cocaine, Mandrax and skunk which had led to a near-death experience when raging paranoia had led the writer to crawl into a hole, unfortunately occupied by a porcupine. In the resulting fracas the burrow collapsed and he'd been almost suffocated while stuck all over with quills.
Occupied by a porcupine, Marteen mused. Was that the same as being porcupied by an occupine? Enough.	
She clicked on Hami's blog. Noted without prejudice.
Hi peeps, it opened. My friend and musical compadre Mr. Jesus de Santiago has just been fired from his frankly crummy job of hacking into stuff for the CIA, due to his security clearance having been revoked. No reason was given and Jesus has signed a gagging order. One needn't be a conspiracy theorist to wonder if his defenestration had anything to do with our little contribution to the Israel/Palestine peace process. If so, is free speech now a crime? Does pointing out blatant truths make one a traitor? In any case the CIA's loss is the POL's gain. We look forward to a cornucopia of new lyrics from his fertile pen. By the way, for each cancelled concert, we have, as of this date, 1.857142857 new bookings across the country. Yes, folks. The Prophets of Loss are coming to a venue near you (disclaimer: may not be near you) soon (may not be soon). See the website for details. Thanks for all your messages. I suppose hanging could count as support but drawing and quartering is going a bit far.
In other news, some of our fans want to form a dating agency for all faiths and especially none. Trouble is atheism is not a coherent set of ideas but is simply a rejection of belief in a god or gods. We come in all shapes and sizes, rich and poor, wise and stupid and so on. POL fans, on the other hand, are uniformly intelligent and comely and possessed of a GSOH. Organise yourselves into a fuckclub by all means. How about calling it Stott and Hickey? My Spoonerism of the week.

Marteen went back to her trawling.
Meanwhile, in a basement in the Vegas suburb of Paradise, a committed young feminist and member of Aurora Haven was printing off a hundred posters about the plight of abused women featuring Marteen's face at the point of impact. The slap pulled back her cheek in a series of ripples, closing one eye and baring her teeth.
Back in not-paradise Marteen gingerly felt her bruise and tried some (ouch) gentle massage. A new conspiracy theory had appeared. The fact that Charlie and the POL had met up at Romano's was proof positive that the whole thing was a cheap and disgusting publicity stunt. Atheists had no moral compass... All wars started by religion... Tobacco companies... Cruel hoax... Litigation... Litigation...
Marteen remembered the travelling exhibition of historical punishments hosted by the library. The pillory had been popular with schoolkids eager to clamp each other's heads and hands in the thing. The idea that it was a jokey humiliation rather than a serious punishment was, however, false. Rotten fruit was indeed thrown but also stones, clay, dung. Many victims died. The lucky ones merely had noses broken, teeth knocked out or were blinded in one or both eyes. These days sticks and stones are passé. We use words and lies to drive people to suicide. Endemic bullying in the military was child's play in comparison. Charlie had been on both sides of the bullying line and it had left a bad taste in his mouth.
Out in the kitchen he was thinking surveillance. Contact mikes, telephoto lenses, parabolic reflectors, miniature drones, wi-fi intercepts. The only hope was that this low-grade harassment wasn't worth spending money on.
Ping! The burritos were ready. Charlie got a tray with two plates and a couple of ice-cold beers. Electric light feebly contended with the sunlight which filtered through the drawn blinds.
Outside, traffic whined and snarled. Drum 'n Bass thumped from downstairs. Marteen could watch something mindless on the TV, thought Charlie, as long as there wasn't too much violence. This wasn't easy. Cop shows shot in gritty grey and blue were increasingly gruesome and sadistic. Ditto news coverage of atrocities and even video games. Cruelty on TV shows, not long since decried as Japanese savagery, was now de rigeur. Public taste, that jaded voluptuary, needed ever-stronger stimuli to titillate it.
Charlie was tired. He found a tub of slaw in the fridge and put it on the tray. They watched a lacklustre ballgame (that is, Marteen watched and Charlie listened).
Online, their lives continued to be picked apart.

 24.

The Prophets of Loss and Tracey sat in Mo's garden. They had eaten of barbecued meats and of salads and had drunk beer and wine. The sun had gone down. A joint was slowly circulating.
Jesus was holding forth on surveillance: 'The problem is that we're wasting billions watching everyone all the time on the pretext of looking for terrorists even though it's ridiculously inefficient. It's not lack of information - it's too much of the damned stuff. No matter how sophisticated the filters, we're drowning in false positives. Our few real successes have come about through old fashioned tipoffs and traitors and spies. But there's way too much funding tied up in this crap to let it go. I wonder how many of these plots they've allegedly foiled have any basis in reality? Meanwhile, any terrorist worth his salt is on Tor.'
'Perhaps the whole terrorist thing is a blind,' said Hami. 'The real idea is to control the people. What did Dick Cheney say about how even a one percent chance had to be quashed?'
'I remember that,' said Mo. 'He said that if there was even a one percent chance that Pakistani scientists were helping al-Qaeda build a nuclear bomb, we had to treat it as a certainty.'
'I see,' said Tracey sarcastically, 'we just have to eliminate everyone in any way sympathetic to terrorism and the problem will be solved. Lucky we have the right to bear arms. Meanwhile, ten years on from the invasion of Iraq, the situation is worse than ever. Sorry to rant, but I do get carried away.'
Far below on the plain Vegas festered and throbbed.
'As for surveillance,' Tracey resumed, 'in the UK violent crime is down, we have the densest CCTV coverage in the world and yet people have never felt less safe.'
'Yup. The Panopticon society.' Hami took a deep toke. 'Jeremy Bentham's idea was for a circular prison where a guard at the centre could see into every cell. It wasn't so much that he watched you all the time as that he could do so whenever he wanted. The other idea was solitary confinement to stop the corrupting influence of other prisoners. Unfortunately this often led to madness.'
'So,' Jesus grinned demonically, 'how do we turn this into comedy gold? Given that the true reason for all this intrusion is to control the masses, how about a ventriloquist's dummy? I'm forever glowing guggles...' he groke into song.
"Yeah, the dummy could be Obama, sitting on Daddy Warbucks's knee.' Mo smiled at the image. 'Don't see how it ties in with Big Brother, though.'
'We could pick an audience member and just hold the camera on them all evening.' Hami shrugged. 'Mike them up too. See what sort of vibe that generates.'
'Yes, we could induce psychoses wholesale, ‘Jesus enthused. 'There's a game show right there. Everyone could be recording everyone else with hilarious results.'
'Woo woo ticka ticka tick tick,' sang Mo, waving a warning forefinger, 'Woo woo ticka ticka tick tick. Woo woo ticka ticka tick tick, I'm gonna tell on you.' He reverted to speech. 'They don't write songs like that anymore. Ah, the fifties. So gloriously censorious. I remember them as if they were tomorrow. Sherman's got an old Wurlitzer in his office with all the original records. We sometimes play a few. All good clean fun.'
'A golden time, when we'd take the word of a priest, anytime, against that of a lying child,' Jesus rhapsodised, 'when doctors smoked Camels, Blacks knew their place and commies were jailed. We were saving civilisation in Korea and testing A-bombs like there was no tomorrow.'
'According to me Nan the fifties in Britain were pretty grim,' Tracey piped up. 'I always think of them in black and white like those old newsreels. Rationing went on for ages but there was a strong sense of community. Still, as I say, pretty grim.'
'Pretty grim.' Hami tasted the phrase. 'Or gritty prim. Prim is the word for the fifties. Prudish, hypocritical. Nice white protestant suburban families with all their cosy racism, sexism and homophobia. At least there was some good Jazz and the odd Hollywood musical. As for the A-bomb, I come from Denver where the nearby nuclear weapons facility spent forty years sprinkling us with radioactive fairy dust from bomb tests, accidents and leakages. Nowadays we irradiate our enemies with depleted uranium shells. Apparently there's been a huge uptick in birth defects in Iraq since our glorious victory. Still, as a biologist friend of mine says: "If you can't laugh at life how can you hope to laugh at death?" '
A wry chuckle or two. To humour Jesus all phones were refrigerated and Mo turned the wi-fi off. Inside, the phone rang and rang. Some garbled squawking conveyed that a message was being left but at last it stopped.
'Now it's only satellites and drones we need to worry about.' Moses sighed wearily. 'They say drones sound like lawnmowers in the sky. The neighbour from hell, mowing his lawn 24/7. Plus the ability to incinerate you at any time.'
'Please don't.' Tracey laid a hand on his arm. 'You'll give me nightmares.'
'I'd like to write something about drones,' said Jesus, 'but that wouldn't be fair on Charlie. Let's stick to other forms of snooping for now.'
'The trouble is people don't care about having their privacy invaded.' Hami stroked his beard. 'What could the government find out that's not already freely posted online? I mean, who amongst us hasn't accidentally sent a photo of his genitals to all his email contacts?'
'Erhm. Moving on. It's true, though,' Moses pondered. 'Privacy is important, but it's hard to say why. We have to personalise the threat somehow. What say we make Bartok's Bluebeard into a hero? After all, Judith does wind up locked in the chamber with the other three wives. Teach her to be nosy.' A drag on the joint which, amazingly, was still going. His mind swam. 'Where was I?'
'Privacy.' Dope made Tracey more forensic. 'I've heard that in even the most crowded Indian homes there's always a curtained-off corner where people can go to be alone. Everyone has stuff to hide even if it's not illegal. You may be cool with online videos of your having sex but how about a clip of you being humiliated by your boss or enjoying a contemplative moment eating snot?'
' "The foul rag-and-bone shop of the heart" as Yeats puts it, said Jesus. 'Yeats. I'd like to write a poem full of eye-rhymes. Yeats and Keats, laughter and slaughter, trough and slough. Trouble is, for a vocal group, it only works on the page. So, to personalise our snooper, who's the rat in the arras?'
'We need a name for an eater of souls.' Hami gnawed a knuckle. 'Pity J. Edgar Hoover's been taken. Or a recording angel. Or even a rewording angel.'
'As a kid I remember a nun telling me that Gabriel was sitting up in heaven recording my every word and deed,' Jesus remembered. 'Even aged seven I could see that with all the billions of people on earth he would have had his hands full. Today, it's all too feasible to keep tabs on everyone at all times. Now I have to find rhymes for 'Gabriel'. At last! Another silver orange. Was Gabriel gay?'
'Well, my granny did say that Gabriel flew Mohammed up to the seventh heaven on his marvellous ass but that probably wasn't what she had in mind,' Hami deadpanned.
'I'm sure I remember a movie with Louis Armstrong dressed as the angel Gabriel,' Mo smiled. 'The bringer of glad tidings. He was that all right.'
'Unless I'm much mistaken the Israelis have a surface-to-surface missile of that name,' said Hami cynically.
'You've got to do something about the Israel lobby,' said Tracey bluntly. 'Do you want to pour oil on troubled waters or would you rather chuck it on the fire?'
'Fire!' said Jesus fervently. 'This upcoming peace conference is a joke. We need a comic song.'
'How about angels and devils,' Hami proposed. 'We could have fun guessing which side was which. Throw in some quotes and guess who said them. I've got some zingers culled over the years. It's difficult to tell the champions of Apartheid from the views of some Zionists. Nazis too, come to think of it. And Palestinian zealots. I've got masses of stuff on my computer.'
'Oo 'eck.' Tracey shot to her feet. 'I must phone Jake.' She'd been lost, a moment before, in the beauty of a drop of red wine on the glass tabletop as it glinted in the moonlight. 'Where's me phone loov? I hope the freezing hasn't boogered it oop.'
The idyll was shattered.
Jesus was still fired. Six thousand bucks wouldn't go far. He could live off of Tracey for a while, but what if the forces that be had him blacklisted? He'd had an uncle in the building trade. Master carpenter, but he had to become a union organiser. He was blacklisted coast to coast. If Jesus could hack into the big contractors' files and find a list of proscribed people, maybe Uncle Leonardo could sue. Wouldn't help his own situation, though. Of course, if the worst came to the worst, he could always go home. As Frost put it: 'Home is the place where, when you have to go there,/                                                  They have to take you in.'
Clumsily put but hard to improve. Please God he wouldn't wind up in the family pharmacy.
Tracey offered to accompany him back to his apartment in case of trouble but he declined. If the front door was boobytrapped there was no point in their both being blown to smithereens. Just joking. Sure, he was safe to drive. Cops never stopped Prius drivers. Not like when he'd briefly owned a cherry-red Corvette. Prius drivers were beige and camel and taupe and slate, lovat and ecru and bone. I can sing a rainbow... That parody had been inspired by the shades offered in a clothing catalogue for the elderly back in dear old Blighty. They'd obviously never been near Vegas where 'restraint' was purely a legal term.
Hami was the first to leave and Jesus followed Tracey's old Golf to where their paths diverged.
The apartment seemed untouched, but that was only to be expected. Of course his devices could have been compromised, but he'd sweep the entire system for malware. He'd never imported stuff from work, for fear of contamination, and his personal files were well-encrypted.
Coffee was no match for margaritas, wine and weed. Jesus hit the hay.

 25.

Esther, told of Marteen's close escape from the press, readily agreed to let her work from home.
'Thanks so much, Esther,' Marteen gushed. 'Charlie could pick up some files tomorrow that would keep me busy for a week.'
'How's the cheek?'
'Much better, thanks. A friend offered me some leeches to suck out the blood but I've decided to go with arnica and gentle massage.'
'Good for you. How's Charlie coping?
'Fine. It was just an abcess on his tooth, you know. Once it burst it was all over. We've decided the best way to cope with the online hysteria is just to ignore it.'
'Very wise. Has he seen a dentist? An infection can poison the whole system.' Esther's tone darkened. 'My niece in Israel got a cactus spine stuck in her leg. She pulled it out and thought no more of it. The next morning the whole calf had turned bright red and started to swell. Yakov, that's her husband, took one look and put her straight in the car. Luckily they're only ten minutes from the hospital and the haemotology consultant is one of the top men in his field. It seems that the spine was coated with a fungus that can cause gangrene. She might have lost her leg. Is Charlie on antibiotics?'
'No, our dentist doesn't like dishing them out unless they're absolutely necessary.' That much was true. 'Charlie just gargles with salt water twice a day. You'll see him tomorrow afternoon. The files are on the desk in the basement. D42 and D43. Don't let Bruce move them by himself.'
'No, we wouldn't want to hurt those sensitive wrists.'
They shared an affectionate chuckle. Bruce's 'coming out' a few years ago had caused much merriment. Not Bruce! Who'd a thunk it? The real joke was Bruce's delusion that he'd ever passed for heterosexual. He had a manly handshake didn't he? He laughed at smutty jokes. What more could a girl do?
'I've got a lot of time for Bruce,' Marteen defended her friend. 'His book displays and themed weeks show a real flair.'
'You're right, he's a treasure. We shouldn't be so catty. He works hard and looks after his team. We're lucky to have him. As a matter of fact he'd already raised the subject of your working from home before you spoke to me. We agreed you should take a week at home and we'll see how it goes.'
'I'm hoping it'll just be a couple of days although my cheek looks pretty spectacular at the moment.'
'I'll look forward to seeing Charlie tomorrow then. Bye for now.'
'Bye. And thanks again.'
End call.
'Esther,' Marteen told her mate.
'So I gathered. You want me to pick up a couple of files from the library. No problemo.'
Charlie sighed, beset by irksome trivialities.
Marteen unplugged the phone and put a hand on his thigh. Charlie gently brushed his lips over her bruise and found her warm, beery mouth. And on.
They fucked. It was good.
By ten o'clock they were both asleep.
Charlie was a horned toad scrabbling futilely at the sides of a glass tank. A bugle call rang out from the top of a hill. Deedeedee deedeedee deedeedee de...Alarm clock. Charlie found the button and wrenched himself awake. The dream lingered for a while. He'd kept horned toads as a boy and he remembered such tireless scrabbling at the glass for hours on end. They were cool little reptiles. Lizards, not toads at all, although they looked and waddled like them. They could squirt blood from their eyes. Cousin Tilly, aged eight, had daringly advanced a finger to touch Hoppy's crusty back and had recoiled with a delighted shriek which frightened the little guy. A spritz of blood ruined her pink party dress and the rising stench had her vomiting copiously between sobs.
'She frightened him,' Charlie'd stubbornly repeated under an onslaught of adult opprobrium. 'He's never done that before. I'm sorry about Tilly's dress but you must admit it's a pretty cool weapon... OK, OK I'm going...'
A dump and a shave and Charlie, who'd aged twenty-three years in as many seconds, bolted down the fried food (which Marteen had somnambulistically prepared before being drawn tidelike back to bed), swallowed some too-hot coffee and stumbled off into the dark. If any intrepid reporters were lying in wait for him they kept it to themselves.
He drove through the cool desert night. The sun was just beginning to rise as he got to the gate of the base. Still no sign of rain. Another blisteringly hot day in prospect. Of course, he would be in an airconditioned windowless capsule looking at Afghanistan through computer screens. He felt a wave of revulsion. He hated Bobo and his talk of 'bug splats' and 'double tapping'. There was also a new girl (sorry, woman) on the team. One Agnes Grey. She radiated dullness, had a hairy mole on her lip and believed in chastity before marriage (and possibly even after). She suffered from heavy periods  and the rest of the team suffered from her smell, of which she seemed totally unaware.
Then there was Cecil, the team's meteorologist. He was fascinated by the mathematics of turbulence and spent much of his time swapping formulae with brother enthusiasts. All men. Where was Annabella Milbanke, Byron's 'Princess of Parallelograms' when you needed her?
Even Cecil was not desperate enough to woo Agnes. Bobo kept a can of air-freshener handy which merely added the alleged fragrance of 'Alpine Meadows' to the fug of decomposing uterine lining, bad breath, BO and farts.
Charlie pulled into a parking spot, thought a minute, and swallowed a beta-blocker with a swig of Diet Coke. Ready for another shift.
Inside, there was a buzz of excitement. A clutch of important Taliban leaders was in their sights. There was talk of a high-level meeting in the mountains of Waziristan. We could decapitate the regional high command in one fell swoop.
'And then what?' Charlie shrugged. That beta-blocker had left him cool and analytical. 'I'm sure there are plenty of replacements lined up. Except that these will be even more fanatical and less amenable to reason.'
'Dude, these guys are terrorists.' Bobo spelt it out. 'I ain't gonna fret me none about blowing them to hell-'n-gone.'
'Look, I despise the Taliban and all they stand for,' said Charlie, 'but they're winning this war. I'm just questioning our tactics when every drone strike winds up getting them more recruits. Of course I follow orders but I can't be the first soldier to wonder if the top brass know what they're doing.'
Agnes approached. Charlie sniffed warily. No, she smelt only of soap.
'You're wrong, Charlie,' she said earnestly. 'We are doing the Lord's work. Only when idolatrous religions like Islam are destroyed root and branch will there be peace on earth.'
'Good luck with that. If two thousand years of Christianity hasn't persuaded them I hardly think dropping bombs on people will do the trick. Excuse me, I've got a drone to land.'
Agnes drifted disgruntledly back to her workstation where she factored in Cecil's windspeed and direction and updated the information on to one of Charlie's screens. On the Afghani airbase a colleague held up a wet finger. His and Cecil's estimates agreed. Nor-nor-west eleven knots seemed about right.
Another perfect landing. Charlie had half an hour for refuelling so this was a chance to update his logs. Their privatised operation had significant gaps in the contracted level of surveillance and some creative massaging of timesheets was tacitly encouraged.
Bobo was multitasking - eating an apple Danish while reading a book on his lap. Stieg Larsson. Some sadistic thing whose hero was a boy in everything but gender. Charlie hadn't been able to get through it.
He sipped a detested decaf. He tried to limit himself to two real coffees a day but sometimes the fatigue was too much for him. It was ironic that they were locked in this pod for 'security' but were potentially digitally naked before the world. How much of their information about the Taliban leaders was based on hacks and how much on humint? If the meeting went ahead and the targeting was successful it would be a prestigious kill and a boost to their fledgling company's balance sheet. And what if the intelligence was wrong? As it was, the CIA provided deniability to the military - would their privatised unit do the same for the CIA? And how many innocent civilians would die? The wonder was that his depression was only mild. Where had he read of a thought experiment where the electrocution of prisoners was performed by the random turning on of a light switch? Anyone could be an executioner. You'd only know you were responsible when a slip in the mail told you who you'd killed and when. Would this fuel widespread revulsion at the death penalty or lottery-like enthusiasm or simply dull acceptance? Course, most folks would never be fingered but if he, Charlie Culver, pushed a button, people would die. And yet, the arithmetic was persuasive. So-called 'surgical strikes' killed far fewer people than mass bombardments and there was no doubt that many of the victims had blood on their hands.
Strange, then, that terror was flourishing and that the strongest nation on earth had spent a dozen years and billions of dollars on pounding the dirt-poor Afghanis to no effect. Now we were sort of pulling out, leaving chaos and disaster in our wake.
Charlie reverted to his own troubles. He hoped the online hysteria at his collapse was ebbing away. No-one had explicitly mentioned anything but he'd noticed the odd sidelong glance. He'd have to murder a clutch of tribesmen he'd never met to gain the grudging approval of people he despised. He could see the funny side. He took another sip of thin, tinny, tepid decaf to wash down half a Twix. He suddenly yearned to see beyond the visual noise of his six screens and to feast his eyes on long vistas of desert and sky. Beta-blockers didn't quell his antipathies but at least his heart didn't race. With his eyes closed, the ambient noise moved into focus. His earphones crackled into life. News. The ground crew had found a couple of sheared-off studs on the engine of his drone. The mechanics reckoned on a few hours to drill them out and replace them. As no spare drones were currently available, he could have the rest of his shift off. Unpaid, natch. Ah, the joys of zero-hour contracts. He alerted his line-manager who confirmed that he was surplus to requirements but who promised to try and squeeze in some extra time next week. An orderly opened the pod and let him out.
Midday. The flag hung limp from its pole. The Jeep was like an oven. Charlie got in. The guard at the gate raised the boom and he was free.
Drought. The mud around the shrinking reservoirs was baked and cracked. What if it simply never rained again? At least the vast horizons were monumentally calming. He'd coped with the thought of mass carnage quite well. It wasn't his decision - there were some hundred and fifty people in his chain of command, ending in the gung-ho president. If he didn't press the button, someone else would. Besides, he'd found an IED which had been successfully detonated, sparing more futile bloodshed. That was a plus.  He drove on. He'd be early at the library, but they wouldn't mind. Show them how normal and stable he was. On, through the thickening traffic.
At last. Left at the church and in a few blocks he was there. Charlie held the door to let out a young woman with a big square bag slung over one shoulder and a sense of urgency. She flashed him a perfunctory smile and was halfway across the parking lot before it hit her. A goose walked over her grave. That was the guy in the clip! She'd just finished pinning up a poster which showed the back of his hand smashing into Marteen's face. She glanced quickly round. He was gone. What if he saw the poster and ran after her? She quickstepped to her car and left.
Charlie didn't in fact see the poster. Bruce had spotted him and walked over smiling. His two-handed handshake conveyed solidarity. They walked through the bookstacks and down to the basement.
'I hear Marteen's on the mend,' Bruce clucked. 'That's good news.'
'Yeah, it looks worse than it is. Redheads have this milkwhite skin which shows every mark but she insists nothing's cracked or broken.'
'And any more trouble with your tooth?'
'No, it seems fine now but the pain at the time was excruciating. It was like red-hot needles shooting along the nerve. Unbelievably painful.'
As Nietzsche says, we're all poets.
'And now there's all this nonsense online.' Charlie shook his head. 'Or so I gather. I haven't looked at it myself but there were some reporters waiting for me yesterday when I got home. Marteen doesn't want her face splashed over the tabloids. That's why she wants to work at home for now.'
'Of course. Let's hope you've had your fifteen minutes of fame. It's best to ignore unpleasantness if you can. Was it Boy George who said that for him homophobia was just water off a ducky's back?'
A flash of teeth and a roguish squeeze of Charlie's arm.
Charlie smiled. Bruce was OK. He felt an uprush of warmth. Shades of the camaraderie of the squadron, gone forever.
'These are they.' Bruce indicated a couple of small filing-cabinets on the table. "I'll have to ask you to sign for them if you don't mind. Here. And here. Thanks. Tell Marteen not to overdo. Once you factor in all the cross-referencing there's a good month's work there. Yes, Audrey. What is it?'
A flustered librarian trotted down the stairs with a rolled-up poster in her hand. 'I think you should see this, Bruce. Oh!' She suddenly noticed Charlie. 'I, er... '
'It's alright Audrey. Relax. Deep breath. Now, what seems to be the trouble?'
'Well, this girl came in and asked if she could put up a poster for some women's group. I said sure, on the community notice-board...' She dried up and looked nervously at Charlie. 'I mean, I didn't even look at the thing until I happened to walk past it. Look. See for yourself.'
She passed the poster to Bruce who flattened it out on the desk. The rubbery mask of Marteen's face, deformed by the blow, leered up at them.
Charlie fell into a chair. 'Poor kid,' he murmured remorsefully, 'that must have really hurt.' He flushed an ugly brick-red as anger grew. 'But it's all lies. It was a total accident. That thing implies I'm some sort of wifebeating bastard and it's not true!' His voice cracked. 'I love Marteen. I'd never hurt her.'
'We know that,' said Bruce crisply. 'I've worked with Marteen for years and you can't hide that sort of thing. Besides, I've seen that clip and it was obviously a nervous spasm that just happened to connect. That image looks much worse than it is. I wouldn't be surprised if it was Photoshopped. The first thing is to stop them putting up any more of these things. Did you get this woman's name or contact details?'
'No,' said Audrey defensively. 'We don't usually bother. But there's a website and an emergency phoneline on the bottom.'
'I'd better let Marteen know,' said Charlie dismally. His anger had been replaced by a dull hopelessness. 'I suppose we should sue but that would stir the whole miserable business up again.' He woke his phone and performed the digital dance which linked him to his spouse.
'Charlie! Where are you?'
'I'm in the library. My shift finished early. Listen, Sugarpie, I've got some bad news.'
'What? What is it Charlie? Are you OK?'
'Yeah. Don't worry about me. It's just that some women's group has ripped your photo off the internet and stuck it on a poster about domestic violence. We've taken down the one they put up here but we've got to make them pull it completely.'
'What are they called?'
'Aurora Haven. Their website's www.aurorahaven, all one word. Dot com.'
'Right... Here it is. Oh no!'
'What?'
'I can't believe it. They've used at as their opening screen. They won't get away with this. I see there's a contact number. I'll get hold of them.'
'Don't do anything rash. Bruce has put Audrey onto phoning round the neighbourhood to see if we can lay hands on the one who's putting them up and get her to stop.'
'Bless him. You'd better come on home. Give Bruce a kiss from me; no, seriously tell him I'm very grateful. Meanwhile I'll get the wheels turning. I'll try sweet reasonableness first. See you soon. Bye.'
Gone. Charlie grimaced. 'I'd better be heading home,' he said. 'Marteen says thanks for all your help. We're both very grateful.'
'My pleasure. I'll keep in touch. And if there's anything else you need,' Bruce locked eyes, 'I'll be hurt if you don't ask me first. Can you manage both those files at once? Shall I take one?'
'No thanks. One in each hand keeps me sane and balanced.'
'Well, I do hope this can all be resolved amicably. My advice is not to involve lawyers unless absolutely necessary. I get the feeling that this is probably some little local charity - I've never heard of them and I'm familiar with most of the big names. Anyway, I've got a meeting at two. Let's walk and talk.'
They went. As Charlie set off across the carpark his dejected scowl was captured, without prejudice, on CCTV. He climbed into the Jeep and set off.
Audrey got a nibble at Baptist Hall.
'Yes, as it happens, I do know the person concerned. Her name is Avis Lester. She worships at our church... No, I don't have her number on me but she's in the book... Yes, I'll be sure to pass on your message if I see her.'
Audrey hadn't dwelt on details of the poster, or the fact that a library employee was involved, as Bruce had told her not to raise dust. She merely asked for its removal pro tem and for Avis to contact the library urgently. It was possible that aside from the library staff, who had been sworn to secrecy, no-one had yet made the link between the Marteen of that clip on YouTube and the grotesquely deformed face on the poster, but that was only a matter of time.
Lester, Avis was listed. Audrey entered numbers, listened to a recorded message and left one of her own.
While Charlie bored slowly through the thickening traffic Marteen was having better luck. A call to the charity's hotline led through the usual automated rigmarole (If you are in urgent need of protection, press one; if you wish to report an assault press two...) but Marteen held on till the last option: to speak to a real person.
'Aurora Haven. My name is Naomi. How may I help you?'
'Good afternoon. My name is Marteen Culver and I would like to speak to the head of your publicity department.' Marteen aimed for friendliness but some steel must have shown.
'I... I'll see who's available. Please hold.'
Footsteps. A murmured colloquy. Male footsteps.
'Ms. Culver?'
'I prefer Mrs.'
'Fine. No offence intended. My name is Raimondo. What seems to be the problem?'
'I'm the woman whose face you've stuck on your website and posters without even doing me the courtesy of asking my permission. I'm not looking for a fight but that image libels my husband by implying that he's a wife-beater, which is an absolute lie. My black eye was an accident. Ac-ci-dent. Got it? Charlie has never, ever hit me and he has nothing but contempt for those who harm the vulnerable. Not to mention that it's not even a true image.'
'Well, Mrs. Culver, that picture is in the public domain. I doubt that we could be legally compelled to remove it. Furthermore, the image has not been manipulated in any way.'
'Oh no? How about rotating it through a hundred and eighty degrees so it looks like I'm on the floor and Charlie's whaling on me from above? The question is whether it's a good look for a charity for the protection of women to exploit me in this way? All I'm asking is that you pull my picture before you do me more harm.'
'We're not out to do you harm,' Raimondo purred. 'I respect your loyalty to your husband, but are you certain you don't need our help?'
'Don't you dare accuse me of lying! I'm asking you nicely to please pull that poster.'
'Well, I can't do it on my own - that's a committee decision. And it would mean another campaign, spending dollars we don't have. I wish you would reconsider, Mrs. Culver.' A heartfelt plea. 'It's such a powerful image. It could do a lot of good.'
'Pull it. Call an emergency meeting. I would like this resolved amicably, as soon as possible, but I reserve the right to bring in lawyers if it gets ugly. Goodbye, Raimondo.'
Finger and thumb pinched him off.
Marteen sat up in bed seething. Asshole. He clearly believed she was covering up for a brute.
The hot air stirred, bringing smells and noise from the street. Marteen had been home alone for one day and she was already going stir-crazy. Blake's assertion that one cannot tell the truth without it being believed seemed more than ever implausible. She stroked and patted her bruised cheek. She could see her reflection in the smudgy screen of her laptop. There seemed to be less purple and more green and yellow. As a redhead, her skin bruised easily and couldn't take a tan. She should have been in the highlands of Scotland rather than in one of the hottest places on earth. This latest misfortune couldn't have come at a worse time. She would give Aurora Haven an hour, then phone again.
She padded through to the kitchen past the frayed and faded blinds. A photo of her now, dressed in her old cotton nightie, would be disastrous.
Cranberry juice and soda with lots of ice and a couple of choc-chip cookies and she'd be ready to shower, get dressed and brush teeth and hair.
She'd have to spend a couple of hours on work, she supposed, but first this other stuff must be resolved.
Phone. The library.
'Hello.'
'Ah, Marteen. I'm pleased I found you in.' So playful. 'It's Bruce. How are you feeling?'
'Fine, thanks. Except I've just rung up that Aurora Haven lot and they gave me the runaround. They seemed to think that since I was filmed in a public place my photo was up for grabs. And some jerk named Raimondo even implied I was covering up for Charlie's brutality and claimed he couldn't do anything without the committee's sayso. But I think I rattled him.'
'Well, we've had a bit more luck. We found the gal who's been sticking up the posters and she's agreed to stop for now and to ask for the ones she's put up to be taken down. She's a certain Avis Lester who lives in Paradise.'
'How nice for her.'
'Indeedy-doody. Audrey ran her to ground at the leisure centre. Would you like to talk to her yourself? She seemed petrified of breaking the law but otherwise she was concerned and sympathetic.'
'Yes, that sounds like a good idea. If I can get her to believe me I'll have at least one ally. Trouble is, I can't prove a negative. How can I prove Charlie's never laid a finger on me? Even if we won in court we'd be tainted. No smoke without fire sort of thing.'
'Like saying "I'm not mad and I've got this certificate to prove it." '
Marteen laughed. 'Oh well. We can but try. What's her number?'
Bruce reeled off a string of digits which she jotted down on a Post-it note.
'Thanks, Bruce. I'll let you know how I get on.'
'Good luck, sweetie. Play nice.'
'Yes, Mommy. Byee.'
Beep bip boop barp... Coor coor. Coor coor. Coor coo.
'Hello.'
'Is that Ms. Avis Lester?'
'Speaking. Who is this?'
She sounded nice, practical, sisterly but there was a high note of anxiety there too. Marteen saw a middleclass do-gooder who could be either 'an asset or an asspain' as Bruce put it. They'd had both types among the library volunteers.
'My name is Marteen Culver.' Cool and friendly. 'I'd like to talk to you about those posters you've been putting up.'
'Ah yes. The library said you'd be in touch. How are you?' You poor thing.
'Fine thank you, apart from the fact that my face has been plastered all over town.'
'Yes, I can sympathise, but as far as I can tell we haven't done anything actually illegal.'
'Hm. That remains to be seen. The image comes from an illegal video, for one thing. But legality aside, don't you think it's kinda immoral to depict me as a victim of wife-beating when that is an outright lie?'
'Well I saw that clip on YouTube and to me it looked like the sort of casual blow which might have been habitual. Of course I might have been wrong but I've met so many women who are in a state of denial - who are convinced the abuse is all their fault. "It was an accident; he was drunk; he didn't realise my fingers were in the car door," and so on.'
'Look, Avis,' Marteen put it man to man, 'I know you mean well but you couldn't be more wrong. Charlie is a sweet, considerate guy who wouldn't dream of hurting me and yet without even meeting him you've turned him into the worst kind of thug.  All I'm asking is for you to withdraw that image from your publicity, or at least to pixelate it or something.' An image from an old porn  magazine popped into her head. Naked readers' wives with black stripes over their eyes to conceal their identities. Seemed quaintly lovable somehow. Ahem. 'All my workmates at the library recognised me at once and it's only a matter of time before strangers pick up on it. Then the whole internet hell will begin again.'
'I can see where you're coming from...' Avis paused in mid-platitude. She had in fact met Charlie when he'd held back the door for her and her subsequent terror at having encountered sheer evil now seemed faintly ridiculous. Feminism was all very well but the springs on that door were really quite strong. Thinking back, he'd seemed more sad than angry. Of course psychopaths often came across as charming and helpful but Marteen's vigorous defence of him rang true. She also sounded educated, which could be bad news. 'OK. I'll see what I can do.' Avis bit her lip. 'I've asked for all the posters to be taken down for now and Raimondo's called a committee meeting tonight to discuss our options.'
'Thank you, Avis. I mean, I'm all for your organisation, you know. This could easily result in bad publicity all round.'
'Yes, that's certainly a concern. I'll let you know what we decide. Meanwhile I'll try and talk Raimondo into pulling your image from the website, at least for the time being, but obviously I can't promise anything.'
'I understand. Let's try and sort this out quickly and quietly. Talk soon.'
'Of course. Goodbye Marteen.'
'Bye, Avis.'
One in the bag. Marteen hoped Raimondo wouldn't prove tiresome. Charlie would be back soon. A cool shower was called for.


 26.


Jesus slept late after a night of broken dreams. He woke with a start of momentary panic before realising he had no job to be late for.
After 'elevenses' he checked out his various devices and saw that his ingenious tripwires remained unsprung. Either they hadn't been touched or the Agency's top hackers had been used, which seemed unlikely. He'd get a new phone - it would be madness to trust the old one after the CIA'd had their paws on it. He logged on to the POL website and looked at the comments on his defenestration.
Boo hoo lost ur job, traitor... You and your sick friends will fry in hell... The Israel lobby is obviously up to its old tricks... Big Brother's loss is the POL's gain...
Enough. There was an email from Hami:
'Hi J, How abt song of the drone with an actual drone hovering above the audience ready to splat a random victim with indelible ink? Or simply pick an audience member and keep a camera focused on herm (my solution to the him/her quandary) for the whole show. See what surveillance really means.'
Jesus smiled. He could see rows of people quailing as the battery-powered drone passed over them, swag-bellied with ink. No, perhaps not. But pinning someone down with a drone camera continuously trained on them would be interesting. Perhaps they could get Charlie to fly it if he didn't mind being associated with them again. The smile faded and Jesus felt a rush of indignation not unalloyed with self-pity. He'd been fired with the indifference of an Ivan the Terrible, who had only to point a finger for someone to die. Like Charlie pushing a button, for that matter. He was a speck of dirt, to be brushed contemptuously aside. Would blatant cruelty be better? Columbus had chopped the paws off monkeys and forced them to fight. We came from bloody stock. Hard to believe that even this loathsome present would one day be the good old days.
What rhymed with drone? Groan, moan, thrown, bone. The fretful buzzing of the model drone wouldn't be like the 'lawnmower in the sky'  but they could play a recording of the real thing. Crone. Clone. Stone.
He opened a new page on his laptop and began to type. Perhaps the long, rolling cadences of heptameter. The shadowy Daughter of Urthona stood before red Orc. Flown. So on, at a pinch. Psnatch up your psalter and psing us a psong.
Old Damocles, he had a sword that hung above his head.
Selah. Google Damocles. Hm. Sycophant who'd had a sword tied above his head by a single horse-hair to show him the precarious life of a ruler. OK. Not Damocles.
He typed: 'Above us hover robot drones that commandeer the sky.'  He paused, counting feet on his fingers, then resumed in short bursts. 'They watch, they wait, they multiply; they mutilate, they fry. Across the world a helot sits, his finger on a key, How long before when we kill them, why, they'll kill you and me?'
Right. That counted as a good morning's work. Jesus went off to look at the fountain in the park and found, as he strolled, that some grisly lines of Kipling had invaded his head:

When you're wounded and left on Afghanistan's plains
And the women come out to cut up what remains
Just roll to your rifle and blow out your brains
An' go to your Gawd like a soldier.

Do you like Kipling? went the old English joke. Dunno. I've never kippled. What he liked most about the British sense of humour was its silliness. Sarcasm and irony passed blithely over the heads of most of his countrymen. They went for the guffaw and the belly-laugh rather than the groan or the quirkily-raised eyebrow.
He picked up an exploded pinecone, its papery seeds long gone. He smelt its dusty, piney smell and a blob of resin stuck to his wrist.
A strolling cop gave him the hard eye. A Latino alone in the park at this time of day was only moderately suspicious. No smartphone, earbuds, MP3. Some kinda weirdo. He passed on to hassle a couple of derelicts sharing a bottle out of a brown paper bag.
Phew. Perhaps the man wasn't a Mossad agent after all. The Israel lobby had a point. Had Jesus stumbled across a particularly vile collusion between, say, the US and Israel, he'd have been sorely tempted to leak it. Traitor or patriot? Who's asking?
There was a moment of panic at his naked defencelessness. He could see his money draining away like sand in an egg-timer. He'd have to find a job unless or until the POL made it big. If ever. Perhaps he should work on his poetry-writing app. Were there still swains about, he wondered, anxious to woo their ladies with artfully-turned sonnets? Introducing names, rhymes, rhythms was easy. The problem was sense. Even when tied to a narrative arc, the randomly selected elements gave the lines a disturbingly surreal cast. Who could forget the couplet which ran:

A gudgeon pulls the prink of blanched embargo
I love the neckverse slinker that is Margo?

Tracey was an easier rhyme. Lacy, racy, ferret-facy. Hm. Too close for comfort. Not that Jesus had anything against ferrets. One of the 'lads down the pub' in Swansea had had one; an engaging beast though Jesus could not be persuaded into the macho sport of letting it loose in his trousers. Not with those teeth, no matter how docile it seemed. He could well envisage the panic when one was sent down a rabbit hole. Ferreting out facts. Perhaps journalism was an option. Trouble was, like porn, everyone was posting for free. What with bloggers and unpaid interns and advertorials no-one wanted to spend money on investigative journalism. And he didn't want to spew out rightwing bile for Rupert Murdoch.
Jesus sat in the shade of a pepper tree and watched the uninspired spurt and trickle of the fountain. The itch to find out who'd had him canned was suddenly intense. It had to be someone or some group powerful enough to pressure the CIA. Or perhaps there was no external pressure and the CIA had its own reasons to get rid of him. Or he might have been fired by algorithm. He'd have to be careful. He couldn't endanger Tracey but he might have a discreet word with his friend and late colleague Alan (assuming he wasn't a management plant).
Two young mothers with baby buggies sauntered by, chattering gaily. A cloud passed over the sun and Jesus felt a wave of desolation.

I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes
I have to turn my head until my darkness goes...

Good old Stones. He'd been told that song had been inspired by the effects of ether but no-one at school could get hold of any. The drug of choice of T.S. Eliot's wife. A bad peyote trip had perhaps afforded some insight. He remembered the bubbly good cheer of his friends as their faces had turned into leering masks hiding abysms of terror and savagery and insane inanity. Marks of weakness, marks of woe. Mind-forged manacles, anyone?
Perhaps another provocation would bring his enemies into the open. He could kick a few evangelical shins. Those morons who saw the return of the Jews to Israel as a portent of the End of Days. He remembered the Book of Revelations as a frustrating mix of badly-delineated monsters, impossible to visualise, and ludicrously precise numbers. A thousand, two hundred and threescore days came to mind. Nothing to do with the Prince of Peace. More Old-Testamenty but lacking the all-too-human touch. Who could forget, say, Elijah, 'an hairy man, and girt with a girdle of leather about his loins.'? Now there was a picture straight out of Marvel Comics. As for the translation, Jesus was a staunch King James man. That book was the fountainhead of English literature. Ironic that it had led to an increase of both piety and doubt. Same with Vatican II. His grandmother lamented the loss of the old Latin liturgy as if these cadences in a language she didn't understand had the potency of magic spells.
Jesus bought a bottle of water from a vendor of beverages. The little park was hot, dusty and noisy. Vegas kept growing in an uncontrolled sprawl. Rivers and dams shrank, ancient aquifers were drained, irrigation salted the land. Through subsidence the Strip had sunk over the years. Foundations crumbled. No sooner had one garish monstrosity been blown up and bulldozed than an even bigger and glitzier one rose in its place. Venice in the desert? No problemo. Fake gondolas on fake canals coming up! Add in fountains and golf courses and it was no wonder the average citizen got through 360 gallons of water a day.
Embrace me, you unsustainable you, he inly sang.
No, he couldn't do that to the Gershwin boys. Besides, what rhymed with unsustainable? Not that 'tipsy in me' and 'gipsy in me' were irreproachable.
As for his enemies, he'd turn the Ten Commendments into a song. That'd show them.
He walked on as images and phrases tumbled through his mind. Attack dog? Perhaps a woofing chorus. In the nightmare of the dark/ All the dogs of Europe bark.
He got out notebook and pen and began to jot.

 27.

Back in the casino there was a rumour that Sheldon Adelson himself had been heard badmouthing Moses. Luckily the billionaire wasn't Moses's boss but when one of the richest men in America and a keen Israel-booster took aim at you it was time to duck.
It irked Mo to be called an antisemite. He liked Jews, at least his kind of Jew. Bright, hardworking, loud and sardonic. Pushy, kvetchy, pungent people. Family and friends. Being in their company was like putting on a comfortable pair of slippers after a day spent breaking in new shoes. His people were academics and artists, doctors and lawyers and crooks. Of course there were plenty of schnorrers and shlemiels and paskudnyaks too, but on the whole his kind were world-weary, tolerant, humorous people. They voted Democrat and gave to charity. Then there were the others. An old mafioso had once said that Jews were the brains behind organised crime while Italians provided the muscle. Vegas had come out of a scheme hatched by gangsters to go legit - or if not, at least to find an easy way to launder money. Also a person who could build an apartheid wall to control a robbed and persecuted people was by him no Jew. He had nothing in common with a shaven-headed boy soldier holding up a heavily-pregnant Palestinian woman at a checkpoint for eight hours just because he could.
Perhaps he could get the boys to do his Who's a Jew song. He had a treasury of quotes by and about Jews which he'd collected over the years.
Nietzsche compared Jews to the yeast that saved the heavy German loaf from indigestibility; Heine (a Jew whose mastery of the German language Nietzsche put second only to his own) said that Jews were just like other people only more so; Schnabel, on being told that it took a German like himself to understand Beethoven, responded: 'But Maestro, I am a Polish Jew like yourself;' Jackie Mason complained of being told that he was 'too Jewish' for the comedy circuit; the great Jazz pianist Willie the Lion Smith was also a cantor in a synagogue; Joe Heller wrote that if you ever forgot you were a Jew a gentile would remind you; Jesus saves but Moses invests...
Mo chuckled and returned to work. Blackjack takings were down. He called up CCTV from the last week and soon spotted one guy who sat directly opposite the dealer and regularly won more than he lost. Card counting was strictly illegal but difficult to prove. Not to mention that the occasional big winner kept other gamblers in the game. If the guy didn't move on soon he'd be reminded that casinos have a right of admission and that legal action was always an option. Not that Moses cared - he just crunched the numbers.
The roulette tables were ticking over nicely as were the slots where addicts fed their habit, so rapt that they sometimes peed where they sat. They also metaphorically pissed away home, job, family, waiting for their luck to turn. Of course there were notices to gamble responsibly, so that was alright. Mo hated parasitising off the desperate and deluded but to imagine that one could live anywhere in the affluent west without squeezing the balls of the poor was beyond naive.
The drinks takings didn't seem congruent with the amount of sluicing he'd noticed. Put a query on that. Make his day by treading on some Mob toes too.
Jesus being fired just like that was shocking in its crudity. He was probably next in line. It wasn't even unthinkable that Hami could wind up in Guantanamo.
Although Mo's office was right at the back of the casino, the midday concert boomed through the thin walls and echoed in the empty corridors. Was it Ben Webster who'd said he hated only two kinds of music? Country.  And Western. Yeehaw!
Out front the Strip was gridlocked. There was the steady thrum of idling engines with the odd growl of a small advance. Horns blared. A chopper chopped overhead.
Inside, the airconditioned air was cool but stale. Las Vegas. The meadows.
Enter Mo's pal Jasper with coffee and brownies.
'Hiya buddy,' he greeted Mo. 'How go the croupiers' accounts?'
'OK. Hey, how'd you know I was just thinking of a snack?'
'I shared an office with you, remember? At ten fifteen or so you'd start getting fidgety and at ten-thirty on the dot you were at standing by the machine with a fresh coffee and a couple of cookies. Immanuel had nothing on you for punctuality. The office Kant we used to call you.'
'Smile when you say that pardner. Was I really that predictable? I thought myself footloose and fancy free while still capable and diligent. I never even looked at the clock.'
'Ah, the stomach has its reasons.' Jasper perched on the edge of Mo's desk. Although they were the same age Jasper was already the chief accountant for the group which made his Yiddishe mama disparagingly proud. He was a streetwise New Yorker with sharp little eyes twinkling on either side of his enormous schnoz. He and Mo had hit it off at once. Despite his hardbitten crust Jasper was a generous and humane man who shared Mo's distaste for Israeli treatment of the Palestinians as well as incredulity that anyone could take religion seriously. Still, he trod warily. Hidden cameras might be anywhere.
'I had another word with Lippy,' Jasper softly confided, 'and I said it would look bad for Israel, which likes to call itself the only democracy in the region, to be clamping down on free speech. Especially with these peace talks coming up.'
'Oh, yes. The peace talks.' The Roman blind of Mo's forehead ruched up in mock astonishment. 'Nothing would jeopardise those like a few home truths. Besides, I've heard Lippy is heavily involved in arms sales to the Israelis so he sure doesn't want peace. Nor do the Israelis. Their basic negotiating stance is: we'll do what we like so fuck you.  You can call your  fragmented little Bantustans a state or, as one of Netanyahu's creatures so sensitively put it, you can call it fried chicken. That said, if our little hat-swapping routine caused peace to break out I'd be dancing round the room.'
'The hora, the hora!'
They shared a Conradly chuckle.
'You know my fellow-prophet Jesus has just been fired.'
'First I've heard of it. From what?'
'He had a job hacking into computers for the CIA and they withdrew his security clearance.'
'On what grounds?' Jasper was pugnacious and energetic. It could be a bit wearing at times.
'No reason given. They gave him a few thousand dollars to shut up and go away. Gagging clause. Santa's evil twin.'
'That's outrageous. He should have fought them.' Jasper was strong on human rights.
'Nah. There's literally no appeal. They just cite National Security. The only hope is that someone will leak the who and the why. But Jesus sees it as more of a merciful release - a chance to finally propel the POL into the big time.'
'Yeah. Hey, maybe I can get Lippy to book you a season here in Vegas. That would show his commitment to free speech. You could do a song about his proposal for a law to have criticism of Zionism declared antisemitic.' Jasper's eye flashed and he smacked a fist into his palm.
'Is he serious about this law?'
'You betcha. He's already got Gary Gutman in his pocket.' Jasper switched track. 'So, we're going to lose you to showbiz are we? What's the chance of success?'
'As an experienced statistician, I'd say slim to negligible, but we have to give it the old college try. Look out Kingston Trio, here we come! On the other hand, I'd like to hang on to my job for the time being. That old prejudice against starving. Speaking of which, I'd better run my eye over these invoices.'
'OK. I'll leave you to pursue them with Jew diligence.'
'Jew're welcome.'
'Jewly noted. By the way, I really enjoyed the restored sketch after I'd got over my resentment at the truncated version. What's the next move?'
'Carry on needling I guess. I've got a tune in mind. That jeering playground taunt. Na nana na na / Nana nana na na.'
'That could be the most irritating song ever written.' Jasper got up and prepared to leave.
'We can but hope. Are you taking that half a brownie, by the way?'
'It's yours.'
A true friend. Jasper went.
Na nana na na. Needed a string section sawing away. With a sigh, Moses turned back to his life in numbers.

 28.

Hami toyed with his blog. Being 'liked' by the unlikeable came with the territory. That wasn't to say these fascists and fundamentalists wouldn't turn on him in a second if they saw him as deviating from what they fondly imagined his position to be.
He wrote:

My secular friends, we seem to have touched a nerve. My worthy constituent, Mr. Jesus de Santiago has just been fired from his job as a hacker for the CIA. It is of course possible that this has nothing to do with our little Israeli sketch, as it's possible pigs may fly, but I wouldn't put money on it. Jesus himself can say nothing - his mouth has been stuffed with - if not gold, at least dimes. Have you ever noticed how when one door closes another door - closes?
The Prophets of Loss have been taken to task on Twitter for jeopardising the delicate peace talks. As I see it, the Israeli negotiating position is: we want everything and will give you nothing. No right of return, no viable state, and we'll keep our illegal settlements growing. Let a thousand bulldozers flourish. Will that Caterpillar turn into a butterfly? Don't hold your breath.
About Israel, here's what I think. First off, God has nothing to do with it. God is a joke. No sane person acts as if an omniscient and omnipotent being is watching their every move. God, in this case, is only useful as a figleaf for brutality. Religious Jews are tolerated because they keep up the birthrate in the face of Palestinian demographics as if all this small, dry, unbearably hot country needed, to be a veritable heaven on earth, was a few million more fundamentalists. If Palestinians had any sense they would convert en masse to Judaism on the theory that it makes no difference what you call your dead god. That would fuck those Zionist bastards.
Meanwhile, apparently the biggest threat to the US is now Iran. Iran. Really? Now that we've smashed Iraq let's move on to the real enemy. As Dubya might say: 'I got one letter wrong, so crucify me.'
Compared to us, Iran is a toothless tiger. No wonder, next door to an Israel bristling with nukes, that Iran wants one of its own.
Fun fact: When US puppet the Shah of Iran was in charge, we came within a hairsbreadth of giving him the Bomb.
I yield to none in my detestation of the theocrats who presently rule Iran. The people who are prepared to issue fatwas against those who insult my namesake are beneath contempt.  They charge fanatics to kill us - we pick them off with drones. So stupid. A worthy enemy will tell us truths about ourselves that friends are too scared to utter.
Twitch his own.
Back to Israel. Israel has much to be proud of in the arts and sciences, which makes her treatment of the original inhabitants unforgivable. The country was founded on a lie - that God was returning his chosen people to their promised land. Of course no-one believes this but it is another handy excuse to smite the natives. Hit the Hittites, cane the Canaanites. See Exodus. How unlike our own dear genocide of the Native Americans. Not.
Here's what my buddy Moses said on a postcard from Jerusalem:

Religion covers Israel like a shroud. You can walk a mile to shul on a shabbes but pushing a button in an elevator counts as work. Where's a shabbes goy when you need one? And this lunatic separation of meat and milk. Even my frummest relatives knew that God allows a little parmesan on your bolognese. I speak Yiddish to people, which really annoys them.
Mo, in sorrow then anger.

Let us return to our muttons.
Fun fact: Operation Cast Lead (aka the Gaza Massacre) was timed to kick off as the school shift changed so that the bombed streets would be thronged with children.
To this day there has been no punishment of the guilty, let alone reparations to the victims.
Meanwhile, our ally, Saudi Arabia, chops off hands and backs jihadis.
This call may be recorded for your protection.
Y'all have a blessed day now!

Hami quit his blog.
An email pinged in. Work. Hami summoned up a spreadsheet and began to collate indices (whatever that means). Each keystroke was noted without prejudice. Thirty-seven minutes later he sent Jesus an email consisting of the single word 'apricate'.
An algorithmic filter flagged it up so that the CIA operative who still had Jesus's phone narrowed his eyes. Was this some sort of password to start the revolution? Or that hardest of codes to crack, a private joke? Or did the sender mean 'apricot'? And if so, what did that mean? He'd been given a scant hour and a half to go through Jesus's files which had so far been irreproachable. He idly Googled 'apricate' and found it meant to bask in the sun. Bud Cwmtwrch shivered. The aircon blasted out just by his head. He had to wear a woolly hat to save his ears from frostbite. He pictured gridlocked traffic baking in the desert sun and thought on the whole he'd rather be cool. He opened the next email.

 29.

Evening was creeping across Afghanistan as Charlie locked onto the base coordinates and gave the Reaper its head. The little rivers fed by snowmelt pushed fingers of green into the red valleys. Trucks full of livestock and fruit and grain trundled across the dry landscape. Tractors dotted the fields and motorbikes, buses and cars added to the traffic.  The long shadow of his drone skimmed along the valley like a ray over the sea floor. Charlie thought of the fragile thread of noughts and ones (swimming in a soup of millions of other signals) which controlled this killing machine. How long before someone hacked into the system and turned our drones back on ourselves? Worse, they could blame it on him. Too many spy movies.
He went back to the fishing magazine on his lap. Half an hour to go. He hoped Marteen wasn't climbing the walls. That women's protection lot had pulled the poster for the moment but they might yet decide that the publicity of a trial would raise their profile. The beta-blocker seemed to be working. He was able to view the latest succession of shocks less with impotent fury than  with cold disgust.
Panic, Dr. Pepper had told him, was named after Pan, god of the wild. Panic fear occurred when instinct trampled over rational thought and flooded the system with adrenaline. Charlie had seen enough fish flapping frantically on the riverbank to recognise his own wild panic when he saw it. To keep that at bay was worth a degree of zombiefication, a skinning over of exposed nerves.
The landing strip showed up onscreen and Charlie went through the routine of clearances and weather reports as well as some laconic chewing of the fat. He switched to manual control and gentled the drone down. One Mississippi... Anticipation was the name of the game. A perfect landing. Charlie yawned, stretched and pressed a button to be let out.
He waved a goodbye to his colleagues and emerged into the stunning heat and glare of the Nevada desert.
Ray-Bans and Stetson on.
The Jeep seemed to be guzzling gas these days. If the aircon wasn't working properly it could be spectacularly wasteful. Or a leak in the filler cap could mean it was just evaporating. He pressed a button on his key and the Jeep sprang to life. Lights flashed, locks snicked open. Even in the shade it had to be ninety-five degrees. The interior smelt of hot plastic and dust. He fired it up. The battery seemed a bit sluggish. Or was it the alternator or starter motor? Where such speculation might once have set a rat of anxiety gnawing in his stomach, he now simply made a mental note to check it out.
Phone on. Text: Hi lover. Hows things? On my way. Do u need anything?
The hot air blasting his legs began to cool.
Marteen texted back: Need nothing. Fine but bored. C u soon. Love u.
Good. No stops. Charlie headed for home.

 30.

Marteen too had succumbed to the need for air-conditioning. It sucked the heat from the room and pumped it noisily out onto the street. She was wearing only gossamer-thin pyjamas which did little to hide her charms. Heavy breasts wagged freely and nipples, pubic hair and buttock-cleft showed dimly through the cloth. She was dully entering data into a computer. Who had put Vico under science? OK, that's what he called it, but it was more like philosophy or history. She'd waded through it once in a futile attempt to understand Finnegan’s Wake. It was surprising how many books crossed boundaries. The only way was to cross-reference them all. Then indexes by author, subject, nationality, language and even publisher. Still, it was interesting to see what lurked in the basement bookstacks. There was a Home Doctor she remembered from her childhood (and it was old even then) which was full of horrifying and disgusting illustrations of deformity and disease. It pulled no punches. You wanted a sectional view of male genitalia - you got a half-page spread. The prognosis of 'invariably fatal' was not infrequently given. It was a bracing read. The modern equivalent offered a choice of four treatments for minor ailments. You could treat a nosebleed, say, with homeopathy, aromatherapy, herbalism or (grudgingly) with mainstream medicine. They hadn't found space for a cold key down the back. M. She'd love cold metal on her sweaty spine. The thought of the book made her feel icky. Ugh. It was all so touchy-feely, namby-pamby, wishy-washy, nice. Gentle, concerned. Better safe than sorry. If in doubt, always consult a professional. Infantilism crept on apace. Dogs, Ben had told them, were infantilised wolves. Did that make us infantilised apes?
Back to the files. Charlie would be home by 3:30 and she'd have done a full day's work by then.
No response from Aurora Haven yet. She'd give them another hour then call them herself.
Lappin and Fishbein. Sociology. The keyboard rattled plastically. She'd cut her teeth on the family's old Remington and had fond memories of the bell that told you when the end of the line was at hand and how a flick would shoot back the carriage and roll the platen up a notch. Hadn't Satie used a bank of typewriters as percussion in Parade? She remembered the heady smell of Tippex. Typing in those days gave you a full upper-body workout. And you'd had to get it right first time. No electronic cut and paste or spellcheck. Typewriters suddenly seemed as quaint and old-fashioned as cuckoo-clocks.
Another sip of iced tea. Solitude was boring but it tripled her productivity. She patted her bruised cheek, the pain almost gone, and tackled the next card.
Phone. Aurora? No, library.
'Hello.'
'Hiya Marteen, it's Bruce. I just wondered how you were getting on out there on your lonesome. Any more hassle from Aurora Haven or the press?'
'Not so far. I'm bored out of my mind stuck in this stuffy little apartment with the blinds down. At least I'm tearing through the filing.  Anyway, it's nice to hear a human voice. Have I missed any juicy gossip at the library?'
'Well, Esther opened the cupboard under the sink and found an alley cat had moved into a plastic bucket to have her kittens. It's a grizzled old thing, full of fleas and diseases, but Esther's fallen in love with the creature even though it gave her a nasty scratch when she tried to stroke it. And I must admit those blind little kittens are kinda cute. Can I put you down for half a dozen?'
'I'd feel sorry for any cat who tried to live in this dump. If it wasn't run over in the first week it would be poisoned or shot at for fun. I exaggerate, but only slightly.' Marteen brightened. 'Hey, why not offer them to Aurora Haven? Let them practice their do-goodery on cats. Haven,' she sang, 'I'm in haven,'
'And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak,' Bruce Cheek to Cheeked in a light baritone. 'Erhm.' Back to sobriety. 'Seriously, Marteen, if there's anything you need from here, I could drop it in on my way home.'
'Thanks, Bruce. Nothing comes to mind. I've got plenty to be going on with.'
'Good. Don't overdo. Remember smiling is good for the cheeks. And rest. And chicken soup.'
'Yes, Grandma.'
'And lots of sex, to keep the blood circulating.'
'Goes without saying.' A light laugh. 'Bye for now. Love to the staff.'
'Thanks. I'll pass it on. I'll ring again tomorrow unless there's an emergency. Remember me to your handsome husband. Byee.'
That Bruce! A wolf in she's clothing as someone had wittily said.
Marteen returned to her files. What sort of name was Vawter for chrissake? A mangling of Water? Someone who vawted? OK. Title. Dewey reference. Date of first printing...
A car pulled up in the street below. Boombox. Punchy bass rattled the windows. What those kids must be doing to their ears... Mind you, she remembered dancing right in front of a stack of speakers where the thumping bass knocked the breath out of her until she got in the groove, when the power and excitement of merging with the primal force lifted her up, up, up on the wave before   unceremoniously dumping her on the beach. Sippin' whiskey had been involved. She'd puked up half a bottle in the end. The ringing in her ears had taken a week to die down. Worth every second.
Rev. Screech. Fade.
She went back to inputting.

 31.

Jesus strolled about the neighbourhood. He liked composing poetry while he walked. For iambs should he skip or limp? Either would be open to misinterpretation. He tried to look inconspicuous but no-one would take him for a tourist. The trick was to look harmless enough to fool cops but tough enough to deter a casual mugger. Pull the other one, mate, its got bells on - as an old fashioned cockney might say.
How to turn the Ten Commendments into terse verse? Don't let hocus-pocus choke us - focus. Good start. Broke us? Crocus?
He got out a little notebook and began to jot.
Back home, after a joint and half a tub of Ben and Jerry's he'd managed a rough draft by three o'clock. It ran:

Don't let hocus-pocus choke us - focus!
God is dead and all religion's bogus
Israel's our attack-dog - watch that shit
Walls imprison both sides of the split
Hamas was elected, that's too bad
So crazed Crusaders dump on Muslims mad
We quite like Jews but hate the Zionist state
In Palestinians, Jews find Jews to hate
Where Hitler couldn't, Israel's made Jews stupid
A Christian, a Muslim, a Jew in a bar - where's Cupid?

Phew! That was pretty strong. Just the bald word 'Jew' set nerves jangling. Jesus remembered a party where Moses channelled his inner chimp and bounced around singing: 'Who's a Jew? Who who? Me and you, boo-hoo.' Capering on bandy legs, long arms swinging, he toppled mercifully into the pool. That Moses was so amusing.
Jesus sent an email to the boys in the band: Hi guys. I've recast the 10 Cs into a song. I hear it as a steam train surging along but maybe a sarcastic trinkety-prinkety thing would be better. I look forward to your maulings. Thanx, J.
Did he care if the CIA saw it? Nah. Send.
His email pinged into Hami's inbox and was copied, without prejudice, to a distant database.
The Israeli-Palestinian peace talks were doomed from day one but both sides went through the motions. Israel, as proof of earnest, had agreed to release over a hundred Palestinian prisoners in dribs and drabs to predictable howls from Israel's Jews that these terrorists would murder us all.
Hami's prognostications proved accurate. The Palestinians bent over backwards, to no avail. Word was they'd even given up on their right to return. The right of any Jew in the world to 'return' to Israel was, of course, sacrosanct. Illegal settlements would continue their encroachment. Palestinian villages would continue to be bulldozed and replaced with gated communities and chicken farms. Facts on the ground.
As for Obama, the most powerful man in the world sat on his hands.
Hami abandoned his stockchecking software for the moment and opened his email. A smile spread over his face as he read it and he even let loose a couple of shocked guffaws. It was sucking-on-a-stockcube strong. Perhaps a punky rendition? They could gob on the audience.
He scanned the text again, looking for racism or libel but it seemed, at least arguably, kosher. Lacked narrative drive, though. Perhaps swap around some of the couplets. And a more anti-terrorist line would help. He would just dash off some first impressions.
Half an hour later he returned to his spreadsheets. He'd landed an account from one of the biggest brothel chains in the state. Bedclothes, furniture, groceries, electricity, medical services, wages, rents and taxes all had to be corralled and tamed. Link, link, link. Graphs, tables, pie-charts. His software could axe a couple of accountants overnight. How long before his own job could be done by a smartphone? There was still sober pleasure in the felicities of his craft. Bespoke software with a personal adviser (himself) available 24/7. People paid well for that.
As for living, our servants can do that for us. Who'd said that? Hami only really came alive while blogging or playing with the band. Perhaps the POL really would take off. This was, after all, Vegas, home of the long shot.

 32.

It was strictly forbidden for casino employees to access personal stuff online, so of course everyone did it. When Moses read Jesus's lyrics he heard music. Perhaps a lilting waltz in 5/4 à la Tchaikovsky? Broken up with a brutal chorus like Orff or Weill. Hami was on the nail about narrative.
Reply: Hi Hami. Errorists I like. Deluded schmucks instead of evil incarnate. How about calling song Beyond God and Devil? I think we need a chorus between couplets. Any ideas? Must go, Mo.
Keep shifting the rhythmic centre... Unease, sense of ambiguity... Seems to be a lot of wastage on sandwiches.
Back to his Panopticon. Slots were steady...

 31.

Jesus, exhausted by his labours, flopped back naked on his bed. He still felt baked by his walk. He could feel desert heat ooze out of his parched tissues as the aircon kicked in. He idly flipped his cock from side to side (having stuck a band-aid over his laptop's camera just in case). At last he began to feel better, aided by a long whisky sour. A chat in a Swansea pub came back to him. Sid, an engaging old cove, was what they called a real Swansea Jack. He had a deep love of his home town and was a strong Christian who sang in a male-voice choir and had worked all his life in some white-collar job for the council. Jesus remembered him saying with a chuckle that in the good old days those 'nancy-boys' had sometimes been thrown, in a spirit of fun, off the back of open-topped double-deckers.
Jesus was appalled. When had it ever been thought acceptable to have open-topped buses in Wales? Thoughts of persecution made him feel vulnerable. If armed thugs were to smash in his door right now he'd feel doubly helpless unclothed.
He got up, pulled on his Jockey underpants and a pair of shorts and woke his laptop. Time to update the POL website and trawl through the messages for plaudits and abuse. It was said that one in five Americans was functionally illiterate. Surely, judging by the comments, that had to be an underestimate. U R DAED was one thoughtful contribution. The spatchcocked clip was still being downloaded, if at a dwindling rate. There were 412 new messages. Jesus had no intention of reading them all. He clicked on one at random. Hm. An offering from academe. At least it was tolerably literate. The POL were not only antisemitic but more generally racist. Mexican stereotypes. The hermeneutics of phallocentricism. Spelt right but let down by confusion over its and it's. Demeaning sexism yadda yadda.
When Jesus heard the word hermeneutics he reached for his revolver. He opened the news page.
Lovers of our music, he touch-typed, will be thrilled to hear that a musical setting of our Ten Commendments is on its way. As my friend Hami likes to say, we deal in truth, sewer and pimple. Great man for the Spoonerism is Hami. Shaft of wit or waft of shit?  
The irony of being accused of racism and antisemitism by supporters of Israel is so glaring that it makes Vegas look drab. Yasser Arafat once said that if he was an antisemite he'd have to hate himself. Let's face it, we're all Jews now. Chanty chanty chanty.

Ping. A copy of Mo's email to Hami. A chorus was a good idea.

I shot an error in the air
It fell to earth, I know not where
Whip out my Longfellow for the ladies
You say terror and I say error
You say scarer and I say fairer
Terror, error, scarer, fairer
Let's call the whole thing off...

Another email from Mo. How about alternating 3/4 and 6/8 Mariachi style? He appended a modest example.
Calloway, Dalloway, thought Jesus. Pollywog, golliwog, higgledy-piggledy, terrorist errorist. 6/8 was doable. Saturday matinée. Or three duplets. Marry hairy Mary.
Hami was right about the lack of narrative drive, damn him. Jesus got out card and scissors and wrote each couplet on a strip so that he could shuffle them at will. Needed to end on a bang. And be funny.
As for the chorus, how about terrorist schmerrorist? A verbal shrug. Verily verily verily verily life is but a dream. Mo's na nana na na had a hideous attraction.
The manner of his dismissal still rankled. The why was unimportant; someone had wanted him gone. Couldn't help taking it personally. Still, if the POL didn't get too big to be easily silenced it wouldn't be for lack of trying. Of course nothing was impossible to the really rich. There was a non-negligible risk that he, or the whole band, could be whacked. A staged car-crash, a drive-by shooting, a bomb blamed on Islamic terrorists, a poison, a deadly disease. Pie to the CIA. Not to mention the everyday risks of living in a tooled-up society. Through Tracey's British eyes he'd become much more aware of the plethora of lethal weapons all around them.
Back to the chorus. Na nana na na. Terror's an error fitted. Terror's an error, Baby's lost her carer. The earworm burrowed away.

 34.

Insofar as he hadn't had to kill anyone, it had been, thought Charlie, a relatively good day. Those beta-blockers helped. There had been times when being locked in a capsule with his malodorous colleagues had provoked a repulsion verging on nausea. Only his sense of manly duty and the banker on his back had forced him to go through with it. Silly, really, he now saw. They weren't a bad bunch and there had been some cautious camaraderie. But it was still a sweet relief to get away.
Driving through the desert his eyes were still flashing from his surfeit of screens. A trawl of dubious websites had briefly convinced him of his own early-onset Nystagmus, but that had passed. Now it felt more like his retinas were saturated with images and needed a spell of darkness for the visual pollution to ooze out.
Then he was home. He parked round the corner and picked up a pint of milk and the local rag from the mini-mart. There seemed to be no reptiles of the press about. Charlie entered his building and climbed two flights of stairs.
Marteen flung herself at him as he came in, kicking the door shut behind him. They hugged and kissed, the milk blissfully cold between them.
Inside was cool but gloomy. All the lights were on but the odd spear of sunlight lanced through the worn blinds and jeered at their puny illumination. There were flies buzzing around.
Marteen disengaged herself and went off to assemble a cold lunch. Roast chicken thighs, potato salad, tomatoes, pickles. Cold potato and leek soup from a carton. Cold Coors.
While Charlie was taking a dump Marteen fell avidly on the local paper. A fire. A shooting. A new development. Hot and not. Sports.
Halfway down page three there was a brief item in the 'Snippets' column. It read:
'The woman being struck in the face at a recent Prophets of Loss concert has been identified as a Mrs. Marteen Culyer. Was it accident or assault? Mrs. Culyer claims it was an accident but has refused to talk to our reporter and hasn't been seen in days. Mr. Culyer threatened us with the police for simply doing our job. Is it possible that her injuries may be more serious than at first thought? Watch this space.'
Marteen flushed with shame and anger. Sweat poured off her even as a cold shiver ran up her spine. She felt assailed from all sides, like being in a circle of wolves. No sooner had you dispatched one than another leapt on you from behind.
Charlie came in whistling but saw at once that something was wrong.
'Marteen! What's the matter?'
'Oh, nothing.' A brave little smile. Deep breath.
'No it's not. Please tell me. Is it that Haven lot again?'
'No, I'm still waiting for them to call me back. It's just some mudslinging in the paper.' She decided. 'Here, look. Don't let it upset you. They don't actually say anything - it's just poisonous innuendo. I don't think we could sue. Besides, they want us to react. It's like poking a caged bobcat with a stick - it's no fun if it doesn't scratch and spit. Why should we generate free copy for them?'
Charlie's jaw clenched as he read. He imagined being pelted with turds which left foul yellowbrown trails as they slid sluglike down clothes and flesh.
'Did you really threaten them with the police?'
'Sort of. I said they had no right to be in a private building, which was true, and that I'd call the cops if they didn't leave. That's all there was to it.' He sighed. 'Jesus, Sugarpie, I'm sorry I got you into this shit.'
'Shoot. It's not your fault. I'm tempted to brazen it out. I wonder what's taking those women's rights people so long?'
'They're trying to decide whether the extra publicity is worth a lawsuit,' said Charlie matter-of-factly. 'Let's hope that there are some decent people among them and that we can talk them round. At least the paper hasn't got onto that poster yet. Let's eat. I'll phone the haven after lunch.'
Then, thought Charlie, plunge into a pit of sleep. Fuck Marteen later. Odd that her body, shifting under her light pyjamas could be at once so beautiful and yet, compared to most animals, so ugly. Bald but for a few clumps of smelly hair, the long hair of the head surely a handicap in the wild. And then the upright posture with exaggerated breasts and fat asses. At least those balanced in silhouette. The cunt a strip of chewed gristle next to a puckered brown asshole and yet the seat of such longing...
'Anything new from the POL?' he asked.
'Only that they're turning the Ten Commendments into a song. Hopefully that'll generate enough outrage to take the focus off us. God, I hate having to lie low like this.'
'It won't be for much longer. That bruise is still pretty spectacular but I guess as long as the colours keep changing it's getting better. We should do a time-lapse video. It'd be nice to see it go back to your lovely milky skin in seconds.'
'I've had enough of the movies, thanks. They'd probably run it backwards or have it wax and wane like the moon.' She smiled cheekily. 'Or we could wrongfoot them completely and claim your wife-beating was a consensual sado-masochistic activity which we both enjoyed. That would tie the  civil libertarians in knots. If Madonna claims that anal sex is best because it's the most painful, why shouldn't I get my kicks from being hit in the face?'
'Please don't talk like that, my darling,' said Charlie humbly. 'It really upsets me. Besides, Peg o' my heart, if there's one thing I know about you it's that you really, really, really don't like pain.'
'True. But funnily enough the reality of a slap in the face is nothing like as bad as the fear I'd had beforehand. It didn't even register till later - I was totally focused on just calming you down and getting you out of there. Good thing Ben was there.'
'Well it's all over. Now we just have to worry about the press and the whole insane internet waiting to pounce. Do you want me to phone these women's refuge folks before I take a siesta?'
'No thanks, Honeybunch. I'll do it. I'm still trying sweet reasonableness. If that doesn't work I'll bring you in. Go get some shuteye. Do you want me to wake you? There's a frozen lasagne so we can eat anytime.'
'Great. If I'm not up by seven, wake me then. Otherwise I'll get no sleep tonight. Have the radio or TV on if you want. I'll put in earplugs and close the door.'
'Go already.' An exasperation that wasn't quite mock.
Charlie stumbled off in search of sleep. He moulded the wax and cotton earplugs until they fitted snugly. Better, but he could still hear and even feel the boom and rumble of traffic. Easy, boy! He stripped down to his boxers with their saggy elastic and faded red and green stripes. Supine, he covered his eyes with the palms of his hands, sealing out the light. He waited, feeling the jangling die away as his eyes disengaged. After-images sparked and loomed up from nowhere. Neon-green clouds drifted and dimmed. Shifting veils of crimson and indigo hung on at the edge of his vision until they too quieted down and at long last he was gazing into a black velvet infinity. Charlie slowly slid his sweaty palms off his closed eyes, suffusing them with red, turned on his side and slipped seamlessly into sleep.

 35.

Things at Aurora Haven were getting fractious.
'I just don't think such a violent image goes with our ethos of protection,' said Avis earnestly. 'Not to mention gratuitously ruining an innocent woman's life. Can't we at least anonymise her so she can't be recognised.'
'It's not up to us,' said Raimondo smugly. 'That footage is already in the public domain. And I disagree with Avis about the image. Unless I'm mistaken, people, the whole point of the exercise is to raise money.  You've got to make an impact in a very crowded marketplace. That image is arresting just because it is so shocking. A real woman suffering a real assault.'
'That's just not true.' Naomi sprang for Raimondo's throat. 'I agree with Mrs. Culver that rotating the image so that she seems to be the one underneath totally misrepresents the situation; and I for one refuse to be associated with it.'
'If it's a question of money,' Avis piped up, 'the printing cost under four hundred dollars.'
'Three hundred and forty-seven to be exact.'
'Thank you, Raimondo. So if each member of the committee raised fifty bucks that would cover it. Also, I looked at that clip again and I'm not convinced it wasn't an accident. Accusing someone of being a wife-beater could be expensive if it's not true. I'd like to see something like a shield between the abuser and victim to stop him hurting her any more.'
'Yes, it could be made into like a stylised logo,' Cora enthused. 'A friend of mine's an artist - she works in advertising - and she'd probably do it for nothing.'
'Oh no, we'd pay her the going rate,' said Greg, a stickler for that sort of thing.
Raimondo banged his (empty) coffee mug on the table. 'We're getting nowhere fast,' he said. 'We can't even vote on scrapping our whole campaign because we're not all here.'
'I don't think we've ever had all seven of us in a room at once,' said Naomi briskly. 'Monica's off in Toronto at Judith and Clemmie's wedding (remember them, Avis?) and I texted her and she said she'd go along with the majority.'
'And Dyanne seems to have vanished off the face of the earth,' said Avis. She bit her lip. 'I hope she's not on the heroin again, poor thing.'
Dyanne was their pet victim. This frail little woman's tales of the brutality she'd suffered could reduce strong men to tears.
'Well, I think there are enough of us here for a majority vote,' said Greg procedurally. 'Let's have a show of hands. All those in favour of using the present poster? Only Raimondo. All against? The rest of us. Very well, we'll withdraw it.'
'I'll phone Mrs. Culver now,' said Avis. 'She'll want to know.'
'No, hang on,' Raimondo cautioned. 'Let's think this through. OK, I agree about the poster but I'd like to keep that image in our gallery. We'll anonymise it if need be but I'd still like to try and get the lady's permission to use it as is. If she does turn out to be abused, it could be a powerful weapon in her favour. How about we put a moratorium on it for now without renouncing our right to use it in the future?'
'If it's in the public domain you don't need permission to use it,' said Greg greyly. 'If it's not, the Culvers could sue.'
'Ugh! Listen to you two.' Naomi was furious. 'You've got the chance to do something good and you spoil it by carping. Just cut her loose. There's no shortage of horrible photos. Why torment her needlessly?'
Forty minutes of squabbling ensued but at last Avis was able to give Marteen the good news that they had decided to withdraw the image and to apologise for any distress they'd unwittingly caused.
'I've sent you a confirmatory email of our decision and if there's anything you'd like to add please let us know.' Avis paused, then continued shyly, 'I don't suppose you'd like to receive our free online newsletter, would you?'
Marteen gave a snort of laughter. 'Yeah, sure. Why not?' She was feeling generous. 'Thanks for letting me know, Avis. You made the right decision. It's such a relief I can't tell you. Some acknowledgement that you accept that swat across the face was accidental would be welcome. And that you believe me when I tell you Charlie has never hurt me.'
'Erhm yes. I'll see what I can do.'
'Charlie's asleep right now or I'd get him to talk to you himself. I'm sure he'll be as delighted as I am. Have you decided on a new poster yet?'
'Well, most of us think it should convey security and protection but there's no doubt shock grabs the attention. At the moment we're torn between a cosy little house on the prairie with a storm raging outside or X-rays of fractured skulls and broken bones.'
'The problem is shock can quickly degenerate into a kind of porn. Or you just become desensitised to it. Let's face it, when you've seen one starving African child with fly-encrusted eyes you've seen them all.'
'Yes, compassion fatigue is a very real cause for concern,' parroted Avis, 'but for a small charity I think we do a lot of good.'
'I sometimes think the old ways were the best,' teased Marteen. 'My grandma's sister shot her husband back in 1952 and handed herself in to the Reno police. Now the cops all knew the man was a wife-beating drunk as well as a petty thief and a pimp so they wrote it off as a hunting accident. Nowadays you have to be seriously rich to get away with murder. Unless it's a cop shooting an unarmed black man in the back.'
Avis gave a nervous giggle.
'Anyway thanks again.'
'My pleasure, Mrs. Culver. Marteen.'
'Goodbye.'

 36.

'The Dead Sea Is Dying'. Vince clicked on the provocative headline. Aha. Another  unmissable commercial possibility. The River Jordan, he read, was much depleted because of upstream water-extraction. The result was that the Dead Sea was shrinking and would soon be no more than a tithe of its former self. The proposed solution was to run a pipe from the Mediterranean down to the Dead Sea, some 1300ft. below sea-level and the lowest spot on earth. This tourist destination would receive a much-needed boost and lucrative hydroelectricity would be created. Vince had his doubts as to the scheme's commercial viability but it was the sort of good-news story Israel needed. It was daring, ingenious, green. Queasy investors who drew the line at armaments shares might go for it. He forwarded the link to all his Facebook friends.
By coincidence his surname, Mortimer, itself meant dead sea. Unfortunately current etymological thinking linked its origin not to the Holy Land, where Mortimers had fought in the Crusades, but to a stagnant lake somewhere in France. But what did etymologists know? Vince's ancestor had fought with Richard the Lionheart. The logo of his distant relative's law firm incorporated a version of the white lion of the Earls of Mortimer.
Vince was a Christian Zionist - he honestly believed that the return of the Jews to the Holy Land was a sure sign that the End Times were upon us. For this disapproving man in his deacon's suit who dutifully fucked his wife in the dark, the Rapture couldn't come too soon. This didn't stop him piling up treasure in the here and now, of course. For such a dour man, Vince's vision of heaven was pure Disney. Princesses on palfreys, silk pavilions, streaming banners. Plus all the bodily comforts of twenty-first century America (God bless it!). Not to mention gloating over his enemies. How lovely to look down from one's pink cloud at Moses Weiler writhing in a pit of vipers. His humiliation was still raw. What to do about the Prophets of Loss?
For Vince, as for many Israelis, the unspoken truth was that peace would only come to Israel with the ethnic cleansing or even annihilation of the Palestinians; and the sooner the better. Kinder in the long run and all that.
Vince knew that the law was heavily biased in favour of the rich and famous. He had to cripple the POL while they were poor and weak. Pity blasphemy wouldn't fly but incitement to racial hatred might do the trick. Destroy them with Political Correctness. Perhaps that unstable drone pilot could yet be persuaded to sue. Vince would call Ari, an Israeli computer expert who worked on drone guidance systems, to sound him out. Or at any rate to keep an eye on him for any new symptoms of trauma. Maybe other members of the audience had 'freaked out.' Or could be induced to claim so.
Despite his many profitable collaborations with Israelis, Vince didn't actually like Jews. He knew he was widely mocked for his awkwardness and lack of style. 'That haircut only a yok could get,' was one of a number of overheard comments.
That disastrous interview with Moses had been splashed on social media with comments settling at two to one for Moses. Moses Weiler was the sneering and insolent type of Jew that Vince least liked. And he couldn't look at Jesus de Santiago's Latin good looks without the word 'greaser' coming to mind. A word which had never actually crossed his lips. A Catholic was bad enough but a lapsed Catholic was even worse. As for Mohammed Aziz, the man was both an Iranian and a Muslim apostate. No great loss if he were to be murdered by one of his suicidal brethren. Perhaps a fatwa could be arranged.
And Vince was a follower of the Prince of Peace. Go figure. Would attacking the POL daunt or inflame their followers? To smear them as racists would be best. What made, say, their mariachi numbers any less insulting than blacking up as nigger minstrels? Prove moral turpitude and their anti-Israeli stance would be completely discredited. Perhaps he could instigate a class-action suit. Pity that Mexican rights were so low on the agenda. He'd get Miss Sexton to dig up the relevant legislation for him. Meanwhile his three-o-clock was coming up. He was finalising the drawing-up of a contract for Californian missiles to be assembled in Israel. He had shares in the company involved and was happy to dip his bucket in the river of gold. Ah, the joy of the closed contract when you were the chosen one. All those generous donations to both red and blue had paid off.
The phone rang. Lippy Lipschitz's pet senator's aide let him know how laying the groundwork for a bill equating anti-Zionism with antisemitism was going. There was a fair bit of schmoozing involved. A donation to the senator's war chest would be most welcome. Vince said he'd see what he could do. He might even chip in some of his own money. It was worth it. Even if the bill never passed it would send a message.
If only he could use the forces of Political Correctness and the nascent fascism of no-platforming. The government didn't need to clamp down on freedom of speech. The touchy-feelies censored themselves. He had to admit that Hami had put it best in his blog: Strict police censor LA is Political Correctness gone mad. (It's an anagram, people).
Of course there was always the risk that attacking the POL could make them martyrs or even transform into hysterical adulation. He'd sling some mud online and see what stuck.
Back to business. How about offshoring some of his loot? He'd run it past Edwards, his guy at PWC.
The contract. Vince plunged into the caveats and exemptions of commercial law.

 37.

Charlie slept fitfully, his dreamworld filled with suffering. Prisons were bursting at the seams, somewhere or other was always at war, torture (often at our instigation) was endemic. Not to mention the lesser pains of unemployment, racism, homophobia, divorce, disease and online trolling. But life could be sweet too. Love, beauty, triumph against the odds. Vegas partied like there was no tomorrow but under the frenzy were lives of quiet desperation. Charlie remembered heroic hangovers and a cartoony image of twenty-dollar bills flying out of his pocket and into the casino's cash-boxes...
These days he'd be hard put to find fifty dollars for a crack whore so it was as well that he was in no way tempted.
Too hot, hair stuck to face. Charlie opened one eye just as Marteen quietly opened the door.
'Come in. I'm awake.' He dug the plugs from his ears.
'Did you get some sleep?'
'I guess I must have. But I feel dirty and sticky. I might have a shower.'
'Good idea. I'll just leave the door open till the smell dissipates. We can lay down some more funk later.'
'And I was thinking of a hot game of Monopoly or finishing off that box set. I must say incarceration seems to have had a beneficial effect on your libido.'
'Yep. I'm so bored I'd fuck even you.' A coquettish wink. 'Besides, Bruce says getting the blood pumping is good for my bruise.'
'Well, in that case you leave me no alternative.' A flash of that boyish smile she'd fallen in love with flashed across his weary face as he picked up a towel and sauntered off.
Marteen put the lasagne in the microwave and threw together a tired salad. She could have the radio on while Charlie showered. He used to sing in there. Leadbelly's Midnight Special was a favourite:

Well I wake up in the mornin'
When that big bell ring
Go marchin' to the table
An' see the same ol' thing
Knife an' fork upon the table
An' nothin' in my pan
Cain't do anythin' about it
Havin' trouble with the Man.
Let the midnight spe-cial
Shine a light on me...

He had an attractive baritone growl which he could switch to a sweet falsetto. He joined in lustily and reasonably tunefully with hymns and army songs and sometimes sang along with the car radio. Marteen sang too. They used to duet on old Country and Western songs, laying on the corn: 'Hev ah tole yew lately that ah lurve yew...' Voices blended in harmony.
Marteen remembered long drives through the desert snuggled up against Charlie as he drove one-handed through the night. So cozy, so safe. Would she ever feel that way again? Her rock had a fault-line running through it - a tap could make it fall apart. Also, their jobs were precarious and the bank had them by the balls. At least the online fuss had died down but she'd learnt how a trivial rumour could destroy lives.
The radio took a break from the Boston Pops for the news headlines. Latest local murders, Israeli-Palestinian peace talks continuing, sports.
At least, for a few days, she wouldn't have to tacitly agree with Esther that Israel's earnest wish for peace was being thwarted by the intransigence of Palestinian demands.
The radio failed to mention either illegal Israeli settlements or the Palestinians' right of return.
And now, Rossini's overture to The Thieving Magpie.
A shuddering in the pipes told her that Charlie was turning off the shower. The microwave pinged. From the street below came the thump and glassy rattle of crates of bottles being chucked about. A Harley with loud pipes blatted past, shaking the windows.
Charlie came in looking a bit fresher despite the bags under his eyes. Marteen made a guilty move to switch off the radio but Charlie halted her.
'OK, it's cool. You can have it louder if you want.'
'No, this is fine.'
They listened to Rossini's pretty, witty music, sharpened by the sinister rattling of skeletons on the snare drums.
Marteen's phone buzzed against her leg. She pulled it out of her pocket. Private caller. She let it go to voicemail. She would check it later. Good thing she'd changed her PIN.
Ah, that soaring melody... She hacked a slab of lasagne and put it on Charlie's plate.
'Help yourself to salad, Lover, and if you'd care to tip some wine into those glasses I'd be much obliged.'
'Mah pleasure.' Charlie played the faithful Black retainer. 'You shore are a purty lady Miz Beauregard.'
'Why thank you Tyrone. You can bring round mah black stallion presently. Ah declar ah feel like a good gallop just now.'
Southern whimsy died the death. Rossini's overture ended. And now a word from our sponsors. And another. And another. Then the Academic Overture by Brahms.
Marteen filled him in on the latest from Aurora Haven.
'So they've agreed to pull the poster? That's great.'
'And they've removed my face from all their online material - but obviously they can't guarantee that no-one's already copied it. We'll just have to hope it fizzles out.'
'Now there's only the local paper to worry about.' Charlie shooed off some flies. 'Ugh. These flies are enough to drive you mad.'
'It's those garbage cans behind the gas station where they breed. Pity Ben's not here. He'd have enjoyed them.'
'Yeah. Have you heard from him lately?'
'Only an email promoting what he calls a "heretical idea" that beauty might be an evolutionary advantage. Might a prettier butterfly be spared and its uglier sister eaten?'
'Yes, it always amazes me that peacocks survive as well as they do, given how cumbersome those tail-feathers must be. Maybe everything from tigers to crocodiles likes looking at them. Unless they're hungry.'
'But then everything would go on getting more and more beautiful until there was nothing ugly left. I can safely say we're not there yet. And I bet a butterfly from millions of years ago was just as pretty as modern examples. Not to mention that what is beautiful to one species may be hideous to another. But it's a nice idea.'
Gaudeamus Igitur plodded by, full of lumpen swagger. Marteen saw drunken German students showing off their duelling scars. The disabled and wounded vets who used the library told another story. Thank God Charlie'd never made it to Iraq. She was sure the needless suffering would have destroyed him despite the fighter-pilot boost to his sense of manhood.
As if guessing her thoughts, Charlie spoke: 'Word is there's some big meeting of terrorist leaders coming up in Waziristan and we're gonna be given the chance to zap 'em. Bobo can't wait but even if I'm not the one pulling the trigger I'll be part of the team.'
'We're all part of the team. We voted for Obama. Admittedly, we thought he'd try and reduce tensions, pull out of Iraq and close Guantanamo but even so.'
'Not to mention sticking it to the bankers. Apparently the first thing he did when he was elected was to call in the Citibank boys and tell them not to worry. Then he took Bush's drone strike idea and ran with it. Now we can kill anyone anywhere any time as long as we call them terrorists. Byebye habeas corpus. And him a lawyer and all.'
Marteen gave a rueful chuckle. 'Remember that surge of hope when he was elected? At last a president we didn't have to be ashamed of. Cool, smart, Black. A great orator. What a pleasure to have someone who could speak in whole sentences.'
'Who said Dubya had been born with a silver foot in his mouth?'
Marteen snickered. 'I forget. Sounds like Gore Vidal.'
Brahms stopped, to be succeeded by traffic news and an ad for cheap tyres. Charlie turned the radio off and took another forkful of lasagne. The thin wine cut through the stodge. A dutiful mouthful of salad followed . At least the crunching in his head masked the street noises.
'So, what's the first thing you wanna do when you regain your freedom?' Charlie asked.
'Just to walk down the street without being molested would be heaven. And we could probably afford a cheap meal and a concert with what I'm saving in busfares. There are some good gigs coming up. Portuguese fado. Or a piano version of Art of the Fugue, though it would have to be pretty good to be better than that time we heard it on the cathedral organ.'
'Yeah, that was something else.' Charlie remembered soaring masonry and the vast range of the organ from birdlike flutings to the groundshaking boom of the bass pipes. And the music, for all its intricacy and passion was rooted in the calm inevitability of a master. And then it ended in midphrase where the dying Bach had left it. A poignant wrench. Charlie doubted he'd have the stamina and concentration to sit through the whole thing now. Of course he'd been in love and keen to impress Marteen with his sensitivity and there had been long periods when he'd tuned out altogether. Funny how the harder you tried to listen to the music, the further your mind roamed.
For now, the upcoming massacre in Waziristan loomed large. It was inescapable, like being backed into a corner by a bore with halitosis.
Marteen, watching his face cloud over, felt his pain.
Charlie hauled himself back. 'Fado sounds pretty good but we'd better not book till your face heals up. I reckon we're looking at at least another week.'
'God, I'll go mad. How do you stand being locked in that box all day?'
'Oh, I escape into my mind. I read stuff. I admire the Afghan scenery. I spotted an IED in the road today which probably saved some lives. That was worthwhile. And the beta-blockers help though I mostly get along without them. The real test will be when I have to shoot some sitting ducks. To say that I'm not the only one responsible feels like sophistry. On the other hand, these guys are doomed and someone's got to do it.'
Marteen wrung her hands. 'I wish you'd get another job,' she cried. 'You're always going on about the civilian opportunities for drones. You could be a fire-spotter or rescue people at sea.'
'Yeah, I'd still spend my days watching screens but for half the pay. Besides, if I stick at it I might get a job training other drone pilots or move into management. But the night is young. How about a game of Scrabble?'
Marteen considered, smiled. 'Yeah, why not?'
She often won.

 36.

Back in 2012, in a flat in the old quarter of Jerusalem, Dr. Benny Goldblum was preparing a bomb. It could be called a suicide bomb inasmuch as he wouldn't be around to see the effects. Benny was a foundling. Back in the turmoil of the founding of Israel in 1948, the Goldblums had found a baby on their back porch. They knew at once whose it was. Leila, the Palestinian girl who'd helped out in the house, had vanished after her pregnancy became impossible to hide. Besides, the baby was wrapped in her favourite shawl.
Leila knew that the kindhearted couple who'd employed her were desperate for children but their efforts had proved barren. As an unmarried fifteen-year-old in a warzone her options were limited. Her family had scattered like chaff before the wind as their village had been overrun. Life with the Goldblums was her child's best hope.
From the moment Benny grasped Zelda's finger she knew he was theirs. In the chaos of war, the birth certificate of a dead Jewish baby was procured and the adoption papers cost Izzy a carton of cigarettes. They named the baby Benjamin after Izzy's late father. A Palestinian wet-nurse was found and the baby flourished.
Benny grew up dark and active while his parents were pale and placid. He'd known from an early age that he was adopted but had been told he was a Jewish orphan. The Goldblums were impeccably liberal. There were no racist jokes or odious prejudices in the Goldblum household. Such Palestinians as they met were always treated courteously; and if the Goldblums were upset by the brutality of their young country, they conceded that it was sometimes necessary. Izzy's favourite saying was that there was only one race - the human race. Individuals were either good or bad - it was as simple as that.
The Goldblums waited until Benny was twenty-one before telling him the truth about his origins. He was devastated. A lifetime of casual prejudice rose up in his throat. He'd always considered he got on well with the few Palestinians he'd encountered but now he smelt the stench of his condescension. OK, maybe he'd been born Palestinian but he felt Jewish through and through. Most of his boyhood heroes were Jews and he'd swallowed the Zionist narrative at school. Benny had done his obligatory military training in the medical corps so he'd not only never killed an Arab, he'd actually helped to save lives. But outing himself as something he didn't feel himself to be was wrong. The opposite of his coming out as gay. Not to mention career suicide. He kept shtum but pursued a growing interest in Palestinian culture. He learnt Arabic: the scales fell from his eyes. He listened to 'their' music: scales fell on his ears.
So Benny Goldblum, that nice Jewish boy, sailed through his medical training and specialised in human fertility. By the age of forty-two he was head of an IVF programme for rich women who couldn't conceive. Sometimes it was the husband who had a problem. Sperm donors were anonymous but were guaranteed to be from the higher echelons. Imagine distinguished authors, captains of industry, university professors wanking into a little flask over old copies of Playboy and Fiesta magazines and you get the idea. In fact students predominated, undertaking sperm donation  from the noblest of motives plus a small emolument.
Benny had also set up a free clinic for Jerusalem's poor. He made a point of saying a few words in Arabic to his  Palestinian patients to alert them to the fact that he could understand their comments and didn't want to be seen as a spy. Consultations were conducted in Hebrew, English and Arabic as circumstances demanded. His Palestinian patients were suspicious of this do-gooding Jew to begin with but often ended up a little in love with him. The fact that he'd bothered to learn their language played well as did his genuine enthusiasm for producing babies. Not a few of the resulting offspring had been named after him.
Benny's big idea came to him when the clinic had run out of Palestinian sperm and it had occurred to him for the first time that he could use his own. How would a Palestinian woman feel if she thought she'd been impregnated by a Jew? Even if he turned out to be a Palestinian in disguise. Of course she'd never know. And how about the other way? Genetically, Palestinians were probably closer to the Jews of the Bible than modern Ashkenazis. His sperm could reinvigorate the old rootstock. And any child born of a Jewish mother is by definition a Jew.
Benny lay on the bed in the little cubicle and looked gynaecologically at Lucy from Lincolnshire's cunt. Nope. A letter from some guy who'd let his wife be fucked by two black sailors aroused some interest (sailors) but it was the photos of a couple of limp-dicked hunks (for the ladies) that did the trick. Ah. There we go. A couple of lubricated strokes brought him off so quickly that he nearly missed the flask. Good thing he managed to keep going much longer with Dov.
One man went to sow...
Within a week Benny had impregnated two young wives, one Jewish, one Palestinian. He had fantasies of populating the country with his children but was too good a geneticist to risk the dangers of inbreeding.
Instead, he simply mixed up his Jewish and Palestinian samples and used them at random. A simple mislabelling and it was done. In twenty years there had been no suspicions although Benny kept a secret list of the true donors in case of medical or forensic need.
Like many terrorists Benny was an idealist. He hoped that the discovery that the father of a beloved child might have come from the opposite community would lead to questions of conscience and reconciliation. Of course it might exacerbate the situation, but that seemed to him a risk worth taking.
He kept his secret even after he'd left the clinic, having been lured away by a job in New York. He'd left Israel gladly, finding the prevalent racism increasingly hard to bear. He and Dov were off like a shot.
Safe in an apartment overlooking Central Park he'd confided in his lover his dark origins. Of course, Dov stoutly maintained, it made no difference. He was only hurt that Benny had waited so long to tell him. 'A Palestinian and a Jew,' he'd joked. 'The love that dare not speak its name. The funny thing is you're a hundred times more Jewish than me. Even this concealing of your true identity - could anything be more Jewish?'
'It's fair to say that Israel's the only place where passing for a Jew is an advantage,' Benny admitted. 'And I do feel Jewish. I didn't want to be the spokesman for a culture I knew nothing about.'
They spoke in English as Dov hailed from Manchester and even after years in Israel his Hebrew was still a bit rudimentary.
Dov had died of an aneurism on the brain at only fifty-seven years old. By that time he'd split up with Benny as neither of them had seen their bond as excluding other men. They remained friends. Benny continued to pass as a Jew and Dov never let on. However Benny refused to contribute a penny to the state of Israel and became an active member of Amnesty International.
In 2012 Benny came back to Jerusalem to die. His nerves were being attacked by his own immune system. As a doctor he knew there was nothing to be done. The prognosis was months, not years. He willed his considerable assets to a healthcare charity for Palestinians and wrote a long letter confessing his crimes. He had matched sperm to egg for purely medical reasons and the chances were that some two hundred children on either side had 'mixed' parentage. As Israeli Palestinians were separate but equal, there was no injustice in this. ('Ooh, sarky' as Dov was wont to say). He himself, a child of Palestinian parents, had been raised a Jew and had enjoyed a happy and successful life. While sperm donors enjoyed lifelong anonymity, he had sent the true list to the clinic and people could now find out, in complete confidence, the community to which their father belonged.
With shaky fingers Benny sent off his bomb, timed to detonate in one year's time. The numbness, the uncontrollable shudders, the creeping paralysis. He'd be long dead by then.

 39.

Precisely one year later at 9a.m. GMT, one hundred and twenty-seven inboxes received Benny's missive. The addresses ranged from giant news organisations (CNN, BBC, Al-Jazeera) to personal friends and some of the quirkier websites. One such was Hami's blog, which Benny had happened upon during the first months of his illness and to which he had become addicted.
It was ten at night before Hami looked at his emails and found Benny's message filed under junk. The subject was: Experiments in Jewish/Palestinian interbreeding. Intrigued, he opened it and read on. The simple audacity of Benny's plan brought a broad grin to Hami's face. It seemed too good to be true. Wikipedia suggested that there had indeed been a Dr. Benjamin Goldblum who was a pioneer in fertility treatments. A fulsome obituary in the Jerusalem Post stated that he had died in 2012 of a degenerative disease. Dr. Goldblum had held a number of prestigious posts and had been the recipient of numerous awards and three honorary doctorates. Latterly resident in the USA he'd returned to his homeland to die. Openly gay. Left all his money to a medical charity in Ramallah of which he was a patron. Described by an old friend as 'a shayner yid' and a 'mench'.
Not a word about Palestinian origins.
Hami scrolled through the news headlines but the story wasn't mentioned. He forwarded a link to Jesus and Mo. Might be a song in it.
A distant server noted this to-and-fro without prejudice.
The peace talks smoked and sputtered like an over-oiled two-stroke.
What, Hami wondered, if  Dr. Goldblum's story was true? A child born of a Jewish mother was, by definition, Jewish, but how would Palestinians view a Jewish cuckoo in the nest? Would Israel reclaim or shun its half caste children? Would they be granted a right of return?
The whole thing of parentage was vexed. It has been estimated that nearly a quarter of children call the wrong man Dad. Not to mention that scene in Il Trovatore where the gypsy woman throws the wrong child on the fire. Easily done.
Benny (if it was he) asserted that he was Palestinian but adduced no proof. His adoptive parents were dead and he admitted that faked documents only proved who he wasn't. But he knew what his beloved 'parents' had told him and they'd had no reason to lie.
Hami supposed that blonde or redhaired children in a Palestinian family would be pretty obvious but stray genes can pop up in any race. He let it lie.
The next morning's emails brought up HOAX ALERT: DR BENJAMIN GOLDBLUM.
Open.

If, he read, you have received an email purporting to be  from the late Dr Benjamin Goldblum, please note that it is not genuine. It is a fake and a cruel hoax. According to the Nussbaum Clinic (where Dr. Goldblum worked for two decades), 'During his long and fruitful association with the clinic Dr. Goldblum's conduct was exemplary. The cavalier misuse of resources alleged in this email was totally at odds with Dr. Goldblum's character. His record-keeping was punctilious. We have no doubt that this malicious nonsense is false.
Furthermore, the email continued, although Dr. Goldblum made no secret of his having been adopted, we could find no-one among his many friends and acquaintances who remembered him even once broaching the subject of Palestinian parentage.

Quick work, thought Hami. Who, he wondered, were the 'we' referred to? How had they known he'd been a recipient? He read on.

If this article is shown to have distressed innocent people, it may be actionable; as may be the dissemination of untruths.

We. Would that be the clinic itself, intent on damage limitation? Or an arm of the Israeli propaganda machine? Or was it the genuine flagging up of a bit of mischief? He'd wait and see if the media picked up on the story. Meanwhile there was the latest song to work on, but that could wait. Now to sort out a software glitch for a paying customer. Hami sighed and started the clock.

 38.

Jesus began his second day of unemployment by timetabling POL bookings for the next few months. It would be interesting to see how many college campuses and arts centres pulled out when the new song launched. He'd have to schedule some extra rehearsals. Mo had sketched in some rhythms and chords and ideas for a kickass chorus but they needed dots on paper to learn their parts. Say two hours on Thursday at Mo's. Maybe Tracey could come too. She'd invited him over for supper and he'd promised to bring a pecan pie. He had a prebaked piecase in the freezer and Al had given him a bag of pecans from the family farm. Tracey had brought back a tin of English treacle from her last visit and he had eggs, sugar (a little treacle goes a long, long way), butter, lemons, maple syrup.
How deliciously naughty to be cooking on a weekday. Jesus felt a moment of glee. Not being chained to his workbench was a huge relief. He looked out of his window at blue sky and dusty palms and an irrigated green strip beyond the carpark where his Prius sat leaking money. Ah, nature! He'd enjoy it while he could.
Mo's idea was to end the song with the whiny taunt of the playground chant merging into Beethoven's Ode to Joy. Na nana na na, Nana nana naana naana (morphs and stretches) naana  naana Tochter aus Elysium... Went well with chopping nuts. All men shall be brothers. Not in these PC times. Pity all persons shall be siblings didn't quite have the same ring. Eggs and butter, maple and syrup... No, stop. Nearly forgot the grated nutmeg. He poured the mix into the piecase and decorated the top with whole halves. Into the preheated oven. Timer on.
He set to work on the third draft of the song. Time passed. The timer rang and Jesus took out the pie (slightly burnt) and went back to his laptop. After another hour or so this emerged:

Israel's our attack-dog, watch that shit
Her walls imprison both sides of the split.

Homeland and soil
It's all about the oil

In Palestinians Jews have Jews to hate
We like Israelis but despise the state

Dogma is mirthless
Human rights are worthless


Hamas was elected, good and bad
So crazed Crusaders dump on Muslims mad

Terror's an error
Baby's lost her carer

Don't let hocus-pocus choke us - focus
God is dead and all religion's bogus.

Holler to Allah
Cry to God in Gullah

Hitler flunked it;  Israel made Jews stupid
If you gotta get a god, choose Cupid

Loving beats shoving
Let's go turtle-doving
Freude, schöner Götterfunken Tochter aus Elysium
Live and laugh and love and litter so avoiding tedium
All persons shall be-e siblings
In the-ese sex-respecting times
Let's all join in love and friendship while repenting of our crimes
Elysium etc.'
 
Litter?
Litter was a fitter.
A cup of tea and the last of his imported Hobnobs. He had barely time for a shower if he was to reach Tracey by seven. He moved.

 41.

In 2013 Benny's birth-mother Leila was still alive. She hadn't been able to marry Yussuf, Benny's father, because he was a Christian while she was a Muslim. Also (but this she only found out later) because he was already married. Giving up her baby had been less a wrench than a huge relief. She tied down her breasts to stop the milk, got a job in a hotel in East Jerusalem and lay low.
She heard from the friend of a friend that the Goldblums had arrived in Tel Aviv with a new baby. All happy and healthy.
Leila prospered by stubbornly staying put. She studied bookkeeping and languages every chance she got and by the age of nineteen she'd made it from chambermaid to Assistant Manageress of the hotel. Two years later she'd married the son of the owner and went on to have another four children. The wedding night had been fun with one real and one pretend virgin. Over the next few months she taught Suleiman how to please her by putting ideas into his head.
All her children had fled. They were now in Canada, Brazil, Saudi Arabia and India respectively. All professionals, who had sadly produced only three children between them. One daughter (the choreographer) was a lesbian, one son (optometrist) had never married. When Suleiman died she'd sold the hotel but stayed on as a permanent guest in a small suite. A few blocks away Arab houses were being demolished to make way for a new Jewish encroachment. De facto annexation of East Jerusalem crept on. Leila's sight was going so she spent much of her day listening to the radio. One of the Hebrew chat shows had a Dr. Jonathan Lapidus on. Director of the Nussbaum Clinic. Talk turned to cybersecurity and Dr. Lapidus mentioned a recent incident in which an attempt had been made to besmirch the reputation of one of the Clinic's founders, Dr. Benjamin Goldblum.
Leila pricked up her ears. She'd followed Benny's career at a distance and hugged his successes to her heart. At the same time he had become a member of the race which had inflicted untold suffering on her people and she knew, for both their sakes, that she could never contact him. Thoughts of a sweet reunion were a pipedream. His death had been borne in silence.
'I would like to take this opportunity to warn anyone who may have received an email purporting to come from Dr. Benny Goldblum, that this is a hoax. I mean,' Dr. Lapidus continued, 'this imposter claimed that Dr. Goldblum was a Palestinian. Now I knew Benny as a friend and colleague for many years and while he made no secret of having been adopted, told me that his parents were Iraqi Jews who'd been driven out of the country and who'd both died of cholera soon after he was born. I can't say any more about this malicious fabrication as it is still sub judice. But when the very first assertion is a lie, that invalidates the whole thing as far as I'm concerned.'
'Absolutely. Thank you for warning our listeners. But I understand that you're here to tell us of some exciting new developments in fertility treatments.'
Leila switched off the radio. She was shaking with fury. She knew nothing of any email but knew for a fact who her son was. If Jonathan's own assertion was a lie, did that invalidate everything else he said?
But who would believe a half blind old woman? DNA tests? Would Israeli scientists falsify an inconvenient truth? Hell, yeah.
And what of the impact of her speaking out on her family and the wider community? The revelation that an unmarried mother had given her baby to Jews and later tricked her husband into believing she was a 'sealed bottle' would generate lots of gossip. Of course, it had been a long time ago but a reputation as having been a bad girl in her youth might be fun.
Would it traumatise her children to find out that they'd had a Jewish half-brother? A gay doctor who'd kept his origins secret until after his death? Ah, Israel. A country where homosexuality is legal but marriage between Arab and Jew is impossible. The kids would be OK with her news, she thought. She'd wait till they next phoned to tell them

 42.

The week wore on. Marteen's cheek moved to the greenery-yallery end of the spectrum. Esther and Bruce came over for supper one evening and were pleased at her progress. Another week off would see her back to normal. Esther (!) even suggested that Marteen didn't need to work quite so hard. At the rate she was tearing through the filing there'd be nothing left for the rest of them to do.
'It's the only thing that keeps me sane,' smiled Marteen. 'Cooped up in here with the blinds down it's like there's been a death in the family. All because of one tiny incident that was blown up out of all proportion. It's an awful thing to say, but at least the fuss over this rapist seems to have moved the focus off me 'n Charlie.'
'Thank God Aurora Haven pulled that poster,' said Charlie. 'And the last sneering innuendo in the paper was three days ago. This too will pass.'
'You were wise not to respond,' said Bruce sincerely, laying a hand on his arm. He brightened. 'Now, how about some bubbly?'
Bruce had brought a bottle of champagne and Esther a chicken and mushroom pie to add to Marteen's Swedish meatballs and salad of cold roast vegetables. Dessert was a devil's food cake with ice-cream. The chocolate fudge frosting had tried to slither off the cake but a spell in the fridge had sugared it up nicely.
Quite a good time was had by all. Even Charlie's gloomy rehearsal of how 'we wound up in this dump' provoked more indignation than pity.
'My new motto,' said Charlie wryly, 'is: live and - eventually - learn. I mean we knew we were overextended but we kept being told that the rising value of our equity meant that we could borrow more and more. Anyway, we lost the lot. The bank foreclosed and sold off the house at the bottom of the market and left us to pay off the rest. Last year that same house sold for twice what we paid for it. If we'd been allowed to keep it we could have paid back every cent.'
'We were ripped off, simple as that.' Marteen smiled ruefully. 'I'm certain the bank and the valuer were in cahoots, but just try and prove it. Charlie's pay's pretty good, actually, but we never even see a huge hunk of it. It goes straight to the bank.'
'Yep. We still live in the Wild West.' Bruce broke into a Dylany whine: 'Surm will rahb yew with a sixgurn and surm with a fountain pen.'
Funny 'cos true.
Talk turned to the library cat. The kittens were enchanting and Sadie would now rub against Esther's leg if she was hungry but still scratched if patted. Opinion was divided as to whether she was just playing (Esther) or really meant it (everyone else).
'She's nearly housetrained,' Bruce simpered. 'She does her business right next to her litter tray. And they say cats have no sense of humour. Are you sure you don't want a kitten?'
'I'd love one, honest,' Marteen said, 'but we'd have to keep it locked in or it would be dead in a week. That's no way to treat an animal - as I well know.'
'I may - and I stress may - have a solution to both your problems,' said Esther decisively. 'I don't want you to get your hopes up too much but an uncle of mine owns a little house here. He actually lives on the east coast and in the last five years he's visited it exactly twice. To be honest, he's not in the best of health and I can't see him taking a long flight anytime soon. But he likes to keep the possibility of a Vegas holiday open so he won't sell. He was asking a while back if I knew someone reliable who could house-sit for free as long as they kept an eye on the place. I think the two of you would be ideal. Of course he may have found someone else by this time, but it couldn't hurt to ask. And he'd have to be able to have the house back at any time.'
'Yes, of course. Absolutely.' Marteen.
'Not a problem,' rumbled Charlie.
'It's fairly near the library,' Esther ticked off the advantages on her fingers, 'and it's in a nice quiet neighbourhood. It's a funny little thing, like a miniature mansion, with columns and towers but it's in good shape, with all mod cons. You could easily keep a cat.'
'It sounds marvelous.' Marteen's voice had gone up an octave and her eyes shone.
'It's a very generous offer Esther,' Charlie conceded. 'Naturally we'd pay all the running expenses - electricity, water, rates and so on. But let's wait and see what your uncle says, before we get too excited.'
'What Charlie means,' Marteen clarified, 'is we'd jump at the chance. Unlike Sadie, we're both housetrained and Charlie actually enjoys a bit of DIY. She sniffed back a tear. It's so kind of you to think of us, I can't tell you. We appreciate it even if nothing comes of it.'
'Well dear, let's say I'm cautiously optimistic. I'll phone Uncle Louis tomorrow. Midmorning's usually the best time. Now, I think we should go. Thank you both for a delightful evening. Come along, Bruce.'
'Yes I suppose we must tiptoe off through the tulips. That bruise is healing up well, Marteen, but you're to stay away until it's quite gone. Don't forget the secret, arnica and lots of sex.'
'Bruce!' A playful reprimand from his boss, 'I can't take you anywhere. I'm tempted to make you walk home.'
'Please forgive me for once again lowering the tone,' he smarmed (with a roguish wink at Marteen), 'but I feel I have a sacred duty to the truth and in my experience nothing improves the circulation of the blood like -  a little gentle exercise.'
He mouthed 'lots of sex' as Esther turned to get her coat.
'I'll walk you to the car,' said Charlie firmly. 'This is a tough neighbourhood, full of junkies and muggers, although no-one's ever hassled us. They know we're locals. And not worth robbing. Actually, there are some heartbreaking stories out there. Vegas is booming but there are many more workers than there are jobs or houses.'
'One thing, living here is never dull,' said Marteen. 'You meet some amazing people. We've even made a couple of friends. But Charlie's right, there are definitely some areas to avoid. Thanks for coming to see us. I can't tell you how much you've cheered me up. As for the house, Esther, we'll just have to wait and see.  You go off with Charlie now, I'll lurk back here in case there's a photographer outside our door.'
Goodbyes, hugs and kisses.
Esther's old Volvo with all its steel wheels unstolen was where she'd left it. With relief, Charlie watched them get in and go.

 43.

After his bruising encounter with Moses, Vince had emailed the video of Charlie's breakdown to Ari.  Ari was a business associate. They'd brunched together a few days later. Ari was an Israeli master of hasbara - the relentless blasting of a pro-Israeli line with little regard to facts.
Ari recognised that the POL message was counterproductive but Israel claimed to uphold free speech. It would have to be a subversive attack. Sure, he'd see what he could dig up on Charlie. In fact, mirabile dictu, he was a director of a company, one of whose privatising subsidiaries actually employed the hapless drone pilot. Thus, although he'd never met him, he was in fact Charlie's boss.
Ari was short, brisk, brusque. 'You want scuttlebutt I'm your guy. Now that I come to think of it the company shrink is a distant cousin of mine. Maybe we could pay for some treatment. Find out if he's really meshugga.'
'Well, ideally, I'd like to prove it was the Prophets of Loss who triggered his trauma,' said Vince doggedly, 'although simply suing the band might do it. Getting entangled in litigation is a soul-destroying business. That'll wipe the sneer off their faces.'
'Soul-destroying. Not to mention wallet-destroying,' Ari reminded him cynically. He scooped a spoonful of melon and chewed it critically. He'd gone the health-food route: yogurt, muesli, fruit.
Vince had gone fried. Bacon, eggs, sausages, hash browns, toast, tomato and beans. He selfconsciously munched on a bit of bacon, hoping he hadn't insulted Ari by this paean to pork. To mention it at this late stage would be equally crass. He found a highschool memory that still delivered a jolt. His humiliation in front of a girl he'd been trying to impress with his sophistication. Turned out that gauche didn't rhyme with ouch. The coffee was making him jittery. He took a cautious sip of grapefruit juice.
'Are you leaving these?' Ari reached for the rinds which Vince had prissily cut off his bacon. Without waiting for an answer he took a crispy curlicue and crunched it between his strong white teeth,
'Uh, you eat pork?' Vince was studiedly neutral.
'I'm a Reform Jew. For us it's no big deal. I steer clear of fried food in general, but these little darlings I can't resist.' A mocking smile.
Vince changed the subject. 'So, anything in the way of promising investments? What are you up to these days?'
'Well, we're involved in developing the software for a fighter-pilot helmet. It shows a lot of promise. With cameras pointing in every direction it's like flying in an invisible plane. Turn your head a couple of degrees and you can see behind you, above you, below you. You can't be blindsided.' Ari took a folder from his briefcase. 'Look, here are some financial projections. As for the hardware, US military aid is being funnelled to an American company with an assembly plant in Israel. You can't lose. Now, perhaps you can give me some advice on tax.'
Vince obliged. He also mentioned the scheme to revive the Dead Sea with a pipeline from the Mediterranean. Ari pursed his lips. 'No, maybe if the price for hydroelectricity was high enough, but even then. And you can imagine the screams from the environmentalists. But I'll keep an eye on it. If it looks like taking off we can reconsider.'
Vince and Ari were realists. If Greater Israel required the ethnic cleansing of the Palestinians then so be it. For Ari there would never be peace until the Israelis owned every inch of the land and Vince wanted the same thing as a stepping-stone to the Rapture. God helps those who help themselves.
Ari tapped c-h-a-r-l-i-e c-u-l-y-e-r into his phone and stood up.
'I must go, Vince. I'll be in touch.' A firm handshake and Ari strode off to his next meeting. He stopped at the cash desk to pick up the tab. Vince was a cheap date and anyway he'd claim it back on expenses.
 44.

Moses magicked music out of thin air. Computers turned the band's three voices into a hundred-strong choir and Jesus's trumpet and sax became an entire horn section. The POL had enthusiastically embraced technology from the first. Many of their songs had them playing along with prerecorded sessions which were themselves recorded, adding layer on layer.
Sometimes it was the sparse simplicity of trumpet, voice and guitar.
Because the words of the Ten Commendments were important they'd finally opted for a blues with the first line of each couplet repeated and the second as a clincher.
The taunting chorus was also repeated until the last line morphed into fullblown Beethoven.
Jesus drove them mad with last-minute changes to the words but he was usually right. Each detail counted if it was to be a hit. They all worked hard.
Tracey womanned the cameras and Hami did most of the editing. He'd wanted to call the song All Genders Shall Be Siblings but was hooted down. They tried Juju Blues, The Decalogue, The Mark Of Cain and Signs And Portents before settling for Splitpea Blues (Or The Ten Commendments In Song).
They'd dressed up as folk musicians with corduroys and embroidered waistcoats and woolly hats and suede. Muted greens and browns with the odd splash of red. Straggly hair. Wispy beards. They looked they smelt of woodsmoke and lentils. The background was a slowly-shifting montage of various atrocities in grainy black and white and grey, darkening as the song progressed until it was completely black and three pathetic figures trapped in the cone of light of a single spot, sang defiantly on.
'And lo,' as Hami put it, 'as Beethoven kicks in the sun comes up on a flowery meadow and we skip around in a circle singing of peace and love.'
'Then run off giggling like schoolgirls,' said Mo. 'That could work.'
'How about "Pit Bull" instead of "Attack-Dog" in the first line,' Jesus agonised. 'Pit and shit are a sort of internal rhyme.'
'Bit poncey,' said Tracey, head judiciously cocked.
'Attack-dog's much better rhythmically,' said Mo. 'Pit Bull is two equal stresses.'
'Tricky trochees.' Jesus shook Finnegan awake. 'OK. We'll go with it for now. By the way, what happened about that doctor who claimed to have interbred those people?'
'He's disappeared off the radar,' said Hami, sucking his teeth. 'I've done a little discreet Googling but I haven't been able to get past the original email or the claim that the whole thing's a hoax. None of the big news outlets seem to have picked up on it. Maybe it's a provocation, hoping to goad me into doing something stupid. On the other hand if it's genuine there should be proof somewhere - a list of the true donors and recipients, say. That could be dynamite. If only we knew a hacker!'
'Don't look at me,' said Jesus hastily. 'I can say, hand on heart, that I genuinely don't want to spend the rest of my life in jail. Anyway, if we sperm donors lose our anonymity the supply will dry up overnight. The minute commitment to fatherhood goes further than jerking off into a bottle you've lost us.'
'So that's why you've seemed so drained lately,' said Tracey thoughtfully. 'But seriously, a list like that could do a lot of damage.'
'Witch-hunt of the halfbreeds by both sides. That would be interesting,' said Hami sombrely. 'Or you could form them into opposing teams. Let them fight to the death and whichever side wins gets to keep the whole of Israel. Or they could throw down their swords and embrace. Call them Paljews or Jewpals according to the ethnicity of the mothers,' he continued. 'Sounds quite optimistic. Or Jewrabs or Arajews. Hm. Less so. Argues and Jewgrabs more likely. Alexander the Great got his soldiers to marry the women of conquered countries. We're all crossbreeds now. We demand our own state.'
'That's no more insane than the current set-up,' Jesus opined. 'Even if the story's not true we could use the idea for a song.'
Tracey trotted off to reappear ten minutes later with tea and lemon-curd tarts. She perched on the arm of Hami's chair to watch the rushes on his laptop. Hami discreetly adjusted his trousers. Tracey smiled knowingly.

 45.

Marteen opened emails. Ben informed her that his trip to Zambia was off. Amy had been invalided out with a new variant of Blackwater Fever and was presently quarantined in a tropical diseases unit in Seattle. The disease was not serious if caught in time but it was highly contagious. On another topic, would she and Charlie fancy a picnic?
Marteen smiled. Ben had obviously no idea of the media intrusion and online frenzy that had stressed them out. Ignorance really was bliss. There was a choice - she could simply ignore this stuff as the trivial rubbish it was. Follow her own advice to Charlie. Her heart lifted, her chest expanded, her shoulders squared. She was on a mountaintop, looking down at a squalid swamp. She spread her wings, caught a thermal and soared away.
Reply.

Hi Ben, she wrote. Sorry abt Amy and Zambia trip. We'd love a picnic but it would have to be somewhere secluded. My face still isn't fit to be seen in public altho I feel fine. There's been some online unpleasantness about it, calling Charlie a wifebeater and such but we haven't responded.
Charlie is off Sunday and Monday and he quits at 3 most days.
Wish Amy well. See you soon. Marteen.

Send.
11:03. 5 hours till Charlie's return. She took a sip of cranberry juice on the rocks and wrote her initials in the dust on the tabletop. God, she thought indulgently, she was such a slut. She'd do some hoovering later. Meanwhile there was a lovely new filing cabinet to be indexed. Geology. She'd have to watch her spelling. Still, she might learn some new words for Scrabble. Oolitic, say, or tufa.
She looked at the card. Some Aspects of Karst. A paper by Rowe and Dent. Journal of Geology. 1974. There were links to palaeontology, zoology and archaeology. Her fingers rattled the keys. Data was inputted, to be kept for all eternity. Mind you, they'd thought that about microfilm. OK. Done. Next.
Phone. Oh, Ben.
'Hi Ben.'
'Uh, hi Marteen. I just got your email. I hope I'm not disturbing you at work.'
'No. They're letting me work from home until my bruised cheek is better. The online fuss was just dying down when some women's group decided to put my face on a poster.'
'What! I had no idea.'
'It was quite spectacular actually. They caught the moment of impact. I'd no idea my face was so rubbery. Luckily we got them to agree to stop before the posters were plastered all over Vegas. Plus the local paper's been a nuisance.'
'Oh dear, it sounds truly horrible. Well, we can easily postpone the picnic.'
'No, no. I'm desperate to get out. I've been in hiding in this stuffy little apartment with the blinds down forever. I'd love a picnic but it would have to be somewhere with no people.'
'Funnily enough the place I was thinking of is a research facility run by my department. I guarantee no-one else will be there although I was thinking of asking a colleague of mine to come. She's a botanist and very discreet. I think you'd like her. But I haven't asked her yet and I won't if you prefer.'
'No, I'm sure a friend of yours would be no problem. Bring her by all means.'
'Thanks. I will. There's a river there. Maybe we could do some fishing. Do you fish, Marteen?'
'Fraid not. Charlie tried to teach me but I lacked the patience. You catch 'em I'll cook 'em.'
'Fair enough. How does this Sunday sound?'
'Terriff. Does this botanical friend of yours have a name?'
'Catherine. She's in her fifties but great fun. She was the only one who had seconds of my fried cicadas. I'll see if she wants to come and we can firm up arrangements later. Bye for now.'
'Bye.'
Gone. Marteen took another sip of juice. She needed a pee but couldn't be bothered. She'd hold it in.
Next card. History Set In Stone. The effects of geology on the development of mankind. She looked at the synopsis and table of contents. Popular science stuff. Bits of anthropology, architecture, metallurgy. Link, link, link. H.K. Hamsun. 1st. pub. 1953.
She googled him. Wikipedia. There he was. Apparently much of his work had been discredited but he'd opened some fruitful avenues of exploration. OK.
Google's plan to digitise every book ever written into its data-banks was proceeding apace. There was something pathological about this hoarding, this hyperglut of verbiage. Wasn't there a need to sometimes slash and burn? The Renaissance, she'd heard argued, was based upon the misinterpretation of a handful of Greek and Roman classics which had somehow escaped oblivion, but that had turned out alright. Maybe more was less in that it cramped the imagination.
Once in a while the library had a cull of books which hadn't been taken out in decades, but that YouTube clip of a smack in the face was there till hell froze over. Or until some cyberattack wiped out the almighty Cloud. Or the electromagnetic wave of a nuclear bomb, or a particularly exuberant solar flare killed every computer on Earth. Odd that modern life depended more and more on the tiny electrical whisperings in chip after chip after chip. It seemed as fragile as a nest of spun sugar, as easily crushed; but its strength was in its ubiquity. Plus it was undeniably useful.
Next card. Old Sandstones. She plodded on.

 46.

Charlie's shift was going OK. Bobo was hungover, which quashed his loathsome ebullience, while Agnes smelt only of carbolic soap. Cecil was involved in some complex analysis of the jet stream.
The buzz about the upcoming assassination of Taliban leaders had died down in the face of no news. No doubt our leaders knew what was best. Sufficient unto the day and all that. Anyway, it didn't seem imminent.
Surveillance. It was like a poker-player looking for tells. Did that truckful of sacks hide an arsenal? Did it unload in the open or under the canvas roofs of the market? Was that mark in the road just a pothole or did it house an IED? A pickup crammed with men of military age looked suspicious. He passed a report up the line. He frequently reported fields of poppies but no-one even pretended to do anything about them any more. Our addicts were keeping the Taliban in business. Lots of the junkies in Vegas were vets. Some had picked up the habit while being treated for wounds. Survival rates were much better these days which meant that more and more despised and mutilated husks were tipped out onto the street. Even if not physically disabled, three of Charlie's old airforce buddies had OD'd in the last few years and two more had died in their forties from cirrhosis.
Mountains loomed. Charlie switched to manual control and that remote engagement which was as near as he got to flying these days. He'd do a slow sweep of that big ravine. Agnes provided windspeed and direction and he took the drone as low as he dared. The miniature world below reminded Charlie of looking through the clear water of a rockpool. There were a few small farms on the southern slopes but most of the land was scrubby bush and rocks. A motorbike threw up a plume of dust. Charlie zoomed in. It was a man with a woman, holding a baby, sitting sidesaddle behind him.
No signs of weapon dumps or missile-launchers. No heavily-used tracks leading up to the nearby caves. He zoomed out and passed a field of goats and a cluster of houses. What looked like apricots spread out to dry on a table. Apricots were Charlie's favourite fruit but the perfect blend of sweet and sour, firm and soft, juicy but intense, was hard to find. Back in their freefalling days they'd had a fan-trained apricot up against a wall. The ripe, sunwarmed fruit straight from the tree had been a taste of paradise.
Peasant women at a water-trough looked up at the drone then returned to their work.
The land rose steeply but Charlie caught an updraught and soared away. He switched on the autopilot, fed in the base co-ordinates and, as flaming sunset in faraway Afghanistan deepened to dusk, headed for home.
A nibble on a Snickers bar was a mistake. A pang shot through his tooth and carried on panging. He swilled out his mouth with tepid coffee, pumping it from cheek to cheek. Be a joke if that lie about the abcess turned out to be true. The pain diminished to a dull roar. Charlie swallowed. He slung his headphones around his neck. They still hadn't fixed that rattling vane on the aircon. Bobo was engaged in wheedling conversation with someone somewhere. Cecil's printer wheezed arhythmically spewing out tables and equations and graphs. Agnes was keeping an eye on a deepening anticyclone in the Bay of Bengal.
The beta-blocker must have been wearing off as his old sensitivity to noise was back. He had a moment of panic when he wanted to burst out of this pod and run away into the desert, but it passed.
The house that Esther had half-promised them was in a quiet area. Well, there was quiet and quiet. If something sounded too good to be true it usually was. Still, he could see Uncle Louie's point. It was better to have the place occupied rather than standing empty, a prey to vandals or neglect. They'd have to wait and see. Esther should've phoned the old guy by now but he might want to think it over. Unless he'd just said no. The prospect of escaping their present overpriced shithole was alluring but he braced himself for disappointment. Thirteen minutes of shift to go.

 47.

Esther had taken her lunchbreak at 11 in order to have a long talk with Uncle Louie. She settled down with a big mug of coffee, a cheese and tomato on rye and a doublechoc muffin. In for the long haul. When he got going Louie could huk the hind leg off a donkey. Poor old guy. With Zelda gone he was lonely. She should really phone more often. She tried his number and he answered at the third ring.
'Uncle Louie. Hi, darling. It's Esther, your favourite niece.'
'Esther. It's lovely to hear your voice.' Sudden alarm. 'Is everything alright?'
'Yes, yes. Everything's fine. I just thought I'd see how you're getting on.'
'Can't grumble. Well, actually, to tell the truth, not so good.'
Cue half an hour of kvetching. Esther, limiting herself to the odd interjection, made valiant inroads on her sandwich. She was just about to mention the house when Louie brought it up. No, he hadn't managed to find anyone yet. Esther leapt in. Yes, Louie agreed. A childless young couple sounded ideal. He still hoped to get out to Vegas one of these days but he'd had pneumonia in one lung and still wasn't a hundred percent. Shecky'd had a stroke - his whole left side was paralysed. Moira had died of cancer. At least the grandchildren were kaynanhora OK.
Esther took her last bite of muffin and washed it down with the last mouthful of coffee. Efficiency was her watchword.
'So, shall I tell these friends of mine that you want them to move in?' she asked. 'Would you like to meet them or at least talk to them on Skype first?'
'No, tsatskeleh, if you recommend them that's good enough for me. I'll cover insurance and any little repairs and they can just pay their own water and electricity bills. I'll pick up the city taxes. One thing, it must be clear that I can have the house back whenever I want, although I'll try and give them plenty of notice. I don't mind telling you it'll be a relief to have someone staying there. I haven't been able to sleep sometimes, worrying it's burnt down or junkies have moved in and trashed the place. I'll phone Bernie and get him to draw up an agreement. I prefer to have these things in writing. That way both parties are protected.'
'Good idea.'
'It shouldn't take more than a few days. You can give your friends the go-ahead.'
'Thank you, Louie. That's a real mitzva.'
'Not at all, they'll be doing me a favour. One less thing to worry about. So, when are we going to see you up here in Boston?'
'I've got a librarian's conference in New York this fall and I'm hoping to take a couple of days to see the family.'
'Good. That gives me a reason not to die just yet.'
'Come on! You'll outlive us all.'
'That I doubt. Anyway I've enjoyed this nice long call but I must go. Nadia's taking me to the chiropodist. I've been having such problems with my bunions you can't imagine. Well, it was nice to hear your voice again.'
'Likewise. I'll see you soon. Goodbye and love to Nadia.'
The transcontinental connection was cut.
Esther still had 7 minutes out of 45 left. Not that anyone was counting but one had to set a good example. She called Marteen at once with the news that 'fingers crossed' they'd be moving in soon. Shrieks of delight and effusive thanks which left Esther feeling somehow soiled.
Marteen abandoned herself to daydreams of suburbia while Esther returned to the depressing business of the library's shrinking resources. They were locked into a ruinously expensive maintenance contract which promised much and delivered little. The company was run by the son of a Congressman. Book purchases had been slashed and there were mutterings of redundancies in the pipeline. Was the house a sop to her conscience if she was forced to let Marteen go?
Thank goodness Sadie and the kittens kept her sane. She smiled, remembering how one kitten had fastened its needletoothed mouth on her finger and sucked vigorously. So sweet, but she could see why Sadie was sometimes tetchy. Still, after a little scratch and spit Sadie had morosely tolerated having her exposed flank brushed while six little kittens burrowed and squirmed and sucked her dry.
Sadie was on a special diet for nursing queens (as mother cats were known). Their library had five books on the subject and a staff fund had been set up to defray the not inconsiderable expense.
Marteen, meanwhile, was daydreaming about the new house. Would there be blinds or drapes or net curtains? She hoped her bruise had gone by the time they moved in. She didn't want to start off in a new neighbourhood scuttling furtively behind drawn blinds. Esther said the place was fairly basic. but, to the best of her recollection, comfortable. Marteen resolved to take lots of photos in case of disputes. The memory of the repo-men stripping their old house was still raw. The humiliating squabbles over what was whose. She'd draw up an inventory of every plate and spoon. They'd go through the contract with a fine-tooth comb... No, it was no good. She couldn't hold down her excitement. They could be out of this dump in a week. She began planning what to chuck.

 48.

A couple of days later Leila's daughter Yazzy phoned her from Montreal. Yazzy lapsed into Arabic with the feeling of slipping into a warm bath. 1p.m. in Canada was, what, 8p.m. for Leila? Yazzy had big news. She and her longtime partner Sylvie were getting married. Leila was the first to know. They'd fly her out to Montreal. She absolutely had to come. Daoud had also been invited. They could fly out together. The wedding wasn't till next April. She should start planning for a nice long visit.
Leila smiled at Yazzy's bossiness. Although the word 'marriage' had evoked a last flash of hope that Yazzy had finally come round to men, she had to concede she'd make a thorny wife.
Still, her congratulations were sincere. As for travelling to Canada, she'd see how she felt nearer the time. She took a deep breath. 'I have some news too,' she confessed. 'I've decided that the four of you deserve to know that you were not my only children. I had another baby before I met your father.'
'What?'
'It's true. I was only fifteen at the time. I thought I was in love with the father. You must understand it was in the middle of the Nakba - we didn't know if we'd be alive from one day to the next.'
Yazzy laughed. 'You must have been pretty wild in your youth. Wow! This is an unexpected side to you, Mom. So, what happened to the baby?'
'He was adopted. It was the best I could do for him. He turned out pretty well. I kept an eye on him from a distance. His new parents were good people. I could tell no-one, of course, and he never knew. He died last year. I never met him and now it's too late.'
'Oh God, that's so sad. So we could have had a half-brother?'
'No,' said Leila soberly, 'you couldn't. I gave him to a Jewish couple who were desperate for a child. I worked for them on the weekends. They treated me like a human being. They gave me those ruby earrings when I left because I was getting too big to work. I told them the baby would be brought up by someone in my family but our whole world had been blown to pieces. People were driven from their homes and farms. I'd lost touch with everyone. My parents were in a refugee camp. It was hell. To have kept him would have ruined both our lives.' Matter of fact.
'Yes, I can see all that. But to give him away to the people who were hunting us down like animals must have been agonising.'
'No. I knew them well. They were victims too, in a way. By luck they were on the winning side, that's all. The baby was brought up a nice Jewish boy and he ended up as a specialist in fertility treatment. He helped run a free clinic for the poor in East Jerusalem. Gay, by the way. What's in me that produces unnatural children?' A joke with an edge.
Yazzy laughed with relief that Leila could view her trauma so coolly. Her mother had always had a dry sense of humour. Years of running a hotel had given her a tolerance of the wide range of human behaviour.
'Anyway,' Leila continued, 'he passed away last year. Dr. Benjamin Goldblum. There were some very nice obituaries. Then, a few days ago I heard an interview on the radio in which someone was saying there was a false rumour on the internet that Dr. Goldblum claimed to be of Palestinian descent and he knew for a fact that this was a lie. He said he'd known "Benny" for years and there was no question about it.'
'Benny Goldblum,' Yazzy rolled the syllables mockingly on her tongue, 'my big brother. Well, why not?' The other part of what Leila had said registered. 'He claimed to be a Palestinian. When?'
'After his death, I gathered. It wasn't very clear. They talked about an email that was circulating and this guy, who'd worked with him for years, said that if the opening claim was untrue that invalidated the entire thing. The point is that I happen to know that his claim of Palestinian roots is true. To say he's not a Palestinian is a lie. What I want to know is whether I should speak out or not.'
'Phew! I wouldn't rush into anything,' Yazzy articulated urgently. 'It could get you in a lot of trouble with both sides.'
'Don't worry. I'll think carefully before I do anything. What's your advice?'
'Let me see if I can find out about what all the fuss is about. Have you got any proof he's yours?'
'Not really. I left him by the back door. They always went out there when they got back from work. I sneaked back later and saw he was gone. I'm sure they knew he was mine. They knew when I was due and he was wrapped in my favourite scarf.'
Yazzy, as was her wont, mentally translated the story into dance. A scared but resolute girl crept furtively through dark alleys with her newborn child. A last suckle then the wrench and stricken departure.
'It wasn't like you think,' continued Leila calmly, as if having read her daughter's tragic imaginings. 'It was a huge relief. I had no money, no place to live. How could I cope with a baby? I got a job peeling potatoes in the hotel kitchen. I slept in the coalhouse and they paid me in food. But from the very first, your father looked after me.'
'Yes, we've all heard the story of your irresistible rise,' said Yazzy gently. 'Have you told the others about their half-brother?'
'No, you're the first.'
'Well, I wouldn't say anything yet. Let me see what I can find out. Where did you hear this interview?'
Leila consulted the note in the large clear script her failing eyesight required. Details of date and time and radio station flew through earth and air and water and were accurately jotted down.
Affectionate goodbyes and congratulations and love to all and (especially) sundry.
Yazzy got Googling.

 49.

Ari, meanwhile, had not been idle. He phoned Cousin Ruth (Dr. Pepper to you and me) and apologised for not having got in touch before. They traced their kinship back to a pair of cousins in Frankfurt in the 1920s, one of whom had gone to Israel and one to the USA. They'd kept in touch and had even sponsored a couple of transatlantic marriages. Ruth's father, they worked out, was a second cousin of Ari's aunt by marriage. In any case, mishpocheh.
Isidore Pepper, Ruth's father, had met her mother when he was over on business in 1953. The antiquarian book trade in Israel was struggling and his English also he'd wanted up to brush. He stayed on, married, prospered. Plump Papa Pepper and his three sleek daughters. Ruth, the youngest, had never married, but her sisters had three marriages, five children and two grandchildren between them. Unfortunately all her close family were in New York but Ronnie and Rose were in town. She could invite them and the Hirschbaums over for Friday night dinner and it would be splendid if Ari could come.
He'd be delighted.

 50.

The peace talks were going nowhere with each side accusing the other of bad faith.
The POL spent Friday night getting their new video in the can. It was three in the morning before they'd finished but Jesus slipped out of bed at first light, too wired to sleep. His hope that Tracey wouldn't wake was in vain. She appeared in the livingroom some twenty minutes later, grumpily bearing tea and toast. Jesus was fixated on the video on his laptop and only the odd scratch and rustle from his earphones indicated that he was receiving the fullblown sound. He was feverishly jotting down things on a pad. Tracey dropped the tray on the table with a small crash. Jesus hit Pause and looked up. He took off his earphones. 'Hiya Snookums,' he said. ‘I'm sorry if I woke you but I just couldn't sleep. I've been thinking of some last-minute tweaks. How about a singalong version with a red ball bouncing along the words?'
Tracey uttered a resentful grunt and sat sipping tea and crunching toast and marmalade. In a minute she visibly softened. 'At least it's the one bearable part of the day before the heat leaps on you like a lion. Forget about singalong words.' She eyed the frozen screen critically. 'There's too much going on visually as it is. I would turn the background right down. You want to hint at unspeakable things not spell them out. Less black and white, more grey. Ootherwise,' camping up the Yorkshire accent, 'it's reet chumpion.'
Jesus absently buttered and honeyed his toast and took a bite. His left hand pecked at the keyboard. Play. Mute. Background Brightness down down down till the shadows began to blend with the dark. 'Crepuscule without Nellie,' he muttered and turned it back up a notch.
'Yes, that's it,' Tracey ruled. 'Don't touch it. Tell you what, we'll have a break and then we'll watch the whole thing right through and if it's OK you must promise to put it online at once. I can't stand all this fuss. Then we can go back to bed. Seems silly to miss the opportunity for some less inhibited lovemaking while Jake's away.' She had a point. Tracey was a vocal fuck and her efforts to suppress her moans and cries to spare her son's embarrassment had a cramping effect on her enjoyment.
Jesus put down the lid on his laptop, drew a deep breath and promised.
Tracey remembered a papaya in the fridge, went off to fetch it and came back with muesli and fruit juice and yogurt as well.
They fell to.
Over coffee and muffins they watched the final version of the song twice through then Tracey leant over and pressed Enter and the deed was done. The clickbait was down. Tracey had chuckled twice and sniffed back a tear so Jesus knew the song was good. And it was still just 6:41 according to the clock on the cooker.
What to do?
Cosy consensual sex to the strains of breakfast radio in the apartment above occurred. They succumbed to their natural urges and fucked their brains out.

 51.

Marteen was looking forward to a breath of freedom in the hills. Ben's picnic was going ahead. Charlie had offered to drive them in the Jeep and they would bring a barbecue with chicken and pork in case the fish weren't biting. Ben would bring fried cicadas as well as Tiger Prawns for the squeamish. And beer. Catherine put herself in charge of salads and had just made a fresh batch of brownies.
Louie's solicitor's secretary had been off sick but the house-sitting agreement was in the pipeline. The Culvers hadn't yet given in their notice. Even this squalid apartment at an exorbitant rent hadn't been easy to find and if the deal fell through it would leave them high and dry. Still, they couldn't help dreaming.
Charlie swung by Louie's place on his way back from work and took some photos. It was, as Esther had described it, a funny little thing with a pillared porch and Rapunzelly tower. It looked in pretty good shape although the pink and blue paintwork was a bit tired. The front was a gravelled car-park between two board fences but out back was an overgrown little garden with a stone seat and a rose arbour. Someone must have been watering things unless there was an automatic irrigation system. He couldn't tell from the road.
The neighbourhood seemed quiet. There were no revving engines or thumping music that he could hear. There was a putty-grey Golf next door, an old people's car. Kids' toys on the other side seemed unproblematic. Bus-stop on the corner. Bliss.
Even at four on a weekday afternoon there was light but continuous traffic but the street was too clogged with stop-signs to be a rat run. Most of the drivers looked resigned and weary. Charlie was home.
Marteen burst out laughing at the snaps but soon looked past the kitsch (this was Vegas after all) to the house's practical charms.
'Look, there must be at least two upstairs bedrooms, judging by the windows,' she pointed out, 'and that vent on the side must be the kitchen. Oh Charlie! Isn't this exciting?'
'Calm down, it's not ours yet,' said the Voice of Reason. 'It could still all go tits up. And even if we do get it it's only temporary. We shouldn't get too invested in the idea.'
'Oh, I know all that, but we can't stay here and at least it'll give us a breather - and a lot more disposable income. And it's near the library and it'll even cut time off of your commute. What's not to like?'
'Sure, it's a dream house made of gingerbread. No, seriously, it sounds good but let's not get too excited.'
Charlie knew about dreams. The dream he'd been wrenched from by the alarm that morning still clung to him. He'd been stumbling down the scrubbed-pine corridor of a sanitarium, his bare feet leaving a trail of bloody footprints behind him. A cold horror clutched at his heart. Faceless attendants lurked in the shadows, watching him with dead eyes as he crept on, weak and despairing.
He feared it would be back.
His day hadn't been too bad, actually. It had consisted entirely of watching presentations of the latest software and equipment and then completing an online proficiency test. Low-grade stuff. Charlie scorched through it although he was amused to see Bobo struggling. In the event he scraped a pass while Charlie wound up in the upper quartile. No big deal. 83% if you must know. A little flexing of the mental muscles had been good. And he hadn't needed beta-blockers to sail through his contractually-obligated training day. In fact he hadn't needed them much at all lately as some fresh Taliban atrocities had made his enemies easier to hate. He'd also reread The Old Man and the Sea with its moral that the fight was worthwhile even if all you were left with was a huge shark-stripped skeleton lashed to your boat. Raw. Elemental. Man and fish and sun and sea. Hemingway, he'd realised with a smile, was, behind all that curt masculinity, a screaming romantic and a sentimental boozer. But Charlie had enjoyed the ride.
He steered Marteen onto the prospect of their picnic with Ben. She'd wear a hat and scarf to hide her face and creep out onto the fire-escape and scoot down the alley as soon as Charlie brought the car around.
The hide-and-seek stuff was increasingly tedious but the thought of a few hours of freedom filled her with wild yearning. If the bruise's yellow and blue showed that it was in its death throes, it seemed determined to go out with a bang. There was no way it would be gone by Sunday and it would be a disaster if one careless photo on Twitter started up all that life-sapping guff again.
Marteen glumly scanned her unopened emails. Ah. One from the Prophets of Loss. A free download of their longawaited musicalisation of the Ten Commendments in the form of a song called Splitpea Blues.
'Sweetie,' she addressed her spouse, 'there's a new POL song out. Fancy a listen?'
'Sure. Why not? Give 'er a whirl.'
'OK. There's a link to their website. Just a minute.'
Cursor shift. Click. Again.
'Here we go. Wanna see the screen?'
'No thanks, I'll just listen.'
Bare acoustic guitar played a bluesy intro then in came the voices in three-part harmony. They sweetly sang: 'Israel's our attack dog, mind that shit/ Yeah, Israel's our attack dog, mind that shit/ Her walls imprison both sides of the split...
Phew. The taunting playground chant of the chorus extorted a chuckle from Charlie.
'Sh.' Marteen watched this jaunty folk trio performing in front of a backdrop of shadowy atrocities. Was someone actually sawing off a victim's head?  Cops were viciously beating a man on the ground. Truncheons rose and fell.
The sparse sounds thickened. A trumpet blared and an ominous bass clarinet churned below. The backdrop darkened. The harmonies became more lurid (thanks, Gesualdo) and the music drew them in. One minute it was smooth and sensuous and the next some terse words delivered a bracing shock. The song surged on, growing steadily more complex until it culminated in a wash of Beethoven. Marteen giggled at the ending with the three Prophets skipping girlishly through a flowery meadow as a spreading peacock tail filled the screen. Take more than that to hide the raw anguish behind the song.
'Well, that should rub salt into a few wounds,' said Charlie. 'Catchy tune too. And that bit at the end where they segued into the Beethoven was quite orgasmic. Was it Beethoven?'
'Yup. 9th symphony. The Ode to Joy. We butchered it in high school. Good thing it's out of copyright. You know, Charlie,' Marteen wound the spiral cord of the phone round her finger, 'I wouldn't mention that we like the POL to anyone at the library.'
'Well, I won't volunteer anything, but if I'm asked a direct question I won't lie.'
'Yes you will,' said Marteen fiercely. 'If our getting this house depends on Esther thinking we're fervent Israelophiles, then that's what she's going to think.'
Charlie took up the cudgels. 'So, as Groucho once said: "Those are my principles. If you don't like them I have others".'
'That's the spirit.' She caught sight of her reflection in the laptop screen and realised she'd adopted the role of hardbitten pragmatist versus woolly idealist. She smiled and returned to the fray. 'I don't suppose you tell your commanders what you think of the War on Terror, do you?'
'I make no secret of my opinions,' said Charlie a bit pompously. 'In fact many of the top brass share my views. I don't think they care as long as I do my job and follow orders.'
'Is there anything you wouldn't do?'
'I like to think I'd draw the line at the deliberate killing of civilians, but I don't know for sure. It's hard enough killing them by accident. Besides, if it wasn't me some other cog in the machine would do it. The only way is to stop the machine.'
'Good idea. And just how would we do that, pray tell?'
'You get to vote every four years for the lesser of two evils. The trouble with the war machine is that there's too much money in murder. Remember that moment of hope that Obama would pull us out of unwinnable wars and bring peace to the Middle East? At least he had the grace to look embarrassed when he was given the Nobel Peace Prize, having tripled Bush's drone strike rate in his first few months. He doesn't send prisoners to Guantanamo; nosireebob he just blows them off the face of the earth. I'd love to look in on one of his "terror tuesdays" when he picks his kill list. The fact that he's still 100 times better than Dubya is scant consolation. Trouble is, as a Democrat, he's got to prove his warlike credentials with increased spending on defence. So where's change gonna come from? Satire?'
'So you agree with me that since we can't change anything we may's well sit back and enjoy the ride. Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.'
'I don't agree. It's not all or nothing. Everyone must eat a bucket of shit in this life - but only the one. Now, how about a rousing chorus of Hava nagileh?'
'Attaboy. Oh. It's too hot to talk. Can I get you a rum and coke with lots of ice?'
'I thought you'd never ask. By the way, if those pyjamas are too hot, feel free to take them off.' He copped a feel of passing ass which pleased them both in different ways.
There was a screech and the tinkle of breaking glass from the street followed by  shouting and impatient hooting. The deaf old lady upstairs had the TV on loud. Garbled sounds of Spanish melodrama came through the ceiling.
'Can we hear that song again?' Charlie yelled. 'Then we can delete it.'
'Yeah, why not?'
Marteen sashayed into the room with two tall glasses clinking with ice.
She sat down and clicked on Play.
There were things they'd missed first time around. The breaktime chorus's wrongfooting got wittier with repetition. She patted out the syncopation on Charlie's knee. He smiled and nodded. Marteen felt a rush of affection. He was good to listen to music with - that was one helluva thing. If they could only get out of this shithole things would be OK.
A slug of icecold liquid slid deliciously down. Ah, that was better.
The music built and built, sweeping them up in its surge until the wave broke and swept up the beach. Heeeeere's Beethoven:

All persons shall be-e siblings
In the-ese sex-respecting times
Let's all join in love and laughter
While repenting of our crimes
Elysium, elysium
Diddle diddle diddle diddle diddle diddle diddle dum.

Silence, then falsetto giggles fading away.

Above them a toilet flushed and the pipes juddered and gurgled. The shouting below had stopped. Doors slammed, engines started and the caravan moved on.
Charlie smiled. 'Quite catchy, second time round. Terror's an error,' he chanted, 'Baby's lost her carer.'
'Don't! That's a horrible image. Let's hope the song stirs up enough dust to take the focus off us. What did you say about deleting it?'
'Just a joke. Why bother when your complete browsing history is there for anyone from Google to the security services to access. At least it's not illegal to listen to comic songs. Yet.'
Charlie's phone vibrated against his leg. He glanced at the screen. No-one he knew. Let it go to voicemail. He turned the phone face-down on a cushion until the urgent but muffled squawking had stopped. So it was he missed Ari's spiel that his drone software consortium, which owned a substantial chunk of the privatised bit of Charlie's unit, had decided to offer him, as a valued member of the team, six free sessions with Dr. Pepper. Please ring back to confirm.
He'd listen to the message some other time.
They drank too much rum and watched a chunk of Lord of the Rings and went to bed

 52.

Sunday was hot and sunny. Marteen slathered on coconut oil. Charlie stumbled in despite having, as he put it, 'slept like as log.'
'Yes, a log being sawed,' Marteen pertly remarked.
Charlie's hangover dissipated in the face of coffee, paracetamol and fried liver and onions.
Marteen stuck to muesli and herbal tea.
Charlie packed the old kettle barbecue and coolers full of food and drink in the Jeep then let Marteen out onto the rickety fire-escape and locked the window behind her. Marteen, in hat and sunglasses and with a scarf over her face, wondered if she'd be arrested as a burglar. All it would take was one panicky neighbour. It would be ironic, she thought, if her concealment led to more mugshots. No cat burglar could have more warily descended the rusty structure. She gained the ground just as the Jeep darkened the alley's entrance. She scuttled over and jumped in and they were off. Her eyes rejoiced in the squalid street and the blue sky stretching to infinity after what felt like years of being locked in a box. The sun, through the tinted glass, was warm on her cheek while her feet were deliciously chilled by the aircon.
Ben and Catherine were waiting downstairs with a superfluity of food and drink as well as fishing tackle and butterfly nets and binoculars. Catherine wore faded khaki shorts and hiking boots and brimmed with enthusiasm. She eyed Marteen steadily. 'The best thing for a bruise is gentle massage,' she schoolmarmed. 'I know. I have extensive experience of bruises, cuts and scratches - the honourable wounds of a frontier botanist.'
'I can vouch for that,' said Ben. 'Catherine's trouble is that she's pathologically fearless. She thinks nothing of hanging off a precipice by her fingernails to get a closer look at a liverwort. She drove us all mad.'
'It was a short drive.' Catherine shot Marteen an evil grin. 'If the boys go fishing, we could take a botanical walk. But I reserve the right to plunge into any thorny thickets that take my fancy.'
'Plunge away,' said Marteen gaily, 'as long as you recognise my right not to. But I'd love a botanical walk - it's such a treat to go out with a real expert. Ben on moths is absolutely fascinating. Well, for the first hour or so.'
'The girls, in the back seat, shared a laugh.
Ben was up front to navigate as the little unmarked roads could be tricky. They soon left the highway for one of a series of dirt tracks up into the hills. Charlie engaged four-wheel drive and kept an anxious eye on the temperature gauge. The old girl laboured upwards, treating boulder-strewn gullies and tilted slopes of scree with aplomb.
Ben jumped out and unlocked a gate and they were in the reserve. A few modest buildings huddled together with steel shutters over the windows.
They drove on.
'These mountains, separated by desert, are like islands in the sea,' Ben explained. 'Each one has evolved into a unique ecosystem.'
'But there must be quite a lot of overlap too,' Charlie objected. 'Windblown seeds and birds and such.'
'Sure. There's no such thing as total isolation. The Amazonian rainforest, for instance, is kept fertile by dust blown over from the Sahara. But there are significant genetic variations between populations of species that stay put. And if you know the rate of genetic drift you can get a pretty good idea of how long they've been cut off from each other.'
They passed under an overhang and up another steep and vestigial track and arrived at the picnic site. There were some large flat rocks in the shade of a cliff, but stepping out of the car, the heat hit them. It was that breathless time before the wind changes when all nature seems stunned. The new friends sat on the warm rocks and sipped cold beer. Charlie would sweat out the alcohol by the time he had to drive home. A trickle of water in a rocky cleft tinkled attractively but otherwise it was silent. Charlie felt the kinks and cramps in his mind dissolving. Marteen was blissed out.
Catherine picked up some woody detritus from a pile at her feet. 'This is an example of the long-distance dispersion Charlie mentioned. It's a type of tumbleweed. Actually it's travelled further than you might think. It's not an American native despite all those Westerns. It's a fairly recent import from Eurasia. There are quite a few tumbleweeds. This is one of the amaranths. When it's ready to procreate the whole plant snaps off at the root and rolls away until it finds a good place to drop its seeds. It can travel hundreds of miles.'
'They always stir me up,' Marteen emoted. 'These brave little adventurers at the mercy of any passing breeze. When I see one rolling by I just get this romantic urge to drop everything and surrender to chance.' She smiled at Ben and he actually blushed.
Charlie was meanwhile thinking that Catherine was by no means past it. If her face was a bit lined her tanned legs were shapely (if short) and her nicely-rounded ass would fit well in his hands. She seemed fun - a good sort. File under distant possibility. He sucked in his gut.
Ben went off but came back with the news that the river had dwindled to almost nothing and fishing was out but the air had begun to move and a little walk before lunch might be a good idea.

 53.

Splitpea Blues had started well, thought Mo. Over 1000 downloads in 27 hours was distinctly promising. Comments had settled at roughly 50/50 pro and anti. He wondered if people automatically chose sides so as to have a more equal contest. There had been a spate of close elections recently which may as well have been decided by the toss of a coin. It was almost as if people realised they had a meaningless choice and opted for a good fight just to enliven their drab lives. Thought Moses Weiler.
He scrolled down the comments. Only two death threats so far but lots of yelling about antisemitism, treachery and blasphemy. Pro's included: 'Tell it like it is bros. 9/11 was a government conspiracy.' and 'U show peace process for the hollow sham it is.' as well as 'Funky tune but you've ruined beethoven 4 me 4 ever.'
With friends like these...
An email pinged in from Jenny, lately returned with Hugh from Iceland.
Hi Mo, she chattily commenced, just a note to say I like your new song. Well, like seems a bit tame. It wrung my withers, despite the odd laugh. See you Thursday, Jenny.
Cool and friendly. Damn Hugh. Why couldn't he just die? Jenny had told him Hugh was fat inside despite being scrawny to look at. At least he wore his fat on the outside, like an honest man. Still, nil desperandum. Hugh was already half dead.
Elsewhere, Hami worked on his blog. This week's theme was Cupid and Cupidity following on from his discovery of Jane Austen's missing masterpiece Peculation and Speculation. It was not money but the love of money that was the root of all evil. He ran through some well-known scams and scandals and showed how American hegemony was hand in glove with the rise of the corporation though it was hard to tell which was hand and which glove. Capital demanded freedom from 'externalities' like pollution and inconvenient laws and devastated lives; and got it. When greed crashed the economy we bailed out the banks and only the poor suffered.
May I freak spankly? was Spoonerism of the week.
Jesus hovered over the download counter on their website like a broody hen, driving Tracey mad. Jake, back from his sleepover, honestly seemed to like the song. He was playing it for the fourth time in his bedroom so he wasn't, as he Englishly sometimes said, taking the piss.
'If you keep doing that you'll go blind,' said Tracey firmly, closing the lid of his laptop. 'Come on, let's go to the mall. I'll treat you to a cream tea - if they know what that is in this benighted land.'
'Yeah, I guess you're right.' He brightened. 'We'll go to Café Anglais. 'They do quite good scones. You know, those things you call "sconns". Does Jake want to come?'
No, Jake preferred to stay. But hey! Bring back cake.

 54.

Later that evening Charlie accessed his voicemail. Ari's message sounded phoney somehow. He played it to Marteen and she agreed it was most unlike the company to lavish free gifts on its employees. She did a bit of desultory Googling and found an Ari Neumann on the board of an Israeli software company which did indeed own a fair chunk of Charlie's outfit.
'It stinks,' she said frankly, 'but we should check it out. Six free sessions with Dr Pepper aren't to be sneezed at, as it were. But don't commit to anything for now.'
'Don't worry, I'll make sure it's kosher. I'll phone this guy tomorrow. Do you think the Israeli connection has something to do with it? Anyway, sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof as my Uncle Hank used to say. Did you enjoy your day out?'
'I loved it. Oh, Charlie,' she threw her arms around his neck, 'suddenly there's a glimmer of hope. It's just so inspiring being with people who love what they do.' She kissed him and disengaged. 'Catherine's a real sweetie. Who'd have guessed sagebrush could be so fascinating?'
'I liked her too, once I cottoned onto her dry sense of humour.' He grinned. 'She sure takes the mickey out of Ben but he seems to enjoy it. They're like a crosstalk act.'
'Or an old married couple. But when they both chip in on how insects and plants interact in these unbelievably complex ways, it's amazing.'
'And that's before you factor in bacteria and fungi and chemistry and global warming.'
'And us.' Marteen sighed. 'The way we rampage through these fragile environments, ripping up and poisoning whatever gets in our way - do you seriously think we'll destroy the human race?'
'Well we wiped out the bison and created the Dust Bowl,' said Charlie, with a shrug. 'And the rate of CO2 emissions is not only rising, it's accelerating. The military are great burners of oil. And letters off of explosions. And speaking of which, the old Jeep did well. Gave the suspension a good workout.'
'Ditto my buttocks, with all that bouncing around. At least those bruises don't show.'
'You poor thing. I'd better massage them at once.'
'Maybe later.' She restrained his hand. 'I'd like to download these photos first.'
Following Ben's quirky advice they hadn't taken phones on their walks so there were only a few snaps of the picnic. One of Catherine showing them how to eat a prickly pear with a knife and fork. One of Ben proffering a plate of fried cicadas. Charlie barbecueing, the girls laughing.
The food had been good. Cicadas, eaten with eyes closed and lots of salt, were edible but pork chops and chicken wings and prawns were more so. Catherine's salads were actually exciting. Beetroot, orange and watercress with tarragon vinaigrette proved popular. Marteen had three helpings.
Now, hours later, she was still full of good food and good cheer. A bit of colour in her face made the bruise less obvious. She had gone out and come back, thankfully unnoticed, but now was not the time to let down her guard.
Catherine had never heard of the Prophets of Loss so Marteen emailed her a link then logged onto the website herself. She scanned the comments but saw no reference to herself or Charlie.  They could relax.
Charlie's phone rang. He glanced at the screen. Private caller. Who could want him at nine on a Sunday night? Oh well. What the hell.
'Hello.'
'Is that Mr. Charles Culyer.'
'No. The name is Culver. How did you get my number?'
'From Dr. Pepper. I hope you don't mind. Ruth is a relative of mine. My name is Ari Neumann and I'm a major stockholder in the company that employs you. Your name came up and Dr. Pepper mentioned that you would benefit from a few more sessions with her to consolidate the good work that you'd already done. I like to think we look after our employees so we decided to offer to pay for them.'
'That's very generous, Mr. Neumann, but I'm feeling just fine at the moment. Could I save them for a rainy day?'
'No, that's out of the question. We're at the end of a financial cycle and we have a small amount left in our discretionary fund, but we can't carry it over. It's use it or lose it. If you don't want it we have no shortage other applicants.'
'This won't affect my medical plan?'
'Absolutely not. So. Do you want it, yes or no?'
'I'd like to discuss it with my wife.'
'What's to discuss?'
'I don't know. Yet. Can I let you know tomorrow?'
'Why not? I'll be over at the base in the morning. We could meet up for lunch. I'll be in touch.'
'Fine. Goodbye Mr. Neumann.'
'Ari, please. Until tomorrow.'
Call ended.
'Dr. Ari Neumann,' Marteen quoted Wikipedia, 'Israeli software engineer. That's him. He works on guidance systems for drones. You'll have a lot to talk about.'
'I'm not sure I want to be beholden to this guy. I'd rather do it through the medical plan if need be. Also if I'm suddenly having all these sessions it makes me look flaky.'
'On the other hand, she did help you a lot.  Read anything twice before you sign it. As they say, God is love - but get it in writing. It is a bit fishy having an Israeli pop up out of the blue. He must have seen that clip on YouTube. I can't see Dr. Pepper volunteering your name just like that. And he called you Culyer, whereas she'd know your real name. I would tread carefully if I were you.'
'Well, thanks. That's certainly helped me make up my mind. I'll sleep on it. I don't have to be in till ten. Shall we watch  Oh Brother Where Art Thou again? And then make mad, passionate love.'
'Sounds good to me.'
It was so-so.

 55.

Charlie had six weeks on the dayshift which meant night flying over Afghanistan. There was talk that the rescheduled meeting of Taliban commanders was imminent. The day of slaughter was at hand. Charlie had his beta-blockers ready. There was a message from Ari to meet in the canteen at one.
Ari was stocky and cocky. Buzz-cut fair hair, short-sleeved shirt, chinos. In reaction, Charlie piled on the lazy Southern charm. They loaded up their trays and found a quietish corner midway between the hiss of the espresso machine and Willie Nelson on the jukebox.
'Sure, I saw you on that clip,' Ari opened with a shrug, 'but it was only when I found out you were one of our drone pilots that I got interested. I'm pleased to see you looking so well. You're saying it was pure coincidence that you had that attack just when the supposed Israeli started shooting? '
'It was an abcess on my tooth is all,' said Charlie wearily. 'I reckon the sudden noise made me clench my jaw which must've set it off. It's fair to say I'd never felt such pain, but once it burst the agony vanished at once. Since then I've been fine.' The smile candid.
Ari let it slide. 'I gather you were already seeing Dr. Pepper,' he observed neutrally. 'She very properly refused to say anything about your treatment except that you were doing fine. I have read her report certifying your fitness for duty which is good as far as it goes, but chatting to her over supper she happened to mention that you'd really benefit from a few more sessions. Then I remembered the contingency fund and I thought why not? It's honestly that simple.'
'Uh huh.'
'Look, boychik, it's not charity. A happy employee is a productive employee. You're happy, we're happy. It's win-win.'
'Except that my team will think there's something wrong with me - always dashing off to the shrink. I presume it'll be during my shift so at least my line-manager will have to know what for.'
'So tell the truth. It's nothing to be ashamed of, just a short, intensive course of cognitive behaviour therapy to sort out a few lingering problems. It's better for everyone to nip potential problems in the bud. So, Charlie, you want it or not?'
'Yeah, I guess I will. Thank you, sir. Do I have to sign anything?'
'Not for me. Ruth and head office can sort out the paperwork between them. I'm pleased. You've made the right decision.' Ari leant back in his chair. Pals together. 'So tell me Charlie,' (a bit too casual), 'how did you come to be at this concert in the first place?'
Oho. Charlie smiled blandly. 'A friend had tickets.'
'They're very clever,' Ari inspected the nails on his folded fingers. 'I've listened to some of their stuff online, but I must admit I find their slanders about Israel hard to stomach. I'm all for free speech but to give the antisemites another stick to beat us verges on hate-crime.'
'I'm not interested in politics, Mr. Neumann.' Po face. 'When I'm on the job I follow orders. I leave my personal life at the door. I've had my fifteen minutes of fame and that'll do me for a lifetime.'
'I respect that,' said Ari, instantly changing tack. 'You know,' he mused, 'my company works in drone software. Missile guidance systems in particular. We're always on the lookout for experienced pilots to road-test our designs. You would stand a good chance next time there's a vacancy.' Ari dipped a hand in his pocket and pulled out an embossed burgundy and gold business card. 'Here's my number. When you feel ready for a change give me a call.'
'Thank you Mr. Neumann. I'll bear it in mind.'
'Well, I must go. Nice to meet you Charlie. Dr. Pepper will be in touch.'
'Good. Thanks again.'
'My pleasure.'
A handshake and Ari strutted off.
That Charlie was no fool. He would bear watching.

 55.

From a friend of a friend Yazzy got hold of a list of those Benny had emailed. She ignored the mainstream media and anything that smacked of officialdom or the establishment. Or had an Israeli connection. To the remaining five addresses she sent an email stating that she was doing research into online hoaxes for her PhD. Had they known the late Dr. Goldblum personally? Who would perpetrate such a hoax and why? Any relevant information would be much appreciated and held in the strictest confidence. Thank you, Yasmin Mahmoud.
Sent.
Hami opened it minutes later. Noted without prejudice.
Hm. He Googled about a bit. Yasmin Mahmoud was a not uncommon name. He found a Palestinian choreographer working in Montreal who seemed promising.
Reply.

Hi Ms Mahmoud. Are you the "noted Canadian choreographer" mentioned in Wikipedia? I'm afraid I never knew Dr. Goldblum; in fact the first I'd heard of him was when his email arrived, followed almost immediately by the claim that the whole thing was a hoax. It would be a bombshell if his claims of mixed parentage were true. I presume you have the original email - if not I'd be happy to forward it to you. I would be very interested in any actual facts you manage to unearth.
Good luck with your thesis,
Hami Aziz.

Yazzy was doing some Googling of her own. She clicked on Hami's blog. Noted without prejudice. Is Israel Real? came up. Yazzy smiled as Hami laid into the Zionists but he was equally unsparing of Palestinian corruption and ineptitude which made her frown but then grin. His brisk demolition of all religions was cheerfully bracing. A grisly phantasmagoria turned out to be nothing more than a crumbling stage-set which could be gleefully kicked down to reveal a radiant world beyond.
Yazzy was a non-disbelieving Muslim. She believed in food and festivals but hadn't been near a mosque in twenty years.
There was some dispute about lesbianism in the orthodox community. Should it be punished by lashing or stoning? Now she was planning to marry Sylvie who was not only a woman but a Kafir to boot. No grumpy old imam could tell her who to love.
Hami quoted one of Proust's devastatingly casual asides that of course no-one believed in God any more.
Of course. Funnily enough Proust also insisted that churches be filled with religion - the idea of turning them into secular museums devoid of their original function was repugnant to him.
Yazzy could appreciate that. Ritual was important. Theatre. Muttering magic spells as if they were true. She remembered a joke about someone taking his gay boyfriend, for the first time, to a Catholic mass. All went well until a priest passed down the aisle with a smoking censer whereupon the friend jumped up, grabbed the priest's arm and shouted: 'Look out, ducky! Your handbag's on fire!'
Sylvie believed in astrology - although she was happy to leaf through a dozen horoscopes until she found one she liked. Typical Aquarius.
Yazzy was disappointed that Hami had never known her stepbrother and had no idea why he'd been targeted. On the other hand he was certainly no Israeli poodle and he did seem open to the idea that the story might be true. She would keep in touch with him, especially as he was the only one who'd responded to her request. Now to work her contacts in the LGBT community. See if she could penetrate Benny's inner circle. His obituary had mentioned a long-term partner called Dov something-or-other. She hit the phones.

 56.

Uncle Louie's lawyer's secretary was back and had promised to sort out Uncle Louie's contract as soon as she'd cleared her backlog of work. She was looking at the end of the week, to be honest.
Esther told Charlie the news when he'd popped in to collect some more files, but said that Uncle Louie was still keen on the idea and that barring some unforeseen catastrophe it seemed sure to go ahead.
Charlie admired Sadie and the kittens but said that he wouldn't pick one out now as he knew Marteen would prefer to do it when she returned to work. Yes, her bruise was much better, thanks. A few more days and it would be completely gone.
On the way out Charlie saw the new Aurora Haven poster depicting happy women in a walled-off glade surrounded by dark and menacing woods. Black and white. The contorted trees reached out their snatching branches in vain. Not bad in a fairytaley sort of way. He detoured past the house again. Marteen had demanded more photos of house and neighbourhood. It would give them something to talk about.
He wouldn't mention Ari's almost-offer of a job just yet. He didn't want Marteen pushing him to go for it until he'd considered it himself. He'd wait for the quid pro quo of his 'free' sessions with Dr. Pepper. Probably some dirty work involving the POL.
Gridlock. He resigned himself to 45 minutes in traffic watching the fuel gauge creep down while the aircon guzzled gas and farted fumes.
An hour later, he was home. Marteen downloaded his photos onto her laptop and indulged in a virtual stroll around the neighbourhood. They'd be able to move in in a couple of weeks. She went back to the photos. There was a mini-mall nearby. The streets were clean, the houses amusingly pompous. Stuck-on stucco, mansard roofs, pillared porches. Quiet, respectable, boring people. Heaven. She Googled Aurora Haven to see the new poster. It was quite striking. Violence was out. Figures of women walked in a garden and in the foreground a pair sat on a bench, compassionate arm over the drooping victim's shoulder. A shaft of light beamed through the clouds, lighting the clearing as outside the wall the impotent thorn-trees snarled.
She fired off an appreciative email to the group. Really liked the new poster. Compelling image. She nearly added 'it hits you in the eye' but thought that humour probably wasn't their strong point. Thanks again for removing that horribly misleading photograph of her face before any more harm was done. Best wishes, Marteen Culver.
Charlie leafed idly through an old Newsweek. Car-bomb in Kabul. Old news. No Americans killed. A weeping man cradled a dead woman in his arms. Terror's an error, Baby's lost her carer. Terror's an error, Baby's lost her carer.
He pictured a bewildered infant whose mother was gone for ever. He still remembered being left behind by accident, aged three, when the family had gone to the beach. Of course they'd rushed back as soon as they realised, but the anguish of finding himself abandoned in an empty house had never quite left him.
As if there wasn't enough misery in the world, so many were determined to make it worse. Afghanistan, Syria, Libya, Iraq, the Congo... The list went on and on.
He tossed the magazine aside. Marteen closed her laptop. She'd also had a day of staring at a screen. Another quiet night in. At least the air was a little cooler. She found she could bear to think of eating after all. Was that cramp hunger or was it her period starting?

 57.

Dr. Pepper scheduled two sessions for Charlie within four days. Rumours of a big strike kept coming.
Downloads of Splitpea Blues were still rising but hadn't yet attained critical mass.
Israel accused the Palestinians of leaking details of the talks but it was not unthinkable that they'd done it themselves, to torpedo the negotiations.
What was certain was Israel's utter intransigence over the key issues. Said the Palestinians.
Hami compared the peace talks to a burning ship, holed below the waterline and heading for the rocks. A repeat of the stale ritual of former talks.

Well, Hami had blogged, At least Obama can say, like so many of our presidents, that he gave it the old college try. He pretends to give a shit, but America's interests and keeping Jewish voters onside mean that Bibi has a free hand in his Apartheid state.
Fun fact 1: More and more Jews are voting Republican these days. Democrats would do better to worry about getting out the Black vote.
Naturally, I'd love to be proved wrong and have the talks succeed but meanwhile I'm upping my Caterpillar shares.
Fun fact 2: Most victims of Muslim terrorists are other Muslims. So are most of the victims of US terrorism, come to think of it. Not that we're biased. Hell, we'll cheerfully murder anyone who gets in our way, irrespective of race or creed. Kill, maim, poison, starve - there's a whole smorgasbord of options. Not to mention the gentler arts of blackmail and lying and theft.

Christ, thought Marteen, reading this, he sounds just like Charlie.

That's not to belittle our great achievements, Hami continued. We gave the world Blues and Jazz and Rock'n'Roll. Landed men on the moon. Made some seminal movies, wrote some great books, painted some great pictures and so on. We were so confident that capitalism was superior to socialism that we had to crush the latter wherever we could. If this meant propping up tyrants and dictators, our bleating about democracy took a back seat. War was the thing. War against communism, war against drugs, war on terror. Except for our friends in Saudi Arabia who actually fomented terror on the Sunni side of the street. Meanwhile life in Iran, which had dared to defy us was Shia hell.
And, talking of Iran...

No, Marteen had had enough. She'd see what was trending on YouTube. That skateboarding dog was pretty impressive, she had to admit. She stole a sidelong glance at Charlie. He was hiding something, she could tell. Well, she'd worm it out of him.

 58.

Yazzy had spent some time reading Hami's blog. She dialled his number. Noted without prejudice.
'Hello, I'd like to speak to Mr. Mohammed Aziz.'
'Speaking.'
'Hi, my name is Yasmin Mahmoud. I sent you an email a few days back.'
'I remember. The strange case of Dr. Goldblum. Call me Hami. How goes the thesis? Has something new popped up?'
'Not exactly, Hami. In fact, I've been holding out on you. I'm not actually doing an academic project, it's more a personal thing. I do have some information, but I'd like to be sure you won't pass it on without my explicit consent.'
'OK, I agree.' Hami smiled. He liked bossy girls; there were plenty of those in his family.
'Call me Yazzy. I've been reading some of your blog and, on the whole, I like your ideas. I'd like to do some of your little fables in dance.'
'I'm flattered. Go ahead, Yazzy. I must confess I also looked you up online. Ballet kinda leaves me cold but your stuff really speaks to me. And not always comfortably. This is based on a couple of clips on YouTube which may not be representative.'
'No, I think they're pretty accurate. We aim to displease, as my partner Sylvie always says.'
Hami laughed.
'Anyway,' Yazzy continued, 'I do know one thing about the mysterious Dr. Goldblum. His claim of Palestinian parentage is true. I know that because we share the same mother.'
'Wow.'
'Indeed. I didn't know myself until a few days ago when she told me he was her son and my half-brother. She has no documentary proof, but I believe her. He was a Palestinian brought up as a Jew. That much at least of his story is true. I know nothing about what went on at the clinic but what got my mother interested was when some guy from the clinic was interviewed on the radio and he said that since he knew the claim of Palestinian ancestry was false so were the rest of the claims.'
'Hm. Slightly iffy logic, to say the least. So, what's your mother's story?'
'This is just between ourselves, right?'
'Absolutely.'
Ha ha.
'OK. She was a fifteen-year-old single mother in Jerusalem. This was in 1948, in the middle of the nakba. She had no-one to turn to. She'd been working for a kindly Jewish couple named Goldblum who were desperate for a child. So she left the baby on their doorstep, which was probably the best thing she could have done. She hasn't told the rest of the family yet. It'll be a shock to all of them, not to mention the trouble she might get from both communities. But if she thinks it's the right thing to do she'll go ahead.'
'It would sure stir things up again. But without some sort of proof she'd be sunk. Unless we dig up the good doctor for a DNA test. Besides, abandoning a baby is presumably some sort of crime even if she was a fifteen-year-old in a warzone. Not, as you say, to mention the social odium and the effect on your family.'
'Tell me about it.' Yazzy gave a fullthroated yell of laughter. 'It was bad enough having your daughter come out as a lesbian, though she gave me her full support. At least in public. My father's dead, so the revelation that his wife wasn't a virgin won't affect him. I doubt he'd have cared much anyway. He was a broadminded kind of guy. He used to say if a man can have four wives why can't a woman have four husbands?'
'And the rest of your family?'
'We four kids are scattered around the world - otherwise there are only a few relatives left in Israel whom she seldom sees. She refuses to leave East Jerusalem and lives in a room in the hotel she owns and used to manage. She's a tough cookie, but she is alone and her sight's failing. What good would the truth do now? I can't see Palestinians rushing to reclaim a gay hero who passed as a  Jew all his life and who claimed to have been mixing their blood with that of their sworn enemies for years.'
'But it was done with the best of intentions - to show up all this bullshit about race for what it is. Again, the only way to know for sure what he'd done would be to lay your hands on a list of the real donors and recipients. If it exists. But I wouldn't want to out people unless they were too important to ignore. The best option would be to offer confidential information as he requested. I could run some of these issues as hypotheticals in my blog. Stir up some debate.'
'Yes, you're good at infuriating people,' said Yazzy sweetly. 'How many fatwas have you got against you so far?'
'None that I know of.' Hami chuckled. 'Do death threats count?'
'Only half. So, do you think my mother should go ahead?'
'Sounds like you can't stop her.'
'Well, if all her kids were against it she'd probably hold off. I'll try and get some more evidence meanwhile. I've been pumping my gay sources. Benny had a longtime partner called Dov. Also dead. But a friend of a friend knows his niece and she apparently rescued a box of old photos and letters after his death. I gave her some guff about starting up a gay archive and she seemed happy to let me riffle through it once she'd removed any potentially embarrassing stuff. The feeling is if he told anyone his darkest secret it would've been his longtime lover. It's also a way to look into the life of a brother I never knew. I often took a bus near the Nussbaum Clinic. I might have bumped into him in the street. Oh well. As Sylvie says: Don't cry over spilt milk under the bridge.'
'Never buy a poke in a pig.'
They laughed, at home in the language.
'If your mother does decide to go public,' Hami offered, 'I'd be happy to post a statement on my blog. Of course, if she prefers not to be associated with me I quite understand. Anyhoo, Yazzy, I'll do nothing without your sayso, but it could be a zinger of a story if it goes ahead.'
'I think so too. Sorry if I've rambled on a bit but you've really helped clarify my ideas. It's been great talking to you, Hami. I'll be in touch. Look me up next time you're in Montreal.'
'Ditto you and Vegas. Thanks for calling, Yazzy. Bye for now.'
'Hey! I almost forgot. I loved Splitpea Blues. It's so deliciously rude. You need some help on the choreography, but you couldn't afford me. Otherwise A plus. Byee.'
A cheery slap in the chops, like one of the chaps, and she was gone.
Noted.
A spunky gal. Hami bet she'd egg her mother on. It would be fun to see the Israeli establishment squirm as one of its ornaments, one who exemplified all that was best in the Jewish state turned out to be no Jew at all but a member of the despised and hated folk from whom they'd stolen the country. And what of Dr. Goldblum's playful miscegenations? The obvious inference that race was irrelevant to a person's accomplishments was the one that could never be drawn. The facts were real but the inferences were drawn, folks. If there was a chance that Benny had left a list of his patients somewhere, it would be nice to find it. No doubt Jesus knew a reliable hacker if he refused, sensibly enough, to do it himself. He'd have a quiet word sometime.
Meanwhile those brothel sheets weren't going to spread themselves. Why did legalised prostitution, in so many ways a good idea, depress his spirits so? Maybe because risk-taking was part of the fun - a flouting of the laws of God and man. Back to the condom-supply contracts.

 59.

Dr. Pepper had reminded Charlie of the free Yoga lesson and urged him to give it a try. So he did. The instructor lent him a tracksuit and a Yoga mat and introduced him to the class - which comprised one man and eleven women of various shapes and sizes. Once he found himself concentrating on the exercises he soon forgot about the catlike forms twisting and stretching around him. The 45 minutes whizzed by. Then they lay on their backs, eyes closed, while Gary the guru quietly spoke: 'Imagine a cool, calm lake,' he intoned. 'It is dawn. Lilies are floating on the water and their lotus flowers are gently opening to greet the new day. Nearby is a flock of pink flamingoes...' Charlie, who would normally have scorned this corn, drifted off. He awoke some time later to the noise of the class packing up to leave. A feeling of wellbeing suffused his body as the endorphins kicked in. He went to return Gary's stuff.
'Well, Charlie. What did you think?'
'I'm surprised by how much I enjoyed it,' Charlie confided. 'And despite feeling slow and gentle it actually gave me a pretty good workout.'
'Yes. Yoga's not just for middleaged ladies. One of my classes is mostly men. I've got one pupil who's this seventy-year-old mountain-climber. He's quite a legend in the mountaineering community. I once watched him scale a cliff in like 15 minutes. He didn't stop once - he just sort of flowed up it. Beautiful. There was a TV interview in which he happened to mention that he'd been doing Yoga for years and suddenly my classes started filling up with all his young admirers. The thing about Yoga is that you can go as far as you like. If all you're after is an exercise routine, that's absolutely fine, but the spirituality and philosophy are there if you feel the need. I like to personalise my teaching, so is there anything in particular you'd like to work on?'
'Well, Gary, I do suffer from chronic backache - my job involves mainly sitting - and I could stand to lose some flab. But mainly I'd just like my body to feel in tune with itself again.'
'I'm sure I can help with those objectives. You could stand to lose about 20 pounds, I suppose, but what you said about feeling in tune with your body is more important. I'm not into fat-shaming - I used to be clinically obese myself. Fat but fit is also good.' Gary smiled, five foot nine of sculpted body glowing with health. 'Will we see you next week?'
'Yep, book me in. I'll get my own mat. Thanks again.'
Gary smiled, made a namaste and went off to his next class.
Charlie drove back through the desert. Clouds were piling up in the West but the forecast continued dry. He thought back to his session with Dr. Pepper. She'd been visibly upset. She was, she told him, one of the sponsors of a girls' school in Afghanistan. Just yesterday, one of their star pupils had been shot dead. Not by the Taliban, which would have been bad enough, but by her own uncle who thought education was ruining Afghani women.
Charlie had found himself consoling her. 'These things take time,' he told her. 'Let's face it, a hundred years ago our attitudes weren't much different. You can't blame people for feeling resentful when you come in and kick their thousand-year-old culture to pieces and tell them that ours is the only way. Not that I don't despise the Taliban,' he added hastily, 'and I'm all for education for girls - but to turn women overnight from the mothers of lots of children to competitors in an already crowded workplace is one heck of a change.'
'You're right, of course, but I feel I knew this girl. She wrote me in excellent English and I have photos of her and the school.' She sighed. 'And here I'm supposed to be reconciling you to the thought of killing people. Just joking.' A wry smile. 'I do see the irony, but someone who can't empathise with others is a pretty poor human being. I want to expand potential, not shut it down. There are times when the infliction of suffering is unavoidable but at least those doing the inflicting should be fully cognisant of what they're doing. If I accept that the targeting of terrorists is necessary - and I do - I must also accept tragedies like Aisha's death. A bright spark brutally extinguished.' Dr. Pepper shut her eyes and sadly shook her head at the folly of humankind. She took a deep breath and went back to her job. 'I hope you didn't mind my giving your number to my cousin Ari,' she said politely, 'but I did think a few more sessions would consolidate the good work that we'd done.'
'I don't mind at all - on the contrary, you've done me a favour.'
'Ari told me about your meeting. He liked you, he found you intelligent and responsible.'
'He dangled the possibility of a job testing new drone software.' Charlie paused. 'I may be paranoid, but suddenly paying for my psychotherapy sessions and offering me a good job on top of that kinda reeks of an ulterior motive. No disrespect to your cousin.'
'Well, I say cousin but he's really some sort of distant relative - but irrespective of that I do want you to feel free to say whatever you want, without worrying about my feelings. As it happens, I did think Ari was a little too keen to talk about you. Perhaps he's just a businessman hoping to poach some talent. I gather drone operators are in rather short supply.'
'True. I'll wait and see what happens before committing myself.'
'That's probably wise. Now, how are you getting on with your beta-blockers?'
Charlie abandoned his reconstructed dialogue and concentrated on passing a long truck loaded with a dismantled roller-coaster. A surge from the turbo and he accelerated past, timing it nicely in the face of an oncoming bus. The cars ahead were slowing as the Vegas traffic thickened. The tension in his shoulders, eased by the Yoga, was back, but things were looking up. The house-sit seemed certain to go ahead and Marteen would perhaps be able to appear in public tomorrow.
The truck he'd just passed loomed up, uncomfortably close in his mirror. Those movies of crazed truckers running you off the road came to mind. The playful smashing of the taillights, the shove, the skid, the broken safety-rail, the tumbling crash into the valley below, the fireball. Gave him the creeps. He saw a gap ahead and just made it with the eeowww of an outraged driver's horn Dopplering past.
He would tell Marteen of Ari's almost-offer. It would be marvellous to be free of direct killing but he'd be involved in the design of ever-deadlier weapons. As an Israeli firm there was the certainty that these things would be used on Palestinians. The words fish and barrel came to mind.
The clouds broke up. Under the pitiless sun the traffic slowed and stopped. Crept forward. Stopped. Was it backed up all the way to the Strip? He turned on his phone.

 60.

Eleven days into his unemployment Jesus, who'd got a new phone, picked up a text from his old pal Al of the password-cracking desk. It said: Meet fr drnk? Oneills at 6 ok? Call me what paul simon says we can call him
Al (call me Al) for sure. He did like his cryptic utterances and also had a filthy limerick for any occasion. O'Neill's was only a few blocks from Tracey's place where he seemed to have imperceptibly moved in. He could walk it, saving all the hassle of drinking and driving and  parking. Save money. He'd already burned through a thousand bucks. At least the band's bookings had stopped drying up and were, in fact, increasing. Tracey and Jake would be back later. He'd leave the mac-'n-cheese in the oven. Grate on some more Gruyère perhaps...
He found Al in a corner booth with a bottle of red and two glasses. Jesus was overcome by a rush of affection. Being unjustly fired must have bitten deeper than he'd realised.
Al had news. 'You did not hear this from me,' he said quietly, 'but rumour has it that the one who got you chucked out was one of the big guns in military procurement.' Al passed over a card with a name scribbled on it and pressed a finger to his lips. Jesus took it and, after a glance, stashed it neatly in his wallet.
'No-one I know.'
'Me neither. Seems he's one of these-here Rapture-mongers.'
'Another Vince Mortimer. That's all we need. He was the one in that interview with Moses. Did you see it?'
Al chuckled. 'Sure did.'
'Dear ol' Vince believes we're in the End Times when every Jew on Earth will foregather in the Holy Land where they'll spontaneously accept Christ the Redeemer and all the Godly will be Raptured to heaven.'
'Do you happen to have the date? I'd better pencil it in in my diary.' Al rolled up expressive eyes. 'Nice to know the country's in safe hands.'
'Well, I'll have a discreet look into any possible links with the gentleman in question,' said Jesus. 'But purely for my own satisfaction. It helps a lot to be able to narrow it down to personal stupidity and spite rather than a sense of malevolent forces set on my destruction. So, how's life around the old water-cooler?'
'Same old same old, though I do miss your sardonic point of view. Matter of fact I'm thinking of getting out myself. Cybersecurity is the next big thing. Showing companies how they can protect themselves from the likes of us.'
'While simultaneously hacking into the systems of their competitors.'
'Goes without saying.'
An hour and two bottles of wine later they lurched and stumbled on their merry way.
Out in the street Jesus resisted the temptation to lie on his back and look up at the night sky. Instead, he let his head float foolishly like a balloon on a string, looking down at his marching legs as they headed for home.
Tracey was already on her second G&T so found Jesus's drunken fumbling, bursts of irrepressible laughter and maundering account of his evening less annoying than usual. In fact, by the time she'd swallowed another drink, they were collapsed together on the couch, helpless with laughter. Jake gave them a superior, pitying glance (setting them off again) and went to his room.
Jesus looked blearily at the name on the card. Jim Carpenter. Carp enter. Fish come in. Jim jiminy, Jim jiminy, Jim Jim jeree. He struggled upright and went off to make Irish coffee. He dropped the card into the waste disposal. He hadn't told even Tracey the name and he didn't want to compromise Al. A grind and a scoosh and the macerated cardboard was flushed into the sewer. He'd like to see even the CIA reassemble that!
Now, my man, concentrate. Don't overwhip the cream. Pour it super-gently over the back of a spoon, a slow flow of silken lassitude. Hami had once defined lassitude as the study of girls. Perfetto. Upsy-daisy. The dangling tray swung gaily from its handle and spilt not a single drop.
Irish coffee. 'Earth hath not anything to show more fair,' declaimed Jesus. 'Or, as Wystan put it: An analeptic swig. No, not a swig. The secret is to sip it so you get just the right mix of coffee and cream.'
'Would you describe this as whiskeyed coffee or coffee'd whisky?' Tracey enunciated.
'The former. I'm not a barbarian. I mix it five to one. Just for the taste, you understand.'
'So why's it gone straight to me 'ead?'
'Not all of it. Quite a lot's gone to your hips.'
'Pig. Well, what did your mate Al have to say?'
'He found the name of the guy who forced me out - one of these Christian Zionist fanatics.'
'So it was the Israel lobby. I knew it. Surely that's illegal.'
'Try and prove it. Besides, criticising our staunchest ally in the Middle East might well make me a security risk if not an out-and-out traitor. As long as they don't ship me off to Guantanamo Bay I can live with being bumped out of a job I hated. Al's thinking of jumping ship too. If the POL folds we could go into cybersecurity or something.'
'Not if it means you walking around all day wearing that martyred expression. Patience. The POL's just got going.' Tracey glanced at her watch and stood up. 'Blimey! Look at the time. I've got to get up in the morning. I'd better drink a gallon of water or I'll be hung over all day.'
She went.
Late that night a deejay in Seattle played Splitpea Blues in the obligatory satire slot. Sports fans across the nation had tuned in for an interview with a footballing legend and hung on for a few jokes. Splitpea Blues took off in a storm of shock, outrage and scandalised delight.
Just 29 minutes after the broadcast the POL website crashed because of the cascade of demand for free downloads. (Admittedly, it was easily crashed). Who were these people still awake at two in the morning?
It was half past nine before a badly-hungover Jesus fired up his laptop. He'd fed and watered the other two in a daze before shoving them out of the door. A bit of desultory tidying up and a third cup of coffee and he was ready to face the day. He logged on and was astonished to see a notice that the website was temporarily down due to an excess of demand. Please to try again later. Hm. Could be a bot attack by their enemies to crash the website. Jesus looked into the history and found that the site had crashed and reset itself twice already and that the cause was the sudden downloading of Splitpea Blues. The counter stood at 3,548. He turned on his new phone. He'd chucked the old one, which had finally been returned to him, as being a security risk. Uh oh. Or was it oho? Five missed messages from Suzie. He found their agent's number and touched the green dot on his screen.
'Suzie? Hi, it's Jesus.'
'About time you called. The phone hasn't stopped ringing. Mainly from Jewish organisations threatening your band with everything from no-platforming to criminal charges. Two colleges have cancelled your concerts already. We'll have to sue them. Oy gevalt. Tell me why such nice boys have to offend the entire world.'
'Well, downloads of our latest video have gone through the roof so we must be pleasing someone.'
'Yes, the KKK. Free downloads. Just remind me, what is 10% of nothing?'
'Don't worry about a few cancelled concerts, Suzie, I'm sure the bookings will soon be flooding in.'
A disgusted grunt. 'Well, I have had a couple of nibbles,' she conceded grumpily. 'All I'm saying is be prepared for trouble.'
'Will do. Thanks, Suzie. I'll tell the guys. Meanwhile you can refer any troublemakers to me. I promise I'll leave my phone on. I'd better build some more capacity into our website. Hang on in there, Suzie, we're gonna be famous.'
'Rich I'd prefer. And out of jail. I'll see if I can get you a couple of interviews or guest spots. You can deal with the lunatics.'
'You have a heart of gold, Suzie. Bye for now.'
'Straighten up and fly right, Jesus.' Her tone softened. 'I'll be in touch.'
The website, like a lifeboat tumbled by a mountainous wave, righted itself, shook the water off its back and was ready to play. The download counter immediately leapt up by one.
By midday Jesus had diverted the flood into holding pens and the messageboard was up. He weeded out a few of the more offensive comments and picked a representative sample of the rest. As always, the viciousness of the personal attacks hurt. As Nietzsche sort of said, we're astonished when the people we despise have the cheek to despise us! There had always been backbiting and abuse but at least the chore and expense of writing and posting poison-pen letters kept the numbers down. Funny how the online surge of bile corresponded with the increasing sensitivity of the coddled young. Well, tiptoeing around to spare the sensibilities of Victorian maiden aunts wasn't the POL way.
Jim Carpenter. Who? Oh yeah. The guy who'd forced him out of his job. The name had all the sass of a boiled dishrag.
La cucuracha, la cucuracha... 'Hello.'
'I'd like to speak to Mr. de Santiago.'
'That's me. By the way, it doesn't rhyme with San Diego. Call me Jesus.'
'Hayzoos. Cool. My name's Matt. I'm calling on behalf of the Clarion, the student newspaper of Butterworth U.'
'Would that be the same Butterworth U that's just cancelled our upcoming concert? Can you tell me why?'
'I understand several student groups signed a petition after seeing that video. They say you're stirring up hatred and antisemitism.'
'That's simply untrue, Matt. Everything we do is in favour of increased respect and tolerance. We deplore the Israeli state's treatment of the Palestinians but I deny that makes us antisemites. And what about the rights of the students who do want to see us? Whatever happened to academic freedom and free speech? It's only one song you know. We've got plenty of other material for the easily offended. Just which of these student groups want to ban us?'
'Well, it's mostly the Association of Jewish Students but quite a few others too. The Methodists accuse you of blasphemy and the Latinos of cultural misappropriation.'
'Ho hum. Do we have any supporters? Who's stuck a head above the parapet?'
'One or two. There's a lecturer in Middle-Eastern studies and a few free-speechers.' Matt snickered. 'And the rifle club.'
'Wait till they hear our song about the NRA. It's set to the tune of Jesus Wants Me for a Sunbeam. Anyway, please tell our fans that we're sorry to disappoint them and tell the university that we'll be suing them for breach of contract. I presume you're recording all this?'
'Well, yeah.'
'Me too. We welcome questions and comments. My fellow Prophet, Mr. Mohammed Aziz has a wide-ranging blog for the terminally curious. Details on the POL website. I see there's another downloading of Splitpea Blues as we speak.'
Matt laughed. 'That'd be me. I've only seen a couple of clips so far. I might be back with more questions once I've watched it. Thanks for talking to me, Hayzooth.'
'My pleasure, Matt. I foresee a great future in journalism for you if you don't overly concern yourself with facts. Watch the whole thing then by all means come back to me.'
'Looking forward to it. Bye for now.'
'See you later, alligator.'
Jesus cut him off. He'd lied to that likeable young man. He hadn't, in fact, been recording their conversation, but that might be a good idea. He Googled how best to do it. Knowing Jim Carpenter's name had somehow lessened his paranoia. Now that his enemies had moved beyond the law Jesus felt suddenly reckless. Let them bug his phone, track his movements, hack into his computer. It didn't matter what they found: if they wanted to get you they would. On the other hand it was just plain dumb not to keep your data as deeply encrypted as possible. At least he could make the lazy bastards do some work.
He anonymised his search for Jim Carpenter using Tor. Jim carpenter christian zionist brought him right up. Anti-abortion? Check. Creationist? Check. Climate-change denier? Check. Staunch Israeli supporter? Check.
There was a photo of Jim and his dowdy wife Cindy and their seven children in front of the Resurrection Bible College in Arizona. Jim wore a black suit and white shirt with a heavy gold cross round his neck. A token of appreciation from the College, a caption explained, for his endowment of three scholarships and his unstinting support over the years. Jim had been a line-backer at college and had kept in shape and if his trim blond hair had gone grey it added a touch of dignity to his boyish features. His smile, with its flawless teeth, din't extend to his cold pale blue eyes.
His list of commercial interests was so extensive that, thought Jesus, he could run for president under the slogan of A Finger In Every Pie. Jesus imagined a wedge of pie - the crisp golden pastry, the succulent steak and kidney, the richly oozing gravy and then, suddenly, a finger. Pallid flesh, cartilage, fingernail, bone. Sucking off the gelatinous flesh like a dim-sum chicken foot. Giving someone the finger could acquire a whole new congeries of meanings.
Finger/linger seemed the only true rhyme but stinger or zinger might do.
Jesus had revelled in regional accents during his time in the UK and was amazed at how often, in an allegedly English-speaking country, misunderstandings and even total incomprehension arose. Tracey was a good mimic and could do a host of accents from Cockney to Scouse. Scousers were from Liverpool and humorously described themselves as Liverpudlians.
In Birmingham, England, finger and singer would rhyme as 'Brummies' (pronounced Broomays) favoured the hard 'g' midword making singer sing-ger. Still, doing an entire song in a Birmingham accent just for a better rhyme seemed kinda pointless. No-one would get it apart from Brummies - and even that was doubtful.
Fats Waller's Mandy romped through his mind:

So don't you linger
Here's a ring for your finger
Ain't it a humdinger...

Jesus turned back to his screen and went through Jim's list of directorships, looking for familiar names. Sure enough, the board of a military equipment supplier listed both Jim and Vince Mortimer as non-executive directors. Bingo. Vince doubled as a legal consultant. A major part of the company's business was the manufacture of aircraft components, many in collaboration with Israeli partners.
Did Jim actually believe this millennial bullshit or was he (ho ho) simply putting his mouth where his money was.
La cucuracha... He picked up, braced for abuse. It came from an unnamed spokesman for Campus Watch. They had a word for those who gave comfort to terrorists - traitors!
Jesus let the diatribe wash over him but the moment he tried to reply his accuser hung up.
Numbers and time noted without prejudice.
At least the autorecord program had worked and a complete record of the conversation was now stored in three separate places (Laptop, external hard drive and Cloud) adding yet more detritus to the information overload. He remembered the sigint boys combing the internet for terrorist activity and being swamped by false positives.
Too much or too little. There might be a song in there. He remembered Charlie comparing the view through the drone's camera to looking through a soda straw. The blinders de nos jours. He felt a song coming on. Open 'Lyrics' folder. He should have been working on the website but had to jot things down when inspiration struck. To tell the truth, most of his best work was born out of the urgency of displacement activity. He started to tap at his keyboard:

Some see through rose-tinted specs
Some see a world of abs and pecs
Some eye the bottom of a glass
While some zoom in on the Boss's ass

 Asslicking. It was amusing that 'rimmer' was also an old word for poet. Now, what rhymed with soda straw? Coda slaw, Yoda law, load o' draw. Yeah.

Some through the smoke of a load o' draw
But I see the world through a soda straw.

Jesus imagined three men dressed in black cassocks and black goggles, apart from a soda straw sticking out of one eye, like figures from Goya. The Prophets would bump, trip and stumble through chaos and catastrophe while singing that everything was hunky-dory. The Three Stooges meet Pangloss. Nah. He'd always hated the Three Stooges. Mo, (like Moe) would be sure to fall and crush the set. Hami could have the idea for one of his fables. Who could forget Incense and Insensibility, his satire on religiosity? He could call this one Nrrw-mndd.
Now to put the irk back in work. Jesus set about beefing up the website. Perhaps a cup of coffee and a blueberry muffin would sharpen him up.

 61.

Iceland, sadly, hadn't rekindled Jenny's love for Hugh. There had been moments. She'd found a tiny blue flower in a vast landscape of congealed lava almost unbearably poignant and Hugh's interest in fragments of Icelandic Saga was shared, for the first time, with a circle of fellow enthusiasts. His work was suddenly important. He came alive, but all his enthusiasm centred on philology.
Back in Vegas, meanwhile, the university wanted to cut his hours again. Zero hours would soon mean literally that. He'd been practically promised a guest lectureship in Reykjavik and actually received an offer in writing two weeks later. Not many foreigners spoke fluent (if a tad archaic) Icelandic. Hugh was offered a course of 26 lectures with free accommodation, plenty of time for research and almost twice the pay. How, Hugh asked, did Jenny fancy next summer in Iceland?
Hm. Long, long, long days. Green energy, clean air, friendly people who spoke excellent English and often Danish, German and French as well. As a small but cuddly brunette she stood out among the many tall blondes and she'd certainly seen signs of male interest. Plus there was free healthcare and education and a vibrant artistic scene. The exact opposite of everything she hated about Vegas. She'd have to give up her job as fact-checker for a clutch of women's magazines and didn't know if she'd be permitted to work in Iceland. Another faculty wife. At least it would mean a clean break with Mo but it would also mean much more time with Hugh. Her heart sank as she realised, with pitiless clarity, that not only did she not love Hugh, she didn't even like him. Come lie to me and be my love... No, she'd given it her best shot, but it hadn't worked. Besides, the thought of never seeing Mo again was intolerable.
'So?' Hugh's eyes were fixed on his empty plate. Supper was over. Soon it would be dark.
'No, Hugh. You should go but I won't be coming with you. I'm sorry, we both tried our best, but I'm afraid our marriage is over.'
'Was it something I did?' His agonised eyes swept over her face then dropped again.
'No. It's no-one's fault.' The platitudes tumbled patly out. 'You're a remarkably gifted, thoughtful person and you deserve someone who'll appreciate you - but I'm afraid it's not me.'
'I see.' Hugh hid his gaping wounds behind a stiff formality. He'd known that Jenny's sexual raptures had always withheld that final surrender. At times he'd almost felt like a rapist in his desperate urge to force her to connect. 'Is there someone else?' he asked dully.
'No, this is just between you and me. I'm sure you know I had a brief fling with Moses. I broke it off to give our marriage another chance; but I'm afraid it's no go. Moses has nothing to do with it. He knows nothing about my decision to leave you and I have no idea what I'll do next. I'll start looking for an apartment in the morning.'
Hugh began to cry - huge, wrenching sobs - then jumped up and ran to the bathroom.
Jenny watched him go with newfound equanimity. He'd get over it. If he met another dry old stick they could rub together to make fire. She smiled a wintry smile. The temptation to phone Mo to come and get her was strong but what if he'd found someone else or showed even the slightest hesitation? That might crush her determination to leave. No, she needed to be alone to see the road ahead. She could call a cab and go to a nearby hotel but that seemed a bit melodramatic, not to mention costly.
Hugh reappeared, whitefaced but calm. 'I'll have to let Professor Laxness know my decision soon. I take it you don't want to reconsider. Why don't you sleep on it?'
'No, my mind is made up. It's been a long time coming, Hugh, but I can no longer pretend to myself that I love you. I don't want alimony or anything - I'll just take my stuff and go.'
'I love you, Jenny.'
'No, Hugh, I don't think you do. You love the security of having me there, which is not the same thing. We're just too different. I know, for instance, that my refusal to have anything to do with your church hurts you, but those people just give me the creeps. And perhaps a slight interest in philology is worse than none at all.'
In Reykjavik (the name meant 'smoky harbour'), Hugh and five colleagues had spent the entire evening discussing the persistence of the letter 'thorn' (also found in Old English) in the Icelandic language. She'd pleaded a migraine and had gone off to lie in a darkened room to listen to Louis Armstrong's Hot Five on her MP3 player while trying not to think of a white bear named Moses.
When Hugh eventually came to bed she'd pretended to be asleep but made it up to him with an early-morning quickie before their trip to see a live volcano. The oozing magma with fire lurking under a heaving grey crust seemed like a window into the surly heart of the earth but perhaps she was just projecting her own unease.
Hugh had shrivelled into himself as he sat at the table slowly shaking his head.. 'At least sleep on it,' he repeated.
'No, it's over. I'll sleep on the couch.'
Hugh gave a broken sob then said: 'I've got a lecture to prepare.' He got up and crept into his study and closed the door.
Jenny went to throw a few necessities in a suitcase. She'd fetch the rest when she found somewhere to live. Even if she took up with Moses she wanted her own place. It would be an insult to Hugh if she moved in with her lover at once. Too Vegas for words.

 62.

Marteen and Charlie were also packing. Uncle Louie's agreement had finally arrived and had been thoroughly perused, signed and returned.
She was back at work and had chosen a kitten - a ginger tom which they'd decided to call Archibald for his comical expression of disdain. They'd get him once they'd settled in.
Charlie persuaded the landlord to waive their thirty days' notice in exchange for all their old furniture and they were off. It took only three trips in the Jeep to move their remaining goods and chattels. The house was a mixture of fussy and basic. The heavy drapes had fringed pelmets and the buttoned armchairs were overstuffed but the kitchen contained only the barest necessities. Luckily they'd brought some pots and pans and a set of knives. Uncle Louie had asked the gardener's wife to clean up the place before they moved in but there was already dust everywhere. Marteen vacuumed and wiped down and washed and gradually claimed the house for her own.
Esther came over to see if there were any problems and brought a carrot cake. In the hallway she knocked a particularly horrible green glass vase off its stand to smash on the tiled floor. Marteen, horrified, rushed off for a dustpan and brush but Esther just laughed.
'I always hated that vase,' she said airily. 'At least I didn't drop the cake - now that would've been a tragedy.'
Marteen wouldn't put it past Esther to have deliberately knocked down the vase to make them feel that the house was to be lived in, not handled with kid gloves. Charlie had already made Archie a scratching post in the vain hope that this would keep him from shredding the furniture, so far unscathed. Esther asserted that Uncle Louie loved cats and expected a bit of wear and tear. Little Archibald was almost weaned. Sadie was pushing her kittens off the teat with increasing spitefulness. She had also finally taken to crapping in the tray although her brisk scratching scattered the soiled litter far and wide. Never a dull moment.
When Archie, as he'd come to be called, arrived, Marteen spent the whole evening sitting quietly on the floor by his basket as she was sure he felt frightened and alone. In the morning, his food had gone but Archie himself had disappeared. There seemed nowhere to hide in the bare little utility room but they finally found him squeezed into an impossibly tiny space behind the washing-machine. After some manly heaving Charlie fished him out gently by the scruff of his neck and put him in his basket.
Over the next few days Archie seemed to realise that these huge lumbering creatures meant him no harm. He would bolt down the food they put in front of him albeit glancing up frequently to be sure they weren't about to snatch it away. The day he jumped up into her lap Marteen's heart melted.
Life was idyllic. The house, to Charlie's sweet relief, was quiet. In the back bedroom the thrum of traffic was no more than a faint perturbation. By ten at night the neighbourhood was in lockdown. Charlie sent Uncle Louie a dozen photos of the property and pointed out a few potential problems but said that the house was fundamentally sound.  The eucalyptus in the corner was out of control. Pablo, the gardener, wanted to cut it down. What did Uncle Louie think?
Louie was pleased things were working out. Chopping down the tree was fine by him but Charlie should check with Esther. He trusted the two of them to make the right decision. His health, sorry to say, was not of the best. He couldn't see himself making it to Vegas before next spring. It was a relief to him that the house was being looked after. Enjoy.
2013 would go on to be pronounced a 'year of carnage' in Iraq as 9,200 people were killed. Charlie had helped to kill five terrorists in Afpak but he'd been limited to logistical support. Bobo had actually pushed the button. Thanks to his intensive sessions with Dr. Pepper and a couple of beta-blockers he'd sailed dispassionately through. If not actual terrorists at least we'd nailed their SIM cards. Collateral damage was, as always, deeply regretted. Bobo called children 'fun sized terrorists'. At least he loved his work. Charlie had some way to go on that front. Even his hyperacusis seemed better, thanks to the magic of naming. The many aural assaults of daily life were more bearable and he'd even enjoyed an acoustic Dixieland Jazz band in a little club, though the two of them had sat close to the exit, just in case. Best steer clear of Heavy Metal and cicadas for the time being.
Charlie had almost forgotten Ari when the news switched to a small demonstration against an imminent POL concert at Caltech. Darting around the shouty protestors was the cocky little Israeli. He reminded Charlie of a sheepdog marshalling his flock with a nip here or an outflanking run there. A fat girl broke down in tears as she described feeling personally violated by the hate-speech of the Prophets of Loss.
Moses was nabbed by a reporter as he was passing by. What did he say to the charge of antisemitism and was he, in fact, a self-hating Jew?
Moses smilingly responded with a Jewish joke: 'The father says: "You hate me, Son." The son says: "I love you, Father." The mother says: "Don't contradict your father." '
Moses grinned, tipped his Panama and vanished into the building. Cue outrage.
The news moved on to a wildfire alert.
Charlie had been toying with the idea of going to the next POL concert. Now, to the fear of a breakdown was added the stress of possibly confronting Ari. Sometimes his baffled rage felt like an iron band around his chest. Obama was supposed to be smart so why persist in an unwinnable war? Unless the aim was to create more terrorists and so keep the arms companies happy.
Archie streaked through the room and was halfway up the velvet drapes before Charlie could stop him. There he hung, looking ridiculously pleased with himself. Charlie had to laugh and Marteen grabbed her phone for a quick picture. It took both of them to detach the wildly-clawing kitten. Perhaps he was now secure enough in his new home to be let into the garden.

 63.

In September 2013 alone 1,220 people were reportedly killed in Iraq but hey, who was counting?
Downloads of Splitpea Blues had peaked but the live concerts were going well. They were booked for next year's Burning Man Festival. Their childish but hilarious Farting Song about global warming had found its illicit way onto YouTube and had so far garnered 11,000 hits. It was based on a melancholy air by Dowland (was there any other sort?). It began: 'Now, O now, I needs must fart' and went downhill from there. The boys had considered stinkbombs or flooding the auditorium with smoke but settled for slowly dimming the lights as the background level of farts and revving engines inexorably rose.
A final chorus of racking coughs ended in a death-rattle as the lights went out.
4322 likes and only 137 dislikes. Progress.
Yazzy had received the box of Benny's letters and photos from Dov's niece. Also included was the old shawl in which Leila had wrapped her infant son. Leila had instantly recognised it on Skype and had been overwhelmed by a rush of memories. Her mother had given her the shawl in the happy days before the nakba and she'd always loved its rich (if somewhat threadbare) brocade. Then mad infatuation, pregnancy, betrayal and the horrors of war. That shawl was a final gift to her son, a sacrifice to propitiate the jealous god of his new parents. He'd kept it all these years. She blinked away tears. She'd made up her mind. She would go public with her story. First, she broke the news to her other children and once the shock and recriminations had died down (Why did you tell Yazzy about it weeks ago? What about the rest of us?) they all agreed, with varying degrees of enthusiasm, to support her.
Leila wrote letters explaining her claims in Arabic, Hebrew and English respectively and sent them winging through cyberspace. Yazzy stirred things up at her end.
Ping. Hami had mail. Hm. Yazzy. Open.

Hi Hami,
My mom has decided to go public about being the late Dr. Benjamin Goldblum's birth-mother. I've attached her letter to the world. All I ask is that if you do decide to put it in your blog please use the whole thing - it's only a page long. Then feel free to say whatever you like about it.
Cheers,
Yazzy.

Leila's story had the calm, dispassionate tone of a deposition.

My name is Leila Mahmoud, she wrote. I am a Palestinian, living in East Jerusalem. In 1948 I was 15 years old and the unmarried mother of a baby boy. This was in the middle of the murders and expulsions of the nakba. The father, whom I later found was already married, had vanished in the confusion. I never saw him again. I was in fear of my life. I had no knowledge of where my parents were nor even if they were alive. The Goldblums were good people who were desperate for a child. I knew they would look after him.

Leila went on to detail times and places. She had never contacted Benny but had heard reassuring news of him from time to time. When her son died he had left a posthumous testament acknowledging his Palestinian origins and claiming that he had for years mixed up Jewish and Palestinian sperm in his fertility treatments. She had come forward now because a onetime colleague from the Nussbaum Clinic claimed that he knew Benny to have been a pure Jew and since his initial claim was false it was obvious that the rest of his testimony was obviously bogus. While she knew nothing about her son's clinical work she did know that he was her Palestinian son. The shawl in which she'd wrapped the baby had turned up in Benny's personal effects and should a DNA test prove possible she would be happy to participate in an independent investigation. All she wanted was an acknowledgement of the truth.
Hami sent copies to Jesus and Mo (noted without prejudice) and went back to fixing a glitch in the brothel software.
Some hours and a quick wank later he addressed himself to his blog.

Regular perusers of this journal, he wrote, may remember an email which I received, purporting to come from a Dr. Benjamin Goldblum, an eminent specialist in human fertility. Dr. Goldblum claimed that although he'd been raised as an Israeli Jew he had been born a Palestinian. He further claimed that in his work at the Nussbaum Clinic he'd merrily mixed the sperm from both Jewish and Palestinian donors based solely on medical compatibility. His hope was that this acceptance of the other would foster reconciliation. Within hours I had received another email warning me that the first one was a malicious hoax and that spreading its lies might constitute libel. There the matter rested. However, new evidence has come to light. A Palestinian woman, Mrs. Leila Mahmoud, claims to be Dr. Goldblum's real mother. I have spoken to Mrs. Mahmoud's daughter who is convinced of her veracity. I can't see why Mrs. Mahmoud would lie about this matter, given that it is likely to result in mudslinging from both sides, but I just don't know the truth of the matter. Given that caveat, here is the full text of Mrs. Mahmoud's statement:

Cut and paste.
Hami went on to other topics. Was the Saudi princeling who'd been caught with his hand in the till to have said hand chopped off in accordance with Wahabi law? Well, 'chopped off' was a bit pejorative. These days hands were removed by Saudi surgeons (we're not barbarians, you know).
There followed a link to the POL and an article about the underground music scene in Tehran.
He signed off with Spoonerism of the Week: Democracy is the Pill of the Weeple.
Cousin Umar would be in town for a weekend of Muslim sin i.e. drink, sex and gambling. Hami had booked tickets for an R&B band which they both liked after which they would hit the casinos. Two single guys out on the town. Perhaps they could pick up some chicks. A cold grey hand clutched at Hami's heart. Thank heavens prostitution was illegal in Vegas. Ho' ho' ho'. Still, whoops prangs eternal as Joyce should have said.
He rang Jesus.
'Hiya Hay, how's tricks?'
'Copacetic, Bro. I got Mrs. Mahmoud's letter about being Dr. Goldblum's mother. Dynamite, if true.'
'It rings true to me, I must say. Her daughter Yazzy got in touch with me and seemed to think her mom might face a backlash from both communities and was only sticking her neck out from a high regard for justice. I reread Benny's confession and he comes across as a dedicated doctor. If he really did mix up the samples I'm sure he kept a list of the real people involved somewhere. He claimed he'd sent the clinic the true data in case of genetic disease and so on.'
'I guess we'll never know.' Drily.
Hami was left with a smile on his lips. He'd planted his seed. Now to wait.

 64.

Next morning Jesus strolled, sans phone, down to the local library for a dive into the Dark Web. Waters closing behind him, swallowing his trail. Despite the need to translate to and from Hebrew, the Nussbaum Clinic's records were almost embarrassingly easy to hack. So much for patient confidentiality. The official lists showed Jew to Jew and Arab to Arab inseminations. Each transaction bore a number. It all looked kosher. He accessed the clinic's email. If Benny was serious about his miscegenations there had to be a key somewhere. He uncovered the email which Hami had received in both Hebrew and English versions with one line added as a postscript. This said, simply: 'See attachment for list of genuine donors.'
Unfortunately, the attachment had vanished. He'd have to look elsewhere. Besides, it proved nothing. It could have been another of Benny's lies. Anyway, his hour was up. Someone was waiting for his computer. He went to the desk to settle up and found Marteen in charge.
'Marteen. What a pleasant surprise. I didn't realise you worked here.'
'Hiya Jesus. I haven't seen you in here before.'
'No, I've kinda moved in with Tracey and her place is just a few blocks away.'
Marteen glanced round to ensure Esther wasn't in earshot and carried on in a low voice.
'How're things with the band?'
'Pretty good on the whole. We're getting twice as many bookings as cancellations. The Israel lobby is still pretty vocal but the publicity only raises our profile. The thing is we don't want to be one-trick ponies.'
'You could do a song about library underfunding,' Marteen joshed, 'you know, something really controversial.'
Jesus held up his palms. 'No, some topics are just too hot to handle.' He smiled, then looked concerned. 'How's Charlie getting on?'
'He's good thanks. We're house-sitting at the moment, in a lovely quiet neighbourhood, which helps a lot. Hey! We're thinking of having a little housewarming party next Friday. Would you and Tracey like to come? And her son too, if he doesn't mind an evening with the old folks.'
'Thanks, Marteen, we'd love to come. I'll have to check with Tracey, but I don't think we've got anything on. Jake'll probably do his own thing. I'll phone tonight to firm things up.'
'Great, Jesus. I'll look forward to that.'
Jesus went just as Esther came over to ask Marteen to chase up the bookbinders who hadn't returned those historic editions sent for reboarding.
Phew! That was close. She'd explain to Jesus why she might seem curt if he came in again. Charlie was right: it was demeaning to have to hide your true thoughts but there was also the furtive glee of keeping secrets. She wondered if she'd chosen Friday knowing that Esther always had a family Shabbat dinner on that night.
Charlie had kept up the Yoga. Now that Marteen was back in circulation she'd find a class for the two of them together. After just a few weeks there was a new tautness to his body and the insistent jangling of his nerves had retreated into the background…
Marteen would keep the party small. Eight in that little dining room would be a cheery crowd.

 65.

Ari read Hami's latest blog with a scowl. He'd thought they'd dealt with Dr. Golblum once and for all. The rule was to rebut any anti-Israeli slur immediately and in case of incontrovertible fact to at least muddy the waters. Hasbara they called it - a relentlessly pro-Israel image to be projected at all times. A phonecall to his friend Yitzhak at the Jerusalem Post revealed that they were already on the case. Sadly, apart from a few minor disputes about dustbins and parking restrictions, Leila Mahmoud was clean. She'd run and owned a well-regarded hotel in East Jerusalem for many years and was a respected member of her community. Now retired but still feisty, character assassination seemed risky. Sincerely deluded might just cut it. Her announcements hadn't raised much dust. Only one dissident Israeli newspaper had followed up her claim, others had been warned off by the Nussbaum Clinic's lawyers. Worst case scenario: even if her claim was true that didn't mean anything else in Benny's manifesto was. If Benny was a Palestinian that only proved that bad blood will out. What further proof was needed for his malicious fabrication?
Keeping the lid on in Israel was one thing although mainstream media in America would probably fall in line. The danger lay in social media and in late-night comedians pushing it up the agenda. Another hit song by the POL could do serious damage. They had to be neutralised. Campus protests weren't working. Perhaps he could engineer another breakdown in Charlie Culver. Make treatment dependent on suing the POL for mental distress?
In Guantanamo he could simply be blasted with Heavy Metal 24/7 until he cracked. Perhaps 'accidental' bursts of noise in his earphones would do the trick. He'd get Charlie assigned the next kill to ramp up the pressure.
Meanwhile, he'd try some carrot. Charlie's phone went straight to message. 'Hi, Charlie, this is Ari Neumann. Just to let you know we might have another opening for a drone tester soon. Lots more money and the chance to be at the cutting edge of drone development. Call me.'
Charlie listened glumly to the message. He rehearsed some defiant comebacks in his mind but ended by tamely ringing his boss to say thanks for the offer but he preferred to stay put.
Ari let it lie. At least Obama's making nice with the Muslims had proved to be only words and he'd increased aid to Israel but he was still widely hated. This son of a Black father and White mother made Ari feel a bit queasy to be honest. What if Goldblum's mixings of Arab and Jew turned out to be true? The Nussbaum Clinic could threaten to sue anyone who abused patient confidentiality. British law was peculiarly amenable to libel cases. For something to be 'published' in the UK it was sufficient for it to have appeared just once on a UK website. You could be convicted in a British court for something that wasn't even a crime in its country of origin. Good idea. He'd get Vince to look into it.

 66.

By Wednesday Jesus had run into a brick wall. Although hacking into Benny's still active email account had been easy, there was a heavily-encrypted folder with a security system that allowed only three tries at a password before the document was deleted. Jesus could probably have worked round the problem but that would take too much time and effort. He'd had a quiet word with Hami at that night's band practice and he, in turn, had had a quiet word with Yazzy. Twenty minutes later a scan of the page of Dov's Filofax page of Benny's details was on the screen of Jesus's phone. Under most of a page of crossed-out addresses and phone numbers in Dov's flamboyant hand was a neat entry in block letters which read Pandora: BenOni48*.
Mo, looking over Jesus's shoulder, chuckled. 'Do you know what "Benoni" means?' he asked his friends. 'No? It means son of sorrow in Hebrew. Jacob's old wife Rachel bore him a son, named him Benoni and then chalished. They were running away from Esau, whom Jacob had shafted for the second time. Nize babies. That was the portion of the Torah I had to do for my barmitzvah. My shul bit as Dr. Spooner might have said. Jacob renamed the boy Benjamin or son of good fortune to celebrate the fact that at his age he wasn't shooting blanks. Benoni to Benjamin. Dr. Goldblum had a wry sense of humour.'
'It's a model password,' Jesus noted. 'A mix of upper and lower case letters plus numbers and symbols. The key to Pandora's box. Surely that must refer to the true list.'
'He was born in 1948.' Hami pursed his lips. 'Even the asterisk is a hint to look elsewhere for a further explanation. He asta risk it.'
Groans.
'Worth trying.' Jesus memorised the password (if such it was) and expunged the email from his phone. His mother's endless urging to tidy up as you went was essential for cyber-security. He just hoped Benny had ignored the advice to frequently change your passwords. Sloppiness was the hacker's friend.
Bright and early (what Hami called 'fraught and surly') the next morning he sauntered down to the library to try his luck. Marteen wasn't on till two so he booked his computer with a false ID card he'd once found taped to the bottom of a suspect's computer.
Five minutes brought him up against Benny's firewall. He took a moment to remember the password. Capital B, Ben (from Benny), son, capital O, Oni. Sorrow. Oni the loney... 48, year of both Benny's and Israel's birth. Asterisk. Vonnegut's crude representation of his asshole. BenOni48*.
First try. Keys rattled like dice in a shaker. Enter. Bingo, by Jingo! Oy veh, it was in Hebrew. No, wait. Scrolling down he found that Benny had kindly added an English translation titled: True List of Donors and Recipients to replace my falsified records from the time of my work at the Nussbaum Clinic. Names and dates followed. Jesus cropped all extraneous material and got a library assistant called, according to the badge on her left breast, Nichola, to print him off the couple of pages left. She didn't even glance at them, being more concerned with getting the library's temperamental old printer to work. Jesus paid the modest charge in cash and left.
The list was burning a hole in his pocket. He kept a hand on it, ready to discard or eat it at a moment's notice. No-one seemed to be following him but he took a couple of trick turns to make sure.
Leila had disavowed all knowledge of Benny's clinical work. It now seemed all but certain that his claims of mixed parentage were true and to bring that out now would involve her in the scandal. And naming names could destroy lives. Benny's hope that the discovery of foreign blood in one's nearest and dearest would lead to love and reconciliation seemed less likely than a descent into witch-hunts, suicide and murder.
Jesus remembered a story from Apartheid South Africa in which the child of an Afrikaner family was reclassified as Non-White, torn away from her White siblings and sent to live among the Coloureds (as those of mixed race were called). She'd been killed while playing on the very rail- track which separated the two communities.
Meanwhile, in the land of the free, one lick of the tarbrush made you Black. Ugh. Identity politics seemed to raise as many barriers as it destroyed. Was he really able to talk for no-one but US-born Latino atheist heterosexual Catholic men who were also hackers, musicians and poets? Oh, and who happened to have been raised in Sacramento? No, it was time to abolish these gimcrack partitions. After all, a mulatto was President of the United States and mixed marriages of all sorts were on the up. Many early Zionists had Gentile wives (some of whom they later repudiated) and Mo reckoned that something like a third of his relatives had 'married out'.
But the hysteria in Israel over Jewish purity was something else. Those with the weakest case often make the most noise. If his little list was genuine, the opportunities for blackmail were enormous. He hopped on a bus back to his apartment to get a few things. He was pretty sure he hadn't been followed but he hid in his closet with a torch in his teeth while he stuffed the crumpled sheets of paper in the toes of his snakeskin boots before replacing the newspaper wadding which kept them in shape. There. At least if his enemies found them Tracey wouldn't be compromised. Paranoid? Prudent. And if he died in battle he had an epitaph ready to go:

Stranger, share a cheery chortle
Death's Door is a Mortal Portal
Beat your breast and cry in vain
Jesus will not rise again.

He could see it on his headstone. He looked around the room. If he moved in fulltime with Tracey what would he do with all this stuff? He had friends still paying to store antiquated junk  which they would never use again. Tracey's little apartment was already stuffed to the gunwales. He wondered if Marteen and Charlie could use a sofa-bed. 'So far so bed' as Mo had once complained after a night on it. He'd ask them Friday. As for his new discovery, it would keep.



 67.

Ari was worried. The demos at the POL concerts had been meeting with more and more opposition. Netanyahu's intransigence didn't play well on campus. Obama told us he now called Netanyahu 'Bibi' but it was a poorly-kept secret that they loathed each other. Thank God for Vince and the evangelicals. They too believed in a Greater Israel where the Palestinians would be driven over the Jordan and Israel would come into its own. Ari's chest swelled at the thought of all that clean space (although even then it would be a tiny country, smaller than South Africa's Kruger Park). Why should the Araboushim begrudge his people this strip of land worth so much to the Jews and so little to them? At the moment the encroachment was gradual: the growth and spread of settlements; the increasing immiseration of Gaza; the quiet theft of land and water. Couldn't these vermin take a hint? No. They stayed and bred like it was going out of fashion. The only reliable breeders among the Jews were the ultra-orthodox who brought their own problems. Many of them believed that the Israeli state was illegal because the Messiah hadn't arrived and none of them served in the IDF. They also threw stones at women they considered immodestly dressed. His sister, wearing a decorous but shortsleeved dress, had been so assaulted when she wandered into the wrong area. These pale spiders didn't add to the gaiety of the nation. Still, they at least showed that we took the all-important pretext of religion seriously. That played well in the States. But public opinion still seemed to be turning against Israel. This BDS movement was gaining strength, urging people to buy nothing produced by illegal settlements. Since the Palestinians were doomed in any case, a bold land-grab now would be kinder in the long run. No-one was talking of giving America back to the Indians. It was hard to argue with a fait accompli. Questions and quibbles quickly quashed as his old English teacher used to say. Meanwhile there was the POL to be dealt with. He would also lean on Charlie.
Ari had watched some CCTV footage of Charlie at work and he seemed no more bored and restless than the average drone-monkey. During coffee-breaks he sometimes went through a standing Yoga routine. His relations with the rest of the team were cool and professional. He got through a lot of fishing magazines and cheap paperbacks with busty dames in ripped blouses on the cover. If he displayed no enthusiasm for his work, he did it without grumbling.
Vince had introduced Ari to Jim Carpenter, the guy who'd got Jesus fired. Jim said the CIA had put a tracker on 'that atheist bastard's car' but that it had hardly moved except for band-related business. Still, early days. As the IRA said: We only have to be lucky once - you have to be lucky all the time. Jim also said that the agency was keeping an eye on Hami. It was amazing that this apostate's fleering attacks on Islam hadn't earned him a fatwa but perhaps his enemies realised that his martyrdom (in the secular sense) would be counterproductive.
AIPAC had been working its friends in academia and the media to ensure as few bookings as possible for the POL and hostile coverage of those stories they couldn't ignore.
The main thing was to keep beating the drum that criticism of Israel was by definition antisemitic. In fact, an increase in antisemitism could be a good thing, keeping old grievances alive and encouraging more Jews to come to Israel. Since the last influx of Russians, the stream of immigrants had slowed to a trickle. Indeed, more were leaving than were coming in. Lots of young people couldn't wait to get out. Even Ari had to admit that escaping the pervasive watchfulness and omnipresent security measures of home for the relative freedom of the US was a relief. Besides, August in Israel was intolerable. That suffocating hot wind laden with dust made Vegas seem a cool oasis by comparison. A few years in the company's headquarters in Seattle would be very nice...
Meanwhile they'd keep up the protests. Those handpainted NO JEW-HATE HERE posters were brutally effective. The POL's next scheduled gig was in Reno. Ari scrolled down his list of contacts and hit the phones.

 68.

Marteen hummed as she strolled through the mini-mall. She'd limited her dinner-guests to eight. So as well as Ben and Catherine and Jesus and Tracey they'd invited her old schoolfriend Inez and her current partner, a Mexican called Ralph. Inez was fun. She'd been expelled from school for throwing some Jumping Jack firecrackers into the teachers' lounge after the head had turned down her idea of commemorating the 50th. anniversary of Hiroshima by having the pupils all sprawled on the ground as if dead while the sirens howled. She'd also been one of the first to oppose the war in Iraq from a feminist perspective and had gone to New York and had a child by a black Hip-Hop artist.
Back in Vegas for her mother's second marriage she'd got involved in an inner-city literacy project and stuck around.
Ralph was a comic-book artist whose powerful, depressing work sold badly.
Gazpacho. Marteen looked at her list. Bread. Some stale sourdough would be good.
She winced. That crack in her heel had opened up again. This dry air was hell on her skin. Still, at least the freezer section was cool. Squid, for the jambalaya. And crayfish tails, why not? Catherine would bring some salads, Jesus would make a treacle tart and Inez had offered stuffed peppers in case of an outbreak of veganism. Wine. Three red, three white. 10% off for six bottles. People were sure to bring more. Charlie could make his famous zabaglione. Take that, Fusion Cooking!
On the way out she couldn't resist buying Archie a catnip mouse. The saving on rent had almost doubled their disposable income. It was like a champagne rush. Of course, they had to be sensible but it was exciting to get out of the grim cage of necessity and frolic about in the prison courtyard for a while. That pink silk trouser-suit was reduced to $299. No, she was too fat to get away with it. She'd look like an overinflated sex doll.
Marteen had bought too much to carry so she took a cab home. Whoa, girl! Easy does it. She'd seen how quickly a gambler could run through a fat roll and be reduced to scrabbling about for a stake. There was a steady stream of suicides among the casinos' clientele. Vegas was known as the Suicide Capital of the World. Hell, folks traveled from all over the country to kill themselves here. One a month was the acknowledged rate, dwarfed, of course, by local suicides. Gamblers, junkies, whores, 'vets' - there were so many ways to fail amid the glitz and glamour.
According to Hami, Nietzsche had wondered if Hope, left at the bottom of Pandora's box, wasn't perhaps the greatest evil of all. Or, as Woody Allen put it: 'I felt a lot better when I gave up hope.'
Evil. Repel evil as a live leper. She'd got that palindrome from Ripley's Believe it or Not. She'd always wondered whether it meant repel evil as one would a live leper (was a dead leper less repulsive?) or did it mean repel evil as a live leper would?
She gazed out of the kitchen window. The eucalyptus had been cut down and Pablo's nasturtiums swarmed over the stump, creating a blaze of orange, yellow and red at the end of a shaded path. Her heart lifted. She would festoon the flowers over the mirrors and mantel. Cast nasturtiums on them. And a shallow bowl with floating flowers as a centrepiece. And, and, her Irish linen tablecloth, a wedding present from a favourite aunt. It wasn't bourgeois to like nice things. As she passed from one room to the other, Archie, hidden behind the door, sprang out and wrapped himself round her ankle, ecstatically clawing and biting only to suddenly let go and streak off up the stairs.
Marteen collapsed laughing on a chair and idly dabbed at the swelling drop of blood where a claw had gone in. She licked her finger. There was a crash from upstairs and Archie shot down again, ears back and tail straight out behind him, pursued by the Hounds of Hell. Marteen shooed him out into the yard and went upstairs to survey the damage.
A pile of framed family photos which had been placed on a rickety card-table now lay in a welter of broken glass. At least Charlie would be pleased. He  didn't like faces staring at him, he'd had to admit, after she'd caught him turning magazines and newspapers over. She knelt carefully among the debris. It wasn't too bad. Three smashed frames (cheap shit), broken and cracked glass. She went off and got cleaning-up stuff, then salvaged what she could and chucked the rest in a carton. She'd vacuum the stairs going down and then she could marinate the chicken and make a start on the gazpacho.
Charlie had told her about Ari's job offer and also of seeing him on TV at an anti-POL demonstration. None of his fellow-workers had been approached. It stank. She'd agreed he should politely turn Ari down. The extra money would've been nice, but, as Charlie pointed out, it would've mostly been swallowed by the bank.
It was grotesque that she could be standing peacefully skinning tomatoes, while in the world outside Uncle Louie's airconditioned kitchen, the thieves and swindlers who'd crashed the global economy in 2008 swaggered off with multimillion-dollar bonuses. Police shot Black people with immunity. Wars bubbled up like pimples on an adolescent's cheek. She felt simultaneously appalled and smug.
The tomatoes done, she cubed cukes and peppers and stale bread. Garlic, spring onions, dash of vinegar, salt and pepper, and olive oil all went in and were scooshed together and put to chill in the fridge. She would turn some into ice-cubes. Pablo had given her a bag of his homegrown tomatoes, which were the tastiest she'd ever eaten.
Some music would be nice. Count Basie trio. Cool, spare, exquisite. That'd do.

 69.

The tracker on Jesus's car led the CIA to Charlie's door. The car had been parked outside the property from 18:28 on the Friday evening until 11:03 the next morning after which it had been returned to its parking-spot, where it had sat ever since.
At midday, a few days later, Charlie was trying to sleep after his nightshift while Marteen was getting ready for her afternoon stint at the library.
Bing-bong bing-bong.
'Hello.'
Marteen took in the casual-but-respectable shirt and tie, the bland smile, the Ray-Bans.
'Good afternoon, ma'am. I'm sorry to disturb you. My name's Hicks, Beriah Hicks, from the County Records Office. He held out a laminated card for her inspection. I'm looking for a Mr. L. Nachemowitz. Is that how you say it?'
What? Oh, right. Uncle Louie. 'Sort of. Um, Mr. Nachemowitz (with guttural and vitz) doesn't actually live here. This is his holiday home. We're just tenants. I won't ask you in because my husband works shifts and he's trying to sleep. What's it about?'
'Nothing to worry you ma'am. There appears to be some mixup over a building permit is all.'
'Well, the best person to see about that would be Mr. Nachemowitz's niece who lives here in Vegas. She holds a power of attorney from him to deal with any local problems. Hang on, I'll get you her number.'
She left the caller in the hallway. There were a couple of letters addressed to Mr. C. Culver on the little table. Mr. Hicks took quick photos of them, back and front. He already had the Jeep's numberplate. He tucked away his phone just as Marteen returned.
'Here you are.' She gave him an index card with Esther's name and number neatly written out.
'Thank you very much Mrs?'
'Culver. Marteen Culver.'
That checked out.
'Well, thank you again Mrs. Culver.'
'My pleasure, Mr. Hicks.'
She felt the faint disquiet at any approach to the quagmire of bureaucracy. He crossed the street, got into his nondescript car and drove smoothly off.
At Friday's dinner Jesus had spoken chillingly of the increasing use of algorithms in everything from credit ratings to the targeting of terrorists. If you were a black kid from a bad neighbourhood the chances of a job or a mortgage were heavily skewed against you whatever your individual merits. The numbers didn't lie. Or did they? How many people had wound up tortured, imprisoned, killed, for simply sharing a name with some malefactor. One Muhammed Ali looks so much like another.
Considering that each of the guests had tales of impending doom in their own fields, the party had gone surprisingly well. Her fear that Ralph might find the POL's Mariachi shtick offensive was unfounded. He loved the band and found their guying of stereotypes hilarious. And they could play. There was a serious love of music in their mockery. Inez had turned him on to them although that hadn't stopped her zestfully attacking Jesus for not being radical enough.
Jesus and Ralph sang some Mexican folksongs. Ben recited a poem by Arthur Shipley, an English zoologist:

When we were a soft amoeba, in ages past and gone,
Ere you were Queen of Sheba, or I King Solomon,
Alone and undivided, we lived a life of sloth,
Whatever you did I did; one dinner served for both.
Anon came separation, by fission and divorce,
A lonely pseudopodium I wandered on my course.

A poignant poem, Marteen thought. Amy, Ben had told her, had been itching to get back to her mosquitos and flew back to Zambia as soon as her quarantine had ended. They'd had an awkward hour together at the airport. The subject of his projected trip out there never came up.
'I guess it's over,' he'd said. 'She kept talking about this Zambian colleague called Laurence. And her career. I was more relieved than heartbroken, to be honest.'
'No hard feelings,' suggested Inez innocently, 'as the actress said to the bishop.' Big wink.
Ben gave a nervous laugh.
Charlie was in earnest conclave with Jesus. He told him of Ari's persistent wheedling. 'The guy's an Israeli businessman,' he explained. 'His company designs software for drones and he also owns a big chunk of our operation. I'm sure he's only interested in me as a way to get at you guys. I very politely told him to take a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut. I saw him on TV at that anti-POL demo at Caltech. He was dashing around in the background, obviously orchestrating the whole thing.'
'Yep, you gotta give it to the Israel lobby: they never let up. And usually the weaker their case, the louder the clamour. As Emerson said: "The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons." They know the tide's turning against them. More and more countries recognise some sort of Palestinian state and academic boycotts and the BDS campaign are growing. Lots of diaspora Jews find Israel's aggression hard to stomach. It looks like it's heading towards the same pariah status as the old South Africa.'
'My boss at the library's Jewish,' Marteen hastily broke in. 'She's a lovely lady. We get on real well, but she won't hear a word against Israel. She's the one who got us this house. It actually belongs to her Uncle Louie out East and he's letting us house-sit for free. So I just nod and smile when Esther gets started. Hypocrisy. It's the American way. She'd plotz if she knew you were here, by the way. So if I suddenly seem cold and distant in the library don't take it to heart - it just means Esther's lurking in the shrubbery. Actually, it can be quite fun, like playing spies.'
'Duplicity goes back to the dawn of life,' Ben volunteered. 'I still think squirrels and bluejays get a kick out of pretending to hide nuts to fool the competition. And plenty of insects mimic more threatening species - flies that look like wasps, say, or eyespots on a butterfly's wings.'
'So you're saying it's natural to lie. You might almost say it's our duty.' Marteen earnestly furrowed her brow. 'Whew! That's a relief.'
'Well,' Ben began ponderously, then saw the elephant trap. She was joking. He blushed and smiled his schoolboy smile.
Amy must be mad, thought Marteen. Although, she conceded, living with a spartan obsessive like Ben could have its downside. Catherine had told her that she had, with difficulty, dissuaded Ben from bringing a plate of cicada patties to the party. He couldn't see why a valuable source of high-grade protein should gross people out. In the event, these particular people would have been fine with the concept. Trouble was, the patties tasted awful and you were still spitting out bits of chitin half an hour later. A cicada-juice and honey sorbet had also been memorable.
So Ben brought wine; Catherine, salads; Inez, stuffed peppers; Jesus, treacle tart and Ralph a superb tequila, liqueur-smooth and with none of the musty aftertaste of the massproduced drek.
Tracey presented a housewarming present - her own photo of a bulgy Durham Cathedral snared upside-down in a raindrop. The silvery hemisphere hung from a black thorn. Inside it the cathedral poked stubby fingers down into the boiling sky.
Ralph, whose comics were also black-and-white, whipped out a pad and pen and quickly sketched in the salient features with an impressive economy and sureness of line.
Surrounded by witty, talented people the evening flew by for Marteen. It was good to see that the confident smiling Charlie she'd fallen in love with was still in there somewhere. His zabaglione had been rapturously received.
The party broke up around midnight. Catherine, the only one still sober, offered to drive people home but Jesus and Tracey opted to walk (!) and Inez and Ralph wobbled off on their bikes.
The Prius sat outside flashing its invisible beacon to a CIA computer every few seconds.
Noted without prejudice. That came later.

 70.

Agent Hicks didn't phone Esther but he did Google c culver and after a brief digression (Did you mean Culyer?) up popped the YouTube clip of Charlie's notorious collapse. Yes, that was the same woman alright. Jesus's car had been parked outside her house overnight. None of the local cabs had picked him up. The husband, Charlie, was a drone pilot. A responsible job. Why was he hanging out with a lowlife like Jesus who'd been fired as a security risk? Charlie's anomalous situation as an employee of a private company which was seconded to both the military and the intelligence services, was full of tripwires. The CIA wasn't keen to admit that using Ari's outfit gave them plausible deniability. Nor to the fact that some of their top men held sizeable stakes in the venture. The company, hired for its alleged private-sector efficiency, was likewise keen to avoid opening its books.
Not Beriah Hicks's problem. He just shovelled up the data and fed it into the Agency's gaping maw. He typed up and emailed his encrypted report and went off to spy on some other troublemakers.
There was a mole in what was left of the Occupy movement that he was scheduled to debrief. Jesus's associates were someone else's problem now.
Just time for lunch. Microwaved pie, instant coffee, Tums.

 71.

Jesus was working on the lyrics to I Got Algorithm. Mo had stuck a stumbling-block into the Gershwin boys' old standard.

I got algorithm
I gugugot muhuhusic...

The melody lurched and staggered through an attack on the blind power of predictive software in people's lives.
Hami had wanted to work in the Bed of Procrustes but feared it might be a bit recondite for most of their audience. Even his fellow Prophets of Loss were a bit hazy.
'Procrustes,' he'd had to explain, 'was an ancient Greek robber who had an iron bed. If his guests were too short for it, he stretched them, if too tall, he lopped off the overhanging bits. I guess he must have been pretty pissed if someone was a perfect fit. Hence "Procrustean", a one-size-fits-all-or-else philosophy.'
'Procrustean!' Jesus winced. 'It's hard enough finding rhymes for algorithm. My feeling is, if it needs to be explained it could be a song of its own.'
'Yeah. Could do it Gospel style like those great retellings of Bible stories.' Mo vamped an intro then burst into song: 'Now Procrustes he was an Attic thief, in the good old days of old...'
'Attic as in from Attica,' Hami faux-wearily observed. 'Can't help thinking most folks would think of an attic thief as the kind of bozo who'd rob Anne Frank. Or who'd run off with the top of your house.'
'We could have a song made entirely of footnotes,' enthused Jesus. 'Explaining each word as we went along. It would be the size of the universe by the time we'd finished. We'll put that in the maybe folder. Meanwhile, here's something that might interest you.' He handed Hami a scrap of paper.
Hami looked at the five words written on it. They read: 'I've got a little list.' Mild puzzlement led to wide-eyed comprehension. He beckoned Mo over and showed him the slip along with some whispered elucidation. The POL adjourned to Mo's kitchen for coffee and kugelhopf. The hiss of the espresso machine would drown out their conversation. Jesus rolled up the paper, drew it out into a spill which he lit with a lighter to light a joint. Then he held the spill over the ashtray until it was quite consumed and he'd burnt his fingers and set off the smoke alarm. Mo snatched the squalling thing from the wall and rushed outside where the sultry night air eventually soothed its sensors.
They reconvened.
'It could be another bluff,' said Jesus, 'but I think it's the real McCoy.' He mashed up the ashes with his teaspoon.
'It's tricky,' Mo rumbled. 'We could just dump the lot on Wikileaks but that would betray patient confidentiality and possibly hurt a lot of people. Equally, people have a right to know their ethnicity, whatever that is, if they feel it's important. Ideally we want to force the, um, establishment in question to own up to what's happened and offer to tell their patients if they want to know.'
'Someone should trawl through the list for public figures,' murmured Hami as if to himself.
Jesus rolled his eyes.
Coffee and kugelhopf called.

 72.

Beriah Hicks's report was copied to Jim Carpenter who told Vince who told Ari that Jesus's car had been parked outside Charlie's house overnight.
Ari's eyes narrowed. So. Charlie was consorting with a foe of Eretz Yisroel. That story about just happening to be at that POL concert was a lie. Was this the right man to be fighting Islamic terrorists? Would he bomb Hamas or Hezbollah if so ordered? Firing him would be problematic. Better to engineer a breakdown and blame the POL. And Ari went off to destroy Charlie's life.

 73.

Shift work was hell. The only way Charlie could stay awake from ten at night to six the next morning was by sluicing down cup after cup of strong black coffee accompanied with handfuls of sugary snacks. This left him so wired that he couldn't sleep during the day while Marteen was out and only fell into a few hours of fitful slumber in the late afternoon.
Archie didn't help. Locked out of the bedroom he scratched at the door and yowled. Let in, he would at first settle into the hollow of Charlie's back but within minutes he'd reach out an exploratory paw and gently flex his claws. As Charlie was naked under the sheet the effect was, to put it mildly, anti-soporific. If he lay on his back Archie clung, purring, to his chest while inching slowly up until, claws pricking Charlie's cheek, they were nose to nose. The only thing was to give up, go downstairs, point out to Archie that he still had plenty of food in his bowl, wait while he grudgingly ate a few mouthfuls, chuck him out into the garden and go back to wrestling with Morpheus...
A change of shift also meant working with a whole new bunch of people both at the base and out in Afghanistan. His immediate superior out there was a Major Maddox who'd started in on 'ragheads' and 'terrists' from the 'get-go' after which relations became frigidly formal. His fellow drone-pilot, Stan, made Bobo look the epitome of sophistication. A red-faced gum-chewing cracker, he'd been a 'rodent-control operative' in civilian life and he seemed to derive the same grim satisfaction from killing Taliban as he had from killing rats. Evangelical, natch.
Pawing through Charlie's box of books he found, among the pulp fiction and fishing 'zines, Shlomo Sand's Invention of the Jewish People. Marteen had got it out of the library at Jesus's suggestion. 'Invention'. Stan didn't like the sound of that. He leafed through the book, which looked heavy going, being full of long words and footnotes. Autochthonous. WTF? He'd Google this Shlomo Sand character later.
At three in the morning in Fort Creech Charlie watched the midmorning traffic in the Khyber Pass, being careful not to stray into Pakistani airspace. There was an unmarked NATO convoy of trucks coming through later. He drifted along 5000 feet above the road looking out for IEDs or good spots for an ambush. If 9/11 had really been designed to lure the US into a marsh of unwinnable wars it had succeeded in spades. 'Cui bono boys,' Charlie's Uncle Hank used to say. 'That's Latin for who benefits? It's the first question you need to ask anytime a feller offers you a deal that looks too good to be true.' So, cui bono now? Well those who feast on misery and death, obvs. and arms manufacturers and armies and even the Taliban. Win-win-win. Trillions had been spent so he could kill and maim strangers by pressing a button. Strangers, moreover, who represented a negligible threat to his country. Once started, the killing went on. Scarcely a day passed in Iraq, say, without a car-bomb or shootings.
Yogic breathing: in one nostril and out the other. In-2-3-4, hold-2-3-4, out-2-3-4...
A loud crackle erupted in Charlie's earphones. He leapt up and snatched them off his head.
Stan looked up and lifted one earphone.
'Did you hear that?' said Charlie wildly. 'Damn near deafened me.'
Stan shrugged. 'Nope, no problem with mine. Maybe they's a bad connection.' Stan was curt. He didn't like Charlie's casual blasphemy.
''Yeah, that sort of noise but like a hundred times louder. Maybe something's arcing across . I'll see if anyone else was affected.'
His emailed query brought universal noes. Charlie gingerly tested all his plugs and cables then replaced his earphones and filed an equipment malfunction report. Though jangled, Charlie was pleased that he hadn't freaked out and he wasn't even on beta-blockers. The rest of his shift was uneventful.
The cause of the trouble was simple. A psychologist friend of Ari's had programmed a computer to inject this noise at long, random intervals into Charlie's headset. Unpredictability was the key. Ari would watch the CCTV with interest.
Charlie drove home in a daze, beyond tired. He had a bone-deep need for sleep. He had to bite his tongue to stop himself drifting off.
Marteen was out. Without pausing to eat he fell naked into bed and flung a forearm over his eyes to keep out the light. Archie, emerging from under the bed, took this as an invitation to play then, in the face of Charlie's stubborn inertness, ran heavily over his head to chase flies on the metal slats of the venetian blind.
In the garden below, Pablo started his chainsaw. Charlie pressed the pillow to his ears, gritted his teeth and waited. Archie came back and indulged in some urgent needling. The sawing eventually stopped. Charlie pulled on some shorts and a tee-shirt and went down to help Pablo load the logs onto his pickup.
A slice of cold frittata, a blueberry yogurt, Archie fed and chucked out and back to bed.
Into the world of dreams. He was punching an oldfashioned timeclock. Thump as the card was stamped and the clock was now the face of a grinning maniac. Icy terror seized him. Run. Feet Velcroed to the floor, each step an agonisingly slow stripping off followed by an instant snatch as his foot touched down. Strrrip, grip! Strrrip, grip!
Then they were forcing down his head to push him through a low doorway into an underground bunker. Hot, dark, airless. Kneeling in filth, forced down by the low roof. Insane cackling in the dark. He'd never been more scared. He woke up and groggily freed his erection from a fold in the sheet. (What was that about?). He'd actually slept for an hour and a half. Marteen would be back soon. He headed for the shower.



 74.

Hami phoned Yazzy and cut to the chase.
'Word on the street is that you-know-who really did mix it up like he said.'
'Umm. Oh, right.'
'How's your Mom coping with the publicity?'
'Quite well. She says thanks for putting her letter on your blog. There's been less trouble from the Muslim community than she'd feared. Lots of people can see that she was just trying to do the best for her child. The Hebrew press is sitting on the story. No-one's clamouring for a DNA test. A couple of old patients from his free clinic came round to tell her how marvellous her son had been and how proud they were to claim him for their people. They'd felt all along that he was "one of us." That was nice, in a bigoted way. I think she just wanted to get the truth out there - it's up to others to try and prove her wrong.'
'If it turns out that the other claims in your step-sibling's will are true, that would make him a criminal as well as raising a lot of dust. How would your mother feel about that?'
'I'll ask her. As far as I'm concerned, anything that exposes Israeli racism is good, but I don't know how my Mom will feel. I'll phone her now and get back to you.'
'Great. Nice talking to you, Yazzy.'
'Likewise. Bye, Hami.'
The numbers, locations and duration of the call were noted without prejudice. Standard billing procedure.
Yazzy phoned back 43 minutes later. 'My Mom says if that's what Benny wanted, she has no objection. It should make her claim more valid too. Once she'd taken on board what he'd done she couldn't stop laughing. She always had a weakness for practical jokes. I remember she once stuck a long needle down a pompous relative's cigarette so the ash wouldn't drop off. It was quite funny to see the change from mild puzzlement to bafflement to anger as the ash grew longer and longer. Us kids rolling around laughing didn't help. Another time she laced an imam's secret whisky stash with laxatives and he spent the whole day rushing to the toilet. Ah, innocent times.'
'The dear dead days beyond recall,' mused Hami. 'Or maybe not. This is all hypothetical anyway. I have no proof, but nothing says we can't speculate. I'll try and wring a few laughs out of the situation. But pending a whistleblower from the Nussbaum Clinic or what are laughably called the intelligence services, I know nothing for sure. I'll put out a few feelers on my blog. It's good to know your mom's on board in case of new developments. Thanks for calling, Yazzy. If we don't speak before then, have a great wedding.'
'Thanks. Come along. I'll send you an invite.'
'I'll come if I possibly can.'
'See you there. Bye.'
Logged.
Perhaps he would go. Even lesbian weddings must have available women but Montreal was a hell of a shlep. His last fuck had been at that debauched weekend with Cousin Umar. They'd picked up a couple of whores outside the casino and had fucked each in turn so as to compare notes afterwards. 'Slut me some cack' kept bumping up against Hami's consciousness like a boat against a jetty. What, if anything, did it mean? Trouble with Spoonerisms was that once started, they were hard to stop. Starred to hop. A grubby evening which would nevertheless go down in family legend. Sin City. Rah.
He began composing a letter to the Nussbaum Clinic in his head. I've got a little list. They must admit what Benny had done and offer to let people know their true origins (without naming names). Otherwise the full list would be leaked. He'd include the first few names to show he wasn't bluffing. He'd clear it with Mo and Jesus first.
Hami scrolled through the comments on his blog. Five mentioned Leila's confession. Four were broadly sympathetic but @davidking regarded it as a put-up job by 'a lying Palestinian cunt' to sully the good name of our staunchest ally.
So ho so hum.
Hami let it stand. It would stir up controversy. He launched into a denunciation of Obama's heavy-handed persecution of whistleblowers in general and of Bradley (now Chelsea) Manning in particular. 35 years for exposing the casual brutality of war seemed excessively harsh. He would have to tread carefully.
Time to poke some fun at the idiocy of current superstitions. Cure cancer with crystals swung above the body, say, or the efficacy of coffee enemas. Colonic irrigation. Not to mention astrology. That would offend half his readers. Was there nothing people wouldn't believe? Sadly, despite repeated disillusionment, many still swallowed the next glib lie. It was either that or think and God forbid that was necessary. Perhaps it is not the unexamined life that is not worth living. But Hami just had to know. He remembered a child prodigy when he was growing up. A ten-year-old who'd memorised the entire Koran in Arabic, a language of which he understood not one word. At once impressive and a hideous waste of time.
Poppycock.
At thirteen, he'd affected the genteel word which Mary Poppins might unblushingly have used, unaware that it was garbled Dutch for 'sloppy shit.' That was the year he and Anton had played at being Regency fops, annoying everyone with their minced curses and air of languid disdain. Ah, me.
The phone rang. Work. The software doctor was IN.

 75.

Jenny held out for a week. Both she and Hugh had missed orchestra practice since the split and had offered contradictory excuses. Hugh had accepted Professor Laxman's offer and was busy preparing lectures. Jenny had moved into a scuzzy hotel until she could find an apartment to suit her small, fluctuating income. Hugh told a few of his friends from church that he and Jenny had separated without rancour. Church doctrine deplored divorce but the powers that be couldn't afford to alienate so many of their flock. At least their rate of divorce was lower than the mean so they must be doing something right. The bit about 'Those whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder' sometimes took a back seat.
Jenny broke and phoned Moses.
'Hi Mo. How are you?' Cool and friendly.
'Me I'm fine. And your lovely self?'
'Ditto.' Deep breath. 'I've broken up with Hugh and moved out.'
'Hallelujah! I mean, I'm so sorry to hear that.'
How could you hear a face-splitting grin over the phone?
'Liar.' Jenny laughed for the first time in weeks. 'But I bet you're not as pleased as I am. I hadn't realised how trapped I was until I broke free. Instead of this tangle of conflicting emotions there's just a clean break, smooth as polished bone. My Grampa had a cane with an ivory knob. I used to love running my hand over it.'
'Stop. You're giving me blue balls.' (True). 'I only hope Hugh hasn't put you off men for good. Listen Jenny,' his tone got urgent, 'I must see you. Where are you now?'
Jenny's resolution crumbled like a sandcastle before a rising tide. By seven that evening she'd 'temporarily' moved into Mo's guest bedroom while she hunted for a place of her own.
By ten o'clock they were in bed feasting on each other's bodies like ravenous wolves. They slept the sleep of the just after.
Sunday. Jenny had often pretended to be asleep while Hugh got ready for church, sometimes 'waking' to see him off but more often not. Today she was woken by Mo coming in with a tray of coffee and waffles with whipped cream and maple syrup. A more serious brunch was in the offing. After, it turned out, they had made love again. Compared to the awkward joyless Sundays she'd been used to, this was bliss. She'd decided to go back to St. Cee's (as members irreverently referred to the orchestra), making no secret of her entanglement with Moses. Few would be surprised. No reason why relations with Hugh couldn't be civilised.
Later they played some arias from the Magic Flute arranged for recorder duet, then Mo went off to work on some new songs for the band while she fact-checked an article about coffee beans. Each fact needed a minimum of two independent citations. No matter that the whole thing was just a puff-piece for the coffee industry - it was vitally important that the directors' names were spelt right. This obsession with minutiae while ignoring the gigantic underlying lies was a sign that we'd lost our way. So Cortot hit the odd wrong note? Did that make his playing less sublime? Well, Hugh couldn't bear to listen to him which said it all. Her favourite record of all time was the Cortot, Casals and Thibaud recording of the Archduke. Moses had an old 78 r.p.m. record of Cortot playing Chopin's Heroic Polonaise in A flat. There was a magic about a sound wave from the 1930s turned into a wavy groove on a shellac disc which could be reawakened by the needle on his old windup Victrola. At least when the power supply failed he'd still have his music.
The POL was getting to the point where a nationwide tour was on the cards. It would mean Mo giving up his odious but well paid job at the casino, already hanging by a thread. Mo liked his toys. His house, his pool, his car. Going on the road would mean a big drop in income. Luckily Jenny was cheap to keep. And he'd still have his freelance work and his shares in the casino. Those were a good bet. Donald Trump was the only casino owner he'd ever heard of who'd gone bust. Even so leeching off the poor and desperate didn't sit well.
He went back to the song about how prison work-gangs provided the slaves de nos jour. Slaves that the government fed and housed for you. Moses thought of work songs and field hollers. Those old Alan Lomax records. One two heave, one two heave. Forward momentum. Where were those notes he'd scribbled after their brainstorming session? How to keep the supply of prisoners up? Clinton's 'Three strikes and you're out' law. Nixon's crafting the 'War on Drugs' specifically to hoover up Blacks. The Patriot Act's throwing out of the rulebook. Arbeit macht frei. Tell it to the Marines.
Jenny, out on the patio with an iced tea, heard muffled rhythms and chords from Mo's piano. A locomotive chugging morphed into a saccharine waltz. She was touched that he could so trustingly show her his nakedness. A melody climbed, wavered, stopped. A car-crash note-cluster and the whole thing started up again.
Lying in the shade, looking out at the brown desert, Jenny lost herself in happiness.

 76.

Charlie, into his second week on nightshift, was not coping well. He felt the same sort of disconnection from reality as in the time-delay when flying his drone. The wrench of sleep-reversal was severe. He became a jangling zombie. There'd been another loud crackle in his earphones and again no problem had been found. There was definitely a big kill coming up. The firm needed a jackpot.
Back in bed his dream of blindly driving a car down a crowded street had resurfaced. This time Archie was lying in the road, ribcage crushed, as he fixed big, betrayed eyes on his master, and died.
Charlie woke up covered in sweat. Red light, filtered through crimson drapes, saturated the stuffy little room. Beta-blockers compounded his sleepiness at night but had no effect on his insomnia by day. No, they were out. And all that coffee sent his heart racing. His back was sore too. He gave up on sleep and forced himself through some slow Yoga to ease his clenched muscles. He heard the cat-flap snick and in a moment there was an anguished yowling from the kitchen. Charlie smiled as the last of his nightmare faded. There was a frantic scratching at the door. At least Archie was ferociously alive.
Charlie had always been a dog man, from his faithful boyhood companion, a middle sized mutt called Scraps, through to the Irish Wolfhound of their glory years. Edward's food and vet bills had played a not inconsiderable part in their fiscal downfall. It had been a guilty relief when he'd been 'put down to end his suffering.' So Charlie's attraction to a cruel, lazy, selfish creature like Archie surprised even himself. Of course the kitten was cute and beautiful but it was also wild, in a way a dog could never be. Mistreat a cat and it would leave without a backward glance. Charlie would enjoy his kitten shenanigans until they had to cut his nuts off.
But Charlie's suffering had just started. Later that week, an article on PTSD on a psychology website included a clip of Charlie's breakdown as a typical manifestation. Indeed, several other clips of PTSD patients showed similar reactions to loud noise or disturbing images. Ari, forwarding an email from his chatty sister to Cousin Ruth happened to mention the article in question, with a link. Dr. Pepper was shocked, then disgusted, then angry. She fired off a response to the author:
'Dear Dr. Woolfson,' she wrote, 'in your otherwise competent article on PTSD you included a video clip of one of my patients. Although he was not identified by name, anyone who had seen the original clip on YouTube would know that he was Mr. Charles Culver. I have examined Mr. Culver thoroughly over some months and in my professional opinion he is not suffering from PTSD. To make such a diagnosis without ever having met the patient is the height of irresponsibility. If this clip is not removed at once I will refer this case to the appropriate authorities.'
She signed off with her name and a don't fuck with me you fucking fuckers string of degrees and awards
It was already too late. An army of friendly bots had been mustered to tweet out variations of: Hey, remember that guy who freaked out in a POL concert a while back? Turns out the poor bastard's got PTSD, no doubt aggravated by the POL's antisemitic vitriol. We hate them so much! A  helpful link to Dr. Woolfson's freakshow was included.
After two days Dr. Woolfson withdrew the clip without protest. As his old chaver Ari had wanted, the damage had been done. The good doctor apologised profusely. He had no idea of how Charlie's clip had been inadvertently included among his bona fide case studies. He was happy to accept his esteemed colleague's assurance that Mr. Culver was not suffering from PTSD and to withdraw the clip forthwith.
Of course, patient confidentiality did not allow Dr. Pepper to say of what, if anything, Charlie was suffering, which opened the gates to a host of conspiracy theories.
Was Dr. Pepper lying at the behest of her military masters? What of the validity of Dr. Woolfson's other case studies? Had Charlie's clip really been included by accident?
The POL was dragged back under the spotlight with some poisonous insinuations about Hami's Iranian links. A headline from Hami's blog (I Slam, You Slam, We All Slam For Islam) was taken as support for terrorism rather than a sarcastic riposte to same as the uncited article below made clear. A variation (I Ran, You Ran, We All Ran From Iran) wasn't mentioned.
Furthermore, the scurrilous apostate supported Iran's right to nuclear research for peaceful purposes and said that a first step towards peace in the region would be to strip Israel of its own nukes.
Oy veh! That would be to throw the Jewish Homeland and, remember, our staunchest ally, to the wolves.
Everyone knew that atheists had no moral compass, but this was a bit much.
A mitt butch, Hami might have said.
The insults flew:
Oh yeah?
Sez you.
Fascist.
Antisemite.
Orwell.
Hitler.

Caged brutes poked each other with sticks.
Charlie Culyer (sic - and sick) rose up again, a super-patriot hatebombed by the POL.
Same old, same old. The story failed to gain traction but by day two Charlie's coworkers (given a gentle nudge) had all picked up on it. He was the recipient of some speculative looks but that was not too unusual.
He'd had a text from Dr. Pepper asking him to pop in and see her for five minutes and they'd hit on 8:15, after his shift ended.
'Good morning, Charlie.'
'Mornin' Doc. You're in bright and early.'
'Yes. I try and get in by eight so that I'm ready for my first patient by nine. Thanks for dropping by. I don't know if you've been on Twitter lately.'
'No, why?' He cleared his throat, which was suddenly tight.
'Well that footage of your attack of hyperacusis has popped up again in a different context. Fortunately there seems to be much less interest this time round. What sparked it off was some medical research on PTSD, illustrated with video clips of typical breakdowns including that one of you. I wrote at once to the author denouncing him for using a patient of mine, whom he'd never met, to support his thesis and told him to withdraw the clip at once as I knew for a fact that you did not have PTSD. To be fair, Dr. Woolfson apologised immediately for misappropriating your image and claimed he had no idea how your clip had got in there. All the other subjects were his own patients or those of trusted colleagues. Anyway, I just wanted to reassure you that you don't have PTSD or anything like it. I'd be inclined to ignore any online nastiness and wait for it to blow over.'
'I guess. I had no idea. Thanks for telling me, Doc.' Charlie had absorbed the blow and was back on an even keel. He took in a deep breath and slowly exhaled.
'How are you keeping, Charlie?' Warm. Interested.
'Apart from feeling permanently zonked by the nightshift you mean? Otherwise, things actually seem to be going quite well. This house we're looking after is great. Quiet and peaceful, with a garden out back. I'd forgotten how I like to see things growing. Marteen's already earmarked a corner for vegetables if we're still there next year.'
'And work?'
'Bearable. Surveillance is like watching the world's most boring movie over and over. Sir Vaillance - one of the lesser-known Knights of the Round Table. He does nothing but watch the others all the time.' He smiled sheepishly. 'That shows what being locked in a box does to a man.'
Dr. Pepper was amused. The corners of her mouth turned upward. 'Don't disparage yourself, Charlie. sir Vaillance, I'll remember that. You're quite witty, aren't you? I'm pleased you've retained your sense of humour. As for this chronic fatigue, I could prescribe sleeping-pills.'
'No, thanks Doc. I find that they either make me twice as tired, which is torture when you still can't sleep, or they knock me out and I feel worse than ever when I wake up. Yoga helps some. That was a good suggestion of yours. Marteen's also got into it. We go together when we can. I sometimes fall asleep on the mat afterwards and that twenty minutes does me more good than hours in bed. Anyway, it's just a few more weeks till I'm back on days, then I'll get back to normal.'
'Good. Well, I just wanted to warn you about this unpleasantness online. If anyone gives you trouble, refer them to me.'
'Thanks, Doctor Pepper, I appreciate that.'
'I'm pleased you're looking well. Keep it up. Now I'm afraid there's some paperwork I must attend to.'
They parted cordially but, driving home, Charlie's mood darkened. To be skewered by another false accusation seemed monumentally unfair. It was like back in highschool where the class bully, a meatfaced lout called Calvin Barrat, had pinned him in his chair from behind and commenced shoving him about, interspersed with needling little punches. True, Charlie had sometimes mocked Cal's cluelessness at math but with what he'd considered friendly jocularity. Similarly, Cal's manglings of the English language were legendary and he'd never lived down asking the Tech Teacher, in all seriousness, why male and female jack-plugs were so called. The class exploded and even Mr. Sims had smiled. So Cal's personal hatred of Charlie came as a shock. It was out of the question to kick over the desk and spring up to confront his tormenter. For one thing, Cal was big and beefy and would have had no trouble breaking his nose or knocking out a few teeth, and for another he was too astounded by this loathing from someone he scarcely knew. Kids in the corridor looked on, but didn't interfere.
'Think you're so fuckin' clever, Charlie.' Thump thump. 'Hey, Charlie, I'm talkin' to ya.'
He'd kept his head down, ignoring the taunts until Cal got bored and, with a final punch in the ribs, left. Charlie was alone in the classroom. He put his head in his hands as the sobs he'd tried to hold back wrenched free.
Now there was this new spate of bullying. The chance that he'd accidentally found his way into this PTSD study was negligible. Someone was out to get him, but who and why? Let it pass.
Weariness settled on him like the dust of ages. Sleep. No, not while driving through the desert. A dust-devil twirled, carrying stalks and twigs and shreds of plastic. Charlie rubbed his gritty eyes and gulped down half a flat, warm Coke. Ugh.
God, look at that airport traffic. He felt the ineluctable draw of home. Marteen would have his breakfast ready. Then sleep. Perhaps a fuck would help. She wasn't due at the library till two. He hadn't mentioned the fierce crackle in his headphones to Dr. Pepper in case she thought he was suffering from auditory hallucinations. OK, the thing with hallucinations was that they seemed real, but not that real. The technical boys had run a few tests but nothing had come up. Intermittent electrical faults were almost impossible to trace. Best to wait till something finally broke down. Meanwhile it lurked in the shadows, waiting to pounce.
He'd seen the 'baseball cards' for the latest targets. Find, fix, finish. Four Taliban bigshots and all the EKIA (Enemies Killed In Action) in the vicinity. To avoid civilian casualties, anyone around a terrorist was assumed to be an enemy combatant unless posthumously proved innocent. In which case you could apologise to the bits of corpse. Marteen's tender flesh seemed suddenly vulnerable. Too easy to imagine it crushed by falling masonry or pierced by shrapnel. So tired. The sugar rush from the Coke had come and gone. Someone had broken down by the side of the road. One of those forties-retro jobs. Steam poured from under the hood. Once he'd have stopped to help, but the guy would've called the AAA by now. Contiguity was increasingly irrelevant in an interconnected world. There was a good phone signal hereabouts.
His Reaper drone pinpointed phones by acting as a fake transmission tower and hoovering up all the signals in the area. It seemed crazy for terrorists to carry phones but life, even in remote districts, was being made impossible without them. ISIS claimed that they loved death as their enemies loved life but both propositions seemed doubtful.
Loving life, Charlie negotiated the last few miles and he was home. Turning off the engine was a blessed relief from the NVH of motorised travel. He basked in peace for a moment then heaved himself up and went indoors.
Marteen had laid out breakfast on the back porch. Over melon and OJ and bacon and eggs, Charlie dully told her of Dr. Pepper's news.
'Oh well, it'll probably blow over. At least I won't have to go into hiding again - Ow! Archie. That's sore.'
She scooped the kitten up onto her lap.
'I don't stick my claws in your leg, do I?' she sweetly admonished him. Archie, purring like a diesel tractor set about kneading (and needling) her naked thigh.
Charlie snorted as Marteen sighed theatrically, brushed Archie off and went in search of catfood, following the exuberant blazon of the kitten's upright tail.
Although Charlie's taste-buds were aching for coffee, he had to sleep and so opted for mint tea, imagining it flushing out the grease from his veins and liver. Or was that cider-vinegar? Marteen was a self-mocking follower of all the latest health-fads. Charlie had gone along with multivitamins and garlic and wheat-grass and fish-oil and ginseng and seaweed and berries cran-, blue- and goji-. He'd even tried some of Marteen's remedies for insomnia like lavender pillows and a foul-tasting sleep tea but nothing had worked worth a damn.
Marteen was back. She'd yielded to Archie's refusal to eat tuna-flavoured catfood three times in a row and had scraped his bowl into the waste-disposal unit and given him a new pouch of 'chicken'. Charlie got up, gave her a perfunctory kiss and stumbled off to bed.
Marteen, despite her nonchalant air, had a deep sense of foreboding as she Googled woolfson ptsd. Although Charlie's clip had been removed, Woolfson's frank retraction mentioned him by name. Worse, many of the remaining clips of the visible manifestations of PTSD did show an astonishing resemblance to Charlie's collapse. Would've convinced her if she hadn't known better.
She called up the original YouTube clip. It was all there, eternally daisy-fresh. Charlie's crumpling, her solicitous stoop, the reflexive swat in the face. 'Instead of the cross,' she thought, 'the Albatross About my neck was hung.'
The good news was that there was little recent activity - it had been viewed only 26 times in the last week but one spark could start a wildfire.
Archie, replete, was sleeping in his basket. Her baby. She suddenly remembered the smell of a  baby's head. A teacher had brought in her newborn son and the smell of his head had filled her 14-year-old loins with strange longings. She couldn't stop sniffing, showing the weird animal persistence of a dog humping a visitor's leg. What made it worse was that no-one else noticed it at all though she'd recognised it at once although she'd never smelt it before. It was fresh and clean and urgent and reeking of lust. Babies. A baby now would be an incredibly reckless move. Inez wouldn't have hesitated, but Inez didn't have a bank on her back. An Albatross in front and a bank on her back. Poor old me. Marteen lay back in the recliner. September. The air was hot and dusty and still. 'For all averred, I had killed the bird That made the breeze to blow.' Leonine. 'A leonine line has an internal rhyme,' as Miss Usher used to say. Rime of the Ancient Mariner. She'd learned a big chunk of it back in the 7th. grade. They'd staged it as a little play. She'd always been disappointed that the gothic extravaganza had ended with everyone trooping off tamely to church...
That shadow was moving. The sun would catch her leg in a minute. She had to go. Time for a shower. Charlie insisted he preferred the sounds of normal activity to the creaks, shuffles and muttered curses of someone trying to move quietly.
Poor Charlie. He looked really haggard. If only they could disappear, change their names, live in a shack by the sea. Charlie could fish while she grew fruit and vegetables. Perhaps the Unabomber was right and we have been enslaved by technology. It wouldn't be long before everyone was microchipped and tracked at all times. On the other hand who wanted to do without dentists or doctors? Or movies or music or Skype? But for all its marvels technology was also a toolbox for tyrants. Was Obama in 2013 putting the instruments of repression into the hands of his successors? You betcha!
She took a deep breath and let her eyes drift around Pablo's garden. Butterflies were dancing around the garish purple petunias and the tiny trickle of the fountain was ludicrously enchanting. She remembered walking in a meadow once and disturbing clouds of butterflies which flew up all around her lifting her heart with their fluttering beauty. Cheered, she went indoors. Archie opened one eye.
The idea that these little provocations could have been due to Ari's casual spite would have devastated her. Charlie, lying half-awake in bed, hadn't told her about the crackling assaults on his ears. If it happened again he'd demand new equipment or at least a new workstation. As Ari knew, it was the unpredictability that was wearing. For Charlie, the parallel of living in the shadow of a drone, waiting for the Hellfire missile with your name on it, was obvious. Could 24/7 drone surveillance on its own constitute torture? The noise alone would drive him mad.
He was dimly aware of the shower running. Marteen. He pictured her smooth, soft, scented pinkness. Lubricity. One of her favourite words. Sounding, she said, deliciously filthy. M.
He drifted off.


 77.

'So this terrorist sticks his head up out of the tunnel and Boom! he's chopped liver. We'd booby-trapped the exit.' Ari chuckled. 'Officially, of course, he was carrying a bomb which went off. They use these tunnels to fire rockets at Israeli settlers. Luckily, they're pretty useless, but it's enough to justify clamping down on them.'
'They will never win,' Vince stated calmly. 'That is not God's plan. Tell me more about this missile-shield software. I've got some big investors interested.'
Another working breakfast. Ari had brought along his pet scientist, Aaron, to explain the concept of an impenetrable line of drones automatically primed to destroy incoming missiles. They were already 70% accurate and improving rapidly. The drones could fly themselves, too. The days of human operators were numbered. People would get used to it. Computer-driven surgery was just around the corner. Self-driving cars would kill many fewer people but there was still a prejudice against being killed by an unthinking machine as opposed to, say, a reckless drunk. Still, once people saw the advantages they'd soon adapt.
Jim Carpenter of the CIA was there too. His department shared a lot of expertise with the Israelis. Facial-recognition software was the next big thing. There were still bugs to iron out. It persistently mistook Blacks for gorillas and was sometimes so bizarrely off-target that it was impossible to tell where it had gone wrong. It had once identified a tree against the sunset as a pair of mating wombats. But it learnt from its mistakes. That happy day when everyone would be tracked everywhere was at hand. Crime and terror could be stopped in their tracks - except that wasn't going to happen. Not while the money to fight them kept rolling in. Look at Afghanistan - the longest and most pointless war in US history. No oil-pipeline was worth the billions they'd wasted. Still, his not to reason why, his but to do or let somebody else die. He attacked his stack of pancakes with gusto.
'Any news about the Prophets of Loss,' Ari asked Jim while Vince and Aaron were deep into patent law.
'Not much. Jesus de Santiago scarcely uses his car these days apart from trips to gigs and practices. Mohammed Aziz's blog recently hosted a piece by some Palestinian woman, a troublemaker who claims the late Dr. Benjamin Goldblum was her son. We know Aziz has been in touch with her daughter in Montreal who's some sort of dancer. A lesbian. I reckon his militant atheism rules out any sympathy with jihadists, unless it's all a pose. Anyway, we've got nothing on him at the moment. We don't want to make him some sort of martyr to free speech, do we?'
'No, far better to out him as a paedophile or drug-pusher. I've heard he's the software consultant to a chain of brothels. That might damage his image.'
'I'll look into it, Ari.' Be a joke, thought squeaky-clean Jim if it happened to be the very brothel chain in which his own pension-fund had shares. Of course it was strictly legal but living off of the earnings of whores wouldn't play well in church.
Ari remembered a Jackie Mason routine, the gist of which was why, in a world in which everything else was for sale, should sex be the exception? He'd harangued his audience, which shrivelled in embarrassment, too scared to laugh or clap. In Vegas, nochal. Like being too Jewish, there was such a thing as being too right.
Ari'd slept with hookers from time to time but he preferred willing younger women from his Zionist circles, who'd do it for free. He did OK for sex and had thus far avoided entanglements.
An email pinged into his phone. Hebrew. The Nussbaum Clinic. Campus Watch had contacts everywhere.
'I'd better look at this.' Ari scanned his screen. Talk of the devil. The clinic had received an anonymous email with proof that this same Dr. Goldblum had indeed swapped Jewish and Palestinian sperms with gay abandon. The email demanded that the clinic must acknowledge what had happened and offer a confidential service for anyone seeking information about their ancestry. Otherwise, the entire list of donors and recipients would be leaked over the internet. A PR disaster. If Dr. Goldblum had turned out to have been a Palestinian after all at least it provided a motive for his vindictive behaviour. A few hints that bad blood will out wouldn't go amiss, but it would be best to resolve this all quietly. All those halfbreed children mustn't become a problem. How could he spin this?
Release of the full list would be a disaster not only for the Nussbaum Clinic but for patient confidentiality in general. There was already a brisk trade in anonymised medical data but it was surprisingly easy to link place, time and disease to particular people. No, the clinic would have to admit that Benny's story was true. A treacherous Arab had insinuated himself into a saintly Jewish organisation to poison it from within, might be the line to take. But what of the innocent victims? He saw lawsuits darkening the skies like crows at dusk.
Ari tapped his front teeth with a fingernail.
'Hey, are you OK there buddy?'
Ari looked up from his phone. 'Sure, Jim. A little local trouble. Nothing to do with our business.'
More coffee arrived and the troughing resumed.

 78.

The Nussbaum Clinic capitulated. It issued an apology through major Israeli media outlets as well as on its website. The English version ran:

Apology. Mrs. Leila Mahmoud.

The Nussbaum clinic accepts Mrs. Mahmoud's claim that the late Dr. Goldblum, although raised by adoptive Jewish parents, was, as she has claimed, her child. We freely acknowledge that he was Palestinian by birth and not, as we had erroneously claimed, Jewish. It was an honest mistake, but we apologise sincerely for any distress caused.
We also acknowledge that the claim made by the late Dr. Goldblum in a posthumous document, that he had deliberately mixed specimens of sperm from both the Jewish and Palestinian communities was, unfortunately,  true.
It is important to state that Dr. Goldblum acted entirely alone, without the knowledge of his colleagues. This does not absolve us of the malfeasance of failing to detect this betrayal of his patients. It must be pointed out that in no case did this compromise the exemplary medical treatment received.
Donor anonymity is very important to us but if any patients of the late Dr. Goldblum would like to verify their ethnic origins, we would be happy to offer free and confidential consultations.
We would, however, caution against precipitous action. If you would like help in making a decision, our counsellors are always available.
Once again, the Nussbaum Clinic apologises for any distress caused by the unauthorised actions of the late Dr. Goldblum. Our CEO offered to resign but members of the board felt that as he was not in post at the time, no blame should accrue to him.

The names of the board followed.
The apology appeared once in all the major newspapers (in a tasteful blackedged little box) and sank without trace. One of the human-rights groups tried to raise a fuss, but no-one wanted to know. Witch-hunts were uncomfortably close to Nazism, it was felt. Unless a couple of Benny's victims chose to out themselves there was no red meat for the media. Back to how the treacherous Palestinians were scuppering the peace talks. And as for Obama. With a middle name like 'Hussein' what did you expect? Almost makes you want to throw that military largesse back in his face; and yet not.
Leila was granted a short interview on Palestinian radio in which she said she'd got what she wanted: the truth about her son's parentage. The apology from the Nussbaum Clinic was welcome. As far as she was concerned, that was the end of the matter. As for the scandal of mixed parentage, she had no personal knowledge of the matter but having read her son's original email she was sure that whatever he'd done he'd done with the best of intentions, namely to show that the two communities had far more in common than what kept them apart. (This remark was edited out - vive la difference).
The Nussbaum Clinic fielded a steady trickle of questions but kept it all low-key. Don't ask, don't tell as in Bill Clinton's cowardly response to homosexuality in the military.
One old Jewish sperm-donor wanted to sue the clinic for the impairment of the life-chances of his children, born to Palestinian mothers. It was pointed out to him that as the two Palestinian recipients of his sperm were citizens of Israel, their children enjoyed the same rights as everyone else. Yeh, right. In any case, he'd signed away all contact with his children when he'd become a donor.  
Online, there was a bit more activity.
Hami led with the clinic's apology on his blog along with links to Leila and Benny's effusions.
Jesus's trawls among all the allegedly blighted victims found both high and low achievers but no-one remotely famous. All the 'Jewish' children had perforce served in the army. None of the 'Palestinians' had volunteered to do so. Over half the 'Jewish' children wound up in the professions, while the 'Palestinians', apart from a couple of doctors, an imam and a bookkeeper, were stuck in menial jobs or unemployed although quite a few had university degrees. Most of their lives were minutely logged on Facebook and were uniformly boring. Basefook, Hami called it. If there was a link between 'race' and achievement, Jesus couldn't see it. There was no-one, the POL had unanimously decided, whose life was worth ruining for political gain. They'd keep shtum.
Benny's Wikipedia entry was quietly suspended for 'extensive editorial revision.'
None of the mainstream media in the States picked up on the story although the British Guardian ran a short piece deploring Benny's behaviour. It was to breach a sacred trust to go against a patient's express wishes, irrespective of their validity. Meaning well wasn't enough. There were real consequences for real people.
True. Within a week of the Nussbaum's notice there were three suicides in Jerusalem. Jesus had fixed up a system to alert him to news of the people on his list. Two of the suicides were Jewish and one was Palestinian. Had they recently been in touch with the Nussbaum Clinic? No-one was saying. The joke was that one of the victims was all Jew. Jewish sperm, Jewish mother. She'd been told as much by the clinic, but refused to believe them. A Palestinian father explained everything! She'd always felt like a stranger in her family and had suffered from depression for many years. A keen Likud supporter and a believer in 'a greater Israel' she was filled with self-loathing and threw herself from her tenth-storey balcony.
Of the soul-searching and joyous reconciliation for which Benny had hoped there was not a trace.
Mo wrote an opinion-piece for Hami's blog which ran thusly:

Dr. Benjamin Goldblum had a dream. He wanted to destroy the pernicious nonsense of 'Jewish blood'. There is no such thing as a Jewish race. We come in all shapes and colours. Even subgroups like Ashkenazis, Sephardis and Ethiopians are a genetic mishmash. Present-day Palestinians are probably genetically closer to the Jews of the Bible than, say, a rabbi from Odessa. The hysteria about 'marrying out' has more than a tang of Nazism. A Jew is someone who follows the Jewish religion but the state of Israel was rooted in 19th-century ideas of nationalism. Religion was thrown in as a sop. Today, how many Jews believe, in any meaningful way, in God? The true religion of Israel is capitalism.
Dr. Goldblum's point was not, I think, that this or that person was of mixed heritage but that any and all might be. Was it Diogenes who admonished a bastard throwing stones at a crowd to be careful - he might hit his father?
The Zionists' plea for a country so that the Jews could be 'a nation, like any other' has come true. We even have our own 'Jews' to persecute.
It would be nice if some of the late doctor's 'stir-fry' children (as the Chinese call them) would stand up and be counted, but I'm not holding my breath. The fact that most of them seem to have blended unnoticed into their host populations prompts some optimism. Nurture may have it over nature.
I'll end with a Jewish joke: Issy and Abie are walking down the street, starving and penniless. A sign on a church offers ten roubles to anyone who converts to Christianity. They hum and they ha but at last Issy can take it no longer and he goes inside. Half an hour later he emerges. 'So,' says Abie, 'did you get the ten roubles?' Issy draws himself up. 'Money,' he sneers, 'is that all you people think of?'

Jesus announced on the POL website that a new song about Dr. Goldblum was in the works and would be ready soon.
The working title, suggested by Hami was Have a Narghile. Other suggestions were: a Label is a Libel (Mo) and Someone's Gotta Play God (Jesus).
Spirits were high. Jenny had chucked all pretence of independence and moved in with Mo. She glowed with happiness and Mo found himself smiling so much his cheeks ached. The news that his contract with the casino would not be renewed filled him with equanimity.
The Prophets of Loss were in danger of becoming a cult. Bookings were coming in faster than cancellations. The band van was racking up the miles. With winter on the way, audiences swelled as warm indoor activities became more appealing. Mo'd actually had to take a week of his vacation when they had four concerts in five days. At this rate, Jesus would soon be up to a third of his former salary. He'd let out his apartment on a short lease and moved in with Tracey and Jake. Another scandal and the band could up its price. The demos had eased up lately but a comic song about a Jewish hero turned Palestinian villain would bring them flocking back.
Jesus had Googled Ari Neumann after Charlie had mentioned seeing him at one of the demos. Neumann, Neumann. Rang a faint bell.
The peace talks staggered on in a poisonous miasma of recriminations. At least in public. Mo had heard that the teams of negotiators were old pals in private and went through the futile motions agreeably enough.
Mo thought about Benny's song. He would mix up Western and Arabic scales in a feast of crunchy discords. M. Could almost taste them. Crisp as a langue de chat...

 77.

Charlie's six week stint on nightshift came to an end. There had been one more aural assault but as the only effect seemed to be one of annoyance, they were discontinued. Furthermore, Charlie had helped find, fix and finish the meeting of four senior Taliban leaders (although one had escaped). Ten other EKIA. Kind of reverse IKEA, Charlie thought. Reducing houses and furniture to flatpacks.
CCTV showed Charlie soberly watching the silent devastation on his screen while next to him Stan whooped and punched the air.
Chronic fatigue perhaps explained his refusal to let the scene upset him. The remote old farmhouse had been obliterated. There were bodies amid the rubble of bricks and corrugated iron. A goat, dragging its guts behind it in the dust, collapsed, kicked once and was still.
There were the remains of three women in the remains of the kitchen, but 'twas a famous victory.
Within ten minutes a small procession of vehicles was winding up the rough track to the bombsite. Charlie's orders were to hold off on the 'double-tapping' but they couldn't have known that. Were they brave or stupid or just past caring? He watched from a mile up as the convoy arrived and the digging out and carting off began.
Charlie was surprised by his emotional numbness. Dr. Pepper was right. It was just a job. People were blithely killing each other wherever you looked. He was sure his victims would have had no compunction in killing him if they had the chance. And there was no doubt that these Taliban leaders were loathsome people who bombed their fellow Afghanis and practiced a harshly repressive form of Islam. Anyway, thought Charlie, we were all expendable. The idea that each human being was precious, unique, irreplaceable, was pious hogwash. But there was a grandeur to the thought that life fed on death, that the microbes, fungi and worms which ate one's corpse were eaten in their turn, climbing higher and higher in complexity until the next crash and reversion to dead chemicals. Human to humus as Ben put it. Charlie smiled a Zen-like smile. Detachment, that was the ticket. He'd responded to the Colonel's congratulations with manly modesty. Just doing his job, sir.
Ari was irked. True, Charlie didn't join in the jubilation but he exuded an air of quiet confidence. About as far from neurotic hysteria as you could get. Jesus hadn't visited the Culvers again (at least his car hadn't been there) so the case for consorting with a known security risk was flimsy. Still, they would keep an eye on him.
Ari was also worried about the POL's upcoming song about Benny Goldblum. Israel throve on vehemence and fear but hated being laughed at. Israel's hyping of the man as a great Jewish hero had come home to roost. A paragon! A giant of Jewish science! An Israeli patriot, par excellence, was revealed to be an Arab! Araboushim, Ari called them, deploying the demeaning Israeli term as one might talk of niggers, kikes, wops, dagoes, chinks, square-heads or krauts. Ari would hold off for now in the hope that the song would flop and the unpleasantness blow over.
That night at band practice the boys chewed the fat.
'What are we trying to say?' Hami demanded. 'Was it a lighthearted prank to show that in the Israeli context race was a laughable absurdity? Or that it was an attack on civil liberties? Or that he sincerely hoped that this random spunk-spraying would bring universal peace and love? Or at least a sober reckoning?'
'As long as I can rhyme mench with buttock-clench I'm happy,' said Jesus. 'What about the fact that as a Palestinian he'd had a string of mainly Jewish lovers?'
'What, a serial Romeo and Julius?' Hami stroked his beard. 'That could work.'
'I'm thinking of mixing klezmer music with wailing Arab tunes,' mused Mo. 'And I guess I'm contractually obliged to throw in a few cuckoos. Jesus can do the wailing on soprano sax. Who was it said every note on the soprano is blue? There should be some epic discords.'
'We could climax by pulling out huge dildoes and squirting spunk over the audience,' said Hami raptly.
'We'd better start stocking up then,' said Mo drily. 'All hands to the pumps. Don't come back till you've filled two pint bottles each.'
Laughter.
The boys were alone in Mo's studio. Tracey was working late and Jenny was frantically fact-checking at the far end of the house.
'We could end the video with a gout of semen hitting the lens,' said Jesus, 'but doing it live we'd better use whipped cream or silly string. As for the rest, I think our focus must be to embarrass the Israelis - get them to own their racist bullshit.'
'Blut und Volk. I feel a Wagner opera coming on. Oyoy! Oyoy!' Mo loosed a couple of Valkyrie whoops. 'But I think Alberich might be a step too far. OK. So we've got this all-Israeli poster-boy, a leader in his field. Compassionate, charitable, wise. Even his being a feigeleh shows off our tolerant, liberal democracy. What's not to like?'
'I Googled his obituaries,' Jesus said. 'Just repeating some of that purple prose verbatim will stick in their craws.'
'He. Was. A. Jew!' Moses plunked out a triumphal sequence of chords on the piano. 'Let's finish each verse on that.'
'A. Da. Gi. O!' Hami in antiphon. He reverted to speech. 'Adagio. A character who hangs around in bars. Get it?'
'Very droll.' Mo smiled. He'd tell Jenny that one later. He loved it when she laughed.
Back to work.  

 80.

Charlie was back on the dayshift where his recent mass-killing had earned him some grudging kudos. His refusal to discuss the operation only confirmed the general opinion that he was a spoilsport. They'd all watched the footage again as a training exercise. Lock on. Fire! One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi... Once again Charlie watched the tin roof open like a flower, the walls fall flat, the dust lazily rise like a giant smoke-ring, the bodies flung about.
The next day the Taliban had admitted the 'martyring' of three commanders plus three women, two children and six civilians. It was difficult to argue that in this remote spot these people hadn't been at the least Taliban sympathisers or simply, like most of the population, anti-American.
Still.
Changing shifts was like gears stripping, or the buckling of umbrella ribs, or the painful twisting of limbs into swastikas, or the splits. Uncomfortable, in a word.
At first he was grumpy and irritable. Sex helped and Archie was ready to play at any time of day or night. It began to get better.
He dreamed of skiing in the mountains, skimming over virgin snow, free as a bird. Marteen, safe beneath the ice of a frozen lake, smiled and waved. He felt as cold and clean as a cup of spring water. He woke, for the first time in years, completely rested and full of an inner calm. He was able to look down at the devastation his Hellfire missiles had caused and feel nothing. Good. Who needs a dentist who feels the pain of a bad tooth that he must pull to stop it poisoning the body? He'd once scorned such slithery sophistries but now they seemed mere common sense.
His latest moment of online notoriety passed him by. It was amazing how liberating simply staying off social media was. As for America's long and ongoing trail of bloodsoaked atrocities (see Chomsky or William Blum, passim) well, that was how it was. Suck it up.
Dubya had pledged endless war against 'terrists' and Obama carried on shovelling cash into the bloated defence budget as if (an increasingly likely prospect) there was no tomorrow.
Jesus bumped into Marteen in the library and told her that he'd learnt his car was being tracked and that if he'd unwittingly led the CIA to her door, he was sorry. If she didn't mind associating with a security risk then how about dinner at Tracey's next weekend? They could leave their phones at home if they didn't want to be tracked.
Thanks. They'd be delighted.
Back home, Charlie was Zenly agreeable. If the POL wanted to do a song about drones he'd be glad to help. Seeing murder as a video game was obviously the way to go. Pity was not only useless but actually disabling. His opinion of the obscenity of warfare in general and drone warfare in particular, was unchanged, but the moral choice wasn't his to make.
Of course this deliberate numbing of empathy meant that he couldn't always respond to Marteen's ardour. His hand was scratched from playfighting with Archie who'd raked his palm with powerful back claws. Charlie saw people more and more as animals. Marteen's besotted love of Archie was plainly a Great Ape's thwarted longing to breed. We were animals. Sickly, mistreated, vertical animals. What was natural about spending all day locked in a box, staring at screens? Or gorging on junk food till you were too fat to walk? Or driven by addictions? Was all this the necessary flipside to living in the richest and most powerful country the world has ever seen? Charlie viewed the arguments dispassionately. Maybe the quickest way to destroy the system was to give it its head. Vegas was sinking as the ancient aquifers beneath the city were sucked dry. The contrails of incoming flights looked like kamikaze pilots crashing into the city. Obama talked green then boasted of the surge in drilling and fracking. China was building coalfired power-stations hand over fist and streets once thronged with bikes were now choked with fuming cars. But shift the focus and God sat serenely up in heaven beaming down on his creation. The Divine Comedy. There was a lot to be said for acceptance. Charlie'd lived long enough and tried enough drugs to know that the most obdurate opinions were thistledown on a puff of wind. One ecstasy tablet and all the pain and rage vanished. You danced and danced and danced and had deep, meaningful, loving conversations with total strangers. All was well. Sex became a temporary irrelevance.
There was some truth in that 60s poster that REALITY IS AN ILLUSION CAUSED BY MESCALIN DEFICIENCY. Been there, done that. He remembered a magic mushroom trip with Marteen. Sunset over the Sea of Cortez. He'd literally felt time flowing through his hands. A slippage he couldn't stop. Like a thick white snake sliding through his grasp. No regrets, just naked truth. Whatever was, was. And it was good. Sex had been a strange amalgam of unity and otherness, intensely felt and yet coldly observed. And now? 'Emotion recollected in tranquility' as Wordsworth put it.
Saturday came. Charlie was looking forward to supper. It would be amusing to see Jesus's darts glance off his armour. Besides, he'd grown to like the guy.
Marteen, online, stifled a snort. Hami's blog exhorted the constipated ladies of America to band together and  call themselves the Motherhood of Bran. Spoonerism of the week.
Time to get ready.
Charlie didn't mind the classical station on, softly, these days while if he wanted silence Marteen was happy to stick in her earbuds and blast away the cobwebs with anything from Lady Gaga to Pee Wee Russell.
Sticking to Tracey's British theme, she'd offered to bring a cranachan, her Scottish grandma's recipe, a confection of raspberries, whipped cream, whisky and toasted oats.
Charlie, unprompted, had put on the POL's latest CD while they got ready.
'Why, why, why, Obama,' she sang along, 'Gra-ti-fy Big Pharma...'
The song moved swiftly into uncopyrighted territory. It was a savage lament for timidity and broken promises.
'Of course,' Charlie finished his toothbrushing and spat, 'he's hamstrung by the Republicans and in hock to vested interests but he should be out there shouting that the system stinks. The number one cause of bankruptcy in this country is medical expenses but free healthcare for all is supposed to be an impossible dream. Oh, well.' Charlie shrugged.
Marteen was pleased that her arguments about accepting the things one couldn't change seemed to have rubbed off on Charlie, but there was sometimes a glazed look in his eye that frightened her. At least he seemed to have taken the latest pointless massacre calmly.
After the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting she'd put up a board in the library listing mass shootings all over the country in the last five years. She showed simply date, location and number of victims. There was a running total at the bottom. For a supposedly neutral teaching aid, the board had stirred violent passions. There were those that found it unbearably depressing (and somehow anti-American) to those who took it as a deadly insult to the constitutional right to bear arms. (And insultingly anti-American). Esther had stood up for her, offering the gun-nuts their own board, to record how often their firearms had saved lives, but was rudely rejected.
The library board ruled that while it had no objection to the keeping of records, such sensitive information should be available only on request. Members of staff who wished to continue logging such incidents were free to do so in their own time.
Marteen took down the board but kept up the list from pigheadedness. Of course all the data was available online but she'd hoped that a stark public overview might spark discussion. Anyway, it was there in the bottom drawer if anyone asked for it. No-one ever did.
Tracey had said that as well as the four of them, Jesus's old pal Al and his significant other were coming, plus Catherine and Ben.
Getting into the whole British thing, the Culvers had opted to walk the 5/8ths. of a mile to Tracey's flat. They took Jesus's advice and left their phones behind.
The route led through their tame deserted streets to a less affluent student area with bars and greasy spoons and little shops.
Charlie's bearing became a bit more military. Beggars seldom approached him and he'd never been mugged. Marteen could swing her cranachan in its cut-glass bowl and crack a skull or two if need be. Charlie felt relief at being unreachable but Marteen felt strangely vulnerable without her phone. It was scary but also a bit exciting, like taking the trainer wheels off her first bike. She had a moment of panic. Loved ones could be dying, their cries for help unheard; nuclear war could've just been declared; she might miss that once-in-a-lifetime photo. Why had she put her pudding in such a heavy bowl? She swapped hands and fell into step with Charlie again. Walking did limber up the limbs. They strolled past another security camera, made a quick left and they were there.
Al turned out to be an engaging guy. He'd made the leap from CIA hacker to cyber-security advisor. He still had his security clearance but swore he'd never go back.
'I quite like dealing with corrupt businessmen,' he averred. 'At least they're less rightwing than the CIA. And less incompetent.'
'I've got the worst of both worlds,' Charlie coolly explained. 'I'm employed by a private company but we take our orders from the CIA. If your definition of right-wing means oppressing and killing people for gain, there's not much to choose between them. I used to agonise about it but if you live here we're all complicit.'
'True, said Ben. 'Talking about funds for research, a friend of mine says all money is tainted. OK, you're not funded directly by the oil companies, say, but the people who're giving you the money are, at least in part. It's the six degrees of separation story. The only thing you can do is try and keep the science objective.'
'At least you're contributing to the store of knowledge,' said Charlie. 'You might make a difference, but my job could be done by anyone of at least limited competence. Industrialised slaughter is going to continue with or without me. I may as well take my slice of the cake. It's surprising how easy ignoring unpleasant truths is. Living well, as they say, is the best revenge. Let's change the subject. Who likes fishing?'
Ben, Al, Jake and Charlie put up their hands and an expedition was definitely promised.
Marteen was uneasy about Charlie's seeming conversion to hardnosed pragmatism, much as she wanted it to be true. Repression and acceptance were mostly women's lot - men were more apt to kick the cat. She couldn't believe that he'd banished all empathy with his victims. She remembered as a child putting out a little campfire in the back yard, pouring on water and smothering the little heap with green hedge-clippings just to be sure. There was a smell of wet ashes and a last forlorn wisp of smoke curled up and died.
The whole family was roused at three in the morning for fear the zestfully crackling blaze would set the house alight. sirens, flashing lights, uncoiling hoses. Twenty minutes later it was all over and Mom, in curlers and padded pink dressing-gown, was handing out coffee and crullers. One of the firemen gave Marteen a stern lecture, accompanied by a big wink when no-one was looking. Her big brother caught hell for leaving an eight-year-old to put out a fire.
Charlie certainly didn't look like a smouldering bonfire. He was listening to a poem by Jesus with an alert smile.

'To British food I write an ode,' his host declaimed.
'In every hole you find a toad
'Fancy beestings? Take a lick
'Or pour it over Spotted Dick
'Polish off a Curate's Egg
'Or tuck into a Dead Man's Leg
'Some nettle soup? Go on and risk it
'And finish off with squashed-fly biscuit.'

Laughter.
'Ben would use real squashed flies,' Catherine fondly mocked.
'Grub's up.' Tracey continued the insectivorous theme, appearing with her Toad-in-the-Hole, which consisted of sizzling brown sausages lolling on golden pillows of Yorkshire Pudding. Jake and Jesus brought up the rear with gallons of gravy, potatoes roasted in dripping, carrots, parsnips and turnip-tops.
The desert nights were getting chilly and everyone was suddenly famished. Wolfing and sluicing commenced. Charlie found that the Theakston's Old Peculiar, for which Jesus had acquired a perverse taste back in the UK, and which he'd at first found truly horrible, was now slipping down like mother's milk.
Marteen was talking to the woman whom Jesus had introduced as: 'My pal Al's gal Sal. Sorry, couldn't resist it. It's Sarah, actually. "Her name was Magill," ' he sang, ' "and she called herself Lil, But everyone knew her as Nancy." '
Marteen laughed. She cocked her head challengingly at Jesus. 'The Ballad of Rocky Raccoon, right? The Beatles' White Album.' She turned to Sarah. 'There's a treasure-trove of old vinyl in the library which we never got around to chucking out. Just as well, there's been quite an uptick in interest lately. One of my colleagues, Bruce, sometimes holds what he calls little soirées where he plays his favourite albums. It's so nice to have something both witty and tuneful for a change. As you probably guessed, I work in the library.'
'So I'd gathered.' Sarah had a warm voice and tired eyes. 'I'm a lawyer for ACLU, the civil liberties lot.' She gave an impish smile. 'We acted against a library a few years back. They'd refused to lend some provocatively racist books to a well known rightwing extremist. We said his civil rights had been infringed. You should have heard the screams from the left. Everyone loves us when it's their views we defend but free speech is free speech, no matter how obnoxious you find the other side's arguments.'
'So, what happened?'
'We won. They had to lend him the material.'
'Even if it inspired him to firebomb a Black church?' Jesus teased.
Sarah shook back her long black hair. 'Sure,' she said. 'But he should know that if he breaks the law we have the right to hold him accountable for the results of his actions. Mind you, we're still waiting to get Dubya for stampeding us into attacking Iraq. And Obama's murder of Anwar-al-Awlaki in Yemen is still a crime even if he was a dissident imam stirring up his followers to commit atrocities.'
'Speaking for the rest of the world,' said Tracey tartly, 'most of the fuss seemed to be because he was an American citizen - as if no-one else counted. Just because it's true doesn't mean you have to rub our noses in it.'
Sarah grimaced. 'If we Yanks sometimes come across as arrogant assholes it's because we are. You're absolutely right. There's us, the righteous leaders of the free world and the rest of you. We're all for an international court for war crimes for everyone else - just don't expect us to submit to it. The reason ACLU homes in on the rights of the citizen is that it's often the only way to bring perps to trial. At least the Anwar-al-Awlaki case stirred up some debate.'
'Auden said that all his poetry didn't save a single Jew,' Jesus philosophised. 'But that doesn't mean it wasn't worth writing. You do what you must do and you do it well, as Dylan says. Allowing for the grubby compromises we all must make.'
'What gets me about human rights is the hypocrisy,' Charlie levelly pointed out. 'It's all based on the idea that every life is sacred, which everyone knows is a blatant lie. We're all dispensable. To talk of human rights in a country where people are legally made sick and addicted for huge profits is beyond obscene. But it's not all bad. Even in my field, if warfare is a numbers game, then drone strike fatalities are an infinitesimal part of the millions killed in two world wars. Perhaps the best thing about drones is that they unite the entire population against us. Nation building. Maybe even a good thing in the long run.'
A timer went off - it's gently insistent beeping soon rising to a hysterical crescendo.
'Time to whip out my spotted dick.' And Jesus dived into the kitchen.
Marteen and Ben darted concerned glances at Charlie as the sound rose, but he seemed not to mind. The shrilling stopped. Marteen met Ben's eye and mouthed a silent 'phew'. They shared a complicitous smile. Marteen wondered if he and Catherine were sleeping with each other. If so, she'd bet it was Catherine's idea. They seemed easy with each other but maybe they were just old colleagues.
The Spotted Dick was borne in and Tracey ladled out the custard. Marteen sprinkled toasted oats over her cranachan for those who liked their animal fats cold. Talk soon turned bawdy. Sarah's uncontrollable giggling whenever Spotted Dick was mentioned kept spirits high.
'Britain,' said Jesus portentously, 'is the one country in the world where you can say you've just seen a pair of Great Tits over the road and everyone assumes you're talking about birds. They also have a thing called a Bar-tailed Godwit, which I was the only one to find funny. Bar-tailed Godwit. Sounds like a devout virgin in a chastity belt.'
Jake, embarrassed, went to his room to do some homework (i.e. wank over fantasies of fucking both Sarah and Marteen) as Ben, wearing an air of scientific detachment, mentioned a study which suggested that the shape of the glans might act as a plunger to expel the semen of a rival male from the vaginal canal. This would explain the prolonged to-and-fro action before culminating in orgasm.
Ben turned an expression of mild enquiry on his dumbstruck audience. 'Well, I thought it interesting,' he observed.
'You old romantic,' Catherine drily chided. 'I've never heard the beautiful act of love so tenderly described. There is also the assumption that the woman would be naturally promiscuous, which is fair enough, but history does show a preference for couples.'
'History is the merest blip in evolutionary terms. What is true is that if you mix two sperm samples together, the spermatozoa immediately attack each other.'
'Sperm Wars. That would run and run,' deadpanned Al, setting Sarah off again.
Marteen thought of the little tickling sensation as, spreadeagled after sex, spunk oozed from her pussy to trickle deliciously down her perineum to her asshole...
The talk moved on. Sarah asked for Marteen's recipe for the cranachan while Jesus quizzed Catherine for folk-names of wild flowers. Charlie, Ben and Al were talking fishing and Tracey was making Irish coffee.
Happily sated with carbs, sugar, suet, butter, meat, eggs and alcohol (apart from Ben, the designated driver, who'd stuck to elderflower cordial) the guests finally dispersed. Al and Sarah took a cab while the Culvers set out on foot. Charlie had their cut glass bowl tied to his head with a scarf, like a lady's bonnet from the dawn of motoring. It was chilly. Marteen snuggled up to him for warmth.
Outside the all-night store a bum was going through a strange ritual: he'd peer into an empty newspaper rack, shake his head like a dog with a flea in its ear, walk to a nearby lamppost, circle it twice and then head back to the rack. As Charlie and Marteen passed, giving the guy a wide berth, Charlie glanced at his face and stiffened with shock. 'Harry,' he addressed the guy, 'is it you?' He doffed his bowl. 'Hey, man, it's Charlie. We were in flying-school together.'
The derelict lifted his head. His eyes darted from side to side like a cornered rat. A lip drew back showing blackened stumps of teeth and with an inhuman whinnying sound he broke away and shot off down a dark alley.
Charlie, froze with horror,  then came to and started after him but the distant clang of tumbled trash cans showed he was probably uncatchable. He returned to Marteen who clutched his arm. 'Charlie! Who was that?'
He shook his head sadly. 'An old flying buddy of mine. Great guy, one of the best. We lost touch when he went off to fight in Iraq. I was so envious of him. Last I heard he'd been deployed to Japan. Must be eight years ago. Jesus.' He bit his lip.
'What do you think's happened to him?'
'Obviously some form of psychosis. Maybe induced by crystal meth. Did you see his teeth?'
She looked up at her mate. So that was what 'grey-faced' meant.
'He was such a straight arrow, I can't believe it.' Charlie was still shaken. 'He used to kneel down and say his prayers every night. But he was no Holy Joe. He was always up for a few beers but I never saw him drunk. He was still a virgin and keeping himself pure till he could marry his childhood sweetheart, for fuck's sake. Everyone assumed he was headed for the top. Poor bastard. I'll ring around a few people tomorrow and see if anyone knows what happened to him.'
'There's a list of mental-health charities in the library,' Marteen volunteered, 'I'll see if any of them has him on their radar. What's his full name?'
'Harrison Washington Edwards. He came from some little place in Iowa, I seem to remember. I've probably got his details at home but I can't help feeling it may be too late.'
'Those eyes!' Marteen shivered daintily. 'Like that horse in Guernica. Are you sure it was him under all that dirt and hair?'
'Yep. 'fraid so. Hell, he was in my unit. Just another sick vet who slipped through the cracks. No wonder so many commit suicide. They say more soldiers killed themselves after Vietnam than were killed in the war itself.'
Charlie replaced the cold, heavy bowl on his head and tied it on.
Marteen plunged her hands into the pockets of her sheepskin coat and they set off again. A block of brisk walking eased the horror.
'Sarah told me she'd met Al when this stranger turned up on her doorstep to warn her that the CIA had a file on her,' Marteen recounted. 'He said he'd been tasked with hacking into her emails and had decided, after a little research, that far from being a subversive, she was a force for good. Also, he later confessed, he'd been smitten with her photo. Of course, the news that the state had an eye on her was no surprise, but it was good to know for sure. Besides, if Al was for real, it would be invaluable to have a mole in the CIA.'
'Risky of her to tell that to someone she'd just met,' said Charlie seriously. 'Al could get in a lot of trouble. It's not a great time to be a whistleblower. What Sarah was saying about Julian Assange. The truth will set us free, my ass. It's not that people don't know what's being done in their name, it's that they don't want to know. There's already enough public dirt on the CIA to sink them ten times over. Al told me that, just like China, lots of the CIA's work is straightforward commercial espionage. We've ripped off inventions from Germany, for instance, then jumped the gun and patented them in our own name before they could do it.'
'Well, I still think what she's trying to do about freedom of speech is worthwhile. And leaking stuff is so easy these days that there's no way of stopping it.'
'Yes and no. If the government had any sense, it would release everything and let everyone drown in shit. Look at the 95% false positives that trawling the internet for terrorists gives us. ACLU's fine as far as it goes but it can only work within the law. And the Patriot Act shows how fast that can change.'
They passed another CCTV camera. A police car cruising by slowed down to look at them then burbled off again.
They walked on into deepest suburbia with the bright lights of Vegas screaming in the distance. Behind closed doors the odd dog barked and some motion detectors turned on security lights as they passed. A jet tore through the sky overhead and Charlie barely flinched.
'Jesus said the POL wanted to do a song about drones.' Charlie broke the companionable silence. I said go ahead. I told him about the comparison of a drone camera to looking through a soda-straw. Sort of symbol of narrow-mindedness and lack of perspective.'
'Like blinders on a horse to stop it being spooked by the traffic?'
'Exactly. Or a journalist so taken with the rubbish in the gutter that he never looks up to see where the street is going. Three cheers for mindless hedonism. Let's go home and make love.'
'Sounds good to me.'
Their little Disney palace was still there. Mormons to right of them, Catholics to left of them, Archie in front of them clamoured and hungered. Life was good.

 81.

On October 28th. Netanyahu categorically ruled out any right of return for the Palestinian diaspora. The building of illegal settlements speeded up. 'The corpse is dead,' Hami blogged, 'long live the corpse.'
Ari breathed a qualified sigh of relief. Heightened tensions were good for business, if bad for Israel's image. They'd blame it on Palestinian intransigence as usual, but Bibi's contemptuous arrogance left far too many American Jews rubbed-up the wrong way. The POL were still a thorn in his side. The demos had drawn more and more counter-demos from the band's fans. The Ten Commendments was their halftime closer. He'd get some prominent Jews to sue them for antisemitism, that might help. Giving them a platform was a risk he'd have to take. He'd try to involve Charlie in their ruin. Jim Carpenter had told him that the owner of Charlie's house was 'an elderly Jewish gentleman' back East but that Agent Hicks had the number of his niece right here in Vegas. What if she knew her uncle's tenants were supporters of Hamas? Hamas. The very word filled him with cold rage. As Tacitus said: It is part of human nature to hate the man you have hurt. And hate Ari did. Not just Hamas but the entire Palestinian people. Now to nail the POL for racism. (The irony was lost on him). To the lawyers!

 82.

'Neumann,' Jesus sang to the tune of Dinah, 'do you have to be so coy, man?'  He'd destroyed his printouts and hidden Benny's list deep in the dark web. Access required a string of memorised passwords. The chance that each keystroke of the library computer was being logged was small.
'GitcheGumee1492?' he carefully typed. Whip out my Longfellow. Wadsworth. What had happened to that fine old name? He typed in another password. And another. Last one. He rummaged in his ragbag of memory. Ah yes. 'StephenDowlingBots;1835'. He was in. Of course Neumann is a common name but it turned out that a Mrs. Golda Neumann had been artificially inseminated by a Palestinian and had given birth to a daughter, Batya, who had helpfully posted a family tree on her Facebook page. It was in both Hebrew and English as Batya liked to keep in touch with family in England, Australia and the USA. There were pictures of herself and her hubby and three adorable kids. They lived in a gated community, built, Jesus discovered, on the bulldozed remains of a Palestinian village. Simmy was a dentist and Batya a primary-school teacher.
Batya's adoptive father's second cousin had had a son called Ariel Neumann whose d.o.b. matched Ari's. Men had been killed on less-positive ID. Jesus committed Batya's details to memory and sent Benny's list back to endless night. He'd have to find out if Ari even knew Batya. He'd get Mo on the Jewish grapevine.
Meanwhile there was Benny's song to work on. And he had to practice those Arabic scales on his sax, which might mean gripes from the neighbours. He'd parried them so far with charm and gifts of fruit.

 83.

Hami's blog led on the impunity with which White cops killed Black men under the rubric:

Black and White makes Whack and Blight.

As an Iranian, I'm racially defined by what I'm not, Hami wrote. Am I Black? No. White? No. Arab? No. Asian? No. Persian? If you insist, although I was born in the Land of the Free Carrier Bag, the good ol' USA. For me, race pales (ho ho) into insignificance compared to religion. I am supposedly a Muslim although I consider Islam to be a load of childish nonsense. At worst a con, at best a set of fairy-tales. But, once a Muslim, always a Muslim. Unless I'm an atheist, another non-thing.
So, what am I? If a man is his job I'm a software designer. Bespoke systems for companies - everything from stock control to wages. I have clients ranging from an SUV dealership to a chain of legalised brothels.
(Ha! Shot Ari's fox.)
In my free time I play in a band called the Prophets of Loss from which not inconsiderable emoluments accrue. We aim to promote tolerance and understanding by means of scathing satire. Here's a link.
Physically, I'm five ten, 37 years old, my own teeth (liberally plugged and capped) and that little problem of premature ejaculation is well in hand. Please, ladies! Form an orderly queue. Queue? Rescueue me from capricious spelling.
What I hate most about racism is its stupidity, its crude reductionism. I like to think that we transcend the shape of our nose, the tone of our skin. That's not to say that most stereotypes don't contain a grain of truth. As Nietzsche wryly observed: Jews know how to make money and we think that's a bad thing?
Isolate and persecute communities and of course you get quirks. But I remember an Indian friend of mine saying that the Jewish family living under the roller coaster in Annie Hall was the living spit of his own back in Delhi. Who hasn't sometimes identified with Nigger Jim in Huckleberry Finn or Emma in Emma? Oh, just me, then. We all love dressing up. What is intolerable is being forced into a drab, ill-fitting uniform by morons.
Musicians travel the world meeting other musicians. Everywhere there are exciting opportunities for conflict and resolution. Everywhere is home. Professionals mix with professionals, be they physicists or footballers. What unites is much stronger than what divides them. A White prison officer had been giving a Black prisoner a really rough time until he learned that they had both been brought up in care. His attitude changed overnight. They were no longer Black and White but fellow survivors. They ended by becoming friends.
This is my gripe with Identity Politics. To accept your difference as your defining feature is already to have lost. I deplore racism, misogyny and homophobia but I don't like labels. It's not only White cops shooting unarmed Blacks that is important. It's people shooting people. Take an axe to the root and the branches will die.
None of Dr. Benjamin Goldblum's 'mongrel' children has yet broken cover but I live in the hope that a few people may have felt 'You know what, it's actually no big deal.'
Next week we'll be looking at corporate gelding of both sexes under the heading: Fail and Memale or Anything You can do I can do Cheaper. Remember how women were persuaded to smoke by renaming cigarettes 'Freedom Torches.' (Sic and sick).
I welcome your thoughts on these or indeed any topics. Ciao for niao.

 84.

Ari blundered. He thought that Esther's vigorous history of fundraising for Israel meant that she shared his bigotry. An anonymous letter printed on cheap paper had been shoved through her door.

Dear Mrs. Jacobson, it read, as a valued supporter of our Jewish homeland you should know that Charles and Marteen Culver have been consorting with a member of the Prophets of Loss, an antisemitic band. This person's car was observed outside Mr. Nachemowitz's house from early evening until eleven o'clock the next morning. They were filmed also at a concert of this same group. I am sure that you would not want these enemies of Israel staying in Mr. Nachemowitz's house.
Yours sincerely,
A Friend.

Esther bristled. The coward hadn't even signed his name. She was convinced that the torrent of online vitriol would be much reduced if people had to put their names to their insults and lies. There was also an undercurrent of threat - how had her informant come by all these details? And while attacks on Israel made her sick with foreboding, even her belief that the Israeli army was the most moral on earth couldn't stop the occasional doubt surfacing as news of sadistic repression occasionally leaked out. She would be disappointed if it turned out that Marteen and Charlie were enemies of Israel but she had detected no sign of antisemitism in Marteen and she had sensitive antennae. Could this simply be more persecution of the unlucky couple?
She crumpled the note and threw it in the trash.
Should she tell Marteen that someone was gunning for her? No. Why distress her for nothing? But a general statement of support couldn't hurt. On the other hand...

 85.

Ari's second mistake was to sue the band as purveyors of hate-crime just as they were launching Benny's song online. It was called Adieu a Jew and it took off like a rocket. The fact that the lyrics skewered racism and prejudice on all sides did not conceal that the basic message was one of tolerance and love.
Mo's romantic entanglement with Jenny brought out a strain of shmaltz he hadn't suspected but he managed to keep it under control.
Benny's rise was accompanied by a sedate waltz undercut by distant Arabic wailing in free time. Only the triumphant 'He Was A Jew!' blazoned forth in a clear C major until the fatal moment when Benny discovered his true origins and 'It Was All Lies!' sounded. The final chord exploded into the smash and tinkle of breaking glass.
The tempo picked up and the waltz, now festooned with curlicues of Arabic melody, danced on.
A sower walked a straight white line, joyously scattering seeds to left and right.
Ari watched with gritted teeth as little Benny's Israeli education was rubbished. Jews, according to the song, had not always yearned to return to their homeland; the Bible was worthless as history; Joshua's genocidal clearance of Canaan was a dangerous model for schoolchildren; there was no such thing as the 'Jewish People'; the country was built on ethnic cleansing, murder and theft...
As for Benny's adventures in miscegenation, Ari's view was that the ruling class had always fathered brats on the subhuman underclass, if rarely by remote control. But that Palestinian sperm should pollute the pure well of Jewish motherhood was intolerable.
The video ended with Mo and Hami reprising a bit of the mirror scene from Duck Soup.
It wasn't Ari's week. Within a couple of days Mo's Mom's circle of friends (which he referred to as 'the gripevine') had dug up the fact that not only was Ari close to Simmy and Batya - he'd been best man at their wedding. Jesus had discovered that her biological father was a Palestinian journalist who'd been twice imprisoned by the Israelis and who'd eventually wound up as a refugee in Berlin, but he didn't want to destroy her life just to get at Ari.
Still, it gave one, as the French said, furiously to think.
Ari had not, of course, sued the POL under his own name, but used Vince Mortimer as his catspaw. Expensive lawyers rubbed their hands.
On the 14th. of November the Palestinians pulled out of the peace talks because of the increased building of illegal settlements.
Batya's mother Golda was slipping into premature senility. She frightened Batya by convulsively clutching her hand as Wolfie approached and shrieking, 'He's not your father. He's not your father.' She had by this time forgotten Wolfie's name but her anguish seemed real. Her agitation worsened whenever she saw the two of them together. Batya had never been told of her AI origins but she knew that her mother had attended the Nussbaum Clinic. She confronted her father.
'Nu, she's right,' Wolfie eventually agreed. 'Your mother and I wanted children but my sperm count was too low. So we opted for Artificial Insemination and it worked. But I've always loved you like my own. We couldn't have asked for a better daughter. There was no reason to tell you and possibly hurt your feelings. It was the greatest mitzvah when you came into our lives.'
'I love you too, Dad, and I always will. But I have to know the truth.'
Wolfie hadn't heard of the Nussbaum Clinic scandal and Batya didn't tell him. She arranged an appointment and Benny's bombshell burst. The clinic was forced to admit that her father had indeed been a Palestinian. The clinic's advice was to tell no-one and forget about it but Batya couldn't help looking at such Palestinian men as she encountered with redoubled fear and loathing. That scowling guy with a limp loading cabbages into a truck, say, or that toothless old man driving a donkey cart loaded with scrap iron? Surely not? The clinic had assured her that all donors were screened for respectability and that her father was one of the professional class. She remembered when a Palestinian accountant had wanted to move into her new block of flats on the outskirts of Tel Aviv as, as an Israeli citizen, he was fully entitled to do. Luckily, the other inhabitants of the block, all Jewish, had a veto on new tenants and had unanimously voted to keep him out, citing the figleaf of 'avoidance of community friction.'
When she blurted out her horrible secret to Simmy, his momentary pause before assuring her that of course it made no difference, told her the score. They would keep it to themselves, he added hastily, no-one need ever know. Think of the children. Wolfie had no inkling that the donor could be anything but a Jew as the whole Benny Goldblum hoo-hah had passed him by. Why disillusion him? Anyway, a Jew was anyone born of a Jewish mother, so that was all kosher.
Batya felt Simmy's gaze flicker dubiously over her, searching out her hidden taint, reviewing everything he thought he knew. She burst into tears and rushed for the bedroom. Simmy let her go.



 86.

Charlie, Ben, Al and Jake had gone fishing. Jake, using flies hand-tied by his father, had the day's best catch. His enthusiasm and eagerness to please lifted everyone's spirits and Charlie felt he'd be proud of such a son. Three men in their thirties and not a child between them. They fished in pairs but swapped at lunchtime. Fall had come early because of the drought. The spinney of trees by the stream was bare. The sun was hot, but the water, even through waders, was bone chillingly cold. Talk, apart from the odd cry of triumph or disaster, was discouraged although Charlie, gave Jake a few manly tips about casting, over a mug of coffee laced with scotch.
One hour and five trout later they went off in search of Al and his little fish-smoker.

 87.

Esther, after agonising over her decision all weekend, took Marteen to one side. She'd decided that the Culvers deserved to know what was being said about them behind their backs.
'Marteen, she began, 'I'd like to think that as well as colleagues we're also friends.'
Uh-oh.
'I'd like to think so too.' Was she going to be fired outright or were her hours just being cut?
'It's nothing to do with work.' Esther smiled reassuringly. 'But the truth is that I had a horrible letter on Saturday, anonymous of course, accusing you and Charlie of being antisemitic and hinting that I should chuck you out of Uncle Louie's house.'
'That's an outright lie,' Marteen gasped. 'I know this is a trite thing to say but my best friend at school was Jewish and we were in and out of each other's houses all the time.'
'I know, I know.' Esther held up a calming palm. 'I didn't believe it for a moment. I've seen the scrupulously fair way you treat our users and I've never once heard you make derogatory remarks about ethnicity. That's pretty rare, I can tell you. So put any thought of being evicted out of your mind. I think I can speak for Uncle Louie when I say we're very happy to have you look after the place. I just thought you should be aware of what's being said about you.'
'Yes. Thanks, Esther.'
'That's not all, though. This letter also alleged that you have been associating with a member of the Prophets of Loss, which they describe as a notoriously antisemitic band. No, wait!' she forestalled Marteen's objections, 'I haven't listened to their stuff, but this is a free country. As long as they have broken no law it doesn't matter if I find their views obnoxious, they're entitled to have them. I did Google them and while I thought they were totally wrong about Israel, I didn't find anything I would call antisemitic. And who you choose to be friends with is your own business. Here's the letter if you want it. Sorry it's all crumpled, I retrieved it from the trash.'
Marteen took the paper. Her face darkened as she read.
'What worries me,' Esther changed tone, 'is how all that information was gathered. I mean, it's no secret you're staying in Uncle Louie's house, but how many people know his surname is Nachemowitz?'
'I know of at least one.' Remember I mentioned that visit from some guy in the planning department? He actually asked to speak with Mr. Nachemowitz and it took me a minute to realise who he was talking about. I gave him all our names and told him your number.'
'You said - but he never called.'
'Ugh. How stupid.' Marteen narrowed her eyes. 'That was a few days after Jesus and his girlfriend came over for supper. That stuff about the car being there all that time is because they left it there and walked home. He picked it up the next day. Maybe someone's watching him. You're wrong about him, by the way,' Marteen found herself gabbling and pulled back. 'He's a really sweet guy. We bumped into him after that concert where Charlie freaked out and he was very kind. I know for a fact that he hasn't got a racist bone in his body.' So Jesus was right about his car being tracked.
'Be that as it may, I found the thought that I should penalise people on the basis of their opinions abhorrent.' Esther smiled ruefully. 'I know that I can be a bit of a bore on the subject of Israel but I do try and stop before people's eyes glaze over. Even I know it's not perfect, but one thing it does have is room for every kind of opinion. They say put two Jews together and you get three opinions. That's as it should be. Screaming "antisemite" whenever someone criticises Israel just shuts down debate. If there are lies on either side they must be exposed. OK. Enough with the civil rights. How's Archie getting on?'
They moved to Planet Cat.
Marteen was hugely relieved at Esther's calm acceptance of her dirty little secret. Who was that little man from the planning department? He'd had a sort of biblical name. Pariah, was it? No. Um. Beriah. Yeah. Beriah Hicks, that was it. She'd phone the planning department and ask to speak  to him. She had to warn Jesus.
Al had told Charlie that the CIA kept tabs on everything to the left of the Ku Klux Klan so the idea that the POL was under observation was no surprise. Jesus's security clearance had, after all, been revoked. Marteen felt a mixture of fear and anger that Charlie, who was risking, if not his life, at least his sanity for his country, might be targeted as a traitor.
Talking of targets, the CIA had picked up the trail of the Taliban leader who'd escaped their last assassination attempt. Charlie's team was to be given a second crack at him sometime soon. Whoop de doo.
That evening Marteen told him Esther's story and showed him the poison-pen letter. 'She said it was unstamped and just pushed through her mail slot, so whoever it was knew where she lived. Also, I phoned the planning department and they had no record of a Beriah Hicks working for them. The letter mentioned only one meeting with Jesus. So either they tracked him here or were watching us.' Marteen chewed her lip. 'The real question is: who hates us enough to try and get us evicted?'
'Not to mention smearing us as antisemites,' said Charlie dully. 'I bet that nice Mr. Neumann is somehow involved. I've heard he's been looking for an excuse to can me but drone pilots are thin on the ground.'
'At least I don't have to walk on eggshells with Esther anymore. I hadn't realised just how conflicted all those lies and half-truths made me feel. She was great - came out with all guns blazing for freedom of speech. She also said that Uncle Louie had had a bout of pneumonia and the doctor had recommended allowing at least three months for recuperation. She seemed to think that we were safe for the time being. He was talking wistfully about June.'
Pity, Marteen thought. She wished the old man well. She'd like him to see how they'd looked after his house. Perhaps he'd keep them on as cook and handyman during his occasional visits? The little house was at its best in winter with heavy drapes and overstuffed furniture. One chilly evening they'd given in to temptation and set the ornamental pine-cones in the fireplace alight. A lick of flame and the dusty, spraypainted cones responded with crackling alacrity. Sweet fire, like love it warms and cheers. Archie inched up until his nose nearly touched the grate. Marteen, trying to shift him, was met with a stubborn growl. He'd have to be neutered soon. Nothing stank worse than a pee-spraying tom.
Charlie, relaxing by the fire, thought of Harry out there in the cold driven by his insane compulsions. Possessed by devils was the old diagnosis. Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing time after time and expecting a different result. Charlie had phoned round some pals from the old days but no-one had heard of Harry in years. A posting in an online magazine for vets garnered nothing apart from a couple of expressions of anger and dismay. He'd several times driven slowly past the spot where they'd seen the ravaged stranger who'd been his friend but to his somewhat guilty relief there was no sign of him.
Marteen had contacted  three mental-health charities but there was no trace of a Harry or Harrison Edwards. Someone suggested exploring the tunnels under the strip where many of the city's homeless were to be found. Or ER. Or the morgue. Was he drawing a pension, did she know?
Trouble was, psychotic vets were a drug on the market. Harry was sinking in quicksand. They'd done what they could. She didn't want to risk Charlie's equilibrium now that things were improving at last. Ow. Damned menstrual cramps. Archie needled her thigh (how had he got there unnoticed) and fixed her with his jade-green eyes. That took her mind off 'the curse'. Archie purred like a young tractor and ecstatically curled his toes. Fff.
'It's lucky you're so beautiful,' she told the cat. 'Yes you are. Who's a snooky-wookums? You are. Don't deny it.'
It wasn't only the cat whose toes curled.
She got up and made for the kitchen.
Charlie put on a CD. Rain Tree by Takemitsu. He pulled a lever and his chair reclined and extended a footstool. Feet up and eyes closed. Raindrops plinking down... He drifted off. Not raindrops but drops of liquid fire lighting up the night sky, falling on a bombed city he knew was Dresden. Dresden had been called the worst massacre in European history. It was near the end of the war. The beautiful city was of no strategic importance. Those who weren't torn up by shrapnel or burned to a crisp suffocated as the firestorm sucked all the oxygen out of the air. There'd been cellars full of people sitting quietly in death. Charlie remembered Harry telling him with pride that his grandfather had actually flown on that historic mission.
Charlie had not yet read Slaughterhouse-Five. It seemed that the firebombing was an act of sheer spite - revenge for the Blitz and the Nazi destruction of Swansea and Coventry...
'Charlie. Wake up Sugar. I've made us a whisky toddy, I don't want you catching cold.'
'Eh? Oh, right. Thanks. I told you Bobo spent all day coughing and sneezing right next to me. Let's hope this nips it in the bud.'
He sipped the hot honey, lemon and whisky and his dream of a burning Dresden morphed into the cheery fire in the hearth.
Archie, visibly rounder, insinuated himself into the warmest spot and the tableau was complete.
Home sweet home. But someone wanted them out. Someone with an Israeli axe to grind. Someone prepared to swat them off this toehold on the cliff of life into the churning sea below.  Charlie felt his hatred of Ari beginning to grow. Schmoozing him one minute only to try and cut him off at the knees the next was demeaning. And then it seemed the security services, not content with monitoring his every second at work, were invading his private life as well. Welcome to Big Brother.
Marteen lifted Archie, curled up in her chair and plonked him on her lap where he agreeably fell asleep. Lilac chair, red hair, green top (matching her eyes) and ginger cat. A Matisse madonna.
They sipped their toddies. Living rent-free they'd tried to save at least half the surplus and now had fourteen hundred bucks in the bank. A piffling sum, but a start. Charlie'd got a bonus after the last kill but that had gone on a new set of tyres for the Jeep.
'Inez is pregnant again,' Marteen neutrally informed her spouse.
'Is Ralph the father?'
Marteen chuckled. 'She's not sure, but she thinks so.'
'Is she gonna keep it?'
'Most likely. I guess you can never have too many revolutionaries.' A tolerant smile. 'Besides it'll give her a chance to challenge the state's lousy maternity provisions.'
'Well, good for her.' Charlie liked Inez.
'Charlie,' Marteen teetered on the brink, 'should we have a baby before it's too late? I know all the counter-arguments,' she hastily conceded, 'but the bank would have to increase our living allowance if we had a child and I'd far rather spend the money on us than them. It's just that living in this house has made me realise how much I'd love a place of our own. Hell, a cabin in the woods would do. There are complete ghost towns all over the place. We could have our own saloon and livery stable.'
'I suppose a baby couldn't cost more than Archie. We could afford one or the other but not both. Luckily, he's nearly oven-ready.'
What a wag.
'Charlie!' Mock outrage. 'But seriously, Sugar...'

 88.

One morning in late November, Jesus was relishing the subtle difference between A-flat and G-sharp on the trumpet when the doorbell rang. Some guy thrust on him an envelope, said he'd been served with a lawsuit and departed toot sweet.
Jesus perused the lawyer's letter and saw that the gist of the verbiage was that the POL was being sued for inciting racial hatred. They would be asking exemplary damages of six million dollars. A preliminary hearing was scheduled for the other side of Christmas by which time the firm of Mortimer, Carfax and Cecil hoped to have heard from the POL's legal team.
Jesus remembered plunging into a dark cellar as a boy and straight into a mass of old cobwebs which smothered and clung. He screamed and shot up the stairs, clawing the filthy stuff off his face as he ran. Such was his panicky reaction at falling into the dingy snares of the law. Of course, the charge was ludicrous, but look at how Lenny Bruce had wasted the last years of his life in an obsessive battle with the courts over his act's supposed obscenity. Jesus took a deep breath. Had to let the others know. They'd set up a fighting fund. Perhaps Sarah could get ACLU on board. Suzie would be hopping mad. 'This I need like a lochinkop' he could hear her saying. At least she knew good lawyers. The POL was, these days, one of her best earners. If Vince Mortimer was involved it was a fair bet that AIPAC was pulling the strings.
Jesus phoned Mo and Hami and they agreed to meet that evening at Mo's for crisis talks.
He'd just hung up when Marteen phoned to tell him about the attempt to render them homeless. 'The letter also mentioned that we'd been consorting with you and they knew your car had been outside our house when you and Tracey came over. They're watching one or other of us, perhaps both.'
'Hm. Al was right. They are tracking my car. Can't say I'm surprised.'
'They also said the POL was antisemitic. You should sue them for libel.'
Jesus laughed, a little more than was warranted. 'Too late, my pretty. We've just been sued ourselves for fomenting hatred of Jews. These things happening to us both at once looks like a coordinated attack. They may be trying to get you to destroy us and yourselves in the process.'
'Suicide bomber was never top of my list of careers,' said Marteen pertly, 'but I'd be happy to appear as a character witness anytime.'
'Thanks, Marteen, that means a lot to me.'
She invisibly blushed. 'No problemo. And I love Adieu a Jew, by the way. I don't see how anyone could call it antisemitic.'
'Aha! But they're trying to push the idea that any criticism of the Jewish homeland is by definition antisemitic.'
'I don't know how we managed without the word chutzpah for so long.' She snorted derisively. 'One good thing is that we no longer have to pretend to be strangers while Esther's around. She came out fiercely in defence of free speech and individual liberty even at the expense of her beloved Israel. She would have made Sarah proud. Whoever sent that letter miscalculated badly.'
' "Confound their politics, Frustrate their knavish tricks" as God Save the King has it. Could be a bit of Gilbert and Sullivan... Anyway, thanks for letting me know. They might have a tracker on your car too I suppose. Charlie should check it out. Behind the rear bumper or in the wheel-well are common places. Nice to know our tax dollars are being used to keep tabs on the likes of us. Swift says laws are like cobwebs, which catch small flies while wasps and hornets break through.'
'Yep, we White Anglo-Saxon Protestants have it pretty sweet,' said Marteen smugly. 'We'll be fine.'
'I daresay. Listen, keep in touch, Marteen.'
'Will do. Bye, Jesus,'
'Bye.'
What was his cock like, she found herself wondering. Long, slim and shapely most likely. After priming Charlie on the subject of kids she'd failed to follow through as premenstrual cramps and bloating ruled out sex. Charlie's cock was sturdy and businesslike. Back in school a classmate had brought in a statuette belonging to her brother. It was the head and neck of a long bearded old salt in a sou’wester carved from a bit of banister. It took her ages to realise what it was. The little slit on top was what finally gave it away. That and the shrieking laughter of the other girls. It was a phallus! Yuk! She'd thrown it away in disgust. Still, she'd only been twelve at the time. Looking back, it had been an amusingly accurate likeness of Charlie's organ.
Archie, lying in her lap slept sweetly, his throat on her wrist. Yes, she wanted Charlie's baby. An image of them sitting by the fire sipping toddies recurred. My God! She'd become her mother. A nest called with its dark broody croodling. Her librarianship course was going well. Her essay on age-appropriate children's literature had got an A and if all went well, she could graduate next August. She just hoped Charlie didn't crash and burn.

 89.

And Charlie dreamed a dream. He was trudging along the side of a ridge in the gathering dusk. He knew he had to get home to his house on the other side but however he tried he couldn't just cross over. There was an impenetrable phalanx of houses in the way and each attempt to sneak through gardens and alleyways always came up against locked gates and unscalable walls, driving him again and again back to the path. He had miles to go. The path steepened as he laboured on, panting in the cold and gritty wind.
The clock-radio turned on the 7a.m. headlines and Charlie came to. With Thanksgiving and Black Friday coming up soon it was time to spend, spend, spend! Perhaps he'd go back to the alarm-clock. He quashed the inane jingles and got ready for another day of farts and flickering screens.

 90.

Batya's depression deepened. She actually believed the Zionist myths that she taught her little pupils. The tale of the Chosen People driven from their homeland, persecuted wherever they laid their heads, yearning only for their promised land of milk and honey. And then at last, after millions had been killed, the triumphal return tarantara tarantara.
She didn't like to think of Palestinians - so she didn't. Why wouldn't they just take a hint and go away? Now one had insinuated himself into her very core! She was sure Simmy's attitude towards her had changed. She didn't blame him - she'd lately felt a reluctance to hug her own children in case the poison rubbed off on them. In an old black-and-white movie the disgraced legionnaire would be left in a room with a bottle of whisky and a loaded revolver to do the decent thing. In 21st.-century Israel an overdose of sleeping-tablets was Batya's way out. As she'd left no note the verdict of suicide or accident remained open, her death the jangling amputation of an unresolved chord.
Ari was thunderstruck. He flew back overnight for the funeral. A tragic accident, everyone agreed. She'd had so much to live for. Simmy guessed at the motive for suicide but kept shtum. She was wrong about him, by the way. Far from her Palestinian taint repelling him, it fed his fantasies of forbidden fruit. He'd often fucked doe-eyed Palestinian beauties in his mind. And yet he was a fervent opponent of 'marrying out' and had even broken with an old friend when the man had married a shikse.
Jesus had rigged up a system to flag up any mention of Benny's 'mixlings' as he'd decided to call them. So when Batya's funeral notice appeared in an online magazine it popped up in his newsfeed. Batya Neumann, beloved daughter of Wolfgang and Golda... Accidental overdose.
Mo's mom phoned. 'How come you no sooner ask me about this girl than she winds up dead?' she demanded.
'Nothing to do with me, Mom.'
'They said it was an accident but Becky's oldest boy Icky said there was talk of suicide. Do you remember Icky? He's done very well for himself. He's a professor at the Weitzmann Institute. Something to do with chemicals, I believe. So, what's new?'
'Well, the POL's being sued by that Christian Zionist whose butt I kicked on TV. He hasn't got a chance of winning but it's a real drag.'
'Hmph. And when are we going to meet this new girlfriend of yours, Jenny, is it?'
'It is. Soon, I hope.'
'Is she there now?'
'Sure is.'
'Put her on, I want to talk to her.'
'OK. Here you go. Bye, Mom. Love ya.'
'Mrs. Weiler?' Jenny picked up the phone as if it might bite. 'It's so nice to talk to you.'
'Call me Evie. So you're Jenny? I'd like to say I've heard all about you but it would be an downright lie. To get personal information from Moses is like squeezing blood from a stone. But what little he has divulged has been all good. He sounds uncharacteristically happy.'
'Yes, I think he is. I certainly am. I must say, Evie,' Jenny gushed, 'I think your son's wonderful'
'Moses? He has his points, I suppose.' Evie's laconic words failed to hide a sense of bursting pride.
Bullseye.

 91.

The POL met to talk tactics. Sarah thought she might be able to interest the ACLU in their case but there were the usual constraints of too much work and too little money. Suzy's pet lawyer was more concerned with contract law than civil rights, but he knew a radical young lawyer, a member of Jews for Palestine, who'd come cheap.
Jesus had traced Vince's investments and found a substantial holding in a missile software development company of which Ari was a director. Batya was dead, but was her  mooted suicide connected to her parentage? Jesus hacked into the Nussbaum Clinic's appointment diary and found that Batya had been there five weeks before her death. To quote Thoreau: 'Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.'
Ari's tribute on Batya's facebook page was the usual fulsome guff but a sense of devastation and bewilderment came through. If he knew about her secret he didn't let on.
Thoughts of blackmail hovered in the wings.
Adieu a Jew was all over the internet like a rash. Its guying of Zionist propaganda had encouraged some hysterical online exchanges. Jesus had weeded out the more abusive and unhinged comments on their website (...tare off your head and shit down yur troath...) and tried to give a fair representation of the rest.
Mo was singled out as a traitor to his people and that most loathesome of antisemites, the (sigh) self-hating Jew. All three atheists would burn in Hell for all eternity. A geneticist wrote that there was more genetic variation within than between so-called 'races' and that people should just get over it.
Hami's blog featured a spot-the-difference quiz: which of the following statements had been uttered by Nazis and which by rightwing Jews? It was a tie.
Hitler, Hami said, defined lebensraum as just a bit of farmless Hun.
Thanksgiving and Black Friday came and went. Mandela died. A selfie taken at the funeral by the Prime Minister of Denmark showed three inappropriately grinning politicians (herself, Obama and David Cameron, who'd squeezed himself in and looked as happy as a dog with two faces). It went viral. A fraudulent signer for the deaf stood to one side solemnly turning the eulogies into  gibberish.
The world moved on.
The runup to Christmas shrilled ever louder.
The assassination of Nadir Omar, the Taliban leader they'd missed first time round, was coming up. Ari popped in to give a pep-talk on behalf of the management. A successful outcome could mean a big increase in government contracts and further Christmas bonuses all round.
'Remember,' Ari exhorted them, 'you're on the front line here. These terrorists are killing and wounding our boys and girls out there and are sworn enemies of the American way of life. They must and will be defeated. I know I can rely on all of you to do your duty.'
Was it Charlie's imagination or did Ari's eyes narrow as they swept over him?
They'd be testing some new targeting software for which Bobo had been specially trained. The eventual (unstated) aim was to automate him out of existence. As it was, their privatised killer operation used only half as many personnel as the military equivalent. In fact Charlie could have managed the whole operation on his own but a minimal team was needed to normalise and even celebrate their murderous activities. Far better to treat this stuttering war as a videogame or pest extermination than have to deal with scores of flagdraped coffins of 'our boys' killed in action, most of them by 'friendly fire'.
Charlie kept his beta-blockers handy but had felt the need for them only twice. Yoga helped, as did the feeling that he was at last a responsible adult with a wife and a home and a cat. He'd hit a welcome plateau. Grey, boring, safe. Marteen felt secure enough to contemplate having a child and  he was able to view the prospect with equanimity and even a sense of tender gratitude that she wanted him for the father. Funny how the slew of incontrovertible reasons not to breed could be so easily sidestepped. Ego, meet Id.
Charlie's drone flew on, over the bleak highlands of an Afghan winter. There were a few animals, a poor little village, a scattering of farmhouses. Lower down was a pomegranate orchard and the stubble of a poppy-field. Donkeys, tractors, motorbikes, a bus. A bigger road. He zoomed in, looking for IEDs. That culvert under the road would be ideal but there was no sign that the dry brush choking the gully had been disturbed. He flew on. His eyes dropped down to the book on his lap. Stephen Hawking's A Brief History of Time. He'd tried it once before and had been easily following the arguments until a chasm suddenly appeared and he was lost. A bridge had been blown up and the far side might as well have been on the moon. OK. So black holes, those allegedly insatiable swallowers of everything that came within their ambit, could in fact leak mass and eventually dissipate? He went back a few pages and took another run at it.
The drone droned on. Charlie glanced at his monitors from time to time without interrupting his stream of thought.
Bobo was lost in a hot-rod magazine. A photo showed the body of a pickup truck perched on giant wheels like a beanie on a walrus.
Agnes Grey, party animal, was quietly becoming addicted to the opioid painkillers she'd been prescribed for her sciatica. Hip, hip but no hooray.
Cecil looked at his charts. There was some snow at higher levels but at least the winds weren't strong enough to ground the drones.
Nadir Omar was under continual surveillance. They could have taken him out in Pakistan (over the pro-forma protests of the government) but preferred to wait till he stepped across the border.
The hit could come at any time. The team was ready.

 92.

Ezra Glickstein, the POL's new lawyer, flew out from New York to meet with Vince's firm. He reported back despondently that these boychiks were out for blood. There was no question of apologies or clarifications - they wanted their day in court and had nine Jews willing to testify that the hate-speech of the POL had ruined their lives. Not only that - it was a class action on behalf of all Jews everywhere. Six million bucks was a ludicrous amount but it might be an idea to set up a fighting fund pronto. The other side seemed unlikely to be doing this pro bono so where was the money coming from?
Ezra went back to his hotel to work up the defence case.
Jenny, wearing her fact-checker's hat, hit the phones. Posing as a friend of Israel and hinting at a sizeable donation it took her under an hour to find that not only was the action being co-funded by AIPAC and a bunch of evangelicals but that Ari was in charge of co-ordinating the whole effort. Mo was impressed by and a little alarmed at how convincingly she could lie. 'There's something else,' said Jesus tentatively. 'Marteen Culver told me that they're house-sitting for her boss's uncle. He's this old Jewish guy from Boston. Esther, the boss in question, is a fervent Israel-booster. She got an anonymous note accusing the Culvers of antisemitism on the basis of their knowing me and suggesting that they be ejected from the house forthwith. They knew all the details. It turns out that our pal Ari is on a board of directors with the chap who withdrew my CIA security clearance. Small world, eh? Luckily this Esther treated the accusations with contempt - she's one of these heroic librarians who values free speech above rubies, or even roubles. It's almost as if they're trying to tip Charlie over the edge.'
'Why does that remind me of Israelis shoving Palestinians into a corner until they're forced to respond, so providing the excuse for another crackdown?' asked Mo truculently. 'How is friend Charlie, by the way?'
'Seems fine.' Jesus grimaced. 'He's a good guy, actually. Last time I saw him he was trying to convince himself that since we're all helplessly complicit in government murder we may as well ignore it.'
' "Ignorinser's bliss" to quote Sunny Jim Joyce,' said Hami. 'Sadly, he's absolutely right about our involvement and also our impotence. But still, imagine being the one who actually pushes the button. That's more detachment than I could muster. How's that soda-straw song coming on? We could do a visual based on parts of words. It always amuses me when a cop-car pulls up and a door opens to announce the "LICE" have arrived. Or we could pull back from "laugh" and see that it's part of "slaughter".'
'Put the turd back in Saturday,' Mo mused. 'Or the Nazi in Ashkenazi. You could do the reveals with spread chords: brrling, brrlang, brrlong. As for the tune, who remembers the One-note Samba? De-de deet de de-de de de de de deet de de-de de,' he monotoned.
'Strait is the gate,' Jesus grinned sourly. 'A symbol of narrowmindedness. Minimalism taken to its logical conclusion. Knock knock.'
'Who's there?' Hami.
'Knock knock.'
'Who's there?'
'Knock knock.'
'Who's there already?'
'Philip Glass.'
Chuckles all round.
'I wish there was some way to stick it to Ari about the reason for his niece's suicide.' Jesus sucked his teeth. 'We could try the old anonymous letter trick but I'd hate to have it traced back to us.'
'I could write a fable for my blog,' offered Hami. 'Cowboys and Indians. The girl is keen to exterminate the dirty savages and when she finds out that one is actually her father she throws herself off a cliff. But her secret leaks out. And does this cause her friends and family to renounce their genocidal beliefs? Of course not. In fact her family is driven out of their community to die of Blackwater fever in a rotting cabin on the edge of a swamp. The light touch. Then all we need is for Ari to read it, realise it applies to himself and call off his dogs lest we let slip Batya's secret.'
'Assuming he knows it in the first place' said Mo.
'OK it's "Tenuous almost to nullity" as the great Nero Wolfe, musing on a diphthong, once remarked. Still,' Hami conceded, 'that was the clue that cracked the case. I'll go ahead with the fable anyway. It might be fun.'
'I'll dig around and see what I can find out about the plaintiffs in this case,' Mo volunteered. 'I daresay there are admirers of Baruch Goldstein and Meir Kahane among them. They might even have been paid. Our defence case must be that we are not only non- but actively anti-antisemitic. And that the Constitution allows us to attack the State of Israel on account of free speech. Criticism of Israel is not yet a crime. Now. How're we going to word our crowdfunding appeal?'


 93.

Nadir Omar's 'Baseball Card' was doing the rounds. His stats were satisfyingly grim. Two carbombs in Kabul, several IEDs and an ambush on an army patrol in which three GIs were killed, were all laid at his door. He promoted a harsh, intolerant brand of Islam. A life without female beauty or music or alcohol, dedicated solely to jihad. He was said to be at the heart of Taliban weapons procurement.
Plus, natch, an inexplicable hatred of the US and all it stood for.
The dude deserved to die.
Charlie faced the prospect calmly. Nadir Omar had sent young men to blow themselves up and take as many as possible with them. Putting soldiers in harm's way was sometimes necessary - and there was always the hope of escape - but to deliberately send a brainwashed boy to his certain death was beyond contemptible. The world would be briefly and infinitesmally better for Nadir Omar's extinction. No doubt about it. Word was that he was due to slip over the border for a rare meeting with his wife and five children who were waiting in a hidden location. At one point the dirt road passed across an empty plain. That was where they planned to zap him. Charlie had pencilled in a week's leave over Christmas so he hoped they'd have got the s.o.b. by then. Otherwise he'd have to be on call. They were supposed to visit Marteen's folks in Eureka this year, where they had hired a holiday cottage. Mrs. Bumstead, (yes, really) the old dear across the road, had offered to feed Archie. Charlie needed a break. 'Trying for a baby' was exhausting, with Marteen demanding sex at least once a day as her fertility peaked. The sacred feeling of potentially sparking a new life came and went. Marteen lay back, ass on pillow to 'maximise semen retention' as the book put it.
Charlie went uncomplainingly to work, his head full of pictures. The allure of milkwhite skin, the halo of red hair around her gaping pussy, the tongueing of clit and nipples. Touch, taste, smell blended in his memory.
He was still wary of sudden aural assaults and carried earplugs at all times, but a concert by St. Cecelia's Baroque Compagnie had been bliss. Mo and Jenny duetted on cooing and burbling recorders, the melodies twining about each other like lovers' limbs.
Hugh had gone off to pastures grey and joined a group dedicated to the 'authentic' performance of renaissance music. Cornetts and Shawms are almost impossible to play in tune. Hugh's one-keyed hautboy fitted right in.
After the concert the Culvers ran across Mo in the lobby. Once the effusive and mostly sincere compliments were out of the way, talk turned to Bradley Manning and the sadistic harshness of his solitary confinement.
'A friend of mine was in the prison service,' Charlie reminisced. 'He gave me a guided tour once. What I hadn't expected was the noise. All the surfaces were hard - concrete and glass and steel. Doors clanging, boots marching, shouting and screaming all bounced off the walls and battered at you. That was bad enough but what the prisoners really dreaded was the opposite - being stuck in solitary, driven mad by the quiet. Some guy had killed himself in there the week before by drowning himself in the toilet. Imagine being stuck in a six-by-eight room with no window. A concrete bunk with a one-inch mattress and one thin blanket. No pillow, no books, no TV and the light on all the time. If that's not torture, I don't know what is.'
'Bradley Manning committed the unforgivable crime.' Mo shrugged. 'He sinned against the Holy Ghost. He told the truth.'
Jenny came up and latched onto Mo's arm and the talk turned to Albinoni.
The couples soon went their separate ways with expressions of goodwill and a vague openness to further encounters.
Charlie had enjoyed the music but Marteen's glowing eyes and tenderly receptive expression had moved him even more. The music's quaint clockwork hymned a society in which each had a part in the harmonious whole. A little straying into nearby keys meant that a sweet resolution was always in sight. God's in his heaven - all's right with the world.
Out in the cold the Jeep only just started. Was it battery or alternator, starter motor or plug leads? Or fuel pump? At any rate, time and money. Thank God tomorrow was Sunday. Maybe Pablo's nephew Arturo could check it out. He was good with cars.
Home. Hot chocolate and another fucking fuck.

 94.

Hami's latest blog was headed: The Pest of all Bossable Worlds.

Is Capitalism nothing but a giant Ponzi scheme, he asked, that can survive only by constantly accelerating expansion? Not to mention ignoring those pesky 'externalities' like poisoned land, depleted water and oceans clogged with plastics. Meanwhile we teeter on the brink of climate catastrophe while even those who don't deny it outright gleefully carry on pumping ever-increasing amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere. Fly, drive, heat, cool. Breed. Even tweeting cute pictures of kittens chews up the juice. Not to mention the military. Each of our boys and girls in Iraq and Afghanistan burns on average 16 gallons of oil per day. That adds up to 1.3 billion gallons a year. More emissions than Bangladesh. Think of that. Could Capitalism survive without the free ride from nature - giver of riches, eater of shit?
Then there's the increasing risk of nuclear armageddon based on the fairy-tales of nation, religion and race. And yet throughout history there has always been the lure (or genetic imperative) of the other. Vide Leda and the Swan, Danaë and the Shower of Gold, God and Mary. A frog hitting on a mouse. Kermit and Miss Piggy. Fiddle-de-dee, fiddle-de-dee, the fly has married the bumble-bee. The Owl and the Pussycat went to sea and the Dish ran away with the Spoon. Batya, Pharoah's daughter, found and adopted Moses, the son of Jewish slaves. I feel a fable coming on. I'll call it:

Without My Uncle Rat's Consent.

Once upon a time, in the Land of Lilliput, a schism developed between those who insisted that an egg should be eaten from the big end and those who favoured the small. This meant war.
Now it so happened that a young wife of the Big-enders was still childless after three years. In these cases it was usual to blame the woman and Alice (for that was not her name) meekly bore the community's contempt. One day, hiding in a cave from a Small-ender attack of stones and arrows, she found that she was not alone. There was a young man in the darkness with her. Yes indeed, he assured her, he too was a Big-ender. One thing led to another and once the danger was past they went their separate ways. Six weeks later Alice told her delighted husband that she was, at last, with child. Nine months after that meeting in the cave, she gave birth to a beautiful daughter. Little Melanie grew up staunchly Big-endian, despising Small-enders (or "Smellies" as the Big-enders hilariously dubbed them) and thinking of them as vermin like cockroaches and lice. Time passed. Melanie married and had children of her own. All seemed set fair, when disaster struck. A Small-ender guerilla leader  published a memoir of his life which included an anecdote of how, many years ago, he'd been hiding in a cave from a murderous faction of his own people and had discovered a woman beside him in the dark. They'd made beautiful music together.
Time and place tallied.
Alice nearly plotzed. She'd often relived that romantic encounter with 'Fingal' imagining his strong, lean body in place of her husband's soft flab. It had been her one extramarital adventure and after all these years it still thrilled and appalled her.
Melanie found her mother crying and bit by bit the whole story came out. Her father was a Small-ender! She went home and drank a bottle of bleach. At the funeral, Alice blurted out the truth. And did the Big-enders realise that these heretofore beloved members of their community were blameless? Of course not. With the unimpeachable logic that makes an octoroon a 'nigger' while the same proportion of White in a Black conveys no advantage, their friends and neighbours turned on the family and drove them out into a swamp where they all caught Blackwater Fever and died.
Moral: Bigotry trumps 'nigger' tree.

On a related note, our little satirical trio, The Prophets of Loss, is being sued for apparently promoting antisemitism. Readers of this blog, as well as fans of the POL, will know how ridiculous this charge is. Nonetheless we have set up a fighting fund just in case. Here is a link to find out more.
I'll close with a Jewish joke contributed by my friend, Mr. Moses Weiler: In the dark days of Nazi Germany Abie comes across Hymie reading a copy of Die Stürmer. 'Hymie! Why are you reading that antisemitic drek?'
'Well, Abie, here in the ghetto I'm a poor nebbish, a herring-peddler, henpecked at home one minute, shoved in the gutter by a drunken goy the next  - but in Die Stürmer it turns out that's all a lie - I'm actually  a dangerous member of that fiendish cabal of Jews who secretly rule the world!'

 95.

Jesus and Ezra kept in touch to discuss tactics. They decided to expose Ari's involvement.
 
Is it the case, Jesus wrote on the POL website, that an Israeli citizen is in charge of the funding of this lawsuit? Mortimer, Carfax and Chance have refused to name their clients' financial backers but it has been suggested that Ari Neumann, a Doctor of Computer Science and an Israeli businessman, may be involved. We freely admit that we have no proof of this and will gladly retract any erroneous assertions. Dr. Neumann is an expert in missile-guidance systems and sits on a board of directors with Vince Mortimer, leading counsel in the case against us.
Israel has long been trying to conflate antisemitism with anti-Zionism. In other words, to render any criticism of the State of Israel as by definition a slur on world Jewry. To which we say: Fuck You. If Israel's treatment of Palestinians isn't antisemitism then the word has no meaning. As Yasser Arafat once said: To be an antisemite I'd have to hate myself.
To reiterate, we oppose all forms of racism, sexism, xenophobia and religious intolerance as any review of our work will show.

Etc. etc.
Later that day an email pinged into the POL inbox. Noted without prejudice. It came from an unnamed journalist whose research into the funding of far-right parties in Austria had turned up a Dr. A. Neumann on a list of donors. If this was indeed our friend Ari, why was an Israeli funding a party of white supremacists? The cheque, for five thousand Euros, was drawn on a bank in the British Virgin Islands.
Jesus met Al in a vacant lot. Phibbs and Trickett was the name of the bank and by one of those coincidences too clunky for fiction, Al had just recently been stress-testing their security system. It had proved laughably porous. As it happened he'd downloaded and surreptitiously copied their customer database (as per unstated company policy) and Dr. A. Neumann's identity could be easily established. A text of: 'Our tailors give you a perfect fit' meant yes while 'Nothing works better than Anadin' meant no.
They headed to the Chili Shack for lunch.



 96.

Ari, scanning Hami's blog for ammunition, was stung when the name Batya leapt out at him. Oh. Pharoah's daughter. There was no obvious link to his niece. Just a name shared with an Egyptian...
Hami's little fable, though, deepened his sense of disquiet. Mention of Melanie's suicide tore open the wounds which Batya's death had inflicted. Simmy had seemed distinctly shifty last time they'd met. Hami's image of the young wife's filthy coupling with a sworn enemy ate into his mind. He remembered overheard snippets of adult conversation as a child. '...Golda and Wolfie... two years already they've been trying... a tragedy... look how she adores that Schnautzer of hers... top specialists...'
Of course the idea of Golda in an actual cave was laughable. It was a family joke that when Batya had gone off to university, Golda had extracted a solemn promise from her chubby daughter that while she was free to join any clubs she chose, she would never go potholing. This was a ludicrous proscription. Batya got claustrophobic in the back of a car. The mere thought of worming her way through an underground tunnel could bring on a panic attack. Those tons of rock above her needing only the slightest tremor to shift and crush her like a bug...
OK. Not a real cave. But the hint was pretty clear. Ari had once been knocked off his feet by a sack of wet sheep shit swung by a rival. It was a fight over a girl at the kibbutz where he was staying. Something of the same shock, humiliation and fury now hit him. The 'cave' must refer to the Nussbaum Clinic. Top specialists indeed! Was Hami's fable aimed at him? Proving it would be impossible. Was Batya really half-Arab or was this just a baseless slur? And what about the effect on his godchildren? On his last visit little Judah had been playing a video game based on the shooting of terrorists in Arab headdresses to reclaim a mythical kingdom. The boy was short and dark but so was Simmy, who was famously ugly. When Simmy was raving about a holiday in Japan a friend had snarked behind his back that of course Simmy had loved Japan. For the first time in his life he was tall, dark and handsome.
Simmy was certainly hiding something about Batya's death. Ari felt sick but that might just have been too much coffee and cheesecake. There was also an upcoming meeting to justify the increasing funding for his hired assassins. The banks, rescued by the government after 2008, were churlishly hugging the money to their breasts and refusing to lend. At least the hated Obama had kept the defence budget on an upward curve. Ari would have to play up Nadir Omar's importance for the upcoming strike.
An ulcer absent-mindedly stuck a red-hot needle in a nerve. Ari winced and reached for his Zantac.


 97.

Charlie took another leisurely pass over the rocky track along which Nadir Omar was predicted to travel. There was a half-mile stretch over a bald hill which would be ideal. The road emerged from a cluster of houses on one side then went up and over before descending into a pomegranate orchard on the other. In three hours he'd seen no traffic apart from a tractor with a trailer full of firewood on which two kids were perched, a motorbike with father, mother and three kids balanced on it and an old man on a donkey. With luck there'd be no collateral damage. For once they could talk of a surgical strike with a straight face.
The rumour-mill was buzzing. Nadir Omar was on the move. He seemed to be making for Peshawar. As well as his phone-signal there was humint from one of his entourage. Apparently he planned to cross the border by bus and then travel on alone from the nearest bus-stop to the remote farmhouse where his family was holed up. December the twenty-first was D-day, aka Operation Cloverleaf. That was three days away. Charlie's shift shifted, displaying the flexibility of the non-unionised private sector. The only bus was scheduled to reach the village, inshallah, at 14:10. Charlie would track Nadir Omar's phone from Kabul to the site of his execution. If all went to plan, he, Charlie, would be home by ten. All that sex made sleeping during the day less problematic and since his neutering Archie had grown soft and torpid and huge. Given three meals a day he was happy to doze on a sunny windowsill for hours at a time although a succession of dismembered birds and small animals on the doormat showed that his hunting skills persisted. Charlie had a video of Archie dancing around with a halfdead mouse, tossing it in the air, letting it go only to nail it with a lightning splat of his paw, snapping its spine with one bite and so on. Charlie had the sense not to show the video to Marteen and had been torn between rescuing the already-doomed mouse and observing animal behaviour. The head of the mouse had been left as a 'present' in the morning. Ben had told them of a parasite which eliminated fear of cats in mice and so used them to infect cats, the only species in which they could breed. Most humans were infected too: perhaps that was why we seemed so set on self-destruction.
Thought Charlie.

 98.

'Our tailors give you a perfect fit,' read the text on Jesus's phone. So Ari was supporting antisemitic Islamophobic White supremacist fascists. Antisemitism wasn't the problem. Perhaps the rationale was that if Jews were forced to flee their home countries they would flock to sunny Israel. No, it was not antisemites but pro-Palestinians the Zionists really hated.
Jesus wondered if Ari had picked up the subtext of Hami's fable. Mo's mom had her ear to the ground. It was too soon for anonymous threats but Ezra should at least know about Ari's fascist friends. An encrypted text, noted without prejudice, leapt the continent.

 99.

Ari's board meeting had gone fairly smoothly. Big dividends were just around the corner... startup costs... economies of scale... increased productivity... merely temporary cashflow problems...
The privatised pilot scheme looked safe for the moment but competitors were always lurking in the shadows. The unfeasibly low cost-projections which had landed them the contract were haemorrhaging money but if they could hang in there till their software became de rigeur they could really tighten the screw.
Two days to go. Operation Cloverleaf had to be flawless. As for the suit against the POL, Jesus's mild speculations had alarmed Ari, who was keen to avoid any inquiry into his affairs. Vince had torn him off a strip for letting their enemies find out that an Israeli was in charge of fundraising for the prosecution. Although not illegal, it didn't look good. This was supposed to be an American crime against American citizens. Vince had enjoyed his petty revenge for a thousand slights. Ari had gracelessly apologised and promised to withdraw into the background. A suitable figurehead had already been found.
Vince was appeased. If Ari's business was struggling, it showed promise. And at least the rest of his armaments portfolio was booming.
Ari Skyped Simmy but couldn't bring himself to ask the fatal question. The kids were undeniably dark but he could see no trace of the sullen servility he associated with the untermenschen. Just bewilderment and pain. The sentimentality that lay just under his callousness threatened to overwhelm him. He cut the call short before he choked up. Batya, beset by kids, had once joked that she could see the appeal of being in a harem with nothing to do but lie back on silk cushions eating Turkish Delight and being fanned by eunuchs. Ari could all too easily visualise it. God damn Benny Goldblum, that filthy infiltrator! Did Hami really know something or was the juxtaposition of Batya's name and his sordid fable mere coincidence? And if the warped Iranian was right how had he come by his information? Was there a leak from the Nussbaum Clinic?
What was undeniably true was that the slightest hint of a Palestinian grandfather would blight her children's lives. It wouldn't be so bad if they were in Tel Aviv but in their little gated community it would mean social death. He could imagine the backbiting down at the tennis club whose membership just happened to consist exclusively of White Ashkenazim. The surrounding houses weren't cheap.
The threat was not overt but Ari knew blackmail when he saw it. Even if he withdrew the prosecution he wouldn't put it past the POL to give him a frask in the chops just because they could. He would, in their shoes.
Furthermore, if Batya's details were known, did that mean the full list of Benny's abominations was out there somewhere? They'd need damage-limitation plans just in case.

 100.

One o'clock in the morning of Saturday the 21st. of December 2013 found Charlie and the team locked in their container and ready to go. Agnes had covered every available surface with tinsel and baubles. There was even a miniature Christmas tree in one corner. Charlie settled in his seat. By 08:30 in Kabul Nadir Omar was on the move, his doctored phone betraying his whereabouts every few seconds. By 09:17, their source confirmed, he was on a bus heading south. Charlie followed the red dot crawling across the map. Hours passed. Charlie circled lazily, keeping out of sight. When the bus stopped for twenty minutes, Nadir Omar got out and went into a shop for nine minutes before reboarding. Unless it was a decoy, carrying the target's phone. Nah. Unlikely.
Another hour. More coffee. He'd already eaten a chicken and mushroom pie and Bobo had dished out doughnuts for all.
At 15:03, local time, the bus pulled up in the square of a moderately large town and a bunch of people got off. Most of the passengers were met but Nadir Omar politely joined the little queue at the taxi-rank and waited his turn. He got into a taxi and set off. They headed for the outskirts of town and found the little road which the CIA had predicted he'd take. So far, the intelligence had proved 100% accurate.
'Who's the taxi-driver?' Charlie asked his line-manager who was sitting in a similar box in Afghanistan.
'Dunno. No-one special as far as I know.'
'I just assumed he'd be picked up by one his own men.'
'Maybe he doesn't trust his own men,' Charlie's boss snickered. 'And he's right not to.'
'So, to be absolutely clear, sir, you're ordering me to kill both Nadir Omar and the driver of the taxi?'
'Nadir Omar is the target. You will do whatever is necessary to eliminate him. Don't fret yourself none, son. President Obama's signed off on it. That's all you need to know.'
'Okey doke. Just checking.'
On hitting the dirt track, the taxi, far from slowing down, actually speeded up. Amid mild consternation, Charlie smiled. 'Intelligence' didn't know everything. He'd bet it was a washboard road where the trick was to go fast enough to bounce from ridge to ridge, avoiding the bone-jarring juddering which otherwise ensued. He remembered, as a kid, standing in the back of Uncle Hank's pickup, holding the bar on the roof, as the corrugated road flew by beneath them, the vestigial adhesion adding to the thrill. Madness. What had Hank been thinking?
Charlie was prey to an unexpected scruple. Collateral damage was one thing: wrong place, wrong time, tough luck. But here he was being asked to deliberately kill an innocent man in the process of killing someone else.
Ari, Vince and a few business associates had gathered in Jim Carpenter's office to watch a (dubiously legal) live-streaming of the strike. Ari had brought champagne and oysters for a celebration brunch. He looked forward to seeing Vince struggle to shuck the still-living shellfish. He himself had picked up the knack while working in a restaurant to pay his way through college.
Jim outlined the who and the how of the strike. The why went without saying. The footage would be silent apart from some terse instructions to the team.
Charlie tracked the taxi, being careful to keep the drone's shadow, crisp in the winter sun, out of sight of the vehicle's inhabitants. The blocky white car (VW Golf?) disappeared from time to time behind buildings or clumps of trees but the pulsing red dot never faltered. ETA at the wasteland was now 15:37. By 15:45 Nadir Omar and A.N. Other would be transformed to gobbets of meat mixed with bits of metal and plastic and glass. Pity about that taxi-driver. Charlie knew that it was sophistry to distinguish between accidental civilian casualties and deliberate murder. It was the difference between shooting with your eyes open or shut. For all he knew the driver was a Taliban sympathiser, but he could equally be one of their harshest critics. Or just some guy trying to make a living. It was war. There were casualties. If you had to depersonalise people to get the job done then so be it. Find, follow, fix was the mantra.
The car wound its way through a scrawny forest of pines. Charlie zoomed out for a broader look. He'd heard of plans to seed vast areas from the sky with thousands of miniature cameras which would provide a level of surveillance God would envy, but just now the drone was king. The ambush site was deserted, a bleak winter landscape of rock, bare earth and thorny scrub. Back to the soda-straw.
The atmosphere was tense as the car broke cover. Nadir Omar's phone kept up its unswerving treachery.
Charlie thought of Marteen, trustingly offering her womb to a new life. It was up to him to provide the shelter in which it would grow. Although Marteen had more hours at the library as one of her co-workers had been let go, this advanced her to the head of the last-in-first-out queue. At least hired assassin paid relatively well. If not for the bank's choke-chain around his neck everything would be hunky-dory. He glanced around their cubicle which Agnes had festooned with tinsel and fake snow. A paper globe spun lazily in the draught from the aircon. Although it was winter all those computers gave off a lot of heat, not to mention the thermal output of four large mammals.
'Just obeying orders' hadn't saved Eichmann's skin although disobeying them could have got him shot. Or at least thrown in jail. Exposing the cruelty of the 'War on Terror' had landed Bradley (call me Chelsea) Manning in his (or her) cell. Pleading insanity might help, though Charlie had never felt more coolly rational.
'Locked on target.' Charlie could hear Bobo's wolfish grin.
'Blast area clear. Target in sight.' Charlie's finger rested on the red button.
'Fire.'
Charlie's reply took even him by surprise.
'No.'
There was a stunned pause then Bobo lunged for the trigger as Charlie ripped out a fistful of cables. Bobo was too late - the screen had gone black.
In Jim's office Ari was apoplectic with rage while Vince hadn't been able to hide his smirk.
Charlie stood quietly by the door and waited for the MPs to take him away although as a civilian on a military base his position was anomalous.
By the time Bobo, sweating and swearing, had got things up and running again their chance had gone. Furthermore the target's phone was dead. Flat battery or, warned by the drone's proximity, smashed on the rocks?
The only thing that had gone up in smoke was their Christmas bonus. Bobo wanted to beat the living crap out of Charlie but was too busy getting the drone under control.
Agnes and Cecil retreated to their workstations while keeping a wary eye on Charlie in case his mania erupted into violence. There was no danger of that. He'd never felt so at peace. He viewed the prospect of prison and the loss of Marteen with resignation but all the same realised that the uneasy private/public nature of their company was not something the directors were keen to expose.
As he was daydreaming of driving the POL's tour bus around the country, the door opened and armed MPs took him away.
Ari convened an EGM of the board to consider this new crisis. As Charlie had shrewdly foreseen no-one wanted publicity. Not the CIA men who owned shares in the company and who conveyed the President's orders to subcontracted killers; and not the businessmen whose employee had fucked up. Repeated failure didn't seem to hurt the big boys but it wouldn't take much to swamp their little overloaded barge.
Charlie was offered the figleaf of a catastrophic mental breakdown on condition that he didn't speak to the media. Until an internal investigation reported in the new year, he was suspended on full pay.
Ari's lot got a second bite at the cherry when Nadir Omar's phone came back to life. He gave them a present by travelling back along the same route on Christmas day. This time there was no mistake. Along with the Taliban leader another taxi-driver was blown to pieces. The media played it down.
Marteen was thrilled and appalled at what Charlie had done. There was still the distinct possibility that he could spend years in jail. Funnily enough this made her yearning for a baby more urgent than ever. Although injuncted from talking to the press Charlie made no secret among friends of having refused to push the button. Most applauded his decision and one or two old flying buddies even braved the near-universal contempt of their colleagues and metaphorically clapped him on the shoulder. Rumours circulated briefly but nothing made the leap to trending on social media.
Dr. Pepper rang up to see if she was needed but Charlie assured her he'd never felt better and wouldn't be going back. Was temporary sanity an excuse? Seriously, though, if he had to be certified mad he'd be happy to play along. He knew that drawing the line at killing one particular individual while accepting the sacrifice of anonymous bystanders was a quibble but it was not a discussion his bosses were keen to have. It was like the hypocrisy of politicians ignoring the drowning of thousands of refugees in the Mediterranean until one dead child washed up on a beach. But there came a time to say no. Murder was murder.
Ari, scared to risk the possible besmirching of Batya's reputation, withdrew from the POL suit. Without his piss and vinegar the whole thing fizzled out.
The War on Terror ground on.
