From Cygnet to Swan
Mera Delwiche

This book is a work of fiction. Any reference to events or people, living or dead, is merely coincidental and not intended by the author.
Copyright © 2015 by Mera Delwiche
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. 
ISBN-13: 978-1-310-04132-7
ISBN-10: 1-310-04132-6

Chapter 1
“My Prince! Come quickly. Get up. King Kawa is dying! My Prince, hurry!”
“What?” asked the princeling. He rubbed his eyes sleepily. “My father?”
“Yes, yes,” replied the man. “Hurry, my Prince. Your father must name his heir!”
The young prince rolled out of bed. Three servants ran to his side carrying his red silk tunic and matching velvet slippers. They dressed him hastily and soon he and the man were whisked off to the dying king’s side.
They stopped at the door of the Dying Room. The servants disappeared as quickly as they had come and the princeling and the man were alone in the hall.
“Is he really dying, Fa-Ying?” asked the young prince with a look that begged for Fa-Ying to say it was not so; that the king would recover and everything would remain unchanged.
“Yes, my son,” replied Fa-Ying.
“He will choose one of my half brothers to be king because they are the eldest,” said the prince with a shrug.
“Perhaps,” Fa-Ying replied simply. “Or he may name you, Sheiji-Yueng.”
“No!” declared the prince. “I don’t want to be king. I’m only fourteen! How could I ever rule as well as my father?”
Fa-Ying gave Sheiji a commiserative glance. They stopped beside a thick, oak door carved with strange symbols meant to ward off the spirits. The door squeaked as Fa-Ying pushed it open with his shoulder and guided Sheiji in. Four small candles supplied the only light in the windowless room and Sheiji could scarcely make out the thin figure lying on the hard, flat pallet, called the Death Bed. Anyone near death slept on that pallet. On the first day of each year the priests of Eiron, god of protection, blessed the pallet. The blessing, and thus the pallet, was supposed to ward off evil spirits who would come and occupy a weak and dying body. Sheiji knew that anyone who died with an evil spirit in his body was sent to wander the earth forever, haunting those who had failed to provide a sacred Death Bed in his time of need.
Sheiji’s mother, Yukoshi, the king’s first and most beloved wife, had died on this same pallet just one week after Sheiji’s birth. Two of his sisters, his only brother and countless other relatives had also died here. There was over a hundred years of death in this room.
Sheiji was all but invisible as he crept to the back of the crowd. As the youngest son of the king, he’d had a kind of freedom that his older brothers had never enjoyed. The chance that the youngest prince would become king was virtually nonexistent, so Sheiji had not been burdened with the responsibility of learning tedious lessons in how to rule a kingdom. Instead, he’d had a long and carefree childhood full of hide-and-seek with the servant children, swimming with the villagers, and playing other typical, boyish games.
As more people trickled into the room, Sheiji found himself hemmed in on all sides by brothers, uncles, cousins, nephews; all the king’s nearest male relatives. Sheiji hated the crowds. He hated the feeling of suffocation as the noise and smells and body heat of over fifty people all gathered together to hear the king declare his last wishes. He hated the feeling of nervous anticipation that buzzed through the room as audibly as the fifty voices speaking in hushed voices. Sheiji wanted to push his way back through the crowd to the door and escape to the solitude of his chambers. He would stay there until all this was over. What did it matter if he saw the naming of the king’s successor? It wouldn’t affect him.
Fa-Ying appeared at Sheiji’s side and prodded him forward, “Go right to the front, Sheiji. Push if you have to, but get as close to your father as you can.”
Sheiji squirmed and shoved his way to the front of the crowd. He was now standing between his half brothers Sui-Tsai and Tamé. His father was stripped of his splendor. Gone were his royal robes, the jewels on his fingers, the silk slippers on his feet, the crown on his graying hair. Gone was the kingly bearing that Sheiji loved. Now dressed only in his loincloth, he looked like any one of the thin, ghost-like beggars at the palace gates. His ribs were visible under his copper-brown skin, evidence that he had been unable to eat during the weeks of his illness. 
The king lay motionless before the mass of men. He was neither asleep nor awake, neither dead nor alive, but somewhere in between. His mind was far away, but his body clung to life. How long he could hold on no one knew, but when Sheiji looked at him, he felt it would not be long.
Men talked in hushed tones to one another and the sibilant sound of whispered Tekelonnese, the language spoken in Imatsuro, made the room seem alive with serpents. But Sheiji remained silent, watching the form of his respected, almost godlike father twisted with the pain that had brought this strong and noble man down to his grave. It was this illness that had brought to an end the life of Kawa, the true and brave king. This sickness had finished his reign in an agonizingly slow manner.
Fa-Ying was at the king’s side, kneeling beside his master. He had been the king’s most trusted advisor and even a friend at times. He now must guard and guide the king’s successor.
“Kawa, my king. I hope that I have served you well. If only I could go on serving you, Kawa, my friend. But now you must name your heir and I promise you I shall serve him as faithfully as I have served you.” Fa-Ying took the king’s hand in his and removed the ring that marked his position as king. 
The king lifted his head and grasped Fa-Ying’s hand for support. Fa-Ying took the king in his arms and lifted him until he half sat, half lay against Fa-Ying’s chest. 
Sheiji saw his father wince in pain. The king began to speak in a dry, cracked voice. The whispers immediately subsided. “Sh—,” he began and put his hand to his stomach. He moaned and seemed to struggle for breath. The crowd leaned forward. The brothers, Sui-Tsai and Tamé, both knelt before the king to receive the ring they were sure one of them would receive. They had undergone years of training in expectation for this day.
“Sh—,” he began again and his voice cracked. “Sheiji…Yueng.” 
For a moment, Sheiji scanned the room, waiting to see who would come forward to receive the new title. His brothers jumped up, hurt and angry that their youngest brother should take precedence over them. They whirled around to find him. 
Fa-Ying’s free hand jumped to his side where he kept a dagger hidden and ready to protect his king. The princes saw the movement and glared at Fa-Ying. They stepped back and the crowd hid them from the warning frown of the heir’s protector.
At last, Sheiji realized that his father had spoken his name. He was to be king. He came forward hesitantly and knelt before his father. The king raised his hand and set it lightly on the young boy’s head. He let it slide down the smooth black hair, down the nut-brown cheek to the small rounded chin. He gazed at the boy’s small nose, the solemn red lips, usually so happy and smiling, and the almond-shaped, black eyes that were so different from the narrow eyes of the people of Imatsuro, Kawa’s country. It was the face of Kawa’s dear wife, down to the very tilt of his head and the sparkle of life in his eyes.
The king let his hand fall to his side. With his other hand he pushed the ring onto the prince’s thumb. It was much too large, but Sheiji felt his blood surge with the strength and bravery of his father. There seemed to be something almost magical in that ring, something that made Sheiji feel older than his fourteen years. The ring, and with it his father’s blessing, gave him the courage to face the immense task of ruling a kingdom as large as Imatsuro.
With his strength gone, the king lay back on his mat. His breathing had become slow and difficult, yet the king felt calm and at peace. He knew that now the Kingdom was in good hands. Though Sheiji was an untried, untrained boy, the king had faith that his son had what it took to be a just ruler. 
His eyes fell upon his dear son’s face once more. He saw an innocent youth, easily shaped at this tender age for good or evil, but more than that, he saw a boy after his own heart: kind, gentle, but firm when the need arose. King Kawa knew that his advisor would teach this boy well. Fa-Ying would help Sheiji overcome his weakness and build on his strength. 
“My son…will…rule well,” he murmured. His eyes scanned the room in an instant, then rested once again on Sheiji. He smiled weakly. With a soft sigh, he breathed his last.

Chapter 2
“My father!” Sheiji cried and flung himself over the dead king. “My father! My father!” 
“Come now, young Vua,” Fa-Ying said soothingly, using the title of vua; king. “We must let his spirit go in peace.”
Sheiji would not move. He clung to his father, arms around the thin, lifeless body. The tears rained down the prince’s face and splashed onto the king’s bare chest. Yet no more than one small sob escaped his throat.
The death rituals began around him. The men pounded their chests and their thighs with their hands, stomped their feet, and wailed. They must carry the king’s spirit safely to Doi Doi Mãi Mãi, “The Eternal Forever.” Their clapping and stomping would scare away the spirits who would try one last time to snatch the dead man’s soul.
Now Kawa’s wives began to wail and pull their hair. Other women of the palace slipped into the room and they also took up the stomping and wailing.
Sheiji trembled in fear from the noise. This was the first death ceremony he had been allowed to attend. His tears had stopped and he clung to his father, his whole body quaking in fear and sorrow.
“Come, Sheiji,” Fa-Ying whispered gently in his ear. Sheiji allowed himself be dragged away from his father’s body at last. He stood shakily by Fa-Ying’s side in the far corner of the room.
Candles were being lit and placed in a ring around the king. The light would guide his soul to Doi Doi Mãi Mãi. Evil spirits were afraid of light, preferring the darkness where they could not be seen by the gods who would help the poor soul that the spirits were trying to ensnare.
The light from the candles threw ghostly shadows on the wall as Sheiji watched, making the dancing, screaming figures seem supernatural; like sinister monsters.
Fa-Ying put his arm around Sheiji’s shoulders and drew him close. It was a crime punishable by imprisonment or even death, to touch a king or queen, but Fa-Ying remembered a time when he had needed the comforting touch of a friend and had not received it. And so he comforted the sad and frightened boy.
“Let’s go,” said Fa-Ying gently. “You’ve seen enough.” He guided Sheiji by the shoulder. They pushed through the crowd toward the door.
Sheiji felt a hand squeeze his arm and gasped in pain. He turned his head and saw his brother Sui-Tsai glaring at him with narrowed eyes and holding his arm in a grip of iron. His expression was hideous and inhuman. “You…will never…be…king!” Sui-Tsai threatened between clenched teeth. “I will personally see to that.”
Sheiji saw a small glimmer of metal and knew Fa-Ying had heard the prince’s words and had drawn his dagger. Sui-Tsai quickly released Sheiji and disappeared inside the Death Room.
“Pay him no mind, Sheiji,” Fa-Ying said.
Then they were in the hall. The door closed and the dancing and noises were locked inside the room. A sob escaped Sheiji’s throat as he thought of his father, of the ceremony and of his brother’s threat.
“It has been a long night, my king,” Fa-Ying said.
Soon Sheiji was back in his room. He undressed and climbed into bed. An armed servant sat nearby, under Fa-Ying’s orders to draw his dagger on anyone who tried to enter the room, but still Sheiji could not sleep. The whole scene of that night’s activities played before his eyes: the picture of his majestic father, lying helpless and weak on the Death Bed, the sound of the stomping and wailing and beating of chests, and Sui-Tsai’s threat.
He lay awake thinking until dawn when Fa-Ying returned to fetch him.

Chapter 3
Early in the morning two days after Kawa’s death, heralds were dispatched from the palace. They traveled through every city and town in Imatsuro with the news of the king’s death and issued this proclamation.

To the subjects of the Kingdom of Imatsuro: 
In honor of our late king, Kawa-Matsu, and in memory of his prosperous rule, I issue the following decree: For seven days the Kingdom of Imatsuro will mourn. There shall be no celebrations during those seven days. It shall be a time of remembrance for our king. 
At the end of the seven days of mourning shall be the coronation of our new king, Sheiji-Yueng, chosen by the late King Kawa as his heir and successor. 

May you prosper in your homes and cities.

Advisor to the King
Fa-Ying

In the week following the king’s death, the whole kingdom went into mourning. King Kawa had been a kind and just king. He was generous and peace loving. His subjects were heartbroken at his death.
Many people shaved their heads as a symbol of their grief, and many others laid aside their colorful clothing and dressed in black or gray. Even the sky seemed to put on a dress of mourning and cried big drops of rain, though it was the dry season.
The day of Sheiji’s coronation drew near. Seamstresses busied themselves making new clothes for the fourteen-year-old king. The palace cooks planned and prepared a feast for the special day. Sheiji began the fasting and meditation that would purify him for his coronation.
At last, after much preparation, the day arrived. That morning, Sheiji woke early with a large knot in his stomach. He felt so nervous that he did not even notice the pinch of hunger.
He clapped twice and several servants came running from the next room, carrying his coronation regalia. The floor-length tunic was a rich, purple silk with silver dragons embroidered over its surface. The hem was embroidered in gold thread and the neckline was a pattern of jasmine blossoms. The shoes were of the same purple silk with gold tassels to match the hem and embroidery.
After much primping and altering, the royal dressers declared that Sheiji looked resplendent. A knock sounded at the door and Sheiji opened it himself. 
“Good morning, Sheiji.”
“Good morning, Fa-Ying,” replied Sheiji.
“You’re ready early,” commented Fa-Ying.
“I couldn’t sleep, Fa-Ying. I’m too nervous,” Sheiji explained. 
“Do not worry,” replied Fa-Ying with a gentle smile.
Sheiji sighed. 
“If you’re ready we’ll go. Already there is a crowd outside the balcony.” Fa-Ying chuckled, “Not many people get to see a coronation in their lifetime.”
Sheiji nodded and swallowed hard. “How many people will be watching me?” he asked weakly.
“You’ll do fine,” said Fa-Ying. 
They walked down the hall in a dignified manner. Two armed guards followed close behind them, with several servants bringing up the rear. The silk slippers and straw sandals of the servants and guards made a soft whoosh whoosh on the floor as they walked. Otherwise, the corridor was silent.
They stopped at a thick wooden door. “It’s time, my king,” said Fa-Ying as he pushed open the door. Fa-Ying, as protector and advisor to the young king, stepped out onto the balcony that overlooked the city of Taiyunyi. The crowd threw up a cheer.
Fa-Ying raised his arms for silence. “Good people of Imatsuro!” he began when the noise had subsided. “Good people of Imatsuro, today we are celebrating the coronation of our new king, Sheiji-Yueng!”
The crowd cheered and waited for the new king to appear. They waited and waited, and slowly the cheering began to subside.
“King Sheiji-Yueng!” Fa-Ying said again. Sheiji did not appear. “Poor boy,” Fa-Ying said under his breath as he turned toward the door where Sheiji was supposed to make his entrance.
“Sheiji?” he said coming back into the palace. “What are you doing? Your subjects are waiting for you!”
“I don’t want to,” sobbed Sheiji. “I don’t want to.”
“Why, Sheiji?”
“There are too many people out there.” Sheiji sobbed. “I’m afraid.”
“What are you afraid of, Sheiji?” asked Fa-Ying.
“I’m afraid of all the people. What if they don’t like me? What if they think I’m too young? What if I say something and they laugh at me?”
“They wouldn’t dare to laugh at the king,” Fa-Ying said with a wink. “There really is nothing to be afraid of. And I’m sure they’ll love you.”
“What’s going on, Ying?” asked a mocking voice.
Fa-Ying turned to see Sheiji’s half brother Sui-Tsai watching them with narrowed eyes and his mouth curled into a sneer.
“This boy-king is afraid, I see,” he laughed. “Afraid of a few thousand judgmental, hateful people who will laugh at your every word and your boyish features.”
Sheiji looked at his brother with a worried expression.
“Do you have business here?” asked Fa-Ying in a low, dangerous voice.
“Is it a crime to want to give my little brother a few tips on how to win a crowd’s approval?” asked Sui-Tsai innocently.
“The people are waiting to see you, Sheiji. Are you ready?” asked Fa-Ying, ignoring Sui-Tsai.
Sheiji nodded bravely and followed Fa-Ying out the door.
“Sheiji-Yueng!” announced Fa-Ying for the final time.
Sheiji forced a smile and inclined his head to the slightest degree, acknowledging his people as his father had done.
The crowd erupted in a volley of cheers and shouts.
“Sheiji-Yueng, kneel and receive your crown,” said Fa-Ying in a loud voice. Sheiji knelt and bowed his head. Fa-Ying placed the royal crown on his head. It was pure gold, studded with rare jewels. In silver lettering were the words: May all who wear this crown, be worthy of its power.
“Now you are Sheiji-Yueng, king of all Imatsuro,” announced Fa-Ying. 
The crowd cheered again and Sheiji rose to his feet. “Thank you. I will try hard to be a good king. I will try to be like my father.”
Fa-Ying smiled contentedly. The kingdom would be in good hands.
“Good people,” called out Sui-Tsai and the people turned their heads to him. Several people cheered. “As my brother, the king, is still young and has not been trained in the ways of ruling a country as I have, I shall govern as Prince Regent for him until he possesses the knowledge to rule the nation for himself. It is the custom of this country, as you well know, for an older relative to reign in place of a king who is too young. I proudly take the weight of this job on my shoulders to fulfill my duty to my king and my country.” Sui-Tsai bowed.
Again several people cheered, but most looked up at Sui-Tsai with angry faces.

Chapter 4
“Just the thing he would do,” murmured Fa-Ying to himself. “Making himself king in Sheiji’s place.”
They were still standing on the balcony; Prince Sui-Tsai had removed the crown from Sheiji’s head and had placed it on his own. Now he brushed Sheiji aside rudely and strode away, his own retinue of guards and servants following. He gave Sheiji a cold stare as he passed.
“We’ll go too,” said Fa-Ying, leading the way. The crowd began to disperse, some happy, some sad, and some angry with the events that had taken place. 
As soon as they were safely in his room, Sheiji burst out, “Why did you let him, Fa-Ying? Why did you let him take my crown?”
“He was right, my king,” Fa-Ying frowned. “You cannot rule until you have been properly trained.”
“Then we must start my training at once!” exclaimed the new king. “Will you teach me?”
“Not now. No, not yet.”
“Why not?”
Fa-Ying was silent for so long that Sheiji thought he would not answer. Finally though, he said, “There is no time.”
“What do you mean?”
“We won’t speak of that now.”

Several days later, the boy-king sat on the royal bed in the room that had always belonged to the King of Imatsuro. He was thinking hard. He jumped up suddenly and ran out of his room. He hurried down the corridors, past rows and rows of rooms unknown and thus far forbidden to him. He smiled as he ran, proud of the clever revelation that had just come to him.
He arrived at the door of the great scriptorium and library. At this time, the library was deserted. He entered in and glanced around. It had been a long time since he was here. Rows upon rows of books lined shelves that ran from floor to ceiling all the way around the room. In the center of the room was a low, wooden table with elaborate silk cushions as seats.
Sheiji walked to a shelf and picked out a large volume. “History of the Kings of Imatsuro, from Mio-Lo to Khan-Wang,” he read. “Why did I not think of this before? I know how to read. If Fa-Ying won’t teach me, I’ll teach myself all I need to know about being king. Then my brother won’t have to be king for me.” 
Sheiji pulled out the heavy book and staggered with it to the table. He set it down with a clunk, panting for breath. “Now, I’ll sit down and start to read it.”
Sheiji opened the volume to the first page and stared down at the complicated script that seemed to swim across the page in no particular pattern. “Mio-Lo was…the fir…first…king of the…Kha…Khamalo…dyn…na…sty…dynasty. This is too hard,” he sighed. “I wish I had paid more attention to my lessons!”
“He…be…became king…in 342,” he began again. “Oh, I give up!” He slammed the book shut and lugged it to the shelf.
“Maybe an easier book,” he said to himself. “How about, Arar’mima Kawa-Matsu sezo. A book about my father?”
Sheiji removed the book and brought it to the table. “Toizu…sezo,…dezo…durorczay…
durazi…vàoza…anhziy…hurorngzoy…denziy…khizu…toizu…chetzey.” Sheiji laughed. “What crazy language is this?”
“Put that book away,” came a voice. “Where did you find that?” 
“Tamé?” said Sheiji with surprise.
“Yes. It is I. Put that away now!” Tamé commanded.
“But—,” began Sheiji. But before he could finish, Tamé jumped on him, knocking him to the ground. Down on the floor they rolled. Tamé grasped Sheiji around the neck. Sheiji tried to escape the death grip.
Tamé held on. Sheiji couldn’t breathe. He struggled, tried to get a breath. He grew dizzy. His head hurt. 
Suddenly there was a shout and Tamé released Sheiji from his grip. Sheiji gulped the air and felt he could not get enough.
“How dare you!” came a voice. “You attempt to murder the king? Do you know the penalty for raising a hand against the king?”
Sheiji’s mind was foggy but he could see two men shouting at each other.
“How dare you speak like that to me,” came Tamé’s voice. “You, the son of one of my father’s mistresses! You are less than a slave and you dare talk to me like that. I ought to have you beaten. You dirty the palace with your presence.”
“And you?” came the other man’s reply. “Are you any greater than I? I have heard you are not really King Kawa’s son at all. They say your father is naught but a poor peasant from Tafay.”
“That is not true!” shouted Tamé, greatly angered at the offence to his mother and himself. “My mother has never been unfaithful to her husband. I am the king’s son.”
“Then why are you named after that city? Perhaps we ought to have a fight. The truth always wins, they say.”
“I’m busy,” argued Tamé. “I haven’t time for childish fights.”
“You’re afraid,” the other man taunted. “You think you will be beaten by an illegitimate son of King Kawa. Perhaps it is so.”
“I won’t fight you. You are much too unworthy to have the privilege of fighting with a prince. Besides, I really do not want to have to kill you.”
“Oh, what a pity. I would really take joy in killing you Prince Tamé, enemy of the king,” the man sneered.
“You speak treason!” Tamé screamed. Then he turned quickly to Sheiji and said, “Listen, you are never to come in here again. Do you understand?” 
Sheiji nodded. 
“You are forbidden to come here, to touch these or any books in the palace. If you do, I’ll make you regret it very much.”
Sheiji shivered at his brother’s words. He knew it was not far from the truth.
“If I were you, I would leave now,” said the man, “before my patience runs out and I kill you, prince or no prince.”
Tamé hurried away, muttering something about revenge.
“My king,” the man cried then, and hurried to Sheiji’s side. He knelt before him and bowed. “Are you all right? Can you hear me, Vua?”
“I can hear you,” Sheiji said faintly. “I feel dizzy.”
The man looked around nervously. “Can you walk, Vua?” he asked hesitantly. 
“I don’t know,” Sheiji mumbled. He tried to stand, but his limbs would not respond. “I can’t,” he said.
The man looked around nervously again. “What should I do?” he said half to himself. “Should I get someone, Vua?”
Sheiji nodded, “Get Fa-Ying.”
“I can’t leave you here, Tamé might return and finish you off,” the man said in despair. He rubbed his forehead. “Will you pardon me for touching you, Vua? I think I could carry you to your room.”
Sheiji nodded and the man lifted him in his arms. Soon they were in Sheiji’s room and the man lay him down on the bed.
“Sheiji! What happened?” Fa-Ying rushed into the room and asked urgently. “I’ve been looking for you.”
“Don’t tell!” Sheiji cried. “Don’t tell. Don’t make me tell! I’ll be killed. I know it.”
“Sheiji, calm down, no one is going to kill you. Tell me, what happened.”
“He’ll kill me!”
“You,” Fa-Ying said to the man. “Tell me who you are and what happened.”
“My name is Inon. I am a son of one of King Kawa’s concubines and a soldier in your bodyguard, Vua.”
“Please don’t tell! Don’t make me tell,” interrupted Sheiji. His head had now cleared and he sat up straight on the bed
“Hush, Sheiji,” said Fa-Ying. “Tell me what happened, Inon.”
“I dare not,” Inon mumbled. “Vua has forbidden it.”
“Oh, don’t listen to Vua! I want to know what happened,” Fa-Ying sighed exasperatedly.
Inon shuffled his feet and rubbed his forehead. He glanced at Sheiji who sat fearfully with his arms around his knees.
“Tamé…” Inon began uncomfortably. “Tamé…he…”
“He tried to kill me,” said Sheiji. “I was in the library reading and he pushed me to the ground and tried to strangle me. If Inon hadn’t come along, I think he would have killed me. That’s what he meant to do. And I didn’t do anything wrong!”
Inon looked relieved that he hadn’t had to tell the story.
Fa-Ying frowned grimly, “What were you reading, Sheiji?”
“First I was reading a book about the different kings of Imatsuro, but that was too difficult. So I chose a book that wasn’t as large, it was a book about my father, I think, it had his name on it anyway, but it was in a strange language that I did not understand.”
“What was the name of that book?” asked Fa-Ying warily.
Sheiji thought for a moment, “It had my father’s name in it and then another word…seso… or…semo or…” 
“Sezo?” asked Fa-Ying.
“Yes, I think so.”
“No wonder he got angry,” muttered Fa-Ying.
“What does sezo mean?”
“You need not know what it means yet,” replied Fa-Ying.
“Why?” asked Sheiji.
“For your safety, Sheiji,” replied Fa-Ying.
Sheiji scowled, “Do you know what it means, Inon?”
Inon shook his head. “I do not speak Thánh.”
“What is Thánh?”
“Hush, Sheiji, speak no more about this matter,” ordered Fa-Ying severely.
Sheiji frowned and sat glumly on the bed.
Fa-Ying and Inon talked together for some time. Finally, Fa-Ying said, “Listen, Sheiji. I want you to stay here. Do you understand? Stay right here in this room and do not leave, no matter what.”

Chapter 5
“Vua, wake up and be quiet,” Inon whispered in Sheiji’s ear. It was near midnight one month after the library incident. Fa-Ying had chosen Inon to be Sheiji’s special bodyguard and the devoted soldier was never far from his young king’s side, even at night.
“What’s wrong?” asked Sheiji sleepily.
“Sheiji, follow me,” whispered another voice. It was Fa-Ying.
Sheiji got out of bed and put on his clothes and straw sandals. 
“Not your shoes,” whispered Fa-Ying. “They’ll make too much noise on the floor.”
“Where are we going?” asked Sheiji, rather annoyed at having been pulled from his bed at such an hour.
“Just follow me,” said Fa-Ying.
Inon bowed as Sheiji passed. Fa-Ying opened the door and peered out cautiously. “Come, Sheiji.” He motioned for Sheiji to follow him.
They walked down the hall and through innumerable doorways. “Are we there yet?” asked Sheiji after a while.
“Shh,” Fa-Ying hushed him. “No noise.”
They walked in absolute silence for many more minutes. Finally they went through a door into a room filled with boxes.
“What’s this?” asked Sheiji.
“Shh, I’ll tell you later,” Fa-Ying whispered. He turned his head slowly from one side to the other, scanning the room. Then he quietly shut the door behind him. 
Fa-Ying walked to the left wall and ran his hand up and down the cold stone. He grunted and pushed a stone with his fist.
There was a grating noise and the wall opened revealing a long dark corridor. “Come, Sheiji,” Fa-Ying whispered.
Sheiji followed Fa-Ying into the corridor and the door slid shut behind them. As the door closed, the corridor was mysteriously lit up with torches lining the wall. Sheiji stood looking around him in amazement. Fa-Ying chuckled.
“How…what…where are we?” Sheiji stuttered. 
“We’re in the wall of the palace,” replied Fa-Ying simply. “We must go further on, though.”
They began to walk down the corridor. There were many passages leading off in all directions, but they stuck to the same main path. 
“Here we are,” said Fa-Ying finally, turning off into a dimly lit hallway. Only one torch perched on the wall.
Fa-Ying pressed a stone in the wall. With a grinding noise, a doorway appeared in what had previously been a solid wall. Fa-Ying grabbed Sheiji’s arm and pulled him into a room.
The door shut with a groan behind them and an eerie silence followed while Fa-Ying stumbled around looking for a light. 
“Ah,” said Fa-Ying and several torches blazed. It was an odd sort of light. White, rather than orange, as would come from normal torches, and the flames did not dance, but held quite still. The torches in the hall had been like that also, Sheiji recalled. It was strange, very strange.
The room in which they now stood was a large one. The walls were made of a dark gray stone with gold, black and blue swirled throughout. These walls were not like the roughly cut, coal-black stone in the corridor. They were beautiful and polished until they shone. Sheiji supposed they were some sort of marble. They were also not wet and slimy, like those in the corridor; in fact, the room was not damp or cold in the least but warm, as if a fire burned brightly in a fireplace, though there was none. The door that they had walked through was made of glistening stone, exactly like that of the walls. 
In the middle of the room was an oddly made table. It was not of the design that Sheiji was accustomed to. The furniture he knew was all made of hard, gnarled, black oak, with only one small flower or leaf carved into the dark wood.
But this; it was like nothing Sheiji had ever seen before. The olive-colored wood was as smooth and cool as silk. It was polished to absolute perfection so it reflected the torchlight and made Sheiji squint. The legs and sides of the table were richly embellished with carvings of flowers and leaves, cups and plates, tropical fruits, birds and fish and animals of all kinds. They were all so masterfully carved that they seemed almost real; as if they could grow and move and speak.
Sheiji drew in his breath at the sight and almost forgot to breathe altogether. Never had he seen such a beautiful sight as this table with silk pillows carefully arranged around it. “Oh, how wonderful,” he finally stammered. 
“Do you like it?” asked Fa-Ying with a smile of pride.
“Oh, yes,” replied Sheiji breathlessly. “Where did it come from?”
“Do you not know?” asked Fa-Ying surprised.
“No,” replied Sheiji.
“It was your father’s.”
“My father’s?” asked Sheiji. “I’ve never seen it before.”
“I suppose you haven’t,” Fa-Ying sighed. “They were a gift to your father from your mother’s parents when they married. Crafted by none other than Misho himself!”
“Who?” 
“Misho, do you not even know the most famous carpenter in Jiwu and Imatsuro?” asked Fa-Ying. “I see that you don’t. Well I shall have to teach you about him as well. Anyways, when your mother died, the king was so grief stricken, that he ordered this table to be destroyed. He ordered that everything in the Kingdom of Imatsuro that had been made by Misho be destroyed and anything that looked remotely like a one of Misho’s works must also be destroyed.”
“Why?” asked Sheiji. “Misho didn’t do anything to my father.”
“We cannot always understand the mind of a grieving man, Sheiji.”
“How did you get this table if it was destroyed?”
“I said the king ordered it to be destroyed, not that it was. We had a nice bonfire with a table that was similar. Of course, only a few knew.”
Sheiji stood looking around wordlessly. He had so many questions that he didn’t even know where to begin.
“Sit, my king,” Fa-Ying ordered. Sheiji sat on one of the beautiful pillows that surrounded the table and Fa-Ying sat beside him on another.
“There are many things I must teach you, Sheiji. So many things and so little time. But first I must warn you and tell you of things you may not wish to hear.” Fa-Ying looked at the silent king and continued, “As I am sure you know, your brother does not want you to learn what I am going to teach you. He has forbidden you to go to the library, or read any of the books because he is afraid that if you learn all that is necessary for you to hold a successful reign, he will lose his power. And now that he has nearly declared himself king, he is afraid you will kill him when you gain that power. He has forbidden me to teach you also, so we must be very careful.”
Sheiji nodded. “What will he do if he finds out you are teaching me?”
“We must make sure he does not find out,” replied Fa-Ying, carefully avoiding the question. He did not want the young king to know how great a risk he was taking.
“Sui-Tsai has many spies all over the palace. Even in your own bedroom. Money and fear both make many followers,” Fa-Ying said quietly. “Here it is safe, there are no spies. But we must keep it so. Never speak of what we do here or of the conversations we have. Never even give a hint that we come here or that this place exists, not even when you think there is no one around. We may speak freely only here.”
Sheiji was frightened by Fa-Ying’s stern warning but he remained quiet as Fa-Ying continued.
“Now, you may ask me anything you wish to know and I will answer it to the best of my ability. What do you wish to know?”
“I don’t know where to start!” Sheiji laughed nervously. He thought for a moment. “I suppose…I suppose I would like to know…may it be anything, or must it be about being king?”
“Ask whatever you like, Sheiji,” answered Fa-Ying. A twinkle of amusement played in his eyes.
“How is it that those torches do not flicker and how do they light all at once?”
Fa-Ying chuckled, “That, my boy, is a long kept secret of these passageways. Can you figure it out? Go and take a look at the torches.”
Sheiji jumped up and strode over to the wall. He peered at the torch. It didn’t look like fire. He touched it carefully and pulled his hand back quickly. “It’s hot,” he marveled. “But it’s not fire. It looks like a stone. What is it Fa-Ying? Is it a stone?”
“Yes or very nearly. It is a gem, found only in Imatsuro, Jiwu and Kasara. When heated it gives off a steady, bright light. You see, there is a clay pipe that runs just under each torch. There is a lever that, when turned, sends hot water from the heaters through the pipes. The hot water heats the gems and causes them to glow.”
“Amazing!” cried Sheiji. “Why doesn’t the whole palace use them?”
“They are very rare. In fact, you and I, and perhaps one or two other people, are the only ones who know they are here. Not even Sui-Tsai knows they are here,” said Fa-Ying.
“Does anyone else know about this secret passage?” asked Sheiji.
“Only a select few of your father’s close friends know.”
“Are they loyal to me or to Sui-Tsai?” asked Sheiji.
“Most will be loyal to you, young Sheiji,” replied Fa-Ying.
“Why does my brother want to be king?”
“Power, Sheiji, he wants power.”
“He has power,” replied Sheiji.
“He wants more power than what he can get as a prince,” replied Fa-Ying. “For now, being Regent is enough, but later…” 
“What?”
“Now, Sui-Tsai must come to you before he makes any big decisions such as declaring war or even executing a criminal. Soon he will grow tired of this and will declare himself king. He cannot do that, however, while you are still alive,” Fa-Ying warned.
“Do you think he would kill me?” asked Sheiji.
“I am sure of it,” Fa-Ying replied. “Now, we must have some studies before you go back to bed. Sit and we will begin.”
Sheiji sat and Fa-Ying took down a narrow book. “Arar’mima Kawa-Matsu sezo,” murmured Sheiji, reading the title. He looked up in surprise, “How did you get this? You know Tamé forbid me to touch any of the books in the library.”
“In the library, yes. But this was not in the library. Sui-Tsai ordered me to burn it. Let’s just say, I decided to spare this book and burn another,” Fa-Ying smirked.
Sheiji smiled, “I’ll remember when I am king that any time I want something burned, not to tell you. This is the second thing you’ve saved contrary to your orders.”
“Oh, no. I’ve saved many more things, and you shall see some of them,” said Fa-Ying. “Now, the subject of our lesson, I am going to teach you Thánh.”
“What is that?” asked Sheiji.
“It is a special language known only by the royal family and their close advisors,” explained Fa-Ying. “You must know it in order to be king.”
“Does Sui-Tsai know it?” asked Sheiji.
“Yes, now I want you to read what it says here. This will be your school book.”
“Toizu…sezo,…dezo…durorczay…durazi…vàoza…anhziy…hurorngzoy…denziy…khizu…toizu…chetzey.”
“Okay, stop. Now do you know what that means?” asked Fa-Ying.
“Of course not. I don’t speak Thánh or whatever you call it,” Sheiji said.
“Hush, boy, of course you know what it means, you just have to think. It is more of a code, than a language, really.”
Fa-Ying watched the boy as he tried in vain to puzzle out the code. 
“Please, tell me, Fa-Ying,” begged Sheiji.
“I shall not. You need to figure it out for yourself.” Fa-Ying pursed his lips and no matter how much Sheiji begged, he would give no hint. Finally, Fa-Ying said, “Well, I suppose you cannot think very well when you are tired. We will leave now.”
Sheiji followed Fa-Ying out of the secret room and back to his bedroom. He could hardly remember how he even got undressed and to his bed. He was asleep before his head hit the pillow.

Chapter 6
Nearly every night for the next two years, Fa-Ying and Sheiji met secretly in the room. They talked about many things, but mostly Fa-Ying trained Sheiji to be capable of ruling the empire. 
He learned of matters of state: about measuring justice, about wars and treaties and of dealing with criminals, prisoners of war and treasonous men. 
He learned of the history of Imatsuro; from the first king in the recorded history of his country to his late father, King Kawa; he learned of previous wars and battles, of friends and foes; he read both truth and myths that shaped the culture his country.
Sheiji learned about the lords and nobles, soldiers and Obokan warriors, merchants, tradesmen, and even common people of Imatsuro and their role in society, a thing most princes never learned. Fa-Ying believed it was very important to learn about even the peasants, so that Sheiji would be able to give justice and judge fairly.
Sheiji still had not figured out the code to Thánh, though, and it was obvious that Fa-Ying would never tell him. He almost gave up puzzling over it except for the strong desire to discover what was in that book that made Tamé so angry and deadly.

One night, Sheiji lay in his bed, turning over in his mind the first paragraph of the book in Thánh, which he knew by heart. He was waiting to see if Fa-Ying would summon him or not and could not seem to get to sleep.
“Toizo sezo, dezo durorczay durazi vàoza anhziy hurorngzoy denziy khizu toizu chetzey,” he mumbled to himself. 
Suddenly he sat up straight. “I know it! I figured it out!” he cried silently. “If I take off the letter Z and everything after it, I get the word in Tekelonnese. My language, the language we all speak! But it seems almost too easy.”
Sheiji thought for a minute, “So, this sentence means ‘This is my will, to be read only after I die.”
“Now I see…” Sheiji whispered breathlessly. “They will kill me if they know I can understand. They didn’t want me to read my father’s will.”
Sheiji’s shoulders drooped. “I must tell Fa-Ying that I understand, now. And we are both in grave danger should anyone discover what treasure we have.”
He got up and groped for his slippers. Hurriedly he slipped them on his feet and tiptoed to the door. Sheiji opened it and peeked out. His eyes darted first one way, then the other. He slipped out without a noise. He had become so accustomed to creeping unheard at night, that it was not hard to walk down the familiar passage in silence.
He hardly dared breathe as he passed Sui-Tsai’s door. He was nearly to the end of the corridor when he heard a voice behind him. He whirled and looked Sui-Tsai straight in the face. Sui-Tsai smiled a cold smile that sent shivers down Sheiji’s back. 
“Where are you going, O Gracious Vua, most Exalted King?” asked Sui-Tsai, his voice dripping with sarcastic reverence. 
“I was only taking a walk, honored Brother,” replied Sheiji nervously. “My room is hot and stuffy.”
“It is dangerous for a king to walk alone at night,” Sui-Tsai fretted. “Let me tell you a story. There once was a king a number of years ago. He went for a walk through his palace on a hot summer night, much like tonight. He was never heard of again.”
“So that’s how you plan to get rid of me,” Sheiji mumbled. He stared at Sui-Tsai defiantly. Then he noticed something he had never seen before. It was a small purple tattoo on the side of Sui-Tsai’s neck in the shape of a lotus blossom.
“What do you mean?” Sui-Tsai asked with exaggerated innocence. “I only mean to escort you back to your room safely. I would hate for something to happen to the Future King of Imatsuro.”
“I’m sure.”
“Come now, Brother,” Sui-Tsai smiled. “Come with me willingly. I will take you back to your room now.”
Sheiji began to walk back to his room. Sui-Tsai followed close behind, his hand hovering near his side where either a sword or a dagger was concealed.
“Sheiji,” Sui-Tsai continued talking in his honeyed voice. “I have some important news to tell you. Shall we meet at ten o’clock tomorrow morning?”
“Yes, brother,” replied Sheiji. “What is it?”
“Of course it is not suitable to speak of it here, Little One,” Sui-Tsai laughed. “But meet me tomorrow in the…hmm…in the Water Room. You do know where that is, don’t you, Sheiji? It is the throne room near the pool of the goddess Naruyo, keeper of the swan.”
“I know.”
“Good. I shall see you there. Feel free to bring your beloved Fa-Ying or Inon or whoever you wish. Here is your room. Good night, Brother. And from now on, I suggest you stay in your room during the night; I would hate to have something happen to you.” The last sentence was spoken more like a threat and Sheiji knew the “something” would likely happen if he were caught outside of his room again.
He slipped quietly through the door and shut it behind him. He heard the latch fall into place on the opposite side and knew Sui-Tsai had locked him in.
Thoroughly exhausted with his night’s fright, he crawled into bed and fell into a deep sleep. 

Chapter 7
 Sheiji awoke early the next morning. He had tried the door five times but it remained locked. He searched his room for something to do and finally settled on translating those portions of his father’s will that he had memorized. 
He had become so engrossed that he hardly heard the knock on his door. The knock came again, louder and more nervous, and with it came a voice, “Vua, are you in here?”
“Come in, Inon,” Sheiji called without leaving his perch on his bed. He was in the middle of an interesting paragraph.
Inon opened the door slowly and stuck his head inside. He let out his breath and stepped inside, shutting the door carefully behind him.
“I was afraid for you, Vua,” Inon said. “Your door was locked from the outside. Who did it?”
“Who do you think?” shrugged Sheiji.
Inon blew slowly out his mouth, “You should let me stay here to guard you, Vua.”
“Thank you, Inon, but I do not like people staring at me while I sleep.”
Inon smiled a little.
“What time is it, Inon?”
“It’s nearly ten o’clock,” replied Inon.
“Oh! So late already! Where are my clothes? And where are my servants?” Sheiji muttered.
“I shall call them for you, Vua.”
“No, I haven’t time. I must meet Sui-Tsai in the Water Room at ten,” replied Sheiji. “I’ll dress myself.”
“Why are you meeting Sui-Tsai?” Inon asked.
“I do not know. He said he had important news to give me,” Sheiji laughed suddenly. “I know what Fa-Ying would say to that. He would say, ‘What, your death sentence? That would be important to him.’ “
Inon smiled weakly. “Shall Fa-Ying be going with you?”
“Yes, and you if you are able,” replied Sheiji as he pulled a tunic from his wardrobe.
“I’ll go fetch him,” replied Inon. “We will return shortly.” Inon bowed out of the room and left Sheiji to his dressing. 
Several minutes later, Fa-Ying hurried into the room with Inon. He was muttering something about stupid regents ordering so called ‘important meetings’ at this hour of the morning, though it was late in the day already.
“I’m ready, Fa-Ying,” stated Sheiji. “Shall we go?”
“Yes, yes. Where did that…your brother say to go?” asked Fa-Ying, catching himself before he said something regrettable.
“To the Water Room,” Sheiji replied. “It’s already so late.”
“Yes, I suppose it is,” Fa-Ying muttered.
“What has put you into such a bad mood today, Fa-Ying?” questioned Sheiji.
“What? Oh, nothing,” he replied.
They hurried down the hall, Fa-Ying leading and Inon last, with Sheiji in between. They wandered through a maze of passages and halls until they reached the door of the throne room.
Sheiji stepped forward to one of the guards and said in an authoritative manner, “I have an audience with His Regency Sui-Tsai.”
Fa-Ying smiled a little to see his usually timid young prince speak so boldly.
“Yes, His Regency is expecting you,” replied the guard.
“Your Majesty,” corrected Fa-Ying gruffly. “Have you no respect for the king?”
“Pardon me, Your Majesty,” the guard mumbled.
The guards opened the big doors and the small procession entered. The doors closed behind them with a loud thud and they were left to face Sui-Tsai.
Fa-Ying and Inon held back and let Sheiji take the lead. He strode confidently to the front of the room, though he was not half as confident as he pretended to be. 
Fa-Ying and Inon stood several paces behind King Sheiji as was customary and Inon knelt on the floor. Sui-Tsai remained standing, smiling his thin-lipped, haughty smile.
“Kneel before the king,” commanded Fa-Ying, who felt it his duty to make sure all men showed proper respect for the king.
Sui-Tsai glared at Fa-Ying. Then his frown changed into a charming smile and he said, “Oh, I’m sure his Majesty does not wish me to prostrate myself before him. Do you, little one?” Sui-Tsai spoke to Sheiji as one speaks to a small child of two or three.
Sheiji was truly enraged. He was tired of this man treating him as a little child who didn’t know anything. “On your knees, fool!” Sheiji took a threatening step forward.
Sui-Tsai stared at Sheiji in astonishment with his mouth agape. Then he dropped to his knees and bowed his head, but no more than what was barely necessary.
Sheiji shot a glance in Fa-Ying’s direction. His teacher had a triumphant grin on his face. He nodded and Sheiji said calmly, “You may rise, Prince Regent.”
Sui-Tsai hastily got to his feet. He glared at Sheiji and waited for the permission to be seated.
Sheiji took his time settling himself on one of the floor cushions, relishing his brother’s submissiveness. Fa-Ying sat just slightly behind Sheiji, but Inon remained kneeling.
“Please, be seated, Brother,” said Sheiji.
“I’m flattered you remembered,” muttered Sui-Tsai. He sat.
“Now, for what purpose have you called us here?” Sheiji questioned.
“Must we so hastily get to business, Vua?” Sui-Tsai asked. “Let us talk a bit first and have some spiced wine.”
Sui-Tsai clapped his hands and a slave brought out a tray upon which sat three silver goblets. “Take one, Brother,” Sui-Tsai offered. “And Ying also.”
They each took a goblet of wine and Sui-Tsai took the last. “Now, you have changed much, Majesty,” Sui-Tsai began. “You act…nobler, more kingly. You used to be such a child…but now! How you have changed.”
Sheiji did not answer; perhaps Sui-Tsai was fishing for information. 
“Of course it must be that you are so much older. It has been nearly two years since our dear father died. You are now sixteen years old.” Sheiji wondered what Sui-Tsai was plotting.
“Perhaps you have become wiser in your old age, hey, Brother?” Sui-Tsai laughed. 
Sheiji knew he must say something. “Perhaps you are right, Sui-Tsai. Or perhaps I have learned a thing or two from your…manner.”
Sui-Tsai laughed. “You are humorous, Vua. I’m glad my personality is so worthy of being copied. But we mustn’t sit here all day chatting like old women. Come now, you shall hear of your surprise.”
Fa-Ying muttered some incoherent phrase and shifted his position on the cushion.
“As I said, Brother, you are growing quite old. I believe it is time for you to be engaged,” Sui-Tsai said.
“What?” cried Sheiji, barely resisting the urge to jump to his feet. When he had calmed himself, he said, “I believe that would be impossible, Regency. You see, I am already engaged and have been from the age of two.”
“Yes, yes. We all know that, Vua. But, as I’m sure you also know, your betrothed was stolen from her home when she was but an infant, and is now, most assuredly, dead. So I have arranged for you to marry another.”
Sheiji cast a worried glance in Fa-Ying’s direction. It was impossible to tell what the old man was thinking. It was a mix of acceptance, worry and hate. “I see. And when is the engagement to take place?” he asked quietly.
“Tonight,” replied the Regent. “But you shall meet her now.” Sui-Tsai signaled one of the guards and they opened the door. In rushed a large procession of servants and ladies-in-waiting. 
After they were inside and the doors had shut behind them, they halted. From the midst of them, stepped a woman of about forty years.

Chapter 8
Sheiji gasped, “That’s not…”
“No,” grinned Sui-Tsai. “Not her.” He laughed as if it were a hilarious joke.
Now a young girl stepped forward. The woman pushed her gently forward and then followed slowly.
The girl took a few steps forward and stopped. The woman pushed her forward again. She seemed to summon all her courage and walked forward to the front of the room. 
She had dark skin, Sheiji noticed, darker than his, and thick, black hair that fell in a braid nearly to the floor. She had large black eyes that darted from one place to another. She was very small and thin, nine or ten years old, but she looked younger. Hevanan, most likely, thought Sheiji, they were small people. 
She stopped several yards in front of Sheiji and began to bow in the Hevanan style, by placing both heels together and bowing low with both palms up. Then she caught herself and fell on her knees with her face pressed hard to the floor. Her servants followed.
“You may rise,” said Sheiji.
The girl, startled at Sheiji’s voice, lifted her head. There was a look of bewilderment on her face and Sheiji could tell she did not speak Tekelonnese.
Sheiji opened his mouth to translate his sentence into Hevanan, for the Hevanan language had been part of his studies, but he caught a slight shake of the head from Fa-Ying and caught the meaning. He could not give away the secret of his training.
“Does anyone speak Hevanan fluently?” Sheiji asked awkwardly.
“Your Majesty,” a young Hevanan woman spoke up, bowing before Sheiji and speaking to him in Tekelonnese. “I speak your language, Majesty.”
“Will you tell…the princess, here, that she may rise?” asked Sheiji.
The woman mumbled something and the little princess stood.
Sheiji glanced at Fa-Ying for advice. “Ask her to be seated,” Fa-Ying whispered.
“Please won’t you sit, Princess,” he said, patting a pillow in front of him. The woman translated and the princess timidly sat on the edge of the pillow. 
 “My name is Sheiji-Yueng,” he said to her. “You probably already knew that.”
The woman translated and the girl replied, “Ma vaas l’a Mirala Tluse. Yija ko Ubango Tluse, ko Ksha ko Sylvania ko Hevana.”
“My name is Mirala Tluse,” the woman translated, “the daughter of Ubango Tluse, king of Sylvania of Hevana.”
“I am pleased to meet you Mirala Tluse,” said Sheiji.
The woman translated.
“Dyamam, m’a—,”
“Good, good,” interrupted Sui-Tsai. “I think that is enough with acquaintances. You are dismissed,” he said to the princess.
The young woman translated and the Princess looked relieved. Then she and the two women backed toward the door and left with their entire procession. 
“A good fit, I’m sure. She will learn Tekelonnese soon enough,” said Sui-Tsai. “You are dismissed, Vua. Though I would have a word with you privately.”
“His Majesty shall not speak with you privately,” said Fa-Ying. “He—.”
“It’s quite all right, Fa-Ying. I shall speak with Sui-Tsai. I will meet you right outside in several minutes.”
“Vua, I think—,” began Fa-Ying.
Sheiji nodded curtly and sent them off with a wave of his hand.
When Fa-Ying and Inon had left, Sui-Tsai began, “There are several matters of state which I wish to discuss with you. We shall only address this one, today. There is a country east of Imatsuro that is quite dangerous to us. They seem to be raising an army, and some spies tell me they plan to use the army to wage war against Imatsuro.”
Sheiji listened quietly and solemnly as Sui-Tsai continued, “It would be relatively easy to squash that uprising now. We could even gain more land for our empire. If we do it immediately, that is. The ease all depends on how soon we begin. All we need is your consent and I will begin raising your army and dispatch troops. I have a brilliant plan, too. Will you just place your seal here?” Sui-Tsai held out a piece of paper. 
It was written in Thánh. Probably so that Sheiji couldn’t read it. But he could. He scanned it quickly, pretending that he was pretending to know what it said. But he understood it perfectly. It read:

I, Sheiji-Yueng do hereby command His Regency, 
Prince Sui-Tsai to declare war on the nation of 
Nakuchi and on its emperor, Vishou Loromi.
I command him to add to my Kingdom of Imatsuro 
all the captured land of Nakuchi and its territories.
I command His Regency to first raid the capital city of
Quin-li; killing all men and boys age fourteen and over,
taking as slaves all women and children he shall find there.
All loot from the city will be given over to His Regency,
Sui-Tsai. His Regency will return with all those with 
Royal blood that are in the city. They will be dealt with accordingly…

Sheiji’s eyes drifted to the end of the document, where it said:

I, Sheiji-Yueng am solely responsible for these actions.
I have commanded these things to be done in My Name
and sealed this paper with my own seal. 
His Regency has advised against these actions, but I insist upon them.
He is not responsible for any breaking of treaties and/or contracts.

Sheiji could read no more. This was treachery! He could barely control his temper, but he must, otherwise Sui-Tsai find out he understood Thánh.
“You read it all, Vua?” Sui-Tsai asked with a patronizing tone. 
“Yes. It said just what you told me, of course,” Sheiji lied. “About them raising an army and such.”
“Yes, it does,” replied Sui-Tsai smiling broadly.” Now, if you’ll just place your seal on it, I shall begin at once.”
Sheiji thought fast, “But of course I must think on this matter, Regency. It is not wise to declare war on a nation without giving it careful thought.”
“Oh, Vua, you have no need to fear. I have already given it all the thought one can possibly give to a matter. I have saved you the trouble,” replied Sui-Tsai cleverly.
“All the same,” replied Sheiji. “I would still like to think about it.”
Sui-Tsai though for a moment, “All right. I give you until this evening to think about my proposal. Tonight you shall give your consent.”
“Yes, Brother,” replied Sheiji. “I shall go now.”
“Goodbye, Vua,” Sui-Tsai smiled wickedly. “Until tonight, Brother.”

Chapter 9
“We can go now,” said Sheiji to Fa-Ying and Inon. “My audience with His Regency is over.”
“Good,” replied Fa-Ying. “That was very foolish of you, Sheiji. You could have…Sui-Tsai could have killed you!”
“I know,” replied Sheiji. He caught Fa-Ying’s eye and nodded at the wall. Fa-Ying nodded. They had become very good at understanding many different nods and expressions on each other’s faces.
“Inon, go ahead and check his Majesty’s room,” commanded Fa-Ying.
“No, Inon, stay. I wish to have you with us,” Sheiji replied.
Inon stood looking from one to the other, not sure who to obey. Fa-Ying stood looking at Sheiji who stared back with a pleading expression on his face.
“Oh! All right then, Inon. Stay with us,” Fa-Ying consented.
Carefully and quietly, the three snuck to their secret meeting room in the wall. They rarely met there in the day, because of the risk of spies.
“What happened in there?” asked Fa-Ying when they were safely in the room. Inon stood staring wide-eyed around him. Then suddenly he fell to his knees before Sheiji crying, “Vua, Your Majesty. What a place!”
“Get up, Inon,” Sheiji said. Inon stood slowly, still wide-eyed. 
“Listen, Inon. Here, in this room, we are safe to talk about anything without fear of spies. But here, also, we have no rank. We are only friends. Here, I am not your king, Fa-Ying is not my advisor and you are not my bodyguard. We are simply friends. Do you understand? Treat me as you would any one of your friends.”
“Yes, Vua…what shall I call you?” asked Inon.
“Sheiji,” replied he. “Just Sheiji.”
“Yes…Sheiji,” Inon answered with difficulty. From birth, all people learned greatest respect for the king and his family. No good citizen would speak a king’s first name, at least not without the title “Vua.”
“Good,” said Sheiji. “Now, I’ll tell you what happened. I nearly walked into a deadly trap.”
“What happened Sheiji?” asked Fa-Ying in a low voice.
“Well, the Royal Swindler in there tried to get me to sign a paper that, to sum it all up, said I commanded him to break the Treaty of Sugawa and wage war on Nakuchi and that Sui-Tsai was only obeying orders, so he was not responsible for anything.”
“Did he really think you would fall for it?” asked Inon.
“Well, what he told me, and what was written on the paper were two totally different things,” replied Sheiji. “You see, the paper was written in Thánh.”
Fa-Ying turned to stare at Sheiji. He was grinning from ear to ear. “And you understand it?” he asked excitedly.
“What? Oh, yes, I figured it out last night. But he didn’t, and still doesn’t, I hope, know that I know it,” replied Sheiji.
Fa-Ying was still smiling proudly, “So how did you get away from signing it?”
“Well,” Sheiji said slowly. “I didn’t exactly. I wanted time to think about it. I have to sign it tonight.”
“I see. Well we will just say that you can’t break the Treaty of Sugawa,” said Fa-Ying.
“Except,” began Sheiji. “The Swindler never told me the name of the nation he wanted to make war against. And I would not be expected to know about the Treaty of Sugawa.”
Fa-Ying thought for a minute, “Then we must think of another way. Ask your brother, tonight what the name of the nation is, then…”
“Then you can say you do not want to war with Nakuchi because it is where your other betrothed was from,” suggested Inon. “And you love her so much and you could never hurt her family.”
“Excellent!” exclaimed Sheiji. “Inon, it’s perfect. It would be just the thing an uneducated prince would say. But is it enough to ward off war?”
“It may work for now, at least until we can think of a better plan,” replied Fa-Ying. 
“You have changed, Vua…Sheiji,” commented Inon. “You are braver and you walk with confidence. A thousand pardons for my saying so, but you used to be such a coward. You would have never spoken to His Regency that way before.”
“Thank you, Inon. I owe it all to Fa-Ying. He has taught me everything,” replied Sheiji.
“Yes, he is right, Sheiji,” said Fa-Ying. “You filled my heart with pride this morning. You walked with confidence and a swagger in your step that said your command must not be questioned. And you spoke with a strong heart and voice.” Fa-Ying smiled bigger still, “And let’s not forget the way you brought him to his knees!”
Then Fa-Ying’s smile suddenly faded and he said softly, “Yes, he will never forget that. He will never forget you made him kneel. You are in even more danger.” Fa-Ying looked suddenly older. He rested his head in his hands and closed his eyes.
“Are you ill, Fa-Ying?” Sheiji was suddenly fearful for his friend and advisor.
“No, no. Only weary, my son,” replied Fa-Ying. “I should not look so in your presence, it puts more worry upon your small shoulders.”
 “What is it that makes you so weary, Fa-Ying?” asked Sheiji. “Please tell me. Perhaps I can help.” Then a terrible thought struck the boy and he cried, “Oh, no! It’s me. I know it. I am too much a burden to you, Fa-Ying. My father was not so. But I don’t know anything and so I am a terrible burden on your mind and soul!”
“No, that is not it, Sheiji,” replied the old advisor. “I shall tell you then, though I fear it will bring much fear to your young heart.”
“Oh, do tell me, Fa-Ying,” begged Sheiji as he looked into the sad, sad eyes of his teacher.
“Soon, you must leave, Sheiji. You must leave the palace or die,” Fa-Ying began sadly. “Your brother will not accept his position as regent much longer. He must come to you for approval for the very slightest of matters. He wants all the power, Sheiji, as I told you that first night. He wants total power. Especially after you made him kneel before you and now that you will not consent to his plans.”
Fa-Ying stared at his hands, old and hard as leather. Strong hands that had fought many battles, killed many enemies, guided many kings. Gentle hands that had held each new son of the king, that had comforted many, that had now taught with love. They were calloused, scarred and worn. He was an old man.
“It will not be long. It may be even today. He hates you, Sheiji, but most of all he fears you.”
Sheiji looked lovingly at this man he had grown to love in so short a time. He knew Fa-Ying was right.
Inon spoke up, “Honored Teacher, I will give my life to protect Sheiji. He is the only king I serve.”
“I know, Inon. I too am willing to give my life if it could protect our king. But I fear the only thing that will save him now, is for him to flee. I have a plan, but it will require you, Inon, to gather information.”
“Whatever I may do to aid my king,” Inon replied. “Speak your plan.”
“Listen carefully, Sheiji,” said Fa-Ying. “When the time comes, you must flee to Jiwu. You must go to your mother’s family, the royal family in Taukama. They will help your cause. When you arrive there, tell them your story. Spies will inform you in Taukama of Sui-Tsai’s army. You will have help along the way from friends loyal to you alone. You will know a friend or one of our spies by this: they will carry a lotus charm, a purple lotus with a white lotus over the top. One will say ‘The Cygnet grows into a Swan,’ and the other will say, ‘And the Falcon shall not hunt forever.’ Have you got that?”
“Yes,” replied Sheiji. “White lotus over a purple lotus and ‘The Cygnet grows into a Swan and the Falcon shall not hunt forever.’ Why those words, Fa-Ying?”
“As you know, Sheiji, we Imatsurans love our swans. They are considered good luck. You are the Swan of Imatsuro, Sheiji. You were young, like a cygnet. Now you are becoming a swan as you learn to fight for your rights as king. As for the second phrase, Sui-Tsai is the falcon. The phrase means that he won’t be regent forever, nor king. For you are coming, Sheiji.
“Should you meet someone with a purple lotus, know he is an enemy, no matter what he says; the purple lotus is Sui-Tsai’s sign. Should you meet someone who knows the password, but doesn’t immediately show you the right charm, he also is an enemy. Finally if you meet someone who shows you the charm but does not give the password, do not trust him, for only the man who has both the charm and password is a true friend. Do not trust anyone else, no matter what he says, do you understand, young one?”
“Yes, Fa-Ying,” replied Sheiji.
“Good. Now, Inon, here is where you may help. Whenever I give you the signal, which we shall arrange presently, you must somehow get yourself on duty at the northeast gate of the palace. Can you arrange that?” 
“I think so, Fa-Ying. Though the Captain of the Guard, himself, wears the Purple Lotus. But perhaps I could bribe the guard on duty.”
“Good. Inon, do you know many who wear the Purple Lotus?”
“Yes,” Inon smiled. “And I could find out more. A man who has wet his mouth with rice wine will say much. I shall give you the names of all that I know.”
“Later, now we must plan more—,”
“No, there are three you must know now,” said Inon. “The Chamberlain; his brother, the king’s own Scribe; and EL-Yoran, the high priest of Eiron.”
“Hmm, good to know,” replied Fa-Ying thoughtfully. “The high priest, you say?”
“Yes, Honored Teacher.”
“Hmm. Well then, Inon, I have thought of a sign. When it is time, I or more likely a servant will come to you and tell you the king’s hunting falcon flew off and you must find it.”
Inon nodded, “I shall remember.”
“Good,” replied Fa-Ying. “Now, Inon, I want that list you promised me, but the servants shall be wondering about our king. Stay here and I shall return presently.”
Fa-Ying and Sheiji left and cautiously returned to Sheiji’s room.
“Say nothing of what we have spoken of, Sheiji. Not a word,” Fa-Ying whispered. Then he said loudly, “You must prepare for your engagement feast tonight, Vua. Call your servants and have them help you.”
Fa-Ying retreated down the hall.

Chapter 10
“Are you ready, Vua?” 
“Yes, I think so, Fa-Ying. Do I look all right?” replied Sheiji.
“You’re fine,” Fa-Ying rolled his eyes. “Let’s go.”
“Where’s Inon?”
“Taking care of some business. He’ll meet us later,” replied Fa-Ying.
They followed a maze of corridors until they reached the great hall. The guards bowed when they saw King Sheiji and pushed the doors open. The noise and laughter died instantly as Sheiji entered. 
Everyone rose to their feet and bowed, some on one knee and some on both, depending on their rank and occupation.
Sheiji smiled and strode confidently past the many staring eyes. Sui-Tsai stood coldly at the front of the room, arms crossed. He dipped his knee before Sheiji could disgrace him by commanding it.
“Good evening, Your Regency,” said Sheiji, bowing his head to the slightest degree.
“Good evening, Vua,” replied Sui-Tsai, still on one knee. “Won’t you be seated, we are about to begin.”
Sheiji sat and motioned for everyone else to do the same. Once again the room erupted in noise as people returned to their conversations. 
Sheiji looked around for Fa-Ying and saw him talking with two burly men. He saw his betrothed sitting on the opposite side of the room with her many ladies-in-waiting. Most of the guests were avoiding her. Though Hevana was a valuable trade partner with Imatsuro, it was considered a disgrace that Sheiji’s first wife be Hevanan.
“So, Brother,” Sui-Tsai lounged on a pillow beside Sheiji. “I trust you have made a decision?” 
“Well, I don’t know,” replied Sheiji. “What’s the name of the country anyway?”
Sui-Tsai paused a minute and decided it would do no harm now that the little king could not have council with his beloved Fa-Ying. “Nakuchi,” he replied finally.
“Why, that’s where my other betrothed is from. I do not wish to make war on them,” said Sheiji innocently. Inwardly, he was carefully watching his words. It wouldn’t do to slip up now.
Sui-Tsai blinked in astonishment. “B-but that’s ridiculous, Vua!” he managed to say. “That girl is no longer alive and you hold no ties with that kingdom. It would be no crime to wage war on them.”
“But I don’t wish it,” Sheiji whined like a spoiled child. “I thought my betrothed was very pretty and her father was nice.” Sheiji had, in truth, only seen his betrothed once and at that time she was only ten days old, and he only two.
“You are stubborn, Majesty. Please, don’t you see this is simply ridiculous? Nakuchi’s king is going to come and attack us and will most likely kill you and all the royal family if he does. You don’t want to die, do you, Vua?”
He is getting desperate, thought Sheiji. Out loud he said, “No, I don’t want to die, but I don’t think he would attack us because his daughter was supposed to marry me. Do you see? I will not sign it and you cannot make me.”
Now Sheiji was growing angry and part of his childish tantrum was real. He was tired of this man manipulating him and treating him as if he were a child.
Sui-Tsai’s face was red with fury and his eyes blazed like fire. Sheiji could tell he, too, was tired of having someone in the way of his plans.
Sui-Tsai motioned to his advisor, Sudra, who came hurrying from across the room. Sui-Tsai leaned close and whispered so quietly that Sheiji could hardly hear.
 “Tatziy nhienzoy,” Sudra grinned and quickly returned to his friends. 
Sheiji tried to look calm, but inside, his heart was racing. What did Sui-Tsai’s words mean, ‘by tomorrow evening, I will be rid of my chains.’ The chains, Sheiji guessed, were himself. How did they plan to get rid of him?
Sui-Tsai had turned back to Sheiji with an evil glint in his eyes. “So, Brother, I ask once more, will you sign?”
Sheiji thought for a moment; to refuse would mean certain death, if he could not escape. But to accept…Sui-Tsai might kill him anyway. “No, I will not sign,” he replied.
“May your death be quick,” Sui-Tsai murmured under his breath in Thánh.
Suddenly, the room fell silent again. Sheiji looked up and saw the High Priest walk through the doors. EL-Yoran marched forward to the front of the room where Sheiji sat and bowed.
Sheiji remembered what Inon had said about the priest and wondered how many others in this room wore the Purple Lotus…and how many were loyal to the true king.
“Your Excellency, Vua Sheiji-Yueng of Imatsuro,” said the priest. “Shall now be betrothed to her Highness, Princess Mirala Tluse of Sylvania, Hevana.”
Mirala stumbled forward after a little push from her interpreter. She stood shakily before Sheiji as he rose to greet her.
He noticed her large timid eyes, big and round and frightened. She looked so young and vulnerable, more like a little sister than his betrothed. She wore a green silk dress with a padded front that was designed to make her look older than she was. Her hair was coiled in her head in the manner of an older woman. She would have looked considerably older if it wasn’t for her face, which was so babyish that she only looked ridiculous in her adult clothing. She rather reminded Sheiji of a frightened mouse.
The priest began to talk, pronouncing blessings, giving warnings and sternly cursing the spirits that could possibly ruin the marriage. “May your marriage be fruitful and long,” he continued. “May her Highness’s womb never be barren, may she bare many sons. Depart all spirits of barrenness! Depart spirits which bring unhappiness and pain!” 
The priest continued. Sheiji’s legs began to grow tired of standing and the little princess’ head was slowly sinking to her chest.
“Kneel!” shouted the priest, giving each a firm rap on the head with the end of his incense burner. Sheiji and Mirala knelt and the priest switched to speaking in Thánh. 
He talked on and on in Thánh, mostly repeating what he said in Tekelonnese, but changing the words to mean the opposite of what he had said the first time, since few people spoke Thánh. “May her Royal Hippopotamus,” the word for hippopotamus was very similar to the word for Highness, “have a multitude of daughters,” the word for daughter was simply son without a “b” at the beginning, “or may her womb be ever fruitful, of nothing,” the priest whispered “nothing” very low.
Sui-Tsai snickered several times, quite unceremoniously, but his face remained solemn. Sheiji stared coldly at the priest. 
Now the priest switched to Halamán, a language known only by the priestly family, and Sheiji could only guess what curses he was pronouncing upon their marriage.
Finally, he finished. He bowed and gave Sheiji and Mirala each half a ring. It would be snapped together at the time of their marriage and only these two exact halves would match. No copy could be made.
Sheiji kissed Mirala’s hand and she bowed her head and retreated to the protective care of her ladies-in-waiting. Sheiji sat back down on his cushion.
There was still a sparkle of amusement in Sui-Tsai’s eyes as he ordered the feast to begin.
There were no courses, but the food rotated around the room, beginning with the king and his household and moving clockwise around the room. There were always slaves and servants hovering nearby to refill dishes and wine cups. Sheiji knew Sui-Tsai would have more than his share of the rice wine by the end of the night. He was known well for his drinking.
There was no chance of poisoning here, as everyone would be eating from the same dish, but nonetheless, Sheiji was wary and he had lost his appetite.
“Excuse me for a minute, Your Regency,” Sheiji mumbled and stole off to the corner where Mirala sat waiting for her turn with the food. 

Chapter 11
Sheiji looked quickly around and then said softly, “Mirala, shya,” 
She turned swiftly, startled at a new voice. She stared wide-eyed at Sheiji, “Co ma slama?”
“Sa, I speak Hevanan,” replied Sheiji in her language. “May I sit here?”
“Sa! Yes,” she replied shyly.
“Do you like the food, Mirala Tluse?” Sheiji asked.
“Sa, I mean, nu. Not very much Massu,” replied Mirala, calling him by the Hevanan word for king. “It is very spicy and hurts my tongue.”
Sheiji smiled kindly, “You will get used to it, Mirala. But for now, I shall order you something that is…how do you say it…plainer.”
“Dyamam mas, Massu,” Mirala replied.
“You can call me Sheiji, Mirala,” he told her.
Mirala smiled shyly, “Sheiyi…I would rather call you Massu; I cannot say your name. In Hevanan we have no sound such as in your name.”
“You mean the j sound?”
“Sa.”
“Sa, then you may call me Massu,” replied Sheiji.
Mirala smiled. Her translator frowned in the corner.
“Who is your translator, Princess Mirala?” Sheiji asked.
“Her name is Bina Manda. She is my cousin and she is jealous,” replied Mirala.
“Why?” asked Sheiji.
“Because…she wants to marry you,” Mirala replied. “And she would be better for you. I wish the Prince Regent had picked her instead of me.”
“Don’t you want to marry me?” asked Sheiji. “I am a king after all.”
“Nu! I do not want to marry you! I want to marry Mansa Kada!” Mirala cried. Suddenly, she realized what she had said. She looked at Sheiji as if he might cut off her head right there and then. “I did not mean that, Massu!”
“Don’t fear me, Mirala. No one would blame you for not wanting to marry me. I am a foreigner to you. You would have to leave your family, your country, everything that is familiar to you. And I am not even king, but only a child under the thumb of a regent. You would be crazy if you actually wanted to marry me,” Sheiji said. 
Mirala sighed softly.
“Who is this Mansa Kada that you love so much?” Sheiji asked gently.
“Surely you have better things to do than listen to me talk,” said Mirala. “I mean, wouldn’t you rather be feasting with your brother and all of them?”
“Trust me, Mirala. I would rather do anything than have to feast with Sui-Tsai. Talking to you gives me an excuse for getting away.”
Mirala looked sadly at the food untouched on her plate. “Mansa and I grew up together,” she began. “When we were babies we played together in the garden while our nurses, who were best friends, talked and watched us out of the corner of their eyes.” 
Mirala looked up at Sheiji. He nodded for her to continue.
“Then we got older and he left his nurse. He moved under the watchful gaze of his fighting master. You know all boys begin their warrior training at age five.”
“So young?” asked Sheiji. 
“Yes. But he was lucky even to have a nurse at all. Most boys are brought up to be tough. Some believe that if boys have nurses, the nurses will spoil them, but not his father. We are a warrior nation. We are proud of our warriors. Baby boys are practically born with a spear in their hand and a sling at their waist. So he began his training when he was five and I started mine two years later when I was five, though I was trained in home-making.”
“How old are you?” asked Sheiji.
“Ten,” she replied. “Mansa is twelve.”
“Are all girls in your country betrothed at such a young age, or only those at court?” 
“Oh, most girls are betrothed at my age, sa. Why, my friend from outside the palace is betrothed now, and she is only nine.”
“When are girls married?” asked Sheiji.
“Whenever they are ready,” replied Mirala. “Usually before they are twelve.”
Sheiji stared at her in horror.
“Is it not so in Imatsuro?” asked Mirala timidly.
“No, in Imatsuro, normal girls are not married before their fifteenth birthday. Though in the royal family it is often different,” Sheiji added. “But go on with your story.”
“There’s not much more to tell. I don’t often see him anymore, but when I do, I always get butterflies in my stomach,” replied Mirala. “But I shall never be able to marry him.”
“What if I refused to marry you?” asked Sheiji. “I could send you back and then you could marry Mansa.”
“Nu,” Mirala said without hope. “My father would never allow it. Mansa is not rich like us and there is no political benefit in a marriage with him. I am princess and he is not of royal blood. He is the orphaned nephew of the lowest lord in my father’s court. I may only marry those of untainted royal blood. His mother was a commoner and his father was the brother of the lowest ranked lord.”
Mirala looked at Sheiji. Her eyes were sadness epitomized and in the corner of each eye sat a puddle of tears about to overflow.
Then she angrily wiped the tears from her eyes and scowled at Sheiji with a mix of anger and sadness. “Oh!” she cried. “Why did I tell you this anyway? I have told no one of my feelings for Mansa before now.” 
Mirala turned away with a huff and Sheiji saw her shoulders shaking with silent sobs. 
“I’m sorry, Mirala. I did not mean to make you say what you did not wish to,” apologized Sheiji. “I suppose I was prying into things I had no business knowing.”
He attempted one more apology before she brushed him away with her hand, “Please, go.”
He turned away and let her servants attend to her. He must not think about her, he had plenty to think about without worrying about a little Hevanan princess and her troubles.
Sheiji looked around for Fa-Ying. He sat by the two burly men dressed in black tunics with red leggings and red turbans that Sheiji had seen him with earlier in the evening. A black sash was tied around the waist of the elder of the two and a white sash was wound around the other’s waist. They were the Obokan, an elite band of warriors who would bind themselves to a master and fight for his cause. 
Sheiji sauntered toward Fa-Ying and sat beside him on the long carpet strip. Fa-Ying acknowledged him out of the corner of his eye, without interrupting his conversation with the two men. “Are you willing to risk everything?” Fa-Ying was saying in a low voice.
The men had apparently not seen Sheiji, but were thoroughly involved with their conversation with Fa-Ying. “I am willing,” replied the older man, he had a serious face and a large nose that appeared flat on his face. One long knot of gray-black hair fell down the side of his face, though the rest was tucked into his turban.
“I too could be willing…for a price,” replied the younger one. The elder shot him a reproachful look. 
“Of course,” replied Fa-Ying. “All shall be rewarded when Ours is on the throne.”
“I do nothing on credit,” replied the younger man. Sheiji did not like him. He had narrowed eyes and a haughty look. He had a way that seemed to say “I am better than everyone.” and he looked down his nose at Fa-Ying.
“Perhaps we can arrange something,” replied Fa-Ying, who was beginning to feel glad he had not told these men all his plans.
“Yes,” replied the younger man.
“Now, I must see to some business elsewhere,” said Fa-Ying excusing himself. He got up and walked to a side door. Without looking behind him, he slipped through it.
Sheiji waited several minutes and engaged himself in a conversation with the man next to him. Then he too excused himself and followed after Fa-Ying.

Chapter 12
Once he was through the door, Sheiji looked around for Fa-Ying. The corridor was dark compared to the brightly lit room he had emerged from. There was no one in sight. Then he heard a whispered, “Sheiji!”
He looked toward the voice and could barely make out the shadowy figure of a man. “Fa-Ying?” he asked cautiously.
“Yes,” came the response. Fa-Ying motioned for Sheiji to step into the shadows. “What’s wrong?” Fa-Ying asked. “This is very dangerous, meeting here.”
“I know,” Sheiji whispered. “But I think they are plotting to kill me.”
“What! How do you know this?” asked Fa-Ying.
“After I refused to sign the document, Sui-Tsai spoke to his advisor in Thánh. He said, ‘By tomorrow evening, I will be rid of my chains.’ And Sudra replied, ‘of course.’ It was almost like they had a plan. I’m sure they are going to kill me,” Sheiji explained. “But I don’t know how.”
Fa-Ying frowned as he thought. “Who’s that little slave of yours?” he asked. “The new one with the pale skin.”
“You mean Rico?” asked Sheiji. “He is from Zuriel.”
“Yes, your brother gave him to you, didn’t he?”
“My brother Kano. But he doesn’t like Sui-Tsai any more than I do. He wouldn’t give me a slave that would try to hurt me,” said Sheiji.
“Still, I don’t trust him,” replied Fa-Ying. “He is too alert and he seems to care too much about you.”
“Since when has caring become a fault?” asked Sheiji.
“I mean, he seems to pay too much attention to what goes on around you,” replied Fa-Ying. “He is a spy, I’m sure of it.”
“Who were you talking to in there?” asked Sheiji.
“Some men who could become indispensible to us,” replied Fa-Ying. “Though the younger one…I don’t trust him to remain loyal. The older one is an Utonu, the highest rank of Obokan warriors. He knows how to remain loyal to one cause.”
“What are we to do about Sui-Tsai?” asked Sheiji.
“Yes, he said tomorrow night. He must act within the next 24 hours,” mused Fa-Ying. “Go back to your room. Eat nothing and drink nothing. Let no one into your room, not even your servants. I will try to bring you food when I can. If anyone says they bring something from me, do not listen to him! I will come myself or send Inon if I have anything for you.”
“What shall you tell Sui-Tsai?”
“I will tell him that you are not feeling well and have retired for the night,” replied Fa-Ying. “One more thing.” Fa-Ying untied his dagger from his belt. “Don’t hesitate to use it, Sheiji. Don’t even stop to question.”
Sheiji nodded and slipped the dagger into his belt. “What shall we do, though, Fa-Ying?”
“I have a plan. Just go and keep yourself safe. I’ll send Inon if I can.” Fa-Ying opened the door and slipped back into the party.
Sheiji started off toward his room, careful to keep to the shadows. He opened the door and two servants jumped to their feet from the corner where they sat gossiping. 
“What is Vua’s request?” asked a tall, slender servant.
Sheiji clutched his stomach as if he were ill and moaned a bit. “Leave me, Tolu. I am ill.”
“I shall bring Vua some wine to sooth your stomach?” the servant asked.
“No,” Sheiji replied. “I wish only to go to bed. Leave me, both of you.”
The other servant left, but Tolu lingered, “Vua wishes a bit of plain rice, then?”
“NO! Just leave me!” Sheiji said.
Tolu drew a dagger concealed in his tunic and made a thrust at Sheiji. Smoothly, Sheiji drew his own dagger and deflected the thrust.
Tolu tried again and again Sheiji deflected it easily. Then it became a real swordfight. 
“You are skilled for a servant, Tolu,” Sheiji grunted as pressed his dagger against Tolu’s, trying to force it from his hand.
“Perhaps I am more than a servant,” Tolu replied. He stepped back suddenly, making Sheiji stumble.
Sheiji caught himself and darted out of the way just in time to avoid a stab in the back. “Why are you doing this?”
“I’m a poor man, Vua,” Tolu answered. He smiled wickedly, “And there is good money in store for loyal assassins.”
Sheiji stepped back, pretending to be weary. Tolu rushed forward and Sheiji caught him in the stomach. Tolu sank to the floor with an agonizing scream, Sheiji’s dagger protruding from his stomach.
“I’m sorry, Tolu,” Sheiji whispered. How he hated killing. He stared gloomily at the dead body of his servant. He retrieved his dagger and cleaned it carefully. Then he dragged the body of Tolu and laid it gently outside the door. He closed the door and placed the heavy beam across it, locking himself in and everyone else out.
“Is this how it shall be to win back my throne?” he wondered aloud. “Killing, murdering, hiding behind locked doors?”
Sheiji stood at the window and gazed at the familiar layout of the city below. It was dark, but the moon was bright and Sheiji could make out the shapes of businesses and houses laid out in rows with roads running between them like a perfect grid. What was it like down there? Sheiji wondered. What would it be like to live with the city folk, out from under the eyes of servants and soldiers? What would it be like to never have to worry about poison or assassins or spies lurking around every corner? He could be so free down there among the city folk. Who would notice one more boy among the thousands that lived in Taiyunyi?
A knock came at the door, interrupting Sheiji’s thoughts. “Who’s there?” 
“Is me, Vua,” came the accented reply. “Is Rico.”
“I do not need you right now, Rico,” Sheiji replied.
“Vua, is a dead here,” said Rico.
“A what?” asked Sheiji.
“A dead,” Rico repeated.
Sheiji opened the door a crack and peeked out. A pale-skinned boy about ten years old stood with a goblet of wine in his small hands.
“A dead,” Rico repeated, pointing to dead Tolu with his free hand.
“Oh, that,” said Sheiji slowly. “Yes, I know.”
“Much blood. Why?” asked Rico fearfully. “Who kill?”
Sheiji sighed. “What do you want, Rico?” he asked, evading his questions.
“I bring wine. You sick,” replied Rico.
“Who told you I was sick?” asked Sheiji suspiciously.
Rico stared silently into the cup.
“Rico!”
Rico remained silent.
Sheiji took him by the arm and pulled him gently inside. “Who told you I was sick, do you understand the question?”
Rico shook his head.
“How do you know I was sick?”
Rico began babbling rapidly in a foreign language. Sheiji stopped him and said, “Wait, I do not understand your language. Who told you I was sick and who told you to bring wine to me?”
“Fa-Ying,” Rico replied hesitantly.
“Then…then you would not mind tasting it for me?”
Rico turned whiter than he already was. The goblet of wine fell to the ground, spilling its contents on the floor. Rico began to cry and babble incoherently.
Sheiji let him cry for a time, but finally he said, “Rico, do you know how serious this is? Do you know the penalty for poisoning a king?”
Rico stopped crying and looked sorrowfully at Sheiji with his large brown eyes. He nodded a little and wiped his nose.
“But I shall let you plead your case. If you can persuade me of your innocence, I will let you go free,” offered Sheiji. “What have you to say for yourself?”
“He made me do it,” Rico mumbled in perfect Tekelonnese. 
“Who?” asked Sheiji. Rico didn’t answer. “I don’t think I have to remind you that what you say will determine whether you live or die,” Sheiji added.
“The Prince Regent.”
“Sui-Tsai?” asked Sheiji.
Rico nodded. “He told me if I didn’t obey him, he would tell all my secrets.”
“What secrets?” asked Sheiji.
Rico bit his lip. “I have many,” he replied. “Firstly, my name is not Rico.”
Sheiji raised his eyebrows in question.
“My true name is Korin,” Rico explained. “When my mother was a girl, she was kidnapped from her home in Osaku by pirates. She was sold as a slave in a country called Zuriel, far across the ocean.”
Korin paused and looked up. Sheiji nodded thoughtfully and motioned for him to continue. “After being sold several times, she became the property of a man named Bartolomé Gonzalo. He made her his wife and then I was born. He was not kind, though. He beat my mother and his other three wives. He would not let my mother teach me about her people or her language, Tekelonnese.”
“They speak Tekelonnese in Osaku?” asked Sheiji.
“Yes,” Korin replied. “Secretly my mother would speak to me in Tekelonnese, for she wanted me to learn it. Then when I was three years old, my mother ran away from her master. We journeyed all the way to Indigo Bay where we were going to catch a ship to take us back to Osaku. It was about a hundred miles from our master’s farm to the Bay, but we made it! We found some sailors who were willing to take us home.”
“Then what happened?” asked Sheiji, thoroughly absorbed with the story.
“They found us.”
“Your mother’s master?”
“The men he hired to find us. They were searching all the boats, apparently they had been doing this for weeks, looking for us,” explained Korin. “My mother saw them coming up the gang plank, but there was no time to escape. So she handed me to a young sailor who had pitied her. She asked him to keep me safe, for, she said, my light skin would blend in with the sailors.
“The sailor agreed to keep me safe on the voyage and if anyone asked, he would say I was his little son, on my first ocean voyage. So he held me tight and we watched as my mother walked to the side of the ship and jumped into the water, never to be seen again. She would rather die than be a slave.”
Korin gazed into space with tears in his eyes. When he continued, his voice was barely above a whisper. “We made it to Osaku. I had celebrated my fourth birthday on board, though I hadn’t known it. The sailor sent me to the palace in Osaku to learn and in exchange for my lessons I worked in the kitchens.
“I fled to Imatsuro after I was accused of poisoning Tuan, the King of Osaku—.”
“Why were you accused?” Sheiji gripped Korin’s shoulder. If this boy had already poisoned someone, it was likely he would do it again.
“Because I worked in the kitchens. It would be easy for me to slip something into the king’s food. But I didn’t do it! It was another who hoped I would be killed and all suspicions of him would die. So I came here and I found a job, doing what I knew best, working in the kitchens. And here I’ve been for three years,” Korin concluded.
“But how did you become a killer for Sui-Tsai?”
“I don’t know. Somehow, he found out who I was and he threatened to tell the authorities where I was hiding if I didn’t do what he told me. He gave me to Prince Kano and told him to give me as a gift to you, Vua. My job was to spy on you and report what you did and said. That was how Sui-Tsai knew you went out every night and caught you in the hall.”
“How did you know so much? Both Fa-Ying and I were ever so careful to make sure no one was around when we left,” wondered Sheiji.
“I am small,” Korin replied. “I can hide in places you would not have looked, because you were expecting a grown man. That is why, I think, Sui-Tsai chose me. But please do not kill me, Vua. And do not tell the authorities of Osaku where I am, please. If the real killer should ever discover that I am still alive, he will kill me. He thinks I am dead, so there’s no suspicion. But if he knows I am alive, he will kill me because I know who he is.”
“I shall pardon you, Korin, just this once. But if ever you try anything again, you will not find such mercy,” replied Sheiji. “Also, in exchange of your life, you must tell me who really killed King Tuan. The next time I call for you, you must tell me.”
“Thank you, Vua. Thank you,” Korin said over and over.
“You may leave now, Korin. And do not disturb me in the morning, for I am very tired.”
“Yes, Vua. I shall go now,” Korin bowed out of the room.
“Who was that?” asked Fa-Ying, sweeping into the room seconds later. “I told you not to let anyone in here, especially that boy!”
“Fa-Ying,” Sheiji sighed. “It’s fine.”
“And what is that body! A servant tried to attack you?”
“Yes, but I fought him off easily.”
“So that boy was ordered to bring you…poisoned wine,” Fa-Ying guessed, examining the mess on the ground.
“Correct, but it was only on the orders of Sui-Tsai. He told me his whole story and I believe him to be quite loyal.”
“To Sui-Tsai maybe,” muttered Fa-Ying.
“Do you think I would lay my life in the hands of one who is not loyal to us?” asked Sheiji.
Fa-Ying grunted and then said, “Do you remember our plan?”
Sheiji nodded and Fa-Ying continued, “You leave tonight. The first place you will stay is called the Inn of the Axe. A man, known as the Woodcutter, runs it. It is in a town called Miyazu. You must be far away from here by daybreak. I will try to keep anyone from discovering you for as long as possible in the morning. They all think you are ill. When dawn breaks, you must leave the road and travel only in the dense parts of the jungle. Should you get lost, or should anything go wrong, you must find the Genji River. It runs northwest all the way to Taukama, the capital city of Jiwu. Now bolt the door and we will go.”
“Bolt the door?” asked Sheiji. “How will we leave, through the window?”
“Exactly,” Fa-Ying replied. “It will take them a while to open a barred door. And for extra insurance, we’ll push the bed against it.”
They bolted the door and blocked it with Sheiji’s heavy bed. Then Fa-Ying pulled open the large shutters and stepped back. “You can climb down the vines,” he explained. 
Sheiji went first and Fa-Ying followed. It was easy for the thin and nimble boy-king to scamper down the vine, though not quite so easy for the old advisor.
With two gentle thumps, they dropped from the vine onto the hard-packed earth below. Ever so silently, the two crept to the side gate. They didn’t even dare to whisper.

Chapter 13
Halfway, Fa-Ying stopped and motioned for Sheiji to do the same. He ordered Sheiji to remove his silken tunic, sash and slippers. From beneath his clothes, Fa-Ying pulled a peasant’s tunic and presented it to Sheiji who promptly dressed. It was simple, yet far more durable than any of Sheiji’s fine, costly clothing. It was made of black wool with a crude white border on the edge that fell to his knees and on the wide sleeves that reached to his elbows. A dull red sash was tied tightly around his waist. Beneath the tunic, Sheiji wore baggy, white trousers that tied tightly just above the ankle. On his head he wore a gray turban.
“There, now you look like a proper peasant,” Fa-Ying said as he appraised him. “Just one more thing.” Fa-Ying pulled the coronation ring from the boy’s finger and dropped it into the rough pouch that swung from his sash. He then tied the pouch tightly shut so that the ring could not fall out. “No one must see this,” Fa-Ying sternly warned. Then they continued on their silent march to the gate.
“Don’t move!” a cry rang out across the courtyard. Fa-Ying pulled Sheiji behind a decorative bush along the garden wall. “Who’s out there?” the voice demanded. “The penalty for trespassing in the king’s garden is death!”
Footsteps drew nearer to Sheiji’s hiding place. He hardly dared to breathe for fear of giving himself away. Then the feet moved past. Sheiji heard the cry for midnight as he huddled motionless.
Finally, Fa-Ying deemed it safe to continue. “Inon?” Fa-Ying whispered hoarsely as they arrived at the gate.
“I am here,” came the reply.
“All is ready?”
“The guard has been drugged,” Inon replied, motioning to the sprawled figure of another soldier. Inon turned to Sheiji, “My king.” He bowed low and kissed the dirt at Sheiji’s feet.
“Inon, please,” Sheiji reproved. After a minute he said, “You are risking your life to help me, Inon. I thank you for all you have done.”
“I would do it many times, Vua,” Inon replied, still prostrate before Sheiji. 
“Now, Vua, you must fly,” Fa-Ying handed him a pouch of water. Sheiji flung himself into Fa-Ying’s arms and hugged him. Fa-Ying was unsure how to respond, so he cleared his throat and nudged him toward the gate.
“Goodbye, Fa-Ying,” Sheiji wept.
“Do not forget your duty,” Fa-Ying called after him softly.
Sheiji put on a pair of straw sandals and slipped through the gate. He took one backward glance and saw Fa-Ying’s aged eyes resting on him lovingly. Inon knelt in the dirt, brushing a tear from his cheek. Then Sheiji was off, running as fast as his legs would carry him.
The road from Taiyunyi to Miyazu would be paved and, during the day, packed with travelers and merchants as well as a number of thieves. But at midnight, Sheiji was the only one about. It seemed to him as if he was the only living thing in the entire world.
Sheiji’s straw sandals made little sound against the road, only a quiet pat, pat, pat. To Sheiji, it seemed to be whispering over and over “run, run, run.” In an odd sort of way, it was very peaceful. The night was not too warm or too cold and the sky was clear, shining with pinpricks of light. The moon was half full, providing just enough light to guide Sheiji without giving him away.
Sheiji began panting from the run and he slowed to a jog. After a mile or so at that pace he picked up his speed and ran again. So it went, run, jog, run, jog until daylight touched the fringes of the sky. He had not yet reached the appointed town, so he ducked into the jungle where he could sleep the day away. Soon, Sheiji knew, the road would be streaming with people and perhaps soldiers, looking for him. The thought sent shivers of fear down his back, so he forced it from his mind.
When he was deep among the thick jungle foliage, he found a fallen tree and curled up against it. He took a long gulp of water and leaned back and examined the contents of his pouch. In it, much to his delight, he found several large rice balls and a sticky mass of dates. He ate half the dates, savoring each one, and then he ate some of his rice and saved the rest for evening. When he had finished those, he curled up against the tree trunk and fell immediately into a deep sleep.

When Sheiji awoke next, it was twilight. The air was still hot and humid from the sun’s rays, but it began to cool rapidly. Sheiji took another long drink from his water bag. He found that he was ravenous with hunger and ate the remaining dates and another ball of rice. 
Then, Sheiji turned toward the road that led to Miyazu. He had no trouble finding the road and when he did, he found few travelers about at the late hour. As he watched on the roadside, still concealed in the dense brush, he noticed a boy, roughly his own age, walking backwards and munching on a handful of figs.
Sheiji couldn’t help but grin. The boy seemed as if he had not a care in the world. It did not appear that he had any desire to get anywhere or do anything, for he continued in his backwards way until he passed Sheiji and walked out of sight.
After this, Sheiji stepped out onto the road. He did not have far to go. He would make it to Miyazu well before dawn.
Sheiji was worried that he would catch up with the backwards boy and have to answer his questions, but he needn’t have worried. He never saw him all that night. Perhaps, Sheiji thought, he was a peasant boy who lived in the jungle nearby. 
The night was quiet and he talked to himself from time to time. That had always been a habit of his when he was lonely and Fa-Ying had tried to break him of it many times.
Once during his walk, he thought he heard footsteps in the jungle beside him, but when he turned to look, he could see nothing. All the same, after that, his hand never strayed far from his dagger concealed in his tunic. He continued to throw nervous glances into the jungle on both sides of the road. He knew that robbers and cutthroats roamed at night and Sheiji had no desire to meet one.
Sheiji arrived at the city gates just before dawn. Peasants were already lined up half a mile down the road, waiting for the gates to open with the sun’s rising. They carried or carted fruits, vegetables and other wares to sell in Miyazu.
Sheiji pushed through the crowd until he was somewhat near the gate when the guards threw them open. The people began streaming in, but more soldiers pushed them back shouting, “One at a time. Show your face, and state your name and business,” cried one soldier. The first peasant stepped up, pronounced his name and said he was selling rice in Miyazu.
Sheiji tugged on the sleeve of a man standing beside him, “Do the guards always do this?”
The peasant shook his head, “The king has been kidnapped,” he replied. “They’re searching for him.”
Sheiji panicked. What would he say to the guard? Would he be recognized? He looked no different from any of the peasants, except for his eyes, which were rounder and lighter, thanks to his mother from Jiwu. 
“Name!” the guard demanded. “You, peasant boy!” 
Sheiji realized the guard was talking to him. “Sh—,” Sheiji froze; he had nearly said his true name. His mind raced. What was a common name? “Kitu,” he finally stuttered.
“And your business in Miyazu?” asked the guard.
“I’m…visiting,” Sheiji replied, hoping that the guard would accept his explanation.
“Oh, for the Festival of Kipchi, the goddess of knowledge?” asked the guard. “There’s to be a parade tomorrow morning at dawn to honor her. I mean to go myself, unless this stupid business of searching for a kidnapped king continues.”
Sheiji started to move on, but the guard stopped him. “Say, how would you like to trade clothes tomorrow and be paid two ched an hour while I watch the parade.” He smiled kindly. “We’re about the same size. How old are you?”
“Almost seventeen.” Instantly Sheiji regretted his words, why had he told the truth to this soldier?
“I am eighteen; we could pass for one another, how about it?” the guard asked. He truly seemed serious. “Two ched an hour is a lot of money. I would be back to trade with you before we change the guard. That’s eight ched.”
Sheiji shook his head, “My family…they would not understand,” he argued.
“Why not? Just tell them you’re going out with some friends,” the guard said.
Sheiji shook his head again. A shout came from behind him in the crowd. Everyone wanted to know what was holding up the line. With a sigh, the guard waved Sheiji on. Sheiji too, sighed, but his was a sigh of relief. Now all he had to do was find the Inn of the Axe and the man who ran it, the Woodcutter.

Chapter 14
Sheiji walked down a side street, looking for the sign with a picture of an axe. He found it with little difficulty and walked around to the back. After looking about him carefully, he knocked on the stout wooden door. It was rough and splintery, not as fine as the front door, but Sheiji thought there could be no stronger door in all of Imatsuro.
Sheiji heard the bar being drawn back and then the door creaked open. A slim man with a scar on one cheek opened it and peered suspiciously at Sheiji.
“Sir, I bring you news!” Sheiji cried, thinking quickly. “The cygnet in the city pond has grown into a swan.” Since swans were thought to bring good luck to the city where they lived, peasants often provided ponds and places of safety for them to nest in.
“Indeed, lad?” the man asked. “It is good news. A grown swan may have less predators than a cygnet. The Falcons shall not hunt forever.” The man artfully dropped a little charm on the floor and bent to retrieve it. Sheiji saw it was a white lotus flower over a purple lotus.
Sheiji lowered his voice. “You are the Woodcutter, then?”
“So I am called,” the man replied. “Come, young Swan, I will take you to a room where you can rest.”
The Woodcutter opened the door wider and Sheiji slipped inside. He followed his host past the kitchen door and down into the cellar. Sheiji thought it was only an ordinary cellar, until the Woodcutter pulled back a wall panel to reveal a small room. In it was a straw pallet, a small table and a chamber pot. Otherwise it was empty.
“I wish I could give you more, Vua,” the Woodcutter said, closing the panel and bowing low before Sheiji. “I am not a rich man, Vua, but I shall give you what I can, and most of all, I give my loyalty. When the time comes to fight for your throne, Vua, I shall give you my life.”
“Thank you, Woodcutter,” Sheiji replied, “for your trustworthiness and your help. Even this simple pallet is like a featherbed to me after sleeping in the jungle. You know you are in great danger, sheltering me like this. The guards are already searching those entering the city and soon, I fear, they will begin searching houses.”
The Woodcutter bowed his head, “My life is forfeit, I know. But I would rather die by the hand of a soldier, Vua, knowing I have served you, than die a natural death knowing I have not. I was worried you would not get past the soldiers, but your disguise is good. Very good.”
“That is thanks to my advisor, Woodcutter,” Sheiji replied. It was becoming more difficult for Sheiji to keep his eyes open, and the Woodcutter noticed it.
“Forgive me, Vua,” he apologized. “You must be weary. I will bring you food and then you can sleep. I will wake you at dusk.”
Sheiji nodded and the Woodcutter slipped back out. Sheiji removed his sandals and his turban and sat cross-legged on the bed.
The Woodcutter returned with a large bowl of spicy lamb stew and rice. Sheiji thanked the Woodcutter and asked him to sit. “No, Vua, I dare not,” the Woodcutter replied, eyes wide. But Sheiji insisted and finally, the Woodcutter sat.
“You said I would leave at dusk,” Sheiji began while eating ravenously, “But the gates are closed at dusk. Wouldn’t it be wiser to leave before supper with the peasants? I could get past the guards much more easily.”
“No, Vua, no. I know a secret exit through the city wall. Almost no one knows about it and it is never guarded,” the Woodcutter explained.
Sheiji smiled, “Good, that is better I suppose.” He finished his supper and returned the bowl to the Woodcutter. With one last bow, the Woodcutter exited the room. Sheiji lay down and before he even had a chance to think over the recent events, he was asleep.

Sheiji opened his eyes. He was in a dark room, very empty and quiet. It took him a moment to remember that he was at the Inn of the Axe. He sat up and his stomach rumbled audibly.
There was a soft knock on the panel and the Woodcutter entered with another bowl of lamb stew. He held a torch, which lit the small room nicely. The Woodcutter bowed low before Sheiji and presented the food. Sheiji once again told him to sit while he ate.
“Were will I go next, Woodcutter?” Sheiji asked.
“To the home of one called the Bear, Vua,” Woodcutter replied. “His home is in the village of Kayamatsu. You should easily make it in one night.”
“How will I know his house?” Sheiji questioned.
“Over the window there is the skin of a sun bear,” replied the Woodcutter. “You will speak the code as you did to me.”
Sheiji nodded as he licked his bowl clean. The Woodcutter gave him a small ball of rice and a hunk of cheese, which Sheiji slipped into his pouch for the road.
“If you are ready, Vua, I will take you to the wall,” the Woodcutter offered.
Sheiji slipped on his sandals and wrapped his turban around his head like Fa-Ying had showed him. “I am ready,” he replied resolutely. The Woodcutter moved the panel, darted a quick look to the left and right, and motioned for Sheiji to follow.
The inn was deserted; everyone was either in bed or in the front room drinking until they fell unconscious on the earthen floor. The streets were equally quiet; no one would dare to step out of their houses after dark, for thieves and cutthroats ruled the night. With the exception of a stray dog, a mangy cat and several well-fed rats, they met no one. Even the soldiers, it appeared, feared for their lives at night.
After winding through the dusty streets for some time, they reached the wall. The Woodcutter stopped, lit a torch and began to search among the vines that grew thickly along the rough, stone wall. Sheiji heard him grunt as he pushed back the weeds and jerked open a high window in the wall. Sheiji wondered what such a window could be for. It only served as a means to let enemies into the city, as far as he could see…or fleeing kings out, he thought to himself.
“Many years ago,” the Woodcutter whispered, “the governor of Miyazu caused this escape to be made and hidden in the city wall. He feared for his life because he would not give his daughter in marriage to your grandfather’s youngest brother. He planned to flee should an order for his death be written. It never was, for a more beautiful girl was found and both the governor’s daughter and this window were forgotten.”
“Lucky for us,” Sheiji replied. He placed his foot in the Woodcutter’s cupped hands and the Woodcutter hoisted him to the level of the window. He slithered through the window, which was nearly wide enough for him to sit up in, and turned himself about so that he would land feet first. “Thank you once again, Woodcutter,” he said just before he let go of the still-warm stone and dropped nearly ten feet to the ground below.
Sheiji sat quietly on the ground, catching his breath, which had been pounded out of him by the fall. He looked around to get his bearings. He was on a patch of green turf. Ahead of him was more of the same lush grass in rolling hills and deep valleys. The road rose and fell with the terrain, a gray snake through the green grass.
“Well?” Sheiji stood and shuffled to the road. There were no trees in this part and nothing to shelter him should a late-night wanderer happen along. But it had its high points too; as much as it would not shelter him, it couldn’t shelter thieves and murderers either. But Sheiji didn’t know which he feared more; being killed by thieves or being killed by his brother’s soldiers.
The moon came out and the stars began to dot the indigo sky like one of Sheiji’s royal robes. He could have enjoyed it more though, if he had not been fleeing for his life.

Chapter 15
The village of Kayamatsu was small. There were, perhaps, only a thousand villagers. With so few inhabitants, it was not deemed necessary to build a wall. Who, in their right mind, would see any gain in attacking a village of one thousand?
Since there was no wall, there was no way for soldiers to possibly question every person who entered or left the village. Nonetheless, they stood on the main road strictly examining all who entered. Sheiji crouched beside the road, hidden from the soldiers, though still with a good view of them. He could sneak around the road and enter from the meadow; but that would involve a mad dash across an open field. If he were caught, it would only arouse suspicion.
As Sheiji watched and thought about what to do, the soldiers took two lighter-skinned men away for further questioning. So Sui-Tsai is getting desperate, is he? Sheiji thought to himself. If those men were taken on suspicion, wouldn’t they arrest him too?
In the end, Sheiji decided to take his chance with the soldiers on the road. Blending into the small crowd that had formed, he tried to think up an excuse. Surely “visiting friends” wouldn’t work in such a small place as Kayamatsu.
“You, boy,” a rough man jostled him. “How’d you like to earn an oba carrying this load of manure?” He laughed gruffly and pointed to the smelly basket on his back. “For the gardens,” he explained.
It was the perfect excuse. An oba wasn’t much, but who would bother a manure boy with questions. If he kept his head down in shame—a manure spreader was one of the lowest of slaves—no one would even see his rounder eyes and lighter complexion.
“I’ll do it, Sir,” Sheiji agreed. The man seemed taken aback, but gratefully transferred his reeking load to Sheiji’s back, threw him several coins and directed, “Bring it to the north edge of the village as soon as you’re through.” Then he pushed ahead. Sheiji had a clear path to walk in up to the soldiers; everyone stepped aside to let him and his load pass.
“Ha, manure boy,” taunted one of the soldiers. “Is that a gift for your girlfriend? She must be a chamber pot scrubber!” The other soldiers found this uproariously funny and the first spat at Sheiji’s feet. “Get out of here before you defile us all,” he hollered with a kick. Hiding a grin, Sheiji hurried past.
After delivering his smelly load, Sheiji continued onward in search of the Bear’s house. It was later than he had wished and the sun was fully up before he found the window hung with a bearskin. A young man answered the door, smiling until he smelled Sheiji.
“Oh, get. We don’t need manure here. Go on before you defile us all!” the man hollered. When Sheiji didn’t leave he asked harshly, “What do you want, you filthy bit of garbage?”
“I know of a cygnet which is growing into a swan. I could bring him to your village and it will bring you luck,” Sheiji said.
At his words, the man’s eyes grew wide and he would have fallen on his face there and then had not a neighbor passed at that moment. “I know the Falcon shall not hunt forever, so bring him to our village. But come in and eat breakfast with us first.” As he spoke, Sheiji saw the man’s lotus charm flash in the sunlight.
Sheiji stepped inside. It was a cheery little house with many colorful paintings of their many gods and goddesses. Toys made of wood, metal and clay littered the floor and more lay half-assembled on the table near the window. 
The man, who must be the Bear, led him past a cooing baby and a gawking toddler into the back of the house. There, he removed a rug, opened a trapdoor and led Sheiji into the dark opening. Sheiji wondered silently if he would have to live in holes all the way to Jiwu.
“Oh, forgive me, Vua,” the Bear begged. He pressed his forehead to the ground and breathed in the dirt of the underground chamber. “I did not know who you were, Vua, or I would never have said that.”
“You are forgiven because of your ignorance,” Sheiji replied. “But be kind to the next manure boy you meet. The profession saved me from being recognized at the entrance to the city.”
“I will, Vua,” the Bear replied wholeheartedly. “Should I bring you your breakfast?”
“Yes, though it is rather supper to me,” Sheiji smiled, all formalities gone from his voice. “We will talk when you have returned.”
The Bear bowed again and pulled himself up through the hole. Sheiji took a look around. The underground chamber was dug out of the dirt, and wooden beams held up the floor above. The room was as large as the entire house above ground, though only tall enough for Sheiji to sit comfortably or stand bent over. It was not much better furnished than his room at the Inn of the Axe, though it was decorated with as many pictures as the upstairs. There was no table, but the bed was especially spacious and a candle burned brightly beside it.
“Vua, please accept my humble food,” the Bear had returned carrying a bowl of steaming rice. An onion and a bit of cold chicken sat on a plate. “I wish we had more to give, but I am a toy maker, and it is not a wealthy profession.”
“Whatever you can provide is acceptable,” Sheiji replied. “I’m so hungry that even a bit of cheap brown rice could taste like the finest, freshest white rice cake ever made.”
After a few mouthfuls, Sheiji asked, “Will you wake me at dusk, then?”
“Yes, Vua, at dusk I will wake you and see you off,” the Bear said. “And…if you would give me your clothes…my wife could have them washed by nightfall.”
Sheiji grinned, “Thank you, sir.” He removed his smelly tunic and handed it to the Bear who held it as far away from himself as he could and carried it up to his wife. 
Sheiji finished his food and laid the dishes aside. Then he curled up on his bed and fell asleep.

This pattern continued for more days than Sheiji could remember. After the first few nights, he had decided that it was safer for him to travel during the day and sleep at night like normal people. In a crowd, he would not be singled out by soldiers or thieves. Sometimes he reached his destination in one day, but more often he had to sleep in the jungle or find a safe place to curl up for the night. When he left one lodging, he was given directions to the next; but he was never told anything about where he would go after that. It was safer if no one knew more than their own part and the part of one other in the escape of the king.
Though soldiers guarded many of the cities, Sheiji somehow managed to get past every one. Sui-Tsai had spread the rumor that Sheiji had been kidnapped, rather than that he had fled for his life. There were many imagined descriptions of the kidnapper thought up by the people, but no one was actually condemned for the crime. Sheiji wondered how long Sui-Tsai would play at this game before he declared himself king.
The summer was fading into fall and soon the rainy season would begin. Sheiji hoped to be in Jiwu before that, but one could never be certain, he thought. Sheiji found himself enjoying his flight. He learned more about the ordinary people than Fa-Ying could ever have hoped to teach him. He almost wished he could stay on the run forever.

Chapter 16
Sui-Tsai had found him! He was being chased through a dark jungle in the dead of night. Sui-Tsai was shouting for him to stop. There was shouting and pounding; someone screamed, but it wasn’t Sheiji. He was caught! Sui-Tsai held his arm in a fierce, iron grip. Sheiji struggled, but the grip held tight. Now Sheiji screamed and a hand clamped over his mouth.
“Vua, quiet!”
Sheiji awoke from his dream in a sweat. His host in the city of Kan-Yu was beside him, pressing a rough hand over his mouth to keep him quiet. But it seemed as though the dream continued. Above his head, Sheiji heard shouting and the sound of splintering wood. A woman screamed.
“Vua, you are betrayed,” his host whispered in a panic. “You must fly from here, young Swan. In the west wall of the city behind the tanner’s house is a sewer drain. You must squeeze through that and meet me in the jungle behind the tree that looks like an ‘H.’ You can’t miss it.”
“Where do I go next?” Sheiji asked. He was already up and dressed.
“No time,” his host replied. “I’ll tell you at the tree. Now hurry, Vua. I’ll distract the soldiers and you slip out the back door. Go!”
Sheiji and his host fled up the stairs. Sheiji darted to the back door while his host ran to reinforce the door against the soldiers. The door swung inward and Sheiji’s host was knocked to the floor.  Sheiji ripped open the back door and slipped out. He turned only once and what he saw made him sick. His host lay face down on the floor, blood welling from a dagger wound in his back. With a wail, the wife knelt beside him and fell on his lifeless body as another soldier cut off her head.
Sheiji fled: through the dark streets, past a yowling cat, past an indifferent beggar trying to get some sleep on the rough, cold pavement. He followed his nose to the tanner’s shop and, as his host had said, found the sewer drain. It ran off into a man-made lake outside the city gate. The drain was just big enough for Sheiji to squirm through.
Without regard to his own cleanliness—he had hauled manure after all—Sheiji stuck his head through the drainpipe and shoved his feet against the cobblestones. His shoulders stuck and his tunic tore on the rough stone of the pipe. Sheiji winced as the stone grated his shoulder.
Then his shoulders were through and he wormed his waist and legs out. With a splash, he landed in the dirty lake. He thanked the gods for being the youngest prince and thus having had the freedom to learn to swim with the city children in the Genji River. He did a somersault in the water for joy at being alive and swam to the shore.
He lay dripping in the moonlight for a long moment, catching his breath. There would be no meeting at the tree and no directions to the next house. Sheiji panicked. How was he ever going to get to Jiwu now? He had no directions, no friends and no food or water for his journey.
“He couldn’t have gotten out,” said a gruff voice, alarmingly close to Sheiji. “The gates are closed and the walls are too high to climb, even if a kinglet could climb.”
“The General told us to search out here and I’m not about to disobey his orders,” replied a second man in a melodic voice, too pretty for a common soldier.
Sheiji looked around and spotted the two men near the wall. From their position, they shouldn’t be able to see him, but if they really meant to search, Sheiji would be discovered in an instant.
“What about the sewer?” asked the second man.
“No. Too small,” replied Gruff Voice. “Come on. We’ve had a look around; we can tell the General that he’s not here.”
The second man hesitated, but agreed after a while and followed Gruff Voice. Sheiji sighed and scrambled to his feet.
“Halt!” cried Gruff Voice, “There he is!”
Sheiji didn’t even turn around. He tore off toward the cover of the jungle ten yards away. He heard the clatter of men in armor behind him and the two soldiers hollered for reinforcements. But Sheiji, with the benefit of being dressed in his weightless black tunic, gave him an advantage over Sui-Tsai’s soldiers; fully armored in their white livery with the purple lotus emblem on their breastplates, and lugging curved swords at their waists.
Soon Sheiji could no longer hear the clangs and angry shouts behind him. The only sound was his own labored breathing. He sat with his back against a tree to rest. He didn’t dare sleep for fear that the soldiers would catch up with him eventually. But despite his best efforts, his eyes began to droop and he fell into a restless sleep, dreaming of soldiers and traitors and blood.

Chapter 17
Sheiji awoke long after dawn the next morning. He scolded himself for sleeping and got groggily to his feet. He had no idea where he was. The mad dash through the jungle the night before had confused his sense of direction. If only he could find the Genji River he could make his own way to Jiwu.
Sheiji tightened the sash around his waist to ward off his hunger. He knew that one could live for several days without food; not very comfortably, but he could at least live. The main importance was to find water, principally the Genji River. 
With a worried sigh, Sheiji began to walk. He tried to focus his attention away from his empty stomach and onto the beauty of the jungle around him. He spotted a bright red and yellow bird perched on a vine, singing a soft tune. Sheiji whistled back. It squawked at him before returning its song. Then Sheiji fell silent. 
By noon, Sheiji could think of nothing but his hunger. At first he tried to satisfy it by thinking of all the good food he used to eat when he was at the palace. He found that that only made him hungrier, so he gave it up. Then he tried to tell himself that he had already eaten a large meal: steamed rice, lamb stew, spicy chicken and fried vegetables…that didn’t work either. Sheiji wondered if he had ever truly known hunger before.
All day he walked, and the next, and for two more days after that. Through dense forests where brush scratched at his legs and thorns pierced his feet through his sandals he trudged; across wide and sunny meadows where the sun beat down upon his black tunic and drenched him with sweat; wading through mud ponds that, though bringing temporary relief, left him wetter and stuck with leeches when he reached the other side. Flies buzzed around his arms and shoulders where the sewer drain had scraped them raw and bloody. But nothing was so unbearable as the hunger. Though the gnawing in his gut dulled after the first two days, it was ever present. At night he curled himself into a tight ball and only the exhaustion of the day’s march allowed him to fall into a sort of dreamless sleep.
Occasionally, Sheiji came across some edible-looking plant, but he dared not eat it, no matter how hungry he was. He wished Fa-Ying had taught him about plants, but this incident had not been in the foreseen plan.
On the fifth day, Sheiji came to a road. It was fairly large and congested with travelers as well as merchants. Sheiji was no longer concerned about anyone recognizing him. He no longer looked like a pampered king, but rather like a shabby peasant boy. He had always thought himself fairly thin, but now he was even more so. His leg muscles had grown stronger and his face, which had always been a lighter complexion, was tanned as dark as a common Imatsuran. He had thrown aside his useless and worn straw sandals several days ago—after first contemplating eating them—and his feet had begun to harden as he traveled over rough terrain.
Sheiji fell in with the crowds flooding into the gates of a distant city. He listened to the talk and learned that the city ahead was called Shijotsu. It was a large city with half a million people, nearly as large as Taiyunyi. Today was market day. In reality, every day was market day, but today was an especially large market day, which accounted for much of the traffic. As in Imatsuro, no carts or wagons were allowed into the city from seven to noon and from two to six, the two busiest times of the day.
“Have you heard the news?” a man asked Sheiji. He looked as if he had a great secret to tell.
“What news, sir?” Sheiji asked.
“The king’s dead,” the man replied unfeelingly. It was clear, though, that he enjoyed gossiping with people about this grave news. “The Prince Regent’s soldiers found his body in the jungle. They say he was strangled to death.”
Sheiji shuddered. Had he not run fast enough, the news might have been true. “Who did it?” Sheiji asked, playing along.
“Kidnappers,” the man replied. “That’s what His Regency said.”
“And what reason do you have for believing the Regent?” asked another voice beside Sheiji. His voice was low and emotionless.
The man shrugged and moved on.
“Don’t believe everything you hear, lad,” the second man said. “Not everyone can be trusted. Remember that.” Then he, too, was swallowed up in the crowd.
Sheiji entered the city and sought out the market. He had made up his mind to do something he never thought he would ever do under any circumstances. He was going to steal. No more than was necessary, of course, only a bit of rice or a peach to satisfy his hunger until he could find an honest way to get food.
The market was a new experience to Sheiji who had never seen one except from a balcony window or under the cover of darkness. He marveled at the color and variety! From silken scarves to valuable jewelry; from uncooked rice to overcooked rice for making rice cakes or rice balls; from melons to oranges to plump, juicy dates and figs; from earthen pots to brass kettles; the sights made Sheiji’s head spin and the smell of food reawakened the sharp pains in his stomach.
As sneakily as he could, Sheiji crept over to a food stand selling rice cakes and fruit. When he was close enough, he made a quick dash, grabbed a handful of whatever was in his reach and pulled back. The vendor shouted for the authorities and soon three soldiers were hot on his tail. Whereas Sheiji might have escaped them in the jungle, the city was a different matter. He had experience with dodging trees, vines and jungle undergrowth but the maze of streets and noise confused him and he knew he was as good as caught.

Chapter 18
As he stood panting at a busy intersection, the soldiers coming nearer by the minute, he felt someone grab his arm. Before he could react, he was pulled along by a barefoot, scruffy boy who darted through the streets as easily as if they had been empty of inhabitants.
The boy never let go of Sheiji, though he shifted his hand to hold Sheiji’s. He led Sheiji down one street, through an alley and down a different street as if he had traveled this same path in frantic flight a thousand times. Several times they stopped, but only for a minute to listen for their pursuers. 
Sheiji stared in wonderment as the boy scaled the wall of a house and sat grinning on the roof, which like most houses in Imatsuro, served as an extra living space. The boy motioned for Sheiji to follow. When he didn’t, the boy stretched out his hand and hauled Sheiji up. Then he ran across the roof and leapt the three feet that separated this house from the next. 
Sheiji looked doubtfully at the gap, but did as the boy did. He barely reached the next house. The boy scoffed and continued on his running and leaping pattern across the row of houses. Sheiji followed reluctantly. They had lost their pursuers a long way back and by now the boy seemed to be enjoying himself immensely.
Finally, Sheiji’s rescuer stopped and slipped through an impossibly small crack in the roof. Sheiji inserted his legs through the crack and let himself slip through. Before his flight from Taiyunyi, Sheiji would not possibly have fit, but now he slid through easily. He landed on the floor of the house with a thump, to the amusement of the boy who had saved Sheiji from the soldiers.
“Welcome to my abode!” the boy said grandly. He grinned gleefully.
Sheiji peered around the dark house. The door and windows were nailed tightly shut. The only light came from the crack in the roof above their heads.
“It was the home of a witch,” the boy said.
“A witch?” Sheiji asked, jumping up and backing away from the boy.
“Yes,” the boy replied indifferently. “But don’t worry. I’ve lived here a long time and nothing has happened to me yet. It’s all fool’s talk and stories to scare the children.”
Sheiji sat down nervously. After a minute he said, “Thank you for rescuing me. They would have caught me if you hadn’t helped me.”
“I’ll say!” the boy snorted. “What did you mean going up to a shopkeeper and grabbing cheese right from under his nose? Some might call it bravery, but I call it foolishness. You haven’t been on the street for very long, have you?”
“Not…not exactly,” Sheiji replied, hanging his head.
“Well, you either have or you haven’t. Which is it? And don’t hang your head like a criminal.”
“I haven’t,” Sheiji said. Then for good measure, he added, “And I haven’t eaten in five days.”
The boy laughed but his eyes held something of compassion, “Well, go ahead and eat your prize. I’m not stopping you.”
“Do you want some?” Sheiji offered him a mass of squished rice.
“Not in that state I don’t,” the boy answered smartly. “I’ll dare say you’re hungrier than I am, though.”
Sheiji ate his food, trying in vain to make it last. When he had finished, his stomach was only half full. After a moment of consideration, the boy took two peaches from his bulging sash—they were only slightly bruised—and offered one to Sheiji while he munched on the other.
“I can see you’re going to need someone to look after you for a while,” the boy said, thoughtfully sucking his peach. “Someone needs to make sure you get fed and clothed, and someone needs to keep you out of reach of the soldiers.”
“I can take care of myself,” Sheiji said sullenly.
“Sure you can. Fine, don’t bother with me. Go out there and get arrested by the soldiers and dragged to prison and maybe even let your neck decorate the gallows.”
“Well, maybe I do need your help,” Sheiji confessed.
The boy smiled, “And what do you have to give me in return?”
“What do I have?” Sheiji echoed. He could think of a million things he used to have: power, money, food; but all that was a part of his old life. All he had now was the clothes on his back and his coronation ring, as well as his two engagement rings.
“Yes, I can see you don’t have many worldly possessions, but what skills do you have?”
“I can read,” Sheiji offered hopefully.
“No good,” the boy replied. “What else? You don’t know how to steal, but can you work? Do you know any trades?”
“No.”
The boy sighed. “I guess I’ll have to take you on and hope something turns up. Now, what’s your name?”
“Kitu,” Sheiji replied. “What’s yours?”
“Matsuyo. Call me Suyo if you like.”

Chapter 19
“How long have you been living on the streets?” Sheiji asked Suyo.
“As long as I can remember,” Suyo replied with a shrug.
“What happened? I mean, how did you become a street boy?”
Suyo stiffened and looked offended. Then he said, “I suppose you wouldn’t know.”
“Know what?”
“We, meaning most of us boys, have a law—.”
“Street boys have laws?” Sheiji laughed. “How absurd.”
Suyo didn’t smile, “We have many laws, Kitu, and you’d best learn and obey them. We have a law, or rather an agreement if you’d like to call it that, which says that no boy shall ask another boy any question about his past. If he does, and if the other chooses to answer, the other gets to ask any question of the first boy. Do you understand?”
“So if I ask you a question, then you get to ask me anything you like?” Sheiji asked.
“A question about my past,” Suyo corrected. “The same goes for me. But I expect that you will ask questions to learn our way of life. If you ever want to survive, you’ll learn to ask questions or figure things out for yourself.”
The words of the man on the road into Shijotsu suddenly appeared unbidden in Sheiji’s mind, “Not everyone can be trusted. Remember that.” Perhaps this street boys’ law was a good idea. It kept anyone from discovering the real identity of “Kitu.”
“Why do you have this law?” Sheiji asked.
“You?” Suyo scoffed. “You mean ‘we.’ You’re one of the boys now too.”
Sheiji’s cheeks burned.
“Many of the boys are here because they ran from their homes. To many of us, the streets are better than parents who beat us or starve us or work us to death. For others, their parents are dead and they have nowhere else to go. And for still others, it is simply a life of adventure. 
“I’m not saying that street life is easy. I’m not saying we never go hungry or are never cold. And I’m certainly not saying that we never get caught and beaten. But if you can learn, if you’re quick on your feet, if you’re tough and willing to risk a few beatings; you’ll survive and maybe even enjoy life,” Suyo explained. “If you’re ready, we’ll go out and I’ll teach you a few things.”
Sheiji wasn’t sure what those “things” would be, but he nodded. 
“The first thing to teach you,” Suyo began, “is how to get out of here.” Suyo reached for the crack which was only a foot above his fingertips and jumped, grabbing hold of the edge and pulling himself up by his strong arms. Sheiji doubted that he could ever do that.
“Now it’s your turn,” Suyo said, peering down from above. “Just do what I did. You’re almost taller than I am.”
“I can’t pull myself up like that,” Sheiji replied.
“You didn’t try.”
Sheiji stretched his arms and jumped. He caught the edge and hung there, too weak to pull with his arms. “I can’t,” he said and dropped to the floor.
“Very well, stay here and starve,” Suyo shrugged and pretended to walk away.
“Wait,” Sheiji called after him. Again he tried to pull himself up, but failed. He tried twice more, each time getting more and more frustrated. Finally, Suyo dropped back down beside him.
“This is the only time I’m going to help you,” he warned. He cupped his hands and Sheiji put a bare foot into them. With a grunt, Suyo heaved upward and pushed Sheiji halfway through the crack. Sheiji wormed his legs through and was up. 
Suyo climbed up behind him. “You’ll learn to do that if you want to survive,” he said. “Follow me.”
Suyo peeked over the low wall of the roof to the street below. Then he motioned Sheiji to follow him. As nimbly as a cat, he leapt from building to building. Sheiji followed the best he could, but Suyo often had to stop and wait for him to catch up. When they finally came to the last house in the long row, Sheiji was panting for breath. Suyo looked hardly winded.
“You’ll learn in time,” Suyo consoled Sheiji. “It takes a lot of this sort of running to get you into shape. But you’ll be able to do it soon. Now, we’ll go down from here.”
Suyo stood on the ledge of the house and dropped. He landed and rolled, jumping to his feet as soon as he hit the ground. It was so quick and so natural, that Sheiji hardly saw it. “When you land, try not to land on your feet. You can break an ankle by landing like that,” Suyo explained. “Now, you try it.”
Sheiji took a tentative step towards the edge and stepped over. He felt himself falling. Then he hit the ground with a thud, as ungracefully as possible. The breath was knocked out of his chest and he lay still for a long time.
Finally, Suyo prodded him, “Up, Kitu. A shop owner is chasing you and he’ll catch you if you lay here like this.” 
“What?”
“Make believe,” Suyo replied. “But if there really was someone chasing you, you wouldn’t stand a chance. I have more to show you now.”
“I hope it’s less painful,” Sheiji muttered under his breath.
“I will not teach you to steal until you can get away quickly,” Suyo thought aloud. “For now, we’ll concentrate on climbing, running, leaping and falling.”
Sheiji sighed.
For the rest of the day, Suyo and Sheiji wandered the city. Suyo taught Sheiji all he knew about street life. Sheiji was more than weary by the time they returned to the empty house that Suyo had turned into his home. He was covered from head to toe with bruises and scratches. His muscles ached and his belly rumbled for food.
“Stay here, now,” Suyo commanded him. “I’ll be back in a while with our supper.”
“Don’t leave me,” Sheiji mumbled, half asleep. For a moment, Suyo’s expression softened, and then he turned and disappeared through the crack in the ceiling.

Chapter 20
Thus was Sheiji’s life. Over the next three months, Suyo taught him everything he knew about survival. Sheiji became nearly as adept as Suyo at climbing buildings, leaping from walls and running through crowds. He was competent at stealing, but he preferred to let Suyo do it, and Suyo had no problem with that. They traveled from city to city. When they grew tired of one, they moved to the next.
At first, Sheiji thought daily about Fa-Ying and Sui-Tsai and his kingdom and his flight. Sheiji managed to work his way in a more or less northerly direction each time they moved on. As time went on and as he became more accustomed to this new way of life, he began to dislike his weighty responsibility. He felt guilty that he had not arrived in Jiwu as he was supposed to. But he rationalized that he couldn’t possibly have done anything differently. He told himself that he would go to Jiwu and reclaim his throne, but he must first learn how to live like the street boys. The guilt was shoved down temporarily, only to resurface later, stronger and more terrible than before.
It was impossible to forget it completely, but Sheiji could now go a few days without thinking of his journey. He had found a wonderful friend in Suyo, who, though often strict and reserved, could be very kind and friendly when he wanted. As they lived together longer, Sheiji began to see more of Suyo’s friendly side. There were times, usually when their bellies were adequately filled, that Suyo would open up and speak as Sheiji had never heard him speak. But there was always something distant in Suyo’s manner, something inaccessible and mysterious.
One night, Sheiji and Suyo sat by a small fire in an abandoned house. They had just finished off a pot of rice and lamb stew, stolen from a careless vendor, and were lounging lazily while watching the dancing orange flames.
“Do you ever feel guilty, stealing so much, Suyo?” Sheiji asked.
Suyo didn’t answer. Sheiji repeated the question to him, but he continued to stare into the flames. At last he replied, “Yes, but how else are we to survive? I don’t have a trade and I can never hope to become an apprentice. I have no parents, no family at all that I know of, and no money. What would you have me do?” Suyo’s voice was soft, “Did you think I chose this life?”
“I didn’t know what to think. You said some street boys are running from their parents or just want adventure…”
“Yes. I said that. I suppose you couldn’t have known,” Suyo replied. “Since I told you how I am here, it would only be fair for you to tell me about yourself.”
“I suppose,” Sheiji said slowly, “that I am running away from things at home. My parents are dead and my brother is cruel and would be rid of me.”
“So you ran away,” Suyo said. He shook his head slowly. “Was it so bad at home?”
“He wanted to kill me.”
“Why would he do that?”
Sheiji paused, “My father had an inheritance. He left it to me, but my brother believed it was rightfully his. That is why.”
“Would you teach me to read and write, Kitu?” Suyo asked Sheiji.
“If you like,” Sheiji replied. “Tomorrow.”

Sheiji’s seventeenth birthday came and went, and still he made no progress towards Jiwu. He had nearly forgotten about his journey and no longer had any desire to be king. He was content to run the streets with Suyo: eating, sleeping and traveling whenever he pleased. They had been traveling quite a lot lately, not staying in one city for more than a week.
One afternoon, Sheiji and Suyo stood watching a parade of soldiers. Their white tunics all had a purple lotus embroidered on the left shoulder and they wore long, curving swords, easily accessible. It had been a while since Sheiji had seen such a group of soldiers as that. The last time he could remember was when Imatsuro was at war with a neighboring country.
“Where are they going do you think?” Suyo asked.
Sheiji had a gnawing suspicion, recalling the paper he had almost signed after Sui-Tsai had announced the arrangement of the betrothal between Sheiji and Mirala. Perhaps Sui-Tsai had at last declared war on Nakuchi.
The soldiers stopped and one stepped forward. He held a large scroll in his hands. It covered his face, so Sheiji could not get a look at it, but the man looked strangely familiar.
“Attention people of Imatsuro!” the man began to read. His voice, too, was familiar. “We have made a thorough search for our dear king, Sheiji-Yueng, who was kidnapped seven months ago. As he has not been found, and no ransom asked, we can only assume that he is dead. Thus, it is my rightful duty as oldest son of the late Vua, Kawa-Matsu, to take the throne in place of Sheiji-Yueng, and become the next king of Imatsuro. It is with deep sorrow and solemnity that I do this. May the blessings of the Royal Family be upon you. Signed, His Imperial Majesty Sui-Tsai’vua.”
The man lowered the scroll and Sheiji could see his face clearly. True, he had changed. He was older and sported a new black beard, but his expression remained the same. It was Inon. 

Chapter 21
Inon lifted his eyes and they met Sheiji’s in the crowd. Sheiji ducked his head, but it was too late. Inon’s eyes widened, then he turned abruptly and walked back to the line of soldiers. Sheiji sighed with relief; he too had changed. It was possible that Inon had not recognized him. All the same, Sheiji thought it would be best to leave.
“Let’s go,” he whispered to Suyo and darted through the crowd that had gathered to hear the exciting news. He did not stop running until he reached their temporary hideout, a cave just outside the city. When he reached it, he found that Suyo was not behind him. So he sat down to wait.
Sheiji was not surprised at the news. In fact, he wondered why Sui-Tsai had not declared himself king much earlier. He was not angry. He was actually a bit relieved with the false security that he no longer had to continue his journey to Jiwu. The people had a king; what did it matter if it was Sheiji or Sui-Tsai?
Sheiji’s conscience began to bother him. He knew that it did matter. He knew that the Kingdom would fall to pieces if Sui-Tsai were king. He knew that he had a duty to his people to protect them from ruthless tyrants like Sui-Tsai. But Sheiji refused to acknowledge his responsibility. He didn’t want to give up his carefree life for the responsibility of a kingdom.
Suyo did not return until long after dark. Sheiji was awake and waiting for him, “Where have you been? I told you to follow me?”
Suyo looked warily at Sheiji, “I tried, but someone grabbed me. It was that soldier fellow who read the proclamation.”
“What did he do?”
“He asked where you had gone,” Suyo replied. “I told him I didn’t know you, but he didn’t believe me. He took me to their camp for questioning. I didn’t tell them where we are staying, though.”
“Good. Thank you, Suyo.”
“Was that your brother?” asked Suyo hesitantly.
“No. Just a friend who wants to find me,” Sheiji replied.
“To bring you back to your brother?”
“No, to make me fight for my inheritance,” Sheiji said.
“Do you want your inheritance?”
“I did at first,” Sheiji sighed. “But now, I do not. I would rather live out here where I don’t have anything to worry about except how to get my next meal or where to sleep at night. If I claim my inheritance, I’ll have slaves and people to care for and a thousand other things to do.”
“That’s not what this life is, Kitu,” Suyo said. “It’s not a place to hide from responsibility. You can’t run from your troubles all your life or you’ll turn out like a different boy I once knew. He ran and ran and one day his past caught up to him. You have to face your life. You have to face your fears.”
Sheiji shook his head stubbornly, “They don’t need me. Let my brother have the inheritance. I don’t care.” Suyo opened his mouth to speak, and then closed it again. 
Slowly and deliberately, Suyo rolled out his blanket and spread it neatly on the ground as he did every night. Without removing his turban, he lay down. “I don’t like cowards.” He turned his back to Sheiji, rolled up in his blanket and fell asleep. 
Sheiji lay awake thinking. Suyo’s words stung. Was he a coward? He wasn’t afraid to return, he just didn’t want to. That didn’t make him a coward, did it? 
He heard a noise at the cave entrance and drew his dagger. He had not needed it often, but he practiced and was even better than when he had left his palace. Sheiji sat up and tiptoed to the opening. He saw a movement off to the side and his reflexes took over. He jumped and had the dagger at the intruder’s throat in less than a minute.
“Vua? Sheiji?” the voice cried out in a loud whisper. “Please take the knife away. It’s me, Inon.”
“So I see,” Sheiji replied coolly, keeping the dagger at Inon’s throat. “What do you want?”
“I was looking for you,” Inon replied hurriedly. “Where have you been?”
“That doesn’t concern you. Why do you look for me?”
“Everyone thinks you’re dead. When you didn’t arrive at the next house, we thought Sui-Tsai’s soldiers…” Inon trailed off. “But you’re alive, Vua!”
Sheiji slowly drew his dagger back. He did not return it to its sheath inside his tunic, however. “No. Vua is not alive. Only Kitu is. Go home and leave me be.”
“Vua, please!” Inon begged. “Why did you not go to Jiwu?”
“Sui-Tsai’s soldiers made me lose my way. I would have died of starvation had it not been for the boy you tortured tonight to find out where I was. How did you find out? He said he didn’t tell.”
“There are other ways, Vua,” Inon replied softly. “Will you go to Jiwu now?”
“No. I do not wish to be king. Sui-Tsai is king, not I.”
“Do not say such a thing!” Inon cried. “You are king, and you cannot deny it. It is not something you choose, but something you are born into. You were born to be king, don’t you understand? From the moment your father set eyes on you, he wanted you to be king. Why? Because he could see it in you. He could see that you, Sheiji-Yueng, have what it takes to be a gracious king. Sui-Tsai? Never.”
“I am no longer Sheiji-Yueng. I am Kitu, the orphaned street boy. I am not royal. I am not a king. I am a street beggar brat. I am nothing!” Anger made Sheiji’s eyes hot. He didn’t know why he was angry. Maybe because Inon was right and he didn’t want to believe it.
“The people are oppressed. We’re fighting wars with everyone. Taxes have doubled. Murders have become commonplace in the palace,” Inon said in a low voice. “It will only get worse. Sui-Tsai is ruthless. He will bring Imatsuro to ruin. I don’t want that.”
“Then why don’t you become king and fix it?” Sheiji cried. “You’re Kawa’s son, too.”
“Where is your lotus charm?” Inon asked.
Sheiji removed the charm from his sash where it was hidden and thrust it angrily at Inon. 
Inon took it reverently and held it up to the moonlight. “You see it is your destiny.”
“Just because Fa-Ying made up a charm of a white lotus over a purple lotus, does not mean I’m king.”
“Fa-Ying did not make it up,” Inon looked surprised. “It was foretold at your birth that you would one day overcome a powerful foe, though he be a close relative, and that you would bring about the golden age of Imatsuro with your justice and wisdom. It is said that after this prophecy was told, a maid noticed a white lotus blooming from the same plant as a purple lotus and that became your insignia.”
“How do you know all this?” 
“Fa-Ying sent me to look for you. He feared you had given up on your kingdom. I see he was right. I did not believe it, for I thought you were a trustworthy man, Sheiji. Maybe I was wrong.”
“You would never have spoken to me this way in Taiyunyi,” Sheiji growled.
“True. But I have changed too. I’m willing to risk your wrath if it might get you back on your throne.”
“What do I gain by becoming king,” Sheiji asked.
“You are not king to gain anything, but to do service to your people. You have a duty, Vua.”
Sheiji stared at the dagger in his hand.
“Sui-Tsai has arrested Fa-Ying,” Inon said, breaking the silence. “He’s in the dungeons. Now that Sui-Tsai is king, he could have Fa-Ying executed.”
“What!” Sheiji cried. “Executed?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll go,” Sheiji whispered. “I’ll go to Jiwu and get help. If only for Fa-Ying.”
“Thank you, Vua. I will do what I can to keep him safe while you go,” Inon replied. He bowed to the ground and kissed Sheiji’s feet. “My loyalty is with you, Vua. I’ll die for you if I must.”
“Go back before they catch you out,” Sheiji said. Then he turned and marched inside the cave.

Chapter 22
“Suyo! Matsuyo! Wake up now!” Sheiji demanded, hastily dressing and tucking away his belongings.
“Kitu,” Suyo replied irritated. “Why did you wake me?”
“I’m facing my past. Are you coming or staying?”
Suyo grinned, “Coming, of course. I don’t think you could survive for a day without me.”
“I’ve no time for jokes. Pack up and let’s go.”
It did not take long to pack a blanket and a pouch of food and the two boys were on the road within fifteen minutes. Sheiji wanted to run, but Suyo insisted they walk at a steady pace to conserve strength.
“Why’d you change your mind?” Suyo asked.
“I met the man who questioned you. He told me one of my friends was in trouble. I must go back, if only for his sake,” Sheiji replied.
“Where are we going?”
“Taukama, the capital city of Jiwu. I will get help there. Then we must go to Taiyunyi.”
“That’s where you live?”
“Yes.” A sudden thought struck Sheiji, “What will you do when I’m home?”
“What do you think I did before you came along? I’ll be all right,” Suyo assured him.
“I’ll miss you though. You’re the only friend I have out here,” Sheiji said.
“You’ll be all right too,” Suyo said. “You lived without me.”
“Suyo, how long have you lived on the streets?”
“I never knew my parents. I’ve lived on the streets all my life. Fifteen years.”
Sheiji laughed, “Why, you could be a prince. Maybe your parents were a noble duke and duchess and you were lost while they were on a picnic.”
Suyo grinned, “Bow to me, peasant! I am Prince Matsuyo of the Picnic.”
Sheiji made a mock bow to Suyo, “My prince, it is an honor that such greatness as yourself should stoop to walk with a wretch like me.”
“You’re good,” Suyo commented. “I suppose you don’t have such luck. Since you knew your parents, I mean. It wouldn’t be possible for them to be royal.”
“Right.”
“Who are your parents? Don’t you think I should know a bit about you if I’m going to travel with you and help you face your life?” Suyo grinned.
“I don’t think you’d like to know,” Sheiji said, gnawing nervously on his lower lip. “Besides, if you ask me who my parents are, I can ask you a question. Remember the ‘law?’ “
Suyo sighed, “Sure.”

Sheiji sat near the fire half asleep. It had been a long day of walking and they were now only a day away from Taukama. Suyo had gone out to find some supper after Sheiji had returned empty handed.
Sheiji saw a glint, like light reflecting off a bit of metal, and his hand went instinctively to his dagger. A man sprang from the shadow of a tree. He had a sword in one hand and a dagger in his belt. He moved with liquid movements and was dressed from head to toe in black. He reminded Sheiji of a slim, black panther.
The man raised his sword and brought it down toward Sheiji’s neck, but Sheiji was ready. His dagger clashed against the sword and the man jumped back in surprise. Sheiji used this time to spring to his feet, almost as nimbly as the man.
“They said you were good,” the man growled. Then he attacked again. It was not a wholehearted attack and Sheiji guessed he was testing Sheiji’s reflexes. The man made several false attacks before he swung his sword expertly, trying to catch Sheiji off guard. But Sheiji saw him brace his legs and his dagger met the sword with a defiant clang.
“Who are you?” Sheiji asked, attempting a blow on the man’s unprotected shoulder.
“They call me Mèo,” the man replied, deflecting Sheiji’s blow.
“Amusing,” Sheiji answered, now making a thrust at the man’s knee. “Tekelonnese for cat. It fits.”
“Exactly,” replied Mèo, blocking the thrust and aiming one at Sheiji.
“What’s your real name?” Sheiji questioned.
“Yaben-Oshin,” Mèo smiled.
Sheiji paused at the name. Everyone had heard of Yaben-Oshin; the notorious Obokan assassin whom no one could apprehend; the famous swordsman who had defeated his teacher at the age of ten; the catlike creature who could scale a ten foot wall and leap off the same wall, landing unhurt below.
Mèo too, used his opponent’s hesitation to his advantage. Sheiji saw the blade coming, but was too slow to stop it. He dodged, but felt it graze his arm. Blood welled from the long scratch.
Now the opponents fell to business. There was no more testing, but they watched each other like hawks. Once, Sheiji heard his name called, but was too intent on his onslaught to look up.
“Who put you up to this? Sui-Tsai?” Sheiji asked.
“Who else.”
“I thought he believes me dead.”
“Ha. How could you be dead? His soldiers never found you,” Mèo replied. “And all the better. Now I get to finish you off.”
“Not likely,” Sheiji replied as he swung his dagger towards Mèo’s head. Mèo leapt into the air and did a summersault. He spun and came down hard. There was a crack, like a tree branch breaking and Mèo lay still. Sheiji walked cautiously over to him, unsure if it was a trap. Mèo looked up at him, stunned. “It seems like it’s over for me, huh?”
“That’s right, Yaben-Oshin,” Sheiji replied. “You have finally been vanquished!”
“But things are not always what they seem, Vua!” Mèo rolled over and swung his sword. Sheiji felt nothing as it cut through his stomach as smoothly as silk. He fell to the ground and Mèo jumped up in triumph that ended with a groan of pain as he crawled away from Sheiji.
Sheiji looked up to see Suyo watching nearby. “He got away,” Sheiji mumbled.
“I don’t think so, my lord,” Suyo replied as he knelt beside Sheiji. He removed his turban and began ripping it into shreds to bind Sheiji’s wounds. 
Sheiji stared at Suyo. His black hair, now uncontained, fell to his knees in a thick braid.
“Suyo. You’re—.”
“A girl, yes.”
Then darkness closed around Sheiji, sucking him into unconsciousness.

Chapter 23
Sheiji drifted in and out of consciousness. Several times he called for Suyo who came immediately to his side. He burned with heat and shivered with chills. His mouth was dry and his tongue choked him. Sheiji did not know how long he was feverish. 
Sheiji awoke to voices. His mind was clearer than it had been at other times.
“This is the one?” asked a deep voice.
“Yes,” Suyo’s voice replied. “I know him only by the name of Kitu, but I heard the man call him Vua.”
“Yes,” said the deep voice. “He has the same eyes as Yukoshi.”
“I would not know, my lord,” Suyo said.
“Yes, it is who you say,” the voice replied. “But will he survive his wounds?” Sheiji moaned in pain as the man probed his stomach.
“We will take him to the palace. We’ll take him in the litter,” the man said. Sheiji felt himself lifted and settled back onto thick pillows. If it weren’t for his pain, Sheiji would have been extremely comfortable. He could not say how long he rode in the litter, for he fell once again into unconsciousness.

Sheiji’s fever finally broke and he opened his eyes to find himself in a luxuriously furnished room. His bed was draped with red silk. The pillows and mattress were made of goose feathers. Gold, silver and precious gems decorated the room.
The door opened and a middle-aged man stepped in. He wore a purple tunic with gold embroidery. “You are awake at last,” he said, sitting beside the bed on a golden chair. “We almost feared that the fever would take you.”
“Who?” Sheiji’s mouth was still dry. The man held a cup and Sheiji gulped the water. But he had no strength and even that little effort wore him out. He lay back on the pillows gratefully and closed his eyes.
“I am Naro, King of Jiwu,” the man replied. “Also your uncle. Your mother was my full sister.”
“Then you are the one who will help me get my throne?” Sheiji asked, eyes wide now.
“Yes.”
“How long have I been ill?” Sheiji asked.
“For six days,” King Naro said.
“Six days! I must hurry. Sui-Tsai will kill Fa-Ying. I cannot let it happen!” Sheiji struggled to sit up, but King Naro pushed him back down.
“You cannot help him unless you get strong. Now you must rest and regain your strength,” King Naro said.
“But—.”
“No, Sheiji. You will rest, by order of the king. Do you understand?”
Sheiji closed his eyes and he was soon asleep, despite his feeling of desperation. 

“Where did Suyo go?” Sheiji asked the next time King Naro visited. 
“Suyo?” King Naro asked. “Oh, the boy who came to find me when you were hurt? He left as soon as he saw you would live.”
“Did he say where he was going?”
“No. But he left you this,” King Naro took a piece of paper out of his robe. 
“What does it say?”
“I have not read it, but I can read it to you if you like.”
“I’ll read it,” Sheiji said, taking the letter from the king. His strength was returning more and more every day. In a rough scrawl was written:
Kitu. gooDbye. I wIl nOt See you aGEn. Do not bee aNGre AT me fOr lEvINg, bUt i Cud not STa. i HOp yoU Becum kINg. Matsuyo.
When Sheiji had first discovered that Suyo was a girl, he had not been able to truly comprehend it. He had been faint with pain and loss of blood, and the revelation did not surprise him. Now, however, as he lay in bed with nothing better to do, he thought about this turn of events.
Looking back, Sheiji could think of several peculiarities that could be explained by the fact that Suyo was a girl, such as her never removing her turban, even when she slept. But why had she dressed like a boy? Why did she hide? 
Sheiji reread Suyo’s letter. Would he ever see Suyo again? And why had she left him? Sheiji wished she had never discovered who he was. She was probably angry that he had kept such a secret from her. Yes, that was it. It must be it. Why else would she leave?

Chapter 24
Sheiji had much time to think while he lay recovering in bed. Mostly he thought about Suyo. He turned it over and over in his mind until his head ached. He found himself wondering what she was doing at that moment. As he ate his supper, he worried about her getting enough to eat. He tried to recall every moment he had spent with Suyo. Every conversation they had had. Every lesson she had taught him. But he had taken it for granted. Now she was gone.
As the pain in his body subsided, the pain in his heart grew. He was lonely for Suyo’s company. He longed to hear her voice, even a scolding voice. He wanted to be free to flee from pursuers with her by his side. He wanted to climb the highest buildings with her. He even found himself wanting to help her climb those buildings, though she was ten times better than he. Sheiji did not know why he felt this way until he talked it over with King Naro who had immediately diagnosed him as being in love, though Sheiji had scoffed at the idea and laughed at the utter ridiculousness of it all. 
King Naro had become fond of Sheiji over the weeks. He told Sheiji about his mother and about their childhood. Sheiji soaked up every story. He had never known his mother and his father was either too busy or too sad to tell Sheiji about her.
King Naro’s physician declared Sheiji well enough to get out of bed nearly two months after he first arrived at his uncle’s palace. Sheiji had felt well long before this, but the physician refused to let him out of bed a day earlier than necessary. But there was still more to do before Sheiji could reclaim his throne. His illness had left him weak and he began rigorous training to improve his strength.
If it had not been for Suyo’s teaching and Sheiji’s life on the streets, it might have taken him longer to brush up on his skills. As it was however, he was ready after only two weeks. During this time, and the time wasted while Sheiji was sick, King Naro had been gathering his soldiers and forming an army. It would be ready whenever Sheiji was, King Naro declared.
The day finally arrived when the army marched out of Taukama. King Naro’s son, Ariuk, and Sheiji rode side by side at the front of the company. King Naro, as old as he was, had stayed home to rule and sent his son to aid Sheiji. After the two would-be kings came King Naro’s three generals. The rest of the column was divided into regiments, each with their own colonel. In all, there were about 3,000 troops.
The plan was for Sheiji, Ariuk and a hundred skilled fighting men to attack the palace, working their way inside and locating Sui-Tsai and Tamé. The remaining troops were back-ups in case the plan failed. Sheiji sincerely hoped they would not be needed.
“What will you do with Sui-Tsai and Tamé once you catch them?” Ariuk asked.
“I haven’t decided yet,” Sheiji answered softly.
“You have the right to kill them, you know. They’ve committed treason and the punishment for that is death,” Ariuk answered.
“But they are princes and they are my brothers,” Sheiji said. He shook his head, “I hate to kill them…”
They rode in silence for a while. Then Ariuk said, “I’ve only known you for a few weeks, but I think you’ll make a good ruler. Do you know why?”
“Why?”
“I don’t think any king has ever lived among the common people like you have. You know what they think and what their struggles are. You aren’t just a pampered prince,” Ariuk said.
“I suppose.”
“But my father once told me, that being a king is not only about being kind and merciful. You must also be just. Sometimes that involves killing traitors and punishing law breakers,” Ariuk said wisely. “It is hard for me. I will one day be king, but I do not like to punish people. That is why my father told me that.”
Sheiji nodded, “Your father is wise. I was never very close to my father because I was the youngest. I never got much of a chance to learn from him.”
Again they were silent, each lost in his own thoughts.

“My lord, there is a messenger to see you,” Mura-Tada, one of the three generals bowed to Sheiji. They had made camp for the night on the outskirts of a small village.
“From whom?” Sheiji asked.
“Your spies in Taiyunyi.” General Mura-Tada lowered his voice.
“Ah. Send him in,” Sheiji commanded. He was dressed in a loose tunic and trousers. He found them more comfortable than the traditional long, robe-like tunics of the rich. Though he had given up his turban, he insisted on wearing his peasant dress. It was simply logical. No one could run or climb or jump in a robe!
The messenger walked in and fell to his knees before Sheiji, kissing the ground in reverence.
“What is your name, soldier?” Sheiji asked, motioning for the messenger to rise.
“Bourtai, if it please you, Your Majesty,” replied the messenger.
“Bourtai? That means ‘cygnet,’ doesn’t it? Of course, the cygnet is now a swan,” Sheiji replied. He had decided to continue using this as a means of recognizing friends.
Bourtai stared at Sheiji blankly, then his face cleared and he mumbled, “And the falcon will not hunt forever.” He showed Sheiji the lotus charm.
“How are things coming in Taiyunyi?” Sheiji questioned.
“All is ready, Vua,” Bourtai replied. “Your humble servants have made arrangements for you and your soldiers to enter the palace. The guards on duty for that night are loyal to you. You will arrive on schedule?”
“One week from today,” Sheiji replied. “What are Sui-Tsai’s forces? Does he have an army? Has it reached him that we’re on the move?”
“He does not yet know who you are, only that there is a large army from Jiwu that appears to be invading Imatsuro. He has gathered an army of 5,000 and they hope to cut you off at the crossing of the Genji and Charanaro Rivers.”
“Hmm. That’s sooner than I thought. We’ll be there late tomorrow or the day after. I wonder, is it possible to slip past? Bourtai, do they know our numbers?”
“No, Vua. Only that there is an army. Their spies are not well informed,” Bourtai replied.
“Good. I shall perhaps speak with you more about that, but now, is there a message from the soldier, Inon?”
“Yes. He said to tell you that Fa-Ying is still alive, but not well. He said to remember your duty and the prophecy. He said you’d know what he meant,” Bourtai said.
“Yes,” Sheiji smiled. “I won’t forget. Anything else?”
“He has a plan to trap the two princes, but he wouldn’t tell me what it was. He said he would see you when you arrived in Taiyunyi and he would tell you then. He said not to let anything stop you from your journey. That’s all.”
“Thank you, Bourtai,” Sheiji said gratefully. “You may take your rest. I will call you again later.”
“Of course, Vua,” Bourtai answered. “My life is yours.”

Chapter 25
“We are trying to avoid all out battle if possible, correct?” asked General Ammar. They sat in council early the next morning and discussed the news that Sheiji’s spy had delivered the night before.
“Yes. We do not have the numbers to fight a major battle,” Sheiji replied. Of course they had foreseen that Sui-Tsai would send an army to stop them, but they had not planned on it happening so soon. They had, after all, crossed the border of Jiwu and Imatsuro only yesterday.
“Then it would be best to avoid the Crossing of the Rivers. That much is obvious,” said Ariuk. “Where is that spy?”
“Here, my lord,” Bourtai spoke up.
“Your name is…Bourtai?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Very good. Do you suppose this could be a trap, Bourtai? They might say they are cutting us off at the Crossing but they are really waiting along the Charanaro,” Ariuk suggested.
“It is possible, my lord,” Bourtai replied, thinking hard.
“Then perhaps it is best to go straight through the Crossing of the Rivers and take the chance,” Sheiji replied. “Whatever we choose to do, there is a risk of battle.”
“True,” agreed General Hano. “If there is an equal risk, we might as well take the shortest route to Taiyunyi and that would be through the Crossing. If we went a different route, we would also have to deal with the problem of finding a place shallow enough to ford. Most places in the Charanaro are too deep and swift for even the cavalry.” 
“Bourtai, you said they have five thousand men at arms. How many would join our forces, do you think?” Sheiji asked.
“In the midst of the battle?”
“Yes. Would they be likely to turn traitor on Sui-Tsai?”
Bourtai’s brow wrinkled, “Sui-Tsai rules by fear. Fear makes quick friends, but it does not make loyal ones, Vua. Even still, they may be too frightened of punishment to desert.”
“If I could somehow win them over,” Sheiji thought aloud. “I have an idea. We’ll need more soldiers if we want to win the battle. Forgive me, Ariuk, but your father’s army is not the most skilled.”
General Mura-Tada hid a smile.
“What’s your idea, Sheiji?” Ariuk asked.
“It’s a secret,” Sheiji replied. “We’ll be staying here for the rest of the day.”
“Vua?”
Sheiji just smiled and dismissed the group.

“Omrin, bring me some dirt!” Sheiji called to his servant. 
Omrin appeared from around the corner looking worried, “Dirt, Vua?”
“Yes, please.”
“Where do I get ‘dirt,’ Vua?” Omrin asked doubtfully.
“Try outside,” Sheiji laughed. “Don’t worry, I’m not going to hurt myself.”
While Omrin fetched dirt, Sheiji looked for an older tunic and trousers. It was difficult, since all his clothing was newly gifted from King Naro, but the dirt would help.

Within the hour, Sheiji stood in the center of the village. In his dirt-stained peasant’s clothing and white turban he looked no different from the villagers. Omrin had not been happy when he discovered what Sheiji was about to do. He had threatened to tell all three generals as well as Ariuk if Sheiji didn’t “stop this nonsense.” In the end, Sheiji agreed to let an armed guard follow him as long as he stayed out of sight.
Sheiji spotted an old woman hobbling to the village well. It was as if no one even saw her, the poor woman. She was so frail and her back was bent nearly double, but no one stepped forward to help her.
Sheiji deliberately walked up to her and took the rope from her wrinkled hands. “I will help you, Grandmother,” he said, using the term of respect for old women.
The woman looked surprised for a minute, and then smiled widely. She had lost all her teeth. “You’re a good boy,” she croaked as Sheiji followed her back to her house with the full bucket of water. 
Sheiji laughed inwardly and wondered what she would do if she knew who he really was. “Grandmother?” he said once they were inside her small, stone house. “Could I ask you something?”
“Wait, wait,” the woman replied. “You sit here,” she offered him a stool. Sheiji, in regard to custom, refused and sat on the floor. The woman ladled out some boiling water into two teacups already filled with crushed tea leaves. Then she took two rice cakes from near the fire and offered them to Sheiji. He took one and told her to eat the other. 
Once the tea had finished steeping, the old woman sat opposite from Sheiji on the stool. “What did you want to ask me, child?”
“You’ve been around a long time. You might even remember when Kawa first became king,” Sheiji began.
“Yes,” the woman smiled. “I was nine years old. My parents took my brothers and me to Taiyunyi to watch the coronation. I still remember the look on his face. He was so proud, yet kind, I think.”
Sheiji nodded in agreement, “Why do you suppose he chose his youngest son to be his heir?”
The old woman sat silently, staring into the flames in the hearth. At last she spoke, “He was destined from birth to be ruler. So said the prophecy. He had what it takes. He had the blood.”
“So you do not think Sui-Tsai should be king?” Sheiji asked.
“That is a dangerous question, child. Do you wish to have me hanged?” the woman asked. Then she sighed, “But I have lived a good life. I will tell you what I think.”
“Wait a moment, Grandmother,” Sheiji stood and walked to the door. He shut it against prying ears.
“Sui-Tsai should not be king,” the woman began when Sheiji had sat again. “His taxes will destroy Imatsuro. There are some who wish him to be king in their hearts, but the rest of us follow in body only. He is not like Kawa. He cares nothing for the poor except to exploit them. He wants war and money.” The woman shook her head slowly.
“Do you believe that Sheiji-Yueng is dead?” Sheiji asked softly.
“Sometimes I don’t know what to believe,” the woman replied. “I am sure, though, that he was not kidnapped. Either Sui-Tsai had him murdered or he fled for his life. If he fled, I pray he survived and will return to reclaim his throne.”
“Will you help me, Grandmother?”
“What?”
Sheiji stood, “I am Sheiji-Yueng, Grandmother. I’m on my way to Taiyunyi to reclaim my throne. Your prayers have been answered.”

Chapter 26
“How can I help you?” the old woman asked after Sheiji had told and retold his story three times.
“We need soldiers to fight Sui-Tsai’s army. Any willing, able-bodied man will be appreciated. But I will not force anyone into service. Anyone who does not wish to come along and fight may remain here,” Sheiji explained. “I thought you might be able to point me in the direction of some loyal subjects.”
The woman beamed, “To think I am actually helping the King of Imatsuro regain his throne. I am honored, Vua, to serve you.”
With that, the old woman began to rattle off a list of names which Sheiji had trouble remembering. He finally had her lead him to the town leaders who then assembled all the inhabitants and announced to them the wonderful news.
“Your king is alive! This is Sheiji-Yueng, the rightful King of Imatsuro. All who wish to follow him to Taiyunyi, to battle and maybe even to death will step over here.”
“How do we know he’s the king and not a pretender?” asked one man.
Sheiji’s guard stepped instinctively nearer to Sheiji, but Sheiji motioned him back. “You are wise to question my identity. I certainly don’t look like a prince.”
The crowd laughed at this.
“But see here,” Sheiji held out his right hand. He wore his coronation ring on his right hand. “This is the Ring of Kings, given to me by my father, King Kawa, on his deathbed.”
“He is the king,” the old woman cried. “I believe him.”
“If you believe him, then I believe him,” the man nodded. “I’m willing to fight for you, Vua.” He stepped over to the side where the town leader had directed. Most of the able-bodied men followed him.
“Wait,” Sheiji called out. “I do not wish to be responsible for the death of fathers. All those who have families must remain here.”
“That would be most of us, Vua,” a man hollered. “How will you fight the Usurper with young boys and old men?”
“Please may I speak, Vua,” a middle-aged woman spoke up.
“You may, madam,” Sheiji replied.
“I am married and have three small children, but I would rather be widowed because my husband died serving his king, than have him safe at home for the rest of my life,” the woman spoke. A cry of agreement rose from the crowd.
“Thank you,” Sheiji replied. “Your loyalty means much to me. All who wish to follow me may. Bring whatever weapons you have. We leave at sunup tomorrow morning!”

Sheiji sat atop his horse and looked over the sea of men who gathered expectantly around him. He had been picking up men from every city they passed and all who came did so out of loyalty only. Now they were nearly to the Charanaro. They did not know what forces they would meet there. They did not know if they would even need the army.
“You will all wear your armor and weapons today. We’ll march prepared. We can stand battle against Sui-Tsai unless we are taken by surprise. That must not happen!” Sheiji cried out. “Be on your guard. Report anything you see to your division commander. Am I clear?”
The men shouted a collective, “Yes.”
“Then onward! We go to the Throne!” Sheiji cried, spurring his horse into a trot. The men let out a yell that echoed off the walls of the river gorge. They were eager for action and hungry for battle.

“Generals, call your men to halt,” Sheiji commanded. They stood on the bank of the Charanaro, a raging river half a mile wide. A bridge spanned it. It was an architectural phenomenon. It was wide enough for four horses to walk side by side. Strong, granite arches held the bridge fast in the swirling river.
On the east horizon ran the Genji River, nearly as wide as the Charanaro, though not as swift. It was a perfect trap: bound in on the north and east sides. An army could come from the west and south, completely blocking off their escape and forcing them to fight. Of course, there was the bridge, but Sheiji’s army could not all escape across it in time to avoid battle.
“What do you think?” Sheiji asked Ariuk and the three generals.
“Everything seems quiet,” replied General Ammar.
“Too quiet,” added General Mura-Tada. “There should be birds and small animals about. I hear nothing.”
“Our army might have scared them away,” Ariuk suggested.
The five sat in silence on their horses, as they wondered what to do.
“We’ll cross,” General Mura-Tada commanded. “General Ammar will go first. Sheiji, you and Prince Ariuk will follow with your bodyguard. General Hano will go next with his division. My division and I will bring up the rear. Should there be an army waiting on the other side Sheiji and Prince Ariuk must escape with their bodyguard. I will not have either of you getting killed.”
“I will not leave you and the men to fight a battle that I am not willing to fight myself,” Sheiji replied stubbornly.
“Nor will I,” Ariuk replied just as strongly. “If my subjects and Sheiji’s are willing to die, than so am I.”
“But if either of you die, your countries are doomed,” General Mura-Tada argued.
“If we refuse to fight, our countries are doomed,” Sheiji replied. “Loyalty and admiration must be won by doing dangerous things. No one wants a king who saves his own skin.”
“Vua, listen. If you are killed, your brother will rule. Better that you save your life and lose a bit of admiration in the process than that you die and ruin Imatsuro with your brother’s rule.”
Sheiji didn’t reply, but he was counting on fighting with his men.
The generals gave the command and the soldiers began filing over the bridge. Sheiji sat atop his horse watching with nervous anticipation. Would there be an attack on his men? Sui-Tsai’s chances were running out. He must act soon or risk the army escaping.
At last the time came for Sheiji and Ariuk to cross the bridge. Sheiji’s hand never left the hilt of his sword, a gift from his uncle, King Naro. All was quiet. The only sound was their horses’ hooves on the wooden bridge. Sheiji felt uneasy. As the last horse in the bodyguard stepped off the bridge, Sheiji heard a shout and saw the reason why.

Chapter 27
“Horses!”
Sheiji heard the thundering hooves of an army of horses. He saw the flash of metal on helmets and drawn swords. He heard the battle cry.
“Go, Ariuk. You needn’t die for me,” Sheiji cried as he drew his sword and spurred his horse to the front of his army. He was vaguely aware that Ariuk had not obeyed him and followed at a distance.
“My lord!” General Ammar noticed Sheiji riding in the front lines.
“I will not leave, General,” Sheiji replied. “Tell the men to ready their weapons for battle, but do not attack until I give the command.”
“Yes, my lord,” General Ammar sighed. He wheeled his horse and shouted to the men.
The enemy army drew nearer and nearer still. The wind caught the army’s banner, revealing the Purple Lotus. It was Sui-Tsai’s army, as Sheiji had suspected.
“Where is our standard bearer?” Sheiji cried, looking around.
“Here, Vua!” the boy, younger than Sheiji, hollered back and raised Sheiji’s banner higher. His was the White Lotus over the Purple Lotus. 
“NOW!” Sheiji cried. He spurred his horse forward again, leading the charge. His soldiers cried triumphantly at the sight of their brave, young king leading the dangerous charge. Sheiji had been right, the people respected him all the more for the danger he put himself into.
The two armies grew steadily nearer to each other. Sheiji heard the sound of battle behind him and looked to see the other two Generals with their divisions engaged in fierce battle across the river. Sheiji shivered. They must face Sui-Tsai’s army with less than half of their men.
The armies met with the clash of swords, the squeals of horses and the shouts of men. Sheiji’s arm was never still. In the midst of battle, he could hardly concentrate on one man. He swung blindly, cutting down anyone who happened to be in the way of his sword.
He could not say how long the battle lasted. He only knew they were being defeated, little by little. They were being pushed back to the river, back to the Genji. They were cornered and Sui-Tsai’s army was finishing them off swiftly. Then Sui-Tsai’s army flew into confusion. Horses reared and their masters fell to the ground and were trampled. Men dropped their swords and ran in terror. Sui-Tsai’s soldiers attacked anyone in reach, not caring if it was a friend or a foe, Purple Lotus or White Lotus.
As quickly as it began, the chaos ceased. The field was quiet except for a few wounded men moaning in pain. Sheiji could see Sui-Tsai’s army retreating in the distance. Sheiji’s standard still fluttered in the wind.
Sheiji saw Ariuk’s horse prancing nervously on the empty field. It was riderless.
Sheiji dismounted and took his horse by the bridle. He looked at his men and looked at his rescuers, a large band. They were armed with axes, scythes, plow blades and various other farm implements. They wore little, if any, armor and were dressed simply as peasants. One man stepped forward and bowed before Sheiji, touching his forehead to the ground.
“Please rise,” Sheiji said. The man lifted his face from the ground, but remained on his knees before Sheiji. “You’ve saved our lives, sir. I and my men are very grateful to you.”
“It is our pleasure, Vua,” the man replied. “We would fight and die for you a hundred times over!”
“I cannot now give you a reward as all my wealth is in Taiyunyi,” Sheiji explained.
“We ask no reward, Vua. If you become king, then that alone will be our reward.” 
“What is your name?” Sheiji asked.
“Tetsu, Vua.”
“Would you do one thing more, Tetsu?” Sheiji asked.
“Anything, Vua,” Tetsu replied. “Won’t we, men?” he cried.
The men cheered.
“The two Generals on the north side of the bridge when Sui-Tsai’s army attacked us from both sides,” Sheiji explained. “I must see if they survived and we must help them if they need it.”
“We are at your service, Vua,” Tetsu replied.
Sheiji mounted his horse and spurred it forward. His soldiers and Tetsu’s men followed with loud battle cries. They seemed hardly winded from their part in the battle.
They were soon at the bridge. Sheiji saw his standard still flying. There was no sign of a purple lotus. After cautioning the men, Sheiji and Tetsu began the march over the bridge. General Hano met them half way. He was on foot and limping slightly, but otherwise seemed unhurt.
“My lord, you are safe!” the general panted.
“Where is General Mura-Tada?” demanded General Ammar.
General Hano looked pained, “I saw him fall. Hit in the chest by an enemy spear.”
“He was a good man,” General Ammar said. “But the greatest loss is our Prince.”
“Ariuk? Dead?” General Hano asked.
“Perhaps. Or wounded. His horse was running free,” Sheiji said, lowering his eyes.
“We must get away from here,” General Ammar said. “They may return to finish us off. We’ll make camp and return for our wounded.”
They all agreed. Everyone was weary from the battle and many were wounded. But there would be no sleep until all the men were accounted for: dead, wounded, or well.

Chapter 28
“Will he live?” Sheiji questioned the doctor who knelt over the limp form of Ariuk, Prince of Jiwu. After many weary hours of collecting the dead and wounded, they had found Ariuk, bloody and unconscious, near the bridge.
“Hard to say, Vua. He’s got a deep gash from the top of his head to his ear,” the doctor pointed out the long cut that he had nearly finished sewing up. “His scull is cracked in two places, his right wrist is broken and he’s lost a lot of blood. If his wounds don’t become infected and if he hasn’t suffered injury to his brain, he may be all right.”
“We will wait here until he is well,” Sheiji commanded.
“You should not wait, Vua,” the doctor argued timidly.
“The doctor is right, my lord,” General Ammar said. “Ariuk will not be well for weeks. You cannot afford to wait. The doctor and several soldiers will remain while the rest of the army continues to Taiyunyi.”
“But what if Ariuk…what if something happens to him while I am gone?” Sheiji asked. “He’s my cousin. I have a duty to him.”
“Your duty is to your people!” General Ammar exclaimed. “Please don’t argue,” he ended weakly, putting a hand to his head and sinking to the floor.
Sheiji knelt beside him and forced his hand from his head. A large bruise was spread across the side of his head. “What happened?” Sheiji demanded.
“It’s nothing, my lord,” General Ammar struggled to stand, but Sheiji held him down.
“What happened?” Sheiji demanded again.
“Nothing! I was only hit by a shield.”
“Doctor, help me get him to bed. He’s been working too hard,” Sheiji said.
“NO!” General Ammar said stubbornly. “You need the rest more than I do. You haven’t slept for three days and you need to leave as soon as possible.”
“I’ll only go to bed if you will go too, General,” Sheiji replied.
“You are too stubborn for your own good, my lord. But if it will make you take care of yourself, I will go lay down for a while.” General Ammar stood and walked to a bed. He only took three steps before he collapsed onto the floor.
Sheiji and the doctor got him into bed and Sheiji lay down beside Ariuk’s bed. Within seconds he was asleep.

Voices buzzed in Sheiji’s mind as he slept. He tried to swat them away, but they persisted in drawing him out of his deep sleep.
“But I must see him!”
“You will not. He needs his sleep.”
“It’s important! Let me by.”
“I told you, I cannot. Do you want him to be sick?”
“No, I don’t. But I think he would be very angry if you don’t let me give him my message.”
“What is your message?”
“It is for the king’s ears alone.”
“Do you have to make such a racket?” Sheiji sat up, rubbing sleep from his eyes. “Who’s there, Doctor?”
“Now you woke him!” the doctor cried angrily.
“May I see him now?” asked the other voice.
“Who is it, Doctor?” Sheiji asked again.
“A man wants to see you about something important,” the doctor replied.
“What is it?” Sheiji turned to the man who had been arguing with the doctor.
The man glanced at the doctor nervously.
“I trust him. What is it?” Sheiji consented.
“Inon sent me with a message,” the man began. “He requests that you make haste because Fa-Ying has been sentenced to public execution three days from now.”
“Execution!” Sheiji cried. “Thank you for telling me. You may tell Inon that I will be there in time.”
The man bowed and left.
“I must leave,” Sheiji said, digging through his belongings. 
“I’ll tell the General,” the doctor said.
Sheiji found his peasant outfit and donned it quickly. He wrapped a turban around his head and grabbed a pair of straw sandals.
“What are you doing, Vua?” the doctor asked.
“The army is too slow. They can come behind, but I must go alone to save Fa-Ying,” Sheiji explained.
“It’s too dangerous, Vua. You’re so close, don’t throw it all away now,” the doctor argued. “Besides, you can’t leave now. It’s the middle of the night!”
Sheiji pursed his lips and pushed past the doctor who followed still protesting.
“Get the best soldiers and General Ammar. Send them after me as quickly as possible,” Sheiji commanded. He stopped at the cook’s tent. He entered and foraged around until he found some rice cakes, dried meat and fruit. He packed it all into a bag, which he then tied to his belt.
The doctor continued to reason with Sheiji. “This is a bad idea, Vua.” 
Sheiji continued walking, ignoring the doctor’s protests, though he felt a twinge of guilt for causing so much worry. At the makeshift stable, the doctor roused the guards. He pleaded for them to intercept Sheiji, but they would not defy the king’s orders to saddle his horse and the doctor had to stand by, helpless to do anything.
“Please, Vua. Don’t do this!” the doctor cried in a last attempt.
“I’m sorry, but I must. I must save Fa-Ying,” Sheiji apologized. “Goodbye.” With that, he spurred his horse into a run and galloped out of camp.

Chapter 29
Sheiji had little trouble on his long ride. His peasant’s disguise worked well and he was challenged only once by a man looking to buy his horse. He knew his horse had good stamina and could run long distances. Still, Sheiji forced himself to stop and rest often so as not to tire it too quickly.
When he reached the gates of the city, Sheiji had to dismount and walk his horse. A steady flow of foot traffic filed through the gates at an extremely slow pace. Sheiji wondered what was happening. As he stood in line, he began to grow impatient. Fa-Ying was to be executed in just over an hour. Finally, though, he reached the gate.
“Fine horse,” Sheiji heard a guard whisper.
“Shabby boy. Too fine a horse for him,” the other guard replied. “Check him.”
The first guard reached out and took hold of Sheiji’s arm, pulling him close. Sheiji struggled in a panic to get out of the guard’s grasp, but the guard was strong. The second guard pulled off Sheiji’s turban and then looked him up and down.
“Where are you going?” the second guard asked.
“To Taiyunyi.”
“Why?” the guard asked.
“Business.”
“What kind of business?” The guard asked. When Sheiji didn’t answer, the first guard twisted Sheiji’s arm behind his back so that Sheiji gasped in pain. “What business?” the guard repeated.
“Visiting friends,” Sheiji gasped out.
The guard narrowed his eyes suspiciously, but continued his interrogation, “Where did you come from?”
“I was born in Taiyunyi.”
“But where have you been?” the guard demanded further.
“In a city.”
The first guard again twisted Sheiji’s arm and growled, “Cooperate or you’ll be sorry. I could break your arm as easily as a twig if I wanted to.”
“Where have you been?”
“Isaakin,” Sheiji randomly picked a city that he had visited with Suyo.
“What were you doing there?” asked the guard.
“Looking for work,” Sheiji replied.
“What type of work do you do?”
“Anything someone will hire me for.”
“Who is your father?” the guard asked.
“I’m an orphan.”
“Where did you get that horse?”
Sheiji’s mind raced, “It’s mine!”
“Where is your loyalty?”
“What?” Sheiji asked.
“Who is rightly King of Imatsuro?” the guard clarified.
“Sui-Tsai is king,” Sheiji avoided answering directly.
“But who is the rightful king, Sui-Tsai or Sheiji-Yueng?”
“Everyone knows Sheiji is dead,” Sheiji again avoided the question.
“So if anyone claims to be Sheiji-Yueng, he is an impostor?” the guard asked.
Sheiji let his body go limp. The guard, surprised at the sudden weight hanging from his hand, let go. Sheiji dropped to the ground. He rolled as he did so and jumped up a few feet away. Then he took off running as fast as he could through the streets. It was a trick Suyo had taught him and it had come in handy more than once when he was caught for stealing. Now he put to use all his street senses in escaping from the guards.
The two guards called the alarm and soon there were a dozen soldiers chasing Sheiji through the crowds. Several townsmen joined the chase as well. Sheiji told himself that he was only running from those who wanted to catch him for stealing. If he thought of the true reason, he wouldn’t have been able to run from his pursuers. Too much hung on his escape.
Sheiji’s nimbleness and ability to penetrate dense crowds at a quick speed was in his favor, as it had been in his street days. The guards dropped further and further behind. At last he could no longer hear their shouts and the sound of their sandals on the rough stone streets. He stopped to get his breath.
Taiyunyi was an unfamiliar city, despite the fact that Sheiji had looked out over it daily for as long as he could remember. He had never been in the streets except in a closely guarded and curtained sedan chair. Thus, he had to discover for himself a good place to rest. He slipped into an alleyway and ducked behind a large pile of garbage.
When his breathing returned to normal, he ventured out of his sheltered hiding place. He found a merchant, selling silk scarves. “Sir, could you help me?” Sheiji asked.
“What is it, boy?” the silk merchant replied warily, but not unkindly.
“I was wondering if you knew where the public execution is to take place?”
“Don’t know of any execution, boy,” the merchant replied. He rubbed his chin. “And I would know if there was one. Might it be a private execution?”
“No, he said public,” Sheiji replied firmly.
“Who?”
“A friend of mine,” Sheiji answered.
“Who are you so eager to see executed?” the merchant asked.
“I’m not eager to see him die. I’m trying to save him!” Sheiji replied. “His name is Fa-Ying.”
“Why that’s—,” the silk merchant cleared his throat as if he regretted what he had been about to say. “Surely he is not being executed.”
“It’s what my friend told me,” Sheiji replied. He toyed with two of the scarves, one white and one purple.
“Maybe your friend’s information wasn’t correct,” the merchant replied, taking a sudden interest in Sheiji’s choice of colors. “Why do you want to save a convicted criminal?”
“He’s not a criminal, exactly.”
“Might I interest you in that purple scarf you have there?”
“No. I would take the white one if I had any money,” Sheiji replied casually, a white scarf worked interchangeably with the dangerous lotus in this case. “Tell me, do you sell many white scarves?”
“Not many people wear white scarves anymore,” the merchant replied without looking at Sheiji. “But more people like them than will admit it.” Which was to say that many were secretly loyal to Sheiji.
“Which do you prefer?” 
“The white, of course,” the silk merchant replied daringly.
Sheiji smiled, “So you think Fa-Ying will not be executed today, then?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I received a very special white scarf some time ago; very special indeed. It is safely stored away.”
“Indeed?” Sheiji asked, comprehending the merchant’s meaning. Fa-Ying was safely hidden by this merchant.
“It was a pleasure to meet you, sir,” Sheiji replied. “I may be back to purchase a white scarf. Keep that special scarf safe.” Sheiji smiled and ran off down the street.
So the messenger had lied. It had all been a trap to get Sheiji to Taiyunyi so they could arrest him. And they almost had. Sheiji recalled that he had not spoken the signal or seen the lotus charm when the messenger arrived. He had been so weary that he had forgotten. Now he was alone in a strange city with no way of getting a message to his army. And the guards knew he was somewhere in Taiyunyi. They would not rest until he was found. 
That night, as Sheiji lay trying to find a comfortable spot in the pavement, he thought once again about Suyo. It seemed that everything reminded him of the street boy—or rather, street girl. During the past two weeks, the loneliness had settled to a dull ache, but it was always present. He could not make it go away.
For the thousandth time, he wondered what Suyo was doing. Had she found a warm, dry place for the night or was she out in the open without a blanket? Had she eaten that night? Was she locked up in some prison for stealing food to survive? What city was she in now? Was she missing him like he was missing her? Sheiji knew it was foolish to worry about her safety. She had lived her entire life on the street and could survive even the most difficult living conditions, but somehow the fact that she was a girl and not a boy made her seem more vulnerable and helpless. Sheiji wondered if she was still mad at him for not telling her that he was a prince. 
Somewhere nearby, a dog barked, interrupting Sheiji’s thoughts. The noise made the silence even more unbearable and the darkness pressed in on him from all sides. He longed for a fire to warm him and make a little light, but it would be too dangerous. He could not afford to draw attention to himself.
Sheiji finally fell into a weary sleep and did not see the shadowy figure lie down several feet away from him.

Chapter 30
“Suyo?” Sheiji awoke to find Suyo going through the contents of his food bag. “Give that here!” Sheiji snatched the bag angrily away, aware that it contained both his coronation ring and his two engagement rings. “What were you doing going through my things! What are you doing here?”
“I figured you needed help,” Suyo explained. “I was in Taiyunyi anyway.”
“How’d you hear that I was in Taiyunyi?” Sheiji asked, relaxing a bit.
“Only one person can cause such a commotion in a city. They’ve got soldiers on every street corner and no one is allowed to leave or enter the city until they find this horse thief. No one is even allowed outside their homes, which will make it very difficult to get you out of here.”
“You knew it was me just from that?” Sheiji asked.
“That’s a lot to go by. Besides, Yoson, the silk merchant said he saw you,” Suyo shrugged. “I’m a sort of friend to him.”
“Meaning you steal from him?”
“No. He’s probably the only merchant I wouldn’t steal from. He’s loyal to you, do you know that?” Suyo explained.
“I know.”
There was an awkward pause as each tried to think of something to say.
“Are you still angry with me, Suyo?” Sheiji asked.
“Angry? Why would I be angry with you?”
“Because I’m a prince,” Sheiji replied. “I thought you were angry because I didn’t tell you. I thought that’s why you left.”
“I was never angry,” Suyo said softly. “I thought maybe you wouldn’t want me around anymore because I’m a girl. I thought you would be angry with me.”
“I’m not angry with you either. But why do you pretend to be a boy?” Sheiji inquired, greatly relieved.
“Why do you pretend to be a peasant?”
“Because it wouldn’t be safe to be myself!” Sheiji exclaimed.
“The same for me. It’s too dangerous for girls on the streets. It’s much safer—and easier—to be a boy,” Suyo shrugged. “Besides, I can’t climb buildings in a dress.”
Sheiji smiled. It was good to have her back.
“So you thought your advisor was being killed?” Suyo asked.
“Did the silk merchant tell you that too?”
Suyo nodded, “Fa-Ying is safe.”
“Do you know where he is?” Sheiji asked. “Would you take me to see him?”
“I know where he is. But I can’t take you unless Yoson says I can,” Suyo answered. “For now, we must figure out how to get you out of the city. Where’s your Uncle’s army?”
“I left them to come behind me so that I could get to Taiyunyi more quickly,” Sheiji confessed.
“That was a stupid idea,” Suyo said bluntly.
“Yes.”
“Where are they now? You’ll need them to get into Taiyunyi and then into the palace.”
“I don’t know where they are. Hopefully they’re near. We still have several thousand men. How many soldiers are in Taiyunyi?”
“Less than that. But they’re good soldiers and Sui-Tsai could bring in more at a moment’s notice. You’ll need all your men. Everyone’s talking about the battle at the Crossing of the Rivers. They said you almost lost but that some common peasants came and rescued you.”
Sheiji nodded.
“I’d like to hear what happened,” Suyo requested.
So Sheiji told her everything that had happened since she left him at King Naro’s palace. When he finished, Suyo asked, “What are all those rings in your bag?”
Sheiji opened his bag and withdrew his three rings. “This one,” he began, taking up the gold ring, “Is my coronation ring. It’s what gives me power to claim the throne. These two,” he replaced the gold ring and took out his two betrothal rings, “are each a half of an engagement ring. They show whom I’m betrothed to. I have one half and my betrothed has the other.”
“Why do you have two rings?” Suyo asked, peering at each one closely.
“I was betrothed twice. This ring,” he held up his first betrothal ring, “is from my first engagement to a girl from Nakuchi when I was two years old. She was kidnapped and is dead now, so Sui-Tsai betrothed me to a girl from Hevana. That is the second ring.”
“I have one of those,” Suyo commented. She took her ring from her sash and held it up for Sheiji to see. “That must mean that I was betrothed once.”
“Yes,” Sheiji said.
“But how do you know who has your other half?”
“The ring only fits one other ring,” Sheiji said. “They are made one of a kind and snap together to form one ring. You can never make an exact copy to fit with your ring. Only your betrothed’s ring will fit. So you find whose ring fits with yours and that’s your betrothed.”
Suyo smiled, “I’ll try every man’s ring in the whole of Imatsuro. You first!” They laughed and Sheiji handed her Mirala’s ring.
“You’re right. They don’t fit,” Suyo marveled as she tried to snap the two rings together. “How do they do that? It’s amazing!”
Sheiji agreed and handed her the other ring. His smile faded as he heard a click and watched as the two rings melted into one.

Chapter 31
“Only one ring fits?” Suyo asked after they both sat silently, staring at the ring for several minutes.
“Only one ring fits,” Sheiji echoed.
Again they were silent, staring at the ring as if it were a dangerous weapon.
“It means…”
“I’m your betrothed,” Suyo finished.
Sheiji wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. He was almost relieved to know that Suyo was his betrothed. He had been hesitant to diagnose his feelings as love, and yet, he didn’t know how to explain them otherwise.
“You’ve always had this ring?” Sheiji asked.
“As long as I can remember,” Suyo replied. “Who…who am I?”
“Sahima Loromi. The eldest daughter of Emperor Vishou of Nakuchi. Princess of Princesses. Stolen from her home as an infant and thought to be dead these fifteen years. The bravest, smartest, noblest, self-sustaining, agile, wonderful girl who has ever lived. And—.”
“Kitu,” Sahima smiled and held up a hand to silence him. “I get the point. Do you love me, Kitu?”
“I don’t know,” Sheiji replied helplessly. “I…I think I must. Am I crazy, Suyo…I mean, Sahima?”
“No,” Sahima smiled bigger. “You see, I didn’t really leave because I thought you would be upset because I was a girl. I left because I couldn’t bear to be around you, knowing that you were a king and I was just a common thief and an orphan. I’ve loved you for a long time, Kitu. It was too hard to look at you and know that I could never marry you.”
“But now we can, if you like,” Sheiji promised. “Just as soon as I become king.”
“We should get out of here before the soldiers find you or you’ll never even get to see the inside of the palace,” Sahima said. “I have a plan. You must stay hidden. We can’t risk you being found. I’ll go for the Jiwut army. I’m sure I can find them fairly easily. I’ll bring them back here, we can force open the gates and while they’re doing that, I’ll slip back inside and get you so that you’re ready when the army breaks through. Then we go to the palace and make you king.”
“There’s only one thing,” Sheiji said. “You stay hidden until the palace is ours. I won’t have you getting killed.”
“I won’t get killed, Kitu,” Sahima argued. “I’ve lived longer on the streets than you have. I can take care of myself.”
“Sahima!”
“Just because I’m a girl doesn’t mean I’m a child,” Sahima scolded. “I’m not helpless, Kitu.”
“Please Sahima. Just stay hidden until we have the palace under our control. I promise I’ll come and get you as soon as it’s safe,” Sheiji begged. “Your father would never forgive me if something happened to you. I could never forgive myself.”
“You’re pathetic, Kitu,” Sahima sighed. “But I’ll do as you ask, if only because I know you won’t be able to fight knowing I may be in danger.”
Sheiji smiled tenderly at her and she kissed his cheek. Sheiji frowned, feeling his face go red with embarrassment. Sahima only laughed.
“Come on then,” Sahima took his arm. “I’ll take you to a place where you’ll be safe until I return.”
“How do you plan to get out of the city?” Sheiji asked. 
“How do you think I got in?” Sahima smiled. “I have ways. Maybe I’ll show you sometime. I’m small and thin. I can fit places where no man could.”
“Sahima?” Sheiji began.
“Hush, let’s go,” Sahima stood. “And you’d better call me Suyo now. People might wonder why you’re calling a boy by a girl’s name. Especially a Nakuchian name.”

They were back at the silk merchant’s stall. Sahima motioned for Sheiji to wait and wove through the crowd. Sahima and Yoson talked for a minute and the merchant nodded.
“Follow me.” Sahima was back at Sheiji’s side. She took his arm to guide him through the through the maze of streets. She led him past other shops and stalls; past ancient beggars; past magnificent buildings. They neared the center of the city. The palace grew closer.
“We’re going to the palace?” Sheiji asked puzzled.
Sahima nodded, “The safest hiding place is often right under their noses. Who would guess that you would be hiding here?”
She continued to lead him around to the western entrance of the palace. Just before the gate, she turned away from the palace and ducked into a low doorway of a ramshackle house. When Sheiji’s eyes had adjusted to the darkness, he looked around. The house was nothing more than a run-down shack. A cold hearth on the right side of the room, an overturned table and light streaming into the room through the roof led Sheiji to believe that the house had not been occupied for many years.
“We aren’t safe yet, Kitu,” Sahima said and nudged him forward. She led him to the hearth, which was large enough for a full-grown man to sit in comfortably. Sahima pulled back the grating that covered the opening and stepped inside. She stepped to the side and was swallowed up by the hearth.
Sheiji followed cautiously. Where it appeared that the hearth should end, there was a hole just large enough for a man. It was through here that Sahima had disappeared. Sheiji crawled through and was blinded by a sudden brightness. He found himself looking directly into the bright light of a torch, yet it was not a torch. There were no flames, only a hot glow. Then Sheiji knew where he was.

Chapter 32
“Suyo?” Sheiji called once he had moved his gaze away from the light. He still crouched in the hole, halfway between the rundown house and the long, narrow corridor that stretched before him, lined with the gem-torches. “Suyo? Where are you? Sahima?” Sheiji called again. He looked to the ground, about five feet below him.
“Sahima?” Sheiji began to panic. Had she left him already? Had she led him into a trap? Was she working for Sui-Tsai? He couldn’t believe she would turn traitor on him. Pretending he was back in the streets, jumping from buildings, Sheiji leapt to the ground. He landed hard. He was out of practice. Sheiji got to his feet, holding his dagger ready in his hand should it turn out to be a trap. 
“Sheiji!” an old man hobbled around the corner, leaning on Sahima’s arm. “Sheiji! Come here, my boy!”
Though the figure was strange to Sheiji, he knew the voice at once. “Fa-Ying!” he hollered back. He ran toward the man who was grinning now.
“Matsuyo, you bad boy. You said it was a visitor here to see me. Why didn’t you tell me it was my king?” Fa-Ying scolded Suyo good-naturedly. Then he grew serious and knelt feebly before Sheiji. He kissed his feet as was proper to show respect and submission.
“No, Fa-Ying, don’t,” Sheiji cried out dismayed.
“Sheiji,” Fa-Ying whispered. “They said you were dead. Everyone said you were dead. Sui-Tsai told me his soldiers killed you and threw you in the Genji. Inon himself could not find you. How did you survive?”
“That’s thanks to Sa—Suyo, here,” Sheiji replied, unsure why he had given Sahima’s boy name. “He found me and taught me how to survive. Then Inon found me and reminded me of my duty. I went to Jiwu and was almost killed by Yabin-Oshin, but he’s dead now. He cut my stomach, so I was delayed in Jiwu at my Uncle’s house while I was recovering and growing strong again. Then we left the palace with an army and fought Sui-Tsai’s army at the Crossing of the Rivers. General Mura-Tada was killed and Ariuk, King Naro’s eldest son who came with us, was terribly wounded. A spy came and told me that you were going to be executed in three days, so I went on without the army to save you. But it turned out that it was all a trap. They nearly caught me at the city gates. If it hadn’t been for Suyo’s training, they would have me now.”
“It was foolish of you to go without the army. Where are they now?” Fa-Ying asked.
“They were coming behind me,” Sheiji replied. “Suyo is going to fetch them while I stay here with you, right Suyo?”
Sahima nodded.
“Good, good,” Fa-Ying sighed. “You should get started, Matsuyo. Be careful.”
“You must go lie down now,” Sahima gently told Fa-Ying. “You’ll get too tired with all this excitement.”
“No, Matsuyo. Now that my king is home, all my strength has returned. I have never felt younger,” Fa-Ying patted Sahima’s hand affectionately. 
“At least go back where it’s safe and eat and rest a bit,” Sahima asked. “You’ll both need all your strength soon enough when the battle starts. Sheiji, you must rest and eat.” Sahima gazed into his eyes pleadingly. “Your stomach is hurting you, isn’t it?”
It was true. Sheiji’s stomach had been aching lately. It was not completely healed from his fight with Yabin-Oshin and the battle at the Crossing of the Rivers had torn the new scab that had formed.
“I’m fine,” Sheiji lied. “It doesn’t hurt a bit.”
Sahima looked at him, burst into tears and ran back to the hole, leaping through it and out of sight. Sheiji looked after her with an aching heart and fearful thoughts. He did not want to think about the danger she was in, but he knew that it was the only way to get the army to Taiyunyi quickly.
“Let’s go, Fa-Ying. Where have you been staying?” Sheiji asked without looking at Fa-Ying’s eyes.
“Sheiji?” Fa-Ying was watching him and staring after Sahima. “Who is that boy?”
“I’ll tell you later,” Sheiji sighed, suddenly so weary he could hardly stand. Together Sheiji and Fa-Ying hobbled through the corridor until they reached a branching path. The path led to a comfortable room with thickly carpeted floors and a small bed. After getting Fa-Ying—protesting the whole time—into the bed, Sheiji lay down on the soft floor and fell into a deep sleep.

Sheiji opened his eyes. For a moment, he was unsure where he was. Then he remembered. He was in the secret passage in the palace. Now that Sheiji was not so weary, he could examine the room more thoroughly. It was not very fancy, mostly made up of odds and ends fetched from different parts of the palace…or stolen from the city by Sahima. The furnishings were simple yet comfortable.
“Ah, you are awake at last,” Fa-Ying smiled at the boy. He looked better than he had at first, stronger and not so old. Perhaps it was as he said, seeing his king alive gave him new strength. “I was worried you would never wake!”
“How long have I been sleeping, Fa-Ying?” Sheiji asked. He got up and, out of habit, reached for his turban.
“You needn’t wear that here, Sheiji,” Fa-Ying said, then answered his question. “You’ve been asleep for almost two days. You must have pushed yourself hard to get here.”
Sheiji nodded and laid aside his turban. 
“You’ve grown, my son,” Fa-Ying said after examining Sheiji. “Your face is different, too. Not like a child’s any longer. You’ve become a man and I’ve missed it.” Fa-Ying gazed sadly at Sheiji’s face and continued, “But it was necessary for you to leave. I should like to hear all about your journey. What happened when you had to flee from the city of Kan-Yu?”
“I walked for days,” Sheiji said. “I never got the next set of directions because the man I was staying with in Kan-Yu was killed by Sui-Tsai’s soldiers. I had no food and I had no sense of direction. Why didn’t you teach me about edible plants?”
“I did not think it would be necessary. I see that I was mistaken.”
“Anyways, I wandered until I came to a city. That was Shijotsu. I was so hungry that I was determined to steal something to eat. I got up my nerve, but I had no idea how to do it without being caught. I was pursued and nearly captured, but Suyo came along and grabbed me. He took me to his hideout and taught me to survive as a street boy while we traveled from city to city.”
“Why did you not go to Jiwu? Inon told me you had given up!” Fa-Ying cried.
Sheiji hung his head in shame, “Yes. I had given up. I forgot my duty to my country and my people. I wanted to be just an ordinary boy. Free to do what I wanted… When Inon found me, I nearly killed him. I was angry. I knew he was speaking the truth and I didn’t want to listen. But hearing that you were in prison, I agreed to go to Jiwu for your sake. That’s when we met with Yabin-Oshin.”
“You said he is dead now?” Fa-Ying asked.
“Yes. Dead with a broken neck. He did some sort of flip in the air and came down on his neck. He was able to strike me in the stomach, but Suyo says he couldn’t have lived,” Sheiji explained. “That’s all there is, really.”
“And Matsuyo? He wasn’t with you and your army, I know, for he was here helping the good merchant to save me. You didn’t turn him away, did you?”
“No. He left of his own accord,” Sheiji replied wistfully. “I would have liked for him to stay, but he couldn’t.”
Fa-Ying searched Sheiji’s face. “Tell me about this Matsuyo. He is not who he pretends to be, is he?”
“I—,” Sheiji hesitated. “No, he is not.”

Chapter 33
“I found out the day that Yabin-Oshin attacked me that Suyo wasn’t who he said he was,” Sheiji began. “He took of his turban to stop the bleeding in my wounds and, though I was delirious with pain, I saw her hair.”
“Her?” Fa-Ying asked.
“Suyo is a girl. She disguised herself as a boy because it was safer for her on the streets,” Sheiji explained. “But that’s not the only surprise. Just a few days ago when she found me here in Taiyunyi, I discovered who she really is. She, herself, did not know.”
“Know what?”
“Her name is Sahima.”
“Not…”
“My betrothed,” Sheiji said. “Our rings fit together. It was merely by accident. She saw my rings and told me she had one of her own. She asked what they were and I told her. She just wanted to see if I was right when I said that no two rings are alike. She put hers with mine and they fit together!”
“Sahima Loromi?” Fa-Ying asked. “But everyone knows she’s dead!”
“But what if she didn’t die?” Sheiji asked. “What if the man who kidnapped her somehow lost her later on? Or what if he left her to die on the street? No one ever found her body!”
“Sahima Loromi,” Fa-Ying said again. “And you let her go out there past the enemy?”
“There was no other way,” Sheiji argued. “Besides, she’s more than capable of taking care of herself. She’ll be all right. Do you think I would have let her go if I didn’t think she’d be safe?”
Fa-Ying shook his head. “We must tell her parents. I’ll send a messenger to Nakuchi immediately.”
“What?” Sheiji’s heart fell. Was he going to be separated from Sahima yet again? Surely her father would take her back with him. “Couldn’t you wait just a little while?”
But Fa-Ying wasn’t listening. He was furiously pulling on a rope near the door of the room. Fa-Ying sat down, taking up a quill pen and ink and rummaging around for a blank sheet of paper. Writing swiftly, Fa-Ying composed a note to Emperor Vishou of Nakuchi. He blotted the wet ink, folded it and sealed it with a blot of wax. He pressed his signet ring into the wax.
Sheiji watched all this with great dismay. He sighed repeatedly until Fa-Ying paused in his work and looked up in annoyance.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“Does she have to go back to Nakuchi, Fa-Ying?” Sheiji grumbled. “She could stay here and her father could see her when he comes for the wedding.”
Fa-Ying stared at Sheiji in momentary confusion. Then he grinned and patted Sheiji’s shoulder. “I see. You were always been so hesitant to speak of marriage before you left, but I see it now. No, lad. She can’t stay here. It just wouldn’t be proper. Besides, don’t you think a father ought to have more time with his daughter than only a few short months allotted for a wedding visit?”
“I suppose,” Sheiji reluctantly said. 
A knock sounded at the door. Fa-Ying hushed Sheiji and pushed him towards the bed. Sheiji barely fit underneath the low stand that supported the mattress. Sheiji heard the door open, but from his position, he could not see who was there.
“You needed something, Fa-Ying?” Sheiji recognized Inon’s voice.
“Yes. I want you to send a messenger to Nakuchi as quickly as possible. Here is a letter. It must get to Emperor Vishou,” Fa-Ying explained. “When you have found a messenger, you are to prepare the loyal troops to march on the palace at a moment’s notice.”
“Has Sheiji returned?” Inon asked eagerly.
“Sheiji, you can come out!” Fa-Ying called to the bed under which Sheiji was hiding.
Sheiji wormed his way out and came to stand beside Fa-Ying. Inon bowed low before him. 
“I am happy at your safe arrival,” Inon said. “And I am happy you decided to return.” He rose and turned back to Fa-Ying. “Is there anything you need, Fa-Ying? Anything else I should do?”
“I think that is all, Inon, thank you,” Fa-Ying replied.
“Perhaps some new clothes?” Inon’s eyes fell on Sheiji’s tattered street clothes.
Fa-Ying followed Inon’s gaze and smiled, “Yes. Something more…er…suitable to Sheiji’s rank.”
“I hate fancy clothes,” Sheiji mumbled.
Fa-Ying’s grin grew, “Surely this is the Sheiji I know! But bring the clothes anyway, Inon. We will find some use for them. Also, you may find some clothes like Sheiji wears now. He may yet need them.”
Inon turned to go and Fa-Ying added in a low voice, “I’ll give the signal when it is time to act.”
After Inon left, the two sat in silence. They tried to speak, but their conversations lasted only minutes. Both Sheiji and Fa-Ying were too tense to focus on conversation.
All of a sudden, Sheiji leapt to his feet and cried, “I’m sick of this!”
“Sit down, boy, and be quiet,” Fa-Ying said in a warning voice. “I’ve been down here for more than a month. How do you think I feel?”
“I’m going out, Fa-Ying. I have to see what things are like inside the palace,” Sheiji announced.
Fa-Ying exclaimed, “You mean to go into the palace?”
“Yes,” Sheiji replied quietly. “I must see my brother’s destruction. There are so many who have helped me. I must see what Sui-Tsai has done to them.”
“I will not allow it.”
“I am king, you cannot stop me.”
“I am responsible for you. I won’t have you getting killed just when we’ve almost won. Now, sit down and wait like everyone else for your army.”
“I must go see. Korin knows something very important. If Sui-Tsai has killed him, we will never know who really killed King Tuan of Osaku.”
“Korin knows who killed Tuan?” Fa-Ying asked doubtfully. “The killer was found, I thought. They disposed of him.”
Sheiji shook his head.
“How will you get into the palace? They’ll see you and kill you on the spot. The palace is filled with spies. They’re as thick as flies on a rotting carcass,” Fa-Ying argued. “Who knows, the army may arrive even today.”
Sheiji sat down slowly and sighed. Resting his chin in his hands, he quietly submitted to Fa-Ying’s father-like authority over him. He comforted himself with the thought that very soon, perhaps even tomorrow, the army would come and Sheiji would get his fill of the palace and of Sui-Tai.

Chapter 34
It turned out that the army did arrive the next day. Sheiji woke that morning to see Fa-Ying and Inon talking urgently near the door. When the saw Sheiji was awake, they both dropped to their knees and hailed him as their king. Sheiji smiled and told them to rise.
“What is this news that requires such an early visit?” Sheiji asked, though he had already guessed what it was.
“The army is right outside the gates, Vua!” Inon exclaimed. “We are ready at your command. My men in the city will open the gates to let in the army.”
Sheiji began scrambling around for the new tunic Inon had brought him. He would not wear his long robe to battle. No one would be so foolish, for one can’t fight well in a robe. All the soldiers would be wearing tunics and trousers. If Sui-Tsai came out to fight, he too would be wearing a short tunic, though of much finer quality.
Sheiji grew solemn as he thought of the lives that would be lost today. He hoped the battle would be light, but no one could tell how it would play out. “Close the markets today, Inon. Send people inside their houses. It is no secret that our army is here, so we may as well try to save the civilians’ lives.”
“Yes, Vua.”
“What is our plan?” Sheiji asked.
“My men will open the gates,” Inon began. “The army will enter the city and surround the palace. There may be fighting outside the city also. We know Sui-Tsai has armies at the ready in several cities not far from here.
“Once the palace is surrounded, we will storm it and crown you king. Of course, until Sui-Tsai has surrendered, you will not be safe,” Inon explained.
“Will you permit me to fight with my men?” Sheiji asked.
Inon and Fa-Ying both replied with a definite “NO,” and Sheiji grinned, “I didn’t think so. What do I do while I wait?”
“You simply wait,” Fa-Ying said. “You will not endanger your life now that you’re so close.”
Sheiji nodded, but he had other plans.
“Now, Inon and I must leave. I expect you to remain here as I told you. Do you understand me?” Fa-Ying warned.
“I understand.”
“Good. Inon, myself, or someone else who shows you the Lotus and uses the sign, will come get you when it is time. Now, you just wait,” Fa-Ying instructed.
Fa-Ying and Inon turned to go. As they opened the door, Sahima ran in, still dressed in her street boy clothes.
“Sahima!” Sheiji grinned. Inon looked at her and then at Fa-Ying. 
Fa-Ying hesitated a minute, looking at the two staring at each other with glowing, happy eyes. Then he shrugged and ushered Inon out of the room.
Sheiji laughed, “Did you see Inon’s face?”
 “Yes,” Sahima giggled. “But Fa-Ying didn’t look surprised. I suppose you told him?”
“I had to,” Sheiji shrugged. Then he grew sober, “He wrote a letter to your father.”
Sahima’s smile faded also. She looked at Sheiji, “What if I don’t like him? What if he’s unkind to me?”
“You only have to stay with him for a few months while the wedding arrangements are made. Then you don’t have to see them ever again if you don’t want to.”
“When must I go back?”
“Fa-Ying says as soon as I become king,” Sheiji replied. “I said I didn’t want you to go back, but he insisted.”
“You’re the king.”
“Yes, but he’s my advisor. He is a wise man, even if he is bossy sometimes and doesn’t follow all the rules of respect to a king,” Sheiji answered. “But I do disagree with him on one thing. He says I can’t go fight with my men. But I think it is hypocritical to ask them to lay down their lives for me without taking the risk myself.”
“But what would happen to the country if you were killed. I agree with Fa-Ying and everyone else. You should listen to them,” Sahima chided him. “But I do have an idea. I know where you can watch the entire thing without being seen. In fact, you don’t even have to leave the secret passage. Do you want to go?”
“Of course!”
Sahima led him out of the room and back into the corridor. She seemed to know the secret passage as well as any of the streets she roved. They went up several flights of stairs in the dark; the gemstone torches lit only a small portion of the passage. At last, Sahima stopped and pointed to a large crack as long as Sheiji’s arm and about six inches wide.
“Look out here. That’s our army right down there in the field,” Sahima told him.
Sheiji looked. Sure enough, the army stood in formation just outside of the city gates. Inside the city, the streets were nearly empty of civilians. Sheiji was glad to see that the people had heeded Inon’s command. Soldiers swarmed like ants on every street, but Sheiji could not tell if they were his soldiers or Sui-Tsai’s. 
“Where are we?” Sheiji asked at last.
“In the wall of the West Tower. Directly below us is Sui-Tsai’s bedroom,” Sahima replied. “This hole was made long ago during a battle siege. They never bothered to repair it because it didn’t appear to lead to the inside. Lucky for us.”
“How do you know your way around here so well? You know it better than I do!”
Sahima didn’t reply for a long time. At last she said, “I lived a long time in Taiyunyi when I was younger. I stayed in this passage many times. It was I who found that the fireplace in the old house led to the passage and that is how I entered. When Fa-Ying was in danger, Yoson the silk merchant, and Inon rescued him. They needed a place to keep him, so I showed them the house.”
Sahima was quiet again. She stood looking out the crack in the wall. The soldiers below were now congregating around the gate, but nothing else had happened yet. “Sheiji,” Sahima began. “Do you remember that I told you that I had lived on the streets all my life?”
Sheiji nodded.
“Well, I haven’t,” Sahima replied without looking at him. “I lived with Yoson.”
“You did?” Sheiji asked
“That’s how I knew him. He found me on the very day his wife and baby daughter died. He took me in and raised me as his own daughter. In fact, only he knew that I wasn’t his real daughter. When he finally told me, I was about seven. I was angry that he had kept it a secret and I wanted to find my real family, so I ran off. Later, I started feeling guilty for being so ungrateful, but I didn’t dare return. I thought he would be angry with me for leaving.
“Someone found me when I was almost dead of starvation, I don’t remember anymore what her name was, and she taught me how to survive. She also dressed me up as a boy. She wore the same disguise,” Sahima explained. “I usually waited for her in our hiding place when she went out to steal some food. One day, she just didn’t come back. Maybe she was tired of me or maybe she was caught, I don’t know. From that day on I had to take care of myself and I did.”
Sheiji listened quietly. When she had finished, he said, “I think I know more about you than you know of me. I’ll tell you about myself, now.”

Chapter 35
“My mother, Yukoshi was the first wife to King Kawa. He loved her very much,” Sheiji began. “Her first child was a daughter, but she died when she was two. Then my father created an alliance with Kasara by marrying the princess Thu. Her first child was a son, Sui-Tsai, and her second child was Tamé. My father was very happy with his two sons. Shortly after, he married Thu’s half sister, Bai who had Kano and others. Through all this, my mother had seven daughters, two of whom died, and one son who died at birth. Even though my mother never had a living son, my father still loved her very much.
“At last, when my father was almost too old to have children, I was born. I am the youngest legitimate child of King Kawa. My father was happier than he had ever been, or so I am told. But my mother, who was also growing old, did not recover from my birth and she died shortly after.”
“So you never knew your mother?” Sahima asked.
“No. And my father would never talk of her. He grieved for a long time when my mother died,” Sheiji answered. “As the youngest child in the palace, I was often forgotten, but that didn’t matter to me. I was allowed to run and jump and swim in the Genji. I had a long childhood. In fact, I don’t think I grew up until the day my father died when I was fourteen.”
“It served you well to have practice with running and jumping,” Sahima smiled. “If you hadn’t, perhaps you wouldn’t have learned to survive in the streets so quickly and easily.”
“Quickly!” Sheiji scoffed. “Not quickly and it was far from easy. I hurt so much every night I could hardly sleep.”
Sahima smiled, “Still. You learned quicker and easier than I learned. Go on with your story.”
“I think it was this freedom that made me different from my other brothers. I sometimes saw beggars at the palace gates and I learned to play gently with my nieces and nephews. But everyone thought from the beginning that King Kawa would choose Sui-Tsai as his heir. Though the law says that the king might choose any legitimate son for his heir, it is customary that the eldest or second eldest son inherits the throne. That is why Sui-Tsai was so angry when my father named me king.”
“Do you think your father foresaw the trouble your brothers would cause?” Sahima asked.
“I have no doubt. I got the impression that he and Fa-Ying discussed it privately many times before he died. I’m sure they must have realized the danger I would be in. But I was the son of his beloved wife and am very kind-hearted.”
“Don’t puff yourself up,” Sahima cuffed him playfully and he grinned back at her.
Suddenly, Sahima cried, “The gates are opening!”
Sure enough, the gates were swinging open at their slow pace. Sui-Tsai’s soldiers stood before it and snaked back through the streets because there was not room for them all at the entrance. Sheiji’s soldiers still stood in the field, though the gates were wide open. Then slowly they began to retreat. 
“What are they doing?” Sheiji cried in alarm.
Sahima’s eyes were glued to the scene below. A great cry went up from Sui-Tsai’s soldiers inside the city and they began to chase Sheiji’s retreating men. Soon the city streets were empty except for several stragglers. Now men clad in the uniform of Sheiji’s army ran out from behind houses and market shops. The gates began to close and the soldiers pushed with all their might to speed the process.
Sheiji laughed, “I see! Look, Sahima. They just got all the soldiers out of the city. They have the city wall at their back and our army at the front. There’s no retreat! Look, our men are turning around to face Sui-Tsai’s army.”
Sahima laughed too, “Sui-Tsai’s army just realized that they’re trapped! They’re panicking! No, now their general is calling them on. They’ll fight.”
“Look what’s happening down below,” Sheiji pointed. “Our soldiers are running to the palace. I wonder how many guards are stationed here.”
Sui-Tsai must have been prepared, for Sheiji’s men were met head on with a company of soldiers. Sheiji spotted General Ammar and Inon at the head of the procession. General Hano was in charge of the battle outside. 
Inon was fighting hard. Sheiji hadn’t realized how skillful he was until that moment. Within minutes, Sui-Tsai’s small company was defeated and General Ammar cautiously moved in. Another company of soldiers attacked, but they, too, were defeated easily with the general’s larger company. Sheiji spotted only three of his soldiers down wounded or dead.
“Sheiji, we’d better get you back before Fa-Ying gets inside,” Sahima advised him. Sheiji agreed and she led him at a slow run back through the passage.
They arrived back at the room and opened the door to find Fa-Ying with a stormy expression on his face. He whirled around to face Sheiji and promptly slapped him across the cheek. Sheiji was so shocked that he only stood blinking his eyes and staring at Fa-Ying.
Sahima stepped forward angrily. “You dare to slap your king?” she roared at him.
“He dares to disobey me,” Fa-Ying returned. “I said stay here! You’re a grown man, Sheiji, and you don’t listen to what’s good for you!”
“I’m sorry, Fa-Ying,” Sheiji replied meekly. “We only went to the tower to watch the battle. We didn’t even leave the passage.”
“Don’t apologize to him, Sheiji,” Sahima snapped. “He’s the one who should apologize. You ought to lose your head for this!” She stomped her bare foot on the tile floor.
“Sahima, if you can’t be civil to Fa-Ying, then I don’t want you around,” Sheiji retorted.
Now it was Sahima’s turn to look shocked. The anger left her eyes and she dropped her gaze to the floor. She looked up at Sheiji with hurt in her eyes, then ran out the door and down the passage.
“Sahima!” Sheiji hollered after her, terrified of what he had just done. He was about to race after her, but Fa-Ying placed a restraining hand on his arm. 
“Leave her,” he said softly. “She’ll be back.”
Sheiji watched her as she disappeared through the hole leading to the outside world.
“She is right, though, I’m afraid,” Fa-Ying said, still quiet. “I should not have slapped you, nor spoken as I did. I should lose my head, though I pray that you give me mercy.”
“It is granted,” Sheiji replied. “You were simply worried about me.”
“You are like a son to me, Sheiji. I worry about you as a father worries about his son,” Fa-Ying said. “Ever since your father died, I’ve been with you and watched you grow and change, both physically and in how you think and act. But there’s one thing that has never changed, and that’s your headstrongness. I feel it will be your downfall one day.”
“I’m sorry, Fa-Ying.”
“Come, Sheiji. The day isn’t getting any younger. It’s time for you to become king.”

Chapter 36
Sheiji strapped on his sword and dagger and readied himself to fight, should it become necessary. They were sure to meet enemy guards along the way. “I’m ready, Fa-Ying.” Sheiji nodded to his advisor.
“Then let’s go,” Fa-Ying replied. They slipped into the passage with Fa-Ying in the lead. Soon, Sheiji began to recognize the passage as the one they had traveled through to get to their secret room when Sheiji was younger.
The entrance to the palace was now before them. “Keep a hand on your sword,” Fa-Ying warned. “And pay attention to everything.” The passage opened and the two stepped through into the dimly lit hall.
Two guards stood with their backs to the passage. Sheiji nodded to Fa-Ying who nodded in return and they each stepped forward to take a guard. Sheiji clamped a hand over his guard’s mouth and around his neck. He dragged him struggling to the ground. As soon as the guard was unconscious, Sheiji turned to help Fa-Ying. They locked the two unconscious guards into a vacant room and continued on their way.
By the time they reached the throne room, Sheiji’s soldiers had made their way inside the palace. Two stood at the throne room doors. At the sight of Sheiji, they fell to their knees and covered their faces with their hands.
“Is Sui-Tsai in the throne room?” Sheiji asked them.
“Yes, Vua,” replied one guard.
“We have him captured. He is guarded by some of our comrades,” replied the other.
The guards scrambled to their feet and, with eyes still downcast, opened the doors for Sheiji and Fa-Ying to enter. Fa-Ying moved behind Sheiji out of respect. Sheiji heard Sui-Tsai before he saw him. He was yelling and cursing at the top of his lungs. Four muscular guards held his arms behind his back and were attempting to tie his hands.
At the sound of the doors opening, Sui-Tsai grew silent, though no less determined in his struggle. His face flushed deep red when he saw Sheiji standing in the doorway, staring coolly at him. Sui-Tsai seemed to recover his composure quickly, however, for he said with great haughtiness and surprising dignity, “Well, well, little one. Have you and your precious Ying come to finish me off?”
“Sui-Tsai,” Sheiji replied boldly, “I declare you a traitor, a usurper and an enemy of all true Imatsurans. Your life is forfeit because of your treachery. Have you anything to say for yourself?”
“Dear brother,” Sui-Tsai attempted a kind-hearted approach. “It is not as you think. I had no intention of becoming king while you were alive. When you were kidnapped and we found no trace of you, we had to assume the worst. I hated taking your place as king. It is wonderful to see you are alive.”
“Then you will give me back my throne, traitor?” Sheiji asked, seeing straight through Sui-Tsai’s “kindness.” 
Sui-Tsai sputtered, “But…but of course—.”
“Guards, remove this man from my presence,” Sheiji commanded.
“But, dear brother, you must let me speak,” Sui-Tsai said.
“Once more.”
“Our father would not have wanted this. Our father was a merciful man. Don’t listen to Ying. He only wants to control the country through you. Once you are king, he will have no further use for you and will dispose of you. You know I speak the truth. Listen to me before it’s too late. I can help you. I have been trained many years for this. I will help you, unlike your precious Ying.” Sui-Tsai reminded Sheiji of a snake, charming his prey before he struck with a deadly bite.
“I no longer consider you a brother, but a bitter enemy. Furthermore, my words are my own. Fa-Ying has taught me, true, but now I speak for myself. His only desire is to see me crowned,” Sheiji spoke. “Guards, take away this man’s weapons and put him in the dungeon until I call for him again.”
“Sheiji! We are kin. We are one in our father!” Sui-Tsai knelt before Sheiji and wept. “Do not kill me, Sheiji. Do not kill me. Spare my life, son of our Father.”
“You are despicable, Sui-Tsai. I never thought I would see you beg for mercy on your knees.” Sheiji glared at him. “Guards.”
The four soldiers dragged Sui-Tsai away, still kicking and fighting the entire way. As the last soldier disappeared from sight, Inon ran in, grinning from ear to ear. “They’ve surrendered! Sui-Tsai’s army has surrendered.”
“Why? How?” Sheiji asked eagerly.
“Somehow, word reached them that Sui-Tsai was a captive in the palace and that you were nearby. They threw down their weapons and ran. Is it true? Is Sui-Tsai captured?”
“He is. I sent soldiers to escort him to the prison until I can decide what to do with him,” Sheiji answered.
“Sheiji, put on your ring! Where is it?” Fa-Ying asked.
Sheiji grinned and pulled the ring out of his sash. He held it up triumphantly for a moment, then pushed it gently onto his finger. It fit on his ring finger now, the proper place. Sheiji smiled at the memory of the time it was too big, even for his thumb.
All of a sudden, Sheiji asked, “Tamé, where is he?”
“Don’t you know?” Inon looked up at Sheiji in surprise. “Tamé is dead.”
“Dead?” Sheiji asked.
“Yes,” Inon replied. “Sui-Tsai and Tamé had an agreement. When you were out of the way, they would rule together. Of course, Sui-Tsai never intended to share his power with anyone, not even with his full brother. When Sui-Tsai proclaimed himself king, he had Tamé murdered in his bed.”
“I knew he was hard-hearted, but I never thought he would kill his own brother! They were always so close,” Sheiji marveled.
Fa-Ying closed his eyes and nodded, “Men will do terrible things for power. Your father was different. So are you, Sheiji.” He laid a hand fondly on Sheiji’s shoulder. “We must discuss terms of surrender with the rebels. Have a seat in your throne and they will come to you.”
Sheiji proudly took a seat in the throne that had once been his father’s. It made him feel majestic, even in his peasant clothes. He somehow felt close to his father as he sat there. Together, Fa-Ying, Sheiji and Inon wrote up the terms of surrender for the Army of the Purple Lotus.
At last, the throne room doors opened and a battle-weary general walked in, surrounded by Sheiji’s soldiers.
“What is your name?” Sheiji asked the general, who fell to his knees when he saw Sheiji.
“Li, Your Majesty.”
“General Li, do you surrender and accept me, Sheiji-Yeung as your one and only king and rightful ruler of Imatsuro?” Sheiji asked.
“I do, Vua.”
“You will never again fight against me, but will be my faithful and loyal subject and will obey my commands?” Sheiji asked again.
“I will, Vua.”
“Did you commit treason of your own free will or was the position of General of the Purple Lotus pressed upon you?”
“It was my own free will, Vua.”
“General Li, for your participation in this treasonous event, for helping a usurper gain the throne and for waging war on the true king, your sentence is rightfully death,” Sheiji stated.
General Li raised his eyes bravely to look Sheiji in the eye. His chin quivered once, but he clamped his jaws together and did not speak.
“However,” Sheiji paused. “For telling the truth, coming willingly before me, and accepting me as king, your punishment will be lessened. If you agree to my terms of surrender, of course.”
Sheiji motioned to Inon who brought forth a scroll, which he handed to General Li, “This states the terms of surrender which I have drawn up with the council of my advisor, Fa-Ying, and my soldier, Inon. The Army of the Purple Lotus will disperse. Every man will go back to his home under oath that they will never again take up arms against my person. All weapons, armor and possessions belonging to these rebel soldiers will belong to the General of the Army of the White Lotus which I shall soon instate. Finally, all prisoners belonging to the Army of the White Lotus or the Jiwut army will be released and any damage done to their person or possessions will be paid in full by your army.”
“If I might be so bold as to offer several terms of my own, Vua,” General Li replied. “These terms would be satisfactory to me if only the men may take with them their horses and personal belongings which did not belong to the Army of the Purple Lotus. For merciful Vua knows that these men are farmers and could not live without their animals. Also, I would ask that the prisoners you hold who are not of a commanding rank be released as we shall do with White Lotus prisoners.”
“It shall be as you say,” Sheiji said, adding General Li’s words to the document. He quickly signed his name at the bottom and handed the quill to General Li. “If these terms are satisfactory to you, you may sign.”
General Li signed his name and returned the document to Sheiji. “What is my punishment, Vua?” he asked nervously.
Sheiji looked at Fa-Ying who nodded to him to continue. “You will be banished from Imatsuro. I will provide transportation to wherever you wish to go, but once you have left Imatsuro, you may never step foot inside my country again. If you do, your life will be forfeit. You may take your family and as many possessions as you can carry in two oxcarts. You have two days.”
“Vua is merciful,” General Li replied, touching his forehead to the ground. “We will go to Kasara.”

Chapter 37
“We have so much to do today!” Sheiji exclaimed as they sat in the throne room early the next morning. They had retired early the night before and it was strange for Sheiji to sleep in his own bed once again. Now, thoroughly refreshed and full from a rich breakfast, they met for the complex business of restoring his kingdom.
“Where should we begin?” Inon asked.
“Well, I don’t have a general for my army yet. We need someone to manage the soldiers living here and to raise an army if that becomes necessary again,” Sheiji said. He grinned at Fa-Ying.
“I cannot think of anyone who would be a good general,” Fa-Ying grinned back.
Both pretended to think hard about the problem. Suddenly, Sheiji looked up, “I know. What about Inon!”
“Me?” Inon asked.
“I have never seen a soldier so young who is as skillful as you, Inon,” Sheiji commented. “You organized my loyal soldiers here and helped to lead the charge on the palace and your strategies are excellent.”
“The men listen to you and respect you,” Fa-Ying added. “I have listened to their talk. They say you are brave and you value their lives. To them, those things are important.”
“I don’t know enough to be general,” Inon argued.
“The biggest thing is for the men to respect you,” Fa-Ying told him. “General Ammar has agreed to stay behind for several months and teach you what you need to know.”
“Will you be my general, Inon?” Sheiji asked eagerly. “I might add that the pay is excellent.”
“I suppose I can’t refuse,” Inon said. “Thank you, Sheiji.”
Sheiji grinned, “And Fa-Ying, I would like to make you my official advisor.”
“I’m old, Sheiji,” Fa-Ying replied. “It would be best to find a younger advisor.”
“For as long as you are able,” Sheiji added, looking pleadingly into Fa-Ying’s eyes. “And I shall find a younger advisor in addition to you. But you will be First Advisor to the King.”
Fa-Ying nodded his consent.
“Good. Now, what do we do about Sui-Tsai?”

The palace prisons were not a pleasant place. Buried underground as the prison was, it was cold and dark. The only light came from torches placed at long intervals along the wall. The stench was terrible. The smells of rotting garbage, dirty bodies and sewage mixed in the stagnant air. It was enough to make anyone gag. It was not a clean place. Taiyunyi prisons, especially those in the palace, were well known for their unusually large rats and insects.
There were ten cells, each large enough for three prisoners. At the moment, all were filled beyond capacity with those who had displeased His Regency, Sui-Tsai. It was here that Fa-Ying had spent several long weeks.
Sui-Tsai crouched miserably on a pallet in the darkest part of one cell. They had removed the other prisoners from his cell and he was utterly alone. His rich clothes were now smelly and full of the black slime that lined the floor. His stomach rumbled and he judged it to be sometime in the middle of the night, for the guards were dozing. He had been offered the prison food, but had refused to eat it. Now he wished he had, though the rice was long past moldy and the water a muddy brown.
He hated Sheiji. Hated him from the depths of his soul. Such a foolish boy, Sheiji was. If their roles had been switched, if Sui-Tsai had caught Sheiji in the throne room, he would have killed him right there with his own sword. But Sheiji wouldn’t do that. He was too soft. But Sui-Tsai couldn’t blame him. Sheiji was exactly like their father. Kawa was always kind. He was just, but still merciful. And there was something about him that made people instantly like and respect him, though he never used force. 
Sui-Tsai had tried to be like him, but his temper always won out in the end. He thought he had become like him until he found out that it was fear, not respect that made people obey him. And Sheiji was just like his father. That’s why Sui-Tsai hated him so much. Sheiji cared nothing for what the common people thought of him, as long as he knew he was doing the right thing. He could lower himself so much as to help an ancient beggar or hold the hand of a grubby peasant child, and the people only loved him all the more for it. It made Sui-Tsai want to scream.
Now Sui-Tsai was going to die. Fa-Ying would make sure of that. He was going to die because he had failed to get rid of Sheiji when it really mattered. Sheiji had escaped and returned with an army. Sheiji’s loyal friends had helped him when he needed it most. But there was no one who would help Sui-Tsai. He had no real friends, only friends bought by fear or money. Those had deserted him and his only true friend, Tamé, he had killed out of jealousy and fear.
Would he have acted differently, if he had only known how it would end? Would he have accepted Sheiji as king? No, Sui-Tsai decided. Not for anything in the world would he have submitted to Sheiji’s authority. He would never accept him as king, not even if it would save his life. 
He would never let Sheiji win! He still had money, didn’t he? Maybe not enough to get him to safety, but it would be enough to keep Sheiji from getting the last word. With new resolve, Sui-Tsai rose and walked to the bars of the cell.
“Soldier!”
The soldier came to Sui-Tsai’s cell holding a torch and spat in his face. Sui-Tsai struggled to control his temper. “Give me your sword, and I’ll give you all the money I have.”
“How much is that?” asked the soldier suspiciously.
“Two jiro,” Sui-Tsai answered in a low voice.
“Let me see! How did you get that past the guard?” the soldier inquired.
“I have a secret pocket. See,” Sui-Tsai showed him the two jiro. “Now give me your sword and they’re both yours.”
The soldier stood undecided before the bars. Then, slowly, he drew his sword from its sheath and handed it to Sui-Tsai. 
“I am no witness to this!” the soldier cried. “Give me the money and let me be gone.”
Sui-Tsai thrust the two coins through the bars and the soldier hurried away, muttering to himself. Sui-Tsai held up the sword. Sheiji would not win! Never!

Chapter 38
“How is Ariuk?” Sheiji asked General Ammar as they, along with Fa-Ying and Inon, sat around a table discussing the outcome of the battle. 
“Doing well,” Ammar said. “The doctor said he’d live. He’s getting stronger by the day. We sent him back to Taukama where he’ll recover much quicker.”
“I’m glad. I was worried for him,” Sheiji replied. “What would have happened to Jiwu if he died?”
Ammar frowned grimly, “The husband of Ariuk’s younger sister would have become king, seeing that King Naro has no other sons. That would not be good for Jiwu to have a foreigner on the throne.”
“Fa-Ying,” Sheiji began curiously. “Why was I betrothed to the heir of Nakuchi?”
“Whatever do you mean, Sheiji?” Fa-Ying asked.
“Why not Sui-Tsai or Tamé. Surely Emperor Vishou would have wanted to marry her to the one most likely to become king after my father’s death. Then Imatsuro and Nakuchi would be united.”
Fa-Ying replied, “They were both too old and already married.”
“But it is not unheard of for a man to have more than one wife, even one many years younger. Why, my father had three wives. Don’t you think Vishou would have still tried to betroth Sahima to one of my brothers, just to unite our two countries?”
“It is an interesting question, Sheiji. I have never thought of it,” Fa-Ying replied. “But perhaps Vishou did not want Imatsuro and Nakuchi united. Or perhaps he thought you would be a better choice for his daughter. It is said he mourned for years after his daughter was kidnapped, so he must have loved her dearly and wanted a good match for her.”
“Why was Sahima kidnapped?” Sheiji asked.
“There were those who wanted to overthrow the Alamaj dynasty, to which Vishou and Sahima belong,” Fa-Ying explained. “They kidnapped Sahima and…” Fa-Ying glanced at Ammar and Inon before continuing, “…and it is supposed that they killed her.”
“Did Vishou search for her?” Sheiji asked.
“Yes. A thorough search was made in Nakuchi.” Fa-Ying replied.
“But did they search Imatsuro?”
“No, why would they?” Fa-Ying answered.
“If you were going to steal a royal princess, you wouldn’t leave her in her country; you would take her somewhere else. I’m sure Vishou could have figured that out, so why didn’t he search Imatsuro?” Sheiji wondered.
“What are you getting at, Sheiji?” Fa-Ying asked.
“I’ve heard a rumor that Vishou now has a son and he intends to make him emperor—.”
“Vishou has no son. His wife is dead and he never remarried. Even if he did have a son, it would be logical to make him emperor because he believes his heir is dead,” Fa-Ying raised his voice slightly in exasperation.
“I have heard the rumor myself in Jiwu, honored Fa-Ying,” Ammar replied. “It is widespread.”
“Sheiji, you are trying to keep her here,” Fa-Ying said harshly. “You want to keep her from her father after all this time? It’s selfish, Sheiji. And even worse that you would make Vishou into a villain. Close your ears to rumors.”
“But if it’s true, Fa-Ying, then we’ve made a terrible mistake. What if Sahima was not kidnapped, but was purposefully removed from the palace so that she could not become Empress?” Sheiji questioned. “You now told Vishou that Sahima is alive!”
“The princess is alive?” Ammar asked.
“Yes!” Sheiji explained in desperation. “At least she is not here now,” he answered with wistful relief.
“What—,” Inon started to say, but he was interrupted a loud thud as the door burst open. Inon and Ammar sprang to their feet, each drawing their swords against the man who stood panic-stricken in the doorway.
“On your knees before the king,” Inon commanded. The soldier at once fell to his knees and touched his forehead to the ground. “What do you mean by entering the king’s chambers without his summons?” Inon asked.
“Forgive me, merciful Vua,” the soldier begged in an accent. “But I bear grave news.”
“What is that?” Sheiji asked slowly, annoyed at being interrupted in the midst of an important conversation.
“Please, Vua, do not condemn me, for I was called upon to bring these unhappy tidings,” the soldier trembled.
Sheiji sighed, but found his annoyance fading, “You are pardoned for your interruption. Now, what news?”
“Sui-Tsai is dead, honorable Vua,” the soldier said, speaking in a whisper.
“Dead? By whose hand?” Sheiji demanded.
“His own, Vua.”
“How? He had no weapon,” Sheiji asked.
“We know not, Vua. He fell upon a sword,” the soldier replied. “We suppose he bribed a guard to get it.”
“He had no money. My men searched him thoroughly,” Sheiji spoke to the soldier. “When did he do it? Was the sword still with him? And sit up, I can’t hear you when you mumble into the floor.”
“It must have been some time last night. The sword is there, but it has no markings,” the soldier answered, sitting up timidly.
“What is your name, soldier?” Sheiji asked him.
“I am called Jihaad Habib,” the soldier replied.
“Jihaad Habib?” Sheiji asked. “You were a part of Sui-Tsai’s army?”
“Yes, Vua,” Jihaad wept. “I deserve to die for it. Death would be better than life anyway.”
“Did you join the army by choice? Are you loyal to Sui-Tsai?”
“I despise Sui-Tsai,” Jihaad said. “He murdered my wife and children and threatened to kill me if I didn’t side with him. What else could I do?”
Sheiji’s face softened as he imagined how he would feel if Sui-Tsai killed Sahima, “He killed your family?”
“Yes,” tears ran down Jihaad’s cheeks as he sobbed silently. “I had five little children. He killed my two oldest, a daughter and a son. You may as well kill me for treason. I have no reason to live anymore.”
“I will not kill you,” Sheiji replied. “I do not kill for fun or without a good reason. You have suffered enough sorrow to last you a lifetime and you have three other children who need you.”
Sheiji turned to Inon, “Inon, please find out which guards were on duty last night. Search them for bribe money and see if any are missing their swords. Report back to me as soon as you have done this.” Next, he turned to Fa-Ying who was watching Jihaad curiously, “Fa-Ying, would you make the funeral preparations. He will be cremated and placed alongside our relatives in the crypt. Prepare a proclamation of his death and send it out through Imatsuro. It will hopefully cause all those who had remained loyal to Sui-Tsai to switch their loyalties to me…” Sheiji trailed off as he saw Fa-Ying trying to hide a smile. “What?” he demanded.
“Forgive me, Vua,” Fa-Ying answered. “You sound just like your father—like a man. I’m proud of you, Sheiji.”
Sheiji smiled slightly. His smile faded into puzzlement as he saw the look on Jihaad’s face, “What is it, Jihaad?”
“Your name is Fa-Ying?” Jihaad asked, addressing Fa-Ying.
“Yes,” Fa-Ying replied slowly, looking suddenly very old.
“Fa-Ying, son of Yaasmeen?” Jihaad asked again, eyes wide.
Fa-Ying nodded wordlessly. Sheiji stared in confusion.
“Then you…” Jihaad’s voice cracked. “You are my father!”

Chapter 39
Emperor Vishou of Nakuchi paced angrily before his ornate throne in the large throne room. He was growing impatient waiting for his advisors. Surely five in the morning was not too early an hour to please the Emperor’s wishes! Apparently his advisors didn’t care, for they took their time in rising.
At last, the men came shuffling in, rubbing sleep from their eyes and looking just as annoyed as the Emperor. “What have you summoned us here for?” asked Egamer, the first advisor.
“I hope it’s important,” grumbled Palesh, the second advisor.
“Likely it’s about a new wardrobe for His Majesty,” muttered Atran, the third advisor under his breath.
“Read this!” Vishou shoved a crumpled letter into Atran’s face.
“Fa-Ying, advisor to his Majesty Vua Sheiji-Yueng, king of Imatsuro, etc. etc. Respectfully to his Majesty Emperor Vishou Loromi—,” Atran began aloud.
“No, no,” Vishou said irritably, tearing the letter away from Atran and scanning through it to the part he wanted. “You may rejoice that your daughter Sahima Loromi, heiress of Nakuchi, is alive and well under our care…We shall begin planning for the wedding of Sahima and Vua Sheiji-Yueng as soon as possible…”
Atran’s face paled.
“Tell me how this happened, Atran,” Vishou said in a dangerously low voice.
“I…I…don’t know, Your Majesty,” Atran stuttered. 
“Tell me!” Vishou roared.
“I couldn’t kill her. I couldn’t kill a helpless baby. She looked so innocent. I couldn’t kill her, not when I had a daughter just her age. I took her far away! I took her to Imatsuro and left her in a dark alley. I thought she would die there,” Atran wept in fear of his life.
“You will pay for this,” Vishou said. “Guards, take this man and kill him and his family. Burn his house and all his belongings.” Vishou proceeded to give detailed directions as to the gruesome death he wanted Atran to face. Then Vishou turned to his other advisors, “Sahima must not live. Aruj must become emperor.”

“Fa-Ying!” Sheiji exclaimed. “Fa-Ying, are you all right?” Fa-Ying had slid off his chair and now lay limply on the floor with his eyes closed. “Fa-Ying,” Sheiji said again. He turned to Jihaad, “Go get the doctor for…for your father. Hurry!”
Jihaad sprinted from the room after a quick but respectful bow to Sheiji who paid no attention. He knelt before Fa-Ying and felt for a pulse. Ammar also knelt beside the old advisor.
“It was too much of a shock for him and he’s fainted,” Ammar explained. “But I suspect he’ll wake up and be all right in a short while.”
As Ammar had said, Fa-Ying woke before the doctor arrived, but he did not look well. His face was ashen and his eyes wandered aimlessly around the room.
“Just lie here and rest until the doctor comes, Fa-Ying,” Sheiji told him. Fa-Ying gratefully lay back on a pillow Sheiji brought from his bed.
The doctor arrived presently and proceeded to look over Fa-Ying. After a thorough examination, the doctor ordered Fa-Ying to bed and had several servants deliver him there, despite the weak protests that Fa-Ying made. When Fa-Ying was gone, Sheiji asked worriedly, “He will be all right, won’t he?”
After a long pause, the doctor replied solemnly, “In time. If he rests as I have prescribed. He must stay in bed and not exert himself for a week at the least.”
“But I’m being crowned king in five days,” Sheiji protested. “We have much to do.”
“It is vital to his recovery that he doesn’t get out of bed for at least a week,” the doctor replied. “The coronation will have to go on without him. As for the preparation, you’ll have to find someone else. Fa-Ying is not to be worried with anything, good or bad. I suspect that the stress has been building on him all this time. Protecting a king and stopping a usurper is a difficult task. The weeks in that horrid prison didn’t do much for his frail health either. The news that he had a son, the soldier told me all about it, just sent him over the edge.”
Sheiji hung his head. If it hadn’t been for him, Fa-Ying would be fine. Sheiji caused him all this stress and he hadn’t made it any easier by disobeying Fa-Ying. He said so to Ammar.
“No, Sheiji. I have talked much with your Fa-Ying these past days and with Inon who knows him well,” Ammar replied. “Fa-Ying would be glad to give his life for you. If it wasn’t for you, Inon says, he’d be dead by now. He lives by sheer will, knowing he still has much to do.”
“Where is Jihaad?” Sheiji asked. “I must speak with him.”
“Don’t condemn him, Sheiji, it’s not his fault,” Ammar said.
“Condemn him? I’m not going to condemn him,” Sheiji assured the general. “But I must talk to him about a certain matter of importance. As soon as Inon returns from searching for the man that provided Sui-Tsai with a sword, I would like you to begin organizing my army and teaching him how control the men. Would you do that, General?”
“Of course, my lord. That is the reason I stayed here,” Ammar answered. “I will leave you now, if you like.”
“Thank you,” Sheiji sighed. He turned to the doctor, “Where did Jihaad go after he talked to you?”
“He said he had something to do at home and took off,” the doctor replied. 
Sheiji frowned. “General, see if you can find out where he lives. Then send a messenger to tell him to come here as soon as possible.” Ammar bowed and left the room. The doctor reminded Sheiji not to bother Fa-Ying with any worries and followed General Ammar out of the room.
At last, Sheiji was alone. Well, not completely. Servants stood outside his door waiting for his command, but his room was empty. He sank down on his bed and cupped his head in his hands. Everything was going wrong. Sahima had left him, Sui-Tsai had taken his own life, and now Fa-Ying lay ill. His head ached from thinking about Sui-Tsai, worrying about Sahima and about her father, and from trying to get his kingdom back in order.
In a sudden burst of anger, he wondered why he had to be king. He longed for the carefree days of his street life where his only worry was how to get food in his stomach and where to sleep at night. Maybe he could sneak away, just for a short while. He could go find Sahima and apologize to her. He could be free one last time before being tied down with ruling the Kingdom of Imatsuro. 
Sheiji shook his head. He couldn’t do that. Not anymore. He had responsibilities. There were people counting on him and looking up to him. He had to stay here, no matter how tortuous it was. If Sahima didn’t return on her own, he would have to live without her. He couldn’t go look for her now. That thought was like a knife cutting into his heart. But perhaps it was really best that she was gone. It was safest, anyway, if his speculations about Emperor Vishou turned out to be true. With that last thought giving him slight peace of mind, Sheiji fell into an exhausted sleep.

Chapter 40
“Good morning, Jihaad,” Sheiji greeted the soldier who knelt on the ground in submission. Jihaad mumbled a reply and Sheiji continued, “How long have you lived in Imatsuro, Jihaad?”
“Almost twenty years, Vua,” Jihaad replied.
“Do you feel you know the customs and laws of Imatsuro and of this palace?” Sheiji questioned.
“I know them.”
“Bring your children to the palace, Jihaad,” Sheiji told him. 
Jihaad froze. A look of terror filled his eyes and he gasped, “Please, Vua,” he begged. “You may beat me or torture me or kill me, but don’t harm my little children.”
 “Jihaad, whatever made you think that I would hurt you or your children?” Sheiji asked. “I am not angry. What you said yesterday is not what caused Fa-Ying to become ill. It was only a small part. Don’t fear. I won’t hurt you. In fact, I want to make you First Advisor to the King until Fa-Ying becomes well. Will you accept the position?”
“Your servant does not deserve such an honor, Vua,” Jihaad replied. “My humblest thanks to you, Vua.”
“Now, go get your children and bring them back here. I have rooms ready for all of you. Take this with you,” Sheiji pulled one of his many rings off his finger and handed it to Jihaad. “This will give you free access to the palace and grounds, and will mark you as my advisor. We will talk of your pay when you return and then of your duties.”
Jihaad bowed himself out of the room.

At last, things began to fall into place. Sui-Tsai was cremated and shoved away in the crypt, the bribed soldier was found and punished, and preparations for Sheiji’s real coronation were nearly complete. It was then that he remembered Korin, the Zurielite servant boy that had tried to poison Sheiji just before he fled the palace. The boy had disclosed that he knew who had assassinated the king of Osaku, and now that Sheiji’s own kingdom was relatively at peace, it was time question Korin.
Sheiji ordered a thorough search of the palace, but Korin was nowhere to be found. Some said he had run away, others said that Sui-Tsai had killed him for failing at his mission to poison Sheiji. But Sheiji worried that the assassin who killed King Tuan had found Korin at last, and done away with him. Whatever it was, the coronation day was drawing near, and Sheiji was forced to put Korin from his mind.
Jihaad made a wonderful advisor. He was well versed in Imatsuran laws and customs. He could read well and write in the elaborate script of Tekelonnese. And he proved to be wise beyond his years, as Sheiji had hoped he would be. Jihaad’s judgment and advice reminded Sheiji of Jihaad’s father, Fa-Ying, yet in appearance and personality, they were as different as day and night. Jihaad was much calmer and less quick to change his mood as Fa-Ying was. He was much less casual with Sheiji than Fa-Ying was, but perhaps that would change with time. 
It was Jihaad’s planning that kept the coronation date from being moved back. He could, Sheiji discovered, organize a group of people and keep them to their task better than anyone else Sheiji knew. 
Coronation day dawned bright and beautiful. The people gathered below the balcony as early as they could to get the best view. Many came the night before and slept in the street. For Sheiji, the event was not as involved as his first coronation had been. There was no need to fast this time, as he had already been through that ordeal once. But one thing was the same. After a quick, light breakfast, Sheiji was hurried off to his dressing room where, for the next two hours, servants dressed him in a flowing robe made specifically for this event and tried to make him “presentable.” Sheiji did not understand how so much time could be put into the arrangement of a garment, but considered it a necessary trial, just this once.
Sheiji was led to the door of the balcony where he had been first crowned only four years before. Inon stood waiting by the door with Jihaad. “Shall I announce you, Vua?” Jihaad asked.
“Yes, thank you, Jihaad,” Sheiji nodded. He listened as the crowd grew quiet outside and Jihaad spoke. Sheiji glided through the door, which Inon held open. Sheiji stood on the balcony overlooking the city of Taiyunyi. He wondered if Sahima was somewhere among the crowd or maybe hiding in some alley of the city. Would she come back for his coronation day? Even if she just came to observe and not to let him see her? Was she even safe? What if something had happened to her out in the wild world? A thousand questions buzzed in his mind and he felt sadness welling up from his soul.
Jihaad cleared his throat softly. Sheiji half wondered how long he had been standing there, staring over the city. He closed his eyes and shook away the thoughts of Sahima. When he opened them again, he focused on the crowd below him. Thousands of people were waiting expectantly for him to say even one word. No one here today would ever forget what they heard or saw. It would be passed on from parent to child, grandparent to grandchild. They would say with pride, “I saw the king on his coronation day!” They loved him, for his regality, for his dignity, for the singular, quiet humility, which shone in his face.
Sheiji addressed the people, “People of Imatsuro,” he began. “Many of you have heard of my adventures: of the battles and trials that I had to face before I could stand before you today as your king. You have heard how I fled for my life, for the Usurper would have killed me, had I not left. You have heard that I brought back the army of my mother’s people and how we conquered Sui-Tsai and his army, thus making me king over Imatsuro as my father wanted.”
Sheiji paused and watched the people. Fathers lifted children onto their shoulders so as to give them a better view. Here and there, a squabble would break out when someone tried to push toward the front. The soldiers, stationed below for such a purpose, would soon get it under control.
“But there is so much more to the story than my leaving and returning. During the months I was gone, the Usurper ruled with a hard hand. Many died or were wounded in some way. Families were broken apart…” Sheiji heard a small sob behind him from Jihaad. “…and people were reduced to poverty by harsh taxes. This is not the Imatsuro my father ruled.”
There were murmurings of approval in the crowd. Sheiji continued, “While I was gone from the palace, I experienced your life first hand. I was laughed at, spit upon, kicked, chased, and called names…” there were horrified gasps and angry shouts down below now, but Sheiji continued, “…I experienced your life. I lived for all those months as a homeless orphan on the street, and nobody knew it. There were times when I was hungry and cold or when I had no shelter for the night. I must admit that I did steal food and various other items. I wish now that I had not. I wish that there had been some other way. I wish I could repay each and every one of you for what I took, but it would be impossible to remember. Therefore, I give my most sincere apologies to all those who lost profit on account of me…” the people shifted uneasily. 
“…I hope, though, that through all this, I have learned how you live. I hope that I will be a fairer judge of the lower class. Someone could tell me about your troubles until the day I die, but I would never understand unless I experienced them firsthand. Now I have. I hope to bring some change to Imatsuro for the better. Thank you all for coming today. I am honored to be your king. You have proved loyal and wonderfully kind to me.”
Sheiji bowed slightly from the waist and Jihaad placed the crown lightly on his head. One voice cried out, “Long live the king.” The people below took up the cry and began to cheer and clap. It started small, but within minutes, it rose to a deafening roar of approval. It did not die down even after Sheiji had left the balcony and the door shut behind him.
“Don’t expect that your speech will make anyone be more kind to beggars and street orphans,” Inon commented when they were back inside. 
“You may be surprised,” Sheiji smiled. “But I’m not expecting too much.”
“That was a wonderful speech, Vua,” Jihaad said in a husky voice.
“Thank you, Jihaad. Now, let’s go see your father. The doctor said you could visit him today for a short time,” Sheiji told him. “Of course, I want to change first,” he grinned.

Chapter 41
Sheiji, Inon and Jihaad walked together down the hall that led to Fa-Ying’s rooms. The doctor was waiting for them. “May we go in and see him?” Sheiji asked.
“Yes. He is doing much better and can stand to see his son. I told him you and Jihaad were coming,” the doctor said.
The doctor opened the door and Sheiji and Jihaad walked in. Inon entered shortly after, carrying a tray of refreshments. Fa-Ying was sitting up in bed on a pile of pillows. He was pale and weak, but his eyes were more focused and he smiled when he saw Sheiji.
“So you are king now, Sheiji?” he smiled. “I wish I could have been there.”
“He made a marvelous speech, Fa-Ying,” Inon told him. “And Jihaad placed the crown on his head himself. I suppose you know that Sheiji made Jihaad his advisor until you are well.”
“Ah, my son. Yes, the doctor told me,” Fa-Ying turned his attention to Jihaad who stood nervously at the back of the room. “Come forward, Jihaad.”
Jihaad stepped forward and took his father’s shaking hand in his. He had waited years for this day and now he could think of nothing to say. 
For a long time, the two stared at each other. At last, Fa-Ying whispered, “You look just like your mother, Jihaad.”
“And you look just like she said you would, though older,” Jihaad replied. “I feel I know you, though I’ve never met you. Mother told me everything she knew about you.”
“But I know nothing of you,” Fa-Ying answered with tears in his eyes. “I fear I have only a short time to get to know you.” Jihaad, too, had that fear, but he ignored it. If it was true, there wasn’t time to dwell on death.
Seeing that Fa-Ying was well, Sheiji motioned to Inon that they should leave father and son alone to talk. They said goodbye to the doctor and returned to Sheiji’s room.

Sheiji walked down an unfamiliar hallway, deep in thought about the reply he had received to a letter, written several weeks before. He was now headed to visit Mirala, poor girl, who had been living alone with her maids in the large Court of Women for nearly a year. He wondered how she had faired under Sui-Tsai’s rule. He had heard from the servants that she was well, only lonely and homesick. Sheiji had not been to visit her since he returned, but he had not forgotten about her. The letter in his hand was proof to that.
Arriving at the door to the Court of Women, Sheiji knocked. He heard a scuffling and shuffling inside as Mirala’s maids hurried to open the door. “De l’a?” Sheiji heard a frightened voice ask through the door in Hevanan. The voice repeated itself in Tekelonnese, “Who is it?”
“Sheiji-Yueng,” Sheiji replied. “I wish to speak to Mirala.”
The door was hastily opened and Sheiji saw Bina Manda, Mirala’s cousin, rapidly fluttering her eyelashes and smiling at him. “How can I help you, Vua?” she asked in a dreamy voice.
Sheiji remembered Mirala telling him that Bina wanted to marry him. “I wish to speak to Mirala,” Sheiji repeated.
Bina turned away quickly, but not before Sheiji saw the look of hatred on her face. “Mirala!” she called harshly. “Come here!”
Mirala obediently appeared from another part of the room. She walked with soft steps and downcast eyes. Again, Sheiji thought she looked like a timid mouse, this time, in the presence of a cat. Mirala raised her eyes and noticed Sheiji and her eyes held a look that Sheiji could not define.
“Bina, I wish to speak with Mirala alone. You may leave us,” Sheiji told her. Scowling, Bina stomped away. “Mirala, won’t you sit,” Sheiji offered. They both sat and Sheiji fingered the letter in his hand, wondering how to begin. Mirala stared at the floor in silence.
“Mirala, before I left, you told me you did not want to marry me,” Sheiji began. “But that you wanted to marry Mansa Kada. Is that still true?”
“Sa, yes, Massu,” Mirala replied in a whisper. She raised her eyes and looked at Sheiji. They were so large and round, unlike the small, narrow eyes of the people of Imatsuro. Sheiji realized that she had changed. She had grown up. She no longer looked babyish, but very pretty.
“Do you miss your family, Mirala?” Sheiji asked gently.
“Sa, Massu,” Mirala said mournfully. Her eyes turned to liquid and her body began to sag. She tried to stop the tears, but one choked sob escaped and all the solitude and homesickness of the past year, so carefully bottled up inside, poured out in a flood of tears.
Sheiji laid his hand on eleven-year-old Mirala’s shoulder and let her cry while he figured out how to proceed. After a time, her sobs quieted and Sheiji said softly, “You don’t have to marry me. I wrote to your father and he says your mother is desolate without you. He agreed to break off the engagement if you wish and let you marry Mansa.”
Mirala stared at him in shock. “You would let me go home?” she asked. “But then, who would you marry?”
Sheiji looked into the distance, wondering the same thing. Who would he marry if Sahima didn’t return? “I have found my first betrothed,” he told Mirala. “Yes, I will let you go home and marry whomever you wish. And I will even invite you to my wedding when I marry Sahima.”
Mirala smiled shyly, “Dyamam mas,” she said. “Thank you very much. When do I go home?”
“I will write your father again first thing tomorrow morning,” Sheiji told her. “We will arrange everything. Very soon, you will be in your homeland once again.”
Mirala’s smile widened to a grin and she bowed to Sheiji, thanking him over and over.
“Now, don’t let Bina be too harsh with you,” Sheiji smiled. “I’ll be back to see you soon, but I am very busy.”
“Massu?”
“Yes, Mirala?”
“You have been looking for Korin, no?” Mirala asked.
“Yes, I have,” Sheiji answered. “Do you know where he is?”
Mirala nodded and pointed wordlessly to a serving maid who hovered at the edge of the room. Mirala smiled proudly and spoke one word, “Kaminari.”

Chapter 42
Kaminari had pale skin and short, near-black hair. She wore a dress similar in style to Mirala’s and was about the same age and height.
“That is Korin?” Sheiji asked.
Mirala smiled, “They were going to kill him, so I brought him hear and hid him as my maid. I have so many, no one really noticed.”
Korin blushed at Sheiji seeing him in a dress.
“Korin, you don’t need to fear for your life anymore,” Sheiji told him. “If you’ll come with me, I’ll get you some proper clothes and we’ll cut your hair. Then you can tell me what we agreed to. Do you remember?”
Korin nodded, “Yes, Vua. Thank you.”

Soon, Korin was once again dressed as a boy. He sat across from Sheiji beside Inon and Jihaad who Sheiji had thought should hear Korin tell who had murdered King Tuan. Korin briefly told his story to the others. When he had finished he looked at Sheiji, “Now I shall tell you about the killer. I was sweeping out the hearth and preparing the fire for supper one night. It was earlier than usual and they did not expect me to be there.
“I heard footsteps coming as I was bent before the hearth. It was a very large hearth, it had to be big enough to cook all the palace meals. I crouched in a dark corner and hid. The footsteps came and stopped beside the hearth. ‘This is it,’ said once voice. ‘Put it in Tuan’s supper. It has no taste and will take several hours to kill. If someone tastes his food for poison, they will not die immediately, so Tuan will eat the food and die. No one will know he is sick until late tonight and you will have time to get away.’
“Then the other man took the pouch containing the poison and slipped it into his pocket. I bumped a metal ladle hanging next to me and they heard it. They pulled me out and I saw who the assassin was: the head cook. I tried to tell someone, but I didn’t know who to trust and the cook kept me busy all day. He could do nothing to me without arousing suspicion, so he kept me near him.
“Then, when we awoke the next morning and found the king dead, the head cook blamed me, saying he saw me sprinkling something into the food. He said I was a foreign spy. That’s when I had to flee for my life,” Korin concluded.
They sat in silence for a minute. Then Sheiji spoke, “But who gave the cook the poison? Why did they want the king dead?”
“I know that, too,” Korin replied. “I’ll tell you.”

“Egamer, Palesh, what are we to do?” Vishou screamed at his two remaining advisors.
“Your Majesty, I would advise that you send the most loving of letters to His Majesty Sheiji-Yueng in Imatsuro, requesting that your beloved daughter be sent home at once,” Egamer said. “Once here, we may get rid of her most easily.”
“But they must suspect nothing,” Palesh added. “No one must suspect that you killed her.”
“Yes, yes,” Vishou laughed in a deep voice. “Yes. An accident. Of course. Not my fault. An accident.”
“Of course, they may not send her,” Egamer replied. “If the wedding is to be soon, they may just have you visit her there.”
“Yes, yes,” Vishou replied. He thoughtfully stroked his beard. “Perhaps the same method as we used on our dear friend in Osaku?” he grinned.
“Ah, poison?” Palesh smiled. “Very good.”
“Let us not send a letter requesting Sahima to come here, for then we would have to somehow create an accident. It would be much simpler to poison her on her wedding day,” Vishou said and exclaimed with triumph and a loud guffaw, “It would break the poor little king’s heart!”
“I will prepare the poison at once,” Egamer said.
“No, just wait a moment. We must discuss one other matter,” Vishou said. “My son, Aruj. His wedding day also approaches.”
“Yes, I remember,” Palesh said. “With Princess Nam of Osaku. Only child of Tuan.”
“Yes. With Nam as Aruj’s wife, both his throne and Osaku’s will be ours. You know that Aruj is not very bright.”
“One thing, Majesty, that I do not understand,” Egamer interrupted. “Why is it better to unite Nakuchi with Osaku rather than Imatsuro? Imatsuro is larger.”
“You fool!” Vishou roared, swinging his hand at Egamer’s face. Egamer, quite used to dodging his master’s blows, ducked. “Imatsuro will come later. Then Jiwu and Kasara. Then onto the world. Osaku has the largest navy in the world! With them as our allies, we’ll be invincible. Besides, right now, we are landlocked except for the very tip in the west. We need port cities and Osaku can provide that.”
“Imatsuro has port cities,” Palesh suggested.
“But their navy is nearly nonexistent. We want the navy,” Vishou explained. “No, go on and prepare everything as we have discussed. And make arrangements for Aruj’s wedding.”

“The murder was commanded by Emperor Vishou?” Sheiji gasped after Korin had explained. “All because he wanted his son to marry the princess, inherit Osaku and get the navy?”
“Yes, Vua. I heard it all myself,” Korin assured them. 
“Korin, you will be greatly rewarded for this. But for now, I think it would be safest for you to return in your disguise to be Mirala’s maid. That is why I did not cut your hair yet. She will be returning to her family in Hevana soon, but we will find a different way to keep you safe when the time comes for her to leave. For now, this is our best option.”
“Yes, Vua,” Korin agreed for the sake of his safety. “She is kind to me. I really don’t mind too much.”
“Good. Here are your clothes,” Sheiji handed him the dress and sent him off to change.”
“Well, I suppose everything is tied up, then,” Jihaad said. “Mirala is going home, you know who poisoned Tuan and Korin is found. All that remains is to do something about Vishou and find Sahima.”
“There are still two stories yet untold,” Sheiji said.
“Whose?” Jihaad asked.
“Yours…and your father’s.”

“So, you want to know my story?” Fa-Ying asked. He was looking much better and the color was coming back into his cheeks. Jihaad’s daily visits had worked wonders on giving him back his strength.
“Yes, I want to hear it,” Sheiji answered. “And Jihaad’s as well. You never told me you had a son, Fa-Ying.”
“I never knew I had a son,” Fa-Ying said. “Only that my wife was with child. I never found out anything more. But I suppose I must explain that, too.
“My father was an Imatsuran soldier for many years. While stationed in Haytab, the desert country on the skinniest part of the continent, he met my mother a native Haytabi. For three years he stayed with my mother in Haytab, but then the army forced him to return to Imatsuro and leave my mother and me behind. I grew up in Haytab and when I was sixteen, I joined the Haytabi National Army. 
“I met Sultana, Jihaad’s mother, when I was twenty six and a year after that, I was appointed Assistant General to the Army. Sultana and I thought we could never have children, but apparently…” Fa-Ying glanced at Jihaad lovingly.
“When I was thirty, I was stationed in the northern part of Haytab,” Fa-Ying continued quietly. “Sultana wrote me and told me she was with child. I never learned if it was a boy or a girl, for I was captured after a battle with my father’s people, Imatsuro. I was made a slave in the palace and slowly, I gained the trust and friendship of the new king, Kawa. He gave me my freedom and appointed me as First Advisor.”
“You were a slave?” Sheiji asked, eyes widening. 
“Yes,” Fa-Ying said. “Few know who are alive today. It was long ago when I gained my freedom. Sui-Tsai knew. That is why he always called me Ying. Only a slave is called by his second name alone.”
Sheiji nodded. “Why did you never ask my father for permission to return to Haytab and see Sultana and your child?”
Fa-Ying’s jaw trembled slightly, “I did once. Your father forbade me to go. He feared I might not return and he would have been right. If I had seen Sultana and Jihaad…I could not have returned here alone.”
“But surely my father would have allowed Sultana and Jihaad to come home with you,” Sheiji argued. Fa-Ying shook his head sadly, but did not explain further.
“Jihaad, how did you come to Imatsuro?” Sheiji asked.
“Sultana, my mother, told me about my father,” Jihaad began. “She spoke of him so fondly. She told me stories of his bravery in battle and how much he loved her. And when I was old enough, she explained how he had been captured and taken away to Imatsuro. She didn’t know much about his capture, but she said what she could. I swore that I would find him as soon as I was old enough to leave home. And that’s just what I did. 
“I came to Imatsuro and found a job as a traveling merchant. I searched for Fa-Ying for years. The only thing I found was a wonderful wife. We finally settled down after our second child was born, and moved to Taiyunyi. We had five children. Just recently, Sui-Tsai’s men burst down my door, killed my wife and two oldest children and forced me into service of the army. But you know all that already. That’s all there is to my story.”
Sheiji looked at Fa-Ying through new eyes. He had never known much about Fa-Ying’s past, though he was certainly a strange man. Now as Fa-Ying lay exhausted on the bed, Sheiji wished he had gotten to know this man sooner. Because Fa-Ying had been around all of Sheiji’s life, Sheiji had taken it for granted that Fa-Ying would be around forever. But now he realized that Fa-Ying’s time was running out.

Chapter 43
Sheiji’s life as king became rather dull. The kingdom had been restored, taxes leveled off, and all traitors safely done away with. Sheiji had never been discontent with his tranquil life before, but now he found each day the same as the last and life seemed monotonous. Of course, there were occasional squabbles that arose among the servants, complaints from peasants, and councils with Sheiji’s generals. There were meals to plan and holidays to celebrate and guests to entertain. But it seemed tedious compared to the life he had lived with Sahima.
Sheiji became more miserable by the day. He spoke little and would sit for hours staring out over the city in bleak dispair. He began to lose his appetite, eating only a few bites at each meal. Of course, he tried to hide his depression, but everyone noticed. They really began to worry when he began to smile less. He had always been a happy child, quick to laugh and with an enchanting smile that lit up his face and made his eyes sparkle. But the glimmer of laughter in his round eyes was now replaced with a look of listlessness and misery.
Sheiji’s eighteenth birthday came and went and though a national holiday was proclaimed, it did nothing to lift his spirits. He laughed and smiled and joked with the guests, but his eyes lacked the joy he outwardly showed.
Fa-Ying was the first to notice the change in Sheiji, but he did not speak of it for many weeks. One night, Fa-Ying sat with Jihaad and brought the matter up, “Do you know why Sheiji is acting as he is?”
Jihaad shrugged his shoulders and sighed, “I don’t. But I’m terribly worried. I’m afraid he will just waste away. What do you think about it?”
“I know, I think,” Fa-Ying replied quietly. “There are two reasons, actually, but both are in part caused by the lack of activity to occupy his mind. The first reason, I began to suspect when his visits with me became less frequent.”
“What does that have to do with anything?” Jihaad asked.
“Ever since I was confined to my bed, I think he began to realize that I was mortal, just like any other person,” Fa-Ying explained. “I think he believed partly that I would be around forever. I’m getting stronger and I can get up and walk around, but I still grow tired easily and I will never again be as I was before he became king. Sheiji is afraid that I am going to die and visiting me here only reminds him of that dread.”
Jihaad nodded. “What is the second reason?”
“Sahima,” Fa-Ying replied. “He misses her and is afraid she will never return. I don’t know how she feels about him, but I know Sheiji loves her. You’ve seen him staring out over the city. He’s watching for her, or imagining himself down there with her. I don’t know which.”
“Do you think she’ll return?” Jihaad asked.
“I thought she would, and so I told Sheiji,” Fa-Ying said. “She’s stubborn, even more so than Sheiji. I can’t say anymore whether she will return or not. I begin to think she will not.”

“Jihaad, I would like your advice on something,” Sheiji said one morning as they met to discuss the day’s activities. It was the first time in several days that he had begun a conversation.
“That is what I’m here for,” Jihaad replied. Sheiji had begun to notice that Jihaad no longer spoke to him like a master, but more like a friend. They were not yet very close, but Jihaad was coming around.
“Now that the Kingdom seems like it’s under control, do you think I could go look for Sahima?” Sheiji asked. “I know I couldn’t stay away for long and that I can’t go alone, but do you think I could go with an escort—Inon or you, perhaps?”
Jihaad thought for a minute, “How do you plan to find her? Imatsuro is a large country. You can’t search every city. Your chance of finding her is one in a million.”
“I know,” Sheiji answered, looking dejected and growing quiet once again.
“But I’m willing to try,” Jihaad said. “Go get changed and I’ll make some arrangements. Is an hour too soon?”
Sheiji grinned and his eyes held a new respect and friendliness for his advisor, “You would do that for me?”
Jihaad nodded, “You would have helped me find my wife if she had been lost. I’ll do the same for you.”
“Thank you, Jihaad. I’ll be ready in an hour.”

For two days they had been walking, searching for Sahima. Sheiji had an intense fear that she was sitting in some dark prison cell without food or water, caught for stealing. So they searched every prison. He worried about her lying sick in an alley. So they searched every alley.
Now, after a thorough search of the past two cities, they had struck out on a lonely country road, which led to the next town. The countryside was beautiful this time of year, but Sheiji could not focus his attention on that. His eyes flitted nervously from the road ahead to the rice patties on either side. 
It was planting season and the women, with their brightly colored skirts rolled up to their knees, were bent double in the ankle deep mud. Gently they placed the seedlings upright in the sticky ooze in which the plants would flourish. It was a perfect rice year. It had rained just enough at the right time and the patties were rich and ready to nourish the baby rice plants.
As Sheiji’s eyes scanned the rice patty for the hundredth time, he stopped dead in his tracks. He watched the women plant. He scanned the field again. His eyes rested on one of the younger women who worked swiftly beside a nimble-fingered old woman. Something about the young woman made stop and blink.
Though he had only seen her hair down once—the night she had wrapped his wounds with her turban—Sheiji knew he was looking at Sahima. Who else had such lovely hair as she? He could not see her face, for it was turned downward, her eyes on her hands that gently pushed the rice seedlings into the mud; but somehow, he knew.
“Sahima!” he cried. “Sahima!”
The woman did not lift her head, though several faces looked up in annoyance and amusement.
“Sahima?” Sheiji called. “Suyo!” he hollered, hoping to get her attention by that name. The woman did not even start at the name. “Matsuyo!” Sheiji half yelled, half wept. He ran toward her, trampling several rice plants. A chorus of angry shouts followed and Sheiji stopped.
“Are you calling her?” a middle-aged woman asked, pointing to the young woman. Sheiji nodded. “You know her?”
“I thought I did. I guess I was mistaken,” Sheiji said. “What’s her name?”
“We don’t know,” the middle-aged woman replied. “She’s mute. Doesn’t speak to anyone. Maybe she’s deaf too. I don’t know.”
“Has she worked here long?” Sheiji asked.
“A few months,” the woman shrugged. “The master only keeps her on because she’s such a hard worker. She can plant double what I plant in a day. She doesn’t eat much either. Doesn’t cost much to keep. Doesn’t complain about her wages. That’s why he keeps her on.”
Sheiji thanked her and made his way slowly out of the field and back onto the road. His spirit was utterly crushed. “We may as well go home,” he told Jihaad. “We’ll never find her.”
“Don’t give up so easily, Vua. We’ve only been gone two days,” Jihaad tried to cheer him.
Sheiji cut him off, “Let’s go. It’s hopeless. You were right. I should have listened to you, but instead I’m out here wasting time I could better use to fix up the kingdom. I’m sorry, Jihaad. Just take me home.”

Chapter 44
“Sahima!” She heard her name shouted from the roadside. “Suyo!” She didn’t need to look up to know that it was Sheiji. She would recognize his voice anywhere. But she could not go to him. She could not return to the palace. Sheiji had told her to leave. Her pride would not let her go back, though her heart broke.
Sahima bent her head and fought back the tears. She threw herself into her work, moving faster and faster until Nanami, the old woman beside her, scolded her for damaging the seedlings in her haste.
“Do you know him, child?” Nanami asked her in a quiet voice.
“No,” Sahima replied. Nanami was the only person she would speak to.
“He seems to know you,” Nanami argued.
“He must mistake me for someone else,” Sahima retorted. “Look, he’s leaving now.”
“But sadly. Child, why do you hide from him?”
“I hide from no one, especially not him!” Sahima said.
“Child, I have not grown ancient without learning a thing or two. You hide from him. Why?” Nanami asked. “Tell me the truth, child.”
“He told me to leave.”
“Oh?”
“Well, he was angry…with me,” Sahima corrected herself. “I spoke rudely to a good friend of his. He said I could be civil or leave, so I left.”
“And by hiding from him, you intend to punish him?” Nanami asked.
“I don’t like him,” Sahima said unconvincingly.
“Mmm hmm.”
“He’s probably only come to find me so he can scold me again,” Sahima said angrily.
“Child, am I right in thinking that he has felt your anger much more often than you have felt his?” Nanami guessed.
“Yes,” Sahima replied reluctantly.
“And when you grew angry with him, did he run from you and nurse his pride?”
“No.”
“What did he do?” Nanami asked.
“He left me alone to cool off and then he came back and apologized. Then we made up,” Sahima answered.
“If you intend to punish him by staying away, you hurt yourself more,” Nanami told her.
Sahima remained silent.
“You must do what you think is best. Do what your heart tells you. I can tell you what to do, but only you can decide whether to do it or not,” Nanami told her.
Sahima paused in her planting and looked thoughtfully at the baby rice plants. Then she threw her arms around Nanami and hugged her tightly, “Thank you for everything, Nanami. I’m leaving you now, but thank you for everything. You won’t go unrewarded. Thank you.”
“Go on, child.”
“Nanami, you asked me a while ago what my name was. I told you I didn’t have one. But I do. It’s Sahima,” she told Nanami.
Nanami smiled, “So I heard. Now, if you run, you can still catch up with them.”
Laughing and weeping, Sahima waded through the mud as fast as she could go. She didn’t care that she was trampling a row of seedlings. Her only thought was to get to the road and find Sheiji before it was too late. Reaching the edge of the patty, Sahima scrambled up the side and stepped onto the road. She began to run. Her bare, muddy feet pounded against the hard-packed dirt.
It was difficult to run in a skirt and, working in the rice patties, she had never had the opportunity to practice that skill. She stopped, quickly tied her skirt into trousers and began to run again. People stopped and stared at the muddy, bedraggled girl who ran as if a tiger was after her, but Sahima didn’t care. As she drew near the city, the crowd thickened and Sahima began to fear that she would never find Sheiji and the strange man who was with him.
Then, up ahead, she saw the familiar face. She ran faster, shoving and elbowing her way through the crowd until she was within shouting distance. “Kitu!” she cried.
Sheiji stopped and turned, his eyes searching desperately through the crowd for the voice who had spoken his name—his peasant name. He could not see her. She had been swallowed up in the crowd. With hands raised to his forehead, he sheilded his eyes from the sun and continued to search the faces.
Suddenly, a pair of arms circled his waist from behind. Sheiji turned and looked into the face of a grinning girl. “Sahima!” Sheiji cried, drawing her close. They stood for a long time, weeping in each other’s arms while Jihaad looked away. At last, though, Sheiji said they must go on and they continued on their way, holding hands. Jihaad walked behind them with his hand on his sword to guard them.

Chapter 45
Sheiji spent every free moment with Sahima after that. Whenever he could, he included her in his meetings and audiences with common people. The people already adored her and admired her beauty. But no one loved her more than Sheiji did.
In less than a week, they would be married. Wedding preparations were nearly complete. Invitations had been sent out, including one to Vishou, Sahima’s father. The meal was planned, the ceremony rehearsed and the decorations and wardrobes prepared. Sheiji had not told Sahima of his suspicions about her father, for he didn’t want her to worry, but he had not yet figured out what he was going to do to stop Vishou.
Then it came to him late one night as he was lying in bed with a thousand worries on his mind: Korin. When Mirala had left for Hevana with her entourage, Korin had been hidden in the army barracks under the disguise of a servant to Inon. Sheiji figured that there was no safer place to keep him. Inon was Sheiji’s most faithful friend and loyal general, not to mention a marvelous fighter.
Now, what if Korin went back to work in the kitchens? He could keep an eye on things and perhaps even prevent the poison from being put into the food. As he had explained to Sheiji long ago, he was small and could hide in places most adults could not. And they would be suspecting an adult spy.
If Korin could catch them in the act of trying to poison Sahima, and with Korin’s testimony of Vishou poisoning King Tuan, they would have plenty of evidence to do away with Vishou. Then Sahima would be safe and Korin would no longer have to hide. But how could they catch Vishou. They would need more witnesses than just Korin. Sheiji mused over his new idea.
Early the next morning, Sheiji went in search of Korin. He explained his plan, which Korin bravely agreed to try. “Vishou will be arriving the day after tomorrow. You will have to watch every day, from the minute he gets here to the minute he leaves.”
“With the wedding coming up and so much food to prepare, it shouldn’t seem at all suspicious that you would hire another kitchen boy, Vua,” Korin added.
“Yes. Do you think you could start today? It would be more suspicious if you started the day Vishou arrived.”
“I can start whenever you need me to start, Vua,” Korin replied.
“Good, I’ll tell the cook and you can start immediately. Remember, I’ll have soldiers stationed nearby. You need only give the signal and they’ll move in and arrest whomever Vishou sends with the poison,” Sheiji told Korin as he left.

The wedding day dawned and Sheiji was up before the sun. Excitement distracted his mind and took away his appetite. Restlessly, he paced across his room as he waited for his servants to arrive and for the long hours of bathing and dressing and fussing to commence.
In the enormous Court of Women, Sahima was waiting in a similar fashion. She had braided and unbraided her long hair seven times in the past hour. She had tried to sit down and practice her embroidery, which the palace maids had begun to teach her, but only made a mess of it in her impatience.
The guests had all arrived. Vishou first, meeting his daughter with an exaggerated amount of affection, which made even Sahima suspect something fishy was afoot. Mirala and her family arrived next. Mirala told Sheiji with overflowing joy that she was now betrothed to Mansa and would be married in less than a year. King Naro and Ariuk arrived. Ariuk was indeed doing well and was almost completely well. Occasionally he would get an excruciating headache which would put him in bed for days, but that was the only lingering symptom. 
At last, after eating a small lunch, Sheiji and Sahima were led along different passageways to the throne room where their wedding would be held. Sheiji stood on the platform below his throne dressed splendidly in a red tunic sewn with gold embroidery. Fa-Ying leaned feebly on a servant as he stood waiting for his role in the ceremony. The guests were gathered together on either side of the room, waiting with anticipation for the bride to appear.
The doors opened to admit Sahima, carried on the shoulders of two royal guards. She was dressed in white with the same golden embroidery that covered Sheiji’s tunic. Her jet-black hair was piled ornately on top of her head and a net of gold held it in place. Her neck dripped with gold and jewels and only Sheiji and her dressing maids knew how she had protested this extravagance.
The guards lowered her from their shoulders and she stood across from Sheiji. The priest—not the traitorous EL-Yoran—said many words over the young couple. Jihaad, as First Advisor, also added his blessing. The ceremony was the longest Sheiji ever had to endure, but at last Fa-Ying’s part came. Aided by a servant, he walked forward to stand in front of Sheiji and Sahima. Taking a half of the ring from each of them, he slowly pushed the two halves together. The room watched breathlessly. It was so quiet that Sheiji even heard the click that the two rings made as they slid together. “As the rings become one, so these two, Vua Sheiji-Yueng and Princess Sahima, are now one,” Fa-Ying said. “May this ring, and these two, never be separated.”
They were married.
Great celebration and feasting followed. From that moment until late at night, there would be singing and dancing. The guests soon devoured the food, which had taken days to prepare. Even the peasants, who had not been invited to the ceremony or celebration, had their own parties at home. There was not a man, woman or child in all of Imatsuro who went to bed hungry that night. Sheiji ordered that on this night, the beggars, the orphans and the homeless were to enjoy their own feast at his expense.
They were celebrating not only the marriage of Sheiji and Sahima, but also the joining of two countries: Imatsuro and Nakuchi. By this marriage, the two held a strong political bond. Sheiji ruled Imatsuro and Sahima ruled Nakuchi, and together they ruled a fused nation. It was not rare for such things to occur. The present Kingdom of Imatsuro had been formed by the marriages of heirs. But never had two countries as large as these been united in this way.
As the night progressed, Sheiji became increasingly more worried. He knew that Vishou would have to act soon, if he had not already, or it would be too late to poison Sahima. Sahima noticed his preoccupation, but Sheiji would not tell her his fears.
Halfway through the night, a man ran into the banquet hall and fell to his knees before Sheiji, trying to speak through his gasping breathing. Sheiji made him rest a moment. It was late enough in the night that most of the men were too drunk to even notice the stranger, but several did, pointing and whispering in loud voices.
“Vua,” the man panted. “Korin says that the affectionate falcon has made the dive toward its prey.”
Sheiji stood hurriedly.
“What is it, Sheiji?” Sahima asked.
“Nothing,” Sheiji whispered. “Just stay near Jihaad and Inon.”
Sahima watched him follow the giver of the strange message. She saw Vishou shifting nervously in his chair. His eyes also followed Sheiji and then turned to look at Sahima with a piercing gaze.
“So, daughter, do you like your new husband?” Vishou came to sit beside Sahima.
“Very much,” Sahima answered.
“Yes, he is a wonderful man, I’m sure,” Vishou said.
“Vishou, if you lay a hand on her,” Inon warned.
Vishou’s eyes flitted to Inon’s side where a dagger was concealed. “I would never harm my daughter, would I, Sahima?”
“N…no,” Sahima said uncertainly.
“Right,” Vishou smiled. He put an arm around Sahima who squirmed uncomfortably.
“Vishou,” Inon warned in a voice barely audible.
“Daughter, won’t you have some more wine?” Vishou asked, ignoring Inon. He motioned to a servant standing nearby. The servant came forward with two goblets of wine on the tray. “Do have some, it’s quite good,” he urged Sahima. “I believe I’ll have some myself.” He reached for the goblet nearest to him.
“No, sir,” the servant stopped him. “I believe this one has a bit more. Too much wine isn’t good for a young girl like the Queen.” The servant handed Vishou the other glass.
Sahima took the goblet of wine, which was offered to her and drained it quickly, much to the horror of Inon and Jihaad. Sheiji came back into the room just in time to see her finish off the last drop.
“NO!” he cried, running to her side and taking her in his arms. “Sahima!” Vishou smiled and turned away satisfied.

Chapter 46
Sahima had been quickly ushered from the room followed by a weeping Sheiji. The other guests, unsure whether or not the feast was over, sat and waited. Most were, by now, too drunk to care and many were passed out with their faces in their supper.
Sheiji explained through his tears his suspicions of Vishou, which had proved to be true. Korin had caught a man putting poison in Sahima’s wine, but the guards did not catch him before he reached the throne room and gave Sahima the goblet.
Now Sahima wept too. She wept at the thought of dying and of the thought of leaving Sheiji alone to rule Imatsuro. She wept because her father had turned out to be evil, as she had feared and the only father she had ever known and loved—Yoson—was not here to be with her as she died. They sent for him, but Jihaad said he would not arrive in time.
The hours crawled by. It was agonizing for Sheiji, waiting and watching. They tried to talk, but eventually fell silent. They only sat side by side and held each other. Waiting…waiting…waiting…

Emperor Vishou sat on the floor retching into a bucket. His stomach felt as if it were on fire and his head felt light. His hands shook when he lifted them to his face and he was losing control of his limbs. His servant stood in the corner, waiting to dump the bucket when Vishou had finished throwing up for a few minutes.
“What’s happening to me?” he moaned. His heart thumped rapidly in his chest and he felt like he was going to be sick again.
“You are dying. I’d say you have about twenty minutes left,” the servant replied calmly.
“What did you do?” Vishou wailed.
“I must have mixed up the wine,” the servant shrugged. “I guess you got the poison instead of Sahima.”
“YOU!” Vishou roared. “WHY!”
“You had my father murdered so you could have his wife as your mistress. Then you killed my brothers and my sister and made me your slave. Don’t you think I have the right to hate you? I’ve been planning my revenge for years. Then, here you come along with a plan to poison your daughter. You put me in charge of poisoning the wine, practically writing your own death sentence,” the servant explained.
Vishou roared again and struggled to his feet. He advanced toward his servant, but his legs could no longer support him. He fell to the floor, striking his head on the bedpost and spilling the bucket of vomit.
The servant turned away from the disgusting sight and left the room.

The next morning, Sahima was still alive and well. Everyone considered it a miracle, until the news was brought that Vishou lay dead in his room. It did not take long to figure out that somehow a mistake had been made and Vishou had received the poison instead of Sahima. But no one suspected that it had been intentional. 
Vishou’s entourage returned home, carrying the body of their dead emperor. Sahima was officially named Empress of Nakuchi, now that her father was dead. But neither Sahima nor Sheiji cared about her new title. They were wrapped up in each other; being recently married and Sahima coming back from the dead.
Soon, however, they turned their thoughts to their work. They had two countries to rule now and Nakuchi was in a state of disorder. It was hard work, but there was never a more rewarding job. Sheiji and Sahima were loved by the people and were already being called the greatest rulers in history…but so are many rulers.
Sheiji and Sahima did much to reform Imatsuro. They made laws, which benefited the people and raised the living standard. Under their rule, poverty decreased, new homes were built, and jobs created to support the population.
But every ruler has his shortcomings. While Sheiji worked to help the poor and the common people, he ignored the rich and the aristocrats. He taxed them on their wealth and made them provide better housing, pay and working conditions to their serfs. This of course, caused the upper class to look upon Sheiji with contempt. But it was impossible to please everyone. For the most part, Sheiji and Sahima’s rule was a glorious and peaceful one. And though one day there would again be strife in Imatsuro, Sheiji and Sahima would not live to see it, but leave the job of restoring peace to the children and grandchildren they would one day have.

Epilogue
One day in mid spring, Fa-Ying lay near death on the Death Bed. Jihaad stood beside him, listening to the last advice his father gave. Fa-Ying told of his days as advisor to two different kings. He described what he had learned and what he would have done differently. He would not tell everything, though, for he said, “Some things are better learned firsthand.” But he did his best to guide Jihaad in how to guide Sheiji.
Inon, too, stood nearby, thinking of all he had learned from the noble Fa-Ying. It was Fa-Ying, he realized, that he tried to pattern himself after. It was Fa-Ying who taught him loyalty and bravery and friendship, just by being who he was. He wished that he could have known Fa-Ying longer, but he was thankful for the time he had.
Fa-Ying was ready to die. He had lived a good life and now his mission was complete. He had guided Sheiji from a young and trusting child to the remarkable man he now was. From the very first, he was sure that Sheiji would make a noble king, and he had been right. He had never swayed from that belief. He was ready to go except for one thing.
The door opened and Sheiji walked in, proudly. In his arms he held a cloth-wrapped bundle, which moved very slightly when Sheiji shifted it in his arms. The crowd parted as Sheiji moved forward until he was beside Fa-Ying. He knelt, transferred the bundle into Fa-Ying’s waiting arms.
“Fa-Ying, meet my first child, Princess Aya-Amari.”

About the Author
Mera Delwiche is a freelance writer who grew up on a small farm, playing games of make-believe that became the basis for many of her stories. From 19th century pioneer journeys to medieval romances to adventures in a dozen different countries, she enjoys creating stories that will transport the reader to another world. When she is not writing, you could probably find her reading classics and historical fiction, spending time outside, or with her family. She has written several yet unpublished works, including romance novels Changes Love has Wrought and Memories Lost in Sleep.
