

Gun Crazy


Jim Nash Collection #1


By P X Duke
Copyright © 2022 P X Duke

ISBN 978-1-928161-17-2


This first Jim Nash collection includes three short stories: Pirate Cay, Thrill Kill Jill, and Greetings from Key West.


Disclaimer
What follows is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author’s imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.


10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3




Jim Nash Read Order

Marina Mystery
Twisted Sisters
Sleeping with a .45
Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings From Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop to Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All The Glitter
Mexico Time
Partners In Crime
Shop Till You Drop

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper

Gun Crazy 1

Contents

Marina Mystery
A dead body introduces Detective Jim Nash to Coroner Allie Sands. Despite warnings from just about every woman working in the same building, Allie throws caution to the winds while helping Jim solve a murder. As their relationship deepens, someone is intent on digging a grave for Jim deep enough that he will never climb out.

Twisted Sisters
Detective Jim Nash has a problem. He has a murder victim in an alley and a dead woman in his bed. His own homicide division wants to charge him with murder. To say he’s got serious commitment problems would be an understatement. He's on the lookout for twins, but he doesn't want to date them. He wants to know who murdered them.

Sleeping with a .45
Detective Nash still has a couple of problems. He doesn’t know who killed the woman found dead in his bed. As if that wasn’t enough, someone is trying to kill him, and the killer’s methods aren’t very inventive. In fact, they’re pretty old-fashioned. His boss says he’s too close to both crimes and won’t permit him to investigate. The women in his life fare only a little better. Lucy and Zelda narrowly escape an attempt on their own lives.

Pirate Cay
Jim Nash and faithful companion Zelda are bound for a long-awaited vacation in the Florida Keys when he checks his messages and discovers that an old flame needs his help. After a brief consult with the new woman in his life, Jim heads west to Panama Crossing, where he becomes embroiled in the rough seas and rocky shores of drugs, guns and money.

Thrill Kill Jill
Retired detective Jim Nash is well on his way for a second much-needed vacation with the two favorite women in his life. When he pulls off the highway into a rest stop, his girlfriend disappears without a trace, leaving him and ever faithful Zelda in the lurch. Left to his own devices when the local PD refuses to let him file a missing person report, Nash pulls out all the stops in his attempt to find the missing woman with Zelda as his backup.

Greetings from Key West
Allie talks Jim into a vacation in the Keys, where trouble finds them once again when they cross paths with a woman and her little girl being harassed by the locals. It’s not long before Zelda’s tracking abilities are called upon to restore things as they should be.

More by P X Duke

About the author



Marina Mystery
I BECAME INVOLVED in the investigation completely by accident. The murder case I was working on crossed paths with high-class hookers hanging out at marinas. They were there to service the boats that arrived and departed.
Boats was probably a misnomer. In fact, I knew it was. These weren’t boats. They were high-end yachts. Floating residences. Homes away from homes. Some were big enough to come with butlers and chefs.
Initially, I figured there couldn’t be much of a market for prostitutes at the yacht club docks. Even if there was, surely these guys brought their own with them. How else did all the good-looking women in bikinis figure into the equation?
And then I learned that boat-owning, horny millionaires wanted nothing more than to escape wives and families and business pressures. Some didn’t want to set sail out of the harbor.
That was news to me. It shouldn’t have been. Perhaps it was only me, but I figured that if a man was wealthy enough to own a sailboat or a yacht, that ought to be escape enough. It would be for me. But then, I was a simple S.O.B. when it came to things like that.
And I knew I’d never be in that position. Well, maybe with a canoe one day and missing paddles the next. I knew my limits, too.
The problem I had was tying the hooker in the water to the marina and one or more of its wealthy denizens. If I knew one thing for certain, it was that a rich lawyer-or more likely, an entire firm of lawyers-would be on call at the drop of a hat.
In this case, at the drop of a prostitute’s underpants. The best I could hope for would be a few interviews where everyone said they knew nothing, hadn’t been anywhere near the marina on the day in question, and thanks but no thanks to everything else.
Which was why I asked for a coroner to meet me. I wanted all the lead time I could get. Knowing when the woman ended up in the drink would help me narrow down the comings and goings around the marina.
If I got real lucky, someone would have security camera feed for me to look at.
Once the hookers got under sail, it was only natural that, along with everything else, drugs got carried, too. It was supposed to be classy. It was anything but. Usually, the coke-starved individuals got too much of a good thing. Bodies ended up dumped into the ocean.
Sometimes, dead hookers defied the odds and drifted ashore. That’s when I got called in to figure out what went wrong. Which is why I got involved in this marina thing.
High-class hookers don’t look any different from low-class hookers. With one exception. They seemed to dress better and carry more expensive purses. And they were younger—at least until the drugs got to them and took over.
Then, they looked like and behaved like addicted street hookers everywhere.
Call me prejudiced if you want. I don’t mind. When you’ve got my experience, prejudice sometimes goes right along with the job.
So I’m on this floating hooker thing that got fished out of the harbor near to the marina. I had to meet up with the coroner somewhere. I figured I’d kill time looking at the boats in the marina on the way, since that’s all I could afford to do.
Looking is cheap.
Sort of like hookers, until you had to pay up for services rendered.
The floating hooker had no purse. No pockets. No bra. No panties. She didn’t have any cash on her, either. Unless she had it tucked away somewhere private. In that case, it wasn’t my job to look for it. It was up to the coroner.
That’s when I got a first look at Allie.


I’d heard about her, of course. Well qualified and experienced, she was slowly making a name for herself in the city’s M.E. office. Some of the detectives on the force liked her no-bullshit attitude when it came to investigating. A few more didn’t like it when a woman shot their pet theories to-hell-and-gone with unassailable facts.
They probably didn’t like that she was tall, either. With long, dark hair and eyes to go along with the tall. Slim, but not flat, if you get my drift. Personally, I didn't mind as soon as my eyes found her.
I enjoyed having nice things to look at. It made my day go appreciably better. And faster. Even if I was stuck with a naked, floating hooker with bad teeth and track-marks running up one of her arms and down the other.
She didn't have a ring. Allie, that is, not the floating hooker. That’s the first thing I looked for these days. I never used to.
Until I had to start.
One too many times I’d come up with a married woman’s husband filing a complaint with the department. Ever since the last one knocked the wind out of me because I fell in love with the woman, I looked for rings.
No rings was good.
The woman on the end of the wharf with the long hair and the skirt blowing in the wind was good, too. I caught a look before she caught her skirt. Nice.
She didn’t even blush.
—You the coroner I’ve been hearing so much about?
—I guess. Whatever that means. I’m Allie Sands.
—Jim Nash. I’d shake, but I’ve got a naked hooker on the end of my line and I don’t want her to get away. You’re not dressed for fishing. I’ve got coveralls in my car if you want a pair.
—Thanks. I’ll take you up on that offer. I was on a day off when I got the text.
I threw her the keys. She did a one-handed catch. The other kept busy holding down her dress. She already knew I had hungry eyes.
—Jim Nash. Do I know that name? It sounds familiar.
—Nah. I’m one of the quiet ones around here. Head down. Keep my mouth shut. Do my job. Go home and try to live a different life until I have to punch in again.
—It’ll come to me. It always does.
That’s what I was afraid of, but you never know. Just maybe what comes to her won’t be all bad.


The body floated close to the wharf. It bobbed up and down like a cork in what little swell made it past the breakwater.
—So what have you got for me? It looks like the fishing wasn’t so good for someone.
—Probably a dead hooker. Rotten teeth. No clothes. No purse. Drug addict by the look of her arms. Can’t tell her age. Probably tossed overboard when she OD’d. Or she fell overboard and nobody cared. Or pushed overboard just to watch her drown.
—Nice crowd you hang with. You get nightmares often?
—Only when I sleep alone. You?
—Not much bothers me. Just part of the job. Where are those coveralls you handed me that line about?
I tied off the small boat and the hooker on the end of the rope.
—Follow me.
She handed back the keys. I led her to my car and opened the trunk. I could tell Allie had moxie right off the bat. By the time I straightened up, she had dropped her dress, slipped out of her blouse, and was bending over to reach in for the coveralls.
I had a double good look when she bent over again to pull them on.
—Thanks. I needed that. Dead hookers will do that to a man sometimes.
—You’re welcome. What do you like to do when you’re not working?
If she was going to ask me out on a date, that was a new one on me. Normally, I didn’t like to associate with cops after work. It was too depressing in the dark bars they hung out in. A coroner, on the other hand, would definitely be a step up.
Even so, I ignored the question. I’d have to think about it. Just because a woman on a dock, in plain sight, gets undressed in front of me in broad daylight, didn’t make me an easy date.
To put it another way, I was no pushover.
Yeah, right.
—Is no one coming to help you?
—No. We’re short staffed. Give me a hand with the bag and tag, will you? Have you got gloves?
—Have I got gloves. Let’s go.
I helped Allie slide the slippery, heavy corpse out of the water. Together, we lifted the poor woman onto the wharf. She flipped her over for a look at her back. Did a quick inspection of the rest of her. She looked into multiple orifices. Didn’t find anything.
Except teeth. The girl had all of her teeth. They were good, too. Not like I initially thought.
—She’s young. Pretty good looking before spending all that time in the water, too.
—How long?
I already knew she couldn’t answer definitively until she got her on the block.
—A day. Two max. Maybe. Maybe not.
—Thanks for the solid answer. It’ll make my investigation go that much smoother.
I helped to tuck the body into the black bag. She zipped it shut with a satisfying sound.
—Look. You know as well as I do that I’m going to have to get her back to the office to do the proper work. Cut me some slack.
I knew. In fact, I knew so well that I was grinning at her like a man that just caught the biggest fish of his life. Except, I’d never been fishing. Ever.
—In that case, I’ll see you back at the office, Allie Sands.
I opened the car door.
—Wait. What about my dress?
I knew she’d be there until the wagon arrived. She’d have to wait with the body.
—What about it? You looked pretty good to me without it.
That got her blushing.
—I’ll bring it with me—if I don’t end up putting it under my pillow for luck.
—If you put it under your pillow, keep it. I wouldn’t want to rob you of happy times between the sheets.
She was a smartass, too. I liked that about her right away.


All I had to do was try to figure out if the woman in the water had anything to do with the murder on the yacht tied up in the harbor. It belonged to a venture capitalist. I was looking to him for more information.
Greg Vice—yeah, I know—was found on his yacht in this very marina. Someone had stuck a needle into his arm, pushed the plunger down all the way, and hadn’t taken the time to pull it out.
Or maybe he did it himself.
Whoever he had on the boat with him was long gone. One, none, or a hundred, I had no idea. The marina’s security cameras were out with a failed server. No backup available.
Which is usually par for the course. They all cheap out on the backups once they figure out the bill of goods sold them on the surveillance system.
The night watchman, the day watchman, and the marina regulars saw nothing. It wouldn't be good for business if they gave up all of their secrets, anyway. Even I knew that.
So I was at a dead end.
The only viable solution staring me in the face was that of a public pissing contest that Greg had gotten into with another VC-venture capitalist-over the funding and purchase of a resort property down south. Their deal had started out as a partnership. Then one or the other, depending on which story one believed, started taking money from the accounts on the sly.
Bank statements said they were both guilty of that part of it. It was probably standard fare if one wasn’t shy about those things. By the look of it, neither was shy. By the look of it, it was a tossup who would get murdered first over that kind of money. As it turned out, it was Greg Vice.
Yeah. I know. That name again. But I couldn’t hold it against the man that Vice liked vice. And vice versa.
Or that a man with two first names was the prime suspect.


Robert George was a self-made man. By the time he hit his early twenties, he’d made his millions from a couple of smartphone apps. Being a bit of a dinosaur with a flip phone myself, I didn’t hold it against him. That he hadn’t turned into a complete asshole impressed me, too.
I mean, really, when you’ve made your first million at such a young age and didn’t turn into an instant asshole, there was something to be said for your upbringing. And your family.
I met them all when I stopped by the mansion they shared in an upscale neighborhood. Robert had purchased the property, complete with a second house on the enormous lot. He lived in the smaller house.
The rest of the brood lived in the main house. They included a mother, a father, and two sisters. I met the sisters when they answered the door in stereo. The pair of them took turns flirting.
I decided on the spot that if I was ever given the chance, I’d tag-team them. It seemed to me as though they agreed with my decision. When one left to get the parents, the other tried to sit in my lap while I was still standing up.
—I’m sorry, but you’re going to have to wait for your sister before anything happens.
—No problem. That can be arranged.
Footsteps interrupted what was turning into a mutual admiration society of two. All I needed was sister number two, and I’d be in heaven. Then mom and dad showed up to the party.
—You must be Mr. and Mrs. George. I’d Detective Nash. I’m here investigating a murder on a yacht in the marina.
—That’s horrible. Do you have a suspect yet?
Obviously, these two hadn’t watched many TV detective shows.
—No, but we’re working a couple of angles.
—We don’t own a boat, but our son does. My husband and I get seasick, so we’ve only been out once.
—We’re interviewing everyone who has a boat tied up at the marina. Is he here now?
—He lives in the smaller house in the back. Girls, why don’t you take Detective Nash to see your brother?
I left a card.
—Call me if you remember anything.
Once the door closed, the sisters surrounded me on the walk to the rear of the mansion.
—Don’t we get a card too?
I fished for one. The dishwater blond put it in the back pocket of her cutoffs.
—Where’s mine?
I reached for another and watched as bleach blond tucked hers into ample cleavage. I wondered if there might be a cell phone in there somewhere, too.
There was definitely room.


The sisters deposited me at the door to the house.
—So long, detective. We’ll see you later.
It was all I could do to keep my jaw from dropping, and it wasn’t at the long legs and fine rear ends in retreat.
If this was what the parents called a small house, I sure couldn’t tell. Judging by mansion number two, the venture capital business looked to be doing pretty well. I punched the button and waited. I looked hopefully in the direction the sisters had disappeared. They were nowhere to be found.
The door opened to a man in his mid-twenties. Tall, about six-three. Blond hair to match his sisters—although at least one of the sisters was bottled. I had expected a kid with too much money who knew it. What I found was an entirely different story.
—I’m Detective Nash. Are you Robert George?
—I am. Can I help you?
—Possibly. May I come in?
I followed him into the massive foyer.
—Do you live here alone?
High-pitched laughter announced the arrival of the sisters. I thought they had beaten a too-hasty retreat. I should have known better.
—He’s mostly alone, except for the times he stacks them up like cord-wood upstairs.
Robert blushed somewhat painfully at the dig.
—Ignore them. They’re trouble.
Somehow, I already knew that. I figured it was going to be a matter of how soon and how much.
—Come on, you two. Cut me some slack. The detective wants to ask me some questions. I don’t need you putting words in my mouth in front of him.
Doors closed. We were alone.
—You probably know why I’m here, but I’m going to tell you, anyway.
News headlines notwithstanding, I explained about finding Greg Vice dead on his boat in the marina. I didn’t mention anything about the needle in his arm or the empty wine glasses that had been scrubbed clean. Security cams had images of Robert George and his car in the lot earlier in the day. They showed him entering the building and proceeding to the restaurant.
That’s where the footage ended, and everything went dead.
—Can you tell me what transpired after you walked into the building?
—I had a meeting scheduled with Greg. We were on the verge of an agreement on the southern property regarding how we’d split the proceeds. You know, whether we would sell it, or go ahead with the construction. Once we finalized verbally, we’d be leaving it to our respective representatives to put it on paper.
—Was the meeting cordial?
—At the start, yes. But towards the end, with Greg drinking his lunch the entire time, it started to come apart.
—How so?
—Greg fell back to his position that I had screwed him out of the property. That wasn’t true. His name was still on the deed.
—Why do you think he believed that?
—He was pretty adamant about it. You can ask the servers. I don’t know whether it was his lawyers or his partners causing the trouble. I had hoped it wouldn’t be my problem, but obviously, with him dead, it’s become a major problem.
—Where did you go when you left the restaurant?
—I went straight to my office.
—Did anyone see you?
—Not that I recall. It was Saturday, remember?
I thanked the man for his time and departed. Somehow, I managed to avoid the sisters.


I packed up Allie’s skirt and blouse in a paper evidence bag and headed out to the ME’s office. On the way, I tried to put it all together, but it was too early. Even so, there was motive. Hundreds of millions of dollars of motive.
Opportunity was another matter. No one could have known that the security cams would be out of service around the entire marina complex. George couldn’t possibly have known about the outage.
Hell, half the staff, including the security guards, didn’t know about the failure. They were dumb enough to think that if they could see a picture on a monitor that the system was recording it.
On the way by, I turned into the marina. A little fraternization wouldn’t hurt when it came time to ask more questions. Imagine the surprise when I spied the sisters at the bar, yukking it up and flirting with the bartender.
I watched for a few from the doorway. On the spur of the moment, I decided to join them. I knew better. I always did. I always ignored the knowing better part, sometimes much to my dismay. This would probably turn out to be one of those times.
It was after quitting time, though. I was my own boss now.
Number one elbowed number two. When she turned around to face her sister, she almost fell off the stool.
—Well. Look what we have here. It’s a detective.
—In that case, since my reputation precedes me, I won’t need to show a badge.
That got a smile and a giggle.
—Do you think we should dial 911, or should we just tie him up and take him home?
—Our house, or his?
—Let’s go to his. Come on, detective man. It’s now or never.
I chose now.
The women piled into the unmarked car, flipped on the lights and siren, and generally screwed around all the way to my place. It was a tossup as to who was the nuttier of the two. By the time I got them upstairs and quieted down, I decided all three of us were crazy.
Morning couldn’t come soon enough. When it did, it blossomed into someone pounding on the door at a pace that matched the pounding in my head. I struggled to untangle from the pile of girl parts and somehow managed to push them out of the way.
Normally, I’m the kind of guy that likes to see a woman at my door any time of the day. Today was an entirely different matter, because when I eventually made my way, it turned out to be Allie on the outside. Looking in.
—Nice pants. Who does your laundry?
I knew by the smile and the two cups of coffee she brought that she was happy to be here. And I was happy to see her until I was reminded of what I had in my bedroom.
—Jim, are you ever coming back? It’s not time for work yet.
Allie’s smiling face turned to one of curiosity. Thankfully, she didn’t toss the coffee.
—Is this a bad time?
—Well-
The women pushed past both of us and headed down the staircase. At least they were dressed.
—So long, Jim. It’s been a slice. We’ll call you.
I shrugged and stepped back, not sure if that deserved a comment.
—Obviously you didn’t hear me. Is this a bad time?
I considered for only a split second.
—Not any more. Come on in.
I almost fell over when she did. I turned around and went in search of something to wear.


Allie motioned with the coffee.
—You look like you could use some of this.
—Yes I could. Thank you. Now if you’ll give me a couple, I’ll be right back.
I danced through the shower in record time, dried, dressed, smoothed the sheets and made the bed. Damned if the last two people out of it hadn’t bothered.
—All right. I feel presentable now.
—You don’t look it.
—Thanks. You look great. To what do I owe the honor of your drive-by so early in the day?
Allie didn’t answer right away. She was busy looking around, taking the place in. I had to admit, there wasn’t much to take in. I lived a spartan life. My job was my home—at least, up to now, it had been.
I took a better look at this woman who had the balls to show up uninvited, bearing gifts. Hell, she deserved a second look. She made everything in my place look cheap, and she wasn’t even wearing a little black dress. The dark slacks and the white blouse hid just enough to make a man wonder what she might be covering up.
Since I was a man, I wondered, even though I’d had a partial look the day before.
—By the way, the evidence bag was a nice touch. Tacky, but nice.
—I figured you wouldn’t want me walking around your office with your clothes in my hands. It was the best I could do on such short notice.
—Thanks for that bit of discretion. Now I remember the name.
Oh-oh. Here it comes. I waited.
—All the women in the building told me about you when I first started.
That was a strange one. I had never put the moves on any of them that I could remember.
—What did they say?
—Two words.
I marveled at the fact.
—Only two?
—Yes. Stay. Away.
—All the women?
—Pretty much.
—Still here you are.
—I have to be a fool for punishment.
I took a slug of cold coffee.
—Only if you keep coming back. There’s a little place across the street—
—That’s where I got the coffee.
We walked across, accompanied by the noise of her heels clickity-clacking on asphalt. I quite enjoyed the sound. It wasn’t coming from a stripper’s Lucite heels nor a hooker’s screw-me pumps, two things I had become quite familiar with in my last case.
—You were going to tell me what you were doing on my side of town so early.
—It’s about the water in your floating dead hooker’s lungs.
Allie looked pretty sure of herself. Hell, she ought to. From what I had been told when I began asking, she was one sharp cookie.
—There’s no doubt. The water in her lungs is sea water.
Damn. She even knew what I was thinking, and we had only just met. Perhaps she had a natural skepticism.
—So that means—
—Yes. Whether she fell or was pushed off the boat while still alive is yet to be determined. I have to go back and take another look at all of it.
Accidental drowning? Not likely. When a hooker showed up, the last thing she would think about would be a swim. Thrown off the boat would be more like it. Falling off in a drug-induced coma wouldn’t be far off the mark, either.
Allie wiped away the donut sugar lingering on her lips with a napkin. I thought it was the cutest thing I’d ever seen. Up to now, I hadn’t been paying attention. Normally, by now, I’d have looked.
So I did.
The sun had left a light outline where a wedding band once had been. A thick one, judging by the width.
I thanked the sun god and pretended not to notice. Instead, I filed it away.
—Anything else?
So she was just separated or divorced. What else could there be? Kids? I didn’t think so, but you could never tell for sure. I looked at her and pretended to listen.
—An addict. Track marks up and down both arms and on the feet. Bruises around the neck, possibly acquired during an attempted strangling. Not enough that it was the cause of death.
—Do you have a cause?
I thought I’d like to make her a cause, although I’m almost certain that she’d have something to say about that. I let her go on.
—Not yet. We’re waiting for toxicology. That’ll tell us if it was a drug overdose that contributed to the drowning.
—So it could have been an OD, intentional or otherwise.
—Perhaps. Like I said, we’re waiting on results.
—So there’s no chance that she was moved?
I thought about that for a minute.
—She couldn’t have fallen into a salt-water pool, could she? And then been moved? Where are you parked?
—In the alley. Why?
She probably didn’t want to be seen anywhere near my place. I couldn’t blame her.
—Leave it there and come with me.
She didn’t ask where we were going. Instead, she got in, sat down and shut up.
The more time I spent with her, the more I liked her.


I drove and asked the questions. She was a mid-west girl. Sensible until it came time to decide on a career. She chose modeling for a while, until she figured out that it was a nowhere job to a nowhere end. Drugs and bulimia scared her off of that.
She ended up in university with a part-time summer job digging graves to help pay the bills. She considered stripping. Said she had the body for it, but decided against that, too, even though she was desperate for the cash.
I had to agree she had the body for it. After all, I’d seen it before a pair of coveralls blinded me.
It all worked out when she graduated. And then she went back for more. Seven years more.
I had to admire the balls to do that when you’re broke. But she had paid it all off, and then some. Now she was in the market for a house.
—We’re here. Come on in with me. I’ll distract the good-time girls while you get a sample. Have you got a vial or something?
—I’ve got a plastic bag. I can tell them I’m looking for goldfish. Wait, the good-time girls? You don’t mean-
—The pool is behind the big house.
I caught her looking up at the house behind the gate.
—Not that one. It’s the one behind it. You can sample that one on the way out.
—Holy shit.
—Yeah. That’d be the guy to bag if you wanted someone to buy your house for you.
—No thanks. I want to do that on my own. I have principles.
She obviously knew that I didn’t. I had been the one with the nerve to drag her to the home of the twisted sisters with which I’d become entangled the night before. The very same ones that had greeted her at my door.
—Jim. You came back.
The two women scurrying towards me slowed in lockstep when they got a look at Allie.
—Oh.
Scowls replaced grins.
—You brought that one.
I didn’t need to be an expert with women to know that wasn’t a good sign.
Allie ignored the snark and walked past them without giving them so much as a look. At the pool, she bent with the baggie to take a sample. It didn’t go well.
By the time I helped her out, she had enough of a sample to set aside. She rushed up to sister number one. A roundhouse punch knocked the girl into the pool. She was fast on track for number two by the time I managed to get an arm around her and carry her off. Her feet kept on moving.
—Come on, champ. I have coveralls in the trunk just for you.
Just like last time, she stripped down and donned the outfit.
—This is getting to be a habit. I’m sorry I don’t have dry underwear for you.
—There’s not one chance in hell I’ll be putting on any underwear you had in there. I’d be worried all day where it came from.
Touché. She had me.
—I don’t think we should go back to the office like this. There’s a laundromat across from my place-
—It’s almost like you planned it this time.
If only I could be so lucky.


I found a clean bathrobe for her and trundled across the street to do the laundry. I stopped at the bakery for fresh coffee and donuts. By the time I returned, Allie had disappeared.
—What the hell are you doing in there?
A mess of bedding lay piled at the foot of the bed. Obviously, she’d gone through the place to find clean sheets.
—I didn’t get any sleep last night. Now take those downstairs. Before you bring them back up here, make certain they’re clean, or I’m never coming back.
And that, as they say, was that.
I disappeared for a couple of hours. I came back with fresh laundry. I was forced to watch the woman change again. This time, it was different.
She got naked. So did I.
Perhaps she had misheard all the women in her office.


The fridge door opened and slammed shut in a second.
—There’s nothing to eat.
—I don’t want to sound like I’m making excuses, but had I known you were coming, I’d have baked a cake.
That wasn’t a lie. I damned well would have for this one.
—Yes, well, don’t expect me on a regular basis. Keep the cakes to a minimum or they’ll go stale.
Allie stood in the door, her fine figure outlined by the light streaming in from the living room. She had a great body to go along with everything else about her.
—Don’t be such a showoff and come back here.
—Not on your life. I’m sticking with what the women at the office said.
—It’s too late for that. When you show up, it’s definitely not staying away.
—Where’s my clothes?
—Why don’t I get up and help you look?
—You’re already up. Why don’t I get back in bed instead?
—Make up your mind, would you?
—No. It’s my job as a woman to keep you unbalanced.
—You’re certainly doing a good job of that, let me tell you.
It was true. There was no sense in denying the obvious.
—Now let’s get going. And don’t forget to go in your car. If you ask me for a ride, I won’t be able to say no. I wouldn’t want to start any rumors after just being introduced to you.
—In that case, you definitely need to know you can’t expect this on a regular basis.
Allie did a bounce and a pirouette and headed for the living room.
—Come on, Jim. Rise and shine—and not the way you want to rise and shine.
We took our separate ways to our respective offices with promises to stay in touch. I’d heard that one more than a time or two. It was code for don’t call me, I’ll call you.
So I didn’t.


Instead, I put everything into the case and still came up with nothing. I got an email from Allie. It confirmed that the water in the hooker’s lungs wasn’t from the George pool she’d taken the header into.
At the end of the day, I went home. I would have slept like the dead but for the scent of the woman still in my bed. She kept me awake well into the morning.
Which was why I heard someone walking on my tar-paper and gravel roof at three a.m.
The only other people in the place were at the opposite end of the strip mall. They ran a dog grooming business. The suite I was in had been an afterthought by the owner of the building. He thought having an apartment on the roof would keep problems away.
It did, too. But not tonight, apparently.
I kept an ear pealed and went for my pistol and badge. One can’t be too careful these days.
The Molotov cocktail crashed through the window right in front of me. In a split second I returned it through the same broken glass. It landed with a shattering sound and a thump. Gasoline fumes ignited in a deep orange glow.
I knew for sure I’d never hear the end of this one. Out the window, my precinct car burned brightly. I’d set fire to my own car.
I dialed 911 and waited for the verbal abuse I knew would come my way in short order.


When the smoke cleared, I took a taxi to the precinct. Like good cops everywhere, someone had radioed ahead. A ceremonial guard had been formed along the street to herald my arrival on foot. I gave my impression of a royal wave and climbed the steps. At the top, I turned and made them all think I was about to give a speech.
Instead, I rushed into the building, only to be greeted by more applause and laughter. I’d be a long time living down the fact that I had set fire to my own cop car.
Even Allie got in on the deal. Smartypants had left a message volunteering to do forensics on the car.
By the time I filed my preliminary report and landed it on the Captain’s desk, I was ready to approach the auto pool. I ended up with a brand-new black and white, complete with Christmas tree.
Right off, I figured I’d stalk Allie. I was hoping the toxicology report might be in. On the way, I picked up a couple of coffees and headed over.
—Is it in yet?
—You’re not that well-endowed. If I feel anything, I’ll let you know.
I snickered before handing over a coffee. I settled into a chair across from her desk for the long haul.
—It should be here any minute.
—Did we miss anything on the body? Tattoos? Scars? Anything?
—No. But there were signs they had tied her up. Nautical rope judging by the pattern.
—So she was on board a boat.
—More than likely.
—Any of a hundred. Or more.
—There were small amounts of teak wood and some fiberglass in one of the cuts. A nice light blue.
—Which only narrows it down by half.
—You’re right. She most likely wouldn’t have gotten that in a pool.
—She wasn’t moved and dumped. Here’s what we’ve got so far. A dead hooker swimming in the bay. Drowned or OD’d. By who or what we don’t know. Carted out or fell out of a boat. Free to swim with the fishes and wash back and forth with the tide.
—That sounds about right to me. Did you bring donuts?
I looked around before replying.
—Judging by what I saw last night-
—Fat chance.
I droned on.
—Maybe what we have are two entirely different crimes. If there’s nothing to put the two together. And no, I didn’t bring you donuts. I’m concerned about spoiling your girlish figure.
She grinned.
—It’s nice to know you were thinking about me, at least.
I was thinking about her, all right. I was thinking about how I’d be getting her back in my bed sooner rather than later.


I didn’t know it when I dialed 911 to report the burning car in my front yard, but homicide had been busy picking up Robert George. He ended up charged with the murder of Greg Vice, his business partner in the resort deal. People higher up the chain of command obviously knew more than I did.
From what I could tell, the evidence was circumstantial. They wanted to send a message and put the fear of the lord into him. All the better if it would scare a confession out of the man, too.
Robert asked to see me, rather than call an attorney. That was a new one on me. I gave him the benefit of the doubt, checked my firearm at the door and made the walk to his holding cell.
Disheveled, stripped of belt and tie and shoelaces, he looked beaten. He was nothing like the man I had seen in the million-dollar residence.
—Have your folks been to see you yet?
—Not yet. They’re on the way.
—What about the two crazies?
—They left town for a trip up north to the Hamptons.
—Fly or drive?
—They chartered.
Of course. When you’ve got access to money, why fly commercial? It seemed strange that they got out of town just as Robert was arrested. I’d need to think some more on that.
—You might not get out on bail, you know.
—I know. The evidence is circumstantial, though. Perhaps the judge will take that into account.
—Is there anything you can tell me—even the craziest thing—about your partner? Anything at all? Even if it doesn’t seem related.
He thought briefly.
—Greg used to be in electronics. High end, top secret stuff used in espionage. Cameras. Transmitters. Long-life miniature batteries to power it.
—You think he might have something like that on his yacht?
—It’s possible. He liked to put together videos of the better parties on the boat. Perhaps that’s how he got the footage.


Well damn. Now I had an excuse to tear apart a yacht. To cover all the bases, I went for a warrant, and in three hours, I had all I needed. On the spur of the moment, I decided to see if Allie might be available to help. I should have known better when she cast a glance in the direction of my new black and white.
—Nice ride. Where's the ticket book and what’s your quota?
—For your information, I haven’t been demoted. This is a loaner. I’ve been warned that if I damage it in any way, I’ll never get another until the day I retire. I’ll be using my own car until then.
I grinned, turned on the lights and siren, and left rubber at the light. I should have known no one would stop. I made it through the intersection, but not before seeing a minor traffic pile-up in the mirror.
I couldn’t be bothered to call it in. I knew better.
I picked up a pass key to get us through the gates at the marina and headed for Greg Vice’s yacht. Water slapped against the side. The yacht club flag shifted about in the light wind. Mid-morning sun danced off the water. It was peaceful.
—Too bad you didn’t bring your bathing suit. We could party down and see what showed up to participate.
—I’m not playing lot lizard just so you can get a free look. If you want to see any more of me, you’ll have to buy me dinner.
—You keep forgetting. You already showed me everything there is. How does Chinese sound?
—Not everything. And it’s my favorite.
Not everything? What had I missed?
—Grab a pair of gloves and let’s get started.
We spent a couple of hours tossing the boat. We came up with nothing. Nada.
—Let’s do it again.
We’d gotten another hour into it and still nothing.
—I can’t believe this. Are you sure he had cameras on this thing?
—No. But there is a chance, considering how he made his money.
—How small could they possibly be?
That sun dancing on the water got caught up on a bit of glass to light it up. I took a closer look. Sure enough. I took out my knife and cut through the teak frame.
—Well I’ll be damned. Take a look at this.
—Now we know what we’re looking for, at least.
By the time we finished scouring the rest of the boat a third time, we’d come up with two dozen of the things. Now all we needed was a recorder. With a miniature power pack, that could be anywhere.
—I'm thinking that it wouldn’t be anywhere near the engine to avoid electrical interference. Not by the nav gear, either. Or the radar.
—What does that leave us with, besides the rest of the boat?
—Grab my flashlight and take a look in the bow.
Allie was back in ten minutes, with a sweat sheen and a dirty face. She’d tied the arms of her coveralls around her waist, revealing the perspiration soaking through her sheer blouse.
—You’re hot once you get a little dirt under the fingernails.
—If you want to see what I’ve got, you’d better be nice to me or else.
—Or else what?
—Or else you’ll be wishing you still had my dress to put under your pillow to help you sleep and dream.
She wasn’t smiling.
—Have you got anything that will play this?
I think she already knew better.
—Are you kidding me? You’ve already seen everything I have, including the empty fridge.
—Then we’d better head to mine.

—Well I’ll be damned.
—Yes, you will. I’ll damn you to eternity if you ever sleep with those twins again.
—That’s not what I was talking about.
—I was the one talking about it.
Allie resumed loading the high-speed memory card.
—Look at that.
—I’d say we just solved the case. Speaking of which, do you have a warrant?
—A warrant? What the hell is a warrant?
Her jaw dropped, and I patted my pockets as though looking for one. I fished it out. I didn’t want her to think I’d taken her on an illegal goose chase.
—Yes, I have a warrant.
—That’s good enough for me. Now we need to get those disk drives into the proper hands.
—The guys are going to have to go through that boat again in case there’s something else we missed.
I was happy. The recorded evidence cleared Robert George. It also cleared up how a dead hooker floating in the ocean had ended up that way.
—We should celebrate.
I hoped for the best, while thinking that Allie would probably turn me down because of those damned twisted sisters.
—What did you have in mind?
—I know a great little hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant.
—In that case, why don’t you pick something up and bring it over to my place later?
—What’s the matter? Are you afraid one of the office drones who warned you about me might find out you ignored their warnings?
—Something like that.
—Would you like anything special from the menu?
—We’ll see after I let you in.


I signed in the evidence. On the way out, I stopped into holding to let Robert know. He seemed to be doing pretty good, all things considered. He did even better when I let him know what I had found.
—It won’t be long before you’re out. Hang in there. You’ll be all right.
—I owe you big time for this. I won’t forget it.
—You don’t owe me anything. I’m just doing what I get paid to do.
—That may be true, but even so—
I was starting to feel good about my job. Just so it didn’t go to my head, I cut Robert short and left.
I stopped at home, showered down, cleaned up, and passed a razor over the stubble. Clean pants, a pressed shirt and the gun tucked into my back left me feeling pretty good.
I felt even better leaving the shirt untucked to cover everything up. Allie was younger than me. I needed every advantage I could give myself.
I shot the breeze with the owner of the restaurant while I waited. He and his family had come here twenty years ago. Eventually, he had managed to save enough, and opened up this place. He’d never looked back. You couldn’t even get an American dish in the place. It was all Chinese, all the time.
When Allie greeted me at the door, I knew right away dressing up a bit had been the right thing to do. I was actually sorry I hadn’t done a better job.
—You clean up pretty good, girl.
—And so do you—for a cop.
—Gee, thanks. I think.
—What did you bring me?
—Besides me, you mean?
—No. I’m talking about food. What did you bring me to eat?
—I’m fine. How are you?
She ignored me and pulled the bag from my hand. I followed behind a woman in a little black number just about long enough. Dark stay-ups and pump-me shoes completed the picture.
I’d just have to see about those shoes.


—How was Robert doing when you saw him?
—Relieved that it was over. He promised me the world for doing what I get paid to do. I doubt that he’ll ever come through with anything. It rarely turns out that way when they’re in a hurry to forget the bad parts.
She nodded.
—You’re probably right about that.
—Can I set the table?
—It’s already set. Go and sit down.
Candles burned, lights went out, and we dug in.
—Finding those recordings put the icing on the cake. Who would have known there were two hookers on the yacht without them?
—The guys will have her in the back of a squad car in no time. Robert is one lucky son of a gun.
—All right then. Enough about work. Tell me everything you want me to know about you.
—Ladies first.
Allie got up from the table.
—Who’s doing the dishes?
—I’m not sure yet. Come with me.
She didn’t have to drag me into the bedroom.
—My condoms are under the bed.
—So you can reach them from the floor?
—Sometimes.


It was all good. I was happy that an innocent man was proved innocent, thanks to a cop. A guilty person was nailed by the victim’s own spy gear. And I had a new friend.
—I can’t find the condoms.
—That’s because I keep them far enough under the bed that I can use not having any to throw out whoever I want. I don’t want a man getting comfortable enough to move in.
—That’s harsh.
—No. That’s the way it is. Oh, wait. It feels to me like you might be ready for another one. Why didn’t you say so?
—In that case, why don’t we look together?


Twisted Sisters
THE CALL-OUT DEMANDING that I do my duty came on one of those dark nights with no moon and no chance of one, given the cold drizzle accompanied by an all-enveloping dreary fog. Weather never much hindered an investigation, but it didn’t make an unpleasant task any more pleasant. And I was never happy to be dispatched to one of these, no matter the weather or the time of day.
One of these was a body on its back in a dark alley. Blood and two bullet holes stared back at me when I turned on my flashlight. I pulled on the gloves and rolled the torso only part way over for a quick look, not wanting to disturb the crime scene. I aimed the flashlight and discovered a hundred-dollar bill beneath the corpse, and let the body roll back to its original position.
My light swept the ground close to the body. No shell casings. No pool of blood. The rain wasn’t hard enough to wash it away. I widened the search area around the body. Nothing there, either.
It looked like the body was moved and dumped. Pump and dump, we called it. As in pumped full of lead in one place and moved to another. I squinted into the drizzle and took a quick look for cameras. Probably none. Who put cameras in a dark alley?
The overall picture was unusual, given the circumstances. It was unusual in the sense that the woman didn’t look like a hooker or a drug addict or both. She was a good-looking girl. Well-dressed. Her clothes appeared to be expensive. Not too much makeup. Hair in place. No track marks on her arms when I moved the sleeves to look.
The woman was young. She had a dark jacket covering up a white blouse. A couple of buttons undone on the shirt. Just enough to say maybe, not enough to say slut. My flashlight reflected a hint of sparkle winking back at me on her upper chest beneath the blouse, just above the bra.
I traced the length of her with the light and revealed a longish skirt covering most of her legs. Given the clothes, she looked kind of classy. Definitely not going for the hooker look in that outfit. I lifted her skirt and shined the light for a better look.
Panties intact down below.
Yeah, I know. Call me a pig. I’m used to it. And I needed to know if there was a possibility the girl had been raped before or after she was killed.
Makeup and mascara appeared to be piled on pretty thick after I managed a better look under the lights from the crime scene equipment. It wasn’t messed. Hair neatly on top of her head and fastened with a clasp. Clean, unbroken nails with dark red polish. Same with her toes on the foot with no shoe.
I let the body roll back a second time and switched my attention to search through the victim’s jacket pockets. Nothing. At first glance, everything in the purse looked like it should be there. A bit of cash and change.
Her name was Candice Season. Miscellaneous business cards. One from a strip club. A dance club, they preferred to be called. A name on the back was hand-written in a girlish script.
The purse got bagged along with everything else, minus the card. The hundred under the body would have to wait on the coroner. I didn’t want to chance messing something up.
—Anything interesting, Nash?
Speak of the devil. Even at oh-dark-thirty, the devil looked pretty good with the just-got-out-of-bed hair. The leggings didn’t do a thing to diminish the woman’s good looks, especially since the jacket only went as far as her waist.
—Nothing too much out of the ordinary, Allie. Looks like a pop and drop. Probably not a robbery, though, judging by what’s underneath and in the purse.
The Allie was Allie Sands, M.E.
—What got you here so fast all the way from the south side?
—Somebody tripped over the body and called it in. I was having Chinese in my favorite neighborhood when I got the text.
—How’s that system working so far?
Dispatch was testing a new method of getting investigators to serious crimes. Dinosaur that I am, I was against it at first. After more explanation and a lot of listening, three of us volunteered. So far, it had worked pretty well. Added bonus: carrying a bulky radio had been eliminated. No loss. The cars all came with one, anyway.
—It’s not so bad. Makes me feel trendy and cool with the younger generation.
It meant being at the mercy of a cell phone, but I kind of liked it. A phone, a gun and a badge were all right by me.
—If I were you I’d go with trendy. You look like you’ve been wearing those clothes for a week. That’s not cool.
Yeah, so I was a bit of a slob in the clothes department. So sue me. I didn’t spend a lot of time at home doing laundry and ironing. At least I didn’t smell—as far as I knew. I didn’t bother checking.
—In that case, trendy it is.
I took a few minutes to watch Allie go through the motions. She’d been in the job for five years, and she had proved herself repeatedly to be thorough. Nothing got past her. Not even me. We’d been involved in a relationship that ended about eighteen months ago—on good terms, as far as I was concerned.
She felt the same way, and we stayed close friends. When the other got knocked for a loop in a relationship, we’d sympathize over beer and Chinese and talk it out. Sometimes we’d spend the night, but that didn’t happen often any more.
We’d both moved on.
I snapped a picture and checked the card for the addy of the dance club, just to be sure.


The Fontana Club was on Eighth. It was one of those streets that ran a long way through the city. If you stayed on it to the end, it would take you from high class to low class to no class. In a hurry. Not even the lights could slow you down if you were determined. If you were lucky, you might end up retracing your steps for another chance at the run.
Most didn’t. Once they got on the downhill end, they tended to stick like flies to flypaper in a poor man’s summer cottage. You could thank the mortgage crisis for a lot of that. Plenty were living in their vehicles with entire families. You could thank drugs for some of it, too, but that didn’t get a You’re welcome, either.
The Fontana straddled the border, hovering between good taste and shithole. Closer to the shithole end, it got bought and sold regularly. With each makeover, it would run the gamut of high low-class, biker bar, druggie hangout, low class and no class, or some semblance of order such as that.
It never attracted the type of clientele that would promote it to big time permanently. Not even big-screen televisions and 24-hour sports channels would do that. Thus the reason for the dead televisions.
Depending on what stage it was at on its inevitable downward slide, the dancers had a long range of appearances. Trim and light and mostly tight. Not too bad. Drug-addled and downright cross and angry. Those last ended up being run by bikers.
And as always, no matter where the dance club lay in its climb or descent, there was no shortage of men who felt they had to be there.
Personally, I sometimes went there with some of the guys on a night out during a trim and light phase, but that never lasted long. Mostly we went because of the cheap beer. And if you believed that, you’d believe anything.


The neon sign on the club’s roof danced and buzzed its broken letters in a pale sheen through the driver-side window on the beat-up, high-mileage, former black-and-white I drove. The one time I got issued with a new vehicle, someone took a run at me with a semi and won the grudge match.
I ended up in the hospital for a week. Every damned card I got from the uniforms rubbed it in. In fact, I think some of them collected cash to buy up a collection just to drop them off at the nursing station.
Which turned out to be not so bad.
The junior nurses were cute and sympathetic. The old ones just laughed. Eventually, I lived down the nickname, but even Allie became part of the harassment for a while. I also had a side bet with myself that the makeshift suggestion box in the coffee room got filled with thoughts on what to do with the next time-x’d black-and-white.
I flashed up the photo on my phone and ran through what I knew about the victim. A younger woman, late teens, probably early twenties at most if I didn’t want to believe the driver’s license in her purse. Well-dressed and made up pretty good, too. Maybe a first-time dancer, or maybe so hick, she showed up for an interview in a business suit with plenty of makeup piled on for good measure.
She wasn’t even a jane doe. Her name was Candice Season, according to her DL, her driver’s license. A pretty girl with a name like that, you just knew the boys called her Candy, and they all wanted to be in season.
Jesus. Sometimes, I just can’t help myself.
I took another look at the picture on the phone and shook my head. Even after five years in homicide, it still bothered me when a body turned up, no matter who or what it was. Still, she was too pretty for this place, but I guess maybe she hadn’t known that.
Or maybe she had.
I gave up a tired sigh, climbed out of the beater, and zig-sagged past the cars and around the puddles left by the recent rain in the uneven parking lot. There must have been some puke mixed in there too, because I could smell it over the stale beer.
I passed an open window with a foot dangling and a woman alternating screams of yes with grunts. I didn’t look in. If she wasn’t being taken care of, she could dial 911 and request help for all I cared.
The crowd of smokers circling around the door must have paid attention to what I was driving when I circled through the parking lot. By the time I got close, all that remained was a cloud blinking under the broken neon and the odor of marijuana. Too bad it wouldn’t get declared legal and some of us could be out looking for real crime.
Or maybe that was the problem.


I pushed through the door and was assailed by the stink of stale beer and cigarette smoke. Dim lights illuminated a dark, low stage. Torn carpet, peeling wallpaper, and missing ceiling tiles completed the picture. The dump had obviously descended to the no-class stage. It looked to me like it had been there for a while.
The dancer didn’t look much better, highlighted as best she could be in the low lighting. In contrast, the girls slinging the beer looked pretty good. Management would do well to hire them to do double duty as performers.
I bellied up to the bar and wedged myself between the station and the beer pulls. Even that didn’t get anyone’s attention. A waiter elbowed me out of the way and kept on filling the glasses she took off the bar.
—You can’t be between the railings. Servers only.
I held the phone in front of her.
—You recognize her?
I thought I saw something in her eyes until the lights on the stage blinked. The look disappeared before I could be certain.
—Never seen her before.
I switched my attention to the bartender. He didn’t look all that interested, standing as he was at the far end of the bar. When I made a move in his direction, he behaved like a pig in a pen that didn’t want to be slaughtered for bacon. He shifted in a hurry down to the opposite end.
I didn’t have time for his shit. I chased him behind the bar and grabbed his belt. He still wouldn’t look at the phone on the bar, so I pulled him close and grabbed his balls and squeezed. He took a bow and his face ended up close enough to the phone to bathe in the glow.
—Now that I’ve got your attention, have you ever seen her before?
In case he was far-sighted, I eased off to pull his head back, and I came up with a handful of long, greasy hair. He had to be a former hockey player. He had a mullet.
—No, man. She’s never been in here.
—Her name’s Candice Season. You sure?
I squeezed one more time for good measure.
—I’m sure.
I wasn’t finished.
—Who’s Hank?
The name written on the back of the card in the girl’s purse.
—Hank?
—Are you deaf?
I squeezed again, and his hearing improved right away.
—Hank’s the manager. He’s not here. He left for the night.
—When’s he coming back?
—First thing in the morning, far as I know.
I planned on being here first thing in the morning to make his acquaintance. Then I got a look at the woman getting ready to climb onto the stage. Instead of leaving, I took a seat at a table in front of the splash rail.
I sat down, intending to do some further investigating.
I focused my energies on the stage and the dancer doing her thing. She gyrated. Squatted. Stretched. Pirouetted. Crawled. Danced. Rolled onto her back and kicked up her heels. She worked the pole like a pro. It impressed me. I didn’t bother taking notes in the dim light, though. The dancer was too pretty.
Once I got done studying the bump-and-grind, I took time to concentrate on the girl’s features. By the look of it, she had to be the twin of the girl I left in the alley. Either that, or the corpse I was investigating had come back to life.
I went with twin, just so I wouldn’t make a fool of myself.
She had a nice little body, and she wasn’t a terrible dancer. When she switched it out for the pole, she showed coordination and agility, too. A man tossed a dollar and there were no missing teeth when she smiled her thanks.
Maybe the place was moving up in the world after all.
When the set ended, I followed her to the dressing room at the side of the stage. The door guard took me for a johnny-come-lately and let me know I should get lost if I knew what was good for me. I flashed my badge and let him know what would be good for him if he didn’t let me pass.
I walked through the door and I was in a world I’d never been privy to before in my life. It was definitely a new one on me.
Half-a-dozen mirrors surrounded by high-watt bulbs greeted me in a hot, stuffy room lit up like a store-front window at dark just before Christmas. Every mirror had a woman in front of it. All were preening and prepping and readying for their next sets. 
Hair and makeup and body glitter and stockings and everything else that contributed to a dance set was being installed or adjusted. None of them appeared all that pleased that a man had invaded their territory. I could tell by the dirty looks that followed me to every mirror in the joint.
That didn’t bother me, though. They’d get over it.
The effect of the lighting made visible every line and wrinkle and gray hair, and I wasn’t only talking about myself. That’s right. Some of them were that old. At least, they looked that old from where I was standing. But then, maybe I’d been spoiled by Allie’s good looks.
Or maybe by the last dancer I watched working the pole.
I pulled my phone and took another look at the picture of my corpse and shook it off once more. All things considered, the women in here couldn’t possibly look that bad. I approached the dancer I followed off the stage, but she didn’t appear interested in talking. I let her have a look at my badge, and that changed everything.
—Not here. Come this way.
I chased after her to a door in back of the change room. Maybe I should have been suspicious when she held the door for me. Three steps down and I ended up in an alley behind the club. The door crashed, I crashed, and for the first time, I was first through a door and flat on my back in two seconds.
When I came to, the woman was gone. I couldn’t open the door to get back in, so I staggered around to the front. For my troubles, the bouncers tossed me against the brick wall like a rag doll. My head snapped back, and I was a two-time loser in the consciousness department.
Somebody must have called the fire department, because when I came to, a cute little fireman was checking my pulse. I laid back to let her do her job, but when the smell of smoke started drifting my way, I sat up real fast.
—What the hell?
—The place is on fire. Don’t worry. You’re not anywhere close, Detective. I moved you. Will you be all right here?
—Unless you plan on carrying me over the threshold after I propose, I need to find my car.
She put an arm around me and helped me to my chariot, the black-and-white beater at the far end of the parking lot. It wasn’t yet midnight, but this pumpkin would be on his way home.
—How do you know this is my car?
—Are you kidding? Everyone knows about your bad luck. If you’re going to be all right, I have to go do some actual work now.
—Can I have your number in case I’m not?
She turned, and I checked the name on the bottom of her turnout jacket.
—Got it.
I scrawled the name in my notebook. Following the beatings, I’d never remember it. I yelled after her.
—What station?


It was time to pause and regroup. I was still shaky from the shit-kicking, but not enough to keep me from figuring out something was going on with my latest case. That I didn’t have a clue made me nervous, considering the beatings I had just been handed.
I suppose whoever wanted me dead could have ensured I’d be inhaling black smoke on the floor of the club. It didn’t go that way, so maybe someone was looking out for me after all.
I had a good-looking body named Candice Season in a back alley with two holes in her chest and no signs of anything stolen. The body had definitely been moved and deposited there after they killed her. A card in the woman’s purse led me to the Fontana where I discovered her twin dancing up a storm.
Thanks to the people who had kicked the shit out of me—twice—I still didn’t know if the dead girl and the beatings were related. But why set fire to the club—if indeed it was arson?
I hadn’t been in that much of a daze not to recognize a woman in a fireman’s turnout gear. I came to smiling up at her.
Maybe I should have gotten the message, but being the stubborn son of a bitch that I am, I didn’t. Besides, it was part of my job description not to take messages. I only returned calls.
Now I had to track down a woman who had disappeared and gone on the run, and who might be responsible for at least some of the black and blue marks that were growing on me.
Screw it. I was exhausted, emotionally and physically. It was time to head home and crash.


The banging brought me out of what felt like a coma. I tried to hurry, limping my way to the door. In my haste, I almost fell down. Then I remembered why I was in such rough shape. Damn, but sure as shit, I’d had a good one laid on me. It didn’t keep me from opening the door without checking who was in front of it.
—Yeah?
I hoped I sounded grumpy enough to send whoever it was scurrying away.
—Chesterfield. Remember me?
Apparently not. But there was a bright side to it, I decided.
—Vaguely. Where’s your shining armor?
—You got it part right. I’m the knight that nursed you back to health. Since I happened to be in the neighborhood, I came by to see how you’re doing.
—I’m doing good.
She pushed open the door, and I almost fell down. Being the firefighter that she was, she caught me on the way and propped me up.
—Yeah, I can tell by that limp. Now let me get you back to bed. You’ve obviously got a concussion and you need to rest.
—How did you know where to find me?
—While you were out like a light, I checked your ID and found out you were a cop. I took a look at your driver’s license, and here I am. Now get your ass back into bed. This time I’ll stay with you until I’m certain you’re all right.
She eased me into bed. I laid back and closed my eyes, too sleepy to care. I might have dreamed that she took off her clothes and joined me, but I couldn’t remember for sure. In any case, she was a fireman. I already knew she’d have a body under that uniform. I didn’t need to look.
—When you have a concussion, you need to be woken up regularly for checkups. I’ll see to it that you are.
I hated being lectured, but how could I refuse an offer like that? I was too beat up to care.
By the time daylight came around, I wasn’t feeling much better. My head was still pounding. Even so, I felt good enough to pull the sheet back for a better look at what I didn’t care about last night.
I was right about Chesterfield and her fireman’s body. The g-string she didn’t take off looked to be covering up a nice, trim little runway. Her leg shifted, and I figured she was just playing at being dead, but I didn’t have it in me.
I didn’t have it in her, either.
—Stay right where you are, Nash. I’ll stay here so I can check up on you later.
Chesterfield rolled onto her back and slid her feet up on the sheets.
—I’ll hold you to that.
—I’m counting on it.


By the time I showed up at the coroner’s office, Allie had the details ironed out.
—High noon, cowboy. Are you working part time now?
I told her about getting beat up last night at the club, and she got all concerned and shit. I didn’t dare mention I had just left my personal nurse on a sleepover. It might be arguable, but just because I’m a man doesn’t mean I’m as stupid as most of them.
—What have you got on the woman in the alley?
—The woman took two in the chest from a .357. No sign of powder burns. Probably at least twelve hours before you found her.
—Any casings under the body?
—None. And she definitely didn’t die there. There was very little blood beneath her. No evidence of rape. One tattoo on her lower back. No other marks. Nothing under the fingernails, either. She was pretty clean.
—So that means they definitely did her at a distance with no struggle.
—I’d say so.
—That’s not much to go on. Probably someone she didn’t know. I’d thank you, but I don’t have a reason to.
—You still look like shit, by the way.
—Thanks. I think.
—You’re welcome.
Two phones buzzed. Allie looked at hers. I checked mine. I needed to attend at an address that was all too familiar.
—I have somewhere to go too, Detective Nash.


I didn’t need to look at a map. I knew my way home, and I didn’t waste time getting there. I climbed the stairs to my walk-up with a heavy heart. I already knew what was waiting.
Chesterfield was naked in my bed, just the way I left her. Even so, I wasn’t real happy to see her like that. She was almost floating in a vast pool of her own blood. It looked to me like she had lived and suffered. Whoever killed her let her bleed out.
The way they scattered everything around, someone must have come across her during a break-in and didn’t want to leave a witness. It was plain he wanted to make her suffer, too.
Now I really felt like shit. The woman was only trying to be a good Samaritan. Why did she have to get dragged into the deal? I promised myself someone would suffer for this, no matter how long it took me.
I let the cops already at the crime scene do their jobs. I answered the questions as best I could. Allie would be showing up soon enough. I didn’t need to be looking at my place. I needed some space.
Whoever was chasing after me didn’t want me finding out anything about the body in Allie’s cooler. Well, that was shot to hell now. I just experienced a personal incentive.
Two photos came up on my phone, side by side. The woman in the strip club and the murder victim were definitely twins. Candace Season was the dancer’s name. Christ on mighty, but what morons name identical twins Candice and Candace?
I looked forward to meeting the people responsible for that travesty. I headed over to where the twins lived with their parents. A good-looking older woman greeted me when she showed up at the door with her husband in tow. I expressed my condolences, and she told me they had already been notified.
I made my apologies and asked if we could sit down and talk.
Before I left, I showed the script on the back of the strip club’s business card. The mother said they both wrote the same, so she wasn’t any help. On the other hand, the old man blinked, and I thought his jaw was going to drop until he changed his mind.
By the time I left, I was as confused by a case as I had ever been. At least now I had some actual photos of the two girls. And they were identical, down to the last detail. The only problem was, I was looking for an entirely different person.
The mother confirmed that the dead twin’s name was, in fact, Candace. Candice must have been the dancer I saw in the club. The old girl was kind enough to show me where I could find a DNA sample for each of her daughters.
Maybe now Allie could come up with a solution.


I’d been taking notes, but I still wasn’t clear about what the hell was really going on. Twins named Candace and Candice. One dead, shot in the chest. One missing, on the run.
Could someone roll the dice and tell me where I should go and what I should do next?
I dropped the DNA samples off at the Coroner’s office and high-tailed it back to the precinct. That hundred-dollar bill was nagging at me, and not in a good way. I retrieved it from the evidence box.
It didn’t feel right. I held it up to a light, and it didn’t look right, either. I grabbed an infra-red hand-held and went into a broom closet to take a better look. A female uniform caught me coming out with a satisfied look and a smile on my face, and I knew I was in for it.
—Just as I thought, Nash. Now I know why you never hit on me.
—That’s not it at all. You’re not butch enough for me.
That got me the one-finger salute and the grin I was trying for. I put myself back on the street as quick as I could get there. She had a gun and knew how to use it.
At the burned-out remains of the Fontana, I crossed paths with the arson squad and one of theirs who had stepped through the weakened floor. That resulted in what remained of the club’s basement being roped off. He didn’t get hurt, but the story he told was worth every minute of my time. What I heard said the FBI would be on its way sooner than I wanted them to show up.
I climbed down the ladder and introduced myself to a very expensive high-end color photocopier that looked to be responsible for churning out the hundred. The floor was littered with leftover loose bills scattered everywhere.
The faded pool of cleaned-up blood did it for me and now I knew where Candice Season had most likely been murdered. I sniffed around and discovered a discarded shoe that was a twin to the one my victim was wearing. I still needed to know who killed her. And I needed to know where her sister had disappeared to and why.
I was pretty sure someone from Allie’s department could clear up the mystery of who I suspected the dried blood belonged to. Now all I was stuck with was a simple murder that had turned into a missing person case that had morphed into forgery.
Piece of cake.
I pocketed a random sample of hundreds from the floor and climbed the ladder just as Allie arrived.
—Christ, Nash, the bodies are piling up on you. First a girl in the street. Another one in your own bed. Now a river of blood in a strip club basement. Are you sure you’ve been living right?
—It was you who told me I was trendy, remember? In any case, four on the sidewalk is never allowed.
—You’d better hope. Do you think they’re related?
—I know they’re related. I just haven’t come up with the reason. Did you have time to submit the samples I sent you for testing?
—I should have the results by late tomorrow. Where are you staying?
—At your place. I’ll see you tonight.


Two dead women. A missing person who was the exact twin of one of them. A case of forgery in the strip club where at least one twin worked and where the other one was killed. It definitely wasn’t going to be all that hard to tie up the loose ends.
Right.
I never saw the half-ton coming until it stuck itself in the side of the black-and-white beater I was herding. It put me out like a light when I banged my head against the door frame. I woke up on the same floor of the hospital where I had spent time after the disgruntled semi driver took a run at me. It was like old home week with the nurses, but this time, I’d only be here for a couple of hours.
Fortunately, the empty passenger side of the beater had been sturdy enough to cushion the impact. Well, that, and it took the direct hit. I took a holiday and waited where I was until the asshole in the next room came to.
The mess that was the other driver wasn’t smart enough to wear his seat belt. Good thing for him I was there to keep an eye on him while he remained on life support.
I’d just have to wait and see what I could dig up on him. When he came to, I’d be digging for sure. In the meantime, how the hell would I find out who Hank, my new neighbor, was working for?


The moaning led me next door to investigate. I shut the door behind me and went back to work like nothing happened. Poor Hank was out of a place to work, out of a job, and now he was out of time. I didn’t have sympathy. Instead, I sat down on the fresh cast that was his new leg and turned his bed into a trampoline.
It seemed to do the trick.
My ass was showing through my hospital gown when I left the room, but Hank didn’t seem to mind. He went back to sleep the moment I climbed off of him.
—Nice ass.
Shit. Allie.
—You say that to all the boys.
—Only the ones I care about.
—Like I said.
I knew better, so I grinned, just because.
—What are you doing here?
—I have the DNA results. They’re definitely twins. And their prints belong to two different people.
—What do prints have to do with it?
—The DNA of identical twins is the same. Until technology takes a huge jump, at least.
—So unless the missing twin shows up with a matching tramp stamp on her ass, we’ll never know for sure?
—Quite possibly. And she’d better not have her fingertips burned off, either.


What little I got while babysitting Hank in his hospital room hadn’t been much help. The doctors had him pumped full of too many drugs to do much good. Sitting on his broken leg helped to force him out of his stupor long enough to mumble a name. That was enough for me.
I dressed and I was on my way after saying goodbye to Allie.
The current owner of the Fontana was just another in a long line who thought they could make a go of it and ended up going broke. Only this one had moved a counterfeiting operation into the basement to pay the rent. That was a no-no, especially when the dead bodies began to pile up.
Christ, what was it with criminals these days? None of them had the smarts God gave to high school dropouts. Even if that was the problem, the educated ones weren’t any better.
My phone buzzed, and I struggled to pull it out of my pocket. It slipped out of my hand and onto the floor. In heavy traffic, I forgot all about it and the waiting text.
#
I headed to my place, climbed the stairs, and reached in to grab the smoke-stained go-bag I kept by my door. I made my way to Allie’s and the comfortable bed I was hoping for until the detectives finished with what I called home. Allie greeted me with a wide grin.
—Just because you showed up with a bag doesn’t mean you’re moving in, Nash. You’ll cramp my style.
—Yeah, that’s what I thought too when I stepped over the empty pizza and Chinese boxes on the way to the fridge. At least you’ve got beer.
After opening the fridge, I popped the top and drank. I never said no to a Sol. I developed a taste for the beer on one of my runs down the Baja years ago. Allie had picked up the habit from me.
—You want one?
—Christ, Jim, give me time to close the door behind you.
Allie eased the door shut, and I figured I might as well give it another shot.
—So what’s for dinner, wench?
—Detective Nash, if you know what’s good for you, you’ll cool the misogynist act and settle down.
—You said to wait until the door was closed.
—Don’t bug me. I need to change. The clothes I’m wearing have been at two crime scenes today and I’m feeling dirty on the outside.
I sunk my tired ass into the sofa. The open bedroom door gave me a clear shot straight across. I figured the woman was letting me know she was dirty on the inside, too. Her familiar body looked pretty good to a man that had just this morning left what turned out to be a dead body bleeding out in his bed.
—Are you coming before I run out of hot water?
I never needed to be asked twice, especially by a beauty like Allie.


The sirens wouldn’t quit in my nightmare. They wailed and wailed and I thought I was in the middle of a bad dream that would never end. The wailing turned into banging on the door. I woke in time for a new nightmare to begin.
—Police! Search warrant! Open up!
I was in a frigging reality show.
—What the hell is going on?
Allie looked panic-stricken. Whatever it was, it wouldn’t be good for either of us.
—I don’t know. Answer the door and look.
—Put something on, just in case it’s for real.
We scrambled to dress, but we didn’t make it in time. Five cops in riot gear came through the door and swarmed us. I ended up on the floor, thrown there by a cop in full riot gear. Allie ended up beside me, tossed there by the same cop.
A plainclothes cop read us our rights.
—You’re wanted downtown, Nash.
—By who, exactly?
—Homicide.
—What the hell? I’m homicide, you dumbasses.
—Shut the fuck up. They’re waiting for you downtown. The woman will be coming with you for aiding and abetting.
—What the hell is this all about?
—You’re wanted for the murder of the fireman we found in your bed.
—How was she killed?
—You’ll hear all about it when you get there. Get dressed. And get some clothes on your whore. They want her, too.
The swat team escorted us out of the building and loaded us into separate cruisers for the ride downtown.
I never saw Allie again.


Quite the welcoming committee waited at the precinct. The press was on full alert, probably because someone with a hate-on for me let them in on the arrest of a murderer. The sideshow unleashed itself at the underground entrance. From there, all hell broke loose, and I was too consumed with my ordeal to remember to ask about Allie.
No one would have told me, anyway.
I figured they’d try to use her to get to me. It was a classic trick. There was a problem with it, though. I hadn’t murdered anyone, and Allie wasn’t involved in the slightest. If she was smart, she’d lawyer up and be up their asses faster than Velveeta on white bread in a trailer park.
I didn’t want a lawyer. I wanted to know what the hell was going on and who was behind it. It was looking like the two murders, the missing woman and the counterfeit operation were all linked. I had no idea how.
It didn’t help their case when the two cops asking questions didn’t know shit from Shinola. It didn’t help that the same interview room I was in was one I had used hundreds of times myself. I was pretty comfortable in it, all things considered.
—Why did you murder her, Nash?
Amateurs. Jesus, when I’m done with this, I’m going to have to overhaul the entire homicide department. I don’t even think I’d have enough time in my life for that shit.
—Murder who?
They exchanged glances.
—The woman.
—What woman?
—The woman found dead in your bed.
—You mean Chesterfield? What was the question again?
—Why did you murder her?
—Which her are you talking about? Look guys, we can go around like this all day and all night. I’m an expert at it and obviously you’re not. So either charge me, place me under arrest and throw away the key, or get me a lawyer.
—We’ve got proof.
—Sure you do. Show me.
—We don’t have to.
—Then charge me and get me a lawyer. Or you both know it’s a trumped-up charge and I’m going to walk. Which is it, boyos?
I had them with that. The gong show slammed the door on their way out. I figured whoever was hiding behind the looking glass went into conference mode. To show me who was boss, it took another four hours before I was kicked and looking for some place to go.
I tried calling Allie, but it went straight to voicemail. I didn’t leave a message. I figured that was a clue even I could recognize.


Whoever taped the door to my apartment made it more than easy to avoid. I ducked and walked into the bloodbath I had been in only yesterday as an observer. The only thing missing was Chesterfield’s body. She’d be cooling her slippery heels in the morgue.
I wanted Allie here to help me go through the place. She was that good at crime scenes. There wasn’t much she missed. I dug for my phone and started punching in her number, but thought better of it. Eventually, she’d see my call from earlier.
I tossed the place like I was starting my own homicide investigation, and I guess I was. I scoured the joint, looking for anything that might help get me out of the mess my own PD had so eagerly put me in.
It didn’t look promising.
The amateurs had done a pretty good job of messing everything up all by themselves. Blood had been tracked from the crime scene into all the rooms. Discarded gloves were scattered on the floor like used condoms. The problem appeared to be that I had been the only one seriously screwed over.
If there were any clues left behind, I’d have a hard time finding them without cleaning up the mess left by the clueless. And that’s exactly what I did. I cleaned up like I’d been doing it for years. And I had. Everything, and I mean every single thing, went back to where it was supposed to be. But not before I took photographs and examined every last item like my life depended on it.
Come to think of it, it did.
It was getting on to four a.m. by the time I managed to get everything cataloged. Time to wrap it up for the night. I had a burning desire to march down to the precinct. I wanted to show the professionals how stupid they were.
It wasn’t much of a stretch now that I had the shell casing in my hot little hand. The squad had missed it. I found it lodged behind a wheel beneath the bed, sunk into the carpet.
No doubt some heads would roll over this, but I didn’t call my supervisor. I called an honest lawyer instead. He said he’d meet up at a coffee shop in the morning. I’d fill him in and we’d proceed to the precinct from there.
Funny how doing all that gave me a new perspective on things. I stretched out on the sofa and didn’t come around until ten.
Downtown, it wasn’t much of a contest. My honest lawyer smacked them with a cease and desist. When I handed them the bagged empty shell casing, they hemmed and hawed and finally admitted that a mistake had been made. The lawyer was smart enough to ask for a receipt. I never even thought of that one.
I was happy. But I still had a case to solve.


Whoever framed me had to be a part of the counterfeit ring. Then I remembered the text I ignored while I was busy driving. I hadn’t remembered it while I was in the hospital, bouncing up and down on Hank’s leg.
I beat a hasty retreat to vehicle impound and dug out my phone from the floor of my side-swiped and wrecked beater. The text came from land title registration at city hall.
I arrived with the same swat team that had assaulted my place. I waited while they set up around the house. The pounding on the door went unanswered. When the ram hit, the door gave way, and every man stormed in.
Nobody.
Except a body. It looked to be the second twin. I knew because she had a tattoo on her ass and all of her fingers. I figured it would be no big deal to prove she was Candice Season.
I wanted Allie to get the call-out. Instead, one of her new hires showed up, and I wondered if she sent him on purpose to avoid me. If that was the case, I couldn’t blame her. I had pretty much screwed over her career because of the police raid that found me lying low in her apartment.
I let the newbie do his job without introducing myself. I figured he had no need to know whose crime scene it was, anyway. I waited around until I witnessed him taking the victim’s prints and a picture of the tramp stamp.
Happy finally, I had somewhere I needed to be.


Candace Season, the victim in the alley, had somehow found her way into the basement of the Fontana Club, possibly by mistake. Possibly her sister, Candice, had turned her onto the place to look for a job. That, or the two were switching out. But why do that?
Candace must have taken a wrong turn and stumbled onto the counterfeiting operation downstairs during a print run. A nervous printer showed some initiative. He had shot her and dumped her body. Then he cleaned up the blood on the floor as best he could and didn’t tell anyone about it.
Unfortunately, he didn’t notice the counterfeit hundred that found itself dragged upstairs with the girl. It got deposited beneath her when he dumped the body in the alley.
He couldn’t have known the woman was Candace Season.
He couldn’t have known she had a twin sister, either, so when he took a break and saw Candice Season doing her routine on stage, he figured she was still alive. And that’s why Candice went missing. I wondered how stupid the shooter had to be to think he’d witnessed a second coming.
That wasn’t the best part, though.


The Fontana Club was owned by old man Season. And he was broke. That’s how the heavy-duty printer came on the scene when he advertised space for rent in the basement. It was a perfect cover. So many people came and went to the strip club at all hours that no one would notice.
Until the bodies started piling up.
I still had one problem remaining, though. What the hell was the motive for Chesterfield’s murder? And who was the shooter? Someone sure as shit had a hate-on for me.
I took the time to go to Chesterfield’s funeral. I figured it was the least I could do, considering she was murdered in my bed. The fire department’s brass turned out in their finest. Plenty of cops in blue, too. The damned bagpipes finally got to me. I had to walk away to get some space.
A woman I didn’t know stopped me. She looked vaguely familiar, but I didn’t recognize her. Then it twigged. Chesterfield had a twin.
—You’re Jim Nash.
—You’re Chesterfield number two.
—Yes.
—I’m sorry about your sister. She was only trying to make sure I was all right after she pulled my unconscious body from the fire at the Fontana Club.
—I know. She told me she was going to check on you. I told her to keep away.
My reputation had proceeded me yet again.
—Maybe we could talk about it sometime—
I didn’t think so, but I tried anyway.
—Maybe we could. Are you in the book?
—I am.
—Then I’ll call you when I’m ready.


I made the long drive back to my empty apartment alone. I really wanted to talk everything out with Allie. Maybe in the process, we’d come up with something new. She still hadn’t gotten back to me. By now, I figured she probably never would.
The whole trouble with this case was that there were too many loose ends and they were all untied. The most troubling for me was Chesterfield’s killing. In my own bed, for Christ’s sake. I didn’t even know where to start with that one, or if the department would even let me.
For now the best I could do was get some sleep. I went home to my sofa and stretched out. First thing in the morning I’d go out and get a mattress.
Second thing in the morning I’d be resigning. Content with that decision, I fell asleep in no time.
I didn’t even dream.


Sleeping with a .45
ONE OUT OF TWO wasn’t so bad.
It was time to spend some money and replace my bed. I picked up the new one to replace Chesterfield’s blood-soaked final resting place in what had been my bedroom. I cursed at my cheap misfortune for not having the replacement mattress delivered. I knew I was next to a loser when I had to push and pull everything up the flight of stairs, solo. The easiest part of it all was dragging the blood-soaked mattress to the head of the stairway to toss it.
Tossing was a misnomer. It was more like huffing and puffing it over the railing and listening as it landed with a satisfying thump on the asphalt below. The bin would be its next destination, but that would have to wait until evening when the temperature dropped to something more manageable.
The letter of resignation was completely forgotten by the effort spent.
My attention span wasn’t that short, though. I had a murder to avenge. Bad enough that the murder occurred in my bed. If that wasn’t reason enough to keep on keeping on, I didn’t know what would be.
I didn’t want to think about who in the department didn’t like me enough to frame me for the killing. That was one reason I stopped thinking about resigning. Instead, I started thinking about a trip to the gun range.
On the way out the door, I picked up a box of fifty and pointed my brand-new black-and-white beater in the gun range's direction. The city refused to assign me a regular unmarked since I’d written off the first. I had to be honest if it came down to it, though. Destruction of city property wasn’t entirely my fault.
For the usual reasons, I decided it had to be a crazed former suspect I once crossed paths with who had a hate on. Whoever it was caught up to me while I was going through an intersection. He took it upon himself to seek revenge by parking a semi on top of my brand spanking new unmarked.
Then he disappeared, and I didn’t spend any time looking.
It was no big deal, and anyway, I lived to tell about it.
While I was in the hospital, the makeshift box in the squad room started filling up with suggestions to get me a time-x’d black-and-white as a poor-man’s replacement. Someone higher-up took the hint. The boys in blue lined up three-deep in the break room where the keys were presented out.
Never at a loss for words, I produced a stem-winder of an off-the-cuff acceptance speech. By the time I finished, there was no one left to applaud, and I’d turned the joke around on everybody but me.
My daydream ended with a loud bang and a steering wheel that began an uncommanded turn to the right. So much for happy reminiscing.
The blowout forced the car to climb the curb and jump onto the sidewalk. I picked an alley, pulled in and called for a tow. My mouth watered at the prospect of a forced coffee break at the great little donut shop I frequented across the street from my place.
My mouth didn’t water for long. Rather, it went bone-dry. I started to shake and my knees began to rattle. That helped to make it just about impossible to stumble my way back to the car.
Well, all right, it wasn’t only that. It was the sound of the gunfire that seemed to be directed towards me. That, and the ducking and dodging I had to do did the trick.
The donut would have to wait. So would my trip to the shooting range.
I made it to the car and reached into the dash to retrieve both large-capacity magazines that the city didn’t permit me to own. The shakes dispensed with, I found myself in a position to return fire. The unapproved modification to my Glock meant I’d be able to return fire faster than the rate at which it had been aimed at me.
I dialed in full-auto on the modified handgun. A shadow moved on the rooftop across the street. It was enough to catch my eye. Not sure, I held fire. Another burst of gunfire did it. My police-issue mag emptied in a matter of seconds. 
Those damned mags were practically useless when you needed firepower, but it let go with enough hot lead to ensure that the shooter kept his head down. It gave me a chance to insert one of the 33-round mags I pulled out of my car. The satisfying sound it made sliding into the grip almost gave me a hard-on.
Maybe it would have if I wasn’t so busy.
I checked that the custom lever was still in fun mode before moving along the wall to the foot of the alley. I held there. The shooter’s head popped up from the edge of the roof for a look-see. I directed the automatic’s muzzle to where it would do the most damage. I got off a spray-and-pray. He wouldn’t be expecting an answer-back like that.
I dropped the empty mag and slid home the backup.
The sirens weren’t slowing down just yet. I still had a few minutes. I hit the street running and made a jump for the fire escape hanging off the side of the three-story. Huffing and puffing, I hauled my out-of-shape ass to roof-level. I could breathe, barely. A quick recon discovered the only things left behind on the roof were a mess of empty shell casings and a tripod.
I figured my unapproved pistol in full-auto mode must have sent the shooter packing in a hurry. Hell, I’d do the same when I heard that thing barking, whether I knew it was aimed at me or someone else.


The shooter had left empty shell casings scattered along the edge of the roof facing the alley. Seven-point-six-two by thirty-nine. Now who the hell was stupid enough to go after a cop with an AK-47 and miss? I picked one up with a pencil, bagged it for future consideration, and left the rest for forensics.
Given that someone in the department had attempted to implicate me in the murder of the dead woman discovered in my bed, I was pretty much through trusting anyone for the important things. This morning, one of those important things turned out to be an attempt on my life.
I wasn’t sure what I’d do with the shell casing since losing my connection to the forensics lab. Allie, an old flame and one of the city’s coroners, had departed for parts unknown after she got arrested, thanks to me. Unfortunately for Allie, she had been drawn into my situation when I went to stay with her until the department completed the investigation into the murder victim discovered in my bed.
Allie became caught in the crossfire when the battering ram broke down her apartment door. Thanks to my presence, I got her hauled in for aiding and abetting. That’s when she disappeared—not only from my life, but from the city, too.
I wondered if someone had convinced her to testify against me, or if she had disappeared on her own when she ended up released without being charged. For whatever reason, someone tried to implicate me in a murder, and by association, her as well. I hadn’t done the deed, of course, and just because it was my place, didn’t stop my fellow officers from doing their jobs investigating.
Now I was back at square one in my own personal investigation of the dead woman. It was personal because the woman had only been at my place because she was concerned for my well-being after two knocks on the head and a fire.
That she climbed into my bed to keep me warm and wake me up from time to time to check on the progression of my concussion made it personal.
When I went to work that morning, I left her alive and sleeping. Sometime between then and— wait a minute.
Who had called in the 911? My apartment was overtop of a partially vacant strip mall. There wasn’t anyone around to hear a gunshot.
I headed back to my place. I’d check with the 911 system operators later. In the meantime, I had some basic police work to do. I’d start by canvassing the neighborhood.
I stopped at a gun shop on the way. Flashing my badge waived the mandatory wait for approval. I walked out with a nice, shiny .45 magnum short-barreled revolver and a box of shells to go with it. I had a perfect place to hang it behind my bed in the event someone interrupted my sleeping habits again.
Call me paranoid if you want.
Mindful of my personal sniper, I loaded Mr. Big and Mr. Small, two of the mags for my automatic, from the ammo box I had with me from this morning. I slid Mr. Small home, and I was comfortable again.
I wasn’t sure all the door-knocking in the world would come up with anything useful. Citizens didn’t want to talk to cops these days. I couldn’t blame them. The crazies were always out in force, and when they saw something they didn’t like, sometimes they’d do crazy things to people seen talking to the police.
Sometimes, the crazies even drove semis into cop cars.
To hell with the consequences. I had a murder to avenge. That might not be a pretty way for a police detective to put it, but I was beyond caring. The poor woman had been murdered after I left her in the care and comfort of my bed, for crying out loud.
That, and it didn’t sit well with me that my space had been invaded—not only by the murderer, but by the cops investigating.
One way or another, I’d get even or die trying.


My door-knocking didn’t reveal so much. Many head-shakings later, I discovered a good-looking dishwater blonde working in the pet shop at the far end of my very own strip mall that I didn’t know was there.
The blonde, I mean. I knew about the pet shop.
I didn’t own a dog, but that didn’t stop the girl from writing her name on the front of one of the Happy Tail’s business cards and handing it to me. When I was done asking questions, I handed her one of my own. She said she’d call if she remembered anything.
On my way out the door, I flipped the card and looked at the back. The number there wasn’t the same as the one on the front. She must keep a stack by the register, because I hadn’t seen her write anything on it except her name. Necessity was still the mother of invention, after all.
By the time I got back to the precinct, there was a message waiting. It was blondie, and it seems she had a story to tell, after all. I called her back to let her know I’d stop in on my way home after work.
I parked the beater in front of my end of the building and took the sidewalk to the pet shop. By the time I got there, the store was closed. Obviously, a cop wanting to ask questions wasn’t a top priority for overtime.
I retraced my steps and discovered a bicycle chained to the foot of my stairs. Yes, I’m a cop. No, it wasn’t there when I parked. There was a woman at the top of the stairs. She was sitting and waiting patiently like a puppy wanting affection. Her dress was pulled up to let her legs get a bit of sun while she waited. I couldn’t wait until she stood up. I wanted to see if the back of them were as nice as the front.
In the meantime, I felt a strange urge to bring her a bowl of water and scratch her behind the ears.
—Everyone in the neighborhood knows you’re a cop and where you live.
Like I needed an explanation, but whatever. I opened the door and invited her in. I knew better, but I wanted to find out what she knew about my stalker and the dead body in my bed.
—Want a beer?
I popped two and gave her one before she could answer. I figured a little lube would loosen her vocal cords. Besides, I didn’t want to drink alone when I had a good-looking girl to share—the drink, not the girl.
Lucy introduced herself with a winning smile and a firm handshake. She took a chair and waited patiently to get started while I hosed down the table. I listened for a bit and then got up to check the fridge for leftovers. Judging by the best-before dates I had scrawled on the boxes, the Chinese appeared to be good.
—We’re going to be a while. We might as well get comfortable.
I nuked the plates and turned to face her while I waited.
—Don’t stop on my account.
—That smells good. Anyhoo, as I was saying—
Anyhoo? Jesus, who said that any more?
The annoying timer sounded. I put the plates on the table, popped the tops off two more beers and sat down to share a microwaved dinner with the girl. For good measure, I opened my notebook. 
—Take it from the top again.
She did. She talked non-stop. I’d be lucky if I got to eat.


Lucy had just arrived in front of the pet store where she worked. She noticed a van parking in the street outside my end of the vacated strip mall. She fully intended to go over and let whoever it was know that I wasn’t home since my car wasn’t out front.
She got sidetracked by a customer and unlocked the door to let them into the pet shop instead.
I had no beef with that. Business was business, especially in this neighborhood.
She was about to close the door when she heard two pops. She didn’t think anything of it. Most of the cars around here were beaters, just like mine, minus the black and white cop colors. She went into work mode and thought nothing more of it.
—Why didn’t you get involved when you found out what went down?
—I knew you were a cop. I thought you’d be able to figure out what happened and handle it on your own.
—Well, Lucy, just so you know. When I left in the morning, the woman was still warm in my bed, and I mean that in the best way possible. Someone—I don’t know who, yet—tried to frame me for her murder. It couldn’t have been jealousy, because we only met the day before.
—I don’t know any more than I told you. It was a dark-colored van, blue or black. I never thought to look at a license plate.
—Don’t worry about it, Luce. You’ve already told me more than I knew before I found you.
—What do you mean?
—The van. It wasn’t in any reports. Probably because no one else noticed it.
—In that case, I’m glad I could help.
I thought I knew the look Lucy was wearing. It was the one that said, Scratch me behind an ear and I’ll wag my tail.
—Can I stay here tonight?
That was plain enough, even for me.
I looked her up and down and made sure she noticed me do it. Her legs were long and shaped nicely. Just the right amount of well-toned, tanned thigh peeked out from the hem of her short summer dress. Notwithstanding all that, she had a gorgeous smile.
The sparkling blue eyes convinced me Lucy would be a good house guest.
What the hell, why not? I already had the .45 stashed behind my brand-new bed.
What could go wrong?


I cooked breakfast for two and managed not to burn anything substantive while a naked Lucy kept me distracted. She seemed to enjoy being close as I moved around the stove. She nuzzled my neck and generally made things take longer than they should.
Only when she got in the way of the frying bacon spatters did she decide she wanted to keep her distance. That only meant she moved off to the side, leaving me with a full frontal. Needless to say…
Eventually, I loaded up the tray and followed her into the bedroom with eyes glued to her finely shaped, slowly swaying backside. Can I help it if I’m a man?
I was trying not to lose my way.
Patiently waiting while she tucked herself in, I balanced the tray. She held aloft the blankets, and I carefully climbed beneath. In half an hour, we shared a cold breakfast under warm, damp sheets. I hoped it showed how considerate I could be by bringing her breakfast in bed-even if it was cold by the time she got to it.
I tried dragging her into the shower, but she wasn’t having any of that. Perhaps she could read my mind. She had to be a slave to her job since the owner hardly ever showed up. She chased me out of the bathroom while she prepped for her day.
Apparently, not everyone could keep my hours.
When the woman stepped out, she was a different person. Somewhere, she came up with a fresh skirt and blouse. A bit of lip gloss and freshly brushed hair that sidelined the bedhead from the night before all worked to impress me. And made me wonder if she had been planning for it.
—Good morning, gorgeous. Find your way back after work and we’ll scrub down together.
—Count on it, Mr. Detective.
A wide smile adorned her pretty face.
—I think we’ve moved beyond police procedural. Call me Jim.
—Very well, Mr. Jim. I’ll see you on closing for the grand re-opening.
Just to be sure I got it, before she walked out the door, she flashed me, front and back, with a pirouette that forced her dress up to mid-thigh, revealing, well, you get the picture. I sure did.
It was my turn to smile.
Luce departed with a satisfied smirk on her face and a gentle sway to her hips. The woman’s happy tail bounded down the outside stairway toward the Happy Tail pet shop. When she turned and looked up, I knew I had her. I think she knew the same about me, too, judging by the second pirouette.
I made a note to get some laundry done before she returned. Perhaps I’d dust, too.
I waved from the door. Lucy walked past her bicycle locked to my staircase and headed toward work. It didn’t look to me like she was doing any walk of shame, either. Before she rounded the corner, she looked back again, waved, and called out.
—I’m going to close early.
I grinned like a man in a happy place and waved back like I had a fever.
—In that case, I’ll try to be here early, too.
How many times had I said that and never made it? I dressed, got into work mode, and left the door unlocked, just in case.


Yesterday’s neighborhood canvass had garnered little information. Luckily, I discovered Lucy and her description of the dark-colored van. Whether it was involved was another matter. Without a plate, the information wasn’t a tremendous help.
A records search would turn up a thousand. There’d be no luck with security cameras, either. None of the few remaining businesses in the neighborhood could afford them.
On my way past the Happy Tail’s happy tail, I slowed at the window, honked, and waved in Lucy’s direction. She didn’t wave back. I turned towards the black van parked on the side street. Its doors were open. That didn’t look right. And Lucy did mention that the parked van she saw was dark-colored.
Either someone had just dropped off a load of dogs for grooming, or Luce was planning on moving the shop to a new location far from me. I knew right away that wasn’t right. We’d both enjoyed each other’s company until she absolutely had to leave.
I didn’t hear dogs barking when I pulled in behind the van. I got out and went searching for some puppy love. A quick look through the plate glass caught Lucy in the arms of a man. I did a double take, shrugged, and wondered how many men she had on the go.
If it wasn’t for catching sight of the gun in the man’s hand, I’d have walked back to my car. I reached for my own and slipped the action. As far as I could tell, there was only one. Another quick look said there was something more than a simple robbery going on. The man didn’t appear interested in the till.
I eased the door open and let it go against my back. I led with my pistol and carefully entered the store. Lucy caught sight of me and right away I knew it wasn't her first day at a rodeo.
She stomped hard on the man’s foot and bent forward at the same time. Her body twisted as she went for the floor. She slipped from the man’s grip and hit the floor hard. I got one off in the man’s direction. The explosion in the confines of the store deafened everyone. I couldn’t hear him hit the floor, but he went down like a slab of meat falling off a hook. His pistol went flying.
He twitched for a bit before I figured it was time to dial 911. He twitched a bit more while I waited for someone to answer. For shits and giggles, I worked a finger into the hole. You know, to stop the bleeding. I wiggled it and the poor bastard couldn’t start talking fast enough.
I caught Lucy looking over my shoulder. I didn’t see her get up. She slid down and thumped onto the floor. I wasn’t worried, though. I hit what I aim for.
When I pulled my finger out, I had all I needed. It was just as well. The ambulance arrived and EMTs began scrambling through the door. Thankfully, my interrogation was complete.
—Take a look at the woman and tell me she’s all right.
The EMT didn’t miss a beat on his way to the bleeding man on the floor beside Lucy. He took one look, didn’t see any blood, and said, She’s all right. Cute, too.
A comedian.
He was right, though. I took the initiative and rolled Lucy over for a better look. I didn’t see any holes. She’d put her panties on, at least. I’d call her lucky Lucy from now on.
When she came to, she struggled against me, in a hurry to go into flight mode. I managed to hold her in my arms until she settled down and made up her mind to stay. Good for her. I liked the brave ones—especially when they knew how to handle thieves and dodge bullets. I didn’t mind that she wanted to stay in my arms, either, when she snuggled closer.
—I owe you another dinner for that performance, and I’m not talking about the one you gave last night.
I caught a glance from the EMT. He shook his head and went back to work. Lucy formed a weak smile.
—For the rest of my life, you can have anything you want.
I was high-fived by both EMTs as they wheeled out the cradle. On the way by, I snapped a pic of the guilty party’s face for good measure. I had a lot of mug shots to search through.
—Hey Luce. When you’re finished tonight, can I pick you up?
I was pleased as punch when she nodded in a hurry and said yes. I was even happier when she asked if she could keep her bike chained to my staircase while she waited.
I hoped she wouldn’t think I was too eager. I heard it was good form to wait a few days before asking for a second date. Then I began thinking that perhaps Lucy wouldn’t have imagined last night to be a date.
—I left my door unlocked for you.
Little did she know that the yes she gave me would force her to eat fast food while she spent the night at the precinct.
Was this a blossoming romance or what?


I sure had my social life locked up. I headed for the van by the side of the building. I pulled on the rubber gloves and began with the driver’s side. There wasn’t anything too exciting there. I opened the opposite door and empty beer cans rattled onto the ground.
So maybe he’d been on stakeout.
There was something about the green and yellow bandana hanging from the driver’s mirror that piqued my curiosity. Nothing jumped out at me. I tucked it into my pocket along with the rental receipt. It corresponded with the sticker on the rear bumper.
The good stuff turned up when I moved into the back. I found a spent cartridge. A pool of dried blood on the floor had to have been whispering my name, too. There was some spatter on the side and the roof. I made the call and waited for someone to show up who would know more than I did.
In the meantime, I went to check on Lucy. There wasn’t a sign of the struggle remaining. The blood had been wiped and everything straightened up. I found her in a back room, bathing a dog in a mess of shampoo.
She looked up and grinned when she saw me.
—You sure know how to treat a girl.
—I thought you’d appreciate it. That’s why I asked you out right away for tonight. I wanted the shock factor. It worked out when you didn’t hesitate.
She smiled up at me again, and I knew I was home.
—Is it going to be a regular date, or will I need body armor?
—I think we’ll be safe. In fact, I can almost guarantee it.
—Good to know.
She kissed me on the cheek. It was a tossup which of us beamed the brightest.
—Now get out of here.
She gently eased me in the door's direction.
—I have a dog to bathe.
The coroner’s vehicle arrived as I walked out the door. I waited while they sampled the blood in the back of the van. I called for a tow to haul the van to impound and high-tailed it to the rental company. No one behind the counter recognized the photo of the results of my target practice. The renter’s ID turned out to be fake.
Back to square one.
The text from the department’s vehicle shop informed me that yesterday’s blowout in front of my favorite donut shop hadn’t resulted from a bad tire. It was because of a gunshot. I hadn’t figured on that. Someone knew I’d be going past and took advantage. What I couldn’t figure is how they knew.
Then I realized it was whoever had the place staked out. It was one of my favorite places to take a break. I liked it because the little hole-in-the-wall was one of my hideouts for a quiet cup of coffee and innocent flirting with Mabel, the owner. I never told anyone about it.
It was time to get up on the roof across the street for a better look. And sure enough.
The sleeping bag behind the chimney was the first clue. The second was the pile of cans and the gas burner. Christ, they were patient, to say the least. That spelled grudge to me. I missed it earlier because it was on the long end of the strip mall, almost directly overtop of my place.
I ran through a list of who in my world hated me enough to set out to kill me. Being a cop, the list wasn’t short, but even so. To go to this much trouble meant some serious problems on the part of the shooter. Nobody I knew had the patience for this.
At least, I didn’t think I knew anyone.
Hell, even in my wildest imagination I couldn’t think of anyone wanting to be rid of me this badly.
Not even the ex-girlfriends, and that was saying something.


With no lead beyond fingerprints on the empty cans, I packed a couple away in a plastic bag and headed back to the precinct. To kill time, I scrolled through mug shots. Nothing jumped out at me. I turned off the monitor.
I hoped the extra set of eyes I’d bring to the game tonight would do the trick. At least, with Luce it wouldn’t be as boring. I hated to admit it, but I was starting to like the girl.
As far as the actual case went, I had little to go on.
What I had was a dead body. As far as I knew, there was no motive for the body to be in my bed, other than that Chesterfield had invited herself into it while she was alive. I had a roof shooter who camped out for God only knows how long to get his crack at me. Fortunately, he missed. And I didn’t know what I did to piss him off, either.
The campsite on the roof was another thing. The way the shooter had that positioned gave him an opportunity to listen in on what went on in my apartment. I wondered if he knew I had a woman in bed with me, and for some sick reason decided to make it personal.
I should probably go back to Chesterfield’s place to look for boyfriend photos. I didn’t. Something else was bugging me.
The neckerchief I found hanging in the van was waving like a red flag, even though it was green. It was only a damned bandana. Nothing special there. Even Lucy used one as a sweat band when she rode her bike. I know because every once in a while, before I knew who she was, I used to check her out when she rode on by.
I remember thinking she was kind of young. And I sure as hell didn’t realize that she worked at the pet shop.
That was then. Now I knew Lucy was just right.
I picked up some Chinese and headed back to the pet shop. She left her bike tied up and my place and we drove to the precinct. I let her have the chair at the keyboard before producing the takeout.
—You really go all out when you ask someone on a date, don’t you?
I showed my teeth in a toothy grin and she grinned back.
—I don’t want to spoil you right off. I want to work up to it.
—In that case, you must have brought me here for a reason. Either that, or you’re testing me.
—Maybe a little of both. I need your help.
—You’ll have to feed me first.
So I did.
We exchanged dog stories and cop stories and before we knew it, it was midnight and we’d been laughing almost the entire time. It seemed to me as though we both enjoyed each other’s company.
Maybe even a little too much.


Lucy was a small-town girl who grew up on a farm. She was even a former 4-H girl. She moved to the city for adventure and education, where she was taking a year off before her final year and graduation. The pet shop was the perfect job where she could still work with animals, yet be free to finish her education when she was ready.
—I still wear the 4-H bandana.
So that’s what it was.
—I don’t like to brag, but I’m a former Cub scout.
—You didn’t finish the program, did you?
—Not really.
—Why not?
—That’s a story all by itself.
—Well, since we’ll be here all night, and I’m going to be busy trolling the mug shots, you can entertain me.
I got Lucy set up and comfortable with snack food and water, and she was good to go. When I could see that she had settled in and gotten familiar with the software, I set her free.
—You’re going to get the condensed version, because—
—You listened to me ramble on about my boring life in a small town. Now it’s your turn to bore me about growing up in the bright lights and big city.
—Well, not exactly. I grew up in a small town, too. Not as small as yours, though. It was a factory town. One industry. A lunch-bucket town. Shift work. The plant ran twenty-four and seven.
I stopped to remember how all of us in the same crowd got the hell out as fast as we could after high school. We couldn’t put the place in the rear-view fast enough.
—Keep going. I can type, use a mouse, look and listen, all at the same time.
—Sorry. I got lost.
I smiled, and she smiled, and I was smitten.
—Anyway, in grade three or somewhere near to it, I belonged to Cubs. One of the guys I met there, Gordie, eventually became a pretty good friend. He lived out in the country and rode the bus to school. When he could, he hung out at my place and we’d do the usual kid stuff in town.
—Now you’re just a city slicker trying to kiss up to a country girl, aren’t you?
—I swear on a stack of 4-H posters. One day, Gordie shows up at my place and starts telling me about his older brother. Ron. Gordie told me Ron picked on him all the time. He said when he’d get really mean he’d load the .22 in front of him and threaten him with it.
—These days they call that bullying.
—I know that. I’m talking a generation ago, at the very least.
—Just how old are you?
—If you’re patient, maybe I’ll let you count the rings later tonight.
She looked around the deserted floor, lit dimly by blue computer screens.
—If you don’t keep talking, I just might take you up on it right now.
—Well, Gordie didn’t show up at school for a couple of days. Then, out of the blue, the principal announces that Gordie wouldn’t be coming back to school. The poor kid had committed suicide.
—I’m sorry, Jim.
—Yeah, well, all the Cubs were at Gordie’s funeral. His folks wanted him buried in his uniform, so we got to do the honor guard thing and all.
I had forgotten how long ago it happened.
—The funny thing is, after it was all over with, Gordie’s brother, Ron, somehow showed up at the playground one day. I’m not sure if he was looking for me, or just passing by. But, when I saw him, I could tell by the way he looked at me. Gordie must have told him I knew what was going on.
—Are you sure? That was a long time ago.
—I’m as sure as I can be. Ron gave me a look that went from almost saying hello to abject fear in about a split second. I never saw or heard anything about him after that.
Lucy interrupted my storytelling.
—Here’s the mug shot you’re looking for, Nash.
—Are you sure?
—As sure as I can be.


It had to be the Ouch-ow-dammit! that woke me up. Like the good cop that I am, I immediately set out to investigate. I crossed paths with a naked woman. She was standing in front of the stove, trying to dodge spatters coming off of the bacon frying in the pan.
I had to admit, she had some damned fine hip action going on.
—You’ve never done that before, have you?
—What do you think?
I took off my robe and wrapped her up, but not before copping a feel. Top and bottom.
—I’ll be in bed if you ever get finished with that.
—By the time I’m finished with you, you’ll be wanting to stay there to rest up.
—Promises.
The faint sound of stones crunching underfoot filtered through the ceiling. I’m not known as the best housekeeper, but even I manage to keep rocks out of my palace.
—Come on, woman. Turn it off and get in the bedroom right now.
—But I’m not finished yet. I wanted to surprise you.
—You did. You can finish the rest of your surprise later. There’s someone on the roof.
I pulled Luce into the bedroom and pushed her down on the floor beside the mattress. I threw clothes in her direction and tried to keep calm. It didn’t work until I managed to get my pants on.
Just soon enough.
The front door crashed onto the floor. Heavy footsteps calmly marched in and walked through my living room. Luce started to get up. I couldn’t let her do that. I knocked her down and reached for the brand-new .45 stashed at the head of the bed.
—Stay down this time. And don’t come out of here until I tell you it’s all clear. Understand?
Lucy didn’t answer. Damn. I must have knocked her out when I pushed her down the second time. I cocked the hammer, slowly made my way into the kitchen, and tried not to give up my position.
Nobody.
I led with the .45 and edged around a wall into the living room.
Nothing.
I looked in the closet. Nothing there, either.
I eased the hammer down and tucked the .45 into my pants and called out to Lucy.
—It’s all right now. You can come out.
I propped the door up in its frame and tried making it look halfway secure. I couldn’t, and it wasn’t. Blue sky showed through the edges where it had been torn out and separated from the frame.
I went searching for Lucy. I found her still in the bedroom. She was sitting on the edge of the bed, naked, holding her head in her hands. I eased her down, lifted her feet, and covered her with the sheet. I grabbed a bag of frozen peas out of the freezer, retrieved what was left of breakfast, and made a production of presenting it.
—I’ll have flowers for your breakfast tomorrow, Luce.
She wasn’t having any of it. She skipped breakfast and instead held the ice-cold bag against her swollen eye.
—The way things are going around here, we might not have a tomorrow.
I didn’t want to contemplate that.
—We’ll have plenty of tomorrows. I know it, and so do you.
I slipped under the sheets and snuggled up. She stopped shaking eventually.


Lucy was asleep on her stomach when I slipped the covers off. With her firm, untanned rear staring me in the face, I couldn’t resist giving it a little squeeze. I followed up with a firm slap.
—Ouch. You bastard. Stop that.
—That’s not what you said last night.
To kiss up, I squeezed the other cheek. Damn but that was one firm bit of woman. Distracted as I was, I traipsed to the kitchen and rummaged through her backpack. I came up with a wallet. I never really thought age was a problem, but now I knew for sure.
I blinked twice and opened the wallet again. Triplets?
—What are you doing out there?
—I’m making breakfast.
—I don’t have time. I have to get to the shop.
—I’ll bring it to you.
—Such a sweet man. How come no one’s got you in their pocket?
—Well, so far, you seem to be the one to have filled your pocket with me.
—I’m leaving my stuff here. Is that all right?
—Of course it is— oh, you’re wearing another dress.
Luce twirled. Her skirt billowed and settled against tanned legs. I couldn’t stop grinning, and the subtle smile on her face convinced me she liked me, too.
—Yes, I like. Now stop teasing and get going. I’ll see you in a couple with breakfast.
—You’re spoiling me.
—Yes I am. Will I regret it when you get home?
Home? That slipped out, somehow, but then I was always saying things like that to the women I liked. I couldn’t help myself.
—Most likely not.
She twirled again, lifted the door out of the frame and leaned it against the wall.
—I won’t need a key.
Lucy clip-clopped down the steps until I couldn’t hear her. I started thinking I might be falling in like when the sound of an explosion echoed off the buildings across the street.


Lucy.
I raced down the stairs in a panic. She was no doubt on the street on the way to work. My mind went full speed to comprehend what had happened. What was happening.
It was an echo. It had to be. It wasn’t so strong of an explosion. I hit the street running and rounded the corner of the building. No broken windows across the street. No crashed vehicles on fire. Maybe it was only a door come out of a frame and crash onto the ground. Still, it couldn’t be good.
The cloud of dust, black smoke and destruction hit me like a brick. The sudden realization that Luce must have just that instant put her key in the lock and pushed open the door would have brought me to my knees were I not running so fast to get to her.
I wanted to keep on going. I wanted to run past and keep running. I knew if I did, I wouldn’t stop. I couldn’t. My legs would keep putting one foot in front of the other. I didn’t have a guess where or when I might stop.
Instead, I dropped to the ground beside her. Her pulse was strong and racing. Her breathing shallow. Her face and arms were covered in small cuts and scrapes consistent with shattering glass. From what I could see, blood loss appeared minimal.
Her dress was in tatters. I put my coat over her and took her in my arms.
—You’re going to be all right, Luce.
—Easy for you to say, you bastard. You’re not the one wearing the shredded summer dress that I pulled out of my backpack just for you.
—If it’s any consolation, it still looks pretty good on you.
—You’re just saying that because you can see right through it.
—Well, now that you mention it—
The ambulance screeched to a stop beside us, and I left Lucy to the professionals. The EMT recognized me and shook his head. Lucy had a last wish for me.
—Jim. See if there’s a dog in there. She came in last night. Her name is Zelda.
—I’ll be over to see you in a bit. And yes, I’ll take care of Zelda. I promise.
The fire trucks parked farther away and men scrambled to lay hose and take up positions. There wasn’t much fire left for them. It was almost as if the blast was meant to cause minimal damage by blowing out the store windows and nothing else.
Zelda limped into the picture for Lucy just before the door slammed on the ambulance. Not sure what to do once she lost sight of Lucy behind the closed ambulance door, she sat down beside me. I scratched her behind the ear. Her wet nose found my hand and she snuffled.
Still unsure, the huge black Labrador looked up at me with sad brown eyes and a hangdog expression.
—Yes, Zelda. That’s pretty much how I feel about it, too.
She woofed and got up and followed me home. We both slowly made our way up the stairs. She lapped up the water I put out. When she finished, I took her on a tour of the place. She sniffed and snuffled her way into the bedroom.
Zelda looked up at me once, jumped up onto the bed, and settled in to stretch out on my side of it.
Women.
I smiled and thanked my lucky stars—for women, not the dog. Okay, well, maybe just a little for the dog, too. She seemed to be a bit of a sweetheart.


Zelda seemed to be settling in nicely. She was on my bed, wheezing, dreaming of green fields and shallow ponds. At least, that’s what I’d be dreaming about if I was in her place. I headed off for dog food and duct tape. 
I used all the tape to give the door a jaunty tilt. With a bit of help it closed from both inside and out. I’d worry about locking it later.
For my own safety I needed to find out what the hell was going on. It wouldn’t hurt if Luce and Zelda could learn to relax around me, too. I drove into the seedy part of town and checked into a couple of bars that I thought might turn up the shady characters I needed.
I came up empty. Then I hit the Blue Parrot.
Jerry, the Parrot’s bartender, was a former customer. He ended up on the wrong end of a heist gone bad and did five with time off for good behavior, thanks to me. He put his time inside to good use and learned woodworking. When he got out he approached me for a loan.
I was dubious at first. What cop wouldn’t be given the human disasters they dealt with on a daily basis?
The first thing I did was check his prison record. It was a good one. He kept his nose clean for the entire five years. His wife and family stood by him. He showed me a rough business plan. He’d worked it up on the back of a couple of big brown envelopes.
I took a chance and loaned Jerry some of the cash after he convinced me he could make a go of it. He set up shop in a rental unit and did custom woodworking for kitchen rebuilds. When business was slow, he tended bar to take up the slack.
He owed me, even though he’d paid the bill a long time ago. He knew it, too.


I offered Jerry the opportunity to fix my door. He accepted on the spot. I filled him in on what was going on. I told him about the shooting attempt on my life by the sniper. The break-in at my place could have been anyone. The explosion at the pet shop that injured Lucy was pretty bold. He agreed with that.
In about a second he nodded his head toward two men hunched over a table in a dark corner. They were deep in conversation, oblivious to anything else in the bar. It was time to take care of business.
The new guys in the precinct liked those spring-loaded extending saps. I never wanted to waste time pulling it out and waiting for it to expand. While it could administer a good rap, it took too long to swing.
My preference was for the old leather and shot variety. I wore it in a pocket fitted on the left side of my pants. Short and flexible, in close quarters it made it easy to flip out and break a collarbone or badly bruise a forearm at the drop of a glass.
That’s what I did when the moron jumped out of his chair and waved a fist in my direction. The fist changed into an open hand as he went down on his knees clutching a badly bruised collarbone. For good measure, I let him have a quickie on the side of the head. There was no complaining when he went all the way down.
It was over so quick, the second bozo decided he had to put up or shut up. He jumped up into a fighting stance and I knew right away he wasn’t going to be a patsy. I didn’t mess around. When he saw the automatic leveled at his chest he straightened up the chair he was in and sat his ass back down.
—I’ve got a witness that puts you pretty close to where someone was killed.
—Tough luck for her, then.
I smacked him on the collar with the butt of my gun and he fell out of the chair and went down like a cow walking into a slaughterhouse. I called for the wagon and stood guard at the bar with Jerry.
—You better hope they keep those two. They look to me like the type that holds a grudge.
—That’s the trouble, Jerry. They’ve been holding a grudge for too long.


I went by the station to clear up the mess of paperwork I had on account of the two in the bar. I finished and it was time to pick up Lucy. I stopped for flowers on the way. The old girl behind the desk gave me a tip about a dress shop across the street and already I figured I was one up on Lucy’s last beau.
The gift wrapping took a couple of minutes, and I was on my way. Lights flashing in the grill managed to move some of the cars out of the way and next I knew I was parked beside a fire hydrant like it was reserved parking just for me.
I checked in with registration and ended up in a waiting room. Luce appeared in a hospital gown, limping but otherwise unharmed. She and Zelda would be a couple for a bit, sharing limps and my bed.
—How long have you been here?
She didn’t look so bad. A bit pale, perhaps. I would be, too.
—An hour or so. I wasn’t going to leave until I got to see you. What happened to your clothes?
—A nurse threw them out.
—In that case, you’d better put that gown on the opposite way. Every man in this place is going to be asking for your phone number when they get a gander at your fine rear end walking itself out of this pop stand.
—I’ll give them yours. Are those for me?
I grinned like a teenager caught out before he was ready to hand over the flowers. Lucy’s grin wouldn’t allow her to close her lips when she kissed my cheek.
I debated about letting her have her presents so soon. I figured if I wanted to be on her good side—which right about now in that gown was her backside—I’d better let her have the dress. She wasted no time ripping open the box, smiling the whole time.
—Did you get underwear?
Damn. I never even thought about that. Then I remembered.
—You stopped wearing underwear when you started seeing me. Don’t you remember?
Luce gave me a devilish look.
—Right. How could I forget?
I patted her rear. Luce skipped a couple of steps and an old girl at reception smiled in our direction. It all made me very happy.
—I rounded up the man you identified in the mug shot. For good measure I added the guy he was with.
I opened the car door and she eased her way down into the seat.
—I’m sore all over. I can’t wait to get home.
—You took quite a beating.
—I’ll manage with a bit of help.
—Zelda is waiting faithfully. You should have seen her performance until she picked up your scent and headed straight for the bedroom and my side of the bed.
—Remind you of anyone in particular?
The last time I checked, Lucy was fast asleep where she belonged, on my side of the bed. The black Lab, Zelda, had been relegated to having her doggie dreams while sprawled on the floor beside her.
The dress hung on the door frame, waiting for her to wake up. If I was a lucky man, and I thought I was, I’d get to help her into it before too long.
I’d be even luckier when I got to help her out of it for the second time.


Pounding. Pounding. What? No. It couldn't be. My brain asleep couldn’t fathom it. Groggy and half-awake, I swung feet to floor, stood up, unsteady, and stumbled to the kitchen. Lucy's hands were around the grip on the .45 that belonged behind my bed.
—What the hell-
The smell of gunpowder tainted my nostrils. Obviously the pounding had been gunshots, thanks to Lucy and no thanks to my rudely interrupted dream.
—How many?
—Two.
—You hold that thing like a pro.
—My dad taught us.
—Good to know.
She cast her gaze to the ceiling.
—There’s a hole in the roof. I hope it doesn’t rain.
I followed her eyes.
—Yeah, those 45s pack a pretty good recoil.
—I’ll do better next time now that I know how to keep it down.
—So-
—So I thought I heard someone trying to get past our duct-tape door. I couldn’t wake you up. I figured it was my responsibility to take matters into my own hands.
—Has anyone told you lately you look like a barrio girl?
—It’s the missing eyebrows, isn’t it?
I grinned at her.
—Yeah, but it can be fixed with a little eyeliner.
—How long have you been checking out the chulas in the barrio?
—Long enough.
Lucy held out the .45 butt-first. I slipped the cylinder and reloaded.
—For next time.
I tucked the .45 into the hiding spot behind the bed before calling the precinct. I inquired about the two from the bar I had bruised and hauled in earlier. I waited on hold until someone came back and said they were still in lockup.
All right, so there had to be something else going on. Whatever it was, I was in the dark. I figured I’d better get a clue pretty fast before I ended up getting Lucy killed for my ignorance.
Raindrops began hitting the windows. I moved Zelda’s water dish to where I thought it might collect some of it. With the dog looked after, I gave my full attention to Lucy.
—I’m kind of getting accustomed to seeing you naked around these parts.
—By the look of it, I’d say you’re not so accustomed to it just yet.
Which, as it turned out, was a pretty good thing as far as we were concerned.


My tired body reluctantly crawled its way out of a bed warmed by the two women in my life. Okay, so one of them was four-legged. Snicker if you want, but the other one was no dog, I can guarantee that—even if she was still a little worse for wear and missing just a bit of her eyebrows.
My pub crawl began early and started with every bar I could remember that opened at six a.m. The rewards weren’t great. One was the odor of stale beer and cigarettes, with the occasional bit of puke thrown in for free. Sleepy, disinterested bartenders revealed nothing.
When I finished with that run of mildly unhappy bartenders, it was time to move on to the ten a.m. crowd. Ditto on the results.
No big surprise.
If I learned anything so early in the morning, it was that being in the bar industry meant that profit, if there was indeed any, never ended up being reinvested in the business. Rather, it seemed to go into shiny vehicles, drugs, and the occasional good-looking waitress, not necessarily in that order.
Bullshit seemed to play a big part in it, too.
By high noon it began to look like my leg-work would be wasted. Then I hit the Blue Parrot again, and wouldn’t you know it, jackpot. And I didn’t even play the lottery.
Maybe I’d start.
The only two customers in the place must have thought I was blind. They edged out, and I edged out behind them, hot on the trail. My reward was a knock on the head. The last thing I remembered seeing was dirty asphalt and stars—and we’re not talking about the walk of fame here.
I came to in the back of a step van. It was parked across the street from my apartment. The barking dog clued me in that something was going on that I wouldn’t like. Even if I couldn’t, at least Zelda was doing a job trying to take care of Luce.
I knew Lucy had done her job when the 45 she must have hauled out from behind my bed did its job. I wondered how many holes there’d be in the roof after this episode. I shouldn’t have worried. When the door opened and Lucy was thrown in with me, I knew there’d be no holes manufactured by my 45.
—You’re definitely attracting the wrong crowd with that chula makeup you’re wearing.
—Thanks to you again. I think I’d better find another guy while I still can.
—Oh come on. What’s not to like about a man and his faithful companion?
—Might I remind you it was me who came up with the dog?
—You could, but it won’t do you any good now.
We were in deep shit, and we knew it. We knew it was entirely my fault, too. The only positive thing to come out of it was that they had used my own handcuffs on me.
I had the solution for that.


The criminal element driving the van obviously hadn’t seen any cop shows on TV. They completely missed the backup in the holster strapped to my ankle. I snuggled up to Lucy and got the cold shoulder.
—If you think that’s going to help your cause, you’re sadly misinformed.
—You say that now, but let me whisper in your ear for a minute.
When I was done she maneuvered into position to wiggle fingers into my pocket. She reached bottom and came up empty-handed.
—Maybe it’s the other one.
I struggled like a porpoise in an aquarium out of water. I huffed and puffed myself into a position where I figured Lucy could search the opposite pocket. Despite her encouragement for me to lose a few pounds of muffin top, I had difficulty positioning myself for her to reach the key.
The van bumped and groaned down alleys and across back streets. By the time it stopped we were in no better shape. We’d been subjected to more bumps and bruises than a bad pole dancer and we still hadn’t found the handcuff key or a way out.
With both sets of hands behind us, reaching the gun on my ankle wasn’t an option.
Both doors slammed and we were alone again. We readjusted and this time Lucy dragged the key out of me. In no time she had one side undone and I slipped my wrist free, twisted away from her and slipped off the other cuff.
First things first. I freed my backup and had to set it down to struggle with the duct tape wrapped around Lucy’s ankles. I moved to her wrists. She recognized one of her captors walking past the front of the van. Her eyes locked on and her free hand snaked to the gun on the floor.
In the van’s confined cargo deck the explosion was deafening.
—Did you get him?
—I think so.
I took my chance and did a quick look out the back. There wasn’t a thing around but a couple of cars parked close to one lonely storage shed made from a series of linked cargo containers. They sat on a cement pad, at just the right height for the van.
—Do you think you can back this thing up against that door?
—You know it. Say when.
Lucy squeezed through the narrow door into the cab. I lifted the rear door all the way up. I had a clear view behind us. She backed the van until it bumped against the loading dock door.
The overhead door wound up and two men began throwing bundles into the back of the van. Faithful employee that I was, I helped stack them in the truck.
There was half a load by the time we finished. I slapped the divider and Lucy shifted into drive and we were off. Where the hell we were going was anyone’s guess if you didn’t know I was a cop.
—Take us to the precinct, Luce. I’ll ride shotgun.
I climbed into the front, adjusted the mirror, and settled in. I knew it wouldn't be long before someone started wondering who it was driving off with the missing cargo.
—What I wouldn’t give for a pay phone right about now.
—Good luck with that.


A couple of things bothered me. I didn’t have a clue what was going on. Yes, we had extricated ourselves from handcuffs and duct tape. Yes, I had a truckload of dope and I was headed toward the nearest cop shop. Yes, we had a meth lab and a body that needed to be called in.
So then, why had we been taken in the first place?
—I know I’m in the clear on this, and I don’t like to cast any stones, but is there something you’re not telling me I should know?
—Well-
—Spill, woman.
—The murdered woman in your bed, the fireman, was my sister.
So that was it.
—And I feel guilty as hell about that. I can’t figure who killed her, or why. And by the way, I checked your ID and discovered you had the same last name. Until then, I only figured as much. You look nothing like her.
—Our parents lost our home in all the financial shenanigans that went on. My dad had to find another line of work, so he went on a road trip to Mexico and carted home a load of coke.
—Okay, I’m covering my ears now.
—He made enough to pick up a distress sale and we ended up with a smaller home at a good price. The roof didn’t leak and there was just enough space for the five of us.
I could see where she was going with this already. The locals took offense with having their business profits cut, and wanted to leave a message. The one they left dead in my bed was it. With Lucy working just down the street, it wouldn’t be long before the message got out.
Now I was stuck with a drug-dealing family, and two of their offspring had ended up in my bed. I figured I was doing good, though. Only one of them was dead.
So far.


At least now I knew drugs played a part in the shit I had going on in my life. It never ceased to amaze me how drugs could screw up even a simple piss-up in a brewery. I wasn’t even a serious drinker.
—There’s a truck behind us. Do you think it’ll be trouble?
—There’s no doubt. Someone finally figured out the drugs have left the building, and not with who they thought.
It all happened too fast. The dualie swerved and pulled out to pass. Lucy’s attempt at pushing harder on the pedal went to nothing on the underpowered step van. The driver of the dualie came up beside Luce. He cranked the wheel. The vehicles made contact. The unstable, top-heavy step van careened off the pavement.
Lucy swerved and over-corrected in a vain attempt to keep the heavy van on the pavement. The front tire left the road and dug into the loose windrow of sand by the side of the road. She cranked the steering wheel around, overreacted and over-corrected again, and the van flipped onto its side. It continued on its way, careening into a ravine. It finally slid to a stop.
When the dust settled, the driver’s door was gone. I couldn’t see Lucy. She had disappeared. Either she skipped out or she wasn’t wearing her seatbelt. I climbed out and almost fell on top of her limp body. I checked for a pulse.
Lucy was gone.
Ditto for the dualie.
I quick-marched my bruised ribs down the road, eventually ending up at a house. I called in a SWAT team to raid the meth lab if the fools hadn’t moved out already. Perhaps they’d think it all blew over when the van disappeared. That, or they were too stoned on fumes to realize their operation had been compromised.


I allowed Lucy to rest in peace. I did my duty as a cop and a man and explained the situation as best I could to her folks. To myself I pleaded ignorance and let them think I knew nothing.
I stayed away from the funeral.
How could I do anything else? I was responsible for the deaths of two. They still had one sister left, but I was going to stay far away from her for as long as I could.
To me, that meant forever.
Even if it was her turn for some comforting.


I’m not a television cop. Those guys solve their cases in an hour. Less than that if you included all the sales pitches for beer and groceries. Forty minutes plus a couple—that’s all it took.
For me, it worked out to a lifetime.
If it feels like it’s time to go, it usually is. The day before, I had handed in my badge, my gun, my cell phone and the keys to the black and white beater.
I was going.
She must have known I was packing. She came and looked into the bedroom a couple of times. Every time she would stop at the door, turn around and walk away. It was as if she didn’t believe it, or wouldn’t believe it, or wasn’t sure.
Eventually, she got tired of waiting and stopped coming in. By then I’d finished packing. I hauled my bag and Luce’s backpack down the steps to a waiting Zelda. She sniffed the bag and wagged her tail.
There was no way I could tell her that Luce wouldn’t be coming with us. I threw her bag into the trunk and opened the door for the dog. She happily jumped in and sat up front. Zelda’s tail wagged like there was no tomorrow. Which was true, for some of us.
Zelda’s cold nose found my neck and I laughed and she did it again because she could.
I wasn’t so happy. I wondered if I ever would be again.


Pirate Cay
1


I FINISHED PACKING and went looking for Zelda. Usually, when I was done filling a suitcase, she’d be in the kitchen, sulking by her food bowl, knowing she was off to the kennels for a short stay. She must have figured something different was up, because this time, I found her sulking by the door.
She knew we were going off somewhere together. The instant she saw me, her ears perked up and her tail started to thump the floor, making noise like an upstairs neighbor on a dance-a-thon. Smart dog that she was, she read the clues and knew there would be no kennel in her life this time.
To keep her happy on our road trip, I grabbed the bag of food from under the counter, and her food dish. For good measure, I added the water bowl. With food and dishes in one hand and my bag in the other, we walked down the stairs to the car.
I popped the trunk and stowed everything I could. Zelda, ever the nervous Nellie, stayed far enough away to make sure I didn’t make an attempt to put her in there, too. I closed shop, and she wuffed agreement before scurrying to the driver-side door, satisfied I had everything she needed.
Zelda never actually called shotgun, but I knew she’d want to ride up front. I opened the door, and she jumped in and squatted on the front passenger seat like she belonged. Which she did. There was no question about it. We both knew that. I got in and slammed my door and Zelda barked once like she was the boss. Like she wanted me to hurry up and get on with it.
Women.
For a change, I checked texts on my phone and discovered more than a couple from Allie. We’d had a fling about a year-and-a-half ago. When the fling ended, we stayed on good terms-don’t ask me how-and every once in a while we had end up consoling one another for whatever reason.
Well, okay, so we stayed on good terms until she got caught up in one of my murder cases. It was probably my fault more than hers for letting that happen. Following her arrest and release without charges, she blew town for parts unknown. Somehow, I knew I’d never hear from her again.
Thus my surprise at the stack of waiting texts. Maybe I should turn on my phone more often-especially if it meant I’d get to pick up Allie’s messages.
Strike that never-hear-from-her-again discussion.
I brought up the number pad, figuring I should call to find out what was going on. My phone died at that moment and that idea went out the window. I couldn’t find a charge cord within easy reach. Zelda was no help. I’d have to stop later to water and exercise Zelda. I’d find the spare cord in my bag when I did.
Originally, I planned on heading down the Keys with Zelda on a well-deserved vacation. I needed to escape former job pressures I was no longer subject to since handing in my resignation the day before.
Instead, I changed plans mid-stream. You couldn’t say I was inflexible.
Unable to talk to Allie on a dead phone, Key West would have to wait. I knew it wasn’t in any danger of disappearing. I turned west toward Panama Crossing and Allie. If she needed my help, there was no way I could say no. What she wouldn’t-or couldn’t-tell me in a text, I hoped she’d be able to tell me in person.
I turned into a rest stop to let Zelda out for her run and found the charge cord. I plugged in and called to let Allie know to expect two for dinner. She sounded disappointed. I didn’t bother to let her know my plus-one was a dog.
I also didn’t bother checking with Zelda to ask if it was all right if she wouldn’t be seeing the sights in Key West.
I figured she’d never know the difference.


The tires rattled on driveway gravel announcing our arrival in the marina’s parking lot. The place was enormous. Fresh paint dressed up what was already a good-looking private marina. A flag snapped in the stiff wind, forcing the rope to slap the steel pole. The smell of salt water and the gulf was strong.
Allie met me in the driveway with a puzzled look and three sweaty Sols to take the edge off.
—Where’s your passenger?
—Zelda? She’s sleeping in the back.
She gave me a look that said she wanted to bury me in an empty lot.
—Will I get to meet her, or are you going to leave her there?
She returned my shit-eating grin with a scowl, and I knew I’d better introduce the two of them sooner rather than later. I opened the back door and Zelda sprung up from her doggie dreams and hustled out on all fours.
—Zelda, this is Allie. Make nice and maybe she’ll let you have some of that beer.
Zelda’s cold wet nose sniffled and snuffled its way from Allie’s ankles all the way up to her crotch. By the time my favorite girl worked her nose back down to where she started, Zelda’s tail was wagging faster than the snapping rope on the flagpole. They both looked pretty happy.
The dog plopped down at Allie’s feet and looked from me to her and back. Allie reached for Zelda’s ear and began scratching and I already knew the best part of my job was done.
All I had left to do was find out what was going on.
—Your messages didn’t say much. How about filling me in on the dirty details?
—Let’s go in. Chinese is on the way.
Zelda attached herself to Allie, kind of like I attached myself to the woman back in the old days. I wasn’t dumb enough to think that there’d be much left between us after I got her arrested for harboring a fugitive. That fugitive was me. She blew town without a word, pretty much guaranteeing that she was pissed at me.
I couldn’t blame her.
—I’m sorry about what happened-
—I know, Jim. It wasn’t all your fault. As an employee in the coroner’s office, I should have known enough not to get involved.
—And as a cop, I should have known better than to expect you to give me a place to stay, even though you did.
With the apologizing out of the way, it was time to get down to what interrupted the Key West vaycay Zelda and I were planning.
—Until I listened to your messages, I thought you were gone forever.
—So did I, but I’m glad you’re here. My brother, Hank, is in the charter boat business. He rents and crews boats to anyone that can afford one. A lot of the business happens in the winter with the snowbirds.
—So this is where you disappeared to. It sounds like nice work if you can get it.
I looked around at the vast compound.
—It is, minus the cheats, liars and assorted assholes that don’t pay their bills.
She rubbed her eyes, as if to block out everything around her.
—I’d say that’s pretty standard for someone in business. Does Hank own all this outright?
—He does. Well, he owns part of it. It’s a family business. There’s just him and me left.
Allie crossed her arms.
—But that’s not the problem. I’m convinced that at least one, and maybe more, of his captains is running a side business.
In our other lives, Allie and I ended up crossing paths at some of the crime scenes we worked. For whatever reason, we decided we might enjoy spending time together outside of work. She had mentioned her brother and how he was all she had after her folks had been killed in a car accident. Her brother took over the family business. Allie chose to stay on as one of the city’s coroners.
—If the employees are doing something illegal, the entire business could end up forfeited as proceeds of crime. His home, too. Everything.
It became obvious why Allie messaged me. There was a problem with that, though. I knew absolutely nothing about boats. Hell, I couldn’t even swim. I figured I’d let her keep talking until she made plain what she wanted.
—I never told my brother about you. I’ve been on the down-low since getting here. None of the crews know he has a sister.
I got it. Finally.
—He’s looking for crew, isn’t he?
—Yes. I told him I’d help him out. I didn’t tell him anything about you.
—And?
—I think some of the regulars have been scaring off anyone reliable so they can get more of their own hired on. Hank is desperate for people he can trust. I’m going to sign on as crew. You’re going to go down to the dock tomorrow and talk him into signing you.
Over the Chinese food we both liked, Allie briefed me on her brother’s operation and filled me in on the details. It wasn’t small potatoes. It was high-class. He owned almost a dozen hulls, anywhere from fifty to a hundred feet. A couple of them were cigarettes, capable of high-speed ocean navigation. Or of running people.
And maybe even drugs.
It would be easy to head out into the gulf, meet up with a tramp steamer or a mini-sub and load up with whatever they were carrying. No customs to clear. Nothing but found money.
I didn’t let on I knew anything about that.


I hooked up with a dog-friendly motel and checked in with Zelda. In the morning, I put her in a kennel and tried to explain to her it wouldn’t be forever. She didn’t believe me, so I put out water and a bowl of food to assuage my guilt. It didn’t halt the whining. Neither did her fave chew-toy.
It had the exact opposite effect. It pretty much assured her it would be forever.
I made my way to the marina in the quiet, humid early morning air. The flag drooped over the pole. The smell was pleasant. No dead fish odor to spoil the effect.
The office door was open. I walked in and introduced myself to Hank, Allie’s brother. He was tall and lanky and tanned from his years spent on the gulf with the charter business. I hadn’t thought a resumé would be worth much in his line of work. Besides, I was out of my league. For Allie’s sake I couldn’t turn down her call for help.
Even if I didn’t know how to swim.
After a couple of questions and a little back and forth, I convinced Hank I didn’t know squat about boats. Maybe he bought my story about wanting a little saltwater adventure in my otherwise dull life. Or maybe he was just desperate enough to give me a chance.
Hank teamed me up with Allie and the two of us went in search of the rest of the crew. We found them gathered at the end of the wharf, in deep conversation. It ended abruptly and silence overtook as we approached. Eyes shifted nervously as we drew closer.
We shared a glance to confirm our suspicions, and then we were on them. Allie introduced me to what looked like some of the toughest, scruffiest-looking old salts on the coast. They might be known for instilling confidence and respect in the outfit’s clients, but a couple of the rag-tags looked to be pretty shady. Knives, wristbands and even an eye patch appeared to be the order of the day.
Minus hooks or peg-legs, I wondered how the man with the patch lost the eye.
Two of the men caught my attention right off. Neither Steve nor Dell would look at me straight up. Cop that I was-okay, ex-cop-I took it as a sign. I hadn’t been away from the job to have forgotten everything I learned working the streets.
As the newbie, I got my first job. I grabbed the bucket and the brush and began scrubbing down the dock. It didn’t take a lot of brain cells to push a scrub brush on a stick. I tackled it with my usual devil-may-care attitude and used the downtime to study the rest of the crew.
It appeared as though Dell and Steve were thick as thieves. Heads bowed, they shared their secrets in barely audible tones. Try as I might, I couldn’t make out the back and forth mumbling. I figured it would be those two who would end up being the troublemakers.
If I turned out to be wrong, so be it. There were plenty of other employees to take their places, even if they didn’t appear to be capable of doing whatever it was they were doing to the company.
—Where did Allie get to?
My eyes searched the wharf.
—She shipped out with the boys on one of the pontoon boats.
She was getting right to it. That was good.
—Did we get a charter?
—No, I think it’s a test run of some sort.
Strange. No one mentioned it earlier.
Rain or shine, as a cop nothing ever changed but whether I’d get wet or sunburned. That’s why I never paid attention to the weather, and that’s why I never paid attention to the storm blowing in off the Gulf.
If it hit, I’d get wet. If it didn’t, I’d stay dry.
I didn’t give a thought to what might happen to a pontoon boat. It was a boat. It floated. What could possibly go wrong?


2


THE DUO STRIDING TOWARD my end of the pier sporting wrinkled suit jackets didn’t look like they belonged. Their ugly demeanor and dark hair pretty much disqualified them as retired blue-hairs. The bulges under their arms said they were maybe tired cops. Or worse.
No matter. I hadn’t been out of the city long enough to ignore them.
—Can I help you?
—Where’s Hank?
—He’s not here yet. Anything I can do?
Eyes rolled and they looked at me like I was nuts before they shuffled off towards the office. When the door closed, the yelling started. I dropped back into deckhand mode and went back to worrying if Allie would make it back before the storm blew in.
I wanted to move into a position that would allow me to eavesdrop, but Steve and Dell were back to mumbling. I sidestepped closer, trying to catch the gist of their conversation. Rather than wait for me to get there, they approached me.
—We’ve got a proposal for you.
Oh-oh. Here we go.
—Then let’s talk.
They led me to the end of the wharf. On the way I wondered what the two of them would come up with. By the time I got there, the look of the sky and the howling wind diverted my thoughts once again to Allie and the pontoon boat she had shipped out on.
I didn’t know squat about water, but the gulf was a gigantic body of it. It was big enough to make its own weather, and that was what it looked like it was doing. For now, the onshore sky was clear and blue. In the direction Allie had headed off to, the ceiling was low and almost black, and the clouds were bound for shore.


I listened to Steve and Dell spin their tale of woe. When they finished, I had all the information I needed to begin a proper investigation. Hell, they did such a good job of it, I hardly had any questions-except for one.
—Who are you working for?
—We can’t tell you that. We know who Allie is, though. And we think you’re the ex-cop she used to go out with back east.
—Okay then. You’re DEA or Immigration or both. Maybe with ATF thrown in for good measure, although I already know one can’t represent the other.
—You might be right, but you’re not going to find out from us.
—If you’re local, you probably knew about or grew up with Hank. That means you know him personally. Is he the kind of guy to get mixed up in whatever it is brought you two here?
—We don’t think so. We think someone is holding something over him.
—I agree. That’s pretty much the way Allie told it, too.
By now I was damned sure they knew more than they were letting on. My impatience was growing. Concern about Allie out in the pontoon boat in the growing storm didn’t help matters.
—So now what, gentlemen?
Black cloud dropped low and got even darker, if that was possible. The accompanying wind unleashed a driving rain. Hulls strained against moorings and rocked back and forth, banging hard against fenders. Ignorant as I was about ocean storms, this one looked like it would get pretty intense, even to me.
I worried about Allie in the pontoon boat. Like I needed another woman in my life disappearing, whether or not it was my fault. With the wind picking up, I was concerned for her safety on the water in a floating cork of a boat that would make a pretty good sail.
—When this storm blows over we’re going looking for the pontoon boat. If it’s out in the middle of this blow, there’s no telling where it could end up.
Steve corrected me.
—We call them squalls.
In a matter of minutes, the wind turned to vicious. I put my back to it and worked my way off the dock onto shore, rocking and rolling all the way. Once inside the shelter of the boathouse, hail and anything that wasn’t tied down slapped against the tin roof and sides. Almost as quick as it blew in, the squall moved inland and dissipated, and Steve gave his orders.
—I’ll go tell Hank where we’re going. Jim, you and Dell get the engine warmed up.
Shit. Now Dell would find out for sure I knew squat about boats.
—How much experience do you have?
I couldn’t fault him for asking. Better to admit it than to be thought the fool.
—None.
—I figured. Okay, first things first. Where’s the wind?
—It’s blowing the boat against the pier.
—Yes it is. If it was blowing the other way, it would be a lot simpler. The wind would end up blowing the boat clear of the dock.
—So what do we do?
—First, you’ll cast off all the lines but the one attaching the bow. When you’ve done that, watch and listen to what Steve does with the after bow spring line. He’ll show you where to stow everything after we get under way.
—I have no idea what you’re talking about.
—You’ll learn or drown.
—I hope not.
—Once we’re underway, you can pull the fenders in.
My job was to watch and learn, so that’s what I did. With the bow attached by means of the after bow spring, Dell used the rudder and the engine to swing the stern away from the dock. Steve cast off the spring line, and we reversed away from the dock.
Piece of cake when someone else was doing it.


The squall had blown itself out, but I was still anxious about Allie. Maybe I should have felt the same way about the rest of them on the pontoon, too. I didn’t, particularly after Steve filled me in on the experience level of the boat’s crew. Old salts, all of them.
—How are we going to find them?
—There’s only a handful of places they could put in. Dell is going to stand watch with the binoculars.
—Do you still think Allie is a part of whatever Hank is involved in?
I had to ask again.
—No. She has nothing to do with any of it. Her brother might be another matter.
That was a relief, although I wouldn’t have expected anything else. I knew her to be a straight arrow. I also knew she wasn’t so sure about her brother.
We readied the fastboat for a rescue run and I contributed what I could by bringing in fenders. Steve piloted while Dell scoured the shoreline with the glasses, searching for the pontoon. A couple of false alarms and his arm moved up and down once more. Steve aimed the boat towards shore for the third time.
Whoever beached left the stern sticking far out into the river. The engine had been left to idle. Our boat couldn’t get in close. I jumped ship and waded through the shallows. I scrambled aboard. Muffled cries greeted me. Allie lay sprawled on the deck, hands and ankles bound.
I undid the gag and she couldn’t stop talking.
—Those sons of bitches. If I ever get my hands on them-
—Slow down. Are they still here?
—No. They met another boat. They left me tied up and pointed it towards shore. Whatever they had in bags-drugs or cash or both-disappeared with them.
So it was drugs, after all. I figured it to be as much in this part of the world. Out of the way, yet not entirely isolated, it was a perfect place for pretending to enjoy a little boating pastime while doing some smuggling.
—They know about you, Jim. They know you’re a cop. One of them recognized you as the one who sent him up.
So much for the anonymity I had hoped for.
—Too bad I can’t remember them all or I’d have seen it coming. I’ll check names on Hank’s roster. If I have any friends on the local PD it shouldn’t take long to get answers.
Allie paced back and forth, still angry with herself for getting fooled.
—I should have known, dammit. I should have known.
—Stop beating yourself up. There’s no way you could have.
She held that thought and it seemed to slow her down.
—Guys, I think there might be some Sol left in the cooler if the bastards didn’t steal that, too. It’s going to be a long haul to get this slow boat back to port.
She had me with the Sol. The guys didn’t say no either, even if company rules said they shouldn’t. Before we popped the tops we affixed a towline to the pontoon boat and tugged it free.
—Come on, landlubber. You’re riding with me on the pontoon. We have some talking to do if you’re going to be working here.
I looked at Dell and Steve. Their heads shook in unison with hang-dog looks. I knew from experience that there was more going on than I could fathom.
My new-found career as a wharf rat was turning out to differ vastly from the one I had known as a police detective.


Allie eased the pontoon against the dock exactly at midnight. We tied up under a curtain of bright, star-filled sky. Thanks to the sunshine, fresh air and the warm tropical breeze that replaced the chilly rain that fell earlier in the day, I could barely keep my eyes open.
The belly full of Sol didn’t help. All I wanted to do was head back to the no-tell motel and crash.
—You might as well collect your gear and move into my place. The cat is out of the bag by the look of it.
—Are you sure? My record with women hasn’t been all that great since you left town.
—I heard, and from what I remember, it wasn’t all that great before I left, either, landlubber.
I couldn’t deny it.
—You got me there.
—What did you do with Zelda?
—I put her in a kennel for safekeeping since I didn’t know what I’d be walking into.
Allie’s hands moved to her hips. She tapped a foot for emphasis.
—Do you treat all your women like that?
—Only the ones I love.
—We’ll just have to see about that.
We sat in silence at the very end of the pier, away from the lights. Exhausted, we dangled our feet in the water. It might not be magic, but it was a wonderful substitute after the day we just spent retrieving the beached pontoon.
Allie had only just rested her head on my shoulder when the sound of gunfire brought us to our senses. I caught a muzzle flash out of the corner of my eye and zeroed in on something I hoped wasn’t meant for us. The water around us began to splash and I knew that not to be the case.
—Shit. It’s tough wearing an ankle piece in shorts. My regular is tucked away in the car.
I grabbed Allie’s hand and pulled her off the wharf toward shore and cover. I shoved her behind a stack of pallets.
—Stay here and keep down.
The muzzle flashes were coming from farther down the swampy shoreline. In the inky blackness it was difficult to tell exactly where. We must have made for easy targets beneath the dock lights. I thought maybe the shooter was only trying to scare us.
If that was the case, it worked.
I sprinted toward the dark parking lot and popped the trunk. I grabbed my automatic and the two large-capacity mags and slammed it closed. I steered the car through the obstacle course to get to Allie. I tried swapping out the shorty magazine while I was driving, but that didn’t make the dodging any easier.
I reached Allie, jammed the gearshift into park and waited while she dove into the back seat. Another bright muzzle-flash let me locate the source of the gunfire. I dialed in full auto, stuck the muzzle out the window, and unleashed the thirty-three round mag in its general direction.
As it always had in the past, silence ensued.
Mission accomplished, even though I knew I wasn’t close to hitting anything that mattered.
—Let’s see if we can pick up Zelda. Then we can head over to your place.
—We’re already at my place.
—No, I mean where you live, woman.
—This is it, buster.
—In that case, Zelda will have to wait until tomorrow. What’s company policy on pets?
—You’ll have to deal with the owner on that one, but I’d say it’s looking to be pretty lenient as long as Zelda is the only other woman in your life.
—She’s the only one left alive from my recent past.
Even in the dark I could sense Allie’s hesitation making a decision she might later regret. Then she said it.
—For now, that will have to do.


The shower felt good washing away my sins after spending the better part of the day in the salt air. Good woman that she was, by the time everything went down the drain, Allie had sandwiches waiting.
I tried not to talk with my mouth full.
—So far, you’ve got two ex-employees who made a delivery of cash or drugs on one of your boats. With you on board. Any idea why you had to be there?
—I don’t think they were expecting me. I jumped on the pontoon at the last minute.
—Are you sure your brother isn’t involved in any of this? Is the business solvent?
—Yes, as far as I know. But now that you asked, I’ll do some basic accounting. I’ll be back in a bit. You’ll have to find the bedroom on your own for now.
The for now sounded promising.
My pleasure at the thought of for now ended abruptly when the dream I was having ended. Allie was sitting on the edge of the bed and she didn’t look happy. Perhaps it was her puzzled look.
—So, what’s the deal?
—I took a quick look. It appears as though Hank owes money.
—How much?
—He’s making good cash on the boat charters. He’s even making it on the dive charters.
—How much?
—I couldn’t tell for sure. It looks like it started about three weeks before I got here.
—How much?
—You’re just like a dog with a bone. It must be the ex-cop in you. About fifty thousand.
At last.
—That’s not so bad. If he’s making money, he should be able to change his payments with the bank.
—You’re right, he should be able to. One problem, though.
—Don’t tell me. He doesn’t owe any banks.
—Pretty much.
—If the money he’s making is good, why would he have borrowed the cash from people like that?
—I have no idea, Jim, but first thing tomorrow, I’ll be asking.
Sleep didn’t come easy, even under the air conditioning. Even with Allie’s cool body beside me. I kept trying to put it all together long after her even breathing told me she was fast asleep.
So far, there were two people who said they were feds, both on the company payroll. Maybe they weren’t feds. Maybe they were there to monitor Hank’s payback program. I wanted to ask Allie if she knew anything about Steve and Dell.
Instead, I let her sleep.
Two former employees had buggered off with a boat and a shitload of cash or drugs or both. I wanted to know more. I eased out of bed, dressed, and headed down to the pontoon boat for a closer look.
The batteries in the flashlight were dead by the time I finished the cursory search. That wasn’t a major problem, though. The sun coming over the horizon gave me more light than I needed to make a more thorough job of it.


3


ALLIE’S FRESH COFFEE roused me out of bed. I was hoping for something more substantial. I opened the fridge door. Pickings looked to be slim to none. Allie had a plan, though. She always did.
—There’s a little cafe down the road. I’ll treat you to breakfast for your troubles.
—Zelda and I are on the lookout for a cook. After the impromptu feast you did up last night, I figured man and dog were home-free. Now you tell us you’re not cooking.
—I need to get away from this place after what happened yesterday. We’ll pick up Zelda and groceries on the way back.
We ended up in a booth at an old-style diner covered by stainless steel on the outside and the 1950s on the inside. Like most diners, the staple was mostly good food and a waitress with an affinity for local gossip. The older woman who appeared to have worked there forever dished food out with abandon.
We killed time with small talk until the food arrived and we could converse without interruption.
—Tell me what you know about Dell and Steve.
—Not much. Hank says they’ve been around for a while. They know the business. They have a nautical background and they’re certified divers.
That’s all she got out before the explosion boomed and thundered, echoing inside the diner’s tin walls. I grabbed Allie’s hand and pulled her out the door and down the steps. The cloud of black smoke blossomed skyward from where we had been only minutes before.
—That doesn’t look good. Come on.
We ran all the way to arrive at the boathouse. The fire department was already turning into the marina and a passing fire boat was floating off the dock. Damage appeared to be limited to a locked storage area out of sight behind the main building. The bomb squad arrived shortly after.
So did Steve.
—Is the bomb squad your doing?
—It is. I thought they might find something I couldn’t.
—I tore through the pontoon boat last night.
I pulled out the map and unfolded it. Steve tapped his finger on several of the marks that were circled.
—I know some of these places. They’re out of the way. Most wouldn’t bother with them.
—Which makes them good for conducting business of one sort or another.
—I’d say so.
—Given what you’ve learned so far, would it be drugs or illegals?
Steve didn’t hesitate.
—Could be both.
Steve’s cover-your-ass logic didn’t impress me. Given how long both he and his partner Dell had been here and that was the best they could come up with? I could be wrong, but it was looking like they were on a club fed paid vaycay.
It was that, or they were deliberately holding out.
—How do you propose we find out?
The pissed-off look crossing Allie’s face said she’d had enough. I couldn’t blame her. The actions of her brother could end up costing her the family business on account of his drug dealings.
—You guys figure it out for yourselves. I’m going to pick up Zelda.
Like Steve and Dell, I had been no help either. In fact, so far, the only constructive thing I’d done was cut some duct tape off of Allie.
The last words I heard were, Who’s Zelda?


At one point, Hank, Allie’s brother, held all the marbles in the business. Now he owed 50K on it, and by the look and sound of the explosion, his payments had to be running late. If the bombing wasn’t a warning from those Hank owed money, it would be a feeble way to take down a building.
I put a hold on the human trafficking horse-manure and went with the drug scenario. The fifty might not be big enough to kill anyone over, at least not a business owner that had assets such as expensive boats that could be put to use. It would be enough to send a message by blowing up an outbuilding. And speaking of that, where the hell was Hank?
With Allie out of the way temporarily while she went to retrieve Zelda, it was time to put the pressure on Steve to pony up. I found him on the dock.
—You need to level with me.
He wasn’t happy to see me.
—Look, I know you have skin in the game, but I don’t have much to tell. Even if you are an ex-cop. Yeah, I know, I checked you out.
So he knew. I wondered how much he had already told the rest of Hank’s crew.
—Then you must have found out I don’t take kindly to fools. By the look of it, both you and Dell have been putting in quite a bit of time on this little project.
—You don’t know shit.
—I know your tan lines are dark, your hair is long, and the sunglasses make you both look like a couple of surfers from California that took a wrong turn and got lost. I’d say that line works pretty good on the weekend crowd of Miami girls.
—It takes time to work up an investigation of this magnitude.
—Maybe, but I’m here and learning fast. You start your weekends early on Friday to make the long road trip into Miami. You don’t get back until Monday. How am I doing so far?
—Well-
I’d made it plain I knew their game.
—Well, nothing. It’s looking like it’s one long vaycay for both of you. That makes for only a three-day work week to break up the monotony and collect the paycheck.
I had him, and Steve knew it. I laid on the finishing touch.
—I’ve got some connections in places you probably know. I think I’ll make a few phone calls to see what I can find out about what’s going on.
—All right, you win. Dial it back a notch, all right?
Steve as much as admitted they’d been screwing the pooch. Once Zelda got here, she’d have a hard time keeping both of them off of her. I hoped Zelda wouldn’t be catching their fleas. Or anyone else, as far as that goes.
—Are you saying that you’re not after Hank? Having his assets forfeited would be quite a catch on someone’s record.
—It’s not Hank we’re after. He’s just a small-time user who got lucky with too much credit. His supplier must have seen the scope of Hank’s business and thought he might be able to pick it up on the cheap. It’s the higher-ups that really interest us. We want to know where Hank’s supplier is getting it.
I flipped the recorder out of my pocket and made a show of letting the man see it. His ashen face about said everything.
—I’ll be holding you to that.


I figured Allie wouldn’t be in the best frame of mind by the time I climbed the stairs to her apartment. Still, she retrieved Zelda and get her fed. Both of them were curled up in a tight fit on the sofa. Zelda was having her ears scratched. It was a toss-up who had the biggest grin.
Okay, so maybe Allie’s mood wasn’t the worst. My smile was pretty big, too. I knew I’d have to dive right in while things were looking good.
—Your brother-
Allie nodded in the direction of the kitchen and sat up. Zelda knew enough to scurry off the sofa. She plopped down to face us and looked from me to Allie and back like she knew something we didn’t.
—I know all about it. Hank. Get in here.
Poor Hank shuffled into the room, head hanging and by the look of it, knees shaking. I was too glad that Allie’s anger wasn’t directed towards me, or I’d be in the same boat with the knees.
—Hank, this is Jim Nash. He’s here to help me. And by extension, you. Do you get it?
Hank looked to be a walking disaster. The sweaty, pale face was only surpassed by the sweat that soaked through his shirt. His hands shook and his face twitched. It wasn’t just that his sister was ragging on him. He looked to be coming down off a binge that must have lasted the past two days.
—You’re a weekend binger, aren’t you?
He looked at me like I was from another planet. He looked like he didn’t want to answer, either.
—Pretty much.
At last.
—Ever inject?
—No.
—How long have you been using?
—About six months, off and on.
—That 50k you owe, is that for yourself, or for parties?
Allie’s brother deflated and shrunk about a foot. His eyes looked anywhere but at me. I was pretty sure he wanted to crawl into a corner and die. Instead, he turned away from his sister and faced me.
—Parties, mostly. I could never use that by myself.
—Some could. You know the next line of that shit could kill you, right? Or the one after that, or the one after that.
—I never thought of it that way.
—Start.
It was plain to me Hank was hurting. It wouldn’t be long before he’d be crashing, and crashing hard. Suspicion and paranoia wouldn’t be far behind. What also wouldn’t be far behind was the desire for more coke to stuff up his nose to ease the symptoms, funded by ever more of the business.
Allie had heard enough.
—Hank, you need to get out of here and into rehab.
—I won’t go into rehab. We can’t afford it. I can do it on my own.
—No, you can’t. The problem is this: You owe money. They know where you live. They’ve already sent you a message with the shed business.
He started to pay attention. Eyes and ears pointed in my direction. Even Zelda looked up at me.
—What? What happened?
The man didn’t know.
—Yesterday someone sent you a message by blowing up a storage area.
Hank came back to earth. It was painful to watch. It was obvious he realized it could have been worse.
—Shit. I know I can do this if Allie is here to help me. I’m only a weekend user.
I’d heard that often enough. Mind you, I didn’t know him. I didn’t know what he was capable of. Plus, there was the whole bomb thing. It went from bad to worse.
Hank turned to his sister.
—Allie. Say something.
I knew when Hank said it that it was the wrong thing to say. Allie looked at me, and then at her brother and back at me. She got up off the sofa, pulled back her right and hit Hank with a pile-driver that I thought would knock him sober. In fact, it just might have. When the shock worked its way through, Hank climbed up off the floor and hugged his sister.
The tears were my cue.
—Come on, Zelda. It’s time to go for a walk.
My dog didn’t waste time making for the door. Neither did I.


The light offshore breeze eased the humidity out to sea and replaced it with cooler and drier air. It was bearable to be outside. Even Zelda appreciated it. I could tell by the way she wagged her tail.
Well, all right. I couldn’t tell. It just seemed like it.
The truck nonchalantly pulled out from the curb. Until the headlights pointed directly at us, I wasn’t sure. Zelda didn’t have any doubt. If it depended on me, we’d have been road kill.
The truck missed by the hair of my chinny-chin-chin and roared past. I was so happy to be here that it ever occurred to me to get the plate. When I came to my senses, it was too late.
—Come on, Zelda, I think we’d better double-time it home to momma before someone gets lucky.
I spoke too soon.
The second vehicle came out from a cross-street and bore down on us from behind. This time, the racing engine clued me in. I yanked Zelda behind a pole and together we watched the sideshow as the driver stuck his head out the window. Maybe he thought he was a dog out for a drive to bask in some fresh air.
He cranked fast on the wheel to keep the car headed in our direction. The engine revved. Tires squealed and lost traction. The car swerved, bumped against the curb, and flipped onto its roof.
This was getting too easy. The dust cleared and I tried forcing the door. It caught and scraped against the pavement and jammed. I gave up and reached in through the open window. I had to fish through two pockets before I came up with ID.
The third pocket wasn’t empty, either. My hand filled with an automatic. I checked the action and tucked the handgun into my belt.
—All right, Zelda, let’s carry on with our walk. I don’t think anyone will bother us for the rest of it. And if they do-
I patted the handgun. Zelda must have agreed, because she wagged her tail and nosed my hand. Either that, or she was looking for a treat for her well-done job of saving my ass yet again.
It occurred to me that Hank had gotten his head in just a little deeper than he was willing to admit. Launching two cars at someone was definitely overkill, especially if the first would have done its job. Either the bums were extremely incompetent, or it was a double warning.
For now, I’d be going with incompetent.
I couldn’t figure where the two feds fit into the scheme of things. I didn’t know where Dell and Steve were coming from. It seemed like they were out for themselves with a shortened schedule and weekend trips to Miami. I wondered if they’d be around when the chips were down, and if they were, how much good it would do.
So far, I had a kidnapping, a shooting, an explosion, and two cars attempting to run me over. None of it got me any closer to figuring out what the hell was going on.


First out of bed in my house meant cooking breakfast. Last out of bed had better make it. Fortunately for all of us, Zelda couldn’t cook, but I could. Allie would have to be happy with bed duty.
Yeah. No. I left out the part that said it wasn’t my house. I figured if I knew what was good for me, I’d act like I did. I didn’t get to turn on the stove. Allie came out of the bedroom dressed for work. When I checked, the bed wasn’t made either. I’d have to work on that, given the chance.
—What’s up?
—I just got a phone call. Someone wants to reserve a boat to take an offshore trip to meet up with a freighter.
—Is that normal?
—Not really.
—It doesn’t sound right, Allie.
—I know. But business is business. We need the money, Nash.
—Which boat?
—The cigarette.
The cigarette was a sleek, fast boat. A go-fast. Images of the old Miami Vice television show came to mind.
—Will you fuel and warm it up for me?
I headed downstairs in the pier's direction and the expensive cigarette moored at the end. Whoever hired it wanted speed. I filled the tank, checked the oil and started the fans. After a few minutes of warm-up, she’d be good to go in a hurry.
The dock gate slammed and Dell joined me. The gun in his hand wasn’t reassuring. He waved it in the direction of shore and I led the way up the stairs. At his car he popped the trunk and smacked me on the back of the head.
He pushed me forward and I dropped into it like a side of beef.


4


AT FIRST, I WASN’T SURE if it was my head buzzing or the sound of the cigarette at full throttle leaving the dock in its wake. I didn’t care, though, because the first thing I needed to do was find the trunk’s release handle in the dark.
I ignored my pounding head and flailed and kicked and felt around until I connected with it in the dark confines of the trunk. I yanked and the lid popped open. Modern cars. You can’t beat them.
Blinded by the light, I blinked and squinted until my eyesight went back to normal. I threw a leg over the back of the car and found solid ground.
Dizzy and disorientated from the gun-barrel to the head, I stumbled and fell back. I barely kept from falling. Whatever I was trying to do, it didn’t work. I couldn’t hold myself steady. On my way down, I made a grab for the dirt and planted my face firmly.
Steady as she goes, even if I was spread-eagled on the ground.
I pulled myself to my feet and stumbled in the general direction of my car. I fished for the keys and opened the trunk and managed not to dive in and face-plant. I fumbled for my automatic and the mags. The familiar firepower saved my ass too many times to count. The mere sound of it unloading was cause enough to force a shooter to turn tail and hide.
The second cigarette boat was still moored. It would be the only chance of catching up with Allie. I stumbled down the wooden dock and only went down on my knees once. I didn’t even pick up a sliver for my troubles.
I checked the fuel and started the fans to clear the engine compartment. Impatient as I was, the last thing I wanted was to blow the boat sky-high with me in it.
The prevailing wind held me hard against the dock. I didn’t have time to practice what I’d already been taught. Instead, I reversed and spun the wheel enough times to get pointed in the direction I needed to be going. As soon as I got clear of the dock, I firewalled the twin throttles on the sleek, powerful cigarette.
I cleared the breakwater at full speed, but the only thing on the horizon that I could see appeared ghostly, obscured by the salt-water haze from the foamy, wind-driven waves. I checked my aim and locked the wheel.
For a guy who didn’t know shit from Shinola about boating, I thought things were going swimmingly right up until the strong, on-shore wind forced the bow hard against the pounding waves. My head throbbed in unison, still aching from the rap on the back of the head.
The boat topped an enormous wave and I caught sight of what I was chasing. Already Allie’s cigarette was on its return run towards shore. I unlocked the wheel and cranked it hard. I thought for sure I’d be able to come around in a matching arc. What I hadn’t thought about was what I’d do when I caught up.
It was all going pretty well until it wasn’t.
The landlubber part of me had no understanding that being broadside to wind and wave at speed might create some questionable rock-and-roll where it wasn’t wanted. I grabbed on to everything I could. Being too stupid to panic probably saved me from going into the drink.
The cork I bobbed on didn’t settle down until I had her pointed downwind. She resumed a more regular up-and-down crashing through and then overtop of wave after wave. My ignorance had saved me yet again.
Each time the boats descended into the swells separating them, I lost sight of everything. Without a constant reference, I grew confused, angry, and lost every time. To add insult to injury, both engines stumbled and quit, leaving me at the mercy of the fierce wind driving the angry sea.
Adrift, the boiling sea and waves rolling higher and faster than an amusement park thrill-ride had me clinging to the boat like it was the last I’d ever see of solid ground. Except it wasn’t solid, and it wasn’t ground. Water poured in and sloshed, ankle-deep and rising. Wind driving the saltwater spray blanked my vision.
Blinded, on my knees, trying to hang on and not get thrown overboard by the constant shifting and uneven rocking of the boat became my primary goal. Rather than let panic take over, I ran through a check-list of my own making.
It was a short one. I needed to get an engine going. Still reeling, I lurched forward and punched a starter. When nothing happened I took a break and wrapped rope around my waist and tied off. If I was going to go down, it would be with the boat.
I tried the second engine.
Still nothing. I fumbled with the throttles and jammed one into neutral. I tried again and an engine caught and fired. I rammed the single throttle forward.
Secure in the knowledge that for now I wouldn’t be drowning within sight of land, I completely forgot about the second engine. The heavy boat lurched its way towards shore, underpowered and forced to plow through wave after wave.
The only thing I knew about boats, I learned watching movies and television. Something screamed bilge pump. I frantically searched the dash for a switch that I knew should be somewhere. I found two, and punched them up, and that reminded me I might have a second engine to try and get started.
I adjusted the throttle and repeated the start sequence for number two. It caught right away. With both engines and the bilge pumps doing their duty, the level of the water washing into the boat began slowly subsiding. Not long after it was back to ankle-deep.
For only a moment I was convinced that a sliver of sunlight escaped through the cloud and shone down on me. Either that, or I was delirious.
By now, I had no idea where I was. I couldn’t make out the shoreline. The boat I was in a hurry to catch had disappeared along with it.
I continued pointing the bow downwind and hoped for the best.


On the verge of surrendering and heading back to where I thought the marina should be, I topped a wave. Through the haze, a boat popped up in front of me. It looked to be stopped, but with the wind and the waves and the rocking and rolling roller-coaster ride I was taking, I couldn’t be sure. I had a suspicion that whatever I was looking at, it couldn't be good.
At first, I didn’t recognize the two shapeless blobs squatting in the middle of the ocean. I drew closer and thought I could make out a tiny sandspit barely above the water. It took a couple of minutes of speeding towards it to finally recognize those blobs for what they were.
Sharks, perhaps. Or porpoises. Or I don’t know what. In the blinding, wind-driven salt spray and thick haze, it didn’t occur to me they could be people. As far as I knew, people couldn’t walk on water.
Not even Allie.
Howling wind drove the waves crashing over the sandspit into a hellish, foaming maelstrom. Hope of beaching to retrieve two people digging into a spit of sand for dear life rapidly evaporated. So did my hope of rescuing them.
I had no time to stay scared of what I knew would be inevitable. I had no idea what would be necessary. I didn’t know how to handle a boat, not in screaming wind and crashing waves and rough sea. In that instant I knew we were all going to drown.
I steered past the spit and came around into wind to slowly move up parallel to the sandspit. I tossed out useless life jackets that got lost in the wind. I reduced power and allowed the boat to be blown back by the wind.
Cursing, I couldn’t understand why no one attempted to make a grab for the life jackets. It only made sense when I recognized that both were trying to hang on to nothing more than sand. It was that, or they would be washed away into the sea.
At least whoever forced them to walk the plank had been gracious enough not to tie them up. If they had, by now they’d be long past drowning in the maelstrom of water and foam crashing over the spit. Or washed away, never to be seen again.
Allie and Steve must have been in shock at seeing another boat stumbling along at just the right time. Unfortunately for them, it was piloted by someone who had no idea how to get them aboard and out of danger. If I was lucky, I’d get one try at rescue.
I tossed out the feeble anchor on the windward side of the spit. The landlubber in me had to figure a way to work the boat over to the downwind side and stay attached. If I could come up on the spit using the engines, maybe they could use the anchor rope to climb on board.
I took the chance.
Waves crashed over the bow, forcing water into every orifice. Salt stung my eyes and forced them into slits. I tried wiping with a hand, but it only made the salt sting worse.
I fought with the throttles. I struggled to keep the bow pointed into the wind. I reduced power. The wind pushed me backwards. I prayed the anchor rope would be long enough.
It had to be. I had nothing else.


I allowed the boat to drift downwind and experimented with the throttles to find an equilibrium against the wind and the sea crashing over the bow. Each time I worked my way close, wind gusts took over and I had to ease back and start over.
My incompetence coupled with the fear that I’d be letting two people drown forced me to keep trying. Again and again I had to abandon my setup to the wind and the waves. Suddenly and without warning, the wind abruptly changed direction. The boat slammed onto the spit and tipped onto its side.
Allie and Steve were exhausted by their efforts to cling to the disappearing sandspit. Steve used the last of his strength to push Allie over the rail. I made a grab for her and almost fell overboard but for the rope around my waist securing me to the boat. I regained my balance and helped pull Steve on board.
Steve handed over a knife and I sawed through the anchor rope. Just as suddenly, the boat righted itself and re-floated as the sea continued to crash over the sandspit.
My job now was to get us all back to shore. I firewalled the throttles and set course in a wide arc that would move us safely downwind and home.
I checked the lights above the bilge switches. If we got lucky, the pumps would keep doing their job until we made the breakwater.
Allie’s finger dug into my ribs. She motioned me to move aside. I was more than eager. I deserted the admiral of the fleet position in a hurry.


Allie took us inside the breakwater where the wind died and the sea calmed. Only minutes before we had been hostage to deadly forces over open water. The low, black cloud base remaining overhead was the only thing that remained to remind us.
Well, there was that, and my shaking knees.
Steve was first to recover his voice, and his strength.
—You’re a sight for sore eyes-and I mean that literally. I can’t wipe the salt out of them.
I spoke thorough chattering teeth.
—If I knew what I was doing, I wouldn’t have been out there in the first place.
Allie remained at the controls, steadying herself with the back of her legs jammed against the seat.
—You just made Captain, Jim. Unfortunately, thanks to recent budget cuts, there’s no pay to go along with it.
I held up shaking hands.
—I’m just happy to be here.
I got a lot happier when I thought I caught sight of the boat I’d been chasing moored at a dock.
—That looks like the cigarette boat they forced you to walk the plank on.
I gestured at what looked like a deserted warehouse jutting out over the water. The clean lines of the cigarette stuck out like a lighthouse beacon on a dark night.
Allie eased the throttles back to just above idle and allowed the boat to drift with the current past the dilapidated building.
—Slow this thing down. I have business to take care of.
I grabbed my automatic and two mags and eased my way across the bow.
—Set me on that green patch and this landlubber will forgive you for testing my abilities. I’ll see both of you back at the dock.
Steve gave me an Aye, Captain, and I was happy to jump ship onto a narrow patch of solid ground. It wasn’t so long ago I thought I’d never be seeing that again. I waded through thick salt grass and spongy, wet shoreline, lifting my feet and planting them carefully.
The building wasn’t much to look at. Single-story. About a hundred long by fifty wide. Big enough to hold whatever was going on. No doubt it had been chosen for its isolation and beat-up, broken-down unused look.
Blaring music filtering out from inside killed my chances of listening in on any conversation. Bright light shone through a window. Whatever it was, it needed a lot of light.
I bellied my way towards the only window I could see. I figured I’d be up to my ass in alligators in a matter of seconds.


The look inside told me this one-man assault was going to need more planning. I crouched down and crawled my way around all three landward sides of the building. The only way in and out was through the original entrance overlooking the water. The rear was closed up tight. Opposing windows on two sides gave clear views into the building.
I took another quick glance inside and I knew this place was more than I could handle. I crawled off into the bush on my belly and hoped I wouldn’t get an opportunity to wrestle with a gator on the lookout for a fresh, warm meal.
I reached into a pocket and pulled out my waterlogged phone. I chanced it and called Allie’s phone. Miraculously, the call went through and she handed the phone off to Steve.
There wasn’t much to explain. The cigarette was still moored. I didn’t know what I was looking at through the window. A bunch of machinery, and people. It definitely wasn’t a meth lab.
I listened to Steve’s advice and didn’t argue. I took it.
I swatted at mosquitoes. Daydreamed about the vacation I didn’t get to share with Zelda. Tried not to doze off. No way did I want to become fresh food for the alligators I knew had to be loitering. Every sound had me on edge and wondering if they could smell. I told myself they couldn’t.
I wasn’t stupid enough to believe it.
It seemed like about a week later before a swat team in three boats finally idled its way towards the building. I stayed concealed by the tall grass. The men scrambled off the boats and ran down the dock towards the broken-down building. They surrounded it with practiced ease.
On signal, flash-bangs and tear gas cartridges shattered windows and exploded. I counted at least a dozen people double-timing their way out, arms held high hoping lead wouldn’t fly in their direction.
When I figured the operation was over, I stashed my illegal mags under a mango and strolled onto the dock. Following a patdown, Steve was more than happy to let me in on the secrets discovered during the search.
He led me on a walk-through, and I couldn’t count the lathes and boxes of parts for the made-to-order weaponry. Illegal arms were being received, modified to order, and shipped throughout Central America and Mexico. Drug cartels paid good money for that stuff.
It was going to be a feather in Steve’s cap to be a party to the discovery. I figured it wouldn’t hurt to be the one who brought him in on it.


Allie’s grin pretty much said it all by the time I arrived back at the wharf. I was unscathed but for the seawater I’d soaked up and the alligators I thought I’d heard wanting to eat me. She almost put us both in the drink in her enthusiasm to welcome me. As for Zelda, well, there was no holding her back, either.
Allie had good news about her brother, too.
—Hank has agreed to go into rehab. He’s leaving tomorrow.
—That’s a good thing.
—Just to be sure, he booked two sessions. Back-to-back.
—Smart man. So then, that means you’re in charge, does it?
—Yes, I am. Want to make something of it?
—No. I was wondering, though-
—Then wonder no more. I need a dependable man to run herd on the crowd of misfits I suddenly find myself responsible for.
—I know absolutely nothing about boats or dive shops. Or tiki bars, for that matter. 
—That makes you perfect for the job, James. I can train you.
—In that case, I have a few ideas-
—Stow it, landlubber. There’ll be plenty of time for that down the road.
—That’s what I’m afraid of.
Zelda chose exactly that moment to bark. If she agreed, how could I say no?


Thrill Kill Jill
IT WASN’T THAT LATE by the time our happy threesome got it together and hit the road. As usual, Zelda was first off the mark. Allie and I took a little longer. That was no surprise. We didn’t wolf down our food. We didn’t eat and drink from side-by-side bowls on the floor, either.
We figured on a stop every two or three hours to give Zelda a break from the back seat. A little water and exercise would keep her spirits up. A little water and exercise would most likely keep up the spirits of the humans in the car, too.
It wasn’t so hot that we couldn't enjoy a bit of fresh air with the windows down. Zelda would occasionally stick her head out the window into the slipstream. Her gums flapped. Her ears flapped and wriggled uncontrollably. When she had enough, she’d withdraw onto the back seat, shaking her head and snuffing and wuffing to shift everything back into place.
I ignored a busy truck stop on the opposite side of the highway populated by belching diesels and too many cars for the restaurant to handle in a timely manner. Instead, I pulled into our third no service stop of the day. I idled past a couple of cars and a tractor minus its trailer. That was it for company at the lonely, isolated rest stop.
I took my turn with Zelda. Allie took hers in the restroom. While we waited, I grabbed the Frisbee and made sure Zelda got her exercise by fetching on the grassy expanse that surrounded the squat cement block building.
Dog and man were huffing and puffing by the time the sun took up a position low on the horizon. We took our time reuniting with our car following a suitable amount of head-scratching and patting. That was when I noticed Allie hadn’t returned. Strange, I thought. She should have joined us with our Frisbee-tossing.
I checked my watch to be sure of the time. Forty-five minutes since we pulled in.
I opened the door and loaded Zelda and then proceeded to wander around the building. I knocked on restroom doors and called out Allie’s name.
No answer. Nothing.
I followed up by easing open the doors on each of the stalls and looking, conscious that I might disturb a female stranger into screaming. There weren’t any.
The same in the men’s, and in the wheelchair access, too.
Well, now. This was strange. We had barely started out and already Allie went and skipped on me. I circled the building and walked over to investigate the area surrounding the picnic tables.
No clues there, either.
I returned to our car and let Zelda out to do her thing. I was hoping she’d be able to come up with a lot more. I followed after her as she snuffled her way towards the women’s. From there she circled around the back of the building and padded her way toward the empty parking lot. I wasted no time traipsing after her.
Zelda high-tailed it for the elongated parking lanes where the semis usually stopped in the middle of it all. She halted, sat on her haunches, and looked up at me. Perhaps she expected that I knew something she didn’t.
—Sorry, Zelda, but your guess is as good as mine.
By now, I was convinced that Allie wasn’t anywhere in the rest area. That Zelda came up short in the parking lot pretty much told me that.
How did she leave? Where did she go? How did she get there?
And even more important, why?
As a last resort, I called Allie’s cell. A faint ringing led me to the low bushes behind the building. I hung up and the ringing stopped.
So much for Zelda’s nose.
Someone obviously tossed the phone. I hoped it was Allie. If it wasn’t, whoever tossed it would certainly have turned it off.
Beyond that, there was no sign Allie had ever been here with us.
Now I had something to worry about.
I opened the door for Zelda and we burned rubber crossing the median, doubling back to the ignored truck stop as fast as we could.


Somewhere between the rest stop and the truck stop gas-and-go my phone stopped working. That cinched it for me. If I was going to call a cop, I needed a pay phone. The odds of finding one these days was slim to none.
Zelda condescended to let me go inside alone while she busied herself patrolling the lot. She began a slow, four-footed crawl up and down the lines of semis idling in the lot. With nose to the ground, she snuffed and huffed her way up one end and down another in a quest to catch Allie’s scent.
She stopped and sat down at one that looked vaguely familiar. Her antics caught my attention. I quit the pay phone mid-dial. By the time I hustled outside, an overweight man had climbed down from the cab. He didn’t appear happy that my dog was keeping an eye on him.
He waved a hand at Zelda in an attempt to get her to leave. When that didn’t work, he yelled. Unperturbed, Zelda sat on her haunches just out of reach. She looked back at me. The man chose that moment to send a foot flying.
I yelled and picked up the pace. Zelda dodged the heavy boot successfully and got down on her haunches. Her muscles tensed, readying for more. She bared her teeth and began to growl. I arrived before she launched her own attack.
—Down, Zelda.
I gave her a Good girl for obeying.
—If that’s your dog you should get her out of here. She’s liable to get run over.
Zelda put nose to ground and sniffed her way to the semi’s passenger door. She jumped to put her forefeet on the first step. Her ears perked up and she began barking.
I didn’t want her to get a beating, and I didn’t want to hand one out. I called to her and she followed me into the building. I finished dialing 911 without further interruptions.
The desk officer wasn’t a lot of help, but then I didn’t really expect much. I already knew that most police departments didn’t get concerned with missing persons before forty-eight or seventy-two hours.
Unless there was reason to suspect foul play, that is.
I let the officer know I’d be hanging around the restaurant in the gas bar if anyone wanted to get in touch. I left it at that and hung up. For my peace of mind, and being the ex-cop that I am, I ran through what I knew up to now.
It wasn’t much, but I hauled out a notebook and started writing. Old habits died hard.
Allie hadn’t gone missing intentionally. Sure, she was under a lot of pressure and stress with the family business on the edge of bankruptcy. On the plus side, her brother, Hank, was out of rehab and doing great living on his own. He had managed to pay back his drug loan. He was free of the bad guys. He even managed to keep his nose clean in the process.
Believe me, I knew that to be true. I kept both eyes on him every chance I got.
Confirmed landlubber that I was, I fumbled more than I cared to admit, but I tried helping where I could. Hank and Allie were patient. They allowed me to screw up when it wouldn’t cost them hard-earned money. They knew I learned from my mistakes, and cut me a lot of slack because of that.
My only regret was not advancing up the Cub Scout ladder when I was a kid. I might have spent more time learning to tie knots. The marine environment I found myself in demanded it.


Truck stops were notorious for the hookers who worked the rows of huge trucks. Lot lizards, they were known as. They patrolled up and down the rows of idling vehicles. When summoned, or when they spotted a regular, they made their presence known. They clip-clopped up and down, back and forth, in flip-flops or sandals, shorts or dresses, stopping to knock on doors, where they were welcomed or refused.
Thanks to cell phones, it made it easy to service drivers on a regular basis.
Sometimes the trucks would stop because they knew a regular that worked the lot and they wanted to see her. Many of the women had a routine and a route and traveled back and forth between their favorite lots. They caught rides from friendly truck-driving customers they thought trustworthy.
Thus it was I recognized the woman getting out of a car parked on the shady side of the building. I had some dealings with her more than a few years back when I worked vice in the big city.
Jill had turned out to be one of the smart ones. Like Jerry, who did custom woodwork and worked at the Blue Parrot to take up the slack, Jill made up her mind to get off the streets before a john or the drugs or both killed her.
For a split second I thought maybe she was back to her old ways. Then I remembered she had gotten tied up with a religious outfit that worked with the girls to get them off the street-or the lot. She’d be doing a lot of walking in a place like this.
I waved and got ignored for my trouble. To Jill I was probably just another john looking to do the dirty. I waved again and called out. She recognized me, finally, and waved back. She waited and I made my way to her.
—Looking good, girl. All the walking you’re doing is keeping you in shape.
—Well I’ll be damned. The people you meet in a place like this. What are you doing all this way out of your jurisdiction, copper?
—I’m not a cop any more.
I held up a hand.
—Don’t ask. It’s a long story for when you have more time. How’s business?
—One thing’s for certain, it never slows down. If anything, the recession has made hooking an even more popular way to make ends meet. There are lot more women than ever to save from themselves and their pimps.
—I hear that all right.
—So, what are you doing here, Nash?
—I lost one of my women at the rest stop on the other side of the interstate. One minute she was there, the next she wasn’t with nary a whisper to alert us.
—Us?
—As in me. And Zelda over there.
I gestured to the dog. The jealous type that she was, Zelda was already on the run in my direction. I had a feeling she didn’t want another woman coming between us so fast since the last one had departed in such a hurry.
—This rest stop has been the scene of more than one disappearance. Usually, it’s one of the working girls. It’s not normal for a straight woman to find herself lost here.
Sirens wailed in the distance, getting louder. Minutes later, three squad cars squealed into the parking lot. I hoped the show was for information about Allie. When more than one nosed up to me, I had more than a sneaking suspicion I was in for it when Jill moved off.
Maybe my dog was a giveaway. Then I remembered I hadn’t mentioned anything about a dog during my 911 call. Why would I? So then, why was it that I was the subject of the drawn weapons in nervous hands pointing vaguely in my direction? One was even aimed at Zelda.
—Jim, I know they’re not after me. I think you better surrender before hell breaks loose. I’ll come by the station and check on you later, all right?
—I can’t say no to an offer like that. Thanks, I’d appreciate it.
—I owe you one. I’ll keep an ear peeled. What’s her name?
—Allie. Brown and brown. Five-feet-nine. Shorts and a white shirt. Sandals.
I mumbled the last while forced to bend over the front end of a police cruiser. I was familiar with the position. During my time as a big-city cop, I had manhandled more than a few felons into the same one.


The dust and the confusion settled and I found myself with hands cuffed behind my back. I never heard my rights. I didn’t hear why I was under arrest, either, until confronted by a fat, pink-faced cop in a sweat-stained shirt. He didn’t appear overly eager to answer my questions. Instead, he talked over me and dived in.
—You’re under arrest for the murder of Allie Sands, the woman you claim you’re looking for.
Sitting in the back of the cruiser gave me a whole new perspective on the lot lizards traipsing from truck to truck across the hot cement. It was obvious that the women had no fear of the cops in this township. Not a one cast so much as a glance in the direction of the flashing lights and sirens announcing their arrival to surround me.
It wasn’t my first day on the inside of a cop car. I’d seen them from the front and the back. I knew the ropes. The tricks of the trade. How to get a suspect to admit something, even something inconsequential. It would be twisted and turned against the suspect during an interrogation.
So I kept my mouth clamped firmly shut on the drive to the station. I had questions, but the back of a black and white wasn’t the place or the time. A squad room detective was more my style, since I’d been one not so long ago.
Then it occurred to me during the drive through the small, one-horse town. Being a squad room detective in this place wouldn’t be much to brag about.
The interrogation room was typical. One-way glass,. A table and two chairs. A camera in a corner. The room on the small side. More than likely the boys never got much of a reason to need something bigger. I figured the charges drummed up against me would be the biggest thing they had in years.
There would be plenty of back-slapping and high fives to go around.
Drummed up had to be the right guess, too. Why else would I be under arrest? I definitely hadn’t murdered anyone. There was no body that I knew of. Hell, there wasn’t even a sign that Allie was missing, other than my word for it and her discarded phone.
I even made a bet with myself. I wagered that whoever was behind this was dumb, stupid and had calloused knuckles that dragged. That, or the D.A. was up for re-election. For now, I’d be going with all of them. Stupid is as stupid does. I couldn’t remember where I heard that.
They sent in a kid fresh out of police college-if they even had one within a thousand miles. His armpits were already soaked by the time he opened the door to announce his arrival. My best guess involved someone standing behind the glass who wanted to evaluate exactly what it was he could find out before it was the watcher’s turn to dive in.
I put it to the kid right away. Before he had a chance to sit down, I asked for water. Stupid left his files behind. I used the opportunity to flip through the pages in a hurry to see what he had.
Nothing.
The outfit was on a fishing expedition. And I had just fished my way into pissing off whoever was hiding behind the glass. Next try I figured they’d be throwing a hooker at me to see what splashed.
The kid they threw to the wolf never came back. Instead, I was blessed with one a little higher up the food chain. I could tell by his cheap suit.
—You forgot my water.
—You’re not getting any. You’re also not getting out of here unless I say so.
If that was their best hardball game, I figured it wouldn’t be long before I hit a couple of homers. I didn’t give the man a chance to ask a question. Instead, I took the opportunity to turn the interview upside-down, rapid-fire style.
—What’s the charge?
—Murder.
Of course it was. What else could it be? I hadn’t done any jay-walking across the four-lane.
—Who did I murder?
Should have been no-trainer.
—Your girlfriend, Allie Sands.
Of course. How cold-blooded of me.
—How did I kill her?
A murder method is always nice to have.
—We don’t know yet.
That was a surprise.
—Why did I kill her?
I was just wondering.
—We don’t know.
—Who identified the body?
—We don’t have a-
He halted.
No body. So much for a murder charge.
—All right, then. This interview is over. I was so far ahead that I couldn’t resist.
—Any more questions?
A rap on the door interrupted the flustered silence in the tiny room. The woman who walked in was almost taller than the door.
She wasn’t hard to look at, either.


Jill must have done her damnedest to get a lawyer to me before I ended up getting shipped off to the gulag. The lawyer appeared with a writ, and after much hand-wringing and more than a few loud words exchanged with my hillbilly jailers, I ended up a free man.
The lawyer must have had a good four inches on me, and I noticed it right away. It was all in her legs as I followed her down the hall. Her ass wasn't anything to sneeze at, either. Just to be sure, I let her take the lead, and I walked more than a few steps behind for a better look.
—Are you done yet?
She was no dummy, either. I smiled and allowed myself to catch up. I couldn’t hide the grin. She didn’t seem to mind.
—We’re not talking in here. There’s a table outside.
—What’s your name?
—Barbara. I already know who you are. I sometimes do pro bono for Jill and her group. She called me the minute you left the lot. I searched you out on the net, so I know all about your troubles back home.
—You’re fast. I like that.
—One more thing. I’m a dog-lover, too. Jill can’t have a dog in her apartment. I volunteered to take Zelda home with me. She’ll be happy spending her idle days in my back yard.
—Great. Now all I need is a place to stay until I can locate my girlfriend.
—That’s a job for the police.
—I think we both already know how that’s going to go.
She regarded me with a cool look.
—I like your attitude. I have plenty of room. You can stay with me. You won’t even know I’m there.
—You know, I could be one of those serial killers or a rapist or just plain hateful towards women.
—Yeah. And judging by how fast you go through them, I’d say you might be all three.
It was my turn to give her a second look.
—You really did scour the net on my behalf, didn’t you?
—That’s part of my job, Detective Nash.
—Retired. And prone to getting adopted by strangers, apparently.
—I don’t do that for just anyone, in case you might think otherwise.
Barbara filled me in on the drive to her place. She didn’t tell me anything I didn’t already know. No body, no crime. Don’t disappear. Carry on looking for Allie as best you can. Don’t kill anyone if you find out where she is.
—I’ll need a gun and a car.
—Yes, I saw what they pulled out of your car. It’s illegal. They’ll be bringing that up next. And no, I can’t help you by putting a gun in your hands.
—Which bar do I need?
—The Blue Lantern.
—I never heard that.
—And I didn’t say it.
My kind of girl. She had a car for me, too.
—The keys are hanging by the door. Zelda is in the back yard. I left food and water for her. You’ll get yours later whenever that is.
I didn’t have time to waste. First stop, the bar. I ordered a beer, flipped a twenty toward the lazy bartender, and convinced him I wasn’t looking for change. He held out his hand and I added ten to the deal. It lubed him enough and I sat back to listen as he answered my questions.
It was mostly rumor, but then what else would there be in a small-town bar? I grew up in a small town and couldn’t wait to get the hell out. Small towns lived on rumor and innuendo. The internet age made it worse.
When I left the bar, I had what I needed. I knew a little more about the truck stop, too. What I wasn’t sure about was Barbara’s motive for being so generous to a complete stranger.
I made my way to Barbara’s and walked around back. She was doing laps in the backyard pool attached to the enormous house. Not bad for a small-town lawyer. She saw me and waved. The practiced way she climbed out of the pool said she’d done it before.
I didn’t mind. She could practice all she wanted. I used the opportunity to take a good look. I decided on the spot that her legs never ended.
She knew I was looking, because she bent from the waist to retrieve the towel she dropped on purpose.
—Steaks are in the fridge.
She gestured in the direction of the barbecue.
—You’ll be our chef tonight.
I managed to scrounge up two steaks. Apparently, I’d be the only guest, too.


I was well-fed and watered and relaxed after the long day. So was Zelda judging by the satisfied sighs she let out as I scratched her ears. The sun was getting lower over the horizon. I opened my eyes and squinted against it until a shadow interrupted. Barbara stood over me.
Whatever her dress was made out of, it wasn’t as thick as perhaps it should have been. That was probably for my benefit, because when she stood like that, I could see right through it.
—You’re not wearing anything under that dress, are you?
I didn’t need to ask. It was plain as day.
—Why don’t you investigate further, Detective Nash.
—Retired.
—Yes.
I was right. All she had on underneath was a short, dark runway that led to-well, you get the idea.


I left Barbara breathing softly and hurried to get dressed as quietly as I could. I needed to do some night work, and this time, she wasn’t part of the work I needed to do. I tucked her in, checked on Zelda, who seemed just as happy to see me, and tucked her in, too. I was down a woman, but I still had two.
It occurred to me that there was something not right about thinking that way.
I made my way to the truck stop in the borrowed car. The first thing I did was pick up a burn phone. I checked Jill’s card and punched in the numbers. A phone rang in the restaurant. I looked up and Jill waved me over to a four-top.
—You’re out, I see. Any trouble?
Yeah. My girlfriend was missing and the local PD didn’t seem to care.
—You did good, Jill. I owe you, big time.
—In that case, I’ll save it for when I really need you. How did you get along with Barbara?
Where should I start? I didn’t want to bullshit Jill. She was too down-to-earth for that, anyway. There was no sense lying. Why would I?
—We’re getting along better than any other lawyer I ever knew. She’s tough on the outside edges and more than a little soft on the inside.
—And she has you at her place.
My beet-red face gave the rest away. She pretended not to notice.
—What do you need, Nash?
I needed to know everything about this place and the rest stop down the road. I needed to know where Allie had been taken. I needed to know if she was still alive. I needed to know who had taken her. I needed to know everything I didn’t know.
I didn’t think Jill had any answers, but she was as good a place to start as any.
—After we’re done, you should probably check with Barbara about the business end of this place. She’ll be able to find out who owns it.
—I’ll do that. Now tell me what you know about what goes on here. I can promise you that anything you say will never be repeated to another soul.
It got to be pretty late by the time Jill finished her tale of woe. It wasn’t a pretty tale, either. Some things she told me about serial killer truckers made my gut churn, and this for a full-time cop. Retired.
If Allie had come up against a serial killer, she was already dead, gone, and parted out. All by the time I’d been surrounded in the parking lot and accused of being her killer.
With that on my mind, I made my way back to the more than accommodating bed-and-breakfast of my lawyer.


Barbara picked up with that sleepy, throaty sound a woman makes in the middle of the night when she knows who’s on the other end. I ignored it. When I asked what she knew about the truck stop, she became defensive. She fumbled her answers in between too many pauses.
I’ll tell you more when you get here, became her answer of the day. She must have repeated it three or four times, at least.
I knew right away she didn’t want to talk when I walked through the door. She greeted me too fast and too furious. She had to be watching for me. Considering what she was wearing, I wondered how much time she’d spent picking out the perfect outfit to let me know what she didn’t have on underneath.
I rummaged through the fridge for something to eat and she propped herself up on the island. When I turned around, those fine, long legs were right in front of me. I couldn’t not look, and she won.
I began to wonder if I’d be getting a bill I couldn’t afford to pay.
—How did your visit with Jill go at the truck stop?
She already knew she was winning, because I couldn’t tear my eyes away to answer the question. New stuff always did that to me.
—All right, I guess.
That was an understatement. By the time I had reviewed the papers Jill passed on to me at the truck stop, even she had been taken by surprise. Buried in them and the numbered company documents was a single page with Barbara’s name on it. It listed her as a majority owner of the truck stop.
She wasn’t the only owner, though.
I wasn’t sure if I should let on that I knew.
I started to feel more than a little guilty about bedding this woman. She was attractive, and she knew it. She knew how to get under my skin, too. Up to now, I’d had a hard time keeping my hands off when she launched herself at me. I was determined to change that.
Zelda must have heard I was home. She came charging into the room and leaped up to lick my face. Trust a faithful dog to know when to barge in on a situation.
It was my turn to start asking questions, like the ex-cop that I was. With her being a lawyer and all, I figured I’d start out looking like a simpleton. If she bought into it, I’d be home free to dig a little deeper, just to help out.
—How long have you owned the truck stop?
Barbara pushed herself down off the counter. I had her.
—Jill did quite the job, I’m sure.
—Answer the question, Barbara.
She tried to string me along with a lot of mumbo-jumbo about being poor and fighting this and that and everything in the world to get where she was.
I held up a hand to stop her and dug the hole a little deeper.
—You’re only a part owner. The police chief is a partner.
That got another surprised look. And then it turned to ice. I didn’t give her a chance.
—So is the judge. And the mayor.
Barbara would have collapsed on the floor if I hadn’t caught her halfway down. Typical man that I was, I couldn’t tell if she was for real or faking it. I went with faking it until I knew more. Maybe that wasn’t all she had faked.
I carried Barbara into the living room and laid her out on the sofa. When the dress slipped and the legs under it parted just so, I had my answer. I waited for her to pretend to come out of it.
It wouldn’t take long after I hid those legs and what they led up to under a blanket.
Just the same, I kept looking.


It was turning into a long night. I took another look at Barbara, covered as she was by the blanket I’d thrown over her to save my soul. I couldn’t allow myself to be distracted by what I knew was beneath it. I left her on the sofa and made my way to the kitchen to put on the coffee. When she stopped pretending and came around I could begin to dig for more information.
By the time I showed up with two cups, she was sitting up and composed. She covered up her discomfort and I knew the dynamic between us had changed. I hoped it was enough to put me on the winning side.
—It’s time you told me how you fit in with the rest of the crowd that owns the truck stop.
I didn’t know what she was thinking, but I could almost hear the wheels turning. Shifting eyes said something was up. She’d gone from the confident lawyer to the person in the witness box. It occurred to me she was running through a checklist in an attempt to end up with a result that she knew I’d be capable of accepting.
When her lips moved, I expected nothing but lies to spew forth. After all, she was a lawyer.
She began with a dog-and-pony story about growing up as an only child in a poor neighborhood. How her parents struggled to get a good education for her and send her off to a good school. How she worked in a strip club to pay for her books.
That’s where she met the police chief.
My ears perked up, kind of like Zelda’s did when she suspected the good stuff would be coming any second.
—The police chief?
—He told me he’d take me out of the dump I was performing in. I believed him.
The sob story only got worse from there. She went on and on about moving into the cheap apartment. The others already there she suspected were told the same lies. She went along with it. She had no proof. Eventually, men showed up at the door and convinced her she should hang out a for sale sign or suffer the consequences.
Barbara chose not to have consequences.
She did as she was told, and struggled to keep up her grades. When she graduated, she found out her name had been put on the title to the truck stop through a numbered company. And that’s when the judge moved in on the police chief’s former property.
I listened, but I had a hard time believing most of it. I heard more than my share of sob stories in my career as a cop. This one was going south sooner than a lot of others I had been privy to. I didn’t let on.
—What about the lot lizards? Do they ever get arrested?
—I haven’t represented any for quite a while.
—You’re saying that the chief and the judge are in cahoots and running a prostitution ring?
Barbara didn’t-or wouldn’t-answer. Maybe she couldn’t.
I cut her some slack to reconsider and left to refill my cup. When I returned, she had uncovered her legs. Her nightgown was riding high towards the edge of what I knew to be disaster. The one-way-only sign began at her ankles and pointed straight up.
I allowed myself to take a good look, but weakling that I was, this time I knew better. I went upstairs and hit the sack. Zelda was right behind me. She plopped down at the door, probably more than half-expecting that I’d be trying to make my way back downstairs before long.
I didn’t bother to undress. I slept on top of the sheets.


For some reason, Zelda seemed to think it was important that I wake up. She wanted me out of the bed I was sleeping on, too. My wrist was in her mouth and she was tugging at me.
I found out why after I reluctantly opened one eye.
The glow that I thought was a light I left on turned out to be nothing of the sort. Broken glass cut into my bare feet as I tried to make it to the door. I ignored the pain and twisted the handle. The door wouldn’t budge in either direction. Someone must have jammed the bedroom door from the outside.
I grabbed the bedspread to swipe away at the drapes in a feeble attempt to gain some semblance of control over the fire. When I smelled the gasoline, I knew that control wouldn’t last. I got smart and gave up.
I tossed a chair through the window and climbed out. I ended up on roof of the garage. I reached in and grabbed a reluctant Zelda by the collar. I dragged her out behind me. The rest of the gasoline ignited and ended any hope for the rest of the house.
During a fire, people affected always think it takes longer for the fire department to arrive than it actually does. In this case, it took forever. The entire house became engulfed in flames by the time the single truck showed up.
The police never bothered.
Neither did Barbara.
Out front I loaded Zelda into the car Barbara loaned me and we took off for parts unknown-in other words, the nearest motel. I checked us in and did some thinking. I made a phone call, too.
I let Jill know about the fire. She didn’t sound surprised. In fact, she sounded downright happy when I told her Barbara was missing. My guess was that since Barbara’s truck stop had been party central for truckers and hookers, Jill was happy to see her gone.
That wasn’t surprising, given their backgrounds.
With Barbara missing in the fire, I had a strong suspicion that I’d be held responsible for that, too. I flushed Zelda out of the hotel room and into the back of the car. We headed off to the truck stop to see what we could see.


The minute I pulled into the parking lot and opened my door, Zelda bounded out like a rescue dog on a mission. She headed towards the lines of trucks on the lot. Halfway through her patrol, she stopped, turned to look at me, and barked.
I didn't need to be told twice. I sprinted for the familiar-looking tractor hooked up to a shiny, humming aluminum reefer and got there in time to witness Jill as she jumped down from the cab.
This was getting weird.
I sidestepped into the space between two of the trucks and waited.
The rabbit-hole was getting wider and deeper the more I learned. What was Jill doing in the truck that drew Zelda’s attention? If I wasn’t mistaken, this was the same tractor I’d seen parked at the rest stop when Allie went missing. All I needed to confirm it was to see yesterday’s operator get out and try to put a boot to Zelda.
I took a better look at the trailer attached to the truck. An enclosed awning linked the back of the cab to the trailer, kind of like an accordion connector on a double streetcar. By the look of it, the only access was through the cab, and probably the trailer doors at the other end.
I went in search of bolt cutters.
Zelda refused to come with me. She stayed by the tractor and anxiously paced back and forth from the passenger door to the driver’s side. She was definitely on to something. I needed to find out what.
A quick trip to the tuck shop and a bolt cutter and I happily snapped the locks securing doors at the rear of the trailer. I raised a handle and swung a door wide. Cardboard boxes stacked to the roof prevented me from getting a better look inside. I cut into one. And then another, just to be sure. All empty. All for show.
Zelda’s constant barking stopped abruptly.


I came to with a ringing head and a bump that had to be as big as an egg. I was in an almost-dark room with a lump on my head, a nasty headache and the sound of vague humming in the background. The dim lights in the room didn’t reveal a lot.
Then I caught sight of two silver tables glinting under rows of surgical instruments. That grabbed my attention right off. Either I was in the middle of an alien autopsy, or the lights in the operating room were set low to conserve energy.
The woman on the second table took exception. She wanted to know what had taken me so long.
—Allie. What the hell are you doing in the hospital?
—Take a look around, genius. Does this look like a hospital to you?
I had to agree that something wasn’t right. I tried to raise an arm. I couldn’t. I tried with a leg, and another arm, and another leg. Nothing.
—You’re right. I’m tied down.
—Welcome to the club. I don’t feel so special any more.
Something told me we were both in the shit now.


The cop in me wanted to clear the air by asking questions, machine-gun style. In Allie’s case, I knew better. I waited for her to begin on her own. The chains restraining her rattled against the metal table as her uncontrollable shaking began.
—The guy who loaded me into the truck at the rest stop is called Ron. The woman helping him is Jill. When I walked out of the restroom at the truck stop, she stopped me to ask if it was clean. Before I could answer, a man grabbed me from behind. The woman taped my wrists and ankles. He threw me over his shoulder and loaded me into the truck.
She caught her breath.
—I couldn’t call out. I didn’t see you or Zelda. I don’t know where you were.
—We were there. We moved onto the grass to toss a Frisbee. I never noticed a thing. Neither did Zelda.
Her restraints quieted their rattling as she got deeper into her story.
—He’s completely nuts. He thinks he’s a scout or something. He’s got the shirt with the badges, and he wears the shorts. He’s even got the necktie handkerchief hanging up inside the cab.
The faint sound of a bell began to ring. The sense of it wasn’t quite making its way through the bump on the back of my head and the pain that went along with it.
Yet.
Allie went on.
—As soon as I saw the setup in his truck, I knew I wasn’t the first to be treated to this place. I lost track of time in the dark. Other than his accomplice coming in to check on me, I have no idea what’s going on.
—This is the second day since you disappeared.
I don’t think it registered.
—It seems like this guy Ron has had some sort of a plan for the two of us for a while. I have the impression he knows you from somewhere. Maybe a past arrest. I think he took me to get to you.
—This woman, Jill, is she short and blonde?
—That’s her. She can’t stop talking about all the good she’s doing for the hookers working the truck stop.
That cinched it. Jill was in cahoots with the man who tried to put the boots to Zelda. Call me premature in my conclusion, but it was looking like some sort of slave trade or serial killing was going on.
—She’s doing good all right. Good for nothing. I arrested her years ago when I was working vice. She convinced me she was going to go all good-girl and get religion. When I saw her here, I thought she’d be the one to help me find you.
—You know how that turned out.
—Yeah. We’re spending our vaycay shackled in the back of a serial killer’s rolling slaughterhouse. I think now is the time to remind you that I never promised life with me would be boring.
In the dark, Allie clanked her way as far as the leg irons would let her. At the end of her tether, she bent to reach my hand and squeezed. I knew it was obvious, but I asked anyway.
—Can you tell if I’m in chains?
Her hand moved along the metal wrapped around my wrist and worked its way to the table rail.
—I’m pretty sure it’s handcuffs.
Allie’s fingers followed along the belt to the buckle.
—I don’t suppose you’re wearing the belt.
The belt? What belt? We’re staring down medical malpractice by an incompetent surgeon and she’s asking about my belt?
The door opened. In the moment before it slammed shut I heard Zelda’s bark. Whoever had climbed in was making their way towards the butcher shop.
—Get back to where you were. They can’t know you can reach me.


The woman turned up the lights in the mobile operating theater and I recognized her immediately. Jill. So much for the reformed hooker helper. I had cut her some slack, and this is how it ended up. Not only wasn’t she going to repay me for the favor, but there wouldn’t be any justice, either.
—I’m sorry it has to be this way, Nash.
My mind raced to come up with something, anything, to appease the woman.
—Not as sorry as I am. I don’t suppose there’s anything I can say to convince you to let us go.
I had nothing. Allie and I would be dead meat. Literally.
—I had to get rid of Barbara after I told you about her. She was the weak link. She wanted out in the worst way.
Well, there was no doubt she was out now. That confirmed my suspicion that my lawyer was dead, either in the fire or outright murdered beforehand. Either way, still dead.
—What are you going to do with me?
I figured if I kept Allie out of the conversation, perhaps I could convince Jill to let her go.
—It’s up to Ron.
—You’re still letting the men in your life run all over you, aren’t you?
It was becoming obvious that Jill had a hankering to slice and dice the men she no longer wanted in her life. I was going to be next.
—Yes, Jim, I’m still letting a man run my life. And I enjoy pleasing him, no matter what he asks me to do.
Jesus, Jill must be the butcher in the slaughterhouse. The realization hit me like a brick over the head. I ran through every conceivable reason I could come up with to get her to help me. I couldn’t come up with anything meaningful for me or for Allie.
—You need to let Allie go.
If I thought Allie and I were in deep shit before this woman showed up in the truck, I knew now that we had floated to the bottom of the cesspool. Neither of us was going to get the opportunity to regain the surface.
Jill didn’t answer me. She flipped off the lights and went forward to the cab. She opened the door and a sliver of light briefly illuminated Allie before it slammed shut.
I had no idea what Zelda could do to help us, but at least she was still on-station outside the door. I knew because the high-pitched scream wasn’t coming from her. Dogs don’t sound like women when they scream.
Allie’s chains rattled on the floor. She bent over me again. I felt her fingers run along the inside of my belt.
—My money is in my wallet.
—The belt. Is that the belt I gave you?
—For Christ’s sake, woman, what’s the big deal about the belt? You never cared before.
Immediately I regretted raising my voice. She sighed, and I felt like a man soon to be threatened with a cold shoulder if I didn’t give the right answer. The way things were going, she’d be asking if I thought she looked fat in those chains.
—Is it the one I gave you? I can’t tell in the dark.
She gave it to me before we broke up, as a birthday present. I never got a chance to tell her, but it had been doing its duty faithfully, ever since.
—It happens to be, yes. Are you happy now?
—Not yet. Move to the edge of the table and I’ll let you know.
I slithered my way across the table as far as the shackles would allow. I didn’t want her to think that I never did what I was told to do by a woman.
—I’m there. What’s next?
It hit me suddenly, the way some things do when you aren’t thinking about them.


Allie’s fingers returned to work their way across the back of my belt, fishing under pant-loops on the way.
—What the hell are you doing, woman? You already know I keep my cash in my front pocket.
—Shut up.
I did. The last time I pissed her off, she moved out of town.
—I found it.
Allie’s scream almost deafened me. She put something metallic in my hand. I recognized the handcuff key just as it slipped from my fingers and pinged onto the stainless steel of the table.
—Goddammit, Jim, if someone else doesn’t get to you first, I’m going to kill you myself the first chance I get.
She wasn’t kidding, either. I could tell by the tone of her voice. I let my sticky fingers do the walking.
—Got it.
I held it up triumphantly. She struggled to reach for it with outstretched fingers. She unlatched the only cuff she could reach. I took the key and removed the other three from wrist and ankles. I tried it on her shackles.
—It doesn’t fit. You’re going to have to stay put. If Zelda is still out there, I’ll let her in. That dog has been looking for you as hard as I have.
True as that was, I was glad Zelda wouldn’t be capable of telling Allie my secrets concerning my one indiscretion with the leggy lawyer. I found the light switch and discovered we had been sharing a butcher block with Barbara. I covered her up one last time after checking for a pulse I couldn’t find.
I left the lights on and climbed over the divider into the cab. Zelda didn’t even acknowledge me when I opened the door. She breezed past, almost knocked me over, and jumped into the back. She halted at Allie’s feet.
Her tail wagged so fast and hard the dog almost forgot to check out the rest of the trailer for fresh scents. She gave the dead Barbara the once over. Satisfied, Zelda went back to Allie and sat down, ears perked. Her tail brushed back and forth on the floor.
I don’t know who was happier, Zelda, or Allie. I expect Allie would have been if she didn’t have those shackles around her ankles.
—I’ll be back as soon as I can.
Zelda barked, but I didn’t hear Allie say a word. It left me wondering if she didn’t believe me. Perhaps she was going to kill me after all.
I couldn’t get my ass out of the rig fast enough. I had to find something to cut Allie’s chains, and I had to find it fast. I stumbled going out the passenger door and slid into a gooey mess surrounding a body propped up against the drive wheels.
My old friend Jill didn’t look so well. In fact, she looked downright anemic beneath the truck stop’s lights. A pool of blood surrounded her. It was draining from her midsection. Both hands clutched at her stomach. They were incapable of stemming the flow of blood.
It didn’t take a detective to know the mess was caused by Zelda when she lunged at the woman. That must have been the cause of the scream I heard when Zelda went at her.
The dog hadn’t missed.
I took a chance and opened the door to the back of the trailer. The bolt cutters that put me into this situation were still sitting inside the door. They were right where I must have dropped them when I took the rap on the head.
I retraced my steps. In thirty seconds, Allie was free. She almost trampled me in her rush to get out of the place.
I can’t say that I could blame her.
I wasn’t so fast to leave the truck behind. I flipped sun visors and opened storage compartments, searching for anything that would confirm my suspicions about Ron, and where he came from originally. It didn’t take long before I discovered a couple of faded photos. I couldn’t be certain, but one of the people looked to be my childhood schoolmate, Gordie. He was in his scout uniform.
I pocketed the pictures and went looking for Allie and Zelda.
I didn’t have to go far. Zelda raced towards me, stopped, and reversed course. Just for spite, she kept looking back, but the dog didn’t have to worry. I was behind her, but only because I couldn’t keep up. When I got to Allie, we hugged and kissed. Zelda kept whacking me with her tail, and I figured she was spanking me on account of my earlier misbehavior with some unnamed lawyer.
I put it behind me in a hurry.
—What are we going to do now? I called 911 from the restaurant. The cops should be here any time.
—I don’t think they’ll be showing up.
I explained what Barbara told me about the cops ignoring the hooking going on at the truck stop. I covered off on the police chief and the judge and who owned the property, too.
—So then, you’re saying that they won’t be coming?
—Oh, they’ll show up all right, but I don’t think they’ll be doing anything to help us real soon now.
—Then we’d better get the hell out while we still can, Nash. But first I need to make a phone call before we put this place in the rear-view mirror.


I parked the rental outside the impound lot and managed to talk the desk sergeant into letting me pick up my car. Zelda was smart enough to know that she’d better ride shotgun from the rear seat. Allie collapsed in the front.
—I remember who that son of a bitch Ron is, finally.
Ron sure as hell didn’t look anything like the person I knew as a kid. It was a lot of years-and obviously a lot of eating-later. No wonder I didn't recognize the man. When I knew him, he was nine or ten years old. I never saw him again until he had eaten his way into obscurity.
—He’s the guy who killed my friend Gordie. It’s his brother.
She looked at me.
—What?
—Ron. He’s Ron. The brother of my schoolmate. The kid who shot himself. Except he didn’t shoot himself. Ron shot Gordie in a misguided attempt to bully him.
She didn’t say a word. She only listened.
—Ron must have pointed a loaded .22 at Gordie. Perhaps Gordie made a grab for it and they wrestled. It went off close enough that whoever did the investigation-if there even was one-called it a suicide.
And I hadn’t been able to do anything to prevent it. I gave up. I didn’t shut up. I asked Allie who she called from the restaurant.
—Before you showed up at the business, I met an FBI field agent who chartered a boat for some scuba diving. He’s not far from here. When I told him what happened to us, he listened. In fact, he said they’d had the truck stop under investigation for a couple of months.
—Do we need to hang around?
—Not on your life. We’ve got a vacation to finish.
As excited as Zelda was at the prospect of continuing the road trip, she knew better than to complain about being relegated to the back seat now that Allie was finally and permanently in control in the front.


I tossed the burn phone out the window and pointed the car south. There was plenty of time left to make the Keys and our vacation to end vacations. With Allie snoring in the front and Zelda snooze-snorting in the back, I figured I had it made.
I knew better than to ever mention to Allie that she snored. That would be a secret for me to know and for Zelda to keep.


Greetings from Key West
THE POSTCARD RACK in the shirt shack window caught Allie’s attention. Hank, her brother, collected them. When he couldn’t lay his hands on the originals, he liked reproductions from the 50s and early 60s. He considered them placeholders for when he acquired the originals. Allie commanded Zelda, confident that she would obey. The dog was becoming more comfortable with Allie and how she handled her.
—Zelda. Stay.
Allie left the dog in the shade, sitting on the sidewalk, and went in for a better look. She fished in her bag for a list and began perusing the contents of the rack. She looked out the window to check on Zelda. A little girl was happily allowing the dog to nuzzle her face and lick her fingers.
She returned to the postcard rack, content that Zelda looked to be in expert hands. Smiled at their antics as she made her choices, and hoped Hank would approve before she paid and left the shop.
Her mind still wasn’t where it should be, given what happened to her and to Jim on the trip down. She couldn’t stop thinking about the narrow escape they had. The crazy had been stalking Jim. The man, Ron, had been captured trying to escape in the same tractor-trailer he used to hold both of them prisoner. Her FBI acquaintance told her they found Jill in the back of the cab, strapped down on one of the surgical tables. She was very much dead.
Allie considered herself lucky to have made it out of that situation alive and in good health. Ditto for her boyfriend and new business partner, Jim.
She was expecting Zelda to be where she left her. The dog was well-trained, after all. Surprised when she wasn’t, she looked up and down the street. She thought she saw the dog traipsing after a little girl, but she was too far away to be certain before they disappeared into the crowd. She wished she had given the girl a better look when she first noticed her petting the dog.
Jim wouldn’t be happy when she told him she lost Zelda to a little girl in the early morning on the already-crowded street. It was the Key’s major tourist draw. Rather than give up, she walked down the street in both directions. She hoped to catch sight of Zelda in the throng of tourists and lookie-loos doing what she called the mad shuffle back and forth across the street.
Zelda was nowhere to be seen. Allie had no idea where the dog had gotten to, or what to do next. The girl was long gone, too. She doubted she would be capable of recognizing her in the crowded street. She didn’t rush back to the inn. She took her time strolling towards it, certain that Zelda would catch up or be waiting for her when she arrived.
Instead, she found Jim waiting for her, back from his own walk. The inn was perfect for them. She had called ahead to tell them about the dog and learned that it wouldn’t be a problem. By the time Jim checked them in, Zelda had already made a bunch of new friends on the ground floor where their room was located.
—You must have gotten tired of the crush of people. I thought you’d still be in a seat at Sloppy Joe’s.
—You were right. It was crowded and noisy. How long have you been coming down here?
Allie and her family were regulars on the tourist circuit known as the Keys.
—Our parents would bring us down when we were kids. It was a ritual visit every year. That’s how I know my way around.
—In that case, what’s your recommendation for dinner tonight?
She had to tell him about Zelda sooner rather than later.
—Before we do that, we need to be on the lookout for Zelda.
—Zelda? Didn’t you leave her outside?
Jim opened the door. Zelda wasn’t there to rush in. He turned to Allie and raised an eyebrow.
—I don’t know where she is. The last time I saw her, she was outside of the shop making friends with a little girl in a purple shirt. They seem to have disappeared together, because when I turned around to check on her, they were both gone.
—I’ll tell the front desk to let her in if she shows up. I’m sure we’re worrying about nothing.
—I was sure she’d be here, waiting for us.
Allie walked out front, still concerned about the missing Zelda. She waited on the sidewalk in the shade. She hoped it wouldn’t be long before the dog came back. If Zelda didn’t turn up, and soon, she’d never forgive herself.
By the time Jim joined her in front of the motel, Zelda was already on her way, strutting down the sidewalk towards them. A garland of flowers and a purple scarf adorned her neck. Her tail was held high and waving like a flag flapping in the wind. She didn’t appear to have a care in the world.
Allie gently scolded Zelda for going missing. The dog waited until she finished and then sat at her feet. Embarrassed, she wouldn’t look up. She knew she shouldn’t have disappeared with the girl.
When it came time for Zelda to walk with them, she wouldn’t leave the inn. In a stubborn mood after her adventure, she lay down and wouldn’t get up. Instead, she barked softly and wagged her tail. Her actions perplexed Jim.
—That’s a new one. I’ve never seen her do that before.
—Maybe she’s feeling guilty about abandoning me this afternoon.
Jim walked back to the dog. She got up and ran in the opposite direction, away from him. The dog stopped and waited and looked back and forth as though expecting them to be following her.
—I think she wants something.
—Let’s see where she leads us. Maybe she found a place to have lunch.
Allie rolled her eyes, and Jim grinned at her.
—Come on. My other girl is wanting something. I learned a long time ago never to ignore a woman who wants something.
Allie regarded him coyly.
—How long ago, exactly?
—About as long as it took me to learn that she needed to be fed, watered, and walked regularly. Now come on.
The pair followed the dog for half a dozen blocks. Each time Zelda got too far in front, she turned and trotted back, huffing and puffing and doing a stiff-legged dance to hurry them up.
—She obviously found something she wants us to know about.
The dog rounded a corner, sat down, and waited for her masters. When Jim and Allie took the corner, she trotted up to an old van and waited.
—There’s a vehicle I’m glad I don’t own.
The van was rusted. Paint on the roof and short hood from too many days in the burning sun had faded and disappeared a long time ago. A badly cracked windshield and taped windows took the dilapidated look to the extreme. The door creaked open on rusty tracks and a girl appeared.
—Look, Jim, there’s the little girl.
—Are you sure she’s the same one?
—Her purple shirt is a giveaway. It’s what I noticed when she was petting Zelda. The scarf matches.
That was Zelda’s cue to run to the van and accost the girl. She squealed and hugged the dog. A woman’s voice inside the van chastised her.
—Lily, we can’t afford to feed a dog, too.
Lily adjusted the neckerchief around Zelda’s neck. She got down on her knees and hugged her again.
—But she’s so sweet. And she likes me. I like her, too, mommy.
Jim knew Allie wasn’t capable of ignoring what was going on in the van. She had a soft spot for children. The ragamuffin look this one had would be difficult for her to ignore. Before he could stop her, she approached the girl and went down on one knee.
—Hello. My name is Allie. The dog’s name is Zelda.
Zelda barked and circled around the two of them. Her tail wagged a happy greeting. A head stuck out of the van.
—Lily, how many times have I told you about strangers?
Allie stood up and quickly introduced herself. The short-haired blonde woman exited the van. The woman, obviously the girl’s mother, introduced herself as Erica. Reluctantly, she shook Allie’s proffered hand. Immediately, she climbed back in and sat down.
The little girl stayed with Zelda.


Allie wasn’t content to walk away with Zelda in tow, especially after hearing the woman’s comment about food for a dog.
—I’d say our dog is quite taken with your daughter.
—She is, isn’t she?
Allie waved at Jim.
—Come and meet Lily and her mother.
He ignored her. The woman stepped out of the van. She maneuvered to place herself between her daughter and the two strangers.
—What do you want? Why did you come here?
Jim approached, finally.
—My partner lost our dog to your daughter earlier in the day. When Zelda came back to the motel on her own, she acted like she wanted us to follow her. This is where she brought us.
A black and white pulled in behind the van. Two officers got out and approached, hands on hips, looking stern and professional.
—We told you yesterday that you couldn’t park here any longer. Move, or we’ll tow you.
To emphasize the point, a tow truck turned the corner and bore down on the gathering.
Ex-cop that he was, Jim looked around for no parking signs.
—I don’t see any signage. Is what you’re saying a local bylaw? Is there a limit to how long someone can park on city streets?
One cop moved a hand to his holster.
—Don’t interfere. This is police business.
—It sure is.
Jim took out his camera and walked to position himself to get pictures of the street. There were no signs that restricted parking that he could see. He snapped a couple of photos, added the cars and the two officers for good measure, and returned to the van. He made a show of putting the camera in his front pocket. 
—All done. Erica, I think you’d better do as the officers tell you.
The policemen weren’t satisfied.
—Which one of you owns the dog?
—She belongs to me.
—There’s no tag on her. We could call animal control.
—The tag is covered by the bandana, but why don’t you do that? We’ll be happy to wait.
The second officer moved his hand to the butt of his service pistol and stepped off to the side.
—By the way, your chief will be pleased to know that this entire conversation has been recorded for the safety of all concerned. What I’d like to know, though, is the specific law that has been broken so I can look it up after a lawyer gets us all out of jail on a technicality. Because, you know, making up fake laws.
Jim figured it wasn’t going to go well when he asked if they were pretend cops, too, but before he could do that, they beat a hasty retreat to the air-conditioned cruiser and departed.
Allie was concerned for the woman and her daughter.
—Is that the way they treat tourists around here? I’d say it’s pretty unusual for a tourist town, especially as big a trap as this place.
Erica ushered Lily into the safety of the van.
—We’re used to it. I find a new place and wait for them to show up all over again. Usually my daughter stands watch and lets me know when they’re close.


Erica began closing up the van’s rear doors. She slammed them shut and called for her daughter to join her. She stepped through the sliding door to check the interior.
—Say goodbye to the dog, sweetie. We have to go now.
Allie looked at Jim before turning back to the woman.
—Those two looked like a couple of bullies to me. Have you had trouble with them before?
Erica’s quick intake of breath and a sob followed. Tears began streaming down her face.
—It’s all because of that darned company my husband owned.
Allie stooped to follow Erica into the van and placed a sympathetic arm around the woman.
—Would you like to talk about it?
—It’s not your problem. You probably shouldn’t even get involved. You heard the cop. He threatened your dog.
—Where’s your husband now?
The interior of the van contained scuba tanks, gear and wet suits. What didn’t need to be on the floor neatly placed on both walls. Bags and boxes were stacked on the floor and piled neatly in order. Allie looked at Jim and motioned for him to look inside the van.
Erica took a deep breath. Her sobbing stopped.
—My husband owned a small dive shop on Vaca Cay. It wasn’t huge, but it was on a pretty big piece of land. A developer wanted to buy it from us. I pleaded with him to let it go. It would have meant enough money for us to bank and live off of for quite a while. He could have picked up free-lance commercial diving jobs to give him something to do.
—He refused to sell?
—Yes. That’s when our troubles began.
—You never told us where your husband is.
—He’s dead.
Allie looked at Jim. Suddenly he was all ears. He quickly checked on Zelda and Lily. They were playing beneath the shade of the trees on the opposite side of the street. Mostly the little girl was hugging the dog, and Zelda was encouraging it by snuffling and licking her face.
—What happened?
Erica sucked in enough air to allow her to go on.
—He was on a dive. Something went wrong. His air went bad. Or a line plugged and he couldn’t breathe.
—Was there an autopsy?
—Yes. But I couldn’t get a copy.
—How about an inquest?
—No. Well, yes, there was one. But it was closed. I couldn’t get in to it, either.
Jim paced back and forth outside the van. Allie could tell he wasn’t happy. She wasn’t either, after Erica finished her story.
—That’s unusual. I have some experience with coroners. Maybe I could make a few phone calls to find out what went on. Would you be all right with that?
Erica cast a blank look in the couple's direction. It didn’t appear as though she had much faith in either of them.
—You’re a couple of tourists, aren’t you?
—We are. But I’m a former coroner. Jim is an ex cop.
Erica’s expression changed immediately. It was as though a giant weight had been lifted off of her.
Allie went on.
—No promises, but maybe we could talk to some people and come up with something. We have the time. In the meantime, you’d better move the van before the cops come back and tow it.
—You’re right. Lily. Come on. It’s time for us to go.
—Aww, mommy. Do we have to?
Zelda bounded after the girl as she reluctantly obeyed her mother. The dog jumped into the van, wagging her tail. She turned her happy gaze on Allie and Jim.
—Well, I guess that’s solved. It looks like you just adopted a dog. We’re staying at the Inn. We’ll tell the front desk to expect to hear from you.
Lily jumped in beside Zelda and hugged her. Zelda woofed. Erica slid the door closed nag got in the driver’s seat. The van disappeared around a corner.
Jim looked at Allie and shook his head.
—Did I just give my faithful dog away? We’re asking for trouble, aren’t we?
—I figure if she moves the van to come and see us, it’ll keep her from staying in one spot and getting hassled by the local PD. I wonder what they have to do with that piece of property on Vaca Cay.
—What are you suggesting?
—I’m thinking there’s more to this than a parking violation.


The sun finished hovering over the Gulf and was already dipping below the horizon when Allie led Jim in the wharf's direction. She took his hand and led him past couples and families and singles intent on observing the setting sun.
They mingled with exhibitors and street performers and the hundreds of others there to do the same thing. They waited to hear the conch putting the sun to bed over the Gulf of Mexico. 
—Someone is watching us. Look for a man in a red shirt.
Allie slowly did a tourist turn to watch the excitement of the celebration on the busy pier. Finally, she spotted him.
—There’s two of them. He’s talking to someone in a blue shirt.
Allie turned back to the ceremony.
—I could be wrong, but I think one of them is a cop from this afternoon. I wonder why they’re so interested in us. Do you think it could have anything to do with befriending Erica and her daughter?
Jim took her hand and pulled her in the inn's direction.
—Come on. It’s time to go.
—But we haven’t seen the show yet.
—We can watch it tomorrow.
He made sure they walked towards the two men. He halted as he recognized one of them. He didn’t want to get closer.
—You were right. One of them is the cop. I wonder who his buddy is.
The men knew they had been made. They quickly separated and disappeared in the crowd of onlookers.
—We’ll never find them in this mess of humanity. Let’s go home.
It took them ten minutes to walk to the Inn.
—Go to the front desk, Allie.
—What? Why?
—Our door is open. Go on. Do it now.
Jim eased the door wide and peered into the room. Suitcases, clothes, and furniture were scattered and torn. Someone was looking for something. Since they were there on vacation, he had no idea what it could be. He made his way to the office and Allie.
—Well, we’re definitely on somebody’s radar. And it’s probably because those two cops witnessed us talking to Erica. I’d sure like to know what they were looking for.
—Maybe someone thinks we know about Erica’s husband and what happened to him.
—Well, we do know about Erica’s husband. What we don’t know is what happened to him. Do you think your coroner in Miami might know something about the investigation?
Allie thought for a moment.
—Sometimes smaller jurisdictions will call in expertise when they don’t have anyone locally.
—Then it’s time for you to make that call. By any chance, is he a guy you used to date?
Exasperated, she put her hands on her hips and gave him the look.
—Are you trying to play the jealousy card?
—Yeah. No. I just figured that might help Erica’s cause if it was.
—Yes, I used to date him. No, I don’t plan on making out with him. I’m only going to be asking if he knows anything.
—In that case, what do you say we get a new room and make out ourselves?
—In that case, you’d better get your detective butt over to our old room and collect our belongings as fast as you can. I’m going to make the arrangements.


Allie waited in the lobby to book their new room. Reception smiled at her, checked the computer, and then frowned.
—We don’t seem to have any rooms left. We’ll comp you for the damages. Would that be all right?
The manager smiled sweetly and proceeded to ignore Allie as she picked up the phone and dialed. Allie hesitated outside for a second. Through the open door she overheard the desk clerk tell someone on the other end that she’d kept them on the ground floor in the same room even though others were available.
If that was the case, why were they being kept in the same room? It didn’t make sense. She wondered if they should check out and find another place, then thought better of it. Everywhere else was probably booked.
Jim was half-way through tossing clothes into suitcases. He didn’t notice nor hear the door swing open. The lead sap connected with the back of his neck. He went down for the count and stayed that way until Allie pushed open the door and entered the dark room.
—Jim? Are you here? Where are you?
A loud groan answered her. She flicked a light switch and bent to help him up.
—Are you all right?
He rubbed the back of his neck.
—I will be when we can put Key West in our rear-view mirror. Until that happens, someone is going to pay.
—Come on. You need a shower.
She helped him strip off his clothes and helped him into the bathroom.
—What are you waiting for?
—I don’t think you should even be in the mood.
He grinned.
—I’m definitely not, but I can still look, can’t I?
Once in bed, Allie kept up a steady stream of questions.
—Did you get a look at him?
—No. I didn’t even hear him.
—Do you think it could have been the man from the dock?
—It could have. I don’t know for sure.
—What do you think they were looking for when they searched the room?
—Well, someone witnessed us talking to Erica. Someone obviously thinks that we’re having something to do with what happened to her husband and his property. Why they would think that, I have no idea.
—They’re intent on scaring us off for sure. I’m thinking that there just might be something to Erica’s claims after all.
He snuggled against Allie’s warm back.
—With the headache I have, I’m not thinking about anything until tomorrow. Sweet dreams and don’t forget to put a chair against the door.
—Isn’t that your job?
—Normally, I’d say yes, but in my present condition, I think you should do it.
Jim closed his eyes, sighed, and fell asleep. Allie stumbled out of bed in the dark, stubbed her toe and propped a chair under the doorknob. She didn’t go back to bed right away.
She turned on a light and opened up a road map of Florida. She wanted an idea about what could be so valuable about a piece of property on Vaca Cay and how it might relate to Erica’s story.


The door handle twisted and bumped against the chair. Allie went on full alert. Someone was pulling and pushing, trying to force it open. She whispered to Jim, out cold and snoring. He wasn't going to be any help. She’d have to depend on her own resources.
She turned out the light, grabbed a lamp, and waited. There it was again. Someone kept trying to get in.
—Allie? Allie? Are you there?
A dog barked, followed by knocking on the door.
—Who is it? Erica? Is that you? Zelda?
Zelda barked.
—Yes. Open up. Please.
Allie opened the door wide and Zelda, Lily and her mother all fought to get through the door at the same time. Zelda won by slipping past two pairs of legs. Erica slammed the door and replaced the chair behind her.
—What’s wrong? Oh my god. Who did that to you?
Erica’s bloody face sported a black eye.
—One of the cops from this afternoon.
—Come into the bathroom.
Allie soaked a towel and handed it to her.
—Was he wearing a red shirt?
—Yes. How did you know?
Allie told her what they saw on the dock and about the room search.
—So now you’re a part of what’s been happening to me. I’d better start at the beginning. Do you have time right now?
Zelda jumped up on the bed and stretched out beside Jim. Lily crawled in beside the dog and pulled the bedspread over all three of them. The dog snuffled and sighed and Lily giggled.
—You bet I do.
It was Erica’s turn to sigh, happy that she had someone who believed in her.
—Then I won’t leave anything out.


Daylight illuminated the room when Jim woke. The air conditioner hummed beneath the curtains, creating a tent. Only Lily and Zelda remained behind to keep Jim company. The dog wagged her tail and barked, waiting for her master to rise and shine and open the door. When he finally did, she snuffled up and down the sidewalk, jumping back and forth as she followed a scent.
Lily trailed behind, concerned about her mother and Allie both. She looked to Zelda for support.
—Do you think they’ll be all right, Zelda? Who would want to hurt them? Do you think we can find them?
Jim closed the door and followed the intrepid duo, concerned for Lily and her worrying about her mother.
—Did both of you come here last night? What happened?
—Somebody beat up my mom. She came to get help from you. You promised you’d help. Are you going to help us? Zelda is ready.
Lily nervously shifted from side to side as she looked up hopefully at Jim.
—Of course I am, Lily. My word is gold. So is Allie’s. And so is Zelda’s, in case you haven’t noticed.
Zelda stayed busy running back and forth, trying to get the two to chase after her. Jim had no idea where to look for the women. Then he remembered. The police.
—They’ll be fine, Lily. Don’t worry. Whoever met with them only wants to ask questions.
He wasn’t so sure, but he had an idea.
—Good girl, Zelda. Take me to her. Take me to Allie.
She stopped at an empty parking stall. Whoever had taken her must have loaded her into a car.
—Come on, ladies.
Lily and Zelda looked up at him.
—We’re going to the police station. I think we have a job for law enforcement.
Either that, or he was certain the women were in separate interview rooms, being questioned about their culpability in one made-up infraction or another.
A thick marine layer enveloped the town as Jim, accompanied by Lily and Zelda, made their way toward the local police station. He tried ignoring the man following them and instead concentrated on finding his way in the fog.
As they drew closer to their destination, Zelda began getting more excited. She danced and leaped and ran back and forth. Suddenly, she deserted them and ran off to sit down at the building’s back door.
Jim and Lily followed.
—Is she in there, girl? Is she?
Zelda barked and Lily hugged her.
—I think my mom might be in there, too.
Jim put his arm around Lily and gave her a hug.
—I think you might be right about that. Let’s go see. Come on, Zelda.
The three made their way from the back to the front of the building.
—You can’t bring a dog in here.
—Why not?
—It’s against the rules.
Jim looked at Lily and rolled his eyes. She grinned up at him.
—Come on, Zelda. Little girls with dogs aren’t allowed to report crimes in this town.
The cop behind the desk perked up.
—What’s this about a crime?
Lily rushed up to the desk. It towered over her. Zelda brought up the rear and woofed support for Lily as the desk cop stood up and peered down at the little girl.
—Yes?
—My mom is missing. Are you going to take my report? Or are you going to throw me out into the street with my dog?
Jim took a step back and took a fresh look at the girl. So far, she was handling herself pretty well without help from him. He let her do the talking while he dispatched Zelda on a mission.
The desk cop looked at Jim.
—What’s the girl’s name?
—It’s Lily, but she can speak for herself. Why don’t you ask her?
The cop walked out from behind the desk and asked them to follow him. Jim looked around for the telltale windows fronting interrogation rooms. He saw two. Immediately he figured there was a woman he knew in each of them.
—Is there a restroom I can use?
The cop waved an arm. It took him past both rooms. He paused at each, looked through the glass, and caught the cop he’d seen yesterday with Allie. The second room held Erica. There was a lot of yelling going on behind that glass.
He pretended to ignore it and instead directed his attention towards the man who followed them from the Inn. Apparently, he knew the cop in the room with Allie.
Jim followed the man out of the building and chased him down to the docks. He lost sight of him in the pea-soup fog and retraced his steps. Suddenly, he recognized Zelda’s bark. He chased after it until the three of them crossed paths. Zelda, who he now thought of as the best dog ever, had the man cornered in a back alley.
—Call her off of me. Don’t let her bite.
Zelda growled and showed her teeth for emphasis.
—Come on, Zelda. Be nice to the man.
Zelda stopped barking and growling, reversed course, and sat at Jim’s feet. He frisked the man and went through his pockets. He came up with a wallet and a sap. The leather and lead sap was just like the one he kept tucked in the waist of his pants. His neck and head began aching all over again at the sight of it.
—Who are you?
—I’m a private dick.
—Who are you working for?
—I can’t tell you that. It’s called client confidentiality.
Jim didn’t hesitate.
—Zelda. Come here. I need you.
The dog rushed over to the man. He made to hug the fence in the alley like he wanted to climb over it if he could.
—Don’t let her near me. I don’t want to get bitten.
—Then you’d better start talking.
—You’ll get me killed.
—That’s your problem, isn’t it? Perhaps in future you’ll be more careful about who hires you. Talk or I’ll walk you to the end of that pier and make you swim.
—Who’s the woman you’re with? And why did she call the coroner in Miami?
That was an entirely new one on Jim. He and Allie had talked about it, but he wasn’t aware she had called yet.
—That’s none of your business. Are you working with the cop?
—He does some part-time for me, yes.
—What’s your connection to the cop and the woman with the little girl that he keeps rousting?
—My client wouldn’t like it if I talked about that.
Jim called to the dog and Zelda growled on command, like the good dog she was. Jim couldn’t believe it. He had a female that finally listened to him. If Allie ever found out he thought that way, he knew he’d be grounded in an instant.
—All right. All right. I’ll talk.
Jim allowed the man to finish. He thanked him by tapping him on the back of the head with the borrowed sap. He tucked it into the pocket of his pants where he usually kept his own. He led Zelda back to the police station and hoped he wouldn’t be too late to spring the women and Lily.
When he walked in the door, the desk sergeant punched a button and three officers surrounded him with drawn weapons.
—It looks like you’re going to be spending some time with us, dickwad. March yourself down the hall and close the door on the cell at the end.
—Whatever you say, boys. Oh, and don’t forget my phone call. I’ll be needing to make one of those. I trust you’ve let the two women you hauled in here last night make their own calls if they’re not free to go and are being detained.
—Don’t be a smartass. You’ll do what we tell you to do or face the consequences.
Jim stopped mid-step. The officers behind him bumped along like Keystone cops.
—Tell your clowns that they don’t have enough experience or guts to answer to the high-priced lawyer I’m going to call in Miami. In fact, if you don’t stop playing at being a police department and start doing your jobs, you’re going to be in one deep pile of crap. And it won’t be Zelda’s.
The cops took turns looking at one another. Who’s Zelda? silently crossed more than a few pairs of lips.


Jim still didn't know if the women had been released or were still being held. A good Samaritan must have stuffed the envelope under the mattress in his cell. The contents caused him to have more questions than he had answers.
He flipped through the documents. From what he could tell, the property on Vaca Cay was owned by Erica’s husband. Someone had provided a notarized copy of the actual deed. As his wife, unless he had another one, or unless he had a will to the contrary, Erica should have ended up as the property owner on her husband’s death.
At least now he had a chain of ownership. He continued flipping through the papers. By the time he finished, he was as confused as when he started.
There was no title transfer. At least, none had been included in the papers he had in his hand. He wondered if whoever put it there had left it out on purpose. He changed his mind when he couldn’t figure out why they would do that, considering everything else they included.
Could whoever had taken over the property have forced Erica off of it without paying her for it or transferring it into their name? Surely no one could be that stupid these days.
Jim tucked the papers under his shirt and sat down to reconsider the stupidity of crooks and liars. As an ex-cop, that was nothing new to him. It had been his experience that people were actually that stupid.
With nothing to do, Jim lay back on his cot, fully intending to doze off. It made time go faster. It was also a method he used in the past to help him come up with ideas for solutions to some of his cases. He began thinking his way through the problems associated with this one.
A door slammed and woke him from his reverie. He came to from a dreamlike trance, wondering where he was. When he spied the tattoo-covered bruisers looking at him with a mix of hatred and glee, he knew he was in for a beating.
His hand moved to the truncheon tucked in the waistband of his pants. Knowing it was there reassured him. He swung his legs to the floor and waited. He was a step ahead of the goons. He knew why the pair were in the cell.
The word dumbasses crossed his mind, and he put it out of his thoughts just as quickly as it appeared. He thanked his lucky stars that the cops who slammed him into the cell were so intent on leaving him with a message that they hadn’t frisked him.
He did a quick check for cameras and settled back on the cot, satisfied there were none. He waited for the shit to hit the fan. It turned out to be a brief wait.
—Are you the cop?
Both men stood over him with fists clenched and feet spread.
—Retired.
A left arm went up and moved to come down on top of his head. Jim ducked, rolled back on the cot, and brought up his knees. He slipped onto the floor. He stood up behind the muscle, raised the sap and got in a quick snap to the back of a head.
The second turned rapidly and assumed a boxer’s position, arms held high, knees bent. Jim flicked the sap to bend around a fist and the satisfying snap of a broken wrist brought a wry grin to his face.
—Was there something you wanted to talk to me about?
Jim pushed the goon backwards. He tripped over his buddy’s body and fell. He tried to break the fall with a broken wrist and landed on top of his buddy. An agonizing wail reached out to the rest of the building.
Cops came running, yelling and cursing.
—We told you not to hurt him too much.
The running came to a sudden stop when they recognized Jim standing over the two men. The sap lay on the floor where he dropped it.
—Next time, send someone capable of doing the job. That certainly isn’t these two pussies. Are they on the department payroll as cops, or robbers?


Jim was unceremoniously escorted to the building’s back door. Someone gave him a shove and he ended up in the alley and into the waiting paws of Zelda. Barking and shuffling back and forth the entire time, she led him to the van populated by the three women. She sat down at his feet, huffing and snuffling as she waited for her reward.
He pulled the papers out of his waistband and handed them over to Erica.
—You need to look at these. Come on, Allie and Lily. Your mom needs some time to digest some things.
Jim exited the van with the girls.
—What’s in the papers?
—Title to the Vaca Cay property in question was never transferred out of Erica’s husband’s name.
Allie was ecstatic, both for Erica and her daughter, Lily.
—Are you kidding me? You mean she still owns the property?
—Well, unless there’s a paper trail somewhere, that’s how it looks to me.
Erica joined them on the sidewalk.
—I don’t think I should do this here. I need to go to Marathon to the property office there. Will you come with me?
Jim looked over at Allie.
—Why not? What’s a couple more hours? We’ll get to see the sights with someone who knows the history of the area.
—I’m all ears. Let’s go.
Allie opened the door to the front seat. Zelda beat her to it and would have yelled shotgun if she could. Lily jumped in beside her and hugged the black Lab.
—It looks like we’ve been relegated to the back, Allie. Come on.


Jim adjusted his position in the van to get a clear view through the rear window. He rearranged dive equipment and fashioned a seat. A black and white tailed the van. They crossed the city line, and it dropped back and kept following as they continued to Marathon and the County Clerk’s office. Ten miles later, well past the Marathon limits, the police car halted and turned around.
—Whatever it is we don’t know about is sure giving someone a headache.
Allie agreed.
—It’s probably a good thing we’re checking the records somewhere else. I’m thinking that whoever we’re upsetting has an ear at the local clerk’s office and a direct line to whoever is pulling the strings.
Erica concentrated on her driving while Lily happily sang along to the radio. She interrupted her serenade for a question.
—Do you think we’ll get our house back, mommy?
—I don’t know, dear. We’ll see when we get a look at the papers in the clerk’s office.


The gunfire began the minute Erica exited the building. Jim jumped out of the van and dragged her to cover behind nearby vehicles. Three more shots rang out, followed by silence. Together, they ran to the van and climbed in.
—Well, now we know officially. That property is still ours.
Erica pulled out a sheaf of notarized photocopies.
—Not only that, but my husband registered it in my name only a week before he died.
Allie couldn't halt the smile spreading over her face.
—So then, it is all yours. That should answer any of your questions. I’m still waiting for a callback from my coroner friend in Miami. Until I do, I won’t be able to give you an update on the autopsy results or the inquiry.
Erica tucked the papers away and looked and Jim.
—Should we continue on to Miami, or head back? What do you think, Detective Nash?
—Retired. I think we should head back and stop in Vaca Cay for a look-see at what you and your daughter own. What do you say about that?
Lily was beside herself.
—Yes, mommy. Let’s take them home and make supper for all the work they did for us.
—Honey, I don’t think we’ll be able to get onto the property. They have it fenced off.
Jim didn’t want to give false hope.
—We need to at least take a look, Erica. It will help explain why anyone wants it in the first place and perhaps why they’re willing to do anything to get their hands on it, don’t you think?
It took Erica only an instant to agree.
—We’re on our way, but first I need to stop and fill up.
Erica pulled up to the pumps. Lily jumped out and closed the door on Zelda, trapping her in the van. Experienced at using the gas pump, Lily fed the nozzle into the tank.
Jim and Allie headed for the coffee machine with Erica.
—I can’t believe that my husband filed the papers to put the property in my name. I would have thought he wouldn’t have to do that since we were married.
—Maybe he had an idea about what would be coming at you. Perhaps he thought that would be the best way to put you on the deed as sole owner.
—He’s right, Erica. Whoever was putting pressure on him wouldn’t know until the records were updated. They probably weren’t even watching for something like that.
—You’re right. I’m glad we finally have a paper trail.
The nozzle was still in the tank when they exited the building. Zelda was barking up a storm in the van. Lily was nowhere to be seen, and Erica was in panic mode.
—Oh my god. Do you think they took her?


Jim waved Allie over to the red stain on the ground by the gas pump. She bent to check it.
—It’s not blood.
—You’d better get Erica out of here until we figure out what the hell is going on.
—It looks like someone has taken Lily to force her mother into signing over the property.
—That doesn’t surprise me, given the shots fired at the clerk’s office and what went on with her husband. Someone is awfully stupid, or exceedingly intent on causing as much harm as they can in order to force Erica to do what they want her to do.
—They couldn’t have gone far. What are we going to do?
—First we need to get a look at the property. Grab Erica and load her into the van. Don’t let her refuse. I’ll drive. She can show us where to go.
They loaded the distraught woman and pulled in behind the gas-and-go.
—Erica, someone obviously wants to force you to sign over that property. They’ve taken your daughter to make sure you do it. They won’t hurt her. She’s too important to them to do that.
—Are you sure, Jim? She’s all I’ve got. I can’t lose her.
—They’re using her. We’ll find her. Now take us to your property. We need to see what’s on it and why everyone seems to think it’s so valuable.
Erica directed them to the site. An older beach house on stilts sat on half an acre of prime ocean-front property. Two hotels in various stages of construction bordered either side of the property.
—Well, I think it’s pretty plain what’s going on. I can see why your husband signed over the land to you if he was being threatened.
—Hang on, everyone.
Jim crashed the van through the fence and stopped at the entrance to the house. Security guards from both properties approached. Jim reached into the back of the van and came up with a mini-gun and an arrow. He got out of the van and cocked it before the guards arrived.
—Well now, gentlemen. What appears to be the problem?
The men eyed Jim and the charged spear gun. They knew better than to challenge him.
—This property is closed. You’re trespassing.
—That can’t be so. I have the owner’s title to the property, and it shows the owner’s name. The name on the deed is the name of the woman in my van.
He gestured to the two women.
—It seems we have a Mexican standoff going on here. How about if you call the authorities to get this straightened out? We plan on having a barbecue on the property tonight, and you’re holding up the tailgater.
Jim smiled at the two men.
—Oh, and by the way, you’re both invited if you can fit it into your schedule. Maybe you could let me know who to call so that I can get the time off for you.
The men moved off and began whispering. One pulled out a cell phone and waited for someone to pick up on the other end. The second walked back to the construction site.
Allie hung up her own phone.
—I just had a callback from my Miami contact. He assured me that the inquest came up with ruptured rubber seals on the fittings. It appears that the seals were altered to fail. From what they had to go on, they weren’t able to determine who did the deed.
—So he was murdered. No wonder whoever is guilty wants that woman gone.
Erica exited the van and pointed.
—I think I heard Lily calling.
Allie let the dog out of the van. Zelda bounded onto the sand, raised her snout, and sniffed at the air.
—Zelda should be able to find your daughter. They’ve spent so much time together, she’ll pick up the scent if she’s here.
Jim grabbed the keys out of the ignition.
—Come on, everyone. Follow that dog.
Zelda took off, leaving behind a cloud of beach sand as she galloped off. She made for the construction site. Before long, she was forced to wait for the two-legged much slower humans behind her. When they caught up, she barked and kept on going.
She dug a passage under the second fence and proceeded to enter the building through an opening. Once inside, she began to bark steadily. The dog growled, a man screamed, and all hell broke loose. Three men exited, running as fast as they could with Zelda hot on their trail.
Eventually, she stopped, looked in the direction of Jim and the women, and ran back into the building. She came out with Lily gripping her collar. The girl let go of the dog when she saw her mother. She ran to crawl though the passageway Zelda dug under the fence. She hugged the dog as she joined her on the other side.
—I knew you’d find me, Zelda.
The dog licked her face and nuzzled her until she stumbled and almost fell down.
—Zelda. I love you, too.
Lily patted the dog and hugged her tight. Tears streamed down Erica’s face. Allie couldn’t help but join in the emotion of the moment.
—Let’s recap if we can, shall we?
Jim shook his head and looked at Allie.
—Don’t look at me. You’re the detective.
—Retired, remember?
—Come on, spit it out for us lesser mortals.
—Well, we’ve got a murder committed by someone who wants the property that he or she thought was still in Lily’s father’s name. The man knew something was up and transferred it directly to his wife and to Lily.
—Erica, did you know Lily’s name was on the transfer papers too?
She nodded.
—I realized it after I took a second look at the papers.
—Okay. So they ousted you from your own land after the death, thinking that everything had been done to ensure that they now owned the property. And a valuable property it would be, too, seeing as it’s between two resort hotels under construction.
Jim walked everyone back to the van.
—When they had Erica and Lily convinced they were homeless, all they had to do was run her out of town. The perpetrators involved who they knew at the local PD and get them to do the dirty work.
Lily gripped Zelda’s collar.
—And then Zelda came along to help us.
The girl enveloped Zelda in another huge hug. Zelda didn’t miss out on the opportunity to lick her face. Lily giggled.
—Yes, she did, didn’t she?


Jim knew he couldn’t stop now. He had to keep going. There were too many loose ends.
—There are still a few things we need to find out. Who’s fronting the operation? Who killed Erica’s husband? And who’s responsible for the harassment we’ve all been experiencing?
Allie pulled Jim aside and whispered.
—Is there any chance that Erica could have murdered her husband? There’s no doubt that she has the knowledge about the diving equipment. The inquiry confirmed that it was seals that were tampered with.
—We both know from experience anything is possible. But since meeting her living in a van with her daughter, I wouldn’t think so. Who would do that while sitting on a valuable property surrounded by two hotels?
—You’re right. I didn’t get that vibe either. Especially since the local PD and its officers are involved in the harassment we witnessed.
—Don’t be so fast to convict the department. Maybe it’s only a couple of locals who are trying to make a little extra cash by strong-arming a woman and her young daughter.
—Could be is right. I’m thinking they’re all the same. And the police department has been dragged into it and is definitely involved. Look at how that cruiser followed us, even past the city limits.
—We need to put our tailgate party on hold until we find out who’s behind everything. These two won’t be safe until we do.


Jim took another look at the deeds.
—Allie, is there any chance that these papers could be forged? In particular, the date it was recorded?
—It’s possible. The system has been computerized. It wouldn’t take much for someone to go into the file and do the editing to make it say whatever they wanted it to say.
—Which would mean that Erica wouldn’t be the owner after all.
Jim shook his head.
—I didn’t think it could be something that simple. Come on, we’re going back to the registry office. The local one. That has to be where it all began.
By the time Jim and Allie exited the registry office, they knew what and who was behind the scare tactics. A huge hotel conglomerate wanted all the land to build their hotels. All the property owners had been against it from the start. Eventually, they all sold, except for Erica’s husband.
He became convinced six months later by a fast-talking lawyer. He sold the land and took shares in the corporation. Unfortunately, through no fault of his own, the underfunded corporation declared bankruptcy, and he got stuck with some of the liabilities.
—It’s all worthless paper now. And you don’t own anything of value, Erica. It’s been bled dry.
—Then why are those people harassing me?
Allie put her arm around the woman.
—It’s because they fell for the paperwork the same way we did. Once they find out the truth, they’ll be done with you in a hurry. And the sooner that happens, the better.


Jim left copies of the titles at the police station. He was pretty certain they’d get passed on to the ringleaders. There was nothing more he felt he could do.
Allie was the one who wasn’t finished.
—Jim, I’ve talked to Harry about Erica and her qualifications as a dive instructor. He checked her out, and she’s legit.
He already knew what was coming next.
—The two of you have been talking about expanding the business for a while. Does this mean Erica has a job offer?
—She’ll have one when I talk to her about it.
It didn’t come as a complete surprise that Erica accepted the challenge of a new job in Panama Crossing. Lily came on board with nary a bit of hesitation. Her only condition was that she get to play with Zelda.
Zelda looked happy, too. She sat down. Her tail thumped against the ground in a steady rhythm. Her gaze shifted from one to the other in quick succession.
—Well then. I guess we’re ready for the long drive home.
—Yes we are, aren’t we, Lily? The sooner we can put all of this behind us, the better for my daughter and for me.
Zelda jumped into the van’s passenger seat to ride shotgun. Lily got in the back. Jim and Allie took the ride back to the Inn, checked out, and headed up the two-vehicle convoy that would lead to hearth and home.
###

More from P X Duke
Bank Robber Dames
This collection of short stories hits all the high spots-or the low spots, depending on one’s point of view. There’s a visit to a strip club off the 15 in Montana; an encounter with a hitch-hiker on the 10 in New Mexico; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; a smile from a reformed addict in North Dakota.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Bad Girls
Frank Ross’s phone rarely rings when he’s on the road. When it does, he usually lets whoever is on the other end go to voice mail. This time it’s different, and after hanging up, he forces himself to ride three hundred miles out of his way in the dark of night to get to a woman asking for his help. After a walk through a truck stop populated by lot lizards and their customers, Frank learns the truth about the lost soul he is helping to locate.

Midnight at the Oasis
Frank Ross is headed down Mexico way, but first he must escape the high desert and the clutches of a sweet-talking, nimble little thing that has spun her web and led him down the road to good intentions gone bad. Following a trial by fire, Frank manages to get back on the road, but not before narrowly escaping a damsel in much distress when he refuses to take her along for the ride.



About the author
Peter Duke's gypsy spirit has taken him to some strange places in the world, but now he's content to limit his adventures to riding a motorcycle and whatever he might encounter when he's on the road. Consequently, he's worked in bike shops doing odd jobs from planning and putting on rides down Mexico way, taking care of computer networking and security, and to picking up and delivering motorcycles from the El Lay basin to Las Vegas, among other things.
It’s pretty boring stuff, isn’t it?
He's ridden over a lot of North America at one time or another from Canada to Mexico, and from Atlantic to Pacific. By far his favorite ride is up and down the length of the Baja Peninsula, where the people are friendly, the sun always shines and it’s warm in the winter.
Of everything that he has experienced in his all-too-brief life, Africa is perhaps the greatest enigma. It's a beautiful continent, rich in people, nature and resources, yet poor in all of those areas, too.
There are some missing years in there, but he likes to think a little mystery is good for the soul.


https://pxduke.com

author@pxduke.com


