Heart Taker.
By T.K. Rittenhouse
Copyright 2014
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


Dedications
My greatest praise goes to God. He is the one who has given me the ability to do what I do. Without him, none of this would have been possible. All the glory goes to God.

There are some very nice folks who have walked with me through this book day after day. Listened to my ideas and helped me with their honest opinion. I’d like to thank the following friend who has been wonderful to keep my spirits high.
Rachel Goforth, a friend from work who followed my story as it progressed.


Tears of fear.

All around was laughter and music, the brightest white light imaginable filled the whole place. Everyone was reunited with their loved ones.  Caroline stood at the gate entrance greeting each newcomer as they entered. 
In the distance was a familiar sound, one she was all too familiar with. It was the sound of a child crying in misery and pain.  Looking to her left, hidden in the shadows, she saw a young boy of perhaps seven years old. 
“Come in, you’re welcome here!” Caroline called out.
“I can’t until my Dad is with me. I want us both to do it together. I found his body but it is missing something. It’s empty; there is no life at all in it. It’s nothing but a shell replied the boy.
“How did your Dad die?” 
“We were killed when some men broke into our home. I didn’t see what happened because I died first. When I awoke, I was here,” said the boy.
Caroline sighed, “I can’t come to you because I am the gate greeter. I have to stay close by to greet incoming souls. Perhaps a friend of mine who helped me can help you.  Their names are Kelly and Kansas Edmond. They live in Georgia. I attached myself to an old dresser they bought and they rescued me. Maybe they can rescue what your Dad is missing,” declared Caroline.
“Can I attach myself to that dresser?” asked the boy. 
“I don’t think it works that way, I think it must be something in your life that you attach to.  Do you have anything small that was special to you and your Dad?” asked Caroline. 
Digging through his pockets, he pulled out his wallet. Inside was a picture of him and his Dad.  Holding it up, he said, “Will this do?”
“That will work; now write your name on it in blood. You are now claiming it and attaching yourself to it,” declared Caroline.
Wiping blood from one of his wounds, he scribbled his name on the back of the picture with his finger.  Then he slid the picture back in the wallet. 
“Toss it to me and when you see the light that will shine behind you, go to it. They will be waiting for you. Don’t be afraid, they are kind people and very nice,” Caroline said.
The boy threw the wallet as hard as he could and it landed at Caroline’s feet. Picking it up, she waved goodbye to the boy and disappeared into the light.

Caroline returns.

“Nopie, come here!” shouted Caroline as she looked in every direction for him. Out of the shadows came a small childish-looking creature appeared. 
“Ah, there you are. I have an errand I need you to run. I need you to run this to Kelly Edmonds,” said Caroline.
Nopie sighed, “What is with you angels today? Every angel up here must have errands to run!”
“Nopie, why are you an errand boy?”
A sneered crossed Nopie’s face, which made his pointed ears look even longer. “Because I was neither bad enough to go to hell nor was I good enough to get into heaven.  The scales of justice were balanced between good and bad. You know Nopie is not my real name. It simply stands for No open place in eternity. I don’t fit in anywhere. Perhaps if I do more good than bad I’ll l get in one day. You should be proud to have met me. You know Nopies only come along on a rare occasion.”
“Now that we have that out of the way, take this wallet to Kelly Edmonds. When you get back, I’ll have you a little treat if you behave yourself,” promised Caroline.
“Has anyone ever told you that you’re a bit pushy little gal? Oh yeah, you do know I can’t go inside the house without an invitation. So where am I supposed to leave this?” asked Nopie.
“Put it in the mailbox along with this begonia flower. Then right back here, no fooling around!”
“Yes, nice lady,” Nopie said with a bit of sarcasm in his voice.
It was all Nopie could do to stay away from the bar on his way to deliver Caroline’s package. The neon lights called him, but with each step closer he could hear Caroline in his head, “No Fooling Around!”  That wasn’t the only deterrent, he wasn’t allowed in unless invited. No one was going to invite someone they couldn’t see.
Nopie grumbled to himself as he shoved the wallet and flowers in the mailbox and returned to eternity.  “Oh mighty nice woman, I have done as you asked. So where is my treat?”
Patting Nopie on the head, she handed him a lollipop. Nopie raised his brows, this is it? I was thinking more of a nice cold …..”
“Nopie!”
“What? I was going to say ice tea!”
“Of course you were, scoot now. I’m sure there are other angels who could use your talents.”
The beginning of a new mystery.

Kelly pulled on her hat to shield her from the downpour of rain as she walked to the mailbox. Reaching in, she pulled out the wallet and flowers, along with the mail. Shaking her head, she sighed and whispered Caroline’s name. Kelly ran to the house and tossed the mail on the table. Removing her drenched coat she took the flower and sniffed it. It brought back good and bad memories, more good than bad. There had remained a soft spot in her heart for Caroline. Laying the flower down, she reached for the wallet. It was a kid-sized wallet made of leather with the imprint of a horse on the front and back. Opening it, something rolled out and beneath the couch. Peering under the couch, she pulled out a plastic coin made to look like money. Returning to investigate the wallet she saw an identification card. Apparently, it had been written by an adult. It was written in cursive and had an address and the Childs name.  It read “Codas Jack Garlin, 727 Row street, Calhoun Georgia.” Digging deeper into the wallet Kelly found a picture of a boy and his father. Flipping it over she found the name Codas written in what appeared to be blood or a magic marker.  
Kelly rushed to her computer to see what she could find on the child. It was only seconds till she had the newspaper article. It read, “Last night, a father and son were murdered in their home.  The reason for the murder is unknown as there were no signs of anything being taken. The body of the father was mutilated. The child seems to have died from an overdose of insulin. At the present time, no suspects have been mentioned.”
“Well, that told me a lot!” Kelly said aloud in frustration.  Digging through her pocket, she found her cell phone and dialed Kansas.
“Hello?”
“Kansas, are you setting down,” asked Kelly.
“Should I be?”
You might want to when I tell you this. Caroline is back and this time she isn’t the one in need of help. Apparently, she is trying to help someone else. I found the wallet of a dead child and flowers in my mailbox. Can you come over for a bit?
“I’ll be over in fifteen, try not to touch the wallet, no more than you have to. Wouldn’t want your prints to mess up any that might be on it,” replied Kansas.
	Kelly stood at the door, sniffing the flower. Kansas shook his head as he approached. Kelly smiled and handed the flower to Kansas as he followed her inside.
		“So what do you think she wants us to do?” asked Kansas.
	“She has found someone she thinks we can help. I have no idea what this is about. I read that this child and his father were murdered, but there were no follow-ups on the case. I think we should contact Officer Glass and let him take it from here. The last thing we need is another little ghost around here,” stated Kelly.
	“I think it may be a little late for that Kelly,” said Kansas as he pointed to the computer screen. Help me please, slowly spelled out across the screen. 
	“I guess we can give it a try, you never know what can happen. Do you want to call Officer Glass?” asked Kelly.
	I think we should just drive down and see him in person. It doesn’t look good that we have suddenly found the property of a murdered child,” replied Kansas.
	

The bet.

Kelly and Kansas sat quietly as they both pondered the situation. As if they knew each other’s thoughts, they both said, “Just how do we explain this being in the mailbox?”
“I don’t think anyone is going to believe us if we tell them that Caroline sent it. Maybe we should say that some desperate person, read about us and sent it,” declared Kansas.
“Good point, let’s use that excuse. Did you eat dinner yet?” asked Kelly.
Kansas began to laugh, “I think you have a tapeworm the size of New Jersey. How often do you feed that thing?”
“He is a demanding little cuss; roughly he requires feeding every two or three hours. I’m pushing it with him; it’s already been four hours since he ate!” Kelly replied with a grin.
Officer Glass wasn’t hard to spot. His shiny bald head glistened beneath the florescent lights. His rosy red cheeks and flat nose were unmistakable. He was stuffed in his suit; it wouldn’t have hurt to have been one size larger.
Kelly and Kansas seated themselves in front of him and slid the bag that held the wallet across the desk.  Officer Glass lifted it from his desk and glanced over it. 
“What do we have here, another mystery,” Officer Glass asked?
Clearing his throat and running his fingers through his pitch-black hair, Kansas spoke up. “You could say that Kelly found this in her mailbox today. It may belong to a child who was murdered along with his father.
Officer Glass smiled and shook his head. “You know, you two seem to have a knack for mysteries appearing at your door. Any ideas as to why someone would bring this to your mailbox instead of the cops?”
“Not really, I guess the news about us helping find Caroline Reed got around. This case is several years old so maybe the family was hoping we could shed some light on it,” replied Kelly.
“I’ll do some checking to see if the murder was ever solved. I assume your contact information is the same as it was a year ago?”
Kansas and Kelly shook their heads yes and departed the building “A look of uncertainty crossed Kelly’s face as she slid into the passenger’s side of the truck. Kansas just looked at her in a puzzled manner.
“What?”
“Nothing,” Kelly replied.
“Don’t go there, you know how creepy it makes me feel! You were just a little girl and had an imagination that wouldn’t quit. There is, nor ever was anything weird about you Kelly. 
“Kansas you know as well as I do that strange things happened to me as a child! Remember when I told mom that old house we bought had money hidden in it, in coins, not cash. What did she find? What about seeing people die beforehand and trying to warn them? Like it or not, I’m not normal if there is such a thing.”
“I’m perfectly normal, and I refuse to believe we’re any different than anyone else. We’re just normal everyday folks!” declared Kansas.
“Now who is kidding themselves? Have you forgotten the night you were in trouble for picking on me and mom put you on the porch in the dark? We all heard you talking to someone.  When mom tried to get you to come inside you said you were talking to Grandma. You didn’t want to come in. She had to drag you inside. Grandma had been dead since you were nine,” stated Kelly.
Kansas cranked the truck and headed to the pizza joint where Kelly once worked. Plopping down in a booth, Kelly looked around. Things had changed so much since the new owner had taken over. The only familiar thing in the place was Amy, an employee. 
“Well, bless my heart; I see this good looking hunk of a brother of yours is still hanging out with you. Oh, what those bright blue eyes do to my little heart. Ok, enough teasing, how have you been?” asked Amy.
“We’re doing great; I have a new apartment and had enough insurance to replace what I lost in the fire. I’m working as the school librarian at the college on a part-time basis. Handsome here is till with the fire department, how about you,” asked Kelly.
Amy shrugged her shoulders and whispered, “I don’t care much for my new boss. He’s not very personable. Speaking of the devil, here he comes. So, what can I get you two today?”
“I think I want spaghetti and garlic bread. I want a soda, a great big one,” said Kelly.
“How about you Kansas,” asked Amy?
“I’ll take the same thing. They say garlic keeps the spirits away,” he said jokingly. 
“That only works on vampires Kansas!” replied Amy.


Unwelcome attention!

Kansas was just pulling into Kelly’s driveway when they noticed a police car waiting. As they pulled up a police officer climbed out of the car. He looked to be no more than twenty with a few freckles across his face. His carrot-colored hair made his pale skin stand out even more.  He was dressed in a uniform and had a paper in his hand. Kansas and Kelly climbed out and approached him.
“Can I help you,” asked Kelly?
“I need you to go with me to speak with Captain Osborn. He sent this letter to you,” said the Officer.
Taking the letter, she read it, then handed it to Kansas to read. “I don’t mind meeting with Captain Osborn. I’d rather we drive ourselves,” said Kelly.
“That would be fine, you can follow me,” replied the Officer. 
Kansas and Kelly climbed back into the truck and began to follow the Officer. “Does this make any sense to you? Officer Glass has turned this over to Captain Osborn,” Kansas said.
“Maybe they need an official statement. The letter just said there were details that we might be interested in. I don’t know why he would think we need to know the details. It’s his case, not ours!” declared Kelly.
“He may think we were involved in it somehow. You have to admit we are now on our second murder mystery out of the blue. I can’t blame him for being suspicious,” replied Kansas.
After parking their truck, the Officer escorted them to Captain Osborn’s office. He was a distinguished looking man of maybe early fifties. Salt and pepper hair and mustache. He looked to be physically fit and time had been kind to him. Not a wrinkle in sight.  His suit shouted tailor made along with his expensive shoes. On his wrist was a dazzling watch. His tie tack and cufflinks were shiny and gold. 
“Please be seated, I have a few questions I need to ask. Why do you think that this wallet was left in your mailbox?” Captain Osborn asked.
“We’ve been wondering that ourselves. All that we can think of is someone is hoping we can help solve this murder. We don’t know this child or his father and other than what little I found on the computer, we don’t know anything about them,” said Kelly.
“I assure you that this case was gone over with a fine tooth comb. Everyone involved was checked out. Every piece of evidence was thoroughly screened for clues. There are just some cases that can’t be solved. I hate to admit that, but sometimes we come to a standstill on a case. The murderer left nothing to give us any idea as to who he or they were. I brought you here to make you understand that there is no reason to waste your time on an unsolvable case,” assured Captain Osborn.
“What makes you think that we were going to check into these ourselves,” asked Kansas?
Captain Osborn chuckled, “I heard about how you unraveled the mystery of Caroline Reed. I know it’s tempting to help others but sometimes we are just spinning our wheels and justice never comes.”
“So you’re telling us that this case isn’t worth another look into?” said Kelly.
“I’m telling you that I don’t have the budget or the manpower to let go of on a case that’s this old with no new leads.”
“What if we could find some new evidence, would you look into it then?” Kelly asked.
“I assure you, you won’t!”
“Would you like to bet on that? Say a nice hot steak dinner to the winner?” said Kelly.
Captain Osborn began to laugh out loud. “I can see that you’re a bit feisty. I can also see you like to feed others.  Fine, I’ll give you the report to look over but it can’t leave my office. Let’s say two weeks max and if you haven’t found new evidence, you feed me. You best start saving your pennies, I am a big eater!”
 Pushing the file toward Kelly, Captain Osborn sniggered and left the room.
“Girl, you are going to push too hard one of these days and get us in deep water!” said Kansas.
“Probably, grab a pencil and paper and start making notes. I’ll take one page while you work on another.”
“Wouldn’t it be easier to just take pictures with our phones?” questioned Kansas.
“Why didn’t I think of that?”
“You were too busy pushing Captain Osborn’s buttons to the max!”
It wasn’t easy to look at the murder scene photos. Blood splattered everywhere and the remains of a savage attack on the father were disgusting.  Codas lay limp beside his Dad, but there appeared to be no blood on him outside of a nose bleed. Once all the pictures of all the evidence were taken, Kelly and Kansas departed.
The ride had been silent most of the way. “STOP!” screamed Kelly as she pointed to the local drug store.
“What the devil? What’s wrong?” Kansas asked as he pulled into the parking lot of the drug store.
“We have to get the pictures developed! They have that instant processing machine. We can take the sd cards out of our phones and print the pictures,” proclaimed Kelly excitedly.
The line to use the developing machine was a mile long. Kelly stood twisting her long curly brown hair and squirming. Kansas read the articles in a magazine someone had left lying on the floor. Finally they had their turn. There were a total of ten pages of documentation and eight murder scene photos.  Kelly examined each one for clarity. When finished the bill was thirty six dollars. Kelly looked at Kansas and smiled, “So big brother, can you get this, I left my credit card at home.”
Kansas just growled and patted Kelly on the head. Once they were in the truck, Kelly began searching the documents. “It says here that the boy had Asperger syndrome. He was also diabetic. The murderer took his father’s heart. Why would anyone do that?”
“I don’t know. Some people are just mean and do it for kicks. What does the autopsy report say?” Kansas asked.
Flipping through the pictures, Kelly found the one she needed. “It says the boy had a fatal dose of insulin and the father had a drug called Atracurium Besylate.  I have no idea what that is.”
“I know what it is; it’s what they use to put people to sleep before surgery. It relaxes the body and kills pain. Kelly whoever did this had to have some medical knowledge. If it was just a random killing, what are the chances that the killer would have medical training? For that matter, that drug isn’t something you can just walk into a store and buy!”
“It says here that the ex-wife was brought in for questioning. Maybe we can talk to her and see if she has any ideas about what happened. She is located here in Calhoun. I’ll see if I can find an address on my phone's browser. What did we do before the internet and all the electronics?” said Kelly.
“Personally, I liked it better before all this fancy stuff. Electronics and I don’t get along very well at all. That’s why I don’t have a computer!” Kansas replied with a sneer. 
“I found it, Shelly Garlin, 102 Breakford road. It’s about four miles up the road and on the right.”
Turning onto the road, there were rows of houses that all looked alike. Simple brick apartments and from the way the neighborhood looked, it was low-income housing. Kelly and Kansas drove slowly till they found the right apartment.
Kelly knocked softly on the door. Kansas waited patiently and after a few moments, he knocked a bit harder. The door opened and there stood a woman who appeared old for her age. The report said she was in her late twenties but she looked every bit of forty. She was boney and pale with red hair that was cut like a boy.
“Can I help you?”
“Hi, my name is Kelly and this is my brother Kansas. We are looking for Shelly Garlin.”
“I’m Shelly, What can I help you with?”
“We’re trying to find out about your son and ex-husband's murder. I know it’s a painful memory and I wouldn’t ask if I had another way,” Kelly said softly.
Shelly nodded her head and invited them in. The room was sparsely decorated. A collection of prescription bottles covered an end table. Beside the recliner was an oxygen tank with a mask dangling from it. Shelly seated herself in the recliner and Kansas and Kelly took a seat on the faded green couch. 
“As you can see, my life is a mess. I’ve done so many things I regret; mostly not being there for Codas when he needed me. I was so strung out on drugs and alcohol that I couldn’t take care of myself, must less a child. My priorities were so screwed up at that time. Now I live off of this oxygen tank and those pills. I have wasted away my life and broken down my body. I know it’s not an excuse, but it is what it is.”
“Shelly do you know anyone who would want to hurt your ex or your son?” asked Kelly.
“No, he was a good father and a good provider. He was laid back and easy going. He was always there for Codas and Codas was his life literally. He was so careful with the child. 
“What about life insurance, do you know if he had any?” inquired Kansas?
“Yeah, he had some, but his crooked lawyer was the beneficiary of it. He demanded that Jack take out a policy in case he died before he got his bill paid off,” stated Shelly.
“Wow, I never heard of anyone doing that before! Do you remember the name of the lawyer?” inquired Kelly.
“It was Chandler Wallace, he has this fancy law firm uptown. He and his son are both in the same building. It was the old man Wallace that was Jack’s lawyer. Now, if you don’t mind, I need to lie down,” Shelly said as she rose from the recliner and headed toward the bedroom. 
“Thank you for your help, Shelly. If we find out anything we’ll let you know if you would like us to.”
“Thank you, I would like to know, I wasn’t much of a mom, but it doesn’t mean I don’t care.”
Honey lips filled with deceit.

The building itself made your skin crawl. Its cold atmosphere radiated throughout the building. Expensive paintings hung on the wall and everything else was dark brown leather. The color scheme was dreary and even the cream-colored walls couldn’t warm the place. Walking up to a small window, Kelly waited for the receptionist.
It was all Kelly could do not to laugh as the receptionist headed in her direction. She was extremely short with purple hair that stood on end as if she had been electrified. Her thick-rimmed glasses and beady eyes made for a strange appearance.
	“Can I help you?”
	“Yes, we're looking into the murder of one of Mr. Wallace’s clients. Could you see if he has a few moments to spare? We will be brief, it’s only a few questions,” said Kelly.
	“One moment please.”
	The receptionist made a call and then motioned for Kelly and Kansas to follow her. She led them down the hallway and opened the door into an office that was empty. “Mr. Wallace will be here shortly.”
	The opening of a door announced Mr. Wallace’s arrival. He looked as if he had just eaten a bowl of lemons, sour and irritated. His hair was snow white and his voice was gruff sounding. “So why are you looking into a murder? Are you detectives?”
	“No, we’re just ordinary people that someone has asked for help,” replied Kanas.
	“Who is seeking your help and why?”
“Honestly, we don’t know. Someone left an item of Codas Garlin’s in Kelly’s mailbox. All we can figure out is since we helped solve another murder; they thought we might be able to help,” replied Kansas.
“I see, so how can I help you?”
“Since you were his lawyer, we thought you might have his financial records. I know when you are in a divorce situation that everything is up for grabs. We just wanted to see if there was anything to grab,” replied Kelly.
“I see no harm in giving you his records since he is deceased. I’ll have my receptionist run you off a copy. Is there anything else I can do for you?”
“No, that should do it. We appreciate your help and time,” Kansas said.
Good to his word, the receptionist had the papers waiting as they were ready to leave. Kansas pulled out onto the road while Kelly glanced over the papers. 
“I can’t believe he gave these to us. I guess he either wants us out of his hair or he is getting senile. I’m pretty sure that you’re not supposed to let anyone have these. By looking at Jack’s financial statement, he was in debt up to his ears. He had medical bills that he couldn’t pay off even if he lived to be a hundred. The fees for the lawyer were over $10, 000 dollars,” stated Kelly.
“So what does that tell us,” asked Kansas?
“Good question, let me think about it a while. For now, let’s go get some food for my tapeworm!”
“You better hope that when you hit the middle-age spread, that your tapeworm has died. If not, you’re going to have to buy sheets and stitch them up to go around you!”
“You’re just jealous because I can eat you under the table and you’re a boy!”
“I am not a boy, I’m a man!”
“Yeah, you’re a skinny mini-man,” teased Kelly.
“I am sure at some point in life mom prayed for me to learn patience, and then came you! I need to get ready for work tomorrow, so we’ll get dinner to go. How about fish for a change, I’ve had all the burgers I can stand!”
“My tapeworm isn’t picky, if it’s not tied down, he will eat almost anything,” joked Kelly.
The evening was approaching and along with it a thunderstorm. Lightning flashed in the distance and a faint hint of thunder could be heard. Gathering their papers and food, Kansas and Kelly headed inside.  They had barely gotten seated when the lights began to flicker. Kelly went to the kitchen and returned with a large candle. Lighting it, she smiled, “Just in case we lose power I can continue to eat.
“Yeah, wouldn’t want your tapeworm to die from starvation!”
Another loud pop of thunder and the lights went out. Kelly and Kansas laughed. Does this remind you of something?” asked Kelly.
“Yeah, when we use to sit in the dark with a flashlight and tell ghost stories,” replied Kansas.
“Hey, I forgot the ketchup, I’ll be right back. Do you need anything while I’m in the kitchen?” asked Kelly.
“No, I think I’m good.”
Kelly had been gone less than a minute when Kansas spotted her moving in the shadows. The bath towel rose and appeared to float in the dim light. “Cute Kelly, now eat before the food gets cold.”
Sticking her head around the corner she said, “Did you say something?”
Clearing his throat, Kansas pointed at the pale image of a boy that was approaching him. He wore the bath towel around his shoulders as if he was cold. “I think we have company, Kelly.
 Hello Codas, I’m Kansas and the other person here is Kelly.”
A small voice replied, “Can you help me?”
Kelly sat down and pulled out the chair next to her. “Codas would you like to sit down?”
As quickly as the lights had gone out, the lights came back on and Codas disappeared. Kelly and Kansas finished eating and waited to see if Codas showed himself again.
 “Kelly I can’t leave you here alone with our little visitor. Go dig out my blanket and pillow. I’ll crash on the sofa and turn on some cartoons for Codas to watch while we sleep.”
The cartoons had made the perfect babysitter. Now and then a giggle could be heard, otherwise it was peaceful. Kansas and Kelly fell fast asleep.
Morning came too quickly. Kelly had just gotten the coffee on when she heard a crash. The lamp on the end table lay on the floor in pieces. The sound of a child crying a pathetic cry, resonated in the room. 
Kelly raced over to the broken lamp and begin picking the pieces up. “Codas, it’s ok. We all have accidents, no one is mad. Please stop crying it really is ok. I can get another lamp. It’s not important.”
The crying stopped and the towel began to rise. Soon it took the shape of a child hiding beneath it. Kelly finished getting the glass up and then sat in front of the towel.  Reaching out, Kelly tickled Codas through the towel. Soon the sound of laughter could be heard coming from beneath the towel. 
Kansas had been watching from the doorway going into the kitchen. He smiled as he watched the connection Kelly had made with Codas. She would make a good mom he thought.
“Hey, are you two kids hungry?” asked Kansas. 
“Wally is,” said Kelly.
“Wally? Who is that?”
I figured since you're always teasing me about my tapeworm I’d give him a legitimate name!
“Well, if Wally and you will help me, we can throw some breakfast together.”
Kelly patted Codas on the head and headed to the kitchen. The towel rose and went into the bedroom. It fell to the floor and the bedsheets rose. The sound of weight being put on the mattress could be heard as the covers went back up on the bed.
“I guess Codas is ready for a nap,” stated Kelly.
Nopie’s mischievousness pays off.

Nopie stood outside heaven’s gate and motioned for Caroline to come closer. The way Nopie was acting told it all. He had been doing something he wasn’t supposed to be doing. 
“You’re in trouble, aren’t you Nopie?” asked Caroline.
“Yes and no, I did a bad thing and hung around to watch what Kelly and Kansas were doing. I never went inside though. There was a man who went in who doesn’t live there. He was a big man with a beard; he was covered in cool tattoos. He went in the back door and wasn’t there long. I have a bad feeling about this!”
“It does sound suspicious. You did break the rules, but for once it may have been a good bad thing you did. That didn’t make much sense, did it? I mean, your bad thing may have been a good thing,” said Caroline.
“Nopie is afraid that this bad thing will make the scales of good and evil tilt toward evil. Nopie doesn’t like that evil place!”
“Don’t worry about that, I’m about to assign you a task that will level things up again. I want you to go back and JUST watch what is happening. If you absolutely have to help Kelly and Kansas do it. I will take responsibility for your actions, ONLY if it is a must. No goofing off or you know what will happen. I am sending a note to Kelly and Kansas. Place the note under the front door. I will be watching from here since I know something isn’t right. Go now, take care to do the right thing and give this note to them as instructed,” ordered Caroline.
Nopie was thrilled to get to go back and watch. His curiosity was like that of a cat. As a matter of fact, that is what got him taken from the earth. He got too curious about how many times he could cheat death as a stunt man. The only advantage he now had was that he couldn’t die again! 
Kansas sat sipping his coffee; the crunching of paper got his attention as it made its way beneath the door. Reaching out Kansas took it. Looking down, Kansas spewed his coffee across the table. “Kelly! I think you need to come here now!”
Kelly appeared from her bedroom, a questioning look on her face. “What?”
Kansas handed the note to Kelly. It read, “Friends, someone has been in your house. Look around for something that doesn’t belong to you.  If you need help just call out the name Nopie and he will be there. Thanks for your help, love Caroline.”
“I told you that Caroline had something to do with this! What is a Nopie?” asked Kelly.
Standing, Kansas sighed. I think we better start looking for something that isn’t ours. I’ll start in the kitchen, you take the bedroom.”
It sounded as if a wrecking crew was taking the house apart. Pans were being tossed, glasses shuffled, drawers rustled through. Nothing was found in any room of the house. Standing among the disaster, Kelly shrugged her shoulders. Kansas, in turn, ran his hands through his dark black hair and shook his head.
A knock on the door brought everything to a halt. Kansas peeked out the window and turned to Kelly. “There are two cops outside and one of them has a dog with him. 
“Drugs, someone has put drugs in the house somewhere! What do we do?” asked Kelly.
“What can we do, they aren’t going to go away. I just hope the dog has a stuffy nose today. I’ll answer the door, just don’t get excited and go crazy on them. They are just doing their job,” warned Kansas.
Kansas opened the door to be greeted by a large cop holding a search warrant.  Kelly seated herself on the couch and watched as the cops filed in.
“I’m Officer Brock. It looks like a bomb went off in here. Did you lose your drugs before you could sell them?” he said sarcastically.
Kelly bolted off the couch and in the Officer's face. Looking up at him she smiled, “Look around you, does this look like a drug dealer home? Do you see any fancy high dollar goodies? No! Everything is second hand or hand me downs!”
Kansas quickly grabbed Kelly and pulled her away from the cop. “Is this what you call “not” going crazy? Don’t make things any worse than they are now!”
“Maybe I should call you know who!”
“What?”
“Nopie come to help us,” Kelly whispered.
“The Officer is going to bring in the drug dog. Please don’t make any sudden moves. Just sit down on the couch and remain quiet,” ordered Officer Brock.
As the dogs came in, Kelly hoped that Codas wouldn’t get excited and approach them. Then again, that might mess with their heads. The dog started sniffing in the back of the house and worked its way toward Kelly and Kansas. Nearing Kelly’s inkjet printer he stopped and suddenly walked away shaking his head. The handler knelt down to speak to the dog. The dog walked to the door and whined.
“I’ve never seen this happen before. I guess there are no drugs to be found,” said the handler. 
Officer Brock removed his hat and tucked it under his arm. “I’m sorry about this folks; I guess we got a bad tip. Have a nice day.”
“Wow, I wonder what that was about?” said Kansas.
“That was weird! It was like the dog saw a ghost or something weird,” stated Kelly.
“I’ve been called many things, but weird isn’t one of them,” said a voice from the corner of the room. Nope leaned against the wall, grinning from ear to ear. “That dog was so much fun to mess with!”
Kansas and Kelly looked at each other in amazement. A half-naked, pointed ear something stood before them. Unsure whether to hug Nopie or run, they waited to see what happened next.
“I’m Nopie, Caroline sent me to keep an eye on things. Guess I got here just in time!”
Kelly approached Nopie with her hand extended. Touching him, Nopie giggled loudly. “I don’t mean to sound mean, but what are you?” asked Kelly.
‘Oh great, here we go again with the explanations. I’m a Nopie which stands for No Open Place In Eternity. When I was judged, the scales balanced. I was neither good enough nor bad enough to enter either place for eternity. I’m stuck being an errand boy for the angels for eternity.”
Kelly wrapped her arms around Nopie and squeezed him tightly. Nopie giggled and hugged her back. “So where are the drugs?” asked Kelly.
“Inside your printer is a fat bag of heroin. You know we could sell that and make some nice investments in some new clothes. I don’t think you can have me running around in my diaper thingy,” said Nopie as he pointed to his attire.
“Can anyone see you now?” asked Kansas.
“No, no one but you and Kelly, and other spiritual beings. Please let me stay, I haven’t been out in the world for decades. I promise not to get in trouble.”
“Maybe you can play with Codas while we try to figure out what to do with the drugs,” said Kansas.
Kelly was taking the printer apart, gasping, she pulled out a bag of heroin. “Wow, I bet that would have sent us to jail for a long time. I wish I knew who put it here!”
“Nopie knows and would probably be willing to tell if he could have some clothes and leave the house.”
Kansas grabbed Nopie’s left pointed ear and pulled on it till Nopie squealed.  “Alright, you win, he was a big man with a beard; he was covered in cool tattoos. He snuck in through the back door. That is why Caroline sent me, to warn you,” whimpered Nopie.
Kansas let go of Nopie’s ear and turned to face Kelly. “You know, since their plan failed, they aren’t going to give up this much heroin with no results. They will be back for it. We need to take it to Officer Glass and tell him what happened.”
“We can’t do that, if we do, we are still risking being arrested. We can hide it somewhere and make an anonymous call to the newspaper office and tell them where it is. They will contact the cops and it will make the papers. The person who put it here will then know that we don’t have it,” replied Kelly.
“Amazing! You have the brains and good looks too Kelly. You hot little momma,” said Nopie with a grin.
Kansas begins to laugh uncontrollably. “How does it feel to have a flirty imp in love with you Kelly?”
Shaking his skinny finger at Kansas, Nopie stated, “I am not an imp, I’m much more impressive!”
Kelly laughed and went to wash the bag of heroin off with a washcloth. She made sure not to touch any part of the bag she had cleaned. Slipping on gloves she dried it down and wrapped it in a hand towel.
“So where do we hide it?” asked Kelly.
“What about in the parking lot of the police station? We could wait till dark and go in to see Officer Glass, they are so used to us coming and going, it wouldn’t look suspicious,” said Kansas.
“That would work; I could go in while you hide it somewhere outside. That is a good idea, big brother.
The day seemed to drag by. Every passing car or siren sent Kansas or Kelly to peek out the window.  Nopie spent the day watching TV with Codas. Nopie seemed to be an excellent babysitter. The night finally arrived and Kansas and Kelly left to head to the police station.
“Are you nervous, Kelly?”
“Yeah, my hands and feet are sweating like crazy. I feel like an elephant is sitting on my chest, how about you?”
“I never messed with drugs and this makes me uneasy also. I never understood anyone wanting to harm their mind or body with this stuff. I just want to get rid of it!”
Kansas brought the truck to a stop and squeezed Kelly’s hand. “Go make nice with Officer Glass and give me about ten minutes to do this.”
Kelly climbed out of the truck and headed in the front door. Officer Glass was heading out the door just as Kelly entered.
“Well, this worked out well,” said Kelly.
Officer Glass smiled, “So what brings you out this evening?”
“I just wanted to ask you what you know about that Captain Osborn?”
“Nothing really, he is the Officer that was listed on the report on the Garlin case. Why do you ask?” inquired Officer Glass.
“Well, when we went to see him, he acted as if he had no interest in solving this case. He practically told us we were wasting our time. Perhaps it’s just me, but he acted strangely as if he was hiding something. Do you know a lawyer named Chandler Wallace?” asked Kelly.
“That’s the one you should be cautious of. I’ve heard he is dirty but never been caught. That’s the hard part of putting a lawyer in jail. They know every loophole available to squirm out of things. I don’t know him personally, but I’ve heard a lot of things that put him in a negative light. Where is your sidekick?”
“He wasn’t feeling good, ate something that didn’t agree with him. Kelly glanced over at the clock on the wall, five minutes had passed.
“I’m heading home tonight, but I’ll see what I can find out tomorrow.”
“You still have my phone number right?”
“Kelly, do you think I’d lose your phone number? You and Kansas keep me running so I keep your number close to my vest as they say.”
Kelly laughed and opened the door for Officer Glass. Looking around, she saw Kansas parked halfway down the parking lot. She forced herself to walk at a steady pace and not to run. She didn’t want to look like anything was out of the normal. Climbing in the truck she sighed. 
“Where did you hide it?” Kelly asked.
“See that streetlight up next to the trash can beside the entrance to the front door? There was a chunk of cement, broken loose at the base. I shoved it inside that and pushed the cement back against it.”
“Great, let’s call the newspaper and get this over with. I think the Shopper’s Palace down the road has a payphone we can use. I brought gloves to use when we make the call,’ said Kelly.
“I was thinking, instead of the newspaper; let’s call the local TV station. That way there is no way the incident can be missed. I brought a hoodie for me to wear when I make the call. You never know if there is a video camera around. I’m going to park a block away and walk to the phone,” announced Kansas.
Kelly watched as Kansas walked into the darkness of the night and faded from view. His black hoodie mingled in great with the colors of the night. Kelly looked down at her watch and began counting off the minutes. Twenty minutes later the truck door opened. Kansas was back and smiling.
“No one was around, that place was as dead as a doornail. I made the call so now let’s watch the show.”
Every light in the house was on. Opening the door, the smell of fresh-baked cookies filled the air. Nopie sat on the couch watching cartoons and right beside him sat Codas. Codas looked as if he’d just stepped out of the shower and was wearing one of Kelly’s tee shirts. His blonde hair was slicked back. 
Kelly smiled at Nopie and Nopie winked at her. “I made some cookies, would you and Kansas like one. I saved some for you!”
“You amaze me Nopie, you cook and make a fantastic nanny.  You even cleaned Codas up!” declared Kelly.
You would have made someone a wonderful wife!” replied Kansas with a grin.
Kelly cleared her throat, “Sorry boys, but I have to change the channel.”.The local channel had wasted no time in getting to the hideout. Police officers wandered around the area as the reporter informed the public of the phone call. The deed was done and now no one should bother Kelly or Kansas since they no longer had possession of the drugs. 
The Threat.

A day of stress had come and gone. Kelly dressed and headed to work. The library was empty except for one patron who was sitting in the corner table. He looked ragged and dirty, his appearance was not that of a college student. His age appeared to be in his early thirties. He was sitting there texting and ignoring her presence. 
It was as if an explosion of people hit the front door.  The clanging of books being dumped into the return bin echoed in the silent room. Students were running here and there and the sound of hushing rebounded. 
 The rest of the day was chaotic! Phones ringing constantly and trying to get the mountain of books put back on the shelves. Kelly was finally at the bottom of the return bin when she saw an envelope with her name on it. Prying it open she read, “Smart, your little trick was intelligent. It doesn’t mean you’re safe. Keep looking over your shoulder. I’ll be there soon!”
Kelly shoved the letter in her pocket. She couldn’t call the cops because they would want to know what was meant about “The trick, ” and that could cause more problems than help. Kelly finished her day and headed home. 
Kansas had gotten to Kelly’s a few minutes early and sat on the couch with Nopie watching TV. Kelly looked like a ghost as she entered the room. All the color in her face was gone. Kansas quickly stood up and walked to her. 
“What’s wrong Kelly?”
“I found this in the book return today. He came in and left this without anyone noticing.”
Kansas read the letter and shook his head. “We have to go talk to Officer Glass. I know it may mean some awkward questions headed our way. We have no choice now, we have to trust someone.”
“I’ll call him and see if he can come over here,” replied Kelly.
As the phone rang, Kelly rehearsed what she was going to say.
 “Officer Glass, may I help you?”
“This is Kelly Edmonds. Could you come to my house, I have something I need to discuss with you in private.”
“Alright, I’ll be over in about an hour. I have to finish something here first and as soon as I’m done, I’ll head over your way.”
“Thank you, see you shortly.”
Kelly and Kansas seated themselves at the kitchen table. Kelly looked over the documents the lawyer had given them. Jack Garlin owed Codas’s doctors 40,000 dollars in medical bills Jack’s income showed he made around 35,000 a year. There was no way this man would have ever been out of debt. 
“When Officer Glass leaves, provided he doesn’t arrest us, let’s go see Codas’s doctor. Maybe he can tell us a little more about Codas and his father. I know when I’m at my doctors I tell him things I wouldn’t admit to anyone else,” said Kelly.
Tick tock, tick tock, the second hand on the clock gave Kansas the feeling of a never-ending day. Forty-five minutes had passed. Kansas agonized over the upcoming visit with Officer Glass. Kelly stared intently at the computer screen as she looked for the doctor listed on Codas’s paperwork. 
“I found him, the doctor I mean. His office is here in town. Dr. Jake Eagleston works with children with multiple disabilities.” said Kelly.
The sound of a car pulling in the driveway brought Kelly and Kansas out of their seats and to the window. Officer Glass had arrived. Kelly met him at the door with her brightest smile. “Come on in, it’s good to see you.”
Nopie hid behind the bedroom door and listened to the conversation. He wanted to join the group but knew it was best if he stayed out of sight. 
Officer Glass seated himself on the couch and waited. Coughing into his hand, Kansas cleared his throat. 
“Officer Glass you know Kelly and me and you know us to be honest. I was hoping not to have to tell you this, but it seems our plan hasn’t worked out well. The drugs that were found outside your building was put there by us. We found the drugs in Kelly’s printer, it wasn’t ours. When we found it, we thought we could get it on the news and the person who planted it would leave us alone.”
Officer Glass scooted to the edge of the couch, “I see what you were trying to do, but why didn’t you just bring it in?”
“Truthfully, we weren’t sure who we could trust. The only reason we called you is that we trust you and you alone.”
“I suppose I’m going to find your fingerprints on the plastic bag the drugs are in?”
Kelly shook her head no, “I wiped it clean.”
“Kelly, you do realize that not only did you wipe your fingerprints off, but you also wiped “all” the prints off!” stated Officer Glass.
“Not one of my brightest moments,” she replied as she handed him the envelope. “This was left where I work. I don’t know if there is anything on it that will help though.”
“I don’t want to open it and add to the fingerprints. What does it say?” asked Officer Glass as he gently placed it in his pocket.
“Basically, it’s another warning. The library was full so I have no idea who left it. There was this one guy that stood out. He was dirty, ragged clothes and acting strangely. He didn’t look like a college student. He looked more like a homeless person,” stated Kelly.
Officer Glass stood and headed toward the door. Stopping, he turned, “If this guy comes back in, call me immediately. I’ll send an officer over to pick him up for questioning. If you’re dealing with someone who can afford to toss around that many drugs, they are well off. Keep your eyes open and don’t trust anyone. 
The only remedy for a stressful day was a peaceful night of rest. Everyone settled in and left the worries of the day in the darkness of night. Morning came knocking at her usual time. Kelly leaped out of bed and headed to the phone.
“Dr. Eagleston's office, may I help you?” 
“Hello, my name is Kelly Edmonds and I am working on a murder investigation. One of Dr’ Eagleston's patients was the victim and I wanted to ask him a few questions. Can you advise me on when I can visit him?”
“Hold on, please. I’ll speak to him and be back.”
A few moments later the receptionist returned. “Dr. Eagleston said that if you could come by the office at 5:30 this evening, he should be able to speak to you.”
“Thank you, we will be there and let him know we appreciate his time.”
Nopie began jumping up and down. “Can I go too? I need to see something besides this house and four walls. I won’t be any trouble, I promise!”
We can’t take you out, someone might see you!” exclaimed Kelly.
“I can see that you have no idea what a NOPIE really is. Let me explain it to you. Only you and Kansas can see me. The only reason you and he can see me is that you are my assignment. Let me show you something.” Nopie walked over to the closet and put on one of Kelly’s blouses. “What do you see?” asked Nopie.
“I see you wearing my shirt!” replied Kelly.
“Now use your camera on your phone and take a picture and tell me what you see,” said Nopie.
Kelly took the picture and gasped. “All I see is my shirt hanging in midair. So you are telling me that if you are dressed I and Kansas can see you, but everyone else would only see the clothes moving?
“Yes, they can’t even see my diaper. It’s not made from tangible material. It, like me, is formed from a purely spiritual material.”
“Does that mean that if you were naked, we’d see your, well you know what?”
“No, Nopie’s don’t have, you know whats. 
Kelly sighed, “Oh, thank goodness!”
“Hey, watch it!” shouted Nopie.
Kansas had held it as long as he could. He suddenly burst into laughter. “I’m sorry Nopie, this conversation just hit me funny. 
“Now that we have that straightened out, how about Codas, can anyone besides us see him?” asked Kelly.
“Animals and babies can but not adults. Adult’s minds are too full of doubt. Unless they can touch it, they don’t believe in it. Well, except a few elderly folks who are heading into their second childhood,” declared Nopie.
“So Nopie, if I understand you correctly, you are invisible to everyone but Kansas and me?”
“Exactly!” replied Nopie.
Well, that certainly put the idea of dressing you and taking you out, out of the question. You’d draw attention like a bow-legged man wearing hot pink high heels! If we take you out it will have to be as you are so no one can see you,” announced Kansas. 
“Hey, I can live with that! ”
Kelly sighed, “I have one more question, can I trust you? I mean, if I’m in the shower do I have to worry that you’re going to become a peeping Tom?”
“I must say the idea is appealing, but I don’t think it’s worth making the scales tilt in a bad way. I prefer to work toward tilting things in the best way so I can get inside heavens gates.”
Dr. Eagleston’s office looked like a zoo from the outside. There were fenced in goats, lambs, ducks and a lama roaming around. Children stood outside the gates petting and feeding them. Inside was a medley of colors on the walls. It was very childlike in every way. Even the receptionist wore brightly colored scrubs with an animal print. 
“Hi, we have an appointment to speak with Dr. Eagleston this evening. My name is Kelly and this is my brother, Kansas. We are here to discuss one of his deceased patients.
Extending her hand, the receptionist smiled, “I’m Dedra, Dr. Eagleston will be done with his last patient shortly. Please take a seat and I’ll let him know you are here.”
A half an hour passed and as the last child exited the building, a man in a brightly colored red vest, blue jeans, and a cowboy hat entered the room.
“I am Dr. Eagleston, can I help you two?”
“Yes, we’re here to talk to you about Codas Garlin,” stated Kelly.
“You are aware that I can’t go into great detail about Codas without his mother’s consent? I can give you a limited amount of information. What is it that you need to know?”
“How bad was Codas’s Asperger?” asked Kelly.
“He was mildly affected by it. He could do almost anything other children could do. There were some areas he was more intelligent than the average child. His worse affliction was his obsessive nature. If he liked something, that would be all he was interested in for long periods of time. An example would be if he was into race cars, that is all he would talk about. He would be interested in everything to do with them. He’d want to know every detail no matter how minuscule. His vocabulary was exceptional and his comprehension was remarkable. His diabetes was more troublesome than his Asperger. It was hard to control even with diet and insulin.
“Could he check his own blood sugar and give himself insulin?” asked Kansas.
“No, he was still too young to put that responsibility on. Sometimes he would transpose numbers, so if it read 113 he would say it was 311. He could have easily killed himself by taking too much insulin. As a matter of fact, that is exactly what did kill him,” declared Dr. Eagleston.
“That is a little weird don’t you think? I mean he dies from something that is meant to save his life. If his father hadn’t been murdered, he would probably be accused of harming his child. That is scary just to think about. Can you tell us if anyone besides his father administered his insulin?” asked Kelly.
“The school nurse, his babysitter, his mom when she was around which wasn’t much. His mom did give him too much once, but they got him to the hospital in time to get his glucose back up. I don’t think that she was allowed to give him his meds. She was allowed to give him his hydrocodone,” said Dr. Eagleston.
“Hydrocodone, what was he on that for?” inquired Kansas.
“Codas would get migraines sometimes. If he got really frustrated about something he would have one. I’ve often wondered if that might have been what got them murdered. The street value of that medication is unreal. It’s very addictive,” replied Eagleston.
Extending her hand, Kelly thanked the doctor for his time and they left. Kelly sat quietly with her head leaning against the window. 
“He wasn’t much help was he?” asked Kansas.
“Yes, he was, he said it was addictive and worth a lot on the streets. Who do we know who was an addict? Shelly Garlin! If she wasn’t taking the meds, she could have sold them on the streets to make money. We need to find out where she was the night of the murder,” declared Kelly with excitement.
“If the cops interviewed her that night, there should be some record of it in that paperwork that Osborn gave us. Did you see anything?” asked Kansas.
Kelly’s eyes grew wide, “Not a thing, that doesn’t make sense. The family is always the first people they interview. We need to find out why she wasn’t interviewed!”
It was too quiet; there were hardly any lights on in the house. Easing the door open, Kelly stepped in with Kansas at her side. Beneath the sheets on her bed, a light glowed dimly. Jerking the covers back, Kelly burst into laughter. Codas sat watching Nopie as he ran his finger up his nose, and out the back of his head while rolling his eyes. Kansas just stared and shook his head, “Now that is disgusting!” he said.
“No, it’s not, that is the coolest thing I’ve ever seen! Look, Codas is smiling too, he must think it’s pretty funny also. 
Nopie giggled and winked at Kelly. Kelly covered them back up and went to raid the refrigerator. 
Kansas flopped down on the couch and sniggered. Kelly peeked around the refrigerator door. “I knew it! You thought it was funny too! You can’t help but love him, he is so strange in a cuddly kind of way,” proclaimed Kelly.
“Yeah, he’s like mold, he grows on you!” chuckled Kansas.
“Hey, I heard that! I don’t have big ears for no reason you know. Now let’s get back to that LOVEEE part again, shouted Nopie!
Everyone laughed and Kelly plopped down a loaf of bread, some mayo, and bologna on the table. “Supper! Come and get it.”
Kansas sat down and began to make himself a sandwich. “Hey, where are the chips?”
“I ate them all yesterday, this is as good as it gets big brother.”
“I sure am glad that spirits don’t eat, they’d starve to death living with you!”
With a mouth full of food, Kelly jumped up and ran, jerked the covers back and drug Nopie into the kitchen. “You said no one can see you but us, right?”
“Right!”
“So if we could get you an invite into Shelly Garlin's apartment, you could snoop around a bit!
“Yes, yes, let me snoop around, I’m the best snooper you will ever find. I’d do anything to get out of this house for a bit. Just point me in the direction!” shouted Nopie excitedly.
“What about Codas, I have to be at work soon and we can’t leave him alone,” declared Kansas.
“Take him to work with you, I bet he’d love to see a fire truck up close,” replied Kelly.
Rolling his eyes, Kansas tossed his head back. “I don’t think so. When things started to float in the air, I’d be hard-pressed to explain that one. I think Mom and Dad would be our best bet. I’ll get them over here”.
Ajax could not have scrubbed the excitement off of Nopie as they drove down the road. He was like an octopus, his hands poking every button he could find on Kelly’s new, second hand, baby blue Honda Accord. 
“Nopie, stop it! I’d like this car to last more than one trip with you in it. Now listen, I’ll get us in and you sneak to the bedroom and look for anything that might help with this mystery. You can use my phone to take pictures, but hide it in your diaper. We don’t want Shelly to see it.
Slowly the door eased open and Shelly looked as though she had been asleep. Her hair was a tangled mess and the robe she wore had multiple stains. 
“It’s you again, any news?” asked Shelly.
“No, could we come in for a moment to ask you a couple of questions?” asked Kelly.
‘Sure, but I think I’ve told you all I know. Just knock the newspapers off the couch and have a seat.”
Kelly let her eyes roam over the room. On the counter was a food stamp card, a half loaf of bread and a partially drank soda. Dishes were piled up in the sink and overflowing onto the counter. The floors smelt musty and the dust was so thick you could write your name in it. Bottle after bottle of medication was lining the coffee table.
Shelly seated herself in the grungy looking recliner. “So what did you want to ask me?”
“Shelly, I was wondering why the cops never interviewed you after the murder. Your name was scarcely mentioned in the report at all. Were you out of town or something?” inquired Kelly.
“Yeah, thanks to the nice judge who sent me to a state-run rehab. I was there for thirty days after I got my third D.U.I.  I had gotten drunk the weekend before the murder and gone to get my son from Jack. He wouldn’t let me have him and called the cops.  I wasn’t even allowed to leave for my son’s funeral!”
“I know you said that Jack had a life insurance policy. Did you not get the money from that,” asked Kelly?
Shelly started to laugh, “Oh yeah, I got a whole big 5,000.00 dollars. That was it! That thieving lawyer got 20,000.00 and all he could do was send me a measly five grand,” shouted Shelly.
Bam, the sound of something hitting the floor brought Kelly and Shelly to their feet. 
“I told that freaking idiot landlord that there were mice in here! I really need to get on the phone and call the landlord. I would be happy to continue this later,” declared Shelly.
Kelly escorted herself out of the room while Shelly pushed the dishes aside searching for her phone. Arriving back at the car, she was surprised to see Nopie already there.
“OK, so how did you do that? Get here before me?” she said.
“I can fly, remember, I am a spirit. I can also walk through walls, cars, you know, pretty much anything!”
Kelly growled a low frustrated growl. “Did you find anything helpful?”
“I found out that Chandler Wallace isn’t a bad man. Here is a letter he sent to Shelly explaining where all the life insurance money went. He took his part out, then paid for Codas and Jack's funeral. The rest, he sent to Shelly, there are receipts to prove it.”
Cranking the car, she said, “Well, there goes our only suspects. That leaves us with none at all! We’re back to square one I guess.”
Nopie could see that Kelly wasn’t in a talking mood. Rolling down the window he hung his head out with his mouth open. Suddenly he began to gag.
“Kelly pulled the car to the side of the road and grabbed Nopie. What’s wrong?”
Nopie gagged a bit more and coughed up a dragonfly. “Ah, now that feels better!”
Kelly pulled the car back onto the road and headed home. 
Some people never grow up. Peeking in the window before she opened the door, Kelly watched. Codas sat on the floor with Lyla, Kelly’s mom. Her short gray hair glistened in the light, her wrinkled hands, placing one block onto another. Codas would pass the blocks to Lyla and she would continue their tower.
Just as Kelly stepped through the door, Codas’ eyes lit up. Running to her, he wrapped his arms around her and then pointed to Lyla. 
“Grandma is fun to play with!” he said with a giggle.
“He is such a sweet boy and so handsome too,” Lyla said.
“You can see him, mom?” Kelly said with a bit of confusion.
“Of course I can see him, I’m not blind!”
Kelly swirled around to face Nopie. “How come she can see him?”
“She was asked to WATCH him, wasn’t she? Anyone you invite into his life can see him,” replied Nopie.
Kelly flopped down on the couch beside her Dad. “I suppose you can see him too?”
“Yep, as clear as day, I went shopping for you. There wasn’t anything to eat around here. If you and mom want to make supper I’ll watch cartoons with the kids.”
It wasn’t long before the kitchen was filled with a wonderful aroma. Fried chicken, green beans, slaw, and mashed potatoes covered the kitchen table. Everyone stuffed themselves until they were all miserable.
“Kelly, you and the kids come stay at the house. They’d have the whole farm to run around on. They can’t get hurt and they need some fresh air,” said Lyla.
“That’s a great idea; the boys could have the basement and stay up as long as they wanted. Are you sure this isn’t going to be too much for you?”
“How hard can it be? They don’t eat or poop their pants.”
Kelly jumped up and gathered her clothes together. “Boys, we’re moving in with grandma and grandpa!
The night didn’t seem to come quick enough for Kelly. She was bone tired and she could hear her bed calling her. Once everyone was settled in, the lights upstairs went out.
Boiling blood.

A familiar feeling came over Kelly as she took a deep breath. The smell of hot maple bacon and warm, spicy sausage filled the air. Mom had breakfast waiting. Climbing into her clothes she dashed downstairs.
“Good morning sleeping beauty, you sure slept like a log!” said Dad.
Kelly rolled her eyes as she took a seat at the table. “I snored?”
“Like a freaking freight train!” her Dad replied with a laugh.
“Ok you two, it’s time to eat. Kelly when do you work again?” asked mom.
“This evening, from five until nine.”
“Could you swing by your place and pick up those blocks for Codas. He sure seems to love building things.”
“Will do, I’ll go ahead and call Kansas and let him know where the boys are. I’m going to head out and do some research. Do you need me to help you with anything before I leave?”
“We’re good I think, you be careful,” warned her mom.
The lock on the door broke free and as Kelly opened the door a ghastly scent enveloped her. Holding her nose, she entered, it was the most disgusting smell and sight she had ever encountered. Atop the stove was a boiling pan, in it was freshly cut organs soaked in blood. She bolted back outside as she gasped for air. Pulling her phone from her pocket, she called Officer Glass.
“Officer Glass, this is Kelly, get over here fast! There is someone being cooked on my stove!” she cried hysterically.
Sirens screamed as they approached the house. Kelly sat in her car with her head leaned back. She was a greenish-blue in color and gagging. Officer Glass loomed over Kelly, “The company you keep is going to kill you if you’re not careful!”
This hit Kelly in a humorous manner. She was already hanging out with dead people. How much closer to death could she get? Rolling her eyes, she smiled, “If only you knew!”
A young officer interrupted their conversation and whispered something in Officer Glass’s ear. Officer Glass nodded and turned back to Kelly. “Kelly, did you walk through the house before calling me?”
“No, I just entered the kitchen, why?”
“I think you’re going to need a new paint job in your bedroom. It seems blood was used to leave you a message on the wall.”
Kelly jumped out of the car and ran into the house. The message was simple and to the point, “I’m watching you, stop it or your next!”
 “You need to pack some things and find somewhere to stay for a few days. The officers will need to do an intense investigation.” 
Kelly swiftly packed and headed on her way to work. She really didn’t feel like being there but there was a benefit to it, she had lots of access to information.
The college parking lot was empty except for a few cars. Reaching into her purse, Kelly pulled out a roll of tape. She plucked one of her long hairs from her head.  She broke it into shorter pieces and used the tape to tape each piece to both doors and their frame. The last piece she placed on the hood and the grill of the car. Now if anyone opened her car, it would break the thin hairs and warn her of danger. 
The college library was quiet, only a few students occupied the back table. Kelly opened her purse and dug out the corners report. She examined it once more. Where the corner had signed it, there was a smear. Flipping the paper over, she discovered that the smudge was also on the back page. 
The Coroners' name was Jason Cantrell. Digging through the desk drawer, Kelly pulled out the phone book. There he was in black and white. She scribbled down his phone number and glanced at her watch. It was too late to contact Mr. Cantrell this evening.  The remainder of the night was noneventful. Locking the library and setting the alarm, Kelly glanced around the parking lot. Her car was the only one left. Digging her keys from her pocket, she flipped on her cell phone light. Examining each piece of taped hair, she sighed, they were all in place! Peeking beneath the car, she saw nothing strange. 
Heading home, Kelly saw the flashing neon sign advertising hot roast beef sandwiches and ice-cold soda. Pulling up to the drive-through window, she heard a rustling sound. It was all she could do not to scream when she saw something yellow, black and red slither between the seats. Slamming the car into park, she killed the motor. She slung open the car door and jumped out. Soon a crowd had gathered around as she jumped up and down screaming, “It’s a freaking snake, call 911!”
Shortly there were cops, animal control and news reporters buzzing about. The whole place was in a state of chaos. Soon the man who had been in charge of searching for the snake emerged from the car. In his hand was a Scarlet Kingsnake, lifting it high about his head, he announced, “This young fellow isn’t poisonous, just scary!”
Officer Glass pulled into the parking lot and went straight to Kelly. “Are you alright?”
“I am now, I can’t figure out how that snake got in my car. I checked to see if my hair had been broken and it was all intact. I also made sure the doors were locked.”
“Let me guess, you used your remote to lock the doors?” asked Officer Glass.
“Yeah, why?”
“There is a new gadget that thieves use to access your security code. It’s called a code grabber. It uses some kind of technology to grab your security code over the airwaves. Once they have that they can get into your car without the alarm going off.”
“I guess they gently removed the tape without breaking my hair and then replaced it. I thought surely my hair would be too fragile to do anything with!” 
“Kelly, did you remember the trunk?”
Kelly rolled her eyes upward, “That is the one thing I forgot. They could have gotten in there and let my back seat down. Crap! How dumb can I be?”
I’ll have the boys dust for prints, but I wouldn’t expect to find anything. They will take your car downtown to work on it, so can I give you a lift to a car rental shop?” asked Officer Glass.
“Nah, I’ll just get Kansas to drive me around for a couple of days. Thanks for the offer though.” Officer Glass moseyed off and Kelly called Kansas.
 “Life is never dull with your around little sister!” declared Kansas. 
Kelly slipped on her seat belt and smiled. I never did get anything to eat, Wally is devastated. He thinks I have deserted him, he’s chewing on my backbone!”
“That will never do! We can’t have folks saying we are cruel to animals. How does Wally feel about chicken and dumplings with homemade biscuits? Mom called and said she had saved you a plate from supper.” 
Kansas scooted in beside her and smiled at Kelly. “You’ll have to excuse Kelly, but her pet Wally is chewing on her backbone.”
Mom grimaced and shook her head. “Who is Wally?”
“Her tapeworm, he is a demanding little cuss. We have to stop what we are doing to satisfy his relentless nagging to be fed!” replied Kansas as Kelly kicked his shins from beneath the table.
“Dennis, could you pass the biscuits and while you’re at it, tell your children about our guest,” mom said with a grin.
“Don’t tell me they have tapeworms too!” teased Kansas as he poked Kelly in the side.
Dennis cleared his throat and leaned forward, “They are hilarious! When we can’t find Codas we know he is in the chicken pen. He calls them ugly birds with pretty feathers. He pets them until they grow tired of it and then he chases them to do it again. Now to Nopie, do you remember old whiskey, the mule? For some reason, Nopie has made his mind up to ride her across the brook. He has tried bribing her with carrots. He has pushed her from behind, no luck. The last thing he tried was covering her head with a toe sack and leading her across it. As soon as Whiskey’s hoof hit the water, she bolted and drug Nopie around the barn! There is never a dull moment with those two. I almost hate to see them go when the time comes.”
Leaning back in her chair, Kelly rubbed her stomach and moaned. “That was a wonderful supper, mom. You sure did train Kansas good, he can cook almost as good as you. Speaking of Kansas, did he tell you where my car is?”
The wrinkles across mom’s forehead squeezed together tightly as she arched her eyebrows. “All Kansas said was that it was in the shop.”
“Yes, it’s in the cop shop. Someone decided I needed a snake to complete my night. I just wanted you to know as the event may be on the local news or in the paper. I’m fine, it wasn’t poisonous.  I’m hoping to get it back tomorrow.”
Shaking her head, mom sighed. “I think you and your brother need to walk away from this and let the cops do their jobs!”
Kansas smirked, “That was already tried and the cop doesn’t seem to care if it’s solved or not. We will be fine; we have a host of help from the other world. I have an idea of how we can use that help. 
Kelly rose and stretched, “Mom, I’m going to help you with the dishes and hit the hay. I’m worn out!”
“You and Kansas go grab a shower and hit the bed. Dennis can help me with the dishes. He is used to helping me. Love you both, now head on out of here. 
A smudge of deception.

The fog was so thick you could have cut it with a knife. Kansas headed to the coroner’s office with Kelly at his side as the truck bounced down the old county road.  
“I tell you now; I don’t miss living in the country. I wish mom and Dad would move closer to town. These roads will tear a vehicle to pieces!” declared Kansas.
The fog had lifted somewhat by the time they had reached the town. Pulling into the coroner’s office they realized that they were too early. It liked an hour before the office opened. Reaching over to the CD player, Kelly popped in a CD of “I have arrived.” Swinging the truck door opened, she bounced out and began to dance.
“Kelly! Get in here, don’t you understand the word inconspicuous?” shouted Kansas above the music.
“They already know who I am!” she screamed back.
“Whoa, baby, shake that booty!”
“Kansas! I’m your sister, you pervert!”
Climbing out of the truck, Kansas peeled back the blanket. Smiling sweetly was Nopie. “Pervert, go dance with her!” said Kansas.
By passers stared intently as Kelly danced the two-step alone. Nopie and Kelly laughed hysterically knowing what the bypasser was seeing. Kelly looked like an idiot dancing the two-step alone. Suddenly, Nopie swept Kelly off her feet. Then by-passers began to look at each other in amazement. Kelly knew it was time to stop as the by-passers began to approach her.
“Pretty cool, huh?”  Kelly asked the crowd.
A young man decked in black leather walked closer to Kelly and ran his hands through the air around her. “No wires, I can’t feel any wires. How did you do that?”
“It’s an optical illusion, I’m studying to be a magician,” replied Kelly.
“Cool, do another trick,” everyone chanted. Kelly thought for a minute and said, “Ok, I will make this truck door open without touching a thing.  Oh great spirit from beyond, open the door for your master!” As the door opened everyone clapped and cheered. Kelly bowed, “I’ll be at the county fair in August, come by for more. I have to go now.”
The crowd dispersed and Kelly sighed, “That was close!”
“No, that was fun. Did you see the look on their faces? It was priceless, to say the least!” shouted Nopie.
“Nopie, you wait in the truck for us. Don’t touch anything either!” warned Kansas.
The smell of formaldehyde floated in the air. The room was puke green with brown carpet. The walls had certificates of graduation on them. There was a dark green sofa against one wall. On the wall beside the door was a sign that read, “Ring bell for service.” Kelly pushed the button and a soft ringing sound filled the room. A skinny, pale, gray-haired man appeared to its summons. 
“May I help you?” asked Mr. Cantrell.
“Mr. Cantrell, I’m Kelly and this is my brother Kansas. We are working with the police on an old case. The death certificate shows you as the coroner. Do you keep records of all autopsies?”
“Yes, I do, who are you talking about?”
“Jack and Codas Garlin, could I see your copy of the death certificate?” asked Kelly.
“I’ll be right back, ” he replied.
It was only moments till Mr. Cantrell had returned and handed over his copy of the report to Kelly. Within seconds Kelly began to nod her head. “Just like I thought, the report I have isn’t the same as the one you have.”
“How so?” asked Mr. Cantrell.
“Your report says the murder worked with the precision of a surgeon. My copy says the murder mutilated Jack. I also don’t see the smudge on your copy that mine has.”
Kelly handed Mr. Cantrell her report. After looking it over, he said, “This report has been altered for sure. Where did you get it?”
“I can’t tell you just yet, but I will be in touch. Can I get a copy of your report?” asked Kelly.
“Certainly, give me a few minutes and I’ll print you off a copy,” declared Mr. Cantrell.
Soon they had the copy in hand and were back in the truck. “Nopie, how would you like to be a spy for us? I am going to drop you off at Captain Osborn’s office. I want you to hang out and see who he calls. We are going to see doctor Eagleston and tell him that we know he is the one who killed Jack and Codas. If he is guilty and involved in a cover-up with Osborn, Osborn will be his first phone call after we leave,” said Kansas.
Nopie leaned forward and smiled. “There is one problem; I have to be invited in. You have a plan to get a ghost invited in?”
“Don’t worry about that, he will want to see us when we tell him that his autopsy report is a fake, he will push us through the doors!
 “Oh, you are cute! You’re making me have second thoughts about who is the cutest, you or Kelly.”
Kelly burst forth with laughter, “Now you have a boyfriend Kansas. Dang, didn’t know you had it in you!”
Nopie reached over and grasped Kelly’s nose. “Why do you insist on calling me a male? I am neither male nor female, read your bible!
Kelly started to pull back, but Nopie held tightly. Kelly’s laughter turned into hysteria as she pointed to his twitching ears. “That is why I tease you; those funny ears go nuts when you get frustrated!
Nopie let go of Kelly and crossed his arms, shifting his nose upward, he mumbled something beneath his breath. 
Shaking things up a bit.

Kelly, Kansas, and Nopie stood watching as Osborn stomped around the room like a big ole bull. He barked orders at some of the other officers. Looking up, he caught a glimpse of them and motioned for them to come into his office.
Kelly and Kansas seated themselves and waited for the “Question.” Osborn lit a cigarette and leaned back in his seat. 
“I suppose you came to make lunch arrangements for my steak dinner?”
“No, we actually came to inform you that your autopsy report is a fake. We have the original copy from the coroner!” declared Kansas.
A gleam of anger glistened in Osborn’s eyes and he leaned forwards. He blew smoke towards  Kelly and Kansas. “Excuse me! Do you think I can’t tell a fake from the real thing?”
‘You tell me!” demanded Kansas as he shoved the two reports towards Osborn.
Osborn looked over the reports and slammed them on his desk. “I’ll have to do some checking into this. It’s time for you two to back off!”
Kansas threw up his hands and smiled, “It’s all yours. Call us if you find out anything.”
Osborn nodded ok and opened the door for Kelly and Kansas to leave. Nopie remained behind.
Pulling into the hardware store, Kansas hopped out without saying a word. Kelly sat wondering what he was up too. A few minutes later he tossed a brown paper sack into her lap. “Keep that in the front seat of your car for protection.”
Opening the bag, she pulled out a can of wasp and hornet spray. Pooching out her lips, she looked at Kansas in a questioning fashion. “Well big brother, if I ever get attacked by a wasp or hornets in my car, I’ll be ready for them!” she said sarcastically.
“Sometimes you make me wonder how you got out of pre-k! You spray it at your attackers, its long-reaching and will blind them. Don’t you ever watch the news? Everyone is using this now days instead of guns.”
Removing her seatbelt, Kelly turned to face Kansas. “Sorry ole mighty one!” she said with a giggle.
Kansas smacked her in the back of the head. “Do you ever take anything seriously?”
“Just Wally, everything else comes in second.” 
The end of fall was arriving; the wind blew leaves across the old dirt road. A cold chill with considerable dampness was setting in. Darkness was making its appearance much earlier than normal “I hate that winter is coming, it makes my bones hurt,” whined Kelly.
“That’s because you’re so skinny, get a little meat on those bones and you’ll be fine!” replied Kansas.
The truck came to a halt and the siblings climbed out and ran into the house. Seated at the table was Nopie with a big smile on his face. “You humans are so slow! Ok, Ok, sit down and I’ll tell you what I found out. As soon as you left, Osborn called someone named Jake, I memorized the phone number. It was 706-555-1551, he was spitting bullets he was so mad. He called Jake everything but a nice name! He told Jake he better find a way to clean up this mess on the autopsy. Then he slammed the phone down.”
Kelly’s eyes were wide with excitement, “Then what happened?”
Nopie shrugged his shoulders, “I don’t know, he left and went to his car.”
“Crap, why didn’t you follow him?” asked Kelly.
“I was only invited into his office, not his car, remember?”
Kelly grabbed her phone from her pocket and flipped through the recent outgoing calls. There it was, Jake Eagleton’s phone number, the same number Nopie had given them. Jumping up and down, Kelly danced about the room shouting, “We’ve got you now! ”
“Kelly, what you have is a hunch; you can’t go off half-cocked on this. You need evidence that Eagleston doctored the autopsy,” stated Dad.
“I know Dad, don’t worry I won’t accuse him of anything directly. I just want to get his attention. Human nature is to panic and make a mistake. I’m waiting on that mistake,” replied Kelly.
	"Kelly go wash your hands and help me with supper. I wouldn’t want your friend Wally to go on a rampage. Your Dad wants breakfast for supper. I thought we’d make buttermilk biscuits, gravy, tomatoes, and bacon,” declared mom.
	After supper, everyone migrated to the living room, coffee in hand. Dad had built a fire in the fireplace to get the dampness out of the room. Codas sat near the fireplace coloring in a coloring book. Nopie scooted in as close as possible to Kelly on the couch. Kansas stretched out on the floor in front of the fireplace. Mom and Dad reclined in their recliners. It was so nice and peaceful. The crackling of the fire was pleasant to the ears and the smell of hickory filled the room. Suddenly Dad slammed the footrest of his recliner down, breaking the silence. 
“It’s time for the news, let’s see what’s going on in our little town,” said Dad.
“A horrific accident has just occurred on route 666, at dead man’s curve. A BMW has crashed at the bottom of the embankment. The police have identified the victim as Dr. Jake Eagleston. Eagleston was rushed to the hospital and is in critical condition. At this time the cause of the accident has not been determined,” said the reporter.
Kelly jumped straight up knocking Nopie to the floor. “We have to get to the hospital Kansas. If he dies so does our only lead!”
Kansas hit the floor running with Kelly right behind him. The motor of the pickup roared as though the engine was coming out. The familiar sound of the cross arms dinged, warning of an oncoming train. Boxcar after boxcar passed ever so slowly. Kelly took several deep breaths. “I need to make out my will! As slow as this train is going, I’ll die from old age before it passes!” she said annoyed.
Cops were everywhere, but one stood out among them. Osborn waited outside the operating room.  When he saw Kelly and Kansas he walked over. “I’m still waiting for my steak dinner!” he said with a grin. “So what brings you two out tonight?”
Dr. Eagleston is a friend of ours. We heard about his accident and wanted to see how he was,” replied Kansas seriously.
“It may be a while before he comes out of surgery if he makes it. The doctors said the outcome didn’t look good. Why don’t you two head home and I’ll call you once he is in recovery.” Osborn said in an almost hostile tone of voice.
“We’re fine!” replied Kelly in a like tone of voice as she took a seat. Kansas seated himself beside her. They took turns looking at the huge clock on the wall. Hour after hour passed and finally, a surgeon appeared. Kelly and Kansas gathered around but could hear nothing for the others crowding the surgeon. They didn’t need to hear, they saw him shake his head sadly. Eagleston was dead and with him went their only hope of getting the truth. Kelly headed for the door when Kansas suddenly grabbed her hand and pulled her aside. 
“Hold on sis, I saw one of the nurses come out of the operating room. I know her, we dated a few times. Maybe she can tell us something. I’ll be there shortly.”
Kelly rolled down the truck window and stared at the stars. An almost cold wind blew making the tree’s sway and cast shadows on the windshield. Leaning her head back she closed her eyes and fell asleep. The sudden opening of the truck door startled Kelly and she screamed as she jumped.
“Sorry sis, I didn’t think it would be so hard to find her. The only thing she could tell me was that he kept mumbling what sounded like “No cigar.” It made no sense at all.”
Let’s go home, I’m pooped and I have to work tomorrow at the library. Remind me to call and see if I can get my car back tomorrow,” stated Kelly as she leaned her head back against the seat and dozed back off.
Nothing could have prepared the family for what was about to appear around the kitchen door. Everyone was finishing off breakfast when it happened. The coffee began to spew from their lips and laughter filled the room. Standing proudly was Nopie and Codas. Codas wore a pair of Dad’s overalls that wrinkled on the floor. He had on mom’s old straw hat. Nopie, on the other hand, was having a moment of mystification. Nopie strutted around the table in Kelly’s hot pink bikini and Dad’s old muddy boots. His head was adorned in mom’s wig from the 70’s. Dangling from his ears was a pair of hoop earrings. 
“My, aren’t you two feeling frisky today!” giggled mom.
Codas giggled and ran back into the bedroom. Nopie threw everyone a kiss as he moonwalked back to the bedroom also.
	“I wonder if we can keep Nopie when this is over. He is just adorable!” exclaimed Mom.
Kansas stood up and peeled his coffee covered shirt off.  Suddenly there was a catcall from around the corner. Nopie smiled and blew him a kiss.
Kansas growled, “I thought you were a woman’s man in your previous life!”
Nopie stepped into the room with his hands firmly placed on his hips. “Let me explain something to you. When you are neither gender, it becomes confusing. I find myself checking out the ladies, and sometimes the men. Not that it matters really but as I said, being of no gender messes with my head. Kelly has this nice bootie and you, well; you have those bulging biceps that make my heart go pitter-patter. Sorry, but I can’t help it!”
“Does the word ‘pervert” mean anything to you?” asked Kansas.
“I suppose you would rather I not ogle at your stimulating physique?” Nopie said with a smile.
Everyone but Kansas laughed. Kansas shook his hand in a motion simulating flying birds. “Here you go you little pervert, take the whole flock!” he said as he left the room shaking his head.
Nopie looked over at Dad and winked. Dad laughed and lifted his coffee cup in a salute.
Starting at square one

Officer Glass smiled as Kelly entered his office. “So where is your sidekick?”
“He is waiting in the truck. I was wondering if you are done with my car. This hitchhiking is starting to get old.”
Reaching into the drawer, Officer Glass retrieved Kelly’s keys and handed them over. “We didn’t find anything. How’s the investigation going for you two?”
“Slowly, we had a lead, but he died last night. Jake Eagleston was in a car accident. I think that Chief Osborn is messed up in this somehow,” declared Kelly.
“Sit and take a load off, Kelly. Why do you think he is involved?” asked Officer Glass.
Kelly chewed on her lower lip. “Do you believe in divine intervention?”
“Do you mean fortune tellers?”
“No, I mean angels, well not exactly angels, but spirits. Ones that come to help when someone is in trouble” mumbled Kelly.
“So that is how you guys keep solving mysteries!” Officer Glass said with a giggle.
“Exactly!”
“Kelly, I was joking.”
“I wasn’t, I don’t know how to explain this, but we have angels of a sort, they help us. Even if you don’t believe me, if you check Chief Osborn’s telephone records, you will find he called Eagleston. He doesn’t need a pediatrician, so why would he call him? He was telling him to get hold of the original death certificate and destroy it. The one he has is a fake. Kansas and I took him a copy of the original and left an angel to watch him. As soon as we left, his first call was to Eagleston, less than twelve hours later Eagleston is dead,” stated Kelly.
Officer Glass stood up and ran his hand over his head. “I’m sorry Kelly but I can’t go accusing him with the accusation coming from an angel. Do you have any other proof?”
“Not yet, but we’re still working on it. I have to go now, working tonight you know. I’ll keep you informed if anything happens.”
A hint of uneasiness ambled around in Kelly’s head as she entered the library. The room was filled to the brim with patrons. Every computer in the room was occupied. Kelly relieved the previous librarian and logged into the computer. Turning her attention to the stack of books on the return table, she began to sort through them. One of the covers appeared to be loose on a book. Picking it up, she gasped at the title, “Kelly and Kansas die the hard way.” Opening the book she found the insides had been carved out. The lifeless body of a stillborn cat had been inserted inside along with a typed obituary. The obituary read, “Two local residents passed away recently. Apparently, they were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Curiosity kills more than cats!”
Slamming the book closed, Kelly quickly called Officer Glass. “It’s not over, can you come to the library?”
Kelly chewed on her lip as her fingers danced across the keyboard. She stared intently as each name scrolled downward. Scanning the barcode she searched for the book's last patron. The book was one that had been discarded last year.
 “Having a rough day Kelly?” asked Officer Glass.
Rolling her eyes upward, she moaned, “Does that tell you something?”
“Perhaps it’s time to let this one go before you get hurt. What have they sent you this time?” inquired Officer Glass.
“Oh, nothing I couldn’t have lived without. They are sick, I tell you. If they think I’m going to walk away, they are insane! Here, look for yourself,” she said as she handed the book to Officer Glass.
Peeking inside the book he shook his head, “Poor kitty. I’ll take this over to the lab and see if there is anything they can come up with. I really do wish you would let this one go.”
“That is not how I was raised, you start something you finish it. I will be more careful I promise. Did you think any more about what I said about Osborn?” Kelly asked.
“Yes, and I can see why you are so intent on him being involved. But until I have some hard evidence I can’t get a court order to get his phone records. I’ll call you once I get the results back on this. Be good and keep out of trouble.
The remainder of the night was uneventful. Kelly headed to her parents, but the neon sign of the Burger Palace beckoned her. Wally was doing somersaults in her guts. The odor of hot salted fries filled her car. The sweet aroma of the burger and the ice-cold coke was wonderful. Driving home, she pondered over the last words of Eagleston. Why would someone who wasn’t a smoker keep talking about a cigar? It tormented her mind relentlessly. 
The house was quiet except for the sound of the Tv playing softly in the dark. Codas and Nopie sat snuggled on the couch. Hearing Kelly enters the room Nopie looked over the back of the couch. 
“Hey pretty lady, you look down, what’s up?”
“I’m just thinking about the last words of Eagleston. He said “No cigar”. He didn’t even smoke so why would he be saying that?” asked Kelly.
Codas looked up and smiled. “No cigar, no cigar, no cigar, as he said it faster it suddenly made sense. The phrase went from no cigar to no see car. Kelly picked Codas up and hugged him. “You figured it out Codas, you are such a smart boy!”
Nopie looked confused, “What did he do?”
“He just told me that Eagleston was saying he didn’t see the car. Not sure exactly what that means, but it makes sense,” stated Kelly excitedly.
“Well, I’m sure I said something that must warrant a hug,” declared Nopie.
“Nopie, has anyone ever told you that you are hopeless?” 
“I plead the fifth on that one. I guess that means no hug?”
“When you deserve one, I’ll make it a great big one. I’m heading off to bed, see you two tomorrow.
“Rise and shine sunshine, breakfast is waiting,” announced Dad.
Stretching, Kelly kicked back the covers and slid into her clothes. Her hair was a mass of tangles. Entering the kitchen, she plopped down into a chair.
“Kelly, what happened to your hair? It looks like a rats nest!” exclaimed mom.
“I guess I tossed all night long. I had one nightmare after another. Dad, Kansas has to work today, can you go with me to the accident site. I want to look around a bit.”
“I suppose so; there is nothing here that can’t wait until tomorrow. We’ll take my pick up, that’s a pretty steep mountain. Wouldn’t want you to ruin the motor in that little toy car of yours!” he said with a sneaky grin.
The mountain was steep with winding roads. Rockslide signs were posted everywhere. At the foot of the mountain was the only store available until you reached the other side of the mountain. It was an old store with faded wooden sides. On the porch an old fashioned soda machine and a wooden bench adorn it. Rusting soda signs and a huge antique thermometer hung on the walls. 
Dad pulled his faded Ford into the muddy parking lot. Tiptoeing around the puddles, they made their way inside. The owner was a small, thin man; his eyes were sunk beneath a layer of wrinkles. Beady brown eyes watched as they entered and a big smile covered the owner's face.
“Come on in folks, can I help you find something?” asked the store owner.
“I was wondering if you heard about the wreck up on the mountain last week. The doctor was a friend of mine,” Kelly said.
Shoving his glasses close to his face, he shook his head. “That was sad; so many people have died on this mountain. Folks use it for a short cut, but it has cost so many their lives. Let me see now, I do recall that a road department truck came out and closed the road. This was before the wreck happened. The driver came in here for a soda, said they had a rock slide. The strange thing is, no cleanup crew ever showed up to clean it. A couple of hours later he shows up and removes the signs. You might ask Green Bean if she saw anything. She stopped in to get her usual case of green beans and snuff. She just drove that old van of hers around the signs and went on up the mountain.”
Dad had been listening to the conversation. “Sir, can you give me a couple of cans of green beans and a can of snuff.”
Kelly looked at her Dad with an expression of confusion. Laying a candy bar and three soda’s to the collection of groceries Dad paid the bill and headed toward the truck.
Clicking her seat belt closed, Kelly said, “Ok Dad, what’s going on?”
“I know the woman he called Green Bean. She lives out of her van. Doesn’t bathe or use any form of hygiene. She is what you call a hermit. She doesn’t trust anyone and is very hostile if she thinks you are invading her space. The story goes something like this, her parents were drunks. They would lock her in the closet after tying her hands behind her back. They thought she couldn’t get hurt this way. They would party at the club all weekend. Then when they came home, if she had soiled her clothes, they would beat her and feed her nothing but green beans. It’s really a sad thing, now she lives away from everyone and trusts no one.”
“That is awful, how could anyone be mean to a child like that? She should have reported her parents!” declared Kelly.
“It was a different time back then. Kids weren’t protected like they are now. Keep a lookout for a side road that looks traveled. Most likely she is pulled off on one of them.”
They were almost at Dead Man’s Curve when they spied a side road with fresh tire tracks. Soon they saw the van. Parking, Dad took out the groceries and the extra soda. Easing up to the van they saw Green Bean. She was sleeping; her hair was a greasy tangled mess. Snuff leaked down the side of her face. She was a huge woman of probably close to 250 pounds. Across her chest was a large stick which she held onto firmly. The shirt she was wearing had more holes than Swiss cheese. Dad cleared his throat loudly to get her attention. Startled, she jumped up and out of the van with a stick in hand. Kelly and Dad stepped back a few steps.
“What do you want?” Green Bean screamed.
Holding out the box of groceries, Dad extended them closer to her. “We brought you something, here you go.”
Easing towards Dad, she peered into the box. She eyed the snuff and soda. “For me?” she asked.
“Yes, they're yours,” replied Kelly.
Green Bean took them and quickly opened the soda. What do you want?”
“I just wanted to talk to you for a minute. Is that ok?” inquired Kelly.
“I guess it will be ok since you seem nice.”
“The other night when that car wreck happened up here, did you see anything?” asked Kelly.
“Did I! That mean man scared me, he got out of his car and started screaming at me. He was in the middle of the road; I couldn’t get around him to go home. That is why I am here. He had the road blocked with his big old black car. The dumb man couldn’t even talk right! He kept saying, “Get the bloody hell out of here and I’ll shoot your arse.” 
“Did you notice anything strange about how he looked, scars, or tattoos, anything out of the normal?” 
“Yep, he had something on his face. It looked like muddy water streaming down the side of his face, but it was dry. I backed up and got out of there real fast. I heard the crash, then heard a car start up and speed away. I can draw you a picture of his car,” she said.
“That would be great, hang on and I’ll get some paper and a pen,” said Kelly as she rushed back to the truck. Returning she handed Green Bean a composition book and an ink pen. Kelly watched in amazement as Green Bean drew a beautifully detailed picture. The most amazing thing was she wrote in the license plate number.
“There you go, thank you for the gift. I want to give you something for being so nice to me. I just have to get it out of my van. Stay where you are, I’ll be right back.”
Upon her return, she had a sketchbook. Flipping through the pages she smiled. “This is it, the Good Samaritan because that is what you are.” She ripped out the picture and handed it to Kelly. Kelly gasped as she looked at the drawing.
“This is wonderful, you are very talented. Thank you so much, I’ll get it framed and hang it on my wall.”
A toothless smile covered Green Beans' face, “You come to see me again, ok?”
“Ok, thank you for the gift and the information. You have been a big help. We have to go now, it was nice meeting you.”
As the truck chugged down the road Kelly kept looking at the pictures. “I must say that was the most interesting interview I’ve ever had. Such a shame her talent will never be seen.”
It is sad to see talent go to waste. Had she had a normal life, she could have gone far. So now what?” asked Dad.
“I’ll call Officer Glass and give him the description and the tag number.
	“Kelly, this tag is old as dirt. It was last issued over five years ago. The car it was assigned to was a green Ford LTD. It is noted to be out of commission for the last four years. The owner is deceased. Sorry, I know you were hoping for good news,” said Officer Glass.
	“This case seems to be cursed! Thanks for the info. I’ll talk with you later.”
	“Bad news?” asked Dad.
“Yes, the plates are old and the owner is dead. That means we are back to square one once more!”
“Not necessarily, that work truck that never did anything, if it wasn’t real it had to have a sign made somewhere. How many places are in this area that does that?” he said.
“My my, I knew I got my smarts from somewhere. That is an excellent idea Dad. Let me look in the yellow pages on my phone.”
. There is only one place locally to get magnetic signs made. Can we go by there?”
“Sure, this bonding experience is fun. You are right; I need to get out more. Turn loose and let it all hand out as they say.”
“Heaven forbid!” replied Kelly as she stroked her dad's face.
The sign shop was in a puke green paint peeling building. The door was made of steel and weighed more than Kelly. Entering the building, the smell of musk attacked. Kelly shook her head and rolled her eyes. Dad just smiled and whispered, “Wimp!”
“Greetings folks, what can I do for you today?” asked the owner.
“We are trying to locate the buyer of a sign that reads, “Road Department.” Do you recall making a sign in the past week or two like that?” asked Kelly.
“I had one order like that. Let me look at the receipts and see if I can get a name for you.”
“He is a handsome fellow Dad. Look at how wavy that hair is, those big ole green eyes just shout fun. I won't mention the way his jeans fit. I’d say he’s about my age wouldn’t you Dad?”
“Down frisky, he probably has a wife and ten kids.”
After a few minutes, the owner handed them a piece of paper. It had no name, it was paid for in cash but there was a contact number “Thank you so much!”
Hopping back into the truck, Kelly pointed to the store across the street, puzzled Dad pulled in. “Surely you’re not hungry again so fast?”
	“No, I want to use that payphone so it doesn’t show my phone number. I’ll be right back!”
Speak of the devil!

	“What’s up, Osborn? Can you hear me?” said the voice on the other end, in a deep British accent.

	Kelly slammed the phone down and ran back to the truck. “A fellow with a deep British accent answered the phone. He thought I was Osborn. We need to go see Officer Glass!”
	Officer Glass sat shaking his head as Kelly informed him of her discovery. Taking a pen he scribbled down the phone number and all the information. “You say this fellow, he has a British accent? Maybe there is a paper trail where he entered the country. Dang it girl, you amaze me!”
	“I amaze myself sometimes. If you hear anything, let me know. I think I’m going to take a couple of days off and enjoy my “Heavenly friends,” said Kelly.
	When Kelly arrived at her parent's house, she saw everyone gathered around the picnic table. Nopie was the first in line, he filled his plate to the rim. Everyone watched as he got a glass of tea. Plopping down on the bench he began to eat. Everyone looked under him to see where the food might be falling out of.
	Kelly stepped behind Nopie and looked beneath the bench. There was nothing, it was as though the food had disintegrated.  Nopie noticed her and stopped eating, turning he looked under the bench.
	“What are we looking for Kelly?”
	“I’m not sure. I thought you couldn’t eat!” she replied.
	“Oh, I understand now. You think because I am a spirit that I can’t do what humans do. Yes, I can eat and taste, I just seldom desire to. Has no one ever told you about Lazareth and the rich man in the bible? The rich man who was in hell lifted his eyes and asked Abraham to let Lazareth dip his finger in water to cool the rich man’s tongue. Yes in heaven you can feel, taste, you have body parts also. The food doesn’t nourish me, but I wanted to taste it again. It simply goes in and since it is not of spiritual material, it is consumed and disappears,” declared Nopie.
	“Cool, so Codas can eat too. Mom, did you hear all that?” Kelly asked.
	“Codas would you like something to eat?” inquired mom.
	Climbing down from Mom’s arms, he began to fill his plate. Once everyone ate, Codas climbed up into Dad’s arms and fell asleep. 
	“I think it’s bedtime for us old folks and a few youngsters. Goodnight everyone, this old man is heading to bed. 
Osborn owes me a steak!

	With unfocused eyes, Kelly headed toward the smell of hot coffee. To her surprise, Officer Glass sat at the kitchen table enjoying a cup of coffee. 
	“Good morning sleeping beauty,” said Officer Glass.
	“I assume you have met mom? How did you know how to find me?”
	“I called the fire department and Kansas told me where you were staying. I just wanted to let you know that later today I’ll have a warrant to search Osborn’s property. I thought you might like to go and collect that steak he owes you.”
	“How did you know about the steak?” asked Kelly.
“Kansas mentioned it. I got Osborn’s phone records and you were right. He did call a fellow named Angus; Angus apparently arrived the day before you had told Osborn about the autopsy. I guess he was afraid that Eagleston was a liability. According to his passport, his name is Angus Lerwick. His contact information had the same phone number as the one Osborn called. I contacted the British M16 agency. It’s their intelligence agency. This fellow has been in a lot of questionable incidents. I have a picture of him, do you think that Green Bean could recognize him if she saw it?”
	“I am sure she could, she isn’t as out there mentally as much as you might think. She is just paranoid. I’d be happy to show it to her. Besides, I did say I’d come for another visit.”
	After breakfast, Kelly headed over to meet Kansas. He was sitting on the porch swing with his guitar, playing a country song. Kelly seated herself beside him and began to sing. Suddenly the neighbor’s dog began to howl.
	“I told you that singing was not your strong point. Look what you went and did to that poor dog. He will never be the same again. I bet he wouldn’t even come near me now even if I had a pork chop tied around my neck!” said Kansas with a laugh.
	Kelly grinned, “Are you ready for an adventure? We are going to meet Green Bean today. I want to see if she can identify Angus Lerwick as the man who was blocking the road at Dead Man’s Curve. I need to stop by the store to pick up a few things.”
	Placing his guitar inside the house, Kansas climbed into his blue jean jacket and they headed out.
 The store was almost empty, soon Kelly had what she needed and they were on the road. Green Bean saw the truck approaching and stepped out of the van with a stick in hand. Once Kelly stepped out of the truck she laid the stick aside.
	“Do you remember me?” asked Kelly.
	“I sure do. Did you catch that mean man yet?”
	“No, but we are close to getting him. I brought a picture that I want to show you. Look at it carefully and tell me if this is the man who was mean to you?”
	“That’s him, I never forget a face. He was the one in the big black car.”
	
“I have something for you. I noticed how you like to draw. I’ll be right back.”
	Returning, Kelly handed the bag to Green Bean. Green Bean peered into the bag and said aloud “Oh my! She began to pull the sketchbook and chalks out.
	“I should give you something. Come with me to the back of the van.”
	Opening the van doors, she began to ramble through her collection of things. Kansas spied a guitar and reached for it.
	“Do you sing Green Bean?” Kansas asked.
	“I try,” replied Green Bean.
	“How about I play for you and you can give us a song as a gift.”
	“Would you like that Kelly?”
	Kelly shook her head yes. Kansas began to play an old gospel song and Green Bean cut loose. Kelly and Kansas’s mouth dropped open in amazement. That big woman had a big voice and it was wonderful. Kelly began to clap her hands and sway to the music. 
	“That was wonderful, you have a great voice. Thank you for the gift Green Bean,” stated Kelly as she hugged Green Bean.
	“Oh, it’s nothing, just a voice. Anyone can do that!”
	Kansas winked at Kelly, “Trust me Green Bean, not everyone can sing!”
	“We have to go now. Maybe next time I see you, you can show me your new drawings,” stated Kelly.
	Pulling her phone from her jean pocket Kelly dialed Officer Glass. After several rings, it went to voice mail. Kelly left a message informing Officer Glass of the identification. She had barely hung the phone up when it rang. 
	“Kelly, I got your message. We are heading out now to serve this search warrant on Osborn. I’ll call you when we get back and let you know if we found anything,” declared Officer Glass.
	Arriving at the farm, Kelly and Kansas stopped to watch what was going on in the yard. Codas had a ball bat and dad was pitching balls to him. 
	“That is amazing. I haven’t seen dad this lively in years! I think he would be a great grandfather,” said Kansas.
	“I’m sure he would but I have no desire to say I do to any man yet. How about you, anyone serious in your life?” asked Kelly?
	“Not really, I’m too busy chasing fires and solving murders. Maybe someday in the future, if the right lady comes along.”
	Strolling into the house, Kelly and Kansas went to the kitchen. Nopie was wearing an apron with flour on it. Mom smiled. “Nopie is learning to make biscuits.”
	Taking a seat, Kelly winked at Nopie. “You better watch it; she’ll have you doing all the cooking!”
	“Cool, I like that gooey feeling between my fingers. It’s so soft and fluffy. It reminds me of a girl kind of. 
	“Gross Nopie, now every time I eat a biscuit I will think of that,” declared Kelly as she sneered her nose.
	Kansas stood up and went into the living room. Fluffing a pillow he snuggled into the couch.  He was almost asleep when he felt someone easing in beside him. Codas had snuggled his butt into Kansas stomach and wrapped his hands around Kansas’ big arm. Smiling to himself, he dozed back off to sleep.
	An hour had passed before the phone rang. Kelly jumped at its notification. Fidgeting she dug it out of her jeans.
	“Hello?”
“Kelly, it’s Officer Glass. So far we haven’t found anything. There is one more place to search but we are going to have to put it off. Osborn’s mom's old shack is almost ready to hit the ground. I can’t take the chance of the boys getting hurt. I’ll have to get someone in here with a bulldozer.”
	“Hold on, what if I told you I have someone who can do that and it can’t kill them? Just hold off on leaving till we get there!” ordered Kelly.
	Kansas nap was interrupted by Kelly poking his shoulder. “Come on, we have to go help Officer Glass.”
	Kansas picked up Codas and eased him back onto the couch. Kelly headed to the kitchen.
	“Nopie we need your help. There is an old building the police can’t search because it’s dangerous. I need you to go in and see if there is anything hidden to link Osborn to the murders. Can you do that?”
	“Danger is my middle name, let me at it!” said Nopie.
	Arriving at the scene, Kelly pulled Officer Glass aside. “I need you to get your boys away from the shack. When I tell you to bring them back. I’ll explain later.”
	A look of concern covered Officer Glass’s face. He shook his head and did as Kelly had asked. Nopie looked at Kelly.
	“You didn’t say it was full of bugs and rats! I hate those things, they scare me!” professed Nopie.
	“Where is that daredevil stunt man now when I need him? Just get in there and get it done fast so you can get out. We will wait here, holler if you need help,” said Kelly.
	Nopie eased inside, things began to float around the room. Banging and mumbling could be heard as Nopie explored. Suddenly Nopie appeared at the door, holding a box. Opening it, he smiled. “I think this is what you are looking for.”
	“Officer Glass, can you come here!” Kansas shouted loudly.
	Officer Glass ran to them. Kansas handed the box to him. Officer Glass stared at the contents of the box. There were two vials of drugs and a note describing how to use them. The note was on the letterhead of Eagleston's. Looking over the vials, Officer Glass smiled; it was the drugs used in the murder.
	“How did you know where to look?” asked Officer Glass.
	“We didn’t know, but our little heavenly helper found them for us. I know you don’t believe in such things, but they do exist,” acknowledged Kelly.
	“Perhaps you can introduce me to your friend sometimes,” replied Officer Glass.
	“How about now,” asked Kansas?
	“You are serious aren’t you?”
	“Absolutely, just say, “I’d like to invite you into my life Nopie,” said Kansas.
	Licking his lips, Officer Glass repeated what Kansas had said. Nopie in all his glory appeared. Officer Glass stepped back a few steps.
	“Nice diaper son, good to meet you I think. Can I touch him?” asked Officer Glass.
“Sure,” replied Nopie.
Everyone giggled as Officer Glass poked Nopie. 
“Ok, I believe you. Why didn’t you tell me this before? I mean this is amazing! Thank you Nopie, it was brave of you to get this. This will help tremendously.
	As Officer Glass marched Osborn out in handcuffs, Kansas stopped him. “I think you owe us a steak dinner. When you get out of prison look us up and we’ll go out for supper.”
	If looks could kill then Kansas would have been pushing up daisies. Officer Glass shoved Osborn into his patrol car and turned back to Kelly. 
“Now if we only knew how to find Angus, I’m sure he is hiding in the most disgusting place imaginable. I’m sure he is keeping low so he doesn’t draw too much attention. Perhaps Osborn will give us a lead, but I seriously doubt it unless the thinks there is something in it for him,” declared Officer Glass.
	Why not let Nopie follow him and listen in on his conversations. He does get one phone call and I bet it isn’t to a lawyer either,” said Kansas.
	“What do you say Nopie, would you like to be a spy for a short time?” asked Officer Glass.
	“I am your man! I love eves dropping!”
Ok, when I open my car door just scoot across to the passenger’s side. When I book Osborn I’ll put you in his cell so you can see what you can find out.”
	Osborn was not pleased with the lack of respect he was receiving. Shuffled through the booking process and shoved into a cell. No one had interrogated him; no one had offered him any deals for his cooperation. Puzzled, he lay down on the cot and stared at the ceiling. Thirty minutes had passed when an officer unlocked his door.
	“You have one phone call, make it a good one!” said the officer as he stepped back and allowed Osborn to exit the cell. Arriving at the payphone, the officer stepped across the room.  Nopie stood beside Osborn and made a note of the number he dialed. The expression of anger grew as Osborn chatted with the other party. It was apparent that things were not going to his satisfaction. 
	“Time’s up Osborn, say goodbye,” ordered the officer as he pulled on Osborn’s shoulder. Osborn slammed the phone down and mumbled to himself. Nopie wasted no time in heading to Officer Glass’s office. 
	
	Nopie seated himself on Officer Glass’ desk. Officer Glass shoved him off and gave him the evil eye. Nopie grinned, “The phone number he called was 407-555-3071. He mentioned the name, Anderson. He said that he needed a bailout and airline ticket to Hong Kong as soon as possible. It sounds like our jailbird plans on flying the coop. He also asked Anderson where Angus was. I don’t guess Anderson knew as the look on Osborn’s face showed his disappointment. 
	 “You did good Nopie!”
		
Kelly goes fishing.

	“There has to be a way to get Angus to come out of hiding and I think I know how. Why don’t we use what we have at our disposal? The public love social media, why don’t we use it to draw Angus out?” she thought to herself. Tunneling through the stack of papers she had in her purse, she found Angus’s picture. Scanning it, she saved the picture to her computer. Logging into her Quick Connect social media page, she quickly began to write. “This is Angus Lerwick, he is a murderer from Britain. He killed a dear friend of mine and I want you all to know what a sorry piece of crap he is. He is afraid to show his face, afraid someone will recognize him or his British accent. The filth of the earth is far more human than this beast. He is a coward of the lowest grade, he prays on the innocent who cannot defend themselves. He is such a cry baby that he won’t even face me. I’m a little short, lightweight that scares the crud out of him. Oh, what a big man he is, afraid of a little girl. Please share this with all your friends so we can get this scum out of our town.
	Kelly sat back and waited, it wasn’t long before she had a response. A private message appeared. “Little Barmy girl with your cheeky attitude. Do you really want me to come out? Beast devours bloody little evil lass’s, I eat them and spew them from my lips. Be careful what you wish for, you may get it! Mosey away now before thou gets hurt.”
	Kelly quickly copied the message and posted it for everyone to see. “Hey guys, this fellow can’t even speak good English and he is from Britain. Maybe we should lock him up and teach him English! What do you folks think? Should we or should we just let him go around sounding like a fool?”
	The nasty remarks of how Angus needed to return to Britain and learn the native language went viral. Post making fun of his heritage ran on for hours. Kelly sat back and watched, knowing how the event was affecting Angus. He was after all human with human emotions.
	The next private message was short and sweet. “When and where, come alone. I won’t hurt ye lass. Just want to talk with ye.”
	“Fine, meet me tomorrow at Sampson’s Dinner on 5th and Main Street at 8 P.M. No guns, just talk. Agreed?”
	“Agreed!”
	Jumping from her seat, Kelly danced around the room. Shoving a CD in the player she shook and shimmied all over the room. She danced till she was exhausted. Collapsing on the couch, she fell asleep. 
	“Good morning you heavenly creature!” whispered Nopie as he leaned over Kelly.
	“Nopie if you try to kiss me, I’ll hit you so hard you will fly back to heaven!” she said while trying to focus on the moment.
	“You are no fun! Fine, if the nice lady will be nice enough to get up, mom has breakfast ready.”
	Hot coffee, pancakes, and sausage awaited everyone. One after another assembled at the table, even Kansas had managed to get there for his favorite meal.
	“So what’s on the agenda for today Sis?” asked Kansas.
	“Nothing really, waiting to hear from Officer Glass on what he found out. What do you have planned?”
	“I thought I’d go over to your apartment and see how it’s going. Do you want to go with me and see if they have finished with it?”
	“How about I drive my car and meet you there, say around 10 A.M. I have a few things to do today that would probably bore you,” she replied.
	Kansas chuckle, “You bore me, if there is one thing for certain, it’s that you’re not boring. I never know what to expect from you. It’s ok, I don’t mind hanging with you.”
	“Cool, you can help me pick out panties and bras. Who knows we might even update your undies while we’re at it.”
	“Oh no, now that is a gals only job. Ok, I’ll meet you at the house and go our separate ways from there. I think I’ll take Codas fishing,” stated Kansas.
	“I think I might do some fishing myself before the days out. Ok, now let’s eat.”
	Kansas headed out first, Kelly clenched Nopies arm and pulled him close. I need you today!”
	Nopie began to blush, “Well, I can’t make any promises since I’m not sure how this will work since I’m well…..you know, a spirit and you’re human.”
	“Nopie, that wasn’t what I meant! I need your help tonight. How would you like to get to hit someone just for fun?”
	“I don’t think the big man would like that, he might order me back to my errand boy position.”
	“Ok, well maybe fun, wasn’t the right word; it’s more of a necessity. I’m meeting Angus tonight and I need you to be my bodyguard.”
	“Hmm, oh yeah, I’d love to guard your body, you hot little momma!”
	“Nopie I am serious!”
	“So am I! Ok, I’ll stop joking. So what do you want me to do?”
	“I need you to wait outside the restaurant and when we walk out, I need you to sneak behind him with a ball bat and clobber him. Knock him completely out, just don’t kill him!”
	“What about Kansas, does he know what you are planning?” asked Nopie.
	“Are you out of your mind? Of course, he doesn’t know, he’d have a fit and wouldn’t want me to go! This is just between me and you.” Turning, she walked off and found mom washing dishes. Wrapping her arms around her mom from behind, Kelly laid her head on her mom’s back. 
	“Now what is all this cuddling for little girl?” asked mom.
	“I just want you to know how much I love you and daddy. I couldn’t have picked out a better set of parents if I’d tried. God has blessed me with both of you. Now, tomorrow I’ll make breakfast and you can rest. How does that sound?”
	Turning to face Kelly, mom placed her hands on each side of Kelly’s face. “Little girl, I’ve been doing this so long that I couldn’t sleep in if I wanted to. You can just do the dishes after breakfast, how about that?”
	“Works for me, well, I better scoot. I’m meeting Kansas at 10 P.M. to check out my place,” kissing her mom’s cheek she turned and left the room.
	Nopie sat on the doorsteps outside, “You ready to go?”
	“Yes, let’s head over to the apartment. Don’t let Kansas know you’re with me. He might get suspicious. Maybe you should wait in the car.”
“I can do that. I am not sure this is a good idea. What if you get hurt, I’d feel awful.”
	“You worry too much Nopie, I’ll be fine. Just do what I ask and things will be ok.”
	Kansas was walking in circles around the yard with his hands in his pockets when Kelly arrived. The look on his face didn’t look very promising. 
	Slamming the car door, Kelly approached him. “What’s up big brother, you don’t look too happy!”
	“I think it’s time you move in the basement at mom and dads. You don’t want to go inside, trust me on this one,” said Kansas.
	“Why not?” asked Kelly.
	“Someone has gone in and shredded your clothes, couch, and bed and smeared the walls throughout with what smells like manure. It’s time to get what you can and get out. As long as you’re involved in this case, you’re not safe alone.”
	Kelly rushed past Kansas and into the house. The smell of manure filled every nook and cranny. It was so strong it was all she could do not to vomit. Gagging, she rummaged through the house, there was nothing left undamaged. Rushing back outside, she slumped on the doorsteps.
	“I guess you are right, I’ll contact my insurance company so they can send someone over. I think I’m gonna buy me a mobile home and put it on mom and dad’s property,” declared Kelly.
	“That’s a great idea. I’ll go with you to look for one once this mess is over with. Well, I suppose now you really do need to go shopping for clothes. Is there anything I can do to help you?” asked Kansas as he pulled her from a sitting position and draped his arm around her.
	“I’m good, this is almost over I am sure. You go on with your day and I’ll go get me a few new clothes. Just in case I haven’t told you, you are the best big brother a girl could ask for. Love you bunches, big brother!”
	Opening the car door for Kelly, Kansas leaned against the car door. “Now you are worrying me, you are admitting what I knew all along, how great I am!” he said with a laugh.
	“Don’t let it go to your BIG ole head! I’ll see you later tonight. I think I’ll go have a chat with officer Glass before I go shopping and see if there is anything new.”
	Kelly cranked her car and headed towards the police station. Nopie, why don’t you go visit Osborn in his nice cozy cell while I talk to Officer Glass. You have my permission to mess with his head a bit if you like.”
	“Cool, this might be a fun day after all!’ replied Nopie.
	Officer Glass had his nose plunged into a pile of paperwork. Kelly knocked softly to get his attention. He motioned for her to come in. Kelly entered and took a seat.
	“Do you have any new information on the evidence you found at Osborn’s place?” asked Kelly.
	“There was a toy coin in the box, we ran D.N.A. and found it to belong to Codas. Tissue was also in the box, it contained a lacrimal fluid that belonged to Eagleston.”
	“What is lacrimal fluid?” asked Kelly.
	“Tears, human tears, he must have been upset by what was happening. I did some deep searching into Eagleston’s finances. For a doctor, he was almost broke! A lot of his money went to a hotel down in Florida. I called and found out it was a casino. I suppose he may have had a gambling problem,” said Officer Glass.
	“Wow, so that means that Eagleston was there the night of the murders! He must have been the one who did the surgery, but why?”
	“That is the ten million dollar question. Maybe once we find Angus we will have a better idea of what happened. Until then, it’s just a waiting game.”
	Kelly stood up and started to the door. Stopping,
she turned facing Officer Glass. “Don’t worry, you won’t be waiting long, I am sure!”
	Kelly stepped into the sunshine outside the building. The wind blew gently and the birds twirled across the sky. What a beautiful day to be alive. Hopefully tomorrow she would be able to see God’s beauty again she thought. 
	Nopie sat with his feet hanging out of the car window. Kelly climbed in and motioned for him to roll up the window.
	“Did you learn anything?” she asked.
	“Nope, he was sleeping. He snores like a 747 on take off!”
	“Well let’s go get some undies so I am not a liar.”
The store was full of customers, screaming kids and complaining patrons at the customer service desk. Kelly wandered back to the underwear department. Kelly lifted a pair of panties up, “These will do,” she said as she placed them over her arm. 
“Surely you don’t intend to buy those granny panties do you?” asked Nopie with his eyebrows raised.
“Sure, they won’t make a line anywhere I don’t want one. Have you ever seen a woman with a bikini roll?” she asked.
“What’s a bikini roll?” asked Nopie.
“When your bloomers start to shrink and your belly pushes the elastic at the top down. Now doesn’t that sound sexy?” declared Kelly.
	“Girls can be so GROSS!” exclaimed Nopie.
	Kelly grinned, thoroughly enjoying herself. Placing the clothes on the counter, she paid and they left.  Kelly had just gotten the truck started when her phone rang.
“Hello?”
	“Hey sis, God must love you. Meet me at the fire department. I have some good news for you.”
	“What kind of good news?” 
	“If I tell you it won’t be a surprise. Don’t drag; I’ll be waiting outside for you.”
	Kansas was pacing around when Kelly drove up. Whatever the surprise was it had Kansas acting like a jackass that had eaten sea saw briars. He was smiling as if his lips were locked in place!
	“I think I have found you a mobile home, the guy works here and says he will even finance it for you. It was his mom’s and it’s fairly new. She passed away about a month ago so he doesn’t need it now. The really cool thing is it’s only a couple miles from mom and dads. You wouldn’t even have to move it! Do you want to go see it?” asked Kansas.
	“Sure, sounds like a plan to me. Do you want to take my car or me just follow you?” Kelly asked.
	“Depends, are you done running around?”
	“No, I still have to go talk to the insurance company. I’ll follow you and then we can go from there,” replied Kelly.
	Stepping inside, Kelly’s heart leaped. It was beautiful. There was a fireplace in the corner of the living room. A huge garden tub with a skylight above it in the bathroom. Best of all, it was spotless!
	“What do you think Kelly?”
	“I love it, how much does he want for it?”
	“He said if you wanted to assume the payments that would work for him. He said it was around 25,000 that he still owed on it. He said you could either get a loan or pay the payments and rent to own. I bet dad would co-sign for you to get the loan. You have good credit, so I don’t see there being a problem.”
Looking outside, Kelly sighed. “It has a nice view of the mountains; I think I could learn to love this place. Nice big old oaks in front, yep, this would be great!” Kelly declared as she explored every nook and cranny.
	“Great, you go talk with the insurance company and I’ll talk with dad about co-signing if you need him to. When they need a helping hand, you will be close enough to run over. This couldn’t have worked out any better!” stated Kansas.
	After farewell hugs, the two went their own way. Looking at her watch, Kelly grunted aloud. It was still four hours until her meeting with Angus. Pulling into the public library, Kelly stopped.
	“I’m going in here to use their computers. There is a park across the street. Why don’t you go over there and watch the kids play? Be sure you don’t scare anyone, no levitating benches or floating children! Just stay out of sight until I get back. Once this mess is over I have a special gift for you,” whispered Kelly.
	“Yeah, I know about those special gifts, the last time it was a lollipop. Why is it that children always think a lollipop can make everything all better?” proclaimed Nopie.
	“I have no idea, now scoot and be sweet!”
	Seating herself at the computer, Kelly began searching for the  Anderson hotel in Miami Florida. Its owners were Colby Anderson and Danby Anderson.  Doing a search on Colby and Danby, she discovered it was a son and the father's establishment, a hotel and a casino combo. That Danby had passed away years ago from health issues. It was now run by the son, Colby. Printing the information out Kelly headed back to the car. Looking around, she saw Nopie sitting atop a merry go round. The kids were making it spin as fast as possible. Nopie was giggling to the top of his lungs. Kelly walked over and watched. Nopie was really a kid at heart, she thought. Nopie saw Kelly and jumped off the merry go round. He swayed with each step he took. He was totally drunk! Kelly laughed as he struggled to reach her without falling.
	“Wow, now I know what it means to have a natural high. That was totally awesome, I’ll have to do that again!” shouted Nopie.
	“Glad you had fun and weren’t bored. We need to run by the insurance office and then go on to the restaurant. Can you make it to the truck by yourself?” asked Kelly.
 	Nopie nodded yes and giggled his way to the truck. Leaning his head back against the seat, Nopie fell asleep. Kelly eased out of the car and entered the insurance office. Walking up to the receptionist, Kelly smiled.
	“Hi, I need to place a claim, please.”
	“Sure, what is the name the policy is under?” asked the receptionist.
	“Kelly Edmonds.”
	“Flipping through the file cabinet, the receptionist pulled Kelly’s file. A frown covered her face.
	“I see this is your second claim in a short time. I’ll have to get my supervisor to help you. Please be seated and I’ll be right back.”
	Kelly sat twisting her finger in her curly brown locks of hair. It seemed to take forever for the agent to return.
	“Kelly, come on back and let’s see what we need to do. My name is Audra; I’m the local district manager. If you will follow me to my office we will get started.”
	“So Kelly, what happened this time?”
	“Apparently I am just one of those LUCKY people who draw idiots to her. Someone came in and destroyed my place, clothes and all! I had been waiting on the landlord to do some work and when I went to check on the progress that is what I found.”
“What type of damage did they do other than your clothes?”
	“They shredded everything that was fabric, beds, sheets, curtains, couch, you know. They smashed what they couldn’t cut up. There is nothing left that wasn’t damaged!” declared Kelly with a moan.
	“I’ll send an adjuster over to check it out. Is there anything else I should know before he goes in?”
	“Yeah, tell him to wear a mask, they smeared manure on everything including the walls. It stinks extremely badly,” said Kelly.
. Nopie was still snoozing when Kelly awoke him with the opening of the door.
	“You ready to go get us a bad guy?” asked Kelly.
	“Not really, I just know that something will go wrong and you will be hurt!”
	“Nopie, have a little faith. Do you think this is the first time I’ve been in danger? When I was helping Caroline, I was abducted, sent gross warnings and threatened. I will be careful, now let’s go get us some bad boy!”
	“I couldn’t find a ball bat in the car, but I found your tire iron. If that doesn’t do it nothing will!” said Nopie.
	Kelly parked and she tucked the tire iron beneath her shirt and crossed her arms over her chest. Nopie followed close beside her. Stepping into the shadows outside the restaurant, Kelly laid the tire iron on the ground by Nopie.
	“When we come out, hit him and run. I’ll start screaming and draw a crowd. I’m going in now, keep a close watch on us!” ordered Kelly.
	The ambiance was beautiful. Low flickering candles adorned each table. Soft music played in the background. Gold table cloths covered each table and a burgundy bouquet sat center of each table. Heavy swags covered the picture windows, drawn to each side of the window. The smell of freshly baked bread hovered in the air. Five minutes till eight and the door opened. A huge man walked over to the table and sat down with Kelly.
	“Kelly?”
	“Angus?”
	Each shook their heads yes. The waiter appeared with a menu in hand. Kelly took it and glanced over it. 
	“I’d like the beef tips with mushroom gravy, French fries, and a salad. I’ll take coffee to drink.”
	“Sir would you like to look over the menu or do you know what you want already?” asked the waiter.
	“I’ll take a cup of hot tea,” replied Angus.
	“I’ll be back shortly with your drinks,’ stated the waiter.
	“Should I expect a swarm of Bobby’s to attack me?” asked Angus.
Kelly erupted in laughter, “What the heck is a Bobby?”
“Cops, it’s an old English term.”
“No, I didn’t call the cops. I wanted to talk to you and this was the only way I knew how to get your attention. I’m just going to be blunt, did you kill Jack and Codas Garlin?” asked Kelly.
“Why do you think I would admit that to you or anyone for that matter?”
	“Because I figured that once I leave here I won’t be alone. That it won’t be by choice and I just wanted to know.”
	“You are one strange lass, you come here knowing I can’t let you live and instead of being scared, you order a full meal. I don’t understand you at all!”
	“What if I told you that I’m dying anyway? What’s one day more or less? I thought you were the killer from the get-go and I just want to go knowing the truth. Just make it a quick death though, I’m not into pain,” stated Kelly.
	“Since you already know how this night will end, and yes, I will make it a quick death, I’ll tell you. Eagleston was in debt to the Anderson Casino for a ton of money. Anderson’s dad was dying from heart failure and kidney failure. It was either Eagleston do what Anderson wanted or be killed. Eagleston chose to live. I administered the drugs and Eagleston came in and removed the heart and kidneys. He cried like a baby at watching the boy fade away. It was all for nothing though, Dandy got the transplant, but his body rejected it and he died anyway.”
	“So if the cops exhume the body, they will find the heart and kidneys of Jack?” asked Kelly.
	“Anderson wanted to cremate the body, but the will prevented that. He had the parts removed before burial and had them hid. I heard they were buried in Eagleston’s office.”
	“So how does Osborn fit into all this?” asked Kelly?
	He covered up the murder, shifted the case around till it ended up in the cold case files. He destroyed evidence and manipulated the paperwork. He was paid handsomely for his part.”
	“Thank you, I am sorry that I had to be so cruel to get you to meet me,” stated Kelly.
	“Here you go Miss, hope you enjoy your meal. Let me know if there is anything I can do for you,” expressed the waiter as he placed the tea in front of Angus.
	The rest of the meal was eaten in silence. Angus watched Kelly with a look of curiosity in his eyes. After Kelly had eaten, Angus paid the bill and stood up.
	“Shall we complete this transaction now?” he asked.
	“I suppose now is as good a time as any.” Kelly stood and walked in front of Angus. As soon as the doors opened, Nopie swung with all his might. The blow landed across Angus’s shoulders, a snap was heard and he toppled forward sending Kelly flying into a steel street bench. It was as if everything was in slow motion. Nopie watched as Kelly’s face slide down the bench and blood spurting everywhere. A crowd had gathered and someone shouted to call 911. Two ambulances screamed into the parking lot and loaded Angus in one and Kelly in the other. Nopie climbed into the ambulance with Kelly. There was so much blood her face disappeared. 
	“That is one nasty cut; she will be scarred for life. It wouldn’t be so bad if it wasn’t on her face,” said one of the paramedics to the other. 
	“Well, at least it’s not life-threatening. It could have been worse. Once they verify she doesn’t have a concussion they will let her go home once they stitch her up,” declared the second paramedic.
	
	Arriving at the hospital, Kelly was quickly rolled inside. She opened her eyes and to her amazement, Angus was within feet of her. He was moaning with pain as he held his wounded arm.  The bone at the elbow was protruding from the skin. His hand was crumpled up and broken as well. Blood oozed from his nose and his face was cut and bruised. Rolling his eyes toward Kelly he cursed.
	“Yeh lying piece of crap, yeh said yeh were dying, yeh tricked me. I won't forget what yeh did. It's yer dickey bird against mine yeh know. No one is going to believe yeh,” he muttered.
	Nopie watched as the doctors cleaned Kelly and stitched up her face. The stitches started at the corner of her eye and ran down to her chin. Her beautiful face looked like a monster now. It was swollen and bruised and adorned with twenty-five stitches. He followed Kelly to the room and watched as the doctors placed an IV in her hand. As soon as the room was vacant, Nopie rummaged through her bag of clothing and found her cell phone. Dialing Officer Glass he waited for an answer on the other end of the phone.
	“Officer Glass here, what’s up Kelly?”
	“It’s me, Nopie, get over to the hospital.  Angus is here getting his arm and shoulder fixed. Hurry, I’ll explain later.”
	Before Officer Glass could say anything, Nopie hung up the phone and dialed Kansas. How was he going to tell him that Kelly was hurt without scaring him to death he wondered. 
	“Hello, sis, what’s up?” 
	“Kansas it’s me, Nopie. I’m at the hospital, don’t get scared, Kelly will be fine, but she had an accident and got cut. They stitched her up but they admitted her to watch her. We are in room 220, when you come bring Codas with you. I’ll explain why later, drive safely and don’t rush, she is ok.  I have to go now before someone comes in,” with that said Nopie hung up the phone and sat beside Kelly on the bed. Taking her hand in his he gently kissed it.
	“You’re going to be fine pretty lady, I have a plan that will fix everything,” he said.
	The drugs they had given Kelly were beginning to wear off. She peeled one eye open as that is all she could open because of the swelling. She tried to smile, but the stitches made it painful. 
	“My hero, you did good Nopie.”
	“Good! How can you say that? I let you get hurt and that is not good!” 
	“I’m not dead so that is good. If you hadn’t stopped Angus, I’d be pushing up daisies by now. You did well!”
	Nopie let the words sink in, they brought a sense of relief in an odd way. Kelly was asleep once again, and Nopie sat and watched her. His mind was racing and his heart ached as he saw the red of Kelly’s cheek begin to transform into a bluish color. The door eased open and there stood Kansas and Codas. Kansas gasped as he got his first look at Kelly.
	“What the heck happened?” Kansas asked.
	“She caught Angus with my help, but things didn’t go as planned. I hit Angus as he was leaving with Kelly to take her to her death. He fell forwards when I hit him from behind and it shoved Kelly into a steel bench.”
	“She looks like she was hit by a transfer truck!” replied Kansas.
	“I know, but things are not as bad as they could have been. Codas come here, Kelly needs your help,” said Nopie as he reached for Codas’ hand. Codas looked at Kelly and tears begin to flow. 
	“Codas, do you remember how to say a prayer? Did your dad pray with you when you were sick?” asked Nopie.
	Codas shook his head yes. Nopie placed Codas’ hand on Kelly’s wound. Closing his eyes Codas begins to pray a childlike prayer. “Jesus, Kelly is my friend and I don’t like seeing her hurt. Please fix her back the way she was, in Jesus name.”
	Codas lifted his hand and everyone watched as the wounds began to heal themselves. The stitches falling off and the skin restored itself. Kelly opened her eyes and smiled.
	“Why are you staring at me?” she asked.
	Everyone smiled, and Codas stroked her perfectly formed cheek. Kelly pushed herself upright and looked around. 
	“Did I miss something?”
	Kansas leaned over and kissed her forehead, “Yeah, a miracle!” Looking back at Nopie he grinned, “Ok so what just happened?”
	“The righteousness of God just manifested himself. Codas is an innocent child, he possesses the righteousness of God due to that fact. He hasn’t taken on his new body yet, but he has powers to do many things that he isn’t even aware of. You don’t have to be dead to have these powers; you only have to have faith in God. Codas never reached the age of accountability before he died, so he is innocent. He was never filled with the doubt of the world so he believes. There is nothing too great for God and that is exactly what Codas feels in his heart,” declared Nopie.
	“I think maybe I should go to church more often. Codas thank you for your help!” said Kansas.
	Codas smiled and climbed up in the bed with Kelly. Kelly scooted over and Codas lay his head on her arm. Softly Kelly kissed Codas on the forehead. The sentimental moment was interrupted as the door creaked open. A cheery nurse entered the room. 
	“Hi folks, I’m Nurse Deanna, I just came to make sure Kelly’s stitches weren’t bleeding. I need to get her vitals also.”
	Nurse Deanna collected the chart at the foot of the bed and read over it. Looking up at Kelly she looked confused. “Excuse me, are you Kelly Edmonds?”
	“Yes, I am, why?”
	“Your chart indicates that you have stitches on your face and I see none. I’ll be right back, something isn’t right.”
	“Wait,” Kelly said as she reached to grasp her arm. “Do you believe in miracles?”
	“Well, I’m not sure. I haven’t ever seen one in person, but I have heard of them,” replied the nurse.
	“You have now!” announced Kelly.
	The look of confusion only grew worse at this point. Smiling, the nurse backed out of the room quickly. It wasn’t but a few minutes before the nurse returned with the doctor.
	“How are you feeling Kelly?” asked the doctor.
	“Like a brand new person. I suppose the nurse told you about my miracle?”
	“She did and I wanted to come to see for myself. I would say that all the glory goes to God. I know for sure that it wasn’t a man that restructured your face. I do believe there is no reason to keep you here. Say a prayer for me, it never hurts to have God on your side,” declared the doctor. 
	“Kelly I’ll be right back, I’ve still got some extra clothes in the truck. Yours are covered in blood,” Kansas said as he exited the room.
Once everyone had made it back to the house, Kelly went to grab a shower. Kansas, Nopie, and Codas piled up on the living room floor. Soon the room was filled with a variety of snores. 
When Kelly returned to the kitchen, mom and dad sat at the table waiting on her. She tried to look as innocent as possible, but she was never good at keeping secrets from them.
“So how bad were you hurt?” asked Dad.
“Do I look hurt? I’m fine, you should see the other guy, he has broken bones everywhere. At least that is one more piece of the puzzle. Now to figure out how to get Anderson, he is the real killer. If it hadn’t been for his money this wouldn’t have happened! Greedy people are the pits! Oh crap, I just figured out the last piece of the puzzle. I’m heading over to see Officer Glass.”
Kelly didn’t waste any time in reaching the office. Officer Glass looked shocked when he saw Kelly entering his office. Suddenly he stood up with is mouth opened and nothing coming out.
	“It’s a long story, I’ll explain later, let’s just say today is a day of miracles. I just figured out how to tie Colby Anderson to this case. If his dad had a heart and kidney transplant and it was rejected, then there has to be both his antigens as well as Jack's antigens. All we have to do is get the medical records for Danby Anderson where the transplant took place. Angus said that Colby had the organs removed and hidden in Eagleston's office. If that is true, the tissue should show the antigens!” announced Kelly excitedly.
“Ok, I'm lost, what do you mean antigens?” asked Officer Glass.
“It’s a protein that we all have; it’s part of our immune system. If the antigens aren’t a close enough match, the recipient's immune system will try to destroy the donor’s organ.”
“I understand now, take a seat and let me see what I can pull up on my computer.” “I think we may have just hit pay dirt, I found his obituary, there is a eulogy here, it thanks Dr. Damon Davis, cardiologist. Let’s just give Dr. Davis’s office a call and have him fax Danby’s medical records”
“I thought you had to have a warrant or something to get a person’s medical record?” inquired Kelly.
“No, HIPAA does not apply to the law enforcement agency when it involves a crime being committed. Sit tight for a moment.”
Sitting tight was something Kelly wasn’t good at. Her fingers twisted in her hair as her foot bounced repeatedly. After a few minutes, Officer Glass hung up the phone.
“It should be here in about fifteen minutes. Let’s walk next door to the coffee shop for Danish.”
	“Now you are talking, Wally, my tapeworm, he is getting a little restless!” replied Kelly.
	By the time they returned the medical records were there. “I’ll contact our lab folks and see if they can make heads or tails out of this. You said that Angus said the organs were in Eagleston's office?”
	“That’s what he said,” replied Kelly.
	“I’ll have to get a warrant to search the place. It may take a while; I’ll let you know what is happening. I think you missed your calling, you have an intuitive mind.”
Standing, Kelly grinned, “You should tell that to my brother, he says my mind is warped!”
	A shower of autumn leaves blew across the road in front of Kelly. Driving to the mobile home she might call home, she pulled over. Sitting in the car she watched the falling leaves as they danced across the yard in the breeze. A feeling of contentment filled her; this would indeed make a fine home she thought. After an hour of decorating the interior in her mind, she pulled back onto the road. Prancing into the house Kelly heard the familiar snoring from hours earlier.
	“They haven’t moved since you left,” said Dad.
	Kelly grinned and wandered into the living room. Turning on the Tv she flipped to the local channel. Her eyes widened as she stared at the reporter.
	“We are here at the recently deceased Dr. Jake Eagleston’s office. Cadaver dogs have been brought in. As you can see, the place is swarming with officers from different departments. At this time we haven’t been told what they are searching for. Please stay tuned for updates as they become available.”
	Sticking his head around the corner, Dad motioned for Kelly to follow him. Taking a seat at the table, Dad handed Kelly his checkbook. Kelly looked confused.
	“There isn’t a lot of money in it as you can see. The only thing me and your mom have of any real value is our name. Kansas talked with me about the mobile home. Do you think you’d feel safe living there?” asked Dad.
	“I think so, but what does this have to do with your checkbook?”
	“I told Kansas I’d co-sign with you on a loan to get the trailer. It will be up to you to pay for it though. Do you think you can handle the payments? Your mom and I will help you with the insurance.”
	“I think that is as good a deal as I could ask for. Thank you both, so now that we are neighbors, does that mean I can help myself to the garden goodies this coming summer?”
	“I’m pretty sure we can arrange that. Of course, you know you have to help plant it!” Dad said with a chuckle.
	The moment of bonding ended quickly as Kelly’s phone rang.
	“We found it; it was buried in the bottom of the freezer with a ton of outdated medications. The lab is going to run some tests to see what turns up. I should know something in no more than forty-eight hours. I’m pushing them to get to it fast. I also looked over those medical reports, at the time the transplant was done; Danby had been in a drug-induced coma to keep his heartbeat at a slower pace. This means he didn’t have anything to do with the murder or the transplant. The authorization came from Colby. The District attorney called and said that Angus had agreed to testify against Colby for a plea bargain. I suppose they took the death penalty off the table. Still, he won’t see freedom again for a long time.”
	Great, once the lab test is back on the organs that will seal the case. Then Jack and Codas can move on! Thank God for our little helper, Nopie, he is really the one who brought the truth to light.” replied Kelly.
	Turning to head back into the living room, Kelly ran into Nopie coming around the corner. “Well, speak of the devil!” 
	Nopies eyes widened as he looked around. “Where is he, I know I didn’t do anything wrong!”
	“Calm down, that only means I was just talking about you. It’s an old saying, nothing more”
	Nopie took a deep breath. “Were you talking about how handsome I am?”
	“No, I was talking about you being our hero. It was you who discovered the truth. Would you like to go over to the mobile home and look at it? Kansas has the keys, just you and me.”
	“I’d love to see your new home!”
	Kelly strolled over to Kansas and shook him. “Give me the keys to the mobile home, I’m going to show it to Nopie.”
Shoving his hand in his pocket, Kansas produced the key and rolled back over and went back to sleep. Kelly and Nopie drove over and parked beneath a large oak.
	“Nopie before we go in I have something to tell you. You have been a wonderful friend and a great help. I am honored to have known you. I hope when you get back to heaven your good deeds have outweighed your bad ones and you get the prettiest mansion available.”
	“Wow, that is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. I feel so loved! Just so you know, I love you and your family. There isn’t anyone any more considerate of others than the folks that fill your life.”
	“Ok, let’s stop before we get teary-eyed. Come on in and take a look around,” said Kelly.
	Kelly smiled as she watched Nopie check out every toilet to make sure it flushed, he flipped every light switch and climbed into each of the bedroom closets. He was like a child with a new playhouse. Once he was content that he had seen every inch of the place he peered out the window.
	“Let’s check out the back yard.”
	“Ok Nopie, I haven’t really had a chance to look over it myself.”
	The lush green grass covered the ground and ran up to a peek. Walking up the hillside, Kelly gasped in amazement. “I didn’t know there was a creek back here! I love running water, look how clear that is?”
	“Kelly I think this is the perfect place for you, you lucky girl!”
Kelly and Nopie lay down on the grass beside the running water. Staring at the sky Kelly cleared her throat, “Nopie, what is heaven like?”
	“Honestly, I don’t know, I’ve never been inside, but I hear some of the prettiest singing, there’s lots of laughter and the sweetest aroma you ever smelled. The light coming from there is unlike any light here on earth. There is a sense of warmth, love, and kindness.”
	“Maybe someday you will get to enter inside and experience this for yourself.”
	“Perhaps, for now, I am just happy to be where I am, here with you and your family. I guess we better get back home
	Kansas was sitting beneath the oak tree at the picnic table when Kelly and Nopie arrived. “Officer Glass called and said he was on his way over with a huge surprise. He said he’d be here in about half an hour. Speak of the devil himself, here he comes. I wonder what the surprise is.”
	Officer Glass strolled over to the table and seated himself. The look on his face was priceless. He looked like the cat that ate the canary, he was all smiles!
	“I have the final piece to the puzzle. It seems when you finally get down to the last couple of pieces, the puzzle becomes almost impossible not to finish. Angus gave us a copy of his bank statement from where the deposit was made to kill Jack and Codas as well as the one for Eagleton’s murder. Every deposit came from Colby Anderson’s account in Florida. Even without the tissue sample, we have enough to go to trial. Florida authorities have arrested Anderson already.”
	“Oh no, we have to have the heart back so Jack will be ready to go into eternity!” yelled Kelly.
	“No you don’t, all he has to know is where it is and he can retrieve his spirit from it. The flesh itself isn’t important. Well, it looks like this completes the case. I suppose I’m done here,” said Nopie sadly.
	Kansas extended his hand toward Nopie, “It’s been my pleasure to have had you in my life. You are full of life and childlike wonder. It makes me think back to a more innocent time. There is one more thing we need help with. Can you lead Jack and Codas back to heaven?”
	Nopie smiled and shook his head yes. Leaning across the table, he wrapped his arms around Kansas’s neck. “I am going to miss you.”
	“Let’s go get Codas and let you tell mom and dad goodbye. You can’t leave without doing that. Officer Glass would you like to join us?” asked Kelly.
	“I think that is something that should be done with family only. I’ll call you later. Nopie take care of yourself and again, thank you for your help.”
	Mom, Dad, and Codas sat in the living room watching cartoons. Nopie wrapped his arms around mom and held her tight. 
	“It’s time to go now; we have what we came for. I sure am going to miss you. You have a heart that few ever know, a precious soul you are.”
Dad wiped a tear from his eye as he stood and embraced Nopie and Codas. “You boys have given us old folks some good memories. You will be missed, but I understand that it has to be this way. It doesn’t mean I like it, but I do understand.
Nopie reached and took Codas by the hand, “It’s time to say goodbye.”
	Codas blew kisses at everyone in the room. Turning, Codas and Nopie called for Jack, A wisp of wind sounded, then Jack's image appeared. The threesome then faded away as they stepped into another world. 
	Caroline stood outside heaven’s gate to greet them. Codas and Jack entered hand in hand and faded into the bright light. Nopie stood outside watching.
	“I’ve been watching you, you have changed over this short time. Your treasures have changed; you’ve learned to love without reward. You have taught others of God and shown your own belief in him. I’d say you are not the same Nopie who left here. I have been informed to give you this gift of love. Its merits are strong and heavy. Once I place it in the scales, you will no longer be Nopie. You will no longer have to stand outside these gates. Are you ready to enter in?” asked Caroline.
	“If I enter, will I ever be able to return to help others like Kelly and her family?”
	“No, once you enter there are no tears, no fears, no pain, all is perfection inside. One who enters cannot see the distress of those on earth; otherwise, they would never be happy. If they could see the problems of those they love they would worry, fear, cry and feel emotional pain.”
“You just hold on to that merit for now. I like helping others and I think I could do more of it if given the chance. For now, I’ll stay a Nopie.
About the author

	I am just your normal person with dreams. I don’t have a college education. I didn’t get my G.E. D. until I was fifty years old. The desire to write has always been there. I started writing stories when I was in third grade. That was pushed aside as I became a mom. My main concern was what I could do to make my children's life better. They came first. This may never be more than a hobby for me, but that is fine. I am still blessed with everything I need. I’m not one to get caught up in material things. As long as I have God and my family, I’m good!
