	
	
In a Tight Situation 

Copyright 201 4 Taylor Evans 
Published by Taylor Evans at Smashwords 
	
	
	
Smashwords Edition License Notes 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
	
	
	

CHAPTER 1 
	
Can’t be late, I thought to myself. Cole would kill me if I was late. I rushed down the street, nothing could stop me. Then something caught my eye, a tall man stood over a little girl. From what I could tell she was afraid. Then he pulls out a knife. Cole can wait, this little girl can’t; I have to handle this.
I walked over to them then quickly grab the guy’s head and threw him on the ground and the little girl started crying.
“It’s alright, sweetie.” I said to her.
“Rose!” Someone yells.
A teen runs over to her as the guy started to get up.
“Don’t you know it’s not nice to hold a knife to a little kid?” I asked him.
The guy got up and held his knife.
“You’re dead cracker.” He spit .
“Hey, watch your mouth.”I said,“You kids get back.” I turned to see where they were and the guy came at me.
“Whoa, watch it tough guy.” I joked. He spit on the ground.
“That’s gross.” I turned my ear piece on so the guys can hear what was happening.
“Joey, what the hell are you doing?” Cole asked.
“Showing off.” I said dodging another attack from the moron.
“Stop moving faggot.” The guy said.
I grabbed his head and put him in a head lock,“Stop cursing!”
He managed to slice me in the side and he smiled.
“Lucky shot.” I said.
He shifted the knife and a crowd formed behind us as sirens sounded in the distance.
“Looks like your times up.” I said standing up straight.
He shook his head,“No yours is padre.”
His hand went behind his back and he pulled out a pistol. In an instant I grabbed the gun and he held on, shooting a shot in the sky. I pushed him to the ground and put my foot on his neck.
I put the gun in my pants,“Hey kid.” I looked behind me.
The teen pointed at himself.
“Yeah you, you have any rope?” I asked.
He nodded and ran in the house and brought back some rope. I tied the guys’ hands up and his feet. As the cops pulled up I started to walk away.
“Wait!” Someone called. I turned and the teen and the little girl came up to me.
“Thanks.” The teen said.
“No problem.” I said turning.
“Wait, don’t leave.”He called .
I stopped and turned, a face in the back of him caught my eye.
“Look kid, I got to go.” I said.
“Alright,” He said turning around.
As he started to walk away I grabbed his arm,“Wait, what’s wrong?”
He shook his head.
“Don’t give me that bull, I know I’m a stranger, but I can help you more then you know.” I said.
“Really man it’s nothing,” he admitted .
“Alright,” I observed him.
“Excuse me!” Someone called behind him,“But I need to talk to you.” He pointed at me.
I rolled my eyes,“Alright see you around kid.”
The teen walked away holding the little girl in his hand.
“What are you doing here?” Josh asked.
I shrugged,“Wanted to help out.”
“Sure, listen whatever you did I bet the kids thank you for it.” He said.
“But…”
“But, I know it’s not like you to do that. Who told you to do that?” he asked.
“No one,”I said.
“What are you trying to pull?”
“What? Nothing! I did something I thought was right.” I yelled.
“Lower your voice.”He ordered .
“No! I can’t believe you would think that I’m pulling something just because I saved someone’s life!”
“It’s not like that.”
“No, it’s exactly like that.” I said backing up. I turned and walked away.
“Turn around.” Cole said in my ear piece.
I turned and there was a car behind me. I walked around it and got in.
“You okay?”Cole asked.
I nodded.
They dropped me off at my house. Alone and mad I went to bed early, with tomorrows hit; it’s going to be a long day.
	

CHAPTER 2 

We all got into place. This is going to be so easy. I could feel the gun in the back of my pants.
“Don’t screw this up, Joey.” Ken said in my ear.
I sighed.
“Just concentrate.” Cole added .
I walked up to the cashier then something went wrong.
“Nobody move!” Someone yelled.
“Who’s that?” Cole asked.
“Crap.” I said looking at the teen from yesterday.
“What the hell is he doing?” Ken asked.
“My freaking job,” I said going up to him.
I grabbed his shirt and pulled him down.
“What the hell are you doing here?” I asked him.
He looked at me then about five guys with guns busted through the front door. I pulled the teen down to the ground as bullets fired.
“Why are they shooting?” He asked.
“Wrong bank to rob kid,”I informed letting shots off.
“Need a little help?” Cole asked in my ear piece.
“Can you spare some?” I asked.
“Here we come.” He informed.
Seconds later they came through the door shooting. Moments past then everything was quiet.
“Okay, they're dead now.” Derek said.
We got out from behind the desk.
“We should go.” I said looking at the dead bodies on the ground.
“Good idea.” Cole agreed.
I grabbed the teen by the ear and we went into the van and drove off.
“Uh, sorry,” The teen said as we drove down the street.
“What’s your name kid?” Cole asked.
“Kyle.” The teen said.
“Well Kyle, that was a very poor decision you made back there,” Cole said,“You’re lucky That Joey met you yesterday and was there to save your butt today.”
Kyle looked down. The rest of the ride was quiet until we figured something out.
“We’re being followed.” Ken said looking in the middle mirror.
“Are you sure?” Cole asked.
Ken nodded,“Black sedan.”
“Lose them, and then go to the safe house.” He ordered 
We made a quick right turn and sped down the street.
	


“Now what?” Ken asked when we were at the safe house.
We just got out the car.
“Let’s first get inside then we’ll talk.” Cole said.
The safe house was a place we ’d go whenever we needed to hide from someone. It was an old warehouse but we made it home.
“These guys are big time drug dealers.” I said as we walked up the steps.
“Now they are after us.”Derek said.
“No they’re after the kid.”Ken corrected .
“That includes me.”I informed.
“No Joey it doesn’t.”Ken corrected ,“They are after the kid, not us, not you, this all wouldn’t have happened if he didn’t screw up!”
“It’s not his fault!”I yelled stopping to face him,“He made a mistake, now we have to fix it!”
“It’s not our mistake!”He yelled.
“It is now.”I turned and continued up the stairs into our hideout.
Ken slammed the door behind him,“What are we supposed to do?”
“We’ll figure it out.”Cole mumbled.
“Huh!?”Ken yelled punching a window out.
“We’ll figure it out!”Cole yelled.
Kyle and I met eyes.
“We’re screwed,”Ken said,“And it’s all his fault!”
He came at Kyle but I intercepted it.
“Calm down!”I yelled.
He broke out of my grip and went to the couch to lay down. I ran my hand threw my hair and took out my phone. I started walking towards the front door.
“Where are you going?”asked Cole.
“I got to call someone.”I said walking out the door.
As I walked down the steps I dialed my friend Michael’s number. It rung as I came out the front door,
“Hello?”Michael asked.
“Mike, I need a favor.”I said.
“Ayo Joey, Anything for you bro, what is it?”
“I need you to watch a house to see if anything happens.”
“Sure, which one?”he asked.
“Uh, you know the house next to Owens?”
“Uh huh,”
“That one,”I said.
“Okay.”
“Call me if anything happens.”I hung up.
As I turned the street I dialed one more number. It rung a couple times before he answered,
“What do you want Joey?”Josh asked.
“Hey, man I’m in some deep shit bro.”I said.
“Like always, what’s wrong?”
“You know that kid from yesterday?”
“Huh, yeah, his name is Kyle Morris; Born in the USA, Father died 5 years ago.”
“Okay, don’t go all cop on me now.”I said turning a corner.
“What’s he got to do with what you’re going through?”
“Uh…”
“Oh Joey, don’t tell me you brought your life into his.”Josh cut me off.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
He sighed in the phone.
I stopped at the traffic light waiting for it to change.
A car pulled up beside me.
“Hello?” I said ignoring the car.
“Nothing, Joey.” He said.
“No, you meant something by that.”
“No I didn’t.”
“Your bull shitting me,”
“It’s just that, I know what a crappy life your life is, and I don’t want that for the kid.”
“So you assume my life is crappy?” I asked.
“I didn’t say that.”
“Yeah, you did.”
“Not the way you think.”
A whistle brought my attention to the car next me. A man in a hockey mask held a machine gun.
“Oh crap!” I said dropping the phone and then hiding behind a brick wall before bullets went fling.
Seconds later the car sped off and it was quiet. I got up and grabbed my phone.
“That mother fucker!”I yelled.
“Joey! What happened? Are you okay?”Josh asked.
Sirens wailed in the distance.
“No,”I said,“I’m pissed.”
“Oh my god!”an old lady said coming up to me.
“You’re hurt!”she said trying to give me her handkerchief.
“I’m fine.”I tried to tell her.	
She shook her head and pointed to my shoulder.
“Joey whose that?" Josh asked.
I looked at my shoulder, I was hurt I just got shot in the shoulder.
“Oh, geez, uh, Josh I’m going to have to call you back.” I said hanging up.
I took the ladies handkerchief and held my bloody shoulder.
I can’t be here when the cops come, I thought.
I started walking fast down the street back to the hideout.	


As soon as I got to the hideout my phone rang. I ignored it going upstairs.
“What the hell happened to you?" Derek asked as I came through the door.
“I’m fine,” I said sitting in a chair,“Where’s Cole?”
“On the roof,” Ken said coming up to me,“Who shot you?”
I shrugged hurting my shoulder. I flinched at the pain. I took the bloody handkerchief off my shoulder then I took my shirt off and Ken handed me an aid kit.
“I’ll go get Cole.” Derek said getting up.
“You okay?” Kyle asked from the couch.
I nodded as I cleaned out my wound with alcohol.
“Let me do it.” Ken said taking it from me.
He cleaned my wound and then started stitching it up.
“What happened?” Cole asked coming in with Derek.
“I’m bleeding, welcome.” I smiled .
“You know what I mean.”He came up to me,“Ken stop stitching it.”
“Why?” Ken asked.
“The bullets still in there,” Cole informed grabbing a knife from the so-called kitchen. He lit a candle and held the blade over it.
“What’re you doing?” I asked.
“Hold him,” Cole said to Ken.
“C—Cole?” I stammered.
Ken took the stitches out then held me down.
“Bite on this,”Cole said putting a metal rod inside my mouth.
Then he put that scolding blade around the edges of my wound. I bit down as hard as I could, thinking the rod would bend.
“Almost done,” He informed.
Then he took the blade and dug into the wound for the bullet.
“Got it,” He said taking it out.
I spit the rod out,“Ouch.”
Ken re-cleaned my wound then stitched it up.
“There.” He said about twenty minutes later.
He just finished putting the bandage on.
“Thanks, that was terribly…Painful.” I said.
Ken smiled,“Anytime.” He put the stuff away.
“Joey, your brother called.” Cole informed from the couch.
“What’d he say?” I asked.
“He asked if you were alright, said that he was on the phone with you when it happened.” he said.
I nodded,“Yep.”
I got up and walked to the couch and sat next to Kyle.
“Sorry you had to take a bullet for me.” He said.
“What’re you talking about?” I asked him.
He looked at my shoulder.
“Oh this,”I asked,“This was just from an old hag; I tried to help her across the street.”
He smiled.
“Look kid, it’s nothing, I eat bullets for dinner.”I said smiling.
“It is for me, I never had anyone stick up for me.”He said.
“Don’t your dad or your brother?”I asked.
He shook his head,“No my dad’s not in my life no more, It’s just me and my sister, Rose.”
I smiled,“You’re like her dad.”
He smiled and nodded.
“I know how you feel kid,”I said,“I really do.”
I looked at Cole, looking at me. He half smiled and looked down. I groaned and sat back,“My arm is killing me.”
I got up,“I’m lying down for a bit.” I went into the back room and lay down on a bed.

I ran towards my only exit, I looked behind me to see if anyone was following.
My heart raced, a masked man ran a foot behind me, and I ran faster.
It seemed as if there was no end.
I ran and ran; every time I looked back the masked man was always a foot behind me.	It made me run faster, but was I?
I saw the end of the path I was running; bravely I stopped and turned around, facing the masked man. Within seconds, he was in my face. Holding a gun to my heart,
I looked him in the eye,“Who are you?”
Then he pulled the trigger…

I immediately sat straight up, my heart racing. It was night. I looked at my watch, 3:27am. I sat in the edge of the bed and ran my hand threw my hair. I sighed and stood up. I walked clumsily into the other room.
Every light was off except one. I walked over to the window and watched Kyle outside on the roof.
“Reminds you of someone doesn’t he?”asked Cole as he came up behind me.
“What do you mean?”I asked not taking my eyes off Kyle.
“I know why you helped them.”He said standing next to me,“It’s not because you felt sorry, because when you looked at him you saw yourself.”
I looked at him.
“You’re trying to give him what you never got.”He said.
I looked down then back outside.
“But what I don’t understand is that he has a mom, who doesn’t care, a dad who hit him when he was young, a little sister who he would kill for,” he said, “But he doesn’t have an older brother.”
I looked at Cole,“Exactly.” I walked back into the room and lay back in bed.




CHAPTER 3 
	
I woke up the next time and the sun was finally out. I sat up and saw that my brother was sleeping in the bed next to me.
He must have spent the night, I thought.
I got out of bed and went in the other room. Ken was awake talking to Kyle and Derek.
“So I was like,‘you have got to be joking.’And he said,‘when I’m dead.’So I pulled the trigger.”Ken told them.
I walked to the fridge we had and opened it,“You telling them another one of you sex stories?”
Kyle and Derek laughed.
Ken looked at me and smiled,“Nah, I was telling them about the time you had your first.”
I shook my head taking out the orange juice and drinking from the carton. My cell phone rung in my pants, I took it out and looked at the caller ID, Michael.
I quickly answered it.
“Yeah Mike what’s up?”I asked 
“Joey,there ’s something going on in that house you told me to watch,”he said.
“What do you mean?”I put the juice down.
“There are some men inside and I heard a gunshot.”
“How many,”
“Three or four,”
“Are you still there?”I asked.
“Nah man I left when I heard the shot go off.”
“Alright man thanks.”I hung up and started for the front door.
“What’s up Joey?”Ken asked.
“There are some guys at Kyle’s house.”I said putting my shoes on.
“Rose.”Kyle said getting up,“I’m coming.”
“No you’re not stay here.”I said standing back up.
“That’s my family!”He yelled .
I stopped and looked at him,“Kid, I swear I will not let anything happen to them.”
He nodded and sat back down.
“Ken, come on.”I said walking to the door; Ken got up and followed me out to my car.

We pulled on the side of Kyle’s house, I saw the door knocked open and jumped out of the car. I ran into the house with Ken behind me. As soon as we got in there was a dead woman on the ground with a bullet wound on her head.
“Mom?”Ken suggested walking over her body.
“Yep,”I said taking my pistol out.
Ken copied.
We heard voices calling,“Come on little girl were not going to hurt you.”One said.
“Yeah, we just want to play.”Another added .
Ken and I separated.
I went into the room which was Rose’s room and saw the two guys looking in her closet.
“Obviously she’s not in there.”I said pointing my pistol at them.
They turned to me,“You again.”One with a hockey mask said.
“Rose where ever you are close your eyes and hold your ears.”I said hoping she ’d listen.
I let off two shots and the two guys fell to the floor, Ken came rushing in.
“It’s okay Rose you can come out, you’re safe.”I said.
Seconds later a little kid, about six came out from under the bed. She had blonde hair and baby blue eyes.
“It’s okay.”I informed her .
She looked at me then Ken and then came running into my arms.
I hugged her.
“Let’s get out of here.”Ken suggested .
I picked Rose up and we went out the front door and got into the car. Just then a car pulled up beside us and started shooting.
“GO! GO! GO!”Ken yelled.
I hit the gas and we sped off.

“Rose.”Kyle ran to his sister.
“Rough time,”Cole asked.
I smiled and nodded.
Kyle came up to me,“Where’s my mom?”
I sighed and looked down.
His eyes watered and he hugged me,“Thanks.”He said.
I smiled and hugged him back.
“Can I talk to you?”Josh asked coming up to me cigarette in his mouth.
“Sure,”I said pulling away from Kyle and following him on the roof.
“What’s up?”I asked sitting next to him.
He sighed,“Look, Joey I just want you to know, I’m sorry for the other day.”
“Oh for just the other day?”I asked.
“Yeah, I just thought you were up to something.”He informed .
“For saving a little girls life?”
“I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Sure.”
“Why do you always do that?” He asked.
“Do what?”
“Act like I don’t give two shits about you?”
“Because you don’t.”
“What do you mean? You’re my brother, I care about you.”He said.
“Like you did when we were young?”
“Joey what are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about all the times you left and dad hit me, I’m talking about all the times I begged you to take me everywhere you went because I was terrified to stay at the house with dad.”
“Joey,I didn’t know.”
“You never know.”
“Now I do, Joey that was the past.”
“And the worst part was when you didn’t even know I was in the hospital.”
“The hospital, when?”
“When dad stabbed me,”I smiled and shook my head,“You didn’t even suspect it, He was right.”
“Joey I would have known if you were in the hospital.”
I shook my head and stood up,“I couldn’t even believe you didn’t even notice this.”I pulled up my shirt to show him the scar on my side.
He closed his eyes and looked down.
I pulled my shirt down,“I guess all these years he was right,”I stepped to the edge,“I could never be like you.”
I jumped and landed on an old car, I jumped off that and walked out of the yard.
Finally, my brother now knew the truth, and he wasn’t even surprised. It’s like he knew it all along, all the times I suffered because I wasn’t like Josh.
I walked down the street and kept my eyes on the ground.
For years I’ve kept that secret, letting it beat me up inside, I always thought when I told him the truth he would become a real older brother and protect me from the man I thought was a monster all my life.
At that moment I thought of something, I took out my phone and called the one person who I would kill for, the one who truly knows what I went through.
“Hello?”Megan asked.
“Meg?It ’s Joey.”I informed .
I haven’t talked to my little sister in months.
“Oh my god Joey, how are you?”
“Good, haven’t heard from you in a long time.”
“I know, work, it’s been keeping me busy.”
I turned a corner,“Uh, well I told Josh.”
“Oh, how’d he take it?”
“He doesn’t care.”
“Yeah, He does, He just can’t believe it.”
“No he just doesn’t care, I even showed him the scar, He doesn’t care, and I honestly don’t blame him.”
“Don’t talk like that.”
I stopped at a corner and leaned on a wall.
“It’s the truth, Megan, you even know.”
“Joey… I guess, I mean, I know how you feel, it’s just.”
“It’s just what?”
“Nothing,”
“Alright, I know I’m being tough on him, and I respect that. But the bastard should have been there.”
“I know Joey, and he should have known to.”She said.
I sighed,“Were going to keep saying it but it’s never going to come true.”
She laughed,“I was about to say that.”
I smiled,“Two smart minds think alike.”
“So where do you live now?”
“I’ve been jumping around place to place.”
“But now, what about this second?”
“This second, I’m kind of staying at that old ware house by Kolas.”
“That nasty old place?”
“Yeah, I’ve been trying to keep low.”
“Oh, really from what,”
“Long story,”
“Alright, so have you talked to mom lately?”
“Nah, I didn’t have the time.”
“Oh, well she’s fine.”
“I know I’m joking, I talked to her last week.”
“Douche.”
“I know.”I smiled.
Suddenly a van pulled up in front of me. I got off the wall. The door slid open and a couple of guys came out and grabbed me.
“What the hell?”I yelled fighting them off me.
“Joey?”Megan yelled on the phone.
I dropped it and kicked one of the guys in the balls. I ran up the street but they came after me and grabbed me. They dragged me towards the van.
I tried to fight their grip, but I couldn’t. They got me in the van and drove off. I kicked around in the back, then someone punched me in the face and I blacked out.


CHAPTER 4 

I woke up in a dark damp room with my hands tied behind my back. The cut on my lip stung, I slowly tried to get up, and without the use of my hands it was difficult.
I finally stood up and looked around trying to find some sort of light. I spotted a little dot of light in the middle of a wall; I went over and peeked through it.“Now what do we do with him?”a guy said, there were about three of them.
“I don’t know.”Another said.
“It was your idea to kidnap him!”One yelled.
“I guess we just wait until he wakes up.” The one had a blue bandanna around his neck.
I guessed it was gang members who kidnapped me, the drug dealers. I had to think of a way out of here, and quick. If I told them I was awake I don’t know what they’d do to me. But it could be my only chance to live. Then I made up my mind,“Hey, faggots, I’m awake.”
Their attention came on me. They approached the door and called someone over. I stepped back as they opened the door. The light made my eyes burn, I squinted them as they grabbed me.
“Someone wants to talk with you.”One said.
“Yeah, I kind of know.”They dragged me out of the place and down the hall.
	


They threw me into a room, as I got up I looked around. A warehouse, I thought. They took me to a warehouse.
“Welcome.” Some guy in a chair across from me said.
He had a black tee on that said,‘Come at me bro’.
“Why am I here?”I asked.
“You’ll find out soon enough.”He said.
Someone pushed me into a seat.
“You got a name punk?”
“You kidnapped me and you don’t even know my freaking name?”I adjusted myself.
“No! All I know is that you and your friends robbed my bank!”he yelled.
“Whoa, we did not.”
“Sure, that’s not what everyone else says.”
I crossed my arms,“And who might that be?”
“Everyone who survived the shootout, and when I’m done with you, you won’t even think of coming into my bank ever again.”
“I only came to your dumb bank because I needed a freaking lollipop doesn’t your bank give them out for free?” I asked.
He gave me the evil eye.
“Uh, hey, dude, I’m not a queer so I don’t know why you are looking at me like that.”I said shifting uncomfortably in my seat.
“You just don’t understand the whole concept of this whole situation do you?”he asked.
“Yeah, you’re mad that someone tried to rob your bank thingy, I feel you man, but I was just in there to get a lollipop.”
“Too bad, my bank doesn’t sell lollipops you idiot.”He said leaning forward.
I froze.
“Tight situation huh?” H e asked.
“You don’t scare me.”I spit .
“I don’t want to scare you; I want you to suffer for trying to rob my bank, its procedure.”He cracked his knuckles.
“Like I said, I didn’t rob your bank.”
“Stop trying to lie, I saw you, I caught you on tape.”
“Maybe the tape lied.”
He stood up,“That’s it I’m not playing with you.”He snapped his fingers and pointed at me.
Two hands yanked me up.
“Goodbye your majesty.”I said as they dragged me out of the room.
“Where are we going?”I asked the guys who had me by the arms.
They dragged me down a hall.
“Do you guys always kiss on him like that?”one of the guys punched me in the stomach.
“I take that as a yes.”I said dubbing over.
When I regained my balance we continued down the hall.
“Hey guys quick! John wants you he said it was important, leave this one with me.”A familiar voice said behind us.
The two guys threw me towards the guy and started running back to his majesty.
“You okay?”Cole asked taking out his blade and cutting the rope around my hands.
“Could be better,”I said rubbing my wrists.
Cole threw the rope on the ground,“Come on. The others are waiting outside”he said putting the blade away.
We ran back in the hall and climbed through a vent in the ceiling.
We found an exit, when we went through it there was yelling. I didn’t pay much attention to it, but soon we found a way out.
“The van is parked over there.”Cole said pointing into a wooded area.
“Where are you going?”I asked.
“I got some business to handle.”He said.
“Cole, I’m not going to let you go back, come on.”I said.
He shook his head,“Go back with the others, take them to your house, wait there and I’ll be there soon, don’t worry.”
“I’m worried.”
He walked back to where we escaped,“Don’t.”
I walked to the van and when I was close Megan ran out and hugged me.
“Oh, my god, I thought I’d never see you again.”She said.
“If it wasn’t for you, you wouldn’t.”I said hugging her.
“Where’s Cole?”Ken asked.
I let go of Megan,“He went back in.”
“What?”Ken said.
“I tried to stop him,”
Ken started away.
“Where are you going?”I yelled.
“To go help him!”Ken yelled back.
“Let him go.”Derek said coming up to me.
“Why is he doing that?”Kyle asked.
I looked at him and Rose then shrugged.
Josh slowly got out of the van and came up to me. Everyone looked at us and went back to the van.
“Awkward…” I thought.
“You alright?”He asked .
“Yeah, his majesty didn’t touch me.”I responded .
He looked at me strange.
“Long story,” I admitted.
“Megan told me what you to were talking about, before this happened.” He informed .
I looked down and nodded.
“Well she didn’t actually tell me, she yelled it to me, but yeah.”
I laughed,“Just like girls.”
He smiled,“I didn’t know you felt like that, all these years.”
I looked at him,“Well, you do now.”
“Is that why you hate me?”H e asked.
“I don’t hate you.”
“No, I did give you the right, I don’t blame you.”
I smiled,“Come on.”
We walked back to the van.
“We got to go to my house.”I told Derek.
“Why?”he asked.
“I don’t know that’s what Cole said to do.”
He nodded and we drove off.
	

CHAPTER 5 
	
“Nice place.”Kyle said as we walked in.
I turned the light on and started cleaning a little.
“Yeah, Joey, it’s almost like a home.”Derek said.
“Shut up.”I said as they laughed.
They sat down on my couch and I picked up the last of my pizza mess.
“Just like a guy.”My sister laughed .
I sat next to her and hugged her,“Just like a girl.”
“Just like siblings.”Derek added .
I gave him the finger.
“Who’s hungry?”I asked getting up and going into the kitchen.
No one answered.
“Come on someone has to be hungry.”I said.
“I ate.”Megan said.
The others nodded.
“I forgot it was only me who was kidnapped.”I said taking out things to make a sandwich.
“By the way,”I stuffed my face with the sandwich and quickly swallowed it,“How long was I there?”
“Well it’s almost nine.”Kyle said.
I counted up all the hours,“You’re saying I’ve been there for almost eleven hours.”
“Kind of yeah,”Derek informed 
I leaned on the counter.
“So, you got to TV in this place?”Megan asked.
I nodded and pointed to a place on the wall.
“What’s that?”S he asked.
“The TV,”I informed .
She looked at me like I was crazy. I pointed to a button on the wall,“Press that.”
Kyle got up and pressed it. The wall slid open and a flat screen appeared.
“So that’s what you spend all your money on.”Derek said.
“You know it.”I smiled finishing my sandwich.
“How do you work this thing?”Kyle asked messing with the remote.
“Press the button.”I told him.
“There’s millions of buttons on here.”He said.
“Here.”I said holding my hands out.
He tossed the remote to me and I caught it and turned the TV on then tossed it back.
“Better?”I asked.



CHAPTER 6 

A sudden knock on the front door made us jump half way out of our seats, plus we were watching a really scary movie, so that knock killed us.
Rose started crying as I went up and opened the front door.
“Oh, shit Cole!”I yelled as Cole fell into my arms.
His face was bloody.
“What the hell happened to you man?”Derek asked as he helped me place Cole on the couch.
He flinched in pain as we laid him down.
He coughed,“John, he—”
“It’s okay, Kyle can you hand me that aid kit in the first cabinet?”I asked.
He nodded and got it. When he brought it back I cleaned the blood off Cole’s face, the blood was coming out of a slice wound on his forehead. I cleaned it out and bandaged it up.


“Is he going to be alright?” Josh asked as I sat next to him.
I sighed and nodded.
“I don’t know what to do now.”I admitted.
“Don’t do anything.”He said.
“What?”I asked.
He smiled,“Let your big bro handle it.”
He got up and went out the front door.
“Where’s he off too?”Megan asked sitting next to me.
“To be a brother I guess.”I said.
She smacked me playfully.
“Give him a break, he’s trying.”She said.
I rolled my eyes,“Sure.”
“Give him a chance, Joey, he’ll come up eventually.”She patted my leg and got up.
“Just remember, he’s your brother whether you like it or not.”She walked in the other room.
I looked down and sighed.
“She’s right you know.”Cole said from the couch.
I looked up at him.
“You should give Josh a chance; I saw how he wanted to kill the people who took you.”He sat up,“He really cares about you, and I know you don’t think he does, but he does, okay?”
“Alright, I’ll see where it goes.”I said.
He smiled,“That’s my boy.”
“Why’d you go after John?”I asked.
“I was just as pissed as your brother.”
“All he wanted was to know why I tried to rob his bank.”
“What’d you say?”
I smiled,“That I wanted a lollipop.”
“So that’s why he kept saying he needed a free lollipop stand.”
“He said that?”I asked.
Cole nodded,“I thought he was joking.”
“By the way, did you see Ken?”
“Ken? Why would I see him?”he asked.
“He went in after you, we couldn’t stop him.”
“You think he’s okay?”
“I don’t know, I asked you.”
“Hand me my cell, I’ll call him.”He said.
I tossed him his phone and he dialed Ken’s number.
“Ayo, Ken its Cole, where the hell are you? Call me.”He hung up.
“No answer?”I asked.
He shook his head,“What time is it?”
“About eleven,” I said,“You think he’d be back by now?”
“He should have.”He stood up and almost fell.
I got up and caught him,“Whoa, chill down a bit, sit back.”
He sat back down,“I just got really dizzy.”
I nodded,“Sure, that cut on your head took a crap load of blood from you, lay down.”
I sat down next to him.
“If he’s not here by Morning,”
“I’ll look for him.”I finished.
He looked at me,“Get to bed.”
I smiled,“Alright dad.”
“Night,”
“Good night, don’t let the bed bugs bite.”I said.
“That’s old.”
I got up,“No, seriously, there are bugs everywhere.”
I smiled.
He gave me the finger,“Ass.”
I went upstairs and lie in my bed next to Megan and soon fell asleep.


CHAPTER 7 

A loud bang on the door woke all of us up.
I grabbed my pistol I kept under my bed and I went to go check it out.
“Who is it?”I asked.
“Uh, MDS.”
I put the gun away and opened the door.
“Delivery for a mister Joey Walker,”The MDS man said, he held a huge box.
“That’s me.”I said.
He put the box down,“Sign here.” He handed me a clipboard.
I signed my name and took the box.
“What’s in it?”I asked.
He shrugged,“Beats me.”
He walked away as I shut the front door.
“What’s that?”Cole asked.
“I don’t know.”I said.
“There a card?”Kyle asked.
Everyone stood behind me.
“Uh yeah.”I took the card that was attached to the box.
For a special someone…
“Open it.”Derek said.
I looked at Cole and took out my blade and cut the tape.
I opened it and nearly shit myself.
I jumped back,“Holy shit.”
In there was Ken’s head, severed from his body.
Derek came up to the box and looked in,“What the hell?” he stepped back.
I quickly shut the box flaps and kicked it away.
“I’m going to fucking kill John.” I said getting up.
“Sick bastard,” Derek said sitting on the couch next to Cole.
I sat back and ran my hand through my hair. My cell phone rung. I took it out and looked at the caller ID, Restricted.
I answered it.
“You like my gift?”John asked.
“How’d you get this number?”I asked.
“I thought it was too much, but if you know me. It’s not.”
“You’re sick.”
He laughed,“Not quite.”
“Not quite? You sent me my fucking friends head, how is that not sick?”I asked.
“Because you didn’t get the rest of him yet,”
“I swear, next time I fucking see you, your dead, I will chop off your fucking head and mail it to your mother, then I will cut off your penis and mail it to your dad, I will cut off every single body part and send them to everyone in your family, you are so fucking dead!”I hung up.
“Come on, guys.”I said putting my shoes on.
“Where we going?”Kyle asked.
“We? Nowhere, me, Derek, and Cole? To kill John.”I said,“Can’t risk your life kid.”
“But I started it, it’s my problem.”He said.
“Not no more kid.” I stood up.
He sat back on the couch.
“Ready?”I asked Derek and Cole.
They nodded and stood up with me.
“Megan, take them to your house.”I said.
She nodded.
I looked at Cole and we walked out the front door.
“Where are we going exactly?”Cole asked as we pulled off down the street.
“Same place John took me.”I said.
“You know where that is?”Derek asked.
“I think so.”I said unsure.
“Turn here.”Cole said.
I made a right and continued down the street.
“I was going to turn.”I lied.
“Sure.”Cole said smiling.
“We got to go to the safe house to pick up our equipment.”Derek said.
“Good idea,”I said making a sudden left turn 
“Joey, not to make a huge deal of, uh, does your sister have a boyfriend?”Derek asked.
“Fuck you,”I said smiling.
He smiled,“That’s what I thought you’d say.”
I rolled my eyes looking out the window on a red light.
I was going to miss Ken.
Even though he was the hugest ass I’d ever met, he was my friend. I couldn’t wait till I saw John, he is so dead. The light changed and we drove off.


CHAPTER 8 

We arrived at the safe house in no time.
“Hope the game is the same now that Ken’s gone.”Derek said as we got out of the car.
“It will never be the same.”Cole admitted.
We walked up to the safe house and entered.
“I call the shotgun.” Derek called darting to the gun dresser.
I walked over to the body armor cabinet and grabbed myself vest. The game is never going to be the same without Ken, I thought. They were so right.
I took off my shirt and put the vest on.
“How are we going to approach?”Cole asked as I put my shirt back on.
“You’re the boss, how would you say we do it?”I asked him .
“Sneak in, kill the bait, get out?” He suggested.
I smiled,“Nice, did you practice that?”
“Took me hours to get it right,”He said.
“Don’t hurt yourself.”I warned.
“So that’s the plan?”Derek asked.
Cole nodded,“Yep, that’s it.” He looked at me as he walked away.
I shut the cabinet and went over to the weapon dresser. As I walked by, Derek cocked his shotgun,“Let’s go kick some white people ass!”H e yelled.
“Yeah!”Cole joined.
I grabbed a blade and putting it into my boot. We all rushed to get ready; I grabbed another blade and stuffed it into my other boot. When it comes to fighting without guns, I’m great at that.
But with guns I’m not so good.
I picked up a handgun and put it in my pants. Suddenly I had second thoughts about it. Questions ran through my head, what if it doesn’t work out the way we planned? What if one of us dies? What if John gets away?
My stomach ached from the thought. I looked over at the rest of my friends. The only friends I have left. I couldn’t risk losing them.
Derek caught my eyes,“What’s wrong?”
I looked down then back up,“Nothing.”
I had to do this, for Ken and Kyle’s family. For me. I grabbed another pistol and stuffed it in my pants.
“Y’all ready?”I asked as I cocked a rifle.
Derek smiled,“Let’s go.”


We arrived at John’s place and parked on the hill like before. The place looked surrounded by guards.
“Now what?”I asked.
“Sneak in, try not to get noticed.”Cole said getting out of the car.
Derek and I met eyes then got out of the van.
“There should be an entrance in the front, try to find it.”Cole said as we climbed down the hill.
“There should be a shoe in a vent.”Derek said.
Cole and I looked at him.
“My shoe fell off yesterday.” Derek admitted.
We crept along the walls behind two unwary guards. Cole pointed forward, indicating the entrance was nearby. We nodded and continued.
I found an opening that led to a vent, inside, was a shoe. Derek pointed to the shoe then pointed to himself. I nodded and mouthed, I know. We went inside the vent and crawled until it split into three.
“Split up, kill everyone who tries to come at you.”Cole ordered.
“Here,”Derek handed us an ear piece,“We can communicate with each other.”
I put mine in and nodded.
Cole pointed us to different vents.
I took the right vent and crawled through it.
“That’s it! I’m done!” Someone yelled in a room,“Your feet smell like crap!”
I crawled up to a vent and peeked through. Two guys stood in a room talking;I recognized them as the guys who knocked me out. I whistled twice to get their attention.
They looked around until they looked up at me.
“Hi ya.”I said smiling.
One went for a gun as I kicked the vent screen and fell down, knocking him down to the ground. Another guy grabbed me by the shirt and slammed me against the wall.
“Didn’t you learn your lesson?”he asked holding me against the wall.
“I guess not.”I said smacking him with the back of my hand.
He stumbled back as his friend stood up.
“You’re dead.” He said as they both tackled me back against the wall.
They almost knocked the air out of me. I grabbed my stomach then sucker punched one in the gut. He fell over moaning.
I rubbed my hand and looked at him, almost in tears. Suddenly his friend was on my back almost taking me down. I flipped him over my head and put my foot on his neck pushing my foot down, cutting of his air supply.
He reached for my leg a couple times then stopped motion less.
“No! Carl!”the last guy yelled.
He got up and ran towards me.
He tackled me to the ground and started choking me. I kicked him in between the legs and he fell over gasping.
“Ouch,” I flinched watching him rock back and forth on the floor.
I walked to a table and picked up the gun that Carl never reached.
I cocked it and pointed it at the guy’s head,“Fuck you!”
I pulled the trigger and suddenly an alarm went off.
“Crap.”I said taking out my rifle.
“Joey! What happened?!”Cole asked in my ear.
“I don’t know, watch your backs.”I said cocking it.
About five men came busting through the door.
I got in a corner and let off about six rounds of shots. When I stopped dust filled the room. It took a couple seconds until it cleared.
Everyone was lying on the floor, dead.
“You okay?”Cole asked.
“Yeah.”I said walking over the dead bodies.
As soon as I walked out of the room shots from down the hall went off. I jumped back in the room landing on the dead bodies.
“Ew.” I said getting up.
“Did we get him?”someone asked from outside.
I cocked my gun,“Nope!”I yelled shooting into the hall.
I stopped and waited.
“Clear.”Derek said in my ear.
“What?”I asked.
Derek chuckled,“I see you.”
“Uh, okay?”I said,“How?”
“Look up.”
I did.
“A little to the right.”He said.
I looked at a camera.
“Hi.”
I gave him the finger.
“That’s not nice.”
“Whatever, thanks.”I said walking down the hall.
“Report guys.”Cole ordered .
“All fine here, Cole.”Derek said.
“Same here,”I added .
“Don’t move.”Someone said behind me.
“Joey?”Cole asked in my ear.
“Huh?”I asked.
“Be careful.”
“You know me.”I said as I peeked behind me.
“Get against the wall!”the guy said as he pushed me.
“That’s why I’m worried.”Cole implored .
I kicked the guy behind me somewhere I wasn’t sure of.
He fell and grabbed his gut.
“Nice.”Derek said.
“Watch someone else!”I yelled,“I feel weird being watched!”
He laughed.
“You—You're that idiot who robbed our bank.”The guy stammered .
He tried to get up.
I pushed him down with my foot,“Don’t.”
He started laughing,“Boy are you dumb.”
I pointed my rifle at him and shot him. I closed my eyes;it ’s never easy to take a life. I opened my eyes and continued down the hall.
“Hey, Derek, how many guards do you see?”I asked.
“Uh, not many, John locked himself in his office, with a couple of guards.”He said in my ear.
“How many?”Cole asked.
“About five, close to you, Joey.”He informed .
“Joey, don’t move, I’m coming to you, Derek meet us by John’s office, we’ll take him down together.”Cole said,“Over and out.”
I smiled,“Over and out.”
“Over and out.”
I sat on a chair and waited for Cole.


CHAPTER 9 

Five minutes past and no sign of Cole, I leaned back in a chair and put my feet up on a table.
“You know, it’s not safe to be off guard like that.”Derek said in my ears.
A gun cocked behind me,“You never know if someone nearby might see you.”A familiar voice said.
I got up and faced Cole.
“About time.”I said.
“Sorry, bathroom break.”He admitted ,“Let’s go.”
We walked down the hall.
“Guys, I’m headed down there now, see ya there.”Derek said.
“Alright.”Cole and I said at the same time.
We turned a corner.
“Can’t wait to get my hands on this guy.”Cole said rubbing his fists.
“Is that alarm going to keep going off?”I asked.
The alarm was still on.
“Yeah, I broke it trying to turn it off.”Cole informed .
I smiled,“Nice.”
He nodded,“I know.”
“So, is the team going to split now that Ken’s gone?”I asked.
He stopped and looked at me,“What kind of question is that?”
I shrugged.
“Is that what you think? That I was going to just get up and stop doing what we all love, just because John and his retarded self,killed our friend? Ken would want us to continue.”He said.
“Just a question.”
He huffed,“I know, it’s just, that’s what I’ve been thinking ever since Ken died.”
We continued walking.
“That it?”I asked pointing at a door.
Derek came up to us, shushing us.
We nodded.
“Ready?” He whispered.
I smiled.“Duh,”
On the count of three we kicked the door in.
“About time, I was beginning to think you were never going to make it.”His majesty said.
He was surrounded by five or six guards, who had machine guns.
“Were we late for the tea party?”I asked.
“Oh, the party has just begun.”John smiled.
His guard let off shots and we ducked down. I cocked my rifle and started shooting some of the guards. Two went down, and then Cole shot two more.
“My turn,”Derek cheered shooting two more guys.
Cole gave us the stop signal. I put my gun down and waited. We got up and looked around. Despite all the smoke, and the dead bodies, the room was empty.
“Where’d he go?”Derek asked the question all of us were thinking.
We were blocking the only exit.
A whistle brought our attention behind us. John and his last guard stood there. The guard lifted his gun and shot at us.
We darted to either side.
“I’m getting real sick of this guy.”Cole said cocking his last pistol.
“True that.”I agreed.
We hung half way out the door aiming for the guard.
He went down and John fled.
We went up to the guard.
“Nice head shot.”Derek said.
“Thanks.”Cole and I said at the same time.
We looked at each other.
“That was my shot.”I said.
He shook his head,“You wish.”
“It totally was, look how the bullet lined up.” I said looking at the dead guards bullet wound on his forehead.
“Don’t lie, that was so mine.”Cole said.
“Dudes,”Derek called .
“Lie? Me? You’re joking.”I said.
“I don’t joke.”Cole pointed to himself.
“Guys,”
“That was my shot.”I protested.
“No, Joey, it was mine, I shot first.”Cole argued.
“Wow.”Derek said walking away.
“You can’t aim if it was the last thing you do!”I fumed .
“Oh, and you don’t even know how to use a gun!”Cole yelled.
“Y’all coming?”Derek asked.
We slowly walked towards him.
“Admit it! That wasn’t your shot!” I yelled.


CHAPTER 10 

We caught up with John trying to make an escape.
Too bad for him, his escape was a vent that was too small for him. We found half of him sticking out of a hole in the wall. And it had to be the nasty half. As soon as we saw him we died.
Derek rolled on the floor as Cole tortured John by smacking him on the butt and kicking him in it.
Karma's a bitch.
“Stop playing!”John yelled,“Get me the hell out of here!”
“This is priceless.”Derek laughed.
“I can see this on the papers,”Cole said,“BIG TIME DRUG DEALER CAUGHT IN A VENT!”
“Nice!”I said.
“You guys are so dead!”John yelled, it echoed.
I cocked my gun and placed it on his butt.
“Now what was that again?”I asked,“I can really make you shit yourself.”
Derek and Cole laughed.
I didn’t get what they were laughing at until I really saw what I was doing. I bent over laughing. I stood up wiping tears out of my eyes. My ribs hurt.
“Okay let’s get it over with.”Cole got serious  and cocked his gun and went up to John.
“Wait! Wait! Wait!”John cried.
“What?”Cole whined.
“I can pay you?”John suggested.
“Nah,”Cole said putting the gun on his butt.
“Please?”John cried.
“Why? Why should we let you go?”I asked.
“Listen.”John said.
We were quiet.
“Sirens!”Derek pointed out.
He got up and went to the window,“Oh crap!”
He ran back to us,“Fifty cops out there at least!”
I kicked John,“What did you do?”
“It’s a trap, you dummy, that’s ten years for a bullet. Ouch, looks like all of you are due for life.”He said.
I plopped in a chair.
“He’s lying,” Derek said,“No way its ten years for a bullet.”
“No, he’s telling the truth, it is ten years per bullet.”Cole said.
“Dammit! I can ’t do prison!”Derek yelled,“Do you know what they do to people like us in prison?!”
“Calm down, we’re not going to prison!”Cole yelled.
John laughed,“Don’t count it.”
We all looked at him.
“Let’s kill him then make a run for it.”I suggested.
John stopped laughing.
“Good idea.”Cole said placing the gun back on John ’s butt.
“How about we do it together?”Derek added.
“Yep,”I said getting up and putting my rifle next to Cole ’s pistol.
Derek soon joined in, his shot gun next to mine.
“This is going to make a huge mess.”Cole pointed out.
“No, no, don’t, please,”John cried.
“Oh, now look who’s begging for his life.”I said.
“Please, don’t, I’ll do anything,”John cried.
“Don’t give me that, I’ll do anything excuse! We all know you won’t do anything.”I yelled.
“I don’t know Joey, maybe he will do anything.”Cole said 
I bent down,“Will you literally do anything John?”I asked.
He thought about it,“Yes, yes I will.”
“That’s just nasty.”Derek pointed out.
“You said anything.”John said.
“We didn’t mean that.”I said.
“Maybe we should let him go.”Cole suggested.
“What? Why?”I asked.
“To bargain with the police,”He said.
“Yeah, that’s a good, idea, maybe we won’t get life.”Derek said.
“Really,”I asked,“Let the sicko go?”
They shrugged.
“He said he’d do anything.”Derek said.
I looked at John.
“No let’s kill him now.”I put my gun against his butt.
“Come on, Joey will you think about it, we won’t get charged with murder, who are they going to believe? A big time drug dealer or us,”Cole asked.
I looked at him,“A big time drug dealer!”
He shook his head,“Think about it.”
I sighed and looked down,“Fine.”
I took my rifle away from John.
“But if you don’t keep your word, I will kill you, without losing a second of sleep.”I warned John.
“Okay, I give you guys my word!”he said.
Cole nodded,“Let’s get him out.”
Together we pulled John out of the vent. I tried not to laugh the couple of times he didn’t move whenever we pulled him. When we finally got him out we were all tired.
We sat down and laughed.
“Stuff like that doesn’t happen every day.”John said.
“Tell me about it.”I agreed.
We soon got up and started towards the front door.
I walked up with John.
“Ya know, I didn’t think you could change like that.”I said.
He smiled,“I cant.”
“What?”I asked.
“It takes a while.”
“Right…”
“And you know what the funniest thing is?”he asked.
“What’s that?”
“Begging for your life never works; it’s the idiots who give in.”
I looked at him and he smiled and raised his eyebrows. Then I looked down at the gun he had pointed at my side.
And he fired.

CHAPTER 11 

I fell to the floor in pain, next thing I knew, Cole and Derek were by my side.
“Oh, crap, Joey, its okay.” Cole sympathized.
“That son of a bitch.” Derek ripped his shirt.
I looked down at the blood on my shirt. Derek gave Cole his shirt and he held it against my side.
“Where’d he go?”Cole asked.
“He ran.”Derek said.
“Can you stand?”Cole asked me.
“I—I think.”I stammered.
He nodded and helped me up.
I flinched at the pain as we walked down the hallway.
“There he is.”Derek said.
I looked up and saw John just running out the front door.
Then the sound of guns cocking,
“Don’t move!”someone yelled.
“Drop the weapon!”another yelled.
We came out the front door and I saw about three cop cars and an ambulance.
“Don’t shoot!”John cried,“It’s them!”
I took my hand away from my side and looked at all the blood on my fingers.
“Josh!”Cole yelled.
We walked down the stairs and I almost fell.
“We need help over here!”Derek yelled.
Cole placed me on the ground and someone came over to me. I closed my eyes and tried to take the pain. Suddenly I was being carried by a stretcher.
“Oh, my god!”a familiar voice yelled.
“Get back!”someone ordered.
“That’s my brother!”Josh yelled then he was by my side.
I opened my eyes.
“Shit, you’re going to be okay.”He cried.
As they placed me into the ambulance I heard voices.
Some of which were familiar, and others I didn’t recognize. I felt someone smack my arm and give me antibiotics.
Or so I thought. Then they rubbed my arm on the spot where they gave me a shot.
“You’re going to be alright.”A  female voice said sweetly.
I tried to sit up but a soft hand pushed me back down. I had enough time to see what made me smile. John was being carried away to a cop car in handcuffs,
“This could be the happiest ending ever.”I thought.
Suddenly a door slammed shut and we took off.
	

CHAPTER 12 

	
I woke up in a hospital with Derek, Cole and Josh sleeping in chairs. I smiled and tried to sit up. I flinched in pain but managed. Slowly they opened their eyes.
“Hey, you’re awake.”Cole smiled .
“I think.”I said.
Josh laughed,“Trust me you are.”
“What time is it?”I asked.
“Noon,”Derek said checking his watch.
“I didn’t sleep long.”I informed .
“It’s the next day.”Derek said.
“Oh.”
“How are you feeling?”Cole asked.
“Despite being shot, fine.”I said stretching,“Oh yeah, Derek, really? About fifty cop cars at least? There were about five.”
We laughed.
“Exaggeration much?”Cole asked.
“A little, but John believed it.”Derek said.
I looked at Josh, his head was down. I looked back up at Cole who was looking at me.
“Derek follow me to the vending machine.”Cole said.
“What? Why?”Derek asked.
“Just come on!”Cole ordered.
They got up and left the room.
I looked back at Josh, his head still down.
“You got a cigarette?”I asked.
He looked up and knit his eye brows,“You can’t smoke in here.”
“Darn,”I said,“Never mind then.”
My eyes wondered from the door to the window then to Josh twice. It’s always hard to talk to him. If we were going to start over, I had to change too.
“How come we weren’t arrested?”I asked.
He smiled,“I told someone there was a hostage situation and some people were dead.”
“How come we didn’t get in trouble? We killed some of the people too.”
“I told them that you were the hostages and you did it for self-protection.”He said,“John got life. Ten years per bullet.”
I smiled and looked at him. He looked up at me and smiled,“How’s that for Big Brother?”
	
	
ONE YEAR LATER...
	
	
“The thing you have to know is, life can’t get you anywhere, and it’s the pain that builds up inside you that gets you places. Anger and pain is the key to any man’s survival, the more anger you have and the more pain you have it makes you strong, it makes you want to finish what you started, especially when everyone’s saying you can’t.”
Cole’s motto is something we all know very well, it helps us when were at the brink of damnation.
Ever since John was arrested last year, my life was never the same, it was better. Other than losing a dear friend, things have been better, my brother and I have been getting along and talking more with fewer fights, our jobs have been successful, and no more drug dealers trying to kill us.
Even Kyle and Rose got a new start; they live with my sister Megan, and stopped getting into trouble.
Everything seemed almost perfect, almost…
	


“John’s out of jail?!”T he shocking news hit me like a ton of bricks.
“Are you serious?”Derek asked my brother.
“Yeah, he escaped a couple days ago.” Josh told us.
“Where do you think he’d go?”I asked.
“Only one guess,”He responded.
“You don’t think he’d come here?”Cole questioned.
Josh looked at him and shrugged. I sat back on the couch and ran my hand through my hair.
“We’ll fix this.”Josh encouraged.
“He’s not going to just let some cops stop him from killing us.”I sat up.
“He is not going to kill us.”Cole informed.
“He’s going to try.”I pointed out.
“We’re going to stop him this time for good.”Cole informed.
“If I know him, I would guess he would try to contact one of you, he’s not as clever as he thinks he is.”Josh sat on the couch.
“I wouldn’t count on it.”I said.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”Derek asked.
I sighed,“I don’t know, the guy tried to kill us, he almost killed me. I think he’s pissed enough to just strike unexpectedly.”
“Joey’s right, he might be in that psychotic stage, where his only goal is to kill us.”Cole said.
“Psychopath,”Derek shifted in his chair.
“Exactly,”Cole agreed.
“Every officer in the state is looking for John.”Josh told us.
“So he can’t leave.”I pointed out.
“And he knows we know he’s out of jail.”Cole said.
“The whole city knows.”Derek laid back.
“Is there any way that we can intercept his first move?”I asked,“Because he might just succeed the first try.”
“We have to wait until he tries to make his move, John’s only been in jail for a year;he may already have a plan.”Cole informed .
“Until then, stay low, and stay together, we’ll figure it out.”Josh got up and went into the kitchen.
I got up and started out the door.
“Where are you going?”Cole asked.
“To go warn Megan,”I slammed the door behind me.
I got in the car and sped off down the street. All our meetings happen at Cole’s house. Something like this, we would have to move back to our safe house until John is back in jail or even better, dead.
I turned the corner and switched on the radio,“Still no answers on how John Adams escaped state prison, authorities ask anyone with information containing Johns ware-about to call this number 1-800-35-” I switched the station.
I stopped, waiting for the light to change.
We all know John’s first move will be to kill me.
His majesty always knows best.
I sat back and sighed.
“This city, it’s a mess, first a year ago, there was a huge hostage situation downtown, the guy killed lots of people, now, that guy, escapes the prison, I mean, weren’t the guards paying him any attention? He just slipped by them—” I turned the volume down.
Everyone was looking for John, like he’s famous or something.
“What the hell?”I said to myself looking at the light, it was still red.
My phone rang inside my pocket.
I took it out and looked at the caller ID: Restricted.
Only one guess on whom it is,“What the fuck do you want?”
“You know what I want.”John said.
“I’m clueless.”
He laughed,“Revenge.”
“Whatever so for?”I asked.
“Don’t play dumb with me boy, I know why you and your team were at my bank last year.”
A car pulled to a stop next to me.
“And why’s that?”
“You didn’t rob it,”
I rolled my eyes,“No shit.”
“That kid, Kyle robbed it, or at least tried, you guys were there to whack someone, if I’m correct.”
I looked down as he finished.
“That kid was only a minor setback; well that’s what you thought. That kid was the start of this all, he robbed the wrong bank, and you took the blame, well like my mom always says, karma's a bitch.”
Movement from the car next to me got my attention; the two guys in the front had machine guns.
I dropped the phone and ducked down as they each let off shots. Minutes later the shots stopped and the car sped off.
I got up and stepped on the gas.
“That is it!”I growled.

CHAPTER 13 

Soon I was behind the car, racing down the street.
I picked up my phone.
“Missed me fucker!”I yelled .
He sucked his teeth,“Darn, looks like that leaves the kid.”
He hung up.
“Shit.”I dialed Cole ’s number.
I kept behind the car, trying to run it off the road.
Cole answered the phone laughing,“Yeah?”
“Cole, Get to Megan’s house now,”I said.
“Why?”He asked.
The car in front of me let off shots.
“Fuck.”I said trying to keep the car steady.
“Joey, what’s going on over there?”Cole asked.
“Go to Megan’s, Kyle’s in trouble.”I hung up.
I swerved to the side of the car then jammed into them, trying to knock them off the road.
They continued shooting.
“You have to run out of bullets sometime soon, faggot.”I said to myself.
I jammed into them again, he kept on the road. I pulled up on the side of them, as soon as the bullets stopped. We jammed into each other. A truck was coming on the other side of the road.
I tried to pull back but the other car jammed into me. I swerved and lost control of the car. I hit the truck and went spinning off the road. The car was smashed, my seat belt had me trapped upside down in the car. My leg was caught under the wheel. A car spitted to a stop in front of me. The two guys walked up to the car.
“You shouldn’t mess with fire, kid,you ’ll get burnt.”One guy informed .
The other reached in his pocket and took out a pack of matches.
My eyes widened and I struggled to get out. The pain in my legs made it difficult. Suddenly a police siren went off near us and a car pulled up in the back of them. They guys turned and dropped the matches.
Two officers got out of the car, I could only see their feet, but somehow I knew one of them was Josh. Then one of the officers came running up to the car I was trapped in. Josh ducked down and I closed my eyes.
“What are you doing?”He asked.
I opened them,“Just hanging around.”
He shook his head,“Smart ass. Hold on.”He took out his pocket knife and cut my seat belt.
I fell on my face, and my leg twisted free. I flinched at the pain as I landed on the shattered glass.
“Sorry.”Josh said holding out his hand.
I took it and he helped me out of the car.
The two guys were in cuffs on the police car.
I limped over there to punch them but the officer stopped me,“You can’t hit them.”
“Come on, Just once?”I asked.
The officer looked at Josh, who nodded.
“Fine,”He moved out the way.
I clenched my fist and swung as hard as I could, then hit the first guy in the gut. He dubbed over and the officer put him back on the cop car. I went up to the next guy and whacked him in the face with the back of my hand.
“Feel better?”Josh asked.
I sighed heavily,“Completely.”
I turned to face him,“We need to go to Megan’s.”
“Why?”He asked.
I rolled my eyes,“Just come on.”
I went up to his cop car and got inside, he followed.
We pulled off as another cop car pulled in.
“What’s going on?”Josh asked as we sped down the street.
“John called me, that’s what this thing was all about, then he said he knew Kyle was the one who robbed his bank. Now he ’s trying to get revenge.” I said as he made a sudden left turn.
“On who? Kyle?”he asked.
I nodded,“Hurry.”

We arrived at Megan’s house a couple minutes later, but we weren’t the only ones there. Turns out John got there before he called me.
As we pulled up, a cop car and an ambulance sped off down the street, sirens wailing. I darted out of the car and ran inside. Josh not far behind. When I got inside, Megan was in on the couch in tears.
“What happened?”I asked as I came up to her.
“That son of a bitch John.”she cried.
I sat down next to her as Josh stood above us.
“What’d he do?”He asked in a tense voice.
“They came in with guns, told us, if we didn’t do what they say, they’d kill us.”she cried.
“But, what happened?”I asked again.
“Uh, Cole, Derek and someone I didn’t know came. They had a shootout.”She said wiping her eyes.
I looked around the room and noticed the bullet holes in the wall.
“But, Megan? Why was the ambulance here?”Josh asked.
A single tear ran down Megan’s face,“She’s dead.”
It took me a moment to realize who she was,“That mother fucker killed Rose?”
She closed her eyes and nodded.
“Where’s he at now?”Josh asked.
“He ran, when he heard the cops, as did Cole and the others.”she said wiping her eyes.
“Did Kyle go with them?”I asked.
She nodded,“He flipped out, and they could barely control him.”
“Jeez.”I said taking my phone out.
I got up and called Cole.
“Joey thank god, you had us worried.”The sound of crying was heard behind Cole ’s voice.
“He alright?”I asked.
“For now,”
I sighed,“We have to put a stop to this, again.”
Cole laughed lightly,“Any ideas?”
I looked back at Megan and Josh,“Kind of.”
“Joey, if you’re thinking what I think you’re thinking, no way.”Cole said.
“Well.”
“You can’t risk your life just for this, man.”
“Why, he’s going to kill me anyway.”
“Don’t say that, Joey listen to me, there has to be another way.”
I sighed,“Fine.”
“We’ll find another way, just...”He sighed.
“Don’t worry Cole, I won’t do nothing dumb yet.”
“That’s a relief.”
“I’ll be there in a few, you where I think y’all are?”
“Yeah,”
“Alright,”
“Joey?”
“Yeah,”
“Be careful man, John’s goons are everywhere.”
“I’ll do my best.”I hung up and put my phone away.
I turned to look at Megan and Josh; they were sleeping on the couch.
I smiled going into the kitchen. I wrote a note saying I had took Megan’s car and would give it back soon. Only problem was, her car, was a red minivan, with a bumper sticker that said, Girl’s rule, and Boys drule.
“Nice ride.”some smart ass teenager said as we were waiting for the light to change.
I looked over to him and his friends.
“That things a chick magnet.”one of his friends laughed.
“That’s why your mom was in it last night.”I said.
“Man, go somewhere with your old ass jokes.”the teenager said.
I laughed and turned my head. My cell phone started to ring. I took it out and looked at the caller ID, Restricted.
I laughed and answered it.
“Well, if it isn’t the dirt bag himself.”I said.
“Hello, to you to.”John said.
“You got to whole lot of balls calling me when the entire police force is looking for your ass.”
“Life’s weird isn’t it?”
“Weird? You mean fucked up.”
“No, I mean weird.”
“Where are you going with this?”
He laughed,“Just think, if it wasn’t for Kyle, you wouldn’t be in this mess, your friend wouldn’t have his head chopped off.”
“Fuck you John, just wait till we find your ass.”
“Why wait?”
“Keep it up, with your smart remarks; we’ll see who’s begging for their life again.”
“And we’ll see who gets shot again, maybe this time; your brother won’t be there to save your ass.”
“You know what John,”I stepped on the gas as the light changed,“Go fuck yourself.”
He laughed as I hung up.
I arrived at the safe house about 15 minutes after I got off of the phone with John. When I went in Kyle was asleep on the couch and from what I could tell the house was empty.
I put my stuff down and went into the back room, sudden laughter and talking brought my attention to the rooftop.
Cole, Derek and our old friend Sean talked and laughed, drinking alcohol out on the roof.
As I went out the window Sean tried to get up and hug me but fell flat on his butt.
“What’s up homes?”he said lifting his bottle in the air.
I sat down next to the window we use to climb on the roof,“Hey, Sean.”
I looked at Cole, the only one not drinking.
“Isn’t it a little dangerous to let them drink on the roof?”I asked him.
He shrugged,“If they fall, it’s on them.”
“Yeah, cause it’s our lives!”Derek yelled throwing his drink off the roof.
I rolled my eyes, Derek is awesome when he’s drunk, now I know why Sean’s here.
Derek won’t ever touch a drink until his best bud his here to share the moment.
“So, what’s up Joey?”Sean asked.
“Not much, life’s hell though.”
“It always is man.”he said.
Cole and I met eyes
“Let’s get these drunks inside.”He said.
We got up and I got Derek and Cole got Sean. I grabbed Derek’s arm and tried to lift him, but he fell down, nearly off the roof. As soon as he landed, he cracked up. I rolled my eyes trying to give him a hand.
“He’s dumb when he drinks.”Sean said halfway inside the window.
“He’s dumb even when he doesn’t drink.”I informed .
Derek got up,“I no dumb.”
“Sure.”I said taking his hand.
“Need help?”Cole asked.
“Yeah.”I said dropping Derek on the roof.
“Ouch.”He said as he tried to stand.
Cole smiled and punched me playfully as he went to get Derek.
I went back inside and sat next to Sean.
“You know, Joey, I’ve been hearing about this guy who escaped jail the other day, and the things people are saying, they should be scared of him.” He said.
“Especially if that guy wants you dead,” I said.
He nodded,“Especially.”
Cole came through the window,“He’s so heavy.”
I looked over at him carrying Derek,“What happened?”
“He got annoying, so I punched him in the face.”He said laying Derek on the couch next to Sean.
“Sweet dreams.” Sean said.
I got up,“Night, Guys.”
I went in the back room and lay down in a bed.
	

CHAPTER 14 

I woke up the next morning and Kyle was the only one awake. He sat where he slept watching television.
“Hey, man.”I said sitting next to him.
He looked at me and smiled,“Hey.”
“What are you watching?”I asked.
He shrugged,“Flicking through channels.”
He stopped at the channel 14, ads.
“Something on your mind?”I asked him.
He nodded,“I was wondering, When you guys go to kill that guy, John, I could, I don’t know, I could go with?”
“Uh, kid, I don’t know.”
“Why not?”Derek said from the couch.
He sat up,“He could go.”
“Derek, first of all, he’s way too young.”
“I’m eighteen.”Kyle interrupted me.
“He’s old enough.”Derek said.
I sighed,“Fine by me, but you got to ask Cole.”
“Ask Cole what?”Cole asked from the kitchen.
Our eyes went to Cole.
“If the kid can come.”Derek informed .
“Where?”Cole asked.
“To kill John,”Kyle said hopefully.
Cole looked at me and I shrugged.
He looked back at Kyle,“If you think you’re ready.”
Kyle smiled.
“Derek, teach him the rules, and all that I taught you and Joey.”Cole said.
Derek nodded and got up,“C’mon kid.”
Kyle followed Derek in the back.
“You really think he’d be okay going?”I asked.
Cole shrugged,“We’ll see.”
“You’re not worried that he might bug out?”
He laughed.
“What?”I asked.
“That’s what Ken said when I hired you.”He said.
I smiled and looked down,“You miss him don’t you?”
He nodded looking down.
Ken was the first person Cole ever trained for the team; he’s been searching for the others for years, until he found me, Derek, and Sean.
A couple jobs in, Sean got a little carried away with the fact that we kill people. Soon he went crazy, almost ruining our jobs and almost risking our lives. Cole then thought it would be best to let him go.
“Ken’s dead?” Sean asked from the couch.
Cole looked at him.
“Yeah, man...”I said.
“But... how? When?”Sean asked.
“You, uh, know that guy you were telling me about last night?”I asked.
He looked down then back up at me,“That John fellow?”
I nodded.
“You mean, he killed my boy?”Sean asked.
Cole nodded,“Yeah.”
“When?”Sean shifted in his seat.
Cole sighed,“Last year.”
Sean shook his head,“Y’all going to go after him?”
“Uh,”
“Yeah,” I interrupted Cole.
“I’m coming with.” Sean said.
“As long as you behave,” Cole pointed out.
Sean rolled his eyes,“I will, until we find John that is.”
“I mean it, Sean, don’t get out of hand.”Cole ordered .
Sean put up his left hand,“I won’t, I promise.”
Cole nodded as I got up and went into the back room with to see what Derek and Kyle were doing.
“Good, good, keep your head up.”Derek said to Kyle.
I walked in and stood on the wall. Derek was teaching Kyle what Cole taught us, Defense. They stood in front of each other in fighting position.
“Never tighten up your fists, let your fingers loose so you can grab anything coming at you.”Derek said.
Kyle obeyed.
“Now, from what I just taught you, and from all the television you watch,”
Kyle laughed at Derek’s words.
“Try to take me down.”Derek looked at me.
I nodded and stood up, Ready to join in.
Derek swung at Kyle, but he intercepted it and grabbed Derek’s hand then kneed him in the ribs.
Derek stood up straight,“Not bad.”
Kyle smiled,“I have my moments.”
Derek came at Kyle again, Kyle tried to block but Derek seized the moment and put him in a headlock.
A move we all know very well.
“What now?”Derek asked.
“Watch and learn.”Kyle then elbowed Derek in the gut and got loose.
I then joined in, going for Kyle.
He released what was going on and dodged me, kicking me in the leg.
I fell down but got back up. Derek and I trapped Kyle.
“Try to take us both down.”I ordered.
Kyle nodded;“With pleasure.” he came at me.
I grabbed his arm and threw him towards Derek, who grabbed him and slammed him on the ground.
“Bang! You ’re dead.”Cole said coming towards us.
Sean leaned up against the wall.
“Got to be quicker kid, if you want to live,”Cole said helping Kyle up.
Sean got off the wall,“Let me show you something kid.”
He came towards us.
Kyle got out of the way.
“Cole, Derek, Joey? Try to take me down.”Sean said getting into fighting position.
Derek and I looked at Cole, who nodded and got into stance.
We did the same.
“Watch closely kid,”Sean said then went at Cole.
Cole grabbed Sean’s arm and threw him towards me. I put him in a headlock and kneed him in the back trying to get him on his knees.
Sean then head butted me in the face and I went onto the ground. Derek came at Sean, nearly knocking him down, but Sean elbowed Derek in the shoulder which loosened Derek’s grip.
Sean got loose and I got up standing behind him while Cole was in front of him. Derek got up and stood on the side of him.
I wiped the blood from my nose,“Let’s rumble.”
Sean smiled looking us through then came at me. I punched him in the side and he went towards Cole, who grabbed him in a headlock.
Sean then grabbed Cole’s head and flipped him, head over heels in front of him. Derek came up behind Sean and they stood face to face. Derek swung at Sean but he pushed his hands out of the way and jabbed him in the gut with his hand.
I got up and watched.
Cole got up and joined me.
“This should be interesting.”I said crossing my arms.
Derek re-straightened and got back into position.
They circled each other waiting on who would make the first move. Derek grabbed Sean’s arm, but Sean flipped him head over heels and he landed smack on his back.
I winced,“Ouch.”
Cole laughed.
Derek got back up and they continued circling each other.
“Make your move!”I called.
“Joey, bite me.”Sean said.
I laughed.
Derek then grabbed Sean’s other hand and jabbed him twice in the side. Sean put Derek in a headlock, Derek elbowed him in the side and he let go.
They, again, stood face to face. Derek grabbed Sean’s arm but Sean pulled him to the ground and jabbed him in the side with his fist twice. Derek went onto the ground.
Sean stood up straight,“See kid? That’s how I handle idiots.”
Derek then kicked Sean’s legs and made him fall on his back.
“And that’s how I deal with assholes like you.”Derek said getting up.
Cole smiled,“Nice.”
Derek shrugged.
I went over and helped Sean up.
“Y’all didn’t change one bit did y’all?” He asked as he wiped his butt off.
I laughed shaking my head,“Not that much.”
Kyle came over to us,“Nice lesson.”
“You can’t learn anything without watching TV.” Sean informed.
“What?”I asked.
“Let’s go watch some television.” He insisted.
“Okay.”I said walking out the room.



As soon as I was walking up the steps to the living room, my phone rang.
I took it out and answered it,
“Captain Bob speaking,”I joked.
“Oh, uh, sorry, I must have dialed the wrong number.”Josh said.
I knit my eyebrows,“Uh, yes, goodbye.”
I hung up, shook my head and walked into the living room.
“Who was that?”Cole asked as I sat next to him on the couch.
“Josh.”I informed .
“What he say?”
“He got the wrong number.”
Cole looked confused,“What?”
Derek laughed walking in,“That’s cause, Captain Bob over here, is an idiot.”
He pointed at me.
I laughed.
“Captain Bob?”Cole asked confused.
I shook my head,“Long story.”
My phone then rung again. I took it out and answered it.
“Captain Bob speaking.”I said smiling.
Cole shook his head.
“I know it’s you.”John said.
I got serious,“What do you want?”
He sucked his teeth,“Looks like I got my revenge.”
My eyes went wide,“What do you mean?”
He chuckled,“I’ll send a pic.”
He hung up.
Seconds later my phone vibrated.
I looked at the picture...
“Now, you’ve gone too far.”I mumbled .
Cole looked over my shoulder at the picture,“Is that?”
“Yep,”I said pissed.
It was a picture of Michael; John must have taken him and tortured him, looking for us.
Good thing he didn’t look dead in the picture.“I know exactly where that picture was taken.” Cole said.
My phone rang; I answered it knowing exactly who it was,
“Like it?”John asked.
“Why’d you take him? He had nothing to do with anything.” I said.
“Trust me; he had more to do with this then you think.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You’ll find out soon enough.”
“And you’ll be dead soon enough.” I hung up.
I got up,“Cole you know where that picture was taken?”
He nodded,“The old warehouse on 60.”
“Let’s go.”I went in the back room where we kept our weapon dresser.
“All of us?”Kyle asked.
“Yeah,”I said taking out two silent pistols.
Everyone else did the same.
“Guess we’re going in silent.”Cole said putting his weapons away in his pants.
“Silence is a killer.”I said going into the kitchen.
I went into the fridge and grabbed a drink, before I could close it; Sean stopped me, and went into the fridge then grabbed a ketchup bottle.
He smiled and winked at me as he shut the fridge.
“I don’t want to know.”I said walking away.
	

CHAPTER 15 
	
We drove down the street; it was about two in the afternoon.
“Here put this on.”Cole handed me a bullet proof vest.
“I don’t need this.”I pushed it away.
“Joey, trust me you do.”He shoved it at me.
“I don’t, I’ll be fine.”I informed .
He looked at me crossed,“Put the vest on.”
“Or what?”I asked.
“Or I’ll call Josh.”he threatened.
“You wouldn’t.”
“I will, now put the vest on.”He shoved it at me again.
I took it,“Fine.”
I took my shirt off and put the vest on.
“You’ll thank me later.”Cole said as I put my shirt back on.
“Sure.”I said.
“Stop being so dramatic,”Kyle teased.
Cole slapped him a vest,“You’re putting one on too.”
Kyle sighed heavily and took the vest.
“Stop being so dramatic,”I teased.
Sean and Derek laughed.
“I wouldn’t be laughing any longer you two, you’re putting a vest on too.”Cole said throwing them each a vest.
They rolled their eyes and took their shirts off to put the vest on.
“I think we’re here.”Cole said as he pulled over on the curb.
We got out.
I handed Cole a vest,“Don’t think you’re getting away without wearing one.”
He rolled his eyes taking it.
“Stop being so dramatic,”Kyle and I said at the same time.
Cole took his shirt off and put the vest on.
“There’s no entry?”Kyle questioned .
“There is, we’re just not using it.”Cole responded putting his shirt back on.
We followed him over the fence, and sneaked in through the vent.
“How are we going in?”Sean asked.
“Stay quiet, try to be undetected.”Cole handed us an ear piece,“Kid, you’re with me, Derek, like always, find your way into the security room and get control of the security cameras.”
“And no watching me.”I warned.
“Yeah,”Cole said slowly,“Joey and Sean,”
“Yeah, yeah, kill people.” Sean interrupted.
“Stay quiet, I mean it.” Cole warned,“If they see you before we get even close to John, we’re dead.”
“Don’t worry about it; I’ll take care of it.”Sean said.
“Yeah, I don’t think so Sean, don’t blow it. I mean it; you know what happened last time.”Cole said.
Sean rolled his eyes and went crawling into a vent.
“Keep an eye on him.”Cole told me as I crawled behind Sean.
“You can trust me.”I said to him.
	

CHAPTER 16 

Sean and I crawled through the vent until we came across an opening. There was no one inside the room, it was pitch black.
“Should we go in?”Sean whispered.
“No, duh,”I whispered back then kicked the screen in and jumped through.
The room was dark; the only light was that of the door. Sean jumped down as I took my pistol out.
“What?”He asked taking his pistol out.
“You hear that?”I asked going up to the door.
I put my ear against it,“I swear to you man, the guys going crazy.”A muffled voice said.
Sean came next to me,“I get one you get the other?”
I took my ear off of the door,“Head shots.”
He nodded as I backed up.
I slowly opened the door and in an instant the two guys went down.
“That barely made a sound.”Sean said.
I nodded,“Help me move the bodies in here.”
He grabbed one and I grabbed the other and we dragged them in the dark room and closed the door.
“Come on.”I said.
We went down the hall.
I held my earpiece,“Derek, have you reached the security room yet?”
“Yeah, but there are about a hundred guys inside,”He said in my ear.
“Where exactly is the security room?”Sean asked.
“Well, I followed you two and I found it on the one after you guys went in.”Derek said.
“That should be just right up here.”I pointed in front of us.
“We’ll be over there in two seconds.”Sean said.
We started walking to find the security room.
“So what’s the job like without me?”Sean asked.
Uh, better I guess.”I admitted.
“Sure, you people know you miss me.”He said.
I sighed,“Whatever.”
We reached the security room with Derek standing with his ear on the door.
He didn’t hear us coming.
Sean winked at me and went slowly up to Derek with his gun out. Then he placed his pistol on Derek’s head and whispered,“Don’t move.”
Derek’s face was enough to make anyone bust out laughing. I almost did until I thought about it and forced myself not to. Derek turned around and punched Sean playfully.
“I was about to shit myself.”he admitted.
I went up to them,“Let’s see how we can do this.”
“Don’t cause any trouble.”Cole said in my ear.
“We won’t.”I said looking under the door.
I saw about four sets of feet.
I got back up and faced Derek,“About a hundred people?”
He shrugged,“There were a lot of feet.”
I shook my head,“Let’s do this.”
“Fast and silent,”Sean warned.
We got ready and I slowly opened the door. They didn’t even see what was coming.
“That all of them?”I asked as we walked in the security room.
“I think so.”Derek said going to the controls.
Sean and I placed the bodies against the wall in a sitting position.
“Great, now they’re going to be staring at me the whole time.”Derek complained.
“Just work your magic.”Sean said as we came up next to Derek.
“Watch this.”He said messing with the controls.
Suddenly every monitor on the screen was the same picture.
“Michael.”I said looking at the largest screen there.
“Let me zoom out.”Derek fiddled with buttons and the camera zoomed out just enough so we could see around Michael.
“There he is, the dirt bag himself.”Derek said focusing the picture on John.
“That’s John?”Sean asked.
“The one and only,”I said.
Derek cocked his head,“Let’s see if we can’t find Cole and Kyle.”
“So this is what you do with your spare time.”I said watching him flick through the cameras.
He nodded,“You know it.”
He stopped at one of the cameras,“Found them.”
“There’s no one in there.”Sean explained.
“Yeah, Derek, that rooms empty,”I said looking at the screen.
Derek rolled his eyes,“Look at the vent.”
My eyes went to the vent.
“Oh.”I said looking at Cole's head.
“Hello, Cole.”Derek said in his ear piece.
Cole looked up and gave us the middle finger,“Get back to work.”
“Yes, ma’am,”I said saluting the screen.
“Stop being a smart ass.”Cole remarked as me and Sean left the security room.
“Cole, that’s all I’ll ever be.”I said smiling.
“Just stick to the plan.”he said.
“That’s what we’re doing.”I informed .
“Yeah, well I thought you were—what the hell?”
“What?”I asked.
“Don’t move!”a voice said in my ear.
“Crap Joey, abort!”Cole said just before it was static.
“Uh, Joey what was that all about?”Sean asked.
“I think Cole got caught.”I told him .
“Quick guys, bunch of John’s goons with huge guns coming your way.”Derek said.
Sean and I met eyes then we darted in the nearest door.
“Where’d they go?”A voice said behind the door.
My heart pounded as they slowly passed.
“Find them! John said they’d be here!”
“Oh, crap guys, I’m out.”Derek said.
“Derek? Derek what’s that supposed to mean? Derek?”Sean asked.
Static.
“Oh shit, Derek? Cole?”I looked at Sean .
My phone vibrated.
I took it out and answered it.
“You thought I wouldn’t figure out when you and your team would come and try to kill me?”John asked.
“It’s not like that.”I informed .
“Don’t give me that bull, it’s exactly like that.”
I looked at the door,“What now?”
“Now, now it’s your turn to beg for your life, and your brother won’t be there to bail you out.”
“John don’t you do anything that you’d regret.” I warned.
He laughed,“Trust me; I won’t; now why don’t you come out from that room and face me?”
“What room?”
“Stop playing dumb.”
“Who’s playing?”
“You really don’t want to make me mad.”
“Why? Are you going to blow steam?”
“Look you little smart ass, if you can’t see what exactly I’m looking at, then you’d better start thinking of a new plan.”
“Too late,”
“Let me ask you a simple question, which one of your siblings do you like better?”
“What?”
“I said, which one of your sib—”
“I heard what you said.” I cut him off.
“Then answer the question.”
“Go fuck yourself.”
He laughed,“That’s what I’d thought you’d say.”
“What’s that mean?”
“I got a quote for you,”
“What?”I asked confused,
“What doesn’t hurt you; will kill you.”
“You practice that?”
“Soon, you will figure out what that means.”
“Until then,”
“Its war,”
“It’s been war, John.”I corrected .
“No, my friend, the war has just begun.”
I looked at Sean and hung up.
“We have to get out of here.”he said.
“You think?”
He looked up,“I think I found a way.”
I grabbed a chair and placed it under the vent. Sean got on it and messed with the screen of the vent until it came off.
“Hurry,”I said as he climbed into the vent.
As soon as he was through I climbed the chair and got in the vent behind him, kicking the chair over. Soon we found an exit, too bad it was fifteen feet above the ground.
Sean stuck his feet out of the vent.
“What are you doing?”I asked him.
“Only way out.”
He jumped.
I stuck my head out of the vent.
Sean was on the ground holding his leg.
“Hurt?”I asked.
“You’re an ass, you know that?” he laughed .
“You’re the one that jumped.” I said.
He sighed getting up,“Your turn.”
I looked at the ground,“Uh, sure.”
“Don’t be a wimp.”he said.
I rolled my eyes and move my head to fit my legs out the vent, and then I jumped.
I landed with a thud, and pain spread through my legs.
“Yeah, I know how it feels.”Sean said.
I got up,“W ell that was pointless.”I brushed the dirt off my pants.
“At least we’re out.”he said.
I stood up,“You know we could have went out that one?”I pointed to another vent right above the ground.
“Well if I happen to go back in time I’ll make sure to tell myself that,”H e said,“Now, let’s get out of here before we get eaten by zombies.”
He started back to the car.
I shook my head,“Eaten by zombies? Really man,”
I followed him back to the van.

CHAPTER 17 

Sean and I sat in our safe house dumbfounded.
“Can’t believe that asshole is winning,”Sean said.
“He’s not, we have to do something.”I sat up.
“The two of us?”he asked.
I looked at him,“Yeah, We have to try.”
Suddenly my phone rang; I took it out and answered it,
“Why do you keep calling me you sick fuck?”
John chuckled,“I love tormenting people.”
“Yeah, I know.”I rolled my eyes .
“Don’t think just because you escaped, doesn’t mean were through.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t need to let you live now would I?”
“Is that all your good at? Being a smart ass?”he asked.
“Nah, I’m also good at killing scum like you.”
“I wouldn’t count on it.”
“And I thought you were smart enough to give up, now look where I am.”
“You just full of jokes aren’t you? Let’s see if you joke when I kill your beloved little sister.”
“If you touch her!”
“You’ll what? Come through the phone and kill me? Good luck.”
“Just you wait, John, as soon as I get my hands on you, you and all your friends are dead.”
I hung up.
“So... who was that?”Sean asked sarcastically.
“Shut up.”I snapped .
He shrugged.
I sat down on the couch and sighed.
Sean sat down next to me,“Don’t worry bro, we’ll get your brother and sister back.”
“I hope.”I said.
“Until then, lets drink.”he said.
I faced him,“Sean in case you didn’t realize, there are a bunch of lunatics trying to kill us.”
“In case you didn’t realize, they are trying to kill you, not me, or Cole or even Derek!”Sean yelled.
I sighed.
“So it’s your problem.”He said.
I shook my head and got up,“I don’t give two shits about what you think, okay?”
He laughed,“What I think? Please, who do you think told me what happened at the bank? Just like you to skip a job to help some little girl.”
I looked at him,“Don’t tell me you wouldn’t do the same thing.”
“Sike, I would have just let them be, man, I’m nothing like you. I care about my career.”he said.
“See, that’s just you, Sean. Don’t give two shits about anyone but yourself, no wonder Cole kicked you off the team.”I walked towards the door.
I slammed it on my way out.
I walked down the staircase of the safe house.
I sighed and looked down when I was out front; I guess I was going in alone.
I looked back up and walked down the street with my hands in my pocket.
As people walked passed me I felt like the outcast, I understood exactly what Sean was saying, all this was my fault, I never should of stopped to help that little girl, and I never should have helped Kyle at the bank, I should of just stuck to the plan.
I know it was the right thing to do, but look where it got me. Now I have to settle this once and for all, alone or not. I took out my phone and called the one person I hated the most,
“Yes?”John asked in a peppy voice 
“Let’s make a deal.”I said.
“I’m listening.”
I sighed,“Let them go, and I’ll won’t kill you.”
“Sounds tempting, but not good enough.”
“Fine, a trade.”
“Go on.”
I stopped,“My family, my friends—for me.”
“So you’re willing to give your life to save everyone else?”
“It depends.”
“On?”he asked.
“If you’re into the trade,”
He paused,“Sure, when and where?”
“You know that old warehouse by Kolas?”
“Yeah,”
“There, at 10.”
He chuckled,“It’s a date.”
I hung up then turned around and walked back to the safe house.
	

CHAPTER 18 

When I reached the safe house I went in looking for Sean. I soon realized the house was empty. I figured that would be the last time I saw Sean and we argued, so I took my phone out and dialed his number, It rung four times and I got his machine,
“Sean, listen, I’m sorry for getting mad at you, I was wrong and you were right, they are only after me, I started all this, and now I’m going to fix it.”I hung up.
I sighed and looked at the clock; I had three hours to prepare myself. This is it; it’s all about to go down soon. I walked over to the weapon dresser and grabbed as many of the pistols as I could carry. I placed them all over the room, two in the sides of the sofa, one in the love seat, and the last two behind the TV.
I walked back to the weapon dresser and grabbed the shotgun, then placed it in the bathroom behind the toilet. Finally I grabbed the three rifles and hid one in the cabinet under the sink, another in a pile of dirty clothes, and the last one behind some pipes in a hole in the wall.
I went back to the weapon dresser and grabbed the last two pistols. As I put one of the pistols in the back of my pants the front door opened. I put my shirt down and in an instant held the other pistol at the intruder.
“Holy crap, man, It’s just me.”Sean held up his hands in surrender.
I lowered the gun,“What are you doing here?”
He smiled,“You honestly don’t think that I’m going to let you do this alone do you?”
I threw him the pistol in my hand,“Nope.”
He put it in his pants,“Now, when’s this asshole coming?”

CHAPTER 19 

I sat on the love seat watching television. The front door opened and footsteps approached, then the door slammed shut.
“About time,”I said standing.
“Traffic,”John said as I faced him.
Cole behind him looked at me and shook his head,“Don’t.”he mouthed.
“So, let’s start the trade.”John said cracking his knuckles.
“Not so fast.” I said,“First, let them go.”
John looked at me then raised his eyebrow,“Fine.”
He looked his goons and nodded,“Untie them.”
All six of his goons listened and untied everyone. Megan was the first, she ran and hugged me.
“Joey, what do you think you are doing?”she whispered in my ear.
“Shh, It’s okay,”I whispered back.
Everyone else came up to us.
“Joey...”Cole studied me.
I looked at him; looked at where I hid a pistol then back at him,“Don’t worry.”
He nodded understandingly.
“Come on, time’s a wasting.”John said behind us.
I went up to Megan and whispered in her ear,“When I say now, get down.”
“What?” She whispered back.
“Trust me.”I said.
“Hey, time is up, now come on!” John yelled.
“Now!”
Suddenly Sean busted through the back room and took one of John’s goons down. We took all took cover behind the big couch. I let shots off taking one of John’s goons down.
“Nice, plan.”Josh said,“But it would have helped if you had more guns.”
I took out the shotgun I had hid under the couch and handed it to him,“Better?”
He nodded looking at it,“Thanks.”
Cole let off shots,“Yeah, got another one.”
“You shouldn’t have done that!”John yelled.
“We’ll kiss and make up later, for now, let me kill you!”I yelled.
Derek scooted next to me, his nose bleeding.
“You wouldn’t have hidden the shotgun over here would you?” He asked.
I looked around,“Bathroom, behind the toilet.”
“Cover me.” Derek ran to the bathroom.
I got up and took out one of John’s goons that were shooting at him. Seconds later he was back next to me.
“Gotcha,” he kissed the shotgun.
“You have problems.” I told him then let shots off.
“Only when you’re around,” He laughed cocking the gun.
I laughed and poked my head out from behind the couch. John and his goons took cover by the front door, from what I could tell, there were about four goons left and John.
I looked at Cole.
“How many?”He asked.
“Five, including John,” I responded.
He nodded and the shots stopped.
“Fine, if you want to do it this way, so be it.”John said.
“I’m coming out, don’t shoot!”I yelled slowly standing.
“What are you doing?”Kyle asked.
I looked at him as I stood,“Don’t worry.”
I looked at Cole and he nodded. I put my pistol back in my pants and walked slowly out from behind the couch.
“I went along with the trade, now why didn’t you?”John asked coming towards me, he signaled his goons to stay back.
“I just wanted to make sure it went right.”I said.
“Bullshit and you know it.” He hissed.
“Alright, you caught me.”I held my hands up.
John held up the gun at my chest.
I put my hands down,“This wasn’t part of the trade.”
He smiled,“Yeah, It was.”
Then he pulled the trigger twice.
“Joey!”Josh yelled just before shots went off and I fell to the ground in pain.
John and the rest of his goons dropped to the ground. Suddenly everyone was over me. Cole ripped my shirt revealing my vest.
They let out a sigh of relief.
“Cole?”I asked in pain.
“Yeah?”He sighed .
“Is this when I thank you?”I asked sitting up.
He laughed,“Yeah.”
Josh helped me up. I took off the vest; the bullets left welts on my chest.
“You are one lucky son of a bitch.” Derek smiled.
“How?”John asked in a cracked voice.
I turned to him on the ground, blood was dripping from his mouth,“They don’t call it a bullet proof vest for nothing.”
Megan laughed and hugged me.
I flinched,“Easy, my chest is on fire.”
She laughed and backed away.
“Hey, where’d Sean go?”Derek asked.
I looked around and noticed Sean was nowhere to be seen.
Suddenly he busted out of the bathroom wearing nothing but his boxers and covered in red stuff.
“I am the great mass murderer!”He yelled holding his hands in the air.
We laughed.
Cole shook his head,“That’s exactly why I kicked him off the team.”
“Doing dumb shit like that?”Josh asked laughing.
Cole nodded.
I smiled then looked behind me at John, who tried to lift a gun. I went up to him, shook my head and grabbed the gun. I looked down and the bullet wounds in his chest and legs, everyone must have had a shot at him.
I smiled and pointed the pistol at his face,“Asshole,”
Sean laughed as I pulled the trigger.
“Where’d you get that from?”Michael asked.
“I’m not telling you.”I said.
“Why?”
I looked him in the eye,“You’re a stranger.”
“What?”He asked.
“Who are you really Mike?”
“What are you talking about?”He looked nervous.
“I think you know,”
He sighed,“I’m sorry Joey,”
“Oh, you’re not sorry yet.”
“My real name is Rusty Mathers and I am a police officer, I was undercover.”
Sean grabbed a pistol and held it against his head.
“Whoa, Sean stop it.”I said.
“This guys a fucking pig?” He cocked the pistol.
“So am I,”Josh pointed out.
“Yeah Josh, but I trust you because your Joey’s brother.”Sean shifted the pistol.
“And if I wasn’t?”Josh asked.
“Then I’d do the same to you,”
“Yeah, that wouldn’t happen,”I informed .
“Sean put the gun down,”Cole ordered.
Sean hesitated then lowered the pistol. A sigh of relief came out Rusty and I.
“Nah, fuck that.”Sean raised the gun and shot him in between the eyes.
Everyone flinched.
“Why’d you do that?”Cole asked.
Sean shrugged,“I was bored.”
“You were bored so you shot a cop in the face?”Josh looked at him.
“That’s why I like you man, you are not all cop but all brother and friend,”Sean patted my brother on the shoulder.
“Don’t touch me,”Josh warned.
“I said I was sorry,”Sean said.
“No you didn’t.”I pointed out.
Sean looked at me,“Bite me.”
I laughed,“I’m good.”
“We should get out of here,”Kyle said.
We turned to leave.
“Welcome to the game kid,”Derek put his arm around his neck.

CHAPTER 20 

Cole pulled up in front of my house after we dropped everyone else off.
As I was getting out he called my name,“Don’t forget about the job tomorrow.”
“We still have to work?”I asked.
He nodded,“I didn’t tell Jesse about Kyle yet.”
“Why?”
“He’s new and he didn’t go through his consent yet.”
“Is he going to be pissed?”
He sighed,“Hopefully not.”
“You should talk to him before the job.”
“What about?”
“Everything that happened between us and John.”
“I don’t know Joey.”
“I’ll bet he doesn’t like liars.”
“It’s not lying, just not telling him.”
I shut the van door and leaned on the window,“I can’t believe Michael was a cop.”
Cole held up his finger,“Correction, his name is Rusty.”
I laughed,“Oh, right.”
“What kind of name is Rusty anyway?”
“I was thinking the same thing.”I laughed.
“Sean man,”
I shook my head,“I know, we have to do something about him,”
“I swear, if he starts doing annoying shit again, he’s off.”
“Did you even re-assign him?”I asked.
He shook his head,“Nope.”
I rolled my eyes,“Oh wow.”
“He thinks he’s back on the team,”
“Cole about tomorrow, where is it?”
“I think at an agency.”
“And who’s the target?”
Cole took out a folder,“Some guy named Justin Harold.”
I put my hand out,“Let me see.”
He handed me the folder and I observed the picture and information on our next target. I was sure that we  was going to have to eliminate him.
“What time are we going?”I asked handing the folder back to him.
“Early.”
“No shit, what time?”
“Three.”
“I’ll set my alarm,”I started off.
“Hey Joey!”Cole called.
I turned,“Yeah?”
“Good job.”
“Thanks.”I smiled.
He started the van and nodded. As I walked towards my front door he sped off down the street.



CHAPTER 21 

My part was close. Cole did everything so smoothly that it seemed like I didn’t stand a chance.
“Joey.”Cole began.
“I know, don’t screw up.”
He laughed,“No, it’s your turn. Good luck.”
I sucked my teeth,“I don’t need luck.”
My job was somewhat easy; I had to get into the building without any suspicion. Then, I had to make my way up to the twenty-third floor and find the subject.
I made my way towards the building, office workers went in and out. My trash-worker uniform helped me fit in. As I approached the front door a man in a suit held open the door for me, I quickly and quietly slipped by.
“Nice work, keep it up.” Cole said in my earpiece.
I let out a sigh of relief as I showed the security officer my VIP pass, he let me continue.
“Cops are so dumb.”I said as I passed the front desk.
“Say’s the one whose brother ’s a cop.”Kyle said in my ear piece.
“Whatever.”I mumbled pressing the elevator button.
As I waited for the doors to open I looked around. A man sitting on a bench reading the newspaper stood out.
He had a gray jacket that wasn’t buttoned up, his sunglasses rested on the top of his head, and his fingers danced along the edges of the newspaper.
I watched him until the elevator doors opened. I stepped into the empty elevator and before the doors could close a hand stopped them. The doors opened again and the man with the gray jacket stepped inside. I swallowed nervously as he stood next to me. We went up a couple stories before he pressed the emergency brake.
“Elevators,”He said,“Can’t trust them.”
I looked him in the eye.
“Joey,” Cole’s voice was static in my ear,“Joey—Can—Hear—Me?”
I could barely make out what he was saying. I pressed in my earpiece right before it went to total static.
“Just like friends.”The man next to me said.
I turned to him,“Who are you?”
“You’ll find out soon.”He said.
I studied him; his facial expression seemed dull as he looked me in the eye. I could tell he wanted to intimidate me, but I wasn’t giving in so easily.
“Don’t think that you’re so-called imitating tactic will work, you don’t scare me.”I informed .
He stepped closer,“I don’t want to scare you.”
“Then what the hell do you want?”I asked.
He gave a little smile than slammed my head against the side of the elevator.
“What I want,”He said,“You won’t be able to provide.”I grabbed his hand and pushed him off of me, and then I punched him in the face twice.
As he fell to the floor, I pressed the emergency brake button off and put my foot on his chest.
“I don’t think you understand who you are messing with.”I said as the elevator went up.
“Neither did you,”He took out a blade and stabbed me in the leg.
I yelled out in pain and fell to the floor. Before I could take the blade out, the guy got up and put his foot on my chest.
“Just a little reminder.”The elevator doors opened and he walked out.
I sat up and ripped the blade out from my leg. Standing up I quickly stopped the elevator doors from closing then stepped out. I looked around for the guy but he was nowhere to be seen, I tapped my ear piece but it was still all static, and I had noway to get out of the building.
I could go down but the blood from my leg would cause a big problem. The office seemed empty. I limped around to the elevator and pressed the button.
Moments later it opened empty.
I had no choice; I had to go back down. Sighing I stepped in and pressed the last level button. I took out my phone and called Cole, it went right to the machine the first ring.
Sighing I leaned against the side of the elevator as my leg throbbing with pain. The elevator doors opened and I tried to walk without limping but it was difficult with the pain that I was in. I walked as fast as I could towards the front door.
“Hey!”A voice yelled from the front desk.
Flinching, I turned.
“You finished that quick?”The security officer asked.
I faked a laugh,“Yeah, seems like someone already got the trash.”
The officer smiled,“I hope you’re still getting paid.”
I shrugged,“Not so sure.”
“Have a good day man.”He smiled and waved.
I turned,“You too.”
I walked out the front door and started for the van.
The pain in my leg numbed a little and I wasn’t limping as bad. Derek came out of the van and I gave him the ‘Let’s go’ sign. He nodded and got back inside the van.
As I made my way to the van, I looked around for Cole. A familiar face made me stop. The asshole with the gray jacket made his way towards me. I looked back at the van then back at him.
He looked up at me, I pointed to the van and he nodded. I continued towards the van.
“Who is that?”Derek asked as I approached the window.
“Don’t know.”I turned and face the guy.
“Why’d you hit and run?”I asked him.
“Too many people watching,”He said,“I can talk better here.”
“Can you?”I asked.
“I can try.”
“First things first, who the hell are you?”
“The name’s Vern.”
“Vern?”I asked.
He nodded.
“Well Vern, you’re lucky I didn’t kill you for what you did.”
“Same here.”
I looked at Derek who was staring suspiciously at Vern then looked at me.
“Vern, if you know what’s best for you, don’t let me see you again.”I threatened then got inside the van.
As I shut the door Vern turned and started off.
“Oh, and Joey,”He turned,“This isn’t the end.”
Derek started the van.
“It never started.”I said then rolled up the window.
Vern said something I couldn’t hear than walked off.
“Who?”Derek asked confused.
I lifted my wounded leg on the dashboard,“Some asshole I met on the elevator.”
“Damn,you alright?”He nodded at my leg.
I tied a bandanna that I found in the van around my wound and put my leg down.
“Yeah, I’m good.”I said,“Where’s Cole, Kyle and Sean at?”
He shrugged,“Don’t know.”
“Let me see you’re walkie.”I pointed to the walkie talkie at his waist.
He took it off his belt and handed it to me.



“Ayo Cole, jobs off can we go?”I said into the walkie.
Seconds later and he replied,“What’s up?”
“Not much, can we go or not?”I asked.
“Yeah man, let me get the trouble makers and then we’ll roll.”
“Thanks.”I replied.
“Over and out.”
I handed the walkie back to Derek and one of our phones rang under the passenger seat.
“That’s mine.”I said reaching under the seat and grabbing my phone.
I looked at the caller ID and it was my brother.
“It’s Josh.”I said.
“Answer it.”Derek undid his shoe then took off the sock and started to pick at his toes.
“Could you not do that in front of me?”I asked answering the phone,“Captain Bob speaking?”
“Oh, is Joey there?”My brother asked.
“Speaking fool”
He laughed,“Oh.”
“So, what’s up?”
“Who’s Captain Bob?”
“My imaginary friend,”I smiled.
“You have an imaginary friend?”
“God Josh, I’m joking. What’s up?”
“That’s not a real funny joke.”
I laughed,“It’s funny to me.”
“You have a weird sense of humor.”
“Okay, I know you didn’t call me to diss on my sense of humor. What ’s wrong?”
Silence.
“Josh?”I asked concerned.
“It’s Megan.”He said.
“Is she okay?”
“Not really.”
“Why?” I asked
“It’s her boyfriend.”
“James?”
“Yeah.”
“What happened?”
He sighed,“Mom told me and I wish I could do something but I’m all the way in Florida.”
“Josh, what happened?”I asked harshly.
“He hit her.”
I took the phone away from my ear and clenched my fist. My face got hot and I put the phone back on my ear,“That son of a bitch.”
“Joey listen, you can’t touch him.”Josh informed.
“Oh, I’m going to do more than touch him.”
“No, just get Megan out of there. Don’t lay a finger on James.”
“Josh? Are you kidding? I’m going to kill that faggot.”
“Joey, no you are not! Listen to me, James has connections, really good connections.”
“Yeah, and I’m a fucking killer so.”
“Joey, please don’t. He will get you killed.”
“Josh, I had a sick drug dealer wanting me dead for a year. I can handle this asshole.”
He sighed,“Just get Megan out of there; she didn’t want anyone to know.”
He hung up.
I put my phone away as Cole opened the door.
“Get in the back.”He said.
The back door opened. I got out and went into the back with Sean and Kyle.
“Joey? Is everything alright?”Derek asked.
I slammed the back door,“What?”
“You sounded pissed on the phone.”He said.
“It’s nothing, but can we stop at Megan’s?”
Cole looked at me.
“What?”I asked.
He shook his head, turned and nodded for Derek to move forward.
As we drove off Sean looked at my leg,“The fuck happened to you?”


CHAPTER 22 

We pulled up in front of Megan’s house.
I stormed out of the van and slammed the door behind me. I went up to Megan’s front door and knocked four times. I crossed my arms and waited.
The door knob raddled then opened and James stood there. As soon as the door was open, I sucker punched James in the face and slammed him against the wall.
“What the fuck is wrong with you!?”I yelled and punched him again.
I threw him to the side,“You ever fucking touch my sister again, and I’m going to kill you!”
Cole and Derek ran up behind me and grabbed my arms.
“You hear me?! I will kill you!”I yelled.
James got up and came at me but Sean caught him and held him back.
“Joey, calm down!”Cole yelled.
He and Derek held me back.
They let go and I went into James’ face,“You’re lucky my friends are here to save your ass. Otherwise, I would have fucked you up.”
I looked at Sean behind him then my eyes went to Megan. She stood by the stairs with her arms crossed; I noticed a bruise on the side of her face. My fist clenched and I looked at James then slammed him against the wall.
Everyone flinched.
“Then again, you still might not be so lucky.”I said to him.
“The bitch was asking for it.”He mumbled.
I punched him in the face and slammed him against the wall again.
“You better watch your mouth if you know what’s good for you!”I yelled.
“Joey!”Megan yelled.
She uncrossed her arms and came towards us,“Stop! Leave now!”
I looked at her,“You’re coming with me.”
She looked at James,“Fine.”
I let go of James, his face was bloody.
“You ever come near my sister again; I’m going to fucking kill you.”I threatened.
He rubbed his chin and we started out the door.
“You’re a dead man,Joey!”James yelled as we opened the car doors,“Dead!”
I turned,“I should be saying the same about you faggot!”
“Man your sister’s a whore anyway!”He yelled.
I got out of the car and slammed the door going after him.
Sean caught me and held me back.
“Let it go!”He said.
I stopped and pointed at James,“Let me see you again! And you’re dead! You hear me?! You are a fucking dead man!”
I turned and stormed into the van and we sped off.



“Why did you do that?”Megan yelled at me.
We sped down the street headed to my house.
I turned to her,“Why didn’t you tell me that he hit you?”
“I knew I shouldn’t have told mom.”She mumbled.
“Mom didn’t tell me, Josh told me.”I said,“I would have found out if he didn’t.”
She crossed her arms and looked away. I turned back around and sighed rubbing my forehead. Cole turned into a parking lot and parked out front of a speed mart.
“What are you doing?”I asked.
He opened the car door,“Going to get you something for that.”
He pointed at my leg and walked away. The pain in my leg had stopped completely that I almost forgot I had a stab wound.
“What happened?”Megan asked.
“I don’t know some asshole stabbed me.”I replied.
“Someone else is trying to kill you?”
I looked at her,“Don’t know what he wants.”
“Or who he is.”Derek implied.
I nodded in agreement.
“And he just stabbed you?”Megan sounded worried.
“After we fought it out in the elevator.”I said.
“Joey, you make the worst enemies, be careful.”She patted my shoulder.
“Don’t worry sis, I know how to handle them.”I assured her.
Cole got back in the car and threw me a bag,“Here, wrap your leg up in this.”
“I think I’m going to need stitches.”I said taking the bandage out of the bag.
“I know, we’ll handle that later, for now wrap your fucking leg up.”He started the car.
As we pulled off I took the bandage out of the package and the bandanna off of my wound then started to wrap my leg up.
“Not so fast!”I said to Cole.
“Hurry the hell up then.”He replied.
“Ass.”I finished wrapping my leg up and placed it up on the dashboard.
Cole looked at me like I was insane and pushed my leg off.
“Like I said ass.”
He laughed and we sped down the street.

CHAPTER 23 

Cole dropped Megan and I off at my house then went back to his house to party with Sean, Derek and Kyle. They pulled off screaming and yelling names at us. Some of which I wouldn’t even repeat.
Megan laughed,“What a bunch of strange friends you have.”
I smiled,“Yeah, they're okay.”
“How long have you known them?”
“Cole, Derek and Sean I’ve known for about sixteen years.”I said.
“That long?”
I nodded.
“I know Cole would do anything for you. He thinks of you like a brother.”
“Even when I do stupid things like piss off a drug dealer?”
She smiled,“Even.”
I opened the door and we went inside.
“So did mom tell you to pick me up?”She plopped down on the couch.
I shook my head,“Nah, Josh did. I’m surprised that he’s the first one she calls and she knows he’s all the way in Florida.”
“Joey, don’t start.”She said.
“What?”
“Mom loves you just as much as she loves Josh.”She implied.
“I know, I was saying that maybe she didn’t want Josh to say anything.”I informed .
She looked at me,“Mm-HM.”
I sat next to her.
“Oh, and I didn’t know that Cole used to call you, Derek and Sean the three stooges.”She said.
I put my hand on my face,“Who?”
“Derek.”She replied.
I shook my head,“Of course.”
She laughed,“Stop being so dramatic.”
I laughed thinking about a memory.
“So,”She turned to me,“Want to have a sleepover?”

CHAPTER 24 

“Megan, I don’t think I’m doing this right.”I Informed.
She laughed,“You are, trust me.”
“Last time I trusted you, I ended up in a thong and panty hose.”
She laughed,“I know.”
I strutted down the hall and she bagged up.
“Can’t believe I’m doing this.”I mumbled.
I was in panty hose, a thong, my sisters clothes and uncomfortable as hell.
“Work it!”She hollered.
“That’s it!”I yelled,“I’m done. Screw this.”
I turned and started back in my room when someone knocked on the door.
“I’m not getting that.”I told her.
She laughed and went to open it.
I changed out of the clothes and thong when Megan yelled my name,“Come here!”
I looked at myself in the mirror and the panty hose I still had on.
“Joey!”She yelled again.
I sighed and ran out the room and went downstairs.
“What?”I asked coming down the stairs.
“Oh you’re sister just wanted to tell you that you have some visitors.”James said.
I charge him but two of his friends grabbed me.
“You have some balls faggot!”I yelled at him.
“And apparently you don ’t,”He looked at the panty hose,“Nice pants.”
“Fuck you.”I spit on the ground in front of him.
He sucker punched me in the gut. I clenched my fists and struggled to get to him.
“Dude, don’t fuck with me! I’ve killed with more deadly assholes than you know!”I yelled.
“Oh, I know. How do you feel with John’s death on your hands?”
“Like I can sleep at night”I informed.
He chuckled,“Do you?”
“What’s it to you?”I asked.
‘‘Everything!”He yelled then punched me in the face twice.
“No! Stop it!”Megan yelled coming at James.
One of his friends grabbed her.
“Put her outside, I have some things to handle with Joey.”James nodded at the front door.
“Don’t hurt him James!”Megan yelled as they put her out front.
James’ friends pulled me towards the front door.
“Whoa, wait; can I at least change my pants?”I asked.
James nodded,“Go with him.”
His friends took out a gun and one of them pointed it at me,“Go.”
I started up the steps with them close behind. As I went in my room they tried to come in behind me,“Dude gross.”
I shut the door and started to change my pants. I took off the panty hose and put on a pair of my jeans.



When I was done I went out of the room and the two guys grabbed me and dragged me back downstairs.
“Are we done?”James asked.
His friends threw me on the ground.
“God Damn easy on the hands man,”I said sitting up.
“Shut up!”James yelled.
“Okay.”I mumbled.
One of the guys opened the front door and we went out towards their black van.
“Wait.”I stopped.
“What?”James turned to me.
I looked him in the eye,“I got to pee.”
He punched me in the face,“Do you?”
I wiped my mouth off,“Not anymore, asshole.”
He punched me again in the same place.
“You son of a bitch!”I went for him but before I could touch him, two of his friends behind me grabbed my arms and slammed me against the van.
“What was that?”James came in my face.
My left cheek stung with pain,“You think you’re so bad.”
He grabbed my hair and lifted my head up,“I don’t think, I know.”
Letting go of my hair, he backed away and his friends let me up off the van. I turned and swung at James hitting him square in the jaw. A hand grabbed the back of my shirt and threw me onto the ground then a foot stepped on my back.
James bent down next to me,“You try that again and you’re dead. Let him up.”
He got up and his friends yanked me up.
“Now, put him in the back.”He nodded to the van.
“Wait.”
“What?”James yelled at me.
“Do I have to go in?”I asked.
He looked at me than took out a switch blade,“Yes. You do.”
“Hey asshole,”A familiar voice said.
In an instant James grabbed me and put me in a choke hold, holding the blade against my neck.
“Come any closer and I’ll slit his throat.”He warned Cole.
“About time,”I said.
“Shut up!”James tightened his grip.
“Okay.”I managed.
“Let him go.”Derek said.
He and Cole had pistols pointed at James while Sean and Kyle pointed theirs at his goons.
“Not a chance.”James said.
“God, all you insane bastards sound the same.”I said.
James put pressure on the blade and my neck stung with pain as the knife slowly cut through my skin.
“Back the fuck off cause your man’s dead, either you like it or not.”James backed up a step.
“I don’t think so.”A gun cocked behind us,“Let him go.”
James slowly released his grip.

CHAPTER 25 

When I was free I turned and saw Josh behind James holding a pistol to his head.
“Drop the knife.”He ordered.
The blade in James’ hand dropped and I sucker punched him in the face,“Asshole.”
He held his jaw, grabbed the blade and came at me. I grabbed his hand that held the knife and he twirled around and put me in a headlock stabbing me in the side.
I yelled in pain and kicked him in the leg, making him drop the blade. I slammed him on the ground and put my hand around his neck,“Yeah, I can do that too.”
He swallowed as I looked up at his friends,“Get out of here!”
They looked at each other then ran off.
I looked back down at James,“I should kill you, but there is a police officer here.”
Everyone put their guns away.
“I didn’t see anything.”Josh informed.
I nodded towards him,“Then again, he’s also my brother.”
“From what I learned, he wasn’t much of a brother.”James said.
I punched him,“Shut up!”
He spit out blood,“You’re pathetic.”
My hand tightened around his neck. I wanted to kill him more than ever. But somehow I didn’t have it in me this time.
I sighed and got up,“Fuck off.”
He got up laughing,“Like I said,‘Pathetic’.”
He walked past Cole and started down the street leaving the black van in front of my house.
“You okay?”Josh asked me.
I looked at my side where I was stabbed,“I’ve been stabbed twice today.”
“I warned you not to touch him.”He said.
I turned to him,“He hit our little sister! What the hell was I supposed to do?”
“I told you to get her out of there.”
“And I did.”I turned and went back inside my house.



CHAPTER 26 

“You okay?”Cole asked inside.
“Dude, my brother just asked me that. I’m good.”I informed him.
“Joey, you were just stabbed in the side. You’re not okay.”Kyle said from the couch.
I looked at him,“Fine, I’ll go clean up.”
I grabbed a first aid kit and went into the bathroom. Taking off my shirt, I noticed the blade sliced through my side and didn’t puncture anything vital, although I was sure I needed stitches.
I sighed and took out a disinfecting wipe then started to dab around my wound. Every time I came near it, I flinched.
A bang on the door made me jump and touch the inside of my wound with the wipe.
I cursed and clenched my fist in pain,“What?”
“Hurry the hell up!”Josh yelled from the other side of the door.
“Asshole.”I mumbled.
“What?”He asked.
I faced the door,“Asshole!”
“You’re asshole hurts?”
“Josh shut up.”I said annoyed.
He laughed walking away.
I turned back and faced myself in the mirror,“Cole!”
“What?”He yelled.
I unlocked and opened the bathroom door,“Can you stitch me?”
“When, where and how hard?”Him, Sean and Derek laughed.
“Is everyone an asshole today?”I asked,“And that doesn’t even make sense.”
“Au contraire Mon frère, I have to disagree.”Cole said.
“Can you stitch me or not?”I asked ticked off.
He got up,“Yeah, I’ll do your leg while I am at it.”
I looked down at my leg forgetting that Vern had stabbed me. I shook my head walking out of the bathroom.
“About time.”Josh rushed in the bathroom,“I have to take a shit.”
“Don’t take one of mine!”Sean called.
Cole and Derek cracked up.
I huffed,“Waiting.”
“Gosh Joey don’t you have a sense of humor?”Kyle asked coming from the kitchen.
“Yeah I do, but I kind of have two stab wounds that are really painful and are annoying the hell out of me.”I admitted.
“I’ll fix them come on grumpy.”Cole started upstairs.
I lifted up my hands,“I’m not grumpy.”
Cole and I went inside my room and he pulled out a chair.
“Sit and take your shirt off.”He said.
“Don’t rape me.”I joked.
“Oh, now you want to be funny.”He teased.
I shrugged.
“Stop moving!”He ordered .
I looked at him,“Ass.”
He smiled,“I know.”
I sighed,“It’s happening again.”
“What?”
“This whole thing with John.”
“Joey, you started it.”
I laughed,“Yeah, I guess I did.”
“James isn’t like John. John went insane and wanted to kill us. James is just pissed.”
“Yeah”I agreed.
“Now, shut up and let me start.”


CHAPTER 27 

“Done,”Cole placed a bandage over my stitched up wound.
“Thanks man.”I said putting my shirt back on.
“Just don’t get stabbed no more.”
I laughed,“Yeah, well.”
“Hey Joey!”Sean yelled from downstairs.
“What?”I called back.
“Come here Captain Bob!”Derek yelled.
I laughed,“Coming!”
I got up and went downstairs,“What?”
“I got to show you something.”Sean said.
I went over next to him and Derek.
“What the hell?”I asked looking at a picture Derek had in his hand.
“It’s you!”Sean laughed.
“Butt naked!”Derek joined.
I grabbed the photo,“I was two and i n the bath.”
“You’re still naked.”Sean pointed out.
“And you’re still an ass.”I folded the picture and stuffed it in my pant pocket.
“Oh!”Derek clapped.
I shook my head and went into the kitchen.
“They’re best friends huh?”Kyle asked.
“Yeah.”I looked back at Sean and Derek fooling around.
“Joey?”
“Yeah,”
“Can I ask you something?”
I looked at him,“Anything kid.”
He sighed and looked down.
“What?”I asked concerned.
“It’s just that I’ve been thinking.”
“What about?”
“Everything.”
“Everything, like everything?”
He smiled,“Not that stuff, but everything that has to deal with us.”
“Oh.”
“And well, I wanted to apologize for everything.”
“What?”
“You know, for trying to rob that bank and getting you in all that mess.”
“You’re a little late don’t you think?”I asked.
He laughed,“Yeah I guess so.”
“Don’t worry about it kid.”I started off.
“Wait, that’s not it.”He said.
I turned to him.
“I didn’t want to say anything because I didn’t think it was important.”He said.
“Say what?”
He stared at the ground.
“Kyle?”
“There’s this guy okay?”
“Are saying that you’re gay?”
He laughed awkwardly,“No. I’m saying that along with everyone that is after us, there is one more.”
“After us?”I asked,“Kid they’re not after us, they’re after me. That has nothing to do with you guys because it was my mistake.”
He looked at me.
“What’s this guy’s name anyway?”I asked him.
“Vern,”
“Vern?”I asked.
He nodded.
I ran my hand through my hair and turned away,“Kyle? How do you know him?”
“He was the guy you beat up when we first met.”He said.
I faced him,“How do you know he’s after us?”
“I got a message from him; he was using my dad’s phone.”
“He knows you’re dad?”
“Knew, my dad’s dead,”
I looked down,“Sorry.”
“It’s alright. And yeah, he and my dad were friends.”He said.
I looked at him,“Why did he pull out a blade on Rose that day?”
He shrugged,“Don’t know. All I know is that he was pissed at you for getting him arrested and beating him up.”
I smiled,“I really fucked him up.”
Kyle laughed,“Yeah and he’s pissed.”
I sighed,“He can get in line.”
“What are you two talking about?”Derek asked.
“Was it the number of guys who hit on Joey?”Sean joked.
“Screw you.”I gave him the finger.
“Nah, man I like girls.”He laughed.
“Sure.”I rolled my eyes.
“Dude,guys hit on you?”Kyle asked me.
Derek and Sean laughed.
I shook my head,“Wow,you guys.”
The toilet in the bathroom flushed and Josh came out.
“Damn, you’ve been in there for that long?”I asked.
“Like I said, I had to shit,”He said,“Oh, and I wouldn’t go in there for at least an hour.”
“That’s sick.”I started upstairs.
“Hey Joey!”Josh called.
“What?”I asked and turned.
“You talk to Megan?”
“Nah man, not after she left.”I came back down.
“She called me before we saved your ass.”Cole came down the steps.
“Did she say where she was going?”I asked him.
He shook his head.
“I’m going to go look for her.”I grabbed my jacket off from the couch.
Josh followed me.
“We’ll stay here just in case she comes back.”Cole informed.
I nodded and we went out the front door.
“My car’s right here.”I pointed to my new car.
“Damn!”
“I know.”I opened the door and got in.
“When did you get this?”He asked shutting the passenger side door.
“Uh, last week.”I informed .
“Scion FR-S?”He asked.
I laughed,“Yeah, how’d you know?”
“How would I not know?”
I pulled off.


CHAPTER 28 

We drove around the neighborhood and called Megan’s cellphone but we still didn’t find her.
“Where the hell is she?”Josh asked.
“I swear, if James fucking took her. I’m going to kill him this time.”I said.
“Calm down.”
I sighed and parked the car,“Fuck this.”
I took out my phone and called Megan’s number again.
“Hello?”
“Megan?”I asked.
“Yeah.”She said.
I looked at Josh,“Dammit, why didn’t you answer the phone?”
“In case you didn’t notice, its ten o’clock at night.”
“So?”
“So, I was sleeping.”
“Oh, my bad”
“Yeah, I’ll be at our house in the morning.”
“Wait, where are you at?”I asked.
“My friend Marie’s house”
“Okay.”
“Okay? Goodbye and goodnight.”She hung up.
“So… She’s okay?”Josh asked.
I nodded,“Yeah.”
“Can you drop me off at my house?”
“Sure.”I put my phone away and drove off towards Josh’s house.

“Thanks.”Josh got out of the car,“Be careful out there man.”
He walked up to the front door and took out his keys. I backed up and pulled away back towards my house. I reached up and switched on the radio. The song I didn’t know but I left it on anyway.
The road I drove down was dark, gloomy and it made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. I hated driving alone in the dark. Stepping on the gas, I drove faster.

CHAPTER 29 

By the time I got home the house was dark and quiet. I figured everyone went home. I walked up to my front door, unlocked it and walked in. Taking off my jacket, I went upstairs and went to bed.

I opened the cabinet and reached in grabbing what I needed and placed it on the counter. I then went over to the fridge, opened it and grabbed a glass jar of my favorite dark goo-like substance.
After I put the jar on the counter I reached back into the cabinet and grabbed one more thing I needed. Its brown material made my mouth water.
Then I opened the dish washer and took out a butter knife. With all the materials that I needed I open the jar and took the lid off of the brown substance.
I reached inside the most important thing that I had and took out two pieces and placed them on the plate I had laid out.
Then I grabbed the butter knife and spread the stuff that was in the jar on one and the brown substance on the other one.
When I was done spreading the material on them I picked them up and slowly placed them on top of each other. My mouth watered as I lifted my master piece up towards my mouth. Its savoring smell filled my nose as I opened the entrance way to my stomach to take a bite.
“Joey,”a soft voice whispered .
I took my master piece away from my mouth and looked around.
“Joey!”Someone said harshly.
I looked down at my master piece.
“Joey!”It seemed to talk.
Suddenly it split in half and red stuff covered my hands.
I looked down and saw that my master piece was nowhere to be seen. The scene changed and I was surrounded by black figures in whiteness. They stared at me with no eyes.
Soon the whiteness around me flooded with red. As it came closer the block figures exploded and were gone.
“Joey!”The voice yelled.
I looked down and saw my master piece lying on the ground. I went over and picked it up then again raised it towards my watering mouth.
At last, its savoring smell reached my mouth. I took a bite and started chewing. Its mouthwatering taste soon became horrid and vile. I spit it out and looked at my master piece.
It’s beautiful texture was now sickening and revolting.
“Joey,”A soft voice whispered as I spit out the last bit of my master piece.
The redness on the walls and ceilings dripped onto the ground around me. I looked down unsettled by the reality that I never got to eat my sandwich…


I woke up with sweat dripping down my forehead. Panting, I wiped my forehead with my hand.
“What’d you dream about?”A familiar voice asked.
I looked over to see Vern leaning on my door frame. Quickly I got out of my bed and charged him. When I got close to him, he sucker punched me in the face then grabbed my neck.
“Calm the hell down, I’m not going to hurt you.”He informed.
I grabbed his hand he had around my neck,“How’d you get in here?”
He laughed,“The window.”
I kicked him in the nuts and as soon as he let go I punched him in the face. He came back up and caught me in the jaw then slammed me against the wall.
“I didn’t know you liked me like that,”I joked.
“You think you’re so cute?”He asked.
“I know I’m cute.”
He punched me in the face. I spit blood out from my mouth.
“Is that cute?”He asked.
“That’s adorable,”I joked.
He grabbed my neck and lifted my head up.
“I’m about sick of you,”He said,“Time to say bye-bye.”
“Bye-bye,”I pulled his hand away and punched him in the face.
He stumbled backwards holding his jaw then came at me head on. He slammed me against the wall and a picture fell on my head. I lifted his head up by his hair and kneed him in the face then he fell to the ground with his nose bleeding.
“I don’t understand why you people like you want me dead, you can’t kill me, John tried and look what happened to him,”I said.
“Yeah but, the thing is, I’m not John,”He quickly got up and charged me.
Before I could react, I felt a sharp pain in my gut.
I looked down as Vern extracted a blade from the right side of my gut.
“And I’m not trying to kill you, I already did,”He backed away and I fell to my knees covering my bloody wound.
I sat up and swung at Vern but he hit me in the jaw and I fell to the floor. He shook his head and grabbed my phone from the night stand and called a number.
“Yeah, tell Officer Walker that his brother needs a paramedic stat.”He hung up and threw my phone at me.
“Have a nice day,” He walked out of the room and down the stairs.



CHAPTER 30 

I woke up in the hospital the next morning. The room was empty except for me and the nurse.
“Look whose awake,”She said coming up to my side,“Did you sleep well?”
I looked around the room,“Who?”
“The police found you in your room; an Officer Walker signed you in.”She said.
I nodded,“Am I going to live?”
She smiled,“I think so.”
I sighed and stared at the ceiling.
“Hey,”A voice said by the door.
I sat up as Josh sat down in the chair next to me.
The nurse smiled and left.
“Are you okay?”He asked.
“I think.”I admitted.
“Sorry.”
I knit my eyes,“For what?”
“Leaving you alone.”
I rolled my eyes,“Its cool bro.”
He shook his head,“No its not, you almost died and if I was there,”
“The bastard would have killed you.”
He looked down.
“Josh, stop blaming yourself.”I said.
“Joey, I’m the older brother, that’s my job.”
“Not all of the time,”
“Joey…”
I sighed,“It was nobody’s fault. Okay?”
He looked away,“Whatever.”
He turned and walked out of the room. I laid back and sighed. He had to stop doing that; I knew it was because what happened to us when we were younger.
How he was never there for me, now I wake up in the hospital with him next to me and him taking the blame for me getting stabbed. I sat up and looked at him sitting in a chair. He had his hands on his head and face down. As I made my way off the bed Cole came running up to Josh.
He said something I couldn’t hear then Josh darted down the hall. I rushed out the room and faced Cole,“What happened?”
He turned to me,“Joey man, I’m sorry.”
I looked down the hall where Josh ran,“What do you mean?”
“It’s Megan, something happened… She’s gone man.”
“No!”Josh yelled what was going through my mind.
I turned and ran where Josh was. I found him on his knees in tears and when I stopped I knew why. Even though I didn’t see much, I saw enough to know what was going on. The doctors came out the emergency room shaking their heads as the flat line buzzer blared.
The only thing I saw was her brown hair but I knew that was my little sister under the white sheet. My heart pounded in my chest and my throat started to swell. Tears ran down my face as Cole came up to me.
Josh was on the ground in tears.
I clenched my fist and punched the nearest wall. As I took my hand away my knuckles stung with pain and were bloody. This couldn’t be happening, not Megan, not my little sister.
“What happened to her?”I asked a doctor who was coming out of the room.
He sighed and looked down,“I’m sorry, we did the best we could. But it wasn’t good enough, she bled out.”
I clenched my fists as he walked away then I stormed towards the exit in my hospital gown.
“Joey!”Cole yelled.
He ran up to me and grabbed my arm,“You can’t leave.”
“Watch me.”I pulled away.
“At least get changed first.”Derek came up to me.
I sighed and turned around and ran back to my room. I undressed and changed then ran back out of the room. Josh was in a chair with his head down.
Cole and the others waited for me by the front door. I was making my way towards Josh when he got up and walked out the front door.
Sighing, I went over to Cole who was leaning on the door frame.
“Are you okay?”He asked.
As I watched Josh get in his car and pull away, I shook my head.
Cole placed his hand on my shoulder,“It’ll be alright.”
I smiled,“Thanks man.”
He nodded and crossed his arms.
I looked back at where I saw Megan lying on the bed and my eyes began to water.
“Ready?”Cole jabbed my arm.
I looked at him and nodded,“Yeah,”
“Let’s go,”Derek opened the front door.
We walked out of the hospital and towards our van. I got in the passenger side and shut the door as Cole drove off down the street.

CHAPTER 31 

“Where are we going?”I asked as Cole passed my house.
“Not there,”He informed.
“Where?”
“The safe house.”
“You could have told me.”I said.
He shrugged,“You never asked.”
“You still could have told me.”
“I am now.”
I laughed and shook my head,“Right.”
Staring at the lines in the road I sighed.
“Hey Joey, are you okay man?”Cole asked.
I looked at him,“What do you mean?”
“You just lost your little sister and think that this guy named Vern did it, and you’re just calm?”
“Cole, just don’t.”
“It’s the truth man, Josh…”
I faced him,“Cole, stop!”
“Joey, you have to face the truth sometime.”
“I know just not from you.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re not my brother okay,”
“You want to hear it from your brother? Well right now, your brother is off doing who knows what, not giving a damn what you do,”
“Cole!”
“What? It’s the truth; get it through your head. You have to stop worrying about Josh and start worrying about your future, because it seems you don’t have one,”
“You would say that,”
“Yeah Joey, I would because your asshole older brother wont!”
“Cole.”
“No, I’m done!”
“Cole!”
“I said I’m done!
“Cole!”Sean yelled from the back.
“What?”
There were four vans blocking us in. Cole stepped on the brake. The van behind us rammed into our back and we were forced to keep going.
“Is it Vern?”Kyle asked.
I shook my head,“No, Vern works alone.”
“James?”Derek guessed .
“Maybe.”Cole stuck his head out of the window looking behind us,“No way out?”
“Let’s just see where they’re taking us.”Sean said.
“Fuck that.”Cole sped up and we rammed into the van in front of us.
The van barely moved an inch.
“That didn’t work,”I pointed out.
“Obviously,”Cole rolled his eyes .
“Well it looks like we are going where the mystery people are going,”Sean said.
Cole gave a worried sigh and looked at me,“Hopefully they didn’t come here to kill us.

CHAPTER 32 

The vans took us to a warehouse not far from where our safe house was located. We parked in a parking lot and waited until the people came out of the vans. The doors opened and out came the mystery people.
“Jesse?”Cole started to open the car door but two guys with guns slammed it back shut.
“Don’t,”One warned.
Jesse was our boss; he was the leader of the agency we worked for: The Triton Agency.
“Cole,”H e came up to us,“You and your team broke a lot of rules,”
“What rules?”Cole asked.
“I’m sorry Cole, but this is the end,”Jesse signaled to the agents beside us.
Seconds later a can with smoke pouring out of it flew through the window and was lost beneath the seat.
“Shit!”I yelled trying to undo my seat belt.
But it was too late, the gas grenade filled our van and next thing I saw was blackness.

	

CHAPTER 33 
	
	“Now tell me, why’d you do it?”
	“Fuck you!”I spit at the agent in front of me.
	He balled his fist and punched me again in the face. I had woken up tied to a chair inside the warehouse. The agents were interrogating me for answers to questions I didn’t know of.
	My face was bloody from the times he punched me whenever I gave the answer he wasn’t looking for. These were the same agents as me and my team mates, we were trained the same people.
	“Now, my knuckles are hurting, is your face?”The agent got in my face.
	“I don’t know what you want, but as soon as I get out from this chair,”I strained on my ropes.
	The guy laughed,“You’ll what?”
	“Kill us?”Another guy finished his words.
	I lifted my head up,“Maybe.”
	“Just tell us what we need to know and I won’t kill you as slow as I was going to.”He stepped back.
	“What the fuck do you want to know?”I asked.
	“How about this, how did you meet the kid?”
	“I saved his life,”I said.
	“Oh, you saved his life? And then he was randomly apart of your team?”He asked.
	“Is this what this is about? Because the kid is a part of our team?”
	“It’s much more than that Joey.”A familiar voice said coming up to us.
	“What the hell are you talking about?”I asked Jesse.
	He stopped in front of me,“You really don’t know do you?”
	I shook my head,“He’s just a kid.”
	“No, he’s more than a kid. Did you know who his father was?”He asked.
	I shook my head.
	“His father was Dean Morris, the first agent in the Triton Agency’s history,”
	“Damn, but why the hell do you guys care?”I asked.
	He bent down,“Because, he’s on your team when he should be trained for more. He is more powerful than any agent in the agency.”
“He’s eighteen and just a kid; you’re saying he’s stronger than a grown man?”
“Don’t be a smart ass,”He got up and looked at the agent next to me,“Kill him.”
Jesse walked away and the agent took out a pistol.
“I remember I promised to not to kill you slowly and I’m nice enough to keep that promise.”He placed the pistol against my head.
Suddenly a whistle brought his attention above him, and then he was on the ground with blood coming out of his head. Within a second the rest of the agents dropped to the ground with bullet wounds to their heads.
Someone dropped down behind me then cut my bonds.
I quickly got up and faced Vern.
“Hi ya,”He said.
I attacked him, but before I could get a mark on him, he slammed me onto the ground.
“Chill!”He ordered holding my arms down.
“You killed her!” I yelled at him.
“Who?” He asked.
I kicked him off of me then got up,“My little sister!”
He faced me,“I did not. I only tried to kill you,”
I wiped the blood off of my face,“Why?”
“Because Jesse told me to,” He fixed his shirt,“He gave me an order to eliminate your whole team.”
“You work for the Triton Agency?”
He nodded,“I wasn’t going to kill you for real,”
“You almost did.” I informed.
“And I didn’t kill Megan,”
I looked at him,“Who did?”
He sighed,“The agency did.”
“Bullshit, they wouldn’t do that!”
“Wouldn’t they?”
I looked at him,“Why’d you save me anyway?”
He walked towards me,“So we can work together.”
“To do what exactly?”
“I know where James is.”
“I don’t care about him,”I said.
“Not your sister’s boyfriend, the second agent that worked for the Triton Agency.”
“James Killer?”
He nodded.
“What’s the deal with him?”
“You know the story?”He asked.
I nodded,“He got captured and was tortured to death by the enemy.”
“Yeah, but that’s not how it happened.”
“What do you mean?”
“James escaped, and then he found out that the agency betrayed him, killed his partner.”
“Kyle’s dad,”
Vern nodded,“And now he wants revenge.”
“And he wants us to help destroy the Triton Agency.”
He held out a silent pistol,“Are you in?”
I took the gun he was handing me.
“Good, now let’s go rescue your friends.”He stuffed his pistol in the back of his pants,“Follow me.”
	

CHAPTER 34 
	
Vern and I silently crept through the warehouse looking for the rest of my team. We stopped when we heard yelling.
Vern pointed to the door,“Two guys by the entrance.”
“We could drop in.”I whispered.
He nodded and started to the wall across the hall. I followed him as he jumped through a hole in the ceiling. When he was up there he turned and offered me his hand for a boost. I shook my head backing up then ran up the wall.
Before I was inside I lost my balance and almost fell backwards out of the ceiling but Vern grabbed my arm and pulled me upright.
“Careful.”He said.
I nodded,“Right.”
“Come on.”He waved.
I followed him until he stopped and pointed to the right,“You take the guys out on that side and I’ll do the same over here,”He pointed to the left.
I nodded and made my way over to get a good angle for shooting.
“Come on Sean, answer the fucking question!”Someone yelled.
“I told you, my name is Captain Bob.”Sean joked.
I smiled and mouthed,“Captain Bob.”
“Alright Captain Bob,”Another said,“Answer the question.”
“Thank you, the answer is yes, I do find your wife attractive.”Sean smiled .
I stopped and looked below into the room.
One of the guys punched Sean in the face,“Enough playing around asshole.”
Sean spit out blood,“Who’s playing?”
Before the guy could strike he was on the ground with blood coming from his head. I aimed and shot the two guys next to Sean in the back of the head.
“Jesus Christ!”Sean cursed.
Vern and I dropped down and I untied Sean from the chair.
“Who’s this?”Sean asked nodding at Vern.
“He’s a friend.”I assured him.
Sean looked Vern up and down,“You a cop?”
“Vern,”He held out his hand.
Sean took it and they shook hands.
“Thanks guys.”Sean went over and picked up a gun from one of the dead guys.
“No problem Captain Bob,”I joked.
Sean looked at me,“We never talk about this.”


CHAPTER 35 

“Cole and Derek are in there,”Sean pointed to a room down the hall.
“We should go in shooting.”I suggested.
“How many people did you see?”Vern asked Sean.
We leaned against a wall down the hall from where our agency held Cole and Derek.
“There were about five to six people, all with guns.”Sean said.
“I like your idea Joey, we’ll go in loud.”Vern cocked his pistol.
“Yes.”Sean stood up.
I got up and together we went down the hall.
“See Derek, the rest of your team doesn’t care about you.”Someone said.
“Don’t listen to them Derek, there just assholes.”Cole assured him.
I peeked in to see an agent whack Cole in the face,“I wasn’t talking to you!”
Cole spit blood and I nodded to Vern,“Let’s go.”
“Wait,”He said,“Sneak in and spread out then shoot.”
I nodded,“Alright.”
I made my way over to Cole using shadow to hide.
“What’s the matter Cole?”An agent said,“You’re supposed to be the leader of the team, now look what happened, Everyone else is dead; it ’s just you two left.”
I stopped when I had a good angle of shot to the person who was talking to Cole.
I looked over to Sean and he nodded and mouthed,“Shoot.”
Nodding,I aimed.
“And to think, they relied on you to bust them out of here—”I shot the guy in the back of the head.
Before the others could panic, Sean and Vern came out and bullets went flying.
The rest of the guts went down and I went over to Cole.
“Don’t listen to him,”I said as I untied him.
He got up and wiped his mouth,“I didn’t;thanks man.”
Sean went over to Derek and untied him.
“Who’s this?”Cole asked nodded at Vern.
“Vern,”Vern held out his hand.
Cole looked at me,“Vern?”
“Cole, he helped bust us out.”I said.
“After he killed Megan?”He asked.
“I didn’t kill her,”Vern protested,“The agency did.”
Cole sighed,“Now that I believe.”
“I’ll explain it later, for now we have to find Kyle.”I said.
“He’s gone; Jesse took him back to the agency.”Derek said.
Cole nodded,“He’s right, he did take him to the agency.”
“We have to get him back; do you have any idea what they’d do to that kid?”I asked.
“We know, but they need him, they wouldn’t kill him.”Vern said,“And we need to meet up with James.”
“He’s dead.”Cole said.
I looked at him,“Not anymore,”
“No Joey, James is dead, Jesse killed him.”He pointed to a corner where a body lay.
“Good riddance.”I spit .
“Yeah, but that’s not the James I was talking about, the one I was talking about was James Killer.”Vern informed.
“Bulls-Eye?”Cole asked.
“Yeah that’s his call sign.”Vern said.
“He’s alive?”Derek cocked his head to the side.
Vern nodded,“He wants revenge on the Triton Agency and wants you and your team to help. Are you in?”
Cole looked at him and nodded,“Somewhat.”

CHAPTER 36 

I sat on a bench in the middle of the park. My lip and my eye stung with pain from my painful interrogation my agency gave me. Sean and Derek acted like they were reading the newspaper while Vern and Cole sat on the edge of the fountain.
I tried not to be as obvious as I was looking for someone I didn’t know. I jumped when my phone rang then I quickly took it out and answered it,“Hello?”
“Joey?”Josh asked.
I sighed,“Yeah,”
“Don’t hang up just listen to me; I’m sorry a thousand times for treating you like that at the hospital.”
“Josh…”
“No, you were right.”
“Josh, it’s alright man.”I said,“I’m going to miss her too.”
“Yeah, I know.”
I sighed looking at Cole,“Look man, I got to go.”
“Okay man I’ll see you around.”
I hung up.
“Guys he’s coming.”Vern said in my ear piece.
“Where?”Derek asked.
“Three o’clock.”Vern informed.
Coming towards us was a man in his late thirties and next to him a guy about twenty. They walked past as Vern followed not far behind them.
“Meet us in the construction area across the street,”Vern said in the ear piece.
I got up and followed from where I could see them. They exited the park and disappeared behind tarp on the construction site.
I stopped and waited until Cole and Derek were inside then I followed Sean behind the building and we went in through the back.

CHAPTER 37 

“It feels good in here.”Sean said when we got inside.
“Stop screwing around.”Vern told him.
We met up with him and the others in the middle of the site.
“Joey and Sean, James and Dane,”Vern introduced us.
We all shook hands.
“Sorry it took so long for us to meet,”James said in a Russian accent,“But I just needed to make sure your team was the right one for the job.”
“We are trust me,”Cole assured.
James nodded,“We have a safe house not far from here, we can stay in there until this job is over, until then there is no contact with the outside world,”
Sean giggled,“He sounds funny.”
I smacked him in the back of the head.
“Ouch! What was that for?”He complained.
“Mind your fucking manners.”I said to him.
He sighed and looked at James,“Can you say a James Bond line?”
I pulled my hand back and he flinched,“Sorry!”
Putting my hand down, I shook my head
“You have balls,”James laughed .
Sean nodded,“Big ones, want to see?”
James smiled,“We should go.”
“Good idea,”Dane agreed.
“Isn’t James Bond British?”Derek asked me as we started to leave to construction site.
I shrugged,“I think.”
“And he is?”He nodded to James.
“Russian,”Dane informed.
“Right,” Derek said,“Sean is dumb.”
I nodded in agreement.
“I heard that!” Sean retorted.


CHAPTER 38 

“You call this a safe house?” Derek asked.
We all met back up at James and Dane’s safe house around the block from the construction site.
“It looks more like paradise.” I implied.
Dane laughed,“Oh, this is just the beginning. Let me show you my favorite room.”
He pressed a button underneath the kitchen counter and the whole wall flipped and there was an extra room filled with all kinds of gadgets and weapons.
“Shut the hell up!” Derek gawked at the shotgun collection.
The safe house looked like some rich geek persons apartment. The kitchen wall flipped and behind it was an extra room filled with weapons and ammo. This was the perfect place to spend my summer.
“Okay you gay boys gather around,”James called.
“He’s funny!”Sean pointed out.
We congregated around the kitchen counter as Dane laid out a blueprint of the Triton Agency.
“How and when we doing this?” Derek asked.
“We got to plan ahead so it won’t be the real thing for a while. And how, well I’m getting to that,”James informed.
“So we’re actually doing this?”Sean asked,“Going against the agency that made who we are?”
Everyone was quiet.
“Yeah,”I broke the silence.
Sean shrugged and leaned in closer.
“Okay,”James begun,“This is how we’re going to do it…”


TO BE CONTINUED…
###

