In Hot Water
A Triple-D Ranch Romantic Suspense
A Blackthorne, Inc. Spinoff
Terry Odell

Copyright
Copyright ©  2016 by Terry Odell

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

In Hot Water

For Mom and Dad. Love you always and forever.

Chapter 1


If it weren’t for the whole funeral thing, today would have scored an eight in Sabrina Barton’s journal entry. Maybe a nine. She forced one more smile, accepted one more hand clasp, one more token embrace, and whispered one more thank you to the next someone who offered condolences.
When the flow of mourners stopped at last, Sabrina gazed over the crowded room. Men in uniforms. She assumed they had served with her brother John in his Ranger days. The ones in dark suits she guessed were the security people he’d worked with before he died. Sabrina had vague recollections of people reciting names, their connections to John, but frankly, everything was a blur.
She and John had fallen out of touch after he'd joined the Rangers, not that they’d ever been the sort for weekly phone calls or even emails. And although she didn’t condone his career choice—killing people didn’t sit well with her—estranged wasn’t the word for their relationship. Indifferent was more like it. Besides, she’d been twelve when he’d enlisted. When he’d quit, he’d settled in San Francisco. She’d moved from their home in Iowa to Albuquerque for college and had settled there.
John had used the army as his way of saving lives. Sabrina had chosen an entirely different approach. She'd started a cooking school, a place where she gave the less fortunate a set of skills they could use to get off the streets, make their own contributions to society. And even knowing Renae, her partner, was covering Sabrina's classes, Sabrina couldn't wait to get back to her normal life.
How much longer did she have to stay? She was John’s sole living relative, and not even blood at that. They shared a last name, but not much else. Yes, she cared about him, but she hadn’t been part of his life in a long time. They’d both been orphaned, both adopted out of the foster care system, and their foster parents had died years ago. 
Why'd you have to die, too, John?
She'd always assumed he'd have died a noble death in the army. When he left that life for what she considered a smarter, safer choice, she'd been relieved. But to die in a hit and run accident? That was so wrong.
A chill snaked down her spine.
You’re the only one left.
With the room closing in around her, Sabrina claimed her coat and went out to retrieve her rental car.
As she wound her way through the hilly San Francisco streets to her motel, she battled her conscience.

You shouldn’t have left.
Why stay? You don’t know those people.
You could have listened to the stories. Found out what John’s life had been like.
You have your work. You need to get home.

In her motel room, she worked her cell phone, searching for a flight. After putting herself on a standby list for one leaving in three hours, she finished packing and checked out of the motel.
At the airport, she gave a silent thank you to the travel gods who had bestowed a seat upon her. On board, she found her row and shrugged out of her coat. As she did, something crinkled in the pocket. An envelope, folded in half, with her name printed in neat, block letters. Her childhood nickname. The one her brother used.
How could this be? Fighting tears, hands trembling, she opened the envelope and pulled out a single sheet of folded, yellowed paper.


June 7, 2002
Breenie~~
We’re supposed to write these letters before a mission. Just in case we don’t come back. Here goes: If I ever made you feel bad when we were kids, I’m sorry. Before you came, Mom and Pop had fostered a bunch of other kids, and none of them stayed, so I didn’t think much of it when they brought you home. Besides, I was ten, and you were four. And you were the first girl. When they said they were going to adopt you, the way they had me, I wasn’t sure how I felt about it. I didn’t want to play your girlie games, and none of my friends wanted a tagalong kid, especially one who constantly peppered us with questions. I’m guilty of following their lead, and I never meant to hurt your feelings.
That’s it, Bree. Sarge is calling, and that means I’ll be jumping out of an airplane soon.
Oh. One more thing. If you ever get in a jam, go find Derek Cooper. He’ll take care of you.
Your annoying big brother,
John

Sabrina replaced the paper in the envelope, then exchanged the note for a travel packet of tissues. Tissues she hadn’t needed at the funeral. But she’d be damned if she was going to break down now. She sniffed, daubed at the few tears she hadn’t been able to control, then tilted her seat and closed her eyes. Who was Derek Cooper? Had he been at the funeral? And who'd put the letter in her coat?

Hungry, tired, and still confused about John’s note, Sabrina tapped her foot as the elevator made its way to the third floor. Eager to be in her own space, key at the ready, she hurried down the hall and unlocked her door.
“Damn it, Merry,” she muttered under her breath. “How hard is it to leave the mail on the table?” Sabrina abandoned her luggage, draped her coat over it, and stooped to gather the envelopes scattered over the tiled entryway. “Get my mail, water my two lousy houseplants. That’s all I asked.”
It wasn’t until she’d gone to hang her coat in the entryway closet that a sense of foreboding—that there was more wrong here than mishandled mail—twisted through her belly. Merry, her best friend and good neighbor, wouldn’t have left a mess. Sabrina tiptoed farther into the apartment, clutching her brass letter opener.
What good will this do?
She set it down, went for her purse and punched 911 into her cell phone, her finger poised over the Send button. Barely breathing, she listened for any signs of an intruder, but all she heard was the blood pounding in her ears.
She crept along the short hallway toward the kitchen. Rounding the corner, she froze. Sabrina had left in a hurry when she’d heard about her brother, but her apartment had been clean. Her finger jammed the button.
Phone to her ear, she relayed the information to the dispatcher as she snatched her key ring and hurried next door to Merry’s apartment. When Merry didn’t answer Sabrina’s knock, she let herself in.
It’s not like there was someone in the apartment. It’s so you don’t destroy evidence.
At least that’s what she kept telling herself as she paced Merry’s living room, waiting for the cops.

Five days later

Sabrina’s hands gripped the steering wheel as if it were the only thing keeping her from falling off a fifty-foot cliff. Heavy rain pelted the car, sounding like water in a pan of hot grease. The highway lines disappeared beneath the pounding rain. Red taillights in the distance were her beacon, her lifeline. Now, if whoever was driving that car would slow down a little, she’d feel more in control.
Control. Ha! As if she’d felt in control even for a minute since her brother had died. If she’d felt in control, why would she have left Albuquerque and be driving through Colorado?
Because a letter written over a decade ago said find Derek Cooper. And he was in Colorado.
“It’s a common MO,” the cop had said when he’d come to take her report about the break-in at her apartment. “They scour the obituary columns and funeral notices, then pounce while the family is at the funeral.”
“But the obituary notice would have been in San Francisco papers,” Sabrina had said.
“Did you read it?” the cop asked. “They’ll often mention surviving family members. Might have said where you lived.”
Sabrina hadn’t bought it. Not completely. Unless these funeral vultures had a network. Which, the cop had said, wasn’t far-fetched. “These folks do their homework.”
“But they didn’t take anything valuable,” she’d protested. “Not that I have a lot, but you’d think they’d have taken my jewelry. Easy enough to carry. From what I could tell, they just ransacked the place.”
“Maybe they were interrupted,” the cop had said. “Or they wanted to make a mess, put a little scare into you.”
Which they had. She’d found a message on her cell phone, one from the San Francisco police saying her brother’s apartment had been broken into as well. The Albuquerque cop had used that to prove his point.
Sabrina still had her doubts. During the two days she’d been in San Francisco before John’s funeral, she’d gone through her brother’s things, keeping a photo album with family pictures of them as kids. That and his journals, something their foster parents had insisted they keep. For her, the habit had stuck, but from the looks of things, John had quit when he’d joined the Rangers and no longer had Mom nagging him to write something … anything … every night before bedtime.
The rest of his possessions she’d arranged to have donated to charity, and when the people had come to pick them up, they’d found the furniture slit, everything tossed into heaps.
“Somebody wanted something,” Sabrina had insisted to the cop.
“Or was making a point,” the cop had responded.
Since she had no inkling what her brother did in his security work, she had no leads to offer. In the end, the San Francisco cops said the same thing. Funeral vultures, mad because there was nothing of value, taking their frustrations out on the furniture and dishes.
Then the emails had started. At first, she figured they were spam, or trolls, and the delete key took care of them. But as the vitriol level rose, so did her apprehension. The last straw, two days ago, came when Merry asked to borrow Sabrina’s car since hers was in the shop. Sabrina had turned over her keys and a few hours later, Merry had shown up at her door in tears.
“I am so sorry, Sabrina. I parked at the mall, and when I came out—” Merry burst into another bout of sobs.
“What happened?” Sabrina asked.
“Someone—vandals—they slashed the tires, broke the windows, shredded the interior. I don’t know why. None of the other cars were touched.”
Sabrina’s heart jumped to her throat. “It’s okay, Merry. I’m insured. Did you call the cops?”
“First thing. They took a report, and towed your car to—I don’t know where.” She fished in her purse, handed Sabrina a card. “They said you could call them and get the necessary information.”
Fear and resentment clamped like a vise in Sabrina's chest. Why had her car been singled out? It wasn't new, wasn't even an in-demand model. She had to go somewhere. Regroup. The cops had been no help when John's and her apartments were vandalized. Why would they help her now? She'd work something out with Renae until she figured out what was going on.
“Can we trade cars?” Sabrina asked Merry. “I’ll give you the insurance money, and you can buy yourself a new one.”
“But mine’s not worth anything near what yours is,” Merry had said. “It’s the family clunker. Dad figured I couldn’t mess it up more than it already was when he gave it to me.”
“Not a problem for me. Call it an even trade. I'll work it out with the insurance company.”
A flashing right blinker on Sabrina’s beacon car brought her to the present. The car slowed, then exited the highway. Damn. She peered into the distance, looking for another leader. Nothing. Most everyone was too smart to be on the road at one in the morning in the middle of a deluge. Headlights brightened her rearview. Sabrina slowed, hoping the driver would pass and she could follow.
The driver moved left. Sabrina slowed further. A crunch. She spun. Her mind whirled.
Don’t brake. Go with the skid.
As if she had a choice. When her car stopped, the jerk who’d hit her was gone. She wondered if he’d even realized he’d clipped her fender.
Once her heart rate slowed to something approaching normal, once she could draw a breath, she tried to assess the damage. With luck, a dinged fender. At worst, enough damage so she’d need a tow.
It couldn’t have been deliberate, she rationalized. Nobody should know she’d swapped cars with Merry. Even if someone had, she doubted they could’ve read her plates in this rain. She hadn’t noticed anyone following her. And, if by some freak of fate, someone had tried to run her off the road, why not finish the job?
Headlights approached from the other direction, half-blinding her in their glare.
Oh, God, what if they’re coming to do just that?

Chapter 2


Derek Cooper jerked awake at the shrill ring of his landline. Immediately alert, he took in the time—almost two in the effing morning—and rushed to the kitchen to the old rotary wall phone. Reception beat any cordless or cell he’d ever had out here. No caller ID, but his number was unlisted, so anyone calling should have a damn good reason to do so. Especially at almost two in the effing morning. More so, since he’d gotten to bed less than two hours ago after dealing with a barn full of horses spooked by the storm.
“Cooper,” he barked into the mouthpiece. “Make it good.”
“Sorry to bother you. We got a stranded motorist out on the highway. You’re the closest Posse member.”
His sister’s voice punched all the wrong buttons. “Why don’t you try Triple A? They get paid to tow idiots who go out in weather like this. And what about the State Patrol? Isn’t that in their domain?”
“See, apparently there are enough other idiots out there who’ve managed to get themselves stuck, so all our normal responders are otherwise occupied, and they’re out the other direction. The car’s ten miles from your place. You know I wouldn’t bother you unless—”
“Cut the crap. You and I both know you would bother me. It’s one of your favorite pastimes. That, and your penchant for finding strays—both animal and human. You still owe me for taking Lemuel in last week.”
“That was personal. He needed to get his head straightened. And, thanks, by the way.”
“Fine. And since I’m awake now, where is this dipshit driver?” Derek nuked leftover coffee and poured it into a travel mug as his sister, who happened to be a dispatcher for the Sheriff’s Department, gave him the location.
“You have plates? Registration? Any hint as to who I’m going to be meeting? It could be a wanted felon.”
“Negative. The person who reported the vehicle said it was a car, not a pickup or SUV. The caller was going the other direction, couldn’t see much because of the rain. Sorry there’s not more.”
“Crap, Sis. For all anyone knows, the driver pulled over to make a damn phone call and is long gone by now.”
“Doubtful. The caller reported the vehicle was half off the road, and facing the wrong direction. Appeared to be stuck.”
“You’re going to owe me come calving season,” Derek said. “Big time.” Without waiting for a protest, he hung up.
Who was the bigger fool, he wondered as he got dressed. The idiot who couldn’t wait out a storm—okay, so it had come in fast and furious—or him, for going out there, too? This wasn’t the first time he’d second-guessed his decision to take over the ranch after Mom’s stroke. Let his folks retire after all their years of hard, physical labor. Wouldn’t be the last.
But a working cattle ranch meant there were always vehicles to repair, and he had the tools. And, as a member—no thanks to his sister’s nagging—of the Civilian Posse for the Sheriff’s Department, this wouldn’t be the first time he’d been called out to offer aid. Charlie, his little-bit-of-lots-of-everything dog, raised a sleepy head from his bed.
“Go back to sleep, boy. No point in both of us going out tonight.”
Huddled into his slicker, Derek slogged across the yard to the old barn for his battered Ford pickup, and did a quick check to make sure he had the gear he might need. Although at this point, he planned to convince whoever was in the car to accept a ride to the motel in town. Let whoever it was deal with the car tomorrow when the storm passed, and the towing companies were freed up. His sister hadn’t given him any details other than he was looking for a sedan on the northbound shoulder.
And why hadn’t whoever’d called it in taken a minute to check on the occupants of the car? Too bad times had changed. So many people were afraid to help. As if a predator would park his car on the side of the road in this weather to see if any easy marks stopped. Not hardly.
The trouble with his sister’s ten-mile calculation was she never took into account it was eight miles from his spread to the highway. And the first three miles were dirt. Muddy river, more like it. He’d make her come out to the ranch and wash his pickup when the weather cleared.
His windshield wipers offered intermittent peeks through the sheet of raindrops. He left the dirt road for the pothole-filled paved one, hoping none of the potholes had grown into sinkholes. When he hit the turnoff for the highway, he pressed the accelerator, laughing at the signs proclaiming Speed Limit 60. Forty was pushing it.
As he approached the point where his sister had said the car had been spotted, he slowed further. If the driver had turned his lights off, Derek could drive past without ever seeing him. Not to mention, he’d be on the other side of the highway.
There. Up ahead. The faint glow of headlights. He nudged the pedal, went beyond the car, then eased off the gas as he made sure it was safe to cross the road. Hanging a U-turn, he backtracked and drew within ten feet of the vehicle. Clearly disabled, listing to one side, the headlights shining upward into the rain. Stupid driver hadn’t put his flashers on. Derek pulled onto the shoulder in front of the vehicle.
Nobody got out. No headlights flashed acknowledging his presence. Was the driver hurt? He couldn’t be stupid enough to leave the car and go for help. Not in this weather. Not when the nearest semblance of civilization was miles away.
Not being a cop with a radio, he called his sister’s cell phone. Let her run the plates. New Mexico, he noted. Gathering intel before acting was still ingrained in his system.
“It’ll be a bit,” his sister told him. “Got stuff going down.”
Knowing that meant she was busy coordinating officers dealing with actual criminal activity or bigger emergencies than a stranded vehicle, Derek grabbed his heavy-duty Maglite. Waiting while someone might be hurt wasn’t ingrained in his system. He pulled the hood of the slicker over his head and jumped into the rain.
Derek might not have a radio, but this was Colorado, and he did have a gun. Raising the flashlight with his left hand, he kept his right on the butt of the Kimber 1911 pistol resting in the pocket of his slicker.
Most of what he saw was a brightly illuminated curtain of shimmering raindrops. He swung the light in narrow arcs on the ground in front of him, checking the footing. His mud boots sloshed through the standing water. Between the wind and the rain pounding on his truck and the car in front of him, he doubted the person in the car would hear him shout. And too many years of working in field ops strongly suggested a stealth approach would be smarter. At least until he was close enough to see what he was up against. He tightened his grip on the Kimber.
That was years ago, idiot. Don’t you listen to what you say to your sister? Nobody’s going to be sitting in a disabled car, lying in ambush, in a monsoon.
Yeah, but it could be a mom with a couple of kids, protecting them like a bear with her cubs.
Reminding himself he was a cattle rancher now, not an operative, he let go of his weapon and raised his right hand in the air as he approached the driver’s side window.
When there was no indication anyone had seen him, he tapped his flashlight gently against the glass. “Anyone in there? You need assistance?”
No response. Derek cupped his free hand against the window and peered inside. Empty except for a small backpack on the passenger seat and two cardboard cartons on the rear. A slight rocking of the car set his senses on alert. Could someone be trapped in the trunk?
It’s late, you’re tired, and expecting the worst. Check it out, dimwit.
Derek drew his Kimber, keeping it at his side. He eased his way toward the rear of the car.
A figure rose from a crouch beside the rear fender. Short. Soaking wet. Brandishing a lug wrench. He lifted his flashlight. “Hello? You all right?”
“You from the auto club? It’s about time. I guess my call went through after all.”
Female.
Derek shoved his Kimber in his pocket. “Not exactly. You need a hand?”
“You think? Some dimwit clips my rear fender, spins me off the road, and by a stroke of luck—and not the good kind—the car hits a pothole at the right angle. Bam. There goes the tire.”
“I’ve got tools in my truck,” Derek said. “I can fix it.”
The woman took off the ball cap she was wearing, wiped her face, then shoved the cap back, low on her head. “What I need is a tow. I changed the tire, but I can’t get out of the ditch. And since the spare is a freaking donut, I can’t get the traction I need.” She opened the trunk and set the lug wrench inside. “Everything’s slick mud. Might as well be ice.”
Derek raised his light, taking her in from the ground up. Muddy sneakers. Muddy jeans. Mud-spattered blue nylon windbreaker. All soaked. For half a second, he wondered if the shirt beneath the lightweight jacket was as wet, and what it would look like clinging to her—
Would you stop? What the hell are you thinking?
“Ma’am,” he said gently, “if you don’t mind my suggestion, I’d say leave the car here until tomorrow. Rain’s supposed to let up before noon. I’ll be happy to give you a lift to the nearest hotel. It’s not safe to drive that car with a donut on these roads.”
She seemed to be weighing her options. He didn’t think there were many to consider, but she didn’t answer.
“Ma’am. We’re both standing here getting wetter by the minute. Can we continue this conversation in my pickup?”
“I don’t think we can get any wetter, but all right. How far to the nearest motel?”
“I can have you there in under twenty minutes. Can I help with your stuff?”
More thinking. More getting wet.
Without waiting, Derek grabbed the small suitcase from her trunk and tossed it onto the backseat of his pickup. He turned, and the woman had slung her pack over one shoulder and was wrestling one of the cartons from her car’s backseat. Derek grabbed the other one and put it on top of the suitcase, then took the second from the woman and put it in as well.
She hesitated when he went to open the passenger door. “You don’t have a towel or something to sit on? Your seats will be ruined.”
Derek wiped rain from his face. “At this point, makes no difference. This baby has seen a lot worse than mud and water, trust me.”
The woman buckled in, then pulled out her cell phone. Frowning, she slapped it. “Piece of junk.”
“What’s your carrier?” he asked.
She frowned. “I’m not sure. I just bought the phone this morning. It’s a prepaid.”
“Out here, Verizon’s the one with reliable coverage.”
She shoved the phone into her pack. “Great. I’m guessing that’s not what this phone has.” She folded her arms across her chest and closed her eyes, shutting him out.
Fine with him. Making small talk in the middle of a rainstorm wasn’t his idea of a good time. It took every bit of concentration to stay on the road and not miss the turnoff for the business district of Pinon Crest.
He pulled into the covered entry to the Eagle’s Roost Motel and helped his passenger with her belongings. Once he’d made sure there was a room for her, he called his sister, let her know the car was spending the night on the side of the road.
“She’s at the Eagle’s Roost,” he said. “Might be nice if you’d get it towed there first thing in the morning, seeing how I did your cops a huge favor.”
“I’ll see if we can arrange it,” his sister said. “And thanks. Come for Sunday dinner, I’ll try to pay you back.”
Without committing, Derek sighed and disconnected. What he wanted now was a hot shower and bed. Not in that order.
Once he got home, he left the pickup by the back door, dashed up the steps to the porch, and into the mudroom where he shucked his dripping slicker and left it on a hook. Charlie trotted over, yawning.
“I’m back, fella. Played Good Samaritan. It’s shut-eye time.”
Charlie cocked his head, stretched, and sat while Derek stripped and left his sodden clothes next to the washer. He hauled himself upstairs. Sleep sucked him under as soon as he hit the mattress.

A cold nose in his face, bright sunlight, and the bell clanging at his front door dragged him awake.

Chapter 3


Sabrina gave the cowbell hanging by the door one more yank. She scraped her sneakers against the doormat as she waited, still wondering if she should be here. Maybe the cops had been right. Funeral vultures, email trolls, and her car being parked in the wrong place at the wrong time.
But the wondering had become moot when Merry’s little city-driving car had been mired in the mud on the dirt road to this ranch house, which might be where Derek Cooper lived.
She’d gotten in touch with the friends of John who’d helped her with the funeral arrangements. One remembered him from Ranger days. Another from the security company John had worked for. According to that source, nobody’d heard much from Derek Cooper other than he’d taken up life on a cattle ranch in Colorado when he quit.
But they’d given her an address—not that Triple-D Ranch was much of an address—and directions. Directions? Sabrina made a mental note to get a decent GPS, something else Merry’s car lacked.
She rolled up the wet, muddy cuffs of her jeans. She’d come this far. If Derek Cooper did live here, she had a chance to meet someone who must have known John, both as a Ranger and a security whatever-he-did guy. If not, she’d ask whoever did live here to call a towing service, and she’d be gone.
The tick-tick sound of approaching dog paws, along with quiet footfalls, had Sabrina standing at attention. What should she say? She’d been running through options ever since she left the motel. “Hi, I’m Sabrina and my dead brother sent me?” or “You must be Derek Cooper. I’m Sabrina Barton. Do you remember John Barton? He was my brother.” or “John said to look you up. Here I am.”
When the door opened, she had no words. She knew she must look like a fool, standing with her mouth open, staring at the man in the doorway. A shaggy mutt of uncertain parentage sniffed her feet, then darted past her into the yard.
“Can I help you?” the man said.
Even if she didn’t recognize him—which she certainly did, because who’d forget a man who went out of his way in a raging storm to get her to a motel, even if she only saw him for a couple of minutes in enough light to make out his golden eyes, straight nose and perfectly formed lips—the voice was the same. Not that he’d used it much, but it was deep, and seemed to rumble from his chest with a touch of roughness. As if he was coming down with, or getting over a cold. And if he was, going out in the rain couldn’t have been good for him.
She snapped her thoughts back in line. “I’m sorry to bother you again, but—”
He jerked upright, staring at her. She watched as recognition set in.
“Last night?” he asked. “That was you?”
“Yes. I’m sorry we didn’t introduce ourselves properly.” She extended a hand. “I’m Sabrina Barton. Thanks so much for what you did.”
He shook her hand. “You’re welcome, but it wasn’t necessary to come all the way out here to thank me.” He peered over her shoulder. “You didn’t walk from the motel, did you?”
She gave a quick snort. “No, from about half a mile up your drive. Car’s stuck. Again.”
“You need another tow?” he asked.
“Yes, but … I’m looking for Derek Cooper. Do you know him?”
His eyes widened, and he studied her again. “I’m Derek Cooper. Do I know you?”
She ducked her head. “No, except for last night. Things were sort of—”
“Wet,” he said. “Come inside. Would you like some coffee? Then you can tell me why you’re looking for me.”
“Coffee would be nice,” she said. “If it’s no trouble.”
“Not at all. I haven’t had mine yet, so it’s next on my agenda.” He stepped back, motioning her inside.
She toed off her sneakers and left them on the wooden porch before grabbing her backpack and following him.
“Make yourself comfortable,” he said. “I’ll get the coffee going.”
Good. While he was busy brewing coffee, she’d figure out how to explain the real reason she’d driven over four hundred miles to find someone her brother had mentioned years ago. Heck, she didn’t even know the real reason she’d come. Or what this cowboy could do about it.
He turned for what she assumed was the kitchen. Living in Albuquerque, seeing men in jeans was normal, but this guy—he rocked the butt-hugging pair he wore. His bare feet hardly made a sound as he walked away.
She dropped her pack beside a chair and wandered the living room, trying to discern a hint about what connected this man to John. The room matched her image of a ranch house. Big fireplace. Wood-framed sofa in bold plaid shades of rust and brown. Dark brown leather easy chairs. Hardwood floors with striped rugs. Oak end tables and a coffee table to match the sofa. Almost as if he’d seen a room layout in a furniture store or magazine and said, “I’ll take that one.”
No dead animals on the wall, at least. Not much in the way of bric-a-brac, either. She strolled to the mantle which displayed a few photographs in rustic wooden frames. She stepped closer to a group shot of men in camo. Could John be one of them?
She’d reached for the frame when Derek’s return stayed her hand. He carried two thick white steaming mugs. The aroma of coffee wafted toward her.
He set both mugs on the coffee table in front of the sofa. “How do you take yours?”
“Milk if you have it. Otherwise, I’m fine with black.”
He popped into the kitchen and returned with a carton of milk and a spoon. “Don’t stand much on formalities around here.”
Sabrina poured a little milk into her mug and traced circles with the spoon, still pondering how to broach the John sent me subject. Sitting in one of the leather chairs, she took in her host. Tall. Broad shoulders. Biceps that bulged out from the short-sleeved tee he wore. Wavy brown hair that curled over his ears. Stubble on his jaw. She couldn’t tell if he liked the stubbled look or hadn’t shaved yet. Either way, she liked it.
You are avoiding the issue. Okay, so the guy’s a nice distraction, but get on with it.
She leaned over and opened the compartment on the pack where she’d put John’s letter. Without a word, she handed it to him.



Derek took the envelope from Sabrina’s trembling hand. Studying her, he slipped the single sheet of paper out. She nodded.
He read. Long-buried memories flooded him. The whup-whup of the helo. The vibration under his butt. The taste of fear mixed with the thrill of anticipation. Heart pounding, adrenaline rushing. And he heard Sarge’s demands for these letters. Remembered thinking it was a silly waste of time. He, Daredevil Derek, was invincible.
He finished the letter, contemplated the wisp of a girl sitting across from him. Small in body, but not in spirit, not after what he’d seen of her last night. No makeup, no funky-colored fingernails. He guessed she’d reserved her funkiness for her hair, which was blond and spiked—with purple tips. Big, round gray eyes. High cheekbones, upturned nose. Straight white teeth scraped over a full lower lip. A habit he’d bet she was unaware of. He’d also bet she had no clue how sexy it was, either.
“Sabrina. Breenie. That’s you?”
She nodded, but her expression said that name wasn’t one he’d dare use.
He checked the date. “This was written in 2002. You had to be a kid.”
“I was eighteen.”
His eyebrows lifted, and he did a quick calculation. No way this woman was thirty-two. Twenty-five was as high as he’d let himself go. He’d bet she still got carded.
She lifted a hand. “Yes, I’m older than I look. I’ll show you my driver’s license if you want.”
“You’re here because something bad happened, and you’re following your brother’s advice? Even though it came over a decade ago. Times change. People change.”
She breathed in a sigh, then blew it out. “I never got this letter. Not the normal way, I mean.”
He did a virtual headslap. Of course not. John didn’t buy it on that mission, so the letter would have—should have—been trashed. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have had to write new ones every time. “How did you get it?”
“At his funeral.”
Derek stiffened. Massaged his forehead. Why hadn’t he known?
Because you’re not with the Rangers or Blackthorne anymore.
After a deep exhale, he met her gaze. “John’s …? When? How?”
Sabrina’s matter-of-fact tone when she answered told him she’d been over this enough so that she was numb. Either that, or she hadn’t cared about her brother, but the underlying sadness—and something else he couldn’t identify—in her eyes said that wasn’t the case.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” he said, still absorbing the shock of John's death. “I knew your brother from the army and from our work in another company. He was a good man.”
“Thank you,” she said. “We weren’t close, but we were always family. Foster siblings, but …” She cupped her mug in her hands.
“You don’t know who put the envelope in your coat?” he asked. Had Sarge been there? No, if he had, he’d have introduced himself, handed it to her personally.
“No. I didn’t know anyone at the funeral. John and I went our separate ways, and had our own lives. Do you think it’s important? I figured it was someone who didn’t want to embarrass me by giving it to me directly. You know, afraid I might cry. Guys don’t like crying women much, from what I’ve seen.”
She had that right. He set the letter on the end table. “What triggered this visit, then?”
He listened as she explained. Break-ins, vandalism, crank emails, and the destroyed car. Sadly, in this day and age, not all that unusual. Or threatening.
She seemed to read his thoughts. “I’ve blown this all out of proportion. If I hadn’t read the letter, I doubt any of this would have seemed worth packing and running away. I guess because he wrote ‘if anything ever happens’ had my brain ready to see stuff … bad stuff … happening. If you’ll call a tow truck, I’ll be on my way.” She placed her mug on the coffee table and stood, extending her hand. “It was nice meeting you, Derek Cooper, and I’m sorry to have put you to all this trouble.”
“Can I at least offer you breakfast?” Derek said. “It won’t be anything fancy, since my cook quit, but my crew will be here in a bit, and they’ll be expecting food. And if you’ll keep me company while I cook, I might be able to tell you a little about your brother.”
“If you’ll let me help.”
He picked up both mugs, and she followed with the milk carton.
“What are we making?” she asked.
He glanced at the wall clock. Damn, he’d overslept, and Sabrina’s arrival hadn’t helped his schedule. “Might have to be cereal today. Or whatever we can get on the table in about fifteen minutes. My guys do not like to wait for food, and they’ll be doubly impatient because the weather’s made for extra work. My cook quit,” he repeated, “but even I can’t screw up cereal.”
Sabrina stared at the contents of the fridge, then grabbed a carton of eggs and set it on the counter. “I can scramble eggs. I see bacon, too. Can you handle that?”
“Sounds like a plan. You eggs, me bacon.” Derek pulled a bowl and two frying pans from under the cooktop. “But keep an eye on me so I don’t burn it.”
“I promise to alert you at the first signs of smoke. You said fifteen minutes? Guess that rules out biscuits. You have bread for toast?”
He tilted his chin toward the pantry.
She returned with a loaf, found the toaster on the counter, and popped four slices in. “Baking sheet? Shallow tray?” she asked. “Make it two.”
“For scrambled eggs?”
She fussed with the oven controls. “No, to keep the toast and bacon warm.” She moved to the fridge, grabbed the butter and the milk carton. “You’d better get the bacon going.”
He cranked up the flame under a frying pan and peeled bacon slices apart, setting them in the pan.
Sabrina opened the carton of eggs. “I didn’t ask. How many people?”
“Five. Three hungry cowboys, plus the two of us.”
“When you say hungry cowboys, I’m thinking I should be cooking for ten.”
He chuckled. “Sounds about right. Twelve, if your eggs are better than what I create.”
“Hard to mess up scrambled eggs,” she said.
You haven’t tasted mine.
The mudroom door creaked open. Boots thunked. Water ran in the sink.
“Guess I was off by about ten minutes,” he said.

Chapter 4


Sabrina tipped the egg mixture into the pan. Three sock-footed cowboys, along with the dog she’d seen earlier, stepped into the kitchen. The men stopped as if they’d hit an invisible wall. The dog gave her a sniff, a lazy tail wag, then trotted to one of the cowboys.
“Good morning,” she said to the men. “Breakfast will be ready in a few minutes.”
“This the new cook, D-Man?” one said. “Easier on the eyes than Bella, that’s for sure.” He touched the brim of his gray cowboy hat and bobbed his head.
“Was that her car stuck down the drive?” This from one in a beige hat.
“No to the first, yes to the second,” Derek said. “This is Sabrina, and she’s here for this morning. Grab your coffee, and you can fill me in on the aftermath of last night’s storm over breakfast.”
Sabrina stirred the eggs, watching the men as they grabbed mugs from a cabinet and went to the coffee maker. Each filled his mug, then padded through a doorway at the far end of the kitchen. Dining room, she assumed.
She found a saucepan and melted half a stick of butter. “Pastry brush?” she asked.
Derek looked at her as though she’d asked for a rattlesnake. Eyebrows raised, he pointed at a bank of drawers. “Try one of those.”
Sabrina pulled them open, finding a catch-all drawer of utensils, including her target brush. Given it was in the kitchen, she assumed Derek didn’t use it for painting. She shuttled bread through the toaster, spreading each slice with a nice layer of melted butter, put them on one of the shallow trays, then put the tray into the warm oven. She lined the other tray with paper towels. Derek understood, and forked the slices of bacon onto that one as he brought them out of the pan.
Her eggs were almost done. “Serving platter? Plates? Utensils?”
Derek pointed to cabinets along the wall. “Try over there.”
What kind of a person didn’t know his own kitchen? She hadn’t noticed a wedding band on his hand, or any pictures that suggested he was anything but a bachelor. Then again, he’d said he’d had a cook, so she must have ruled the kitchen.
Sabrina found what she needed. She didn’t approve of putting hot food on cold plates, but she had a feeling the cowboys in the other room would devour their breakfast before it would make a difference.
She discovered jam, jelly, and honey in the pantry and pulled them from the shelf.
“Better grab the peanut butter,” Derek said. “Tim can’t live without it. And the ketchup.”
“Ketchup? Not on my eggs,” she said.
Derek gave her a skeptical look, but shrugged.
She added a jar of peanut butter to a tray along with the other condiments, then dished the hot food onto platters. Derek carried the bacon and eggs while she followed with the toast.
One of the cowboys—gray hat—stood when she walked in. “I’ll get the plates,” he said, as though he knew that much about where things were kept.
Once everyone was seated with a plate heaped with food in front of him, she took a moment to study them. All deeply tanned, despite the hats they wore. They hadn’t removed them. She assumed there were three pairs of boots near where they’d entered the room. Apparently not tracking mud and cow stuff into the house was more important than removing one’s hat, although that didn’t mean she had to agree with it. Gray Hat, she discovered, was Frank. Tim wore a black one. Bryce wore beige.
Bryce, tall and lean, wore his long, blond hair pulled into a ponytail, wrapped every few inches in different colored rubber bands like a striped snake. Tim and Frank, both broad-shouldered and muscular, wore their hair short. Unlike Derek, all three men wore short-sleeved shirts, not tees. Snaps, not buttons. Cowboy shirts. And chaps, which framed their denim-clad rear ends nicely, although she had made a point of not staring.
She smiled inwardly at the way they’d gone silent and chowed down after their first bites. And nobody had asked for ketchup. The dog, she noted, had plopped himself at Bryce’s feet, gazing expectantly for handouts. Which, judging from the way Bryce’s hand reached down every now and then, were coming his way.
Sabrina let everyone eat while she had a small plate of her own. When the last piece of bacon was gone, the last crumb of buttery toast licked off fingers, she cleared the dishes, insisting she didn’t mind cleaning up. She felt four pairs of eyes on her as she left the room. Two of the cowboys’ were shades of blue, one chocolate brown, but it was the golden ones she swore were warming her ass.
As if she needed any of this. As soon as her car was freed, she’d be out of here. This whole trip had been a stupid mistake. Her imagination had gotten the better of her, making her see worst-case scenarios everywhere.
As she loaded the dishwasher, strains of conversation that revolved around cows, full of unfamiliar terms, filtered through the room. Apparently the storm had taken down some fencing and the cowboys had spent an unacceptably long time hunting for strays. Another complained about mucking out the horse barn where the horses had been sheltered from the rain.
“Got one heifer snagged in the barbed wire,” one voice said. “She’s okay. Won’t need the vet.”
More talk about cattle to work, having two locals come out to help, and then the four came in and set their empty mugs on the counter.
“Thank you very much, ma’am. Haven’t had breakfast that tasty since Bella left,” Frank said.
“Better’n Bella’s,” another one—Tim? added. “You sure we can’t talk you into a job here? We can twist D-Man’s arm.”
“Thanks, but no,” she said. “As soon as my car’s free, I’ll have to be leaving.”
“Cryin’ shame,” he said. “What would it take to get you to stay for lunch?”
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a wallet. She waved him off. “Sorry, no. But I’m glad you enjoyed the food. I hope Derek finds another cook soon.”
“Not as much as we do,” Frank said. “Last two weeks have been hell—excuse my French, ma’am. That man can burn water.”
A muffled boom rumbled from outside and through the kitchen.
Sabrina looked to the men, who had rushed out of the kitchen the way they’d entered. Derek came hustling after them. “Stay here,” he said.
Sabrina pulled aside the curtain over the sink and peered out the window. A plume of gray smoke billowed in the air.



Derek shoved his feet into the mud boots he’d left by the back door. His crew was yanking on their cowboy boots. “Get a fire extinguisher. The one in the kitchen’s too small.”
Tim stomped his feet. “I’ll get it.” He took off in the direction of the barn.
The three remaining men paused on the porch. Derek stared into the expanse of bright blue sky. Cloudless except for the rising gray smoke. “Too wet for a brush fire,” he said.
“Something exploded,” Bryce said. “Looks like it’s on the approach road.”
Not the barn. Not an outbuilding. Sabrina’s car. Damn. He doubted it would have spontaneously combusted. He darted inside for his gun rack and returned with his shotgun. He sniffed the air, the acrid stench of smoke filling his nostrils. Whinnying carried from the barn. “Bryce, go settle the horses. They were spooked last night. The noise and smoke aren’t helping.”
Bryce, a former K-9 handler, who preferred animals to people, took off at a jog with Charlie romping alongside.
Derek sensed Sabrina at his side. “What happened?” she asked.
“That’s what I’m going to find out. I thought I told you to stay put.”
She folded her arms across her chest. Lifted her chin. Somehow, even though she couldn’t be more than five-three standing there in her socks, she seemed to be his equal at six feet. A lone purple-capped chickadee mobbing an eagle. He tried not to laugh.
“Sabrina, until we know what’s going on, I need you to be in the house where it’s safe. You did come here because you thought you needed help, right? Let me help you.”
“With a gun?” She moved a few steps from him and peered toward the smoke. “That’s where my car was. You going to shoot it and put it out of its misery?”
This time he couldn’t suppress the laugh. “No, it’s more to scare someone away—assuming we find someone out there.”
Her gaze dropped to his Remington. “Yeah, that would do it.”
“Wait inside. I’ll be back.” He clamped his Stetson on his head.
“Arnold said it better.” She flounced into the house.
“Feisty little thing, ain’t she?” Frank said. “She shows up, her car gets stuck, and cooks breakfast in return for a tow? Not that I’m complaining, mind you.”
“We’ll discuss it later,” Derek said. “Now, let’s see what’s going on out there. We’ll take the Gator.” Derek took the driver’s seat of the ATV and Frank hopped in beside him.
“Since I’m riding shotgun,” Frank said, “how about you let me carry the damn thing.”
Derek frowned and handed the weapon to Frank. “Don’t get trigger-happy, okay?”
“You mean ask questions first, shoot later? Not how we’ve done things.”
“It is now, and I don’t think we’re going to find anyone to shoot or ask questions.”
As the Gator slogged along the muddy road, Derek considered the possibilities. A random act? Not likely, given Sabrina had said her car was stuck about a quarter mile from the house. His house wasn’t visible from the main road, and Sabrina’s car wouldn’t be, either. That would mean someone had to be heading for his place. Why? An all-too-familiar sensation, like a cannonball rolling around deep in his belly, set his jaw clenching. He stared into the dissipating smoke, the same color as Sabrina’s eyes.
Before they reached the car, debris lay along the road. Not car parts. The car smoldered, but it was intact. Derek stopped the Gator.
He jumped out of the ATV and strode to the nearest item. A piece of fabric. No, a t-shirt. He picked it up. From its size, it didn’t take much to deduce it must belong to Sabrina. He reached for another. When it turned out to be a lacy bra, he dropped it as if it had bitten him.
What? You’ve never seen one of these?
It couldn’t get any dirtier than it already was, he figured. He followed the trail of garments to the car.
Given the torn cardboard around the car, Derek surmised the vandal had searched, then scattered the contents of the boxes Derek had helped Sabrina carry last night. From the looks of things, after taking whatever he’d come for, the vandal had tossed a small explosive into the car. The trunk was open and empty except for a donut spare. He checked the car. She’d replaced the donut with a full-size tire.
Where was her suitcase? Still at the motel? But why have the boxes with her? Were the contents of the boxes what lay on the ground? Or had the vandal dumped her suitcase contents and taken the case with him?
Too many questions. He’d ask Sabrina later. He motioned to Frank, who jogged over, shotgun in hand. “Whatcha got, D-Man?”
“You tell me. What do you see?” Frank had been their recon specialist in their Ranger days, and the man hadn’t lost his touch. He could read a trail like it was playing on a Jumbotron. Rather than get in Frank’s way, Derek leaned against the Gator.
Tim trotted over on his bay gelding, fire extinguisher in hand. “Still need this?”
“Seems to be dying on its own,” Derek said.
“Not like you to make those kinds of assumptions, D-Man,” Tim said. “Might be ugly combustion potential still in there.”
Tim was right. Something had messed with Derek’s head, and he tried to yank himself into the game. Trouble was, the game reminded him too much of what he’d left behind when he’d taken over the Triple-D, and he didn’t want to go there. He accepted the fire extinguisher. 
“I’ll take care of it,” Derek said. “Whoever this was can’t have gotten far. With luck, they’ll be stuck in the mud between here and the main road. See if you can get a bead on whoever might have done this. But don’t do anything stupid. Call me and report.”
“You got it, D-Man.” Tim galloped off.
Derek checked the ground, picking his way around potential evidence as he made his way close enough to the car to use the extinguisher.
“How you want to handle this?” Frank asked. “Us or the cops? I walk around here, I’m gonna contaminate anything the cops could see.”
Derek fished his cell phone out of his pocket and tossed it to Frank. “Take pictures. I’m not going to sit around waiting for the cops to show up to tell me someone vandalized this car. Besides, you know how to be careful. Or are you saying you can’t handle the job?”
Frank snorted. “Me? This is nothing.” He snapped pictures as he moved in closer. “Might have a shoe print. Distorted because of the water, but whoever our guy was, he wasn’t wearing cowboy boots.”
Frank continued his examination, walking around the vehicle, stooping, snapping, and mumbling to himself. “You want to leave this all here? I don’t think the cops will be able to tell much from all these muddy clothes. I’ll bet our cook would like them back.”
Derek pulled a plastic storage container from the Gator and dumped out the crumbs of lunch from a couple days ago. “I’ll get them.” For reasons unfathomable to him, Derek didn’t want Frank touching Sabrina’s clothing, her lingerie in particular. Why? What claim did Derek have over her?

Chapter 5


Sabrina crept to the front porch and grabbed her sneakers. If she needed to bolt, she wasn’t going to do it in her socks.
Of course, she had no idea where she’d run, since she was out in the middle of nowhere, and as far as she’d seen, there wasn’t much in the way of cover.
Who would be coming for her? This had to have something to do with John. Who’d have it in for a vocational school culinary instructor? Her recipes were hardly worth stealing.
Unable to settle, she returned to the exploring she’d begun earlier, zeroing in on the picture that had caught her attention. Twelve men in front of a helicopter. Some standing, some kneeling. All with weapons. Wishing the photo was a close-up instead of a group shot taken from too far away, she studied each face. A younger Derek, his hair cropped short, military style. Gazing from face to face, she tried to conjure a mental image of John as he’d have looked in those days.
Come on. You lived with him. Sat across the dinner table from him almost every night for years. Wouldn’t you recognize him if he was in this picture?
One looked vaguely like the teen she remembered. Sadness engulfed her when she realized she couldn’t be sure.
Footfalls behind her had her hurrying to replace the picture where she’d found it. She spun, ready to apologize for snooping. But the man standing in the middle of the room wasn’t Derek. Or one of the cowboys she’d met. Or, judging from his clothes, a cowboy at all.
Dark sunglasses obscured his eyes. A neatly-trimmed salt-and-pepper goatee and moustache surrounded thin lips. His hair, thick and silver, added a look of sophisticated elegance. He wore loose-fitting black trousers, a loose-fitting tweed blazer over a lightweight crew-neck, charcoal gray shirt.
She stood, chin raised. Waited for him to break the silence. He stared. Although everything about him exuded a sinister air, he could have every right to be here. To him, she might be the intruder.
A door slammed. The man pivoted. Bryce stormed into the room. Carrying a rifle. “Who the hell are you?”
The man raised his hands. “There’s no need for violence.”
Sabrina agreed, but she sure as heck wasn’t going to get in the middle of a testosterone standoff.
For what seemed like forever, the two men glared at each other. Bryce glanced at Sabrina. “You let this guy in?”
She shook her head. “No, he appeared a few seconds ago.”
“You always let yourself into other people’s homes, mister?” Bryce said.
“If you’ll put down that weapon, I can explain,” the man said. “I have ID. Left breast pocket.”
“Two fingers,” Bryce said. “And leave your other hand where I can see it.”
Either Bryce watched a lot of television or there was more to him than being a ranch hand. As the stranger was reaching into his pocket, Derek entered the room holding a plastic storage box. He froze. “What the hell is going on? Bryce?”
“This guy showed up uninvited. I’m asking for a formal introduction.”
“Which I will be happy to provide,” the stranger said. “But please, can we dispense with the hostility? I’m on your side.”
“Didn’t know there were any sides to be taken,” Bryce muttered.
“Get to work,” Derek said. “I’ll take it from here.”
“You sure?” Bryce lifted an eyebrow and offered his rifle to Derek, who waved it off.
“Yes, we’re fine. But there are cattle that need your attention. Grab the rest of the crew and check the far north pasture. Water can back up there. Let me know if we need to move the herd, or if adding feed will cover it.”
Bryce glared at the stranger once more, but left.
Sabrina blew out a breath. Derek must think this guy meant no harm, or he wouldn’t have sent Bryce away.
“You still want to see my ID?” the stranger asked. A faint smile twitched at the corner of his mouth.
Derek strode forward and smacked the man in the arm. “I’m not even going to ask how the hell you got in here without being noticed.” He glanced down. “Or getting your feet muddy.”
The stranger laughed. “Nor would I tell you. Although back in the day, you’d have done the same thing.”
Sabrina cleared her throat.
“Excuse me,” Derek said. “Sabrina Barton, I’d like you to meet an old colleague—”
“Young colleague,” the man interrupted. “Don’t let the hair fool you. Family trait. Everyone goes silver by the time they’re thirty. But we don’t go bald.” He turned to Sabrina. “I worked with Derek years ago, but I was the new guy and he was on his way out. I heard about your brother. I offer my condolences for your loss. John was a good man.”
“Thank you.” Questions raced through Sabrina’s brain, but before she could organize them, Derek extended the box he’d been holding.
“We found these in the dirt around your car. I’m assuming they’re yours, and you’d want to wash them. There’s a washer and dryer in the mud room.” He cocked his head in that direction.
Sabrina bit back the retort forming at her abrupt dismissal. She grasped the box and gave him what she hoped was a sweet smile. “I’ll go do the laundry, I guess. Do you have anything of yours to wash as long as I’m at it?”
His expression said he’d caught the sarcasm. Good.
Derek walked her toward the kitchen. “That won’t be necessary. My friend and I have some catching up to do. I’ll fill you in on what we found at your car a little later.”
She’d caught an underlying tension between the two men, and since it was obvious they weren’t going to speak in front of her, she might as well get out of their way. But later, she’d ask the man about John. “Sure thing.”
Derek left, and Sabrina continued through the kitchen to seek out the washing machine. After setting the box on top of the dryer, she went through the muddy clothing, automatically sorting the items according to wash cycles.
Great. The man’s seen your underwear.
When she spied a hamper between the soak sink and the washer, she was tempted to return the gesture. And why not? Not to snoop, of course, but to save water by combining loads.
What the heck. 
She dumped the contents of Derek’s hamper onto the floor and began separating darks from lights. Nothing exotic about this man’s taste in underwear. What would he say if she stuck his red sweatshirt in with his white cotton briefs? What would he think of pink?
She looked in the box of her clothes again. Half of what she’d brought was missing. And why hadn’t Derek put these in her suitcase instead of this box? Did he think the wet and muddy clothes would ruin her luggage? Or the rest of her clothes? If that were the case, though, wouldn’t he have brought her suitcase? She scanned the room to see whether he’d left it in here. Nope.
Where was her suitcase? Where were the rest of her clothes? And what about everything she’d had in her boxes? Was all that still in the car? Or had it been destroyed?
And, come to think of it, why had the stranger cut Derek off mid-introduction? So she wouldn’t know his name? Yet he’d known about John. And that he was her brother.



Derek returned to the living room where his uninvited guest waited, sitting in one of the leather easy chairs, fancy-loafered foot resting over a knee. “She took the hint,” Derek said.
“You think she’s going to sit around a laundry room waiting for the machines to do their thing?”
“No, which is why we’re not going to talk in here. Come with me.” Derek walked through the living room and down the hall to his office. Inside, he closed the door, then crossed to the row of built-in bookcases lining one wall. Facing his guest, he said, “What’s your name this time, or are you still Dapper Dan?”
The man chuckled. “Adam is fine.”
His real name. “Adam it is. But you’ll excuse me if I verify your current credentials.”
“Wouldn’t have expected less,” Adam said. “Do you want to grill me about some of our mutual acquaintances? Harper’s married. So’s Dalton.”
Derek’s eyes widened. “You’re shittin’ me.”
Adam laughed, then made a show of drawing an X on his heart. “Not only that, but Harper’s gig came with a kid. Little girl. Molly. Cute and scary-smart.”
“Harper still with the team?” Derek asked. “I remember he banged up his knee pretty good in Panama. Before your time, though.”
“Less field work, but he’s still active. So’s Dalton. Grinch, on the other hand, retired after some ugly stuff in Nicaragua. Oh, and the boss is married.”
Derek grabbed the bookcase for support. “What the—?”
“Seems he re-hooked up with someone from his past. Grace Ellsworth. If we ever have a free week—make that a month—maybe I’ll tell you about it.” Adam cocked his head. “Do I pass?”
“One more step.” Derek punched a number into his phone, a number he’d hoped he’d never have to use again, but one burned into his memory. After verifying Adam still worked for Blackthorne, and was indeed at the ranch on official business, he turned to the man, who waited, a smile teasing at his lips.
Derek pulled the false set of books from the center bookcase and activated the latch behind them. The bookshelf popped away from the wall a couple of inches. “We can have privacy down here.”
“I might have known you couldn’t leave the cloak and dagger behind,” Adam said. “But seriously? A panel behind a bookcase? Isn’t that too much of a cliché?”
“Cliché or not, it’s what I’ve got.” Derek swung the bookshelf open, revealing the entrance to the cellar he had converted when he’d taken over the ranch. He flipped on a light and waved Adam through. “After you.”
Derek followed Adam down the narrow flight of stairs and along the hallway. Adam paused at the door, and Derek said, “It’s not locked.” He opened the door, revealing his underground retreat.
Sequestered in Derek’s hideaway, Adam looked around and gave a low whistle. “Not bad. I take it you’ve got an exit to the outside?”
“Yes, and since you’re asking, I’m going to go out on a limb and say this isn’t how you got in. Given your expertise with disabling alarm systems, I’d concede you’d’ve bypassed it even if it was armed, but I can’t see how lying to me is going to do either of us any good. We can discuss the efficacy of your ingress later. Right now, get to the point. Why are you here?”
“Efficacy?” Adam grinned. “I do recall your love of ten-dollar words. Professor.”
Derek grimaced at the reminder of his Blackthorne call sign. “Not much use for them out here with the cows.”
Adam strolled around the simple room, not much different from Derek’s office upstairs, as if inventorying the contents as he spoke. Or searching for the exit? Adam walked his fingers across the oak desk, stroked the edge of Derek’s computer monitor. “The cops are calling John’s death a hit and run, which it was, since the guy hit him and ran, but it was no accident. John was on his way to a meet. Someone got a glimpse of the driver’s plate.”
“Did they report it?” Derek sat in one of the two recliners in the room. He motioned Adam to the other one.
Adam sat, then rested his elbows on his thighs and clasped his hands. “It was dark, the witness said she couldn’t tell what kind of a car it was beyond a dark sedan. We’re investigating, too. If John was onto something ugly, the last thing we need is for it to go public.”
“What was John working on that got him killed? And how does his sister play in?”
Adam sobered. “John was following a lead on biologicals.”
“Which is pretty wide-open territory. Can you be more specific?”
“I wish we could. That’s all John told us. He left a message he was meeting a source to evaluate his credibility and he’d report once he determined whether it was bogus or a threat. He was killed before he passed on any intel.”
“Nobody knew where he was going?” Derek asked. “Who he was meeting?”
“You worked with John. His call sign wasn’t Lone Wolf for nothing.”
“I remember,” Derek said. “But you have to know something, or you wouldn’t be here.”
“Blackthorne is dealing with it. My task is to find out whether his sister knows anything, and to assess whether she’s in danger.”
“Given what’s gone down, I’d say the second is a given.” Derek filled Adam in on what Sabrina had told him about the break-ins, phone calls, emails, and vandalism, as well as the letter from John. “She was scared, so she ran, and because I was a connection to her brother, she found me.”
“Right. I’ll revise my statement to how much danger she’s in. And, of course, to protect her.” Adam paused and pinned Derek with his gaze.
Derek threw up his hands. “You’re not— No Way. No. Bloody. Way. I’m out of the business. I’m a cattle rancher.”
“With a subterranean hideaway equipped with state of the art computer and communication technology, from the looks of it.” Adam rose and strolled to the oak-paneled wall, bare except for a framed landscape. He tapped it with a knuckle. “What’s behind this?”
Derek sighed and went to his desk, pressing the release beneath the keyboard drawer. The paneling slid into its pocket, revealing six monitors. “Before you say anything, no, I don’t use these. Until now.” He flipped the switches to activate the cameras and monitors. “I live on a damn cattle ranch. I raise beef. I don’t play the game anymore. Got over the paranoia after living here a year. So why run surveillance? Yeah, if I thought rustling was a problem, I’d have been watching, but until you showed up, I had no reason to think I needed to. And most of this stuff isn’t as state of the art as you think. It’s been four years, and four years is a lifetime in technology.”
“Yet you have the system,” Adam said. “Blackthorne is strong in you, old man.”
“Tell you what. You can sit down here and watch these monitors. After we talk to Sabrina.”
Adam waved him off. “I’ll bet my next paycheck there’s an armory in here somewhere, too.” He pulled out his cell phone, raised his eyebrows. “Cell reception?”
“We’re in the middle of nowhere, but cell phones are better than radios for keeping in touch with the hands. A group of us got together, talked to Verizon, and there’s a tower on a rise not far from here. Gives the whole town better coverage, too.”
“Whatever works. And let’s not talk about cowhands who just happen to have been Ranger buddies before they chose the wrangler life.”
“They’re cowboys now, like me. When I first left, I was worried about repercussions, but I got over it. I’ve never had to do anything more than play around with the Civilian Posse once in a while.”
“You can never leave Blackthorne,” Adam said.
Derek raised a shoulder. “So, if Sabrina’s in danger, why don’t you use some Blackthorne magic and make her disappear? Why come to me?”
“First, we didn’t come to you. Sabrina did, and that move led us here.”
“You’ve been following her?” Derek said.
Adam shrugged.
Of course they were. Blackthorne didn’t miss anything. Except for that one time. Derek shoved those thoughts away. The past was the past. He lived in the now.
“You didn’t answer my first question. Why not whisk her away?” Derek asked.
“Because now that they know where she is, they’ll be watching for anyone leaving the place.”
“You’re saying you think she should stay here?”
Adam swept his arm in a broad gesture. “Looks like the ideal setup. Keep her tucked away, protect her if things get rough.”
“Which you didn’t know about until you got here. What was your Plan B?”
“Sneak her out and hide her somewhere. If necessary, get her a new identity, at least a temporary one, until we find out who we’re dealing with, what they have, what they intend to do with it. And thwart their efforts, of course.”
“Of course.”
“But since she’s here, it makes more sense for her to ride it out. By the time we set her up with an identity, this might all blow over. And if it’s a matter of hiding her away, this is as good a place as any. Shouldn’t be too long. We’re still trying to find whoever caused her automobile mishap last night.”
“You’re saying the accident on the highway last night wasn’t an accident?” The hairs on the back of Derek’s neck jerked to attention. His scalp crawled as if an army of ants had invaded.
“I am,” Adam said.
“And you don’t know who was behind it.”
“Not yet.”
“But they know who Sabrina is. Won’t they be looking for her?”
“Of course. But if we bring them to us, we can control things.”
Derek tilted his hat, swiped beads of sweat from his forehead. “Use her as bait, you mean. Assuming I’ll go along with your suggestion, I don’t suppose you’d think to ask her first. Let her make her own decision.”
Adam looked as though the idea had never occurred to him.
Derek drummed his fingers on the desk. “Unless you have intel on her saying otherwise, I suggest we round her up and lay it out for her. Since leaving the Rangers and Blackthorne, I’ve found the old honey instead of vinegar thing actually works.”
“You sound like my mother.” Adam’s lip curled upward, and he rose from the recliner. “And she’s a very wise woman.” He ambled to the monitors and tapped one. “You expecting company?”
Chapter 6


Sabrina finished sorting the clothes from the hamper, adding hers plus ones Derek must have dumped on the mudroom floor. She found the detergent, read the instructions on the washer, and switched on the washing machine. So, now what? She respected that Derek and what’s-his-name didn’t want her around. Didn’t mean she liked it, but she respected it. Growing up in a house full of foster siblings, she’d learned early on that privacy was a rare, but highly prized, commodity.
She crept through the kitchen, listening for voices. The living room was empty. She wandered down the hall, found a bathroom and took advantage of that. Next to it was a closed door. She pressed her ear against the wood. Not to eavesdrop. To make sure she didn’t barge in on them. Silence. Dare she go in?
Imagining the two men in a heated embrace sent heat along her neck. Not that she’d gotten any vibes they were a couple. She backed away and returned to the kitchen. A cowboy, whose name escaped her, had offered her money to stick around and cook lunch. She wouldn’t accept payment, but cooking would relax her and pull her mind away from its insistence on wondering.
Although taking over someone else’s kitchen without permission wouldn’t sit well with her, Derek had invited her in this morning, and she couldn’t imagine he’d take offense.
While these thoughts zipped through her brain, she was already taking inventory of what foodstuffs Derek’s kitchen offered. And what did cowboys eat for lunch? Did they even come to the house for the midday meal? Was there a chuck wagon? If they came to the ranch, did they eat a big lunch or simple sandwiches?
She could play the guessing game, or she could cook. She opted for the latter. She’d seen tortillas in the pantry. Burritos, she decided. Those were both hearty and could pass as sandwiches as well.
She began laying out her mise en place, collecting everything she’d need for the dish. Not her preferred ingredients, but she’d make do. Her major stumbling block was the meat. There was plenty of ground beef in the freezer, but it was, well, frozen. She’d have to resort to the microwave, hoping the meat wouldn’t cook on the outside before it thawed on the inside.
You’ll have to keep an eye on it. Like risotto, some things can’t be left untended.
She wondered if cowboys liked risotto. Nah. Meat and potatoes was her guess, reinforced by the vast quantities of potatoes in the pantry and the utter lack of arborio rice.
The meat was defrosting nicely, and she was chopping onions when Derek ran through the kitchen. “Stay here,” he shouted, then the outside door slammed.
Deciding to interpret Derek’s here to mean in the house, Sabrina went in search of the stranger.
She found him in the living room, standing alongside the front window, peering through the edge of the curtains. He turned at her approach, dropping the curtain into place. “Miss Barton.”
There was an edgy impatience to his tone, a subtle threat in his gaze, and Sabrina halted several feet away as if she’d slammed into a force field. “Am I interrupting?” she asked. “I saw Derek race out of the house and wondered if something was wrong. You know, like a cattle stampede or an injured horse. I don’t know much about ranching.” She left the, or does it have something to do with me? out of her questions.
“Sorry,” the man said. “I’m Adam. Derek said there was something he’d forgotten to check on. I’m as much in the dark as you are.” His smile stopped a long way from his deep brown eyes.
“Would you join me in the kitchen? I’m trying to put lunch together, but I’ll take you up on your offer to tell me about my brother.”
If she hadn’t been looking for it, she’d have missed the sidelong glance toward the window, the almost imperceptible tweak of his goatee as his jaw clenched. The fraction of a second’s hesitation before he gave her another forced smile and moved toward her. “Sure.”
She spun and went back to her burritos.
Adam entered a moment later, pulling a chair from the breakfast nook closer to her workspace. “Did John tell you about his job?” he asked.
Sabrina flashed to John’s funeral, watching from the outskirts as people shared memories of her brother. They’d known him better than she had. She scraped the onions to the edge of the cutting board and smashed cloves of garlic. A little harder than necessary for the garlic, perhaps, but not for her rising emotion. The tears she wiped away were from the onions. Or so she told Adam when he handed her a tissue.
“No,” she said, mincing the peeled, smashed garlic cloves. “We … we weren’t close. He left to join the army after high school. He was six years older than me, which at that age is a lifetime.” She daubed at her eyes again. “Did he … did he ever talk about me?”
“Not to me,” Adam said. “John was a very private person. Kept his personal life separate from the job. He never talked about his family.”
“What did he do?” she asked. “I know he worked for a security company. I assumed he was a bodyguard or night watchman or something.”
Adam’s chuckle was a pleasant sound—the first sign of a person under his stiff façade. “Not quite. We provide computer security for large corporations.”
“Oh. Somehow, I didn’t figure John for a computer person. He was always an action sort of guy. He wasn’t big on academics, which is why he joined the army right after graduation.”
“Guess he picked up some skills,” Adam said. “What about you? What do you do?”
“I teach cooking.” She poured olive oil into a frying pan and waited for it to heat. Something about Adam didn’t ring true. She didn’t have to share anything about her personal life. Apparently, she and John had that much in common.
The onions had sweated, so she added the garlic and gave everything a toss. When the mud room door opened and shut, Adam’s back stiffened. His gaze snapped to the door. And not in a I wonder who that might be kind of way.



Derek refrained from bursting into the kitchen. The aroma of garlic and onions teased his nostrils. Sabrina must be cooking, because Adam wasn’t much handier in the kitchen than Derek. Right now, food, no matter how enticing it smelled, was not a priority. He entered the room as Sabrina turned, but he caught Adam’s gaze above her head before she looked up.
Adam smoothed a brow above questioning eyes. Their signal for Did you see something? Derek cast his gaze downward toward Sabrina, whose round gray eyes demanded answers. Focusing on Adam, Derek rubbed his nose. Not a good time to talk.
“Couple of steers got loose,” he said. “They’re secure for now, but a bit stressed. I’ll let them cool their heels awhile, then see if I can send them where they belong. Got one of my hands making sure they’re all right.”
“Catching steers. All part of being a cowboy, I suppose,” Adam said. “Another day in the life.”
Derek assumed Adam understood the real meaning behind his words. Two men had been poking around Sabrina’s car, but thanks to quick action by Tim and Frank before Derek had arrived, they were now hog-tied in the vehicle barn. They hadn’t been willing to talk, carried no ID, but from what Tim had said, he’d found a vehicle parked alongside the ranch drive, not far from the turnoff to the road. No plates, but Tim had texted Derek the VIN. For now, they’d assume these varmints were the car’s occupants. Whether they were the only occupants had yet to be determined.
“Will they be all right?” Sabrina asked.
Derek reminded himself she thought he’d been talking about cattle. “Yeah. The storm spooked them, but they’ll calm down.”
Sabrina went back to stirring whatever she was cooking. Smelled damn good. Derek wondered if he could protect her using the guise of hiring her as a replacement cook, even a temporary one.
“I hope you don’t mind that I sort of commandeered your kitchen. Cooking centers me.” Sabrina gave a nervous laugh. “A lot more than doing laundry. I thought your ranch hands might like burritos for lunch.”
Derek inhaled again, and his mouth watered. “I guarantee they’ll love them.”
With Tim standing watch over their prisoners, Derek decided it wouldn’t be fair to Sabrina to keep her in the dark any longer. Honey, not vinegar. If her brother had been killed for something he knew—or to keep him from finding it—then whoever was after John might think Sabrina held the answers. And for all Derek knew, she did.
Sabrina tasted her mixture, gave it a stir, then twisted a knob under the burner. “This needs to simmer.” She wiped her hands on a towel she’d hooked into a belt loop of her jeans and fixed her gaze on Adam, then Derek. With narrowed eyes, she asked, “Would it be presumptuous of me to ask what’s really going on?”
Definitely honey time. Derek exchanged a quick glance with Adam, who gave a quick nod. Derek hadn’t worked a lot of ops with the man, but the communication connections developed when lives were on the line didn’t go away.
“Let’s go into my office.” Derek motioned Sabrina ahead of him. Being polite, not because he liked the way her ass swayed. He reached around her to open the door, getting a whiff of shampoo. Citrus. A tingle below his belt told him he’d been surrounded by cowboys too long.
Inside, he gestured Adam and Sabrina to the sofa and took a seat behind his desk. Where to start? Hell, he was almost as much in the dark as Sabrina. He took the coward’s way out. Besides, anything connected to Blackthorne would come with need to know strings attached. “Adam, why don’t you let Sabrina know what you’re doing here.”
Adam angled his body so he faced Sabrina. “Derek filled me in on what brought you to his ranch. Based on what we’ve seen happen to your car, your instincts were right.”
Her eyes widened. “So I am in trouble?”
Adam ignored her question. “It would help us a lot if we knew how much John told you about his work.”
“I told you, we hadn’t communicated in years. He didn’t tell me anything. All I got from him recently was the letter he wrote almost fifteen years ago when he was in the Army.”
“What about his personal effects? A will? Did he leave you anything?” Derek asked.
“I don’t even know if John had a will,” Sabrina said. “Nobody got in touch with me between getting notified about his death and when I left Albuquerque. Not counting those nasty emails, but since I didn’t answer, I don’t call that ‘getting in touch.’ Nobody knows where I am now.”
Adam tilted his head, raised his eyebrows as if to say are you sure? 
Sabrina jumped from the sofa, then sank down as if a battering ram had plunged into her belly. She lowered her head into her hands.
Adam reached over, laid a hand on her shoulder.
She raised her head, tugged at her purple-tipped hair. “There’s a car out there that says otherwise, isn’t there?”
“Afraid so,” Derek said. “But you’ll be safe here.”
“How can I be? Whoever these people are know I’m here. How do I know they won’t come back?”
“They might. But if they do, the people here can protect you,” Adam said.
Great. So Adam had sent the ball into his court, and there wasn’t much Derek could do but keep it in play.
“We can,” Derek said. “Now that we know there might be a threat—” he preferred to keep things vague for Sabrina’s sake— “we’ll up the security here. And, in case you hadn’t figured it out, most of the hands working for me are well-versed in protection.”
“They were in the Rangers with you?” Sabrina asked.
“Yes,” Derek said. “But this is Colorado, and being armed is as normal as wearing jeans, so anyone who works here knows how to take care of himself. Or anyone I ask them to protect. I can’t think of a better alternative until we get a handle on what’s happening.”
“What about you, Sabrina?” Adam said. “Do you have a gun? Know how to shoot?”
She shook her head so hard Derek feared her purple spikes might fly across the room. “No. Absolutely not. I am not a gun person and don’t want to be. Ever.”
This was not the time to persuade her that firearms, in the right circumstances, might save her life.
She jumped up again, this time heading for the door. “I need to check on lunch.”
“That went well,” Derek muttered.
“I’ll update Blackthorne. You can calm her down,” Adam said.
“Hang on a sec.” Derek showed Adam the text from Tim with the car’s VIN. “You might want to pass that one up the line.”
“Most definitely.”
Derek found Sabrina in the kitchen, grabbing ingredients from the pantry and fridge, slamming them all onto the counter. He helped himself to a cup of coffee, tasted it, and grimaced. “I’ll make a fresh pot.”
She took a deep breath, fisted her hands at her hips, and surveyed the array on the counter. As if she were assembling a jigsaw puzzle, she moved things around. Another deep breath, and she began putting things away, which came as a relief, because Derek couldn’t imagine how half of what she’d laid out could possibly go into a burrito.
He set the coffee brewing, then took a seat at the kitchen table. “We’ll make this right, Sabrina.”
“You’re not talking about my burritos, are you?” Her voice wobbled.
“Your brother was a good man. We’ll find whoever did this to him.”
The spoon she was holding clattered to the counter. “You … you’re saying his death … it wasn’t an accident? Not a hit and run?”
The fear in her glistening eyes pierced his heart.
“We need a cook,” Derek continued. “You need a hiding place. What do you say?”
Her silence hung in the room like a spring fog, finally broken by a ding from the mudroom. She turned, wiped her eyes. “I guess that means the washer is done. Is your cook supposed to do the laundry, too?”

Chapter 7


Sabrina met Derek’s gaze, blinking away tears. She was not going to cry, but if she did, it wasn’t going to be in front of him. She sped to the mudroom.
Sabrina scooped the wet clothes out of the washing machine, shoved them into the dryer, then dumped the next load into the washer. When she turned to leave, Derek’s broad frame filled the doorway. Good looking or not, the implications twisted her stomach. “Are you going to follow me everywhere?”
“Not everywhere, no.”
There was nothing lighthearted about his tone, which tightened the knots in her belly. The fear she’d felt after being clipped on the road was nothing compared to this. This was real. Someone wanted to find her, and she had no clue what they were after.
“I don’t suppose these bad guys would leave me alone if I told them I didn’t have any contact with John, so I couldn’t possibly have what they want.”
“My experience says no.”
She moved toward him, and he stepped aside to let her pass. She strode to the stove to taste her burrito filling again, and frowned. “Do your cowboys like things spicy?”
That’s right. Talk about food. Pretend everything is normal.
“Yep. Within reason.” Derek stepped to the stove and reached for the spoon she’d set down. “Want me to test it?”
She yanked open a drawer and pulled out a clean spoon. This might not be a restaurant, but hygiene habits were impossible to ignore. “Use this.”
He winged his eyebrows but accepted the spoon, dipped it into the meat mixture, and raised a small sample to his lips.
And why are you focusing on his lips? Get real. You’re thinking about kissing him?
Well, it beat thinking about someone trying to kill her.
Derek sampled the morsel, then set the spoon next to hers. Sabrina couldn’t help but study his face, trying to gauge his reaction. Her ego demanded Derek approve of everything she prepared.
His eyes lit up and he grinned. “You keep cooking like this, and I’ll do the laundry.”
She feigned indignation. She thought about mud, manure, and ironing western shirts, and her initial indignation wasn’t feigned anymore. “So laundry was part of the cook’s job?”
“I’m the guy in charge of laundry.”
“But you thought you’d farm that one off on me.” Now she wished she’d stuck the red sweatshirt of his in with his whities. But that would have ruined her lights. And, to be fair, Derek hadn’t asked her to add his clothes to hers.
He lifted his hands in submission. “We can go over the ground rules of your job later. After lunch.”
Which, if the other cowboys liked her burritos as much as Derek had seemed to, might give her some negotiation leverage.
Adam strode into the kitchen, his expression unreadable. Derek’s face closed as the man approached. Sabrina’s stomach played host to a trampoline troupe. Sucking in a deep breath, she held it for a count of five, then exhaled.
“Excuse me,” she said. “Given I’m apparently the reason bad stuff is going down, I think it’s fair to be kept in the loop. Let’s start with easy questions. Where are the rest of my things?”
“I brought everything I found,” Derek said. “What’s missing?”
“I had a suitcase. Two cartons. They weren’t in the car?”
Derek shook his head. “Nope.”
Gooseflesh rippled down Sabrina’s neck. When she’d run, she hadn’t brought a lot with her, but what she’d brought, aside from clothes, was the important—at least to her—stuff. Her journals. Years of her life. Pictures, her recipes, a few family heirlooms. Aside from her recipes, the rest was valuable for the memories they encompassed, nothing more.
“Let’s talk.” Adam pulled out a chair and sat at the kitchen table. Derek joined him.
Sabrina assembled the rest of what she needed for the burritos and nodded to the men. “I’m listening.”
“Your brother was looking into something hush-hush. Right now, we think that’s why he was killed,” Derek said.
Stunned, Sabrina waited for her heart to start beating. Her mouth hung open and she made an effort to close it.
“And whoever killed him thinks he told me his secret? Why? John never communicated with me. Not after he joined the army, except for a few Christmas and birthday cards, and all that stopped, too.” She frowned at the pre-grated cheese, and all the canned goods and pre-packaged mixes. If she was going to be the ranch cook, she’d have to make changes in the pantry.
You’re avoiding the issue again.
“You know that, but the people after John don’t,” Adam said.
Something niggling at the base of Sabrina’s brain wriggled its way to the surface. She stared at Adam. “Your showing up here today wasn’t a coincidental visit, was it? Not one of those, ‘I happened to be in the area and thought I’d look up an old friend’ kind of things.” Previously buried thoughts slotted together. “You were looking for me.”
Should she be grateful or pissed?
“And it’s a good thing he was,” Derek said.
Well, Derek thought she should be grateful, and Adam had found her, so she had two votes in the grateful column. She might as well make it unanimous. “Do I want to know how you found me? Here, I mean. I know John listed me as next of kin, because that’s what the Albuquerque cops who notified me of his death said.”
“Listing next of kin is standard Blackthorne policy. It took a day or two to find you, because the last known address was out of date, but our people are good at that kind of thing.” Adam held her gaze for a moment.
Listing a next of kin where you worked seemed a bit far out. But wouldn’t John have listed someone he knew, someone he was in touch with? Was Adam judging her for not keeping her brother apprised of her whereabouts? Would finding out about his death two days earlier have made a difference in anything? She refused any guilt.
Nothing about the company he worked for seemed ordinary. She had a feeling the security jobs John did went a lot deeper than the computer work Adam had mentioned.
She sent her mind to the days after the funeral. “I called the company after I got the letter, and asked how to find Derek Cooper. Good thing I’m not a spy, I guess, since I wasn’t trying to keep who I was or why I wanted it a secret. But at the time, I had no reason to think there was anything wrong.”
The very brief glance the men exchanged told her she’d hit on something. If John had been working on something hush-hush, everything that had happened since his funeral made more sense.
John a spy? Her brain awhirl, Sabrina shoved those thoughts aside and returned to the more comfortable arena of her burrito project. “Will you be staying for lunch, Adam?”
His nonplussed expression said he hadn’t been expecting that particular question. “I suppose so.”
She wondered if he’d be here for dinner, too. And breakfast. Meanwhile, she turned on a burner and began the process of softening the tortillas, then stuffing and rolling them. Working with food had the calming result she needed, and she braved another question as she worked. “You think the bad guys, whoever they are, have my suitcase and the contents of my boxes, right? So what are you doing to find them?”
“We found the boxes, but they were empty. What was in them?” Derek asked. “Maybe they tossed the rest of what they’d found farther away. It would help if we knew what we were looking for.”
She described what she’d brought, heat flooding her face as her voice trembled. “And I had John’s journals and a photo album. Things that mattered to me. I wasn’t thinking about things that would have mattered to him, but I didn’t see anything other than the basic, everyday stuff when I went through his apartment. He wasn’t much on saving things, from what I saw.”
Adam leaned forward. “Did anyone else know he kept a journal?”
“I doubt it,” she said. “Our parents insisted we keep them, and he hated it. The ones I found ended the day he left for basic training. Most of his entries were no more than a couple of sentences.”
“What if he had a recent one?” Derek said. “One that whoever ransacked his place found. Or other records of what he’d been doing.”
“If they found it and took it, I wouldn’t have noticed.” Sabrina rolled the last burrito and set it in the baking pan alongside the others. “But if they had it, why come after me?”
What bothered her now was that these questions weren’t upsetting her the way they had when this mess started. She couldn’t be getting used to threats of violence, could she?
“They might think John told you. But for now, it seems more logical to assume they didn’t find what they needed.” Derek pulled a cell phone from his belt and fussed with it, then handed it to her. “Do you recognize this man?”
She wiped her hands on her side towel and took the phone. The screen displayed a man’s face. One eye was swollen shut, and a trickle of blood dripped from a cut on his cheek. Swarthy complexion. Clean-shaven, both face and head. She studied the image, then shook her head. “Don’t think I’ve seen him before. But everyone at the funeral was either in uniform or a business suit, and nobody looked like he’d been in a fight.” She dropped her gaze. “To be honest, all I could think of was getting out of there. I doubt I’d remember if either of you had been there.”
Derek hadn’t known about John’s death, but what about Adam? No. He’d have told her if he’d been there. And why hadn’t he? She studied him again, tried to envision him among the blur of faces at the post-funeral reception. She thought she’d have noticed the striking silver hair.
Derek took the phone, swiped the screen, and handed it to her again. “What about him?”
This guy had long, stringy blond hair, a crooked nose, scruffy beard, and a glower that almost had her feeling heat rays from the phone. “No. Him, I’d remember.”
“Guess it’s time for phase two,” Derek said.



Derek shot Adam the same tight-lipped, narrow-eyed stare he’d used when Adam was the FNG on Blackthorne ops. The one that said I’m the boss, you’re the fucking new guy, so shut up and follow orders. He almost smiled when Adam returned virtually the identical look Derek had seen then. The one that said All right—for now, but just you wait.
Adam had appeared on Derek’s turf, and for the time being, that was enough for Derek to call the shots. One of which was going to be letting Sabrina know as much as he thought she ought to know. She’d nailed it when she’d said she was at the center of things, and she needed to be aware of what might happen.
“Can you leave the burritos to fend for themselves awhile?” Derek asked her.
Sabrina topped the pan with heaps of grated cheese. “What time is lunch?”
“We break around one, one-thirty. Depends on where we’re working and how much there is to do.”
“I was going to make a chile sauce, but since you don’t have the right ingredients, I’ll skip it. These will need about half an hour in the oven to reheat.”
“Then there’s plenty of time. Come with me,” Derek said, nodding at Adam as well.
Sabrina covered the pan with foil and put it in the fridge. Derek tried to concentrate on the real reason Sabrina was here, not how much he appreciated her taking over the cooking. That was a convenient bonus to her presence, but finding John’s intel and keeping Sabrina safe were his priorities.
He led both of them to the office. When he opened the panel, Sabrina’s sharp intake of breath hissed in his ears. He imagined what she must be thinking. She’d talked of spies, and here he was, showing her a secret passage. He glanced at Adam. A clichéd secret passage.
Derek reached for her, rested a hand on her shoulder. “I’ll go first,” he said, knowing Adam would bring up the rear. He didn’t think Sabrina would bolt, but the protective moves were automatic.
He fought the memories, the overbearing weight of them, the sharp metallic taste of them. This was now, and bore no resemblance to what had happened on his final mission. Sabrina would be fine. So would he.
Downstairs, Derek opened the door and flipped on the light.
“Oh my God. You are spies.” Sabrina stood in the center of the room, turning slowly, mouth agape.
“Not spies,” Adam said. “I prefer to think of the work we do as protective intervention.”
Sabrina crossed the room to the bank of security monitors, which Derek hadn’t turned off. “Who watches these?”
“Until today, nobody,” Derek said. “I left the business years ago. This used to be a storage cellar, and when I took over the ranch, I converted it. Precautionary, old habits, ounce of prevention stuff. Didn’t take long to realize I didn’t need it to be a rancher, and that’s what I am.”
“So, do you record everything now? What can you see? How many cameras? Where are they?”
Adam’s mouth twitched. Sabrina had gone from fearful and angry to downright curious.
Derek explained the cameras and the security monitors on the wall. “But that’s not the real reason I brought you here. It’s safe. No windows. The exit to the outside is through a tunnel from the bedroom that ends in what used to be the tack room in the old barn. Well hidden, so it’s unlikely anyone will be waiting there.”
“Great,” Sabrina said. “I’m not fond of being on the receiving end of a game of Whack-A-Mole.”
This time, Derek caught the undertones to Sabrina’s flippant humor, the underlying nervousness in the timbre of her voice.
“I doubt you’ll have to use it. I wanted you to know this place exists, and if things do go south, I want you down here where I know you’ll be safe.”
“For how long?” Sabrina paced the room, stopping at one of the doors, her hand on the knob.
“That’s a bathroom,” Derek said. “To answer your question, I have no way of knowing, but not more than a day or two would be my estimate.”
Sabrina opened the door and peered inside the compact half bath. Toilet and sink. No hot showers or long soaks in a tub down here.
“There are two bunk beds in the other room.” Derek chinned toward a second door. “And the recliners in here are backup sleeping accommodations.”
“Have you ever housed six people down here?” she asked. “For more than a couple of hours? I mean, this isn’t your ranch bunkhouse, is it?”
“Nope,” Derek said. “But it’s here, and if the circumstances warranted, I don’t think folks would mind being crowded for a bit.”
She seemed to ponder that. “I guess if Anne Frank could do it, I could. But what about food? Do you go upstairs to use the kitchen?”
Derek slid open a panel at the base of a wooden wall unit. “Hot plate, coffee maker, and mini fridge. If we have to hunker down here, it’s survival, not gourmet.”
Adam, who’d been hanging back, chimed in. “Sabrina, the odds are slim you’ll be sequestered here unless you want to get away from all the testosterone for a bit. Now, I think we’d better go over everything we know.”
Derek grinned. “Sequestered. Not bad, man.” He sat behind the desk, Adam in the same recliner he’d occupied before.
Sabrina wandered to the bedroom door, opened it and peered inside before returning to take her seat. “Cozy.”
“Let’s recap what we know,” Derek said. “Sabrina, what we say here is confidential. Normally, you’d have to go through background checks—”
“Done,” Adam said.
Sabrina’s eyes rounded in indignation. “You did what?”
Adam faced her, gave her a submissive hands-up. “Routine. Part of trying to find you.”
And if Sabrina bought that, Derek would keep Adam in his favorite libation—which happened to be a very expensive single-malt scotch—for the next five years. When Sabrina jumped from the chair, her hands curled into fists, Derek knew his bank account was safe.
“You checked me out. You already knew everything about me before you got here.”
“No, of course not,” Adam said. “Not everything. We know you have no police record, and we found your address. Your place of employment. That’s about it.”
A skeptical expression on her face, Sabrina flounced into the chair. She turned her attention to Derek. “You knew this, too?”
He repeated Adam’s hands-up posture. “No. I had no clue. Still don’t, other than what you’ve told me.”
She glared at him. “You expect me to believe you two boys didn’t share?”
“All right, everyone. Who knows what and who said what isn’t productive,” Adam said. “We pool our information and what we discuss stays in this room. Agreed?”
Sabrina tugged at her hair. Derek wondered how she’d react when he told her the purple spikes would have to go.

Chapter 8


Sabrina’s stomach churned. How had she gotten entangled in John’s top secret work? Until a week or so ago, the biggest dangers in her life were burns and cuts. Painful, but not life-threatening. She tried to comprehend everything Derek and Adam had said. She had bits and pieces, like a bunch of ingredients but no recipe. She needed things laid out, organized, with a step-by-step progression.
“Can we start at the beginning? Look at all the pieces? One at a time?” she asked.
Derek swiveled his chair and stepped from behind his desk. “Hang on.” He went into the bedroom. From where she sat, she watched him bend over and reach under one of the bunk beds. She admired the way his jeans hugged his tight rear end, figuring she might as well take advantage of a positive amongst the overwhelming list of negatives.
Derek returned with a collapsible easel and an erasable whiteboard. He extended the tripod legs of the easel and set the board on the tray.
Adam spoke first. “Sabrina, your brother was looking into a lead, but he wasn’t the sort to share information while it was in the speculation phase. He was meeting a source to find out whether it was something we needed to be concerned about. If so, he’d have reported his findings and our boss would have made the decision whether we should pursue it or hand it over to other authorities. Unfortunately, he died before he reported to us.”
Derek wrote Source? on the board.
“So, are you looking for him?” Sabrina asked. “Once you know what the information is, you can go off and catch the bad guys and I can go home, right? People are counting on me.”
She paused, thinking of her students. Sabrina’s partner, Renae, who was covering for her, could teach them how to cook, sure. But would Renae understand that for these students, having a person to talk to, a person who understood them, was more important than the cooking? The school wasn’t about the cooking as much as getting these people off the streets, getting them to care about themselves, getting them to see they could break free.
She had a brief flashback to her failure with Lourdes before she realized Adam was speaking and shifted her attention to his words.
“We know your brother’s death was no accident. We did look for the source. Unfortunately, your brother’s habit of playing things close to his vest slowed us down. By the time we found him, he was dead.”
She gripped the arms of the recliner. Sweat trickled down her neck. If it had been real when she learned John’s death was no accident, this was real in all caps. Underlined. Italicized. People were out there killing people. People might be here killing people. Her, for one.
“It was made to look like a random mugging, but the cops are still investigating,” Adam said.
“Do they tell you what they find?” Sabrina asked. “If they find out who the guy is, will they let you know? In case he shows up here?”
“We’re doing a parallel investigation,” Adam said. “To date, it appears John’s source was acting on his own suspicions, and at least as far as we’ve been able to determine, was not directly involved in the operation.”
“Wait a minute,” Sabrina said. “You have two people—John and this source—who think there’s something shady going on, but don’t know what it is, or who’s doing it, or when it will happen? And they’re both killed when they start looking into whatever they’re looking for?”
“Sounds right to me,” Derek said.
Sabrina pressed her hands to her belly, almost doubling over as the implications struck home. This was worse than the nightmare where she was running blindly through a dark forest, being chased by monsters she couldn’t see. And then she remembered the pictures Derek had shown her.
“Those two men,” she said. “The ones I didn’t recognize. They have something to do with this, don’t they? Were they the ones who killed John and his source? Do you know where they are? Can you tell the cops?”
Please say yes.
And then it hit her like plunging a pot of blanched vegetables into an ice bath. She glared at Derek. “They’re here. You caught them. That’s why you raced out and fabricated that story about steers.”
“Very astute,” Derek said. “And because they’re refusing to talk, we’re waiting to see if Adam’s people can identify them from facial recognition and the VIN of the car they were using.”
“Are they also the ones who took my stuff and blew up Merry’s car?”
“Merry?” Derek said.
“My neighbor. After my car was ruined, we swapped.” Her stomach lurched. “Is she in danger, too?”
“No,” Adam said.
“And you know this how?” Sabrina asked. “She was using my car when it was vandalized. Now, I’m driving her car, and people are following me. Sounds to me like your bad guys have made the connection.”
“We’ve got someone keeping an eye on her,” Adam said.
“Okay, let’s back up.” Derek drew a line across the bottom of the board. At the far left, he wrote John dies. “When did the source die?”
“We discovered it two days later, but the cops say it was within twenty-four hours of John’s death,” Adam said. “What they can’t say is before or after.”
Derek erased Source from the top of the board and wrote it beside John’s entry. He drew a short vertical line to the right, and wrote Funeral. “Let’s stop here for a minute. Someone at the funeral put John’s farewell letter into Sabrina’s coat. Who was there? Adam?”
“Give me a sheet of paper,” Adam said. “I need to make a list and dump this all to Blackthorne at once. I know there were two ops going on when John died, so most of the people who knew him well weren’t at the funeral.”
“Do you have a company roster with pictures?” Sabrina asked. “I might remember faces. Or are they on the company’s website?”
Adam coughed into his hand again. “Part of working below the radar means not letting your face get out there, so no. But someone who was there will know.”
“Sorry,” she whispered, heat flaming her face. Of course spies didn’t advertise. But the security company John—and Adam and Derek—worked for was real, even if some of the things they did were secret.
“When could someone have put the note in your coat?” Derek asked.
Sabrina ran over the events. “At the service, it was cold in the church, so I had my coat on. I was sitting by myself.”
“Nobody jostled you on the way in, bumped into you?” Adam said.
She thought again, then shook her head. “Nobody approached until the reception. At the church, I’m not sure anybody even knew who I was.”
“After the church, you went to the cemetery. Same question,” Adam said.
“No again. And I think there were people who’d been at the church but skipped the cemetery and went straight to the hotel for the reception.” She tugged at her hair. “I didn’t know these people. They were faces to me. Blurry faces.”
Adam seemed to be laying everything out in his head, running through all the possibilities. “But you still wore your coat. And when you took it off, you didn’t notice the letter?”
“That’s right. It was hot in the room they gave us for the reception.”
“Where did you put your coat?” Derek asked.
“On a rack.”
“In the same room?” Adam said.
“Yes, near the door. But I had no reason to watch it, so I wasn’t paying attention to anyone who might have touched my coat.”
“Which means we’ve narrowed it down to people at the reception, while at the same time expanding the list beyond those who were at the church and cemetery. Great. Could even have been the hotel staff.” Adam wrote more notes.
Derek’s cell rang. He glanced at the display and frowned before raising it to his ear. As he listened, his frown turned to a grimace. “Be right there.”
At least Sabrina got another glimpse of his rear as he pivoted toward the stairs.



Derek paused and clipped his phone onto his belt. “Looks like our guests are willing to talk. Adam, Sabrina, you stay here. See what else you can remember.”
Adam looked as though he was going to protest, but he clamped his mouth shut. “Call if you need me.”
Derek took a moment to make sure everyone had each other’s numbers in their respective phones, then trotted up the stairs, through the house, and out to the vehicle barn. Their two captives were seated on opposite sides of an unused stall, ankles and wrists bound. Tim sat with his back against the stall door, his rifle resting across his upraised knees.
“Hey, D-Man,” Tim said. “These guys are getting bored, hungry, and grumbling about needing to use the facilities.”
Derek leaned over the stall door. The bald and bruised man shrank into himself. His bearded partner lifted his chin and glared.
“As a matter of courtesy, let’s start with names,” Derek said. “We’ve got your pictures, and access to facial recognition software, so we’ll know who you are, but a show of cooperation would be a nice way to start. I’m Derek. My partner here is Tim.”
Beard Man grunted something unintelligible.
“Sorry, I didn’t catch that.” Derek cupped a hand to his ear.
“Vlad,” the man said.
“And you?” Derek pointed to Baldy.
“George.”
“All right, Vlad and George. If you’ll wait here—oh, wait. You can’t go anywhere. Never mind. I’m going to do a little checking, and if you’re telling the truth, we’ll move things along.”
Their expressions didn’t hint at subterfuge, but Derek stepped away, turned his back on the stall, and called Adam to relay the information. “Computer’s open. Feel free to use it to chat with the home front.”
While he waited for Adam to get back to him, Derek returned to his captives. “You have more for me? Here are a few suggestions to get you started. Why are you here? What do you want? Who sent you? Was anyone else with you? Pick one, any one.”
“I don’t know, D-Man.” Tim got to his feet and pointed his rifle at Vlad. “This one gives me the creeps. Can I shoot him?”
“We’ve had this conversation before, Tim.” Derek tried not to laugh as Tim immersed himself in his role. “Guarding is not shooting.”
“How about the knee then?” Tim lowered the weapon to the man’s leg, then swung it around and pointed it at George’s crotch. “Or this one? Maybe he’d like to sing soprano.”
“So sorry, gentlemen. Tim has these … urges … once in a while.” Derek put a hand on Tim’s shoulder. “Did you forget to take your pills again?”
Tim hung his head. “I … um … can’t remember.”
Derek shifted his gaze from Vlad to George. “Normally, he gets over his little urges by hunting, but he hasn’t had much time for that lately. If on top of that he forgot his meds—well, I can’t predict his behavior.”
When both men’s eyes widened, Derek gave Tim’s shoulder an exaggerated pat. “Tim, if you’re good now, I’ll let you find more squirrels after lunch.”
Tim giggled. “Thanks, D-Man. But just one shot now? Please?”
George squirmed. “Hey, no need to shoot. I’ll talk. We got our instructions. Over the phone. No names. Follow a car from the Eagle’s Roost Motel, take what was inside and bring it to a drop point.”
“See, that’s being cooperative,” Derek said. “Now, since there are things missing from the car, that’s telling me there were more than you two on this little escapade. A third party. Were there more?”
Vlad shook his head.
Derek’s phone buzzed an incoming text. He swiped to the message. Adam.
Car in the drive reported stolen two days ago. Registered owner clean. Came from CO.
Car still there? Camera 1 should see it. Derek texted.
Yes, came Adam’s response.
Which meant George and Vlad’s partner in crime had his own vehicle. Were Vlad and George locals, hired for this one task? How had they found Sabrina at the motel? What about the third man? Derek didn’t hide his frustration as he went to ask the two men more questions.
Tim was whistling, shifting his rifle back and forth from one man to the other, from head, to groin, to knees. Derek remembered how focused the man had been in his Ranger days, a sharpshooter with the patience of Job. On the job. Off the job, he was a total clown, and Derek thought Tim was having far too much fun.
“How did you follow the car from the motel?” Derek asked. “There’s not much traffic on the road. You’d have been obvious.” Of course, he had no clue whether Sabrina would have paid attention to a possible tail, but the men didn’t need to know that.
The men exchanged an almost guilty glance before George, their apparent spokesman, said, “We had a tracker. When the car stopped, we took what we were sent for, gave it to our contact.”
Derek looked to Tim. “No tracker, D-Man.”
“We’re not stupid.” George lifted his chin. “We took it off. Gave it to our contact with everything else.”
While Derek might have debated the first part of George’s answer, they did show a semblance of smarts by removing the tracking unit. “And why did you take some of the clothing from the suitcase, and not all of it?”
“I’ll answer the rest of your questions, but first you let me take a piss,” George said.
“First you answer the question, then I’ll let you take a piss. Or you can do it right where you are. This was a barn after all.”
“Okay, okay.” George fidgeted. “Clothing wasn’t part of our assignment, so we tossed enough to make room in the suitcase for what was in the boxes.”
Derek had believed the men when they said they’d been given a job by an unknown. Which sent shards of ice down his spine, because that spoke of someone higher up who did know how to run an op.
“Vlad, you’ve been quiet. Can you add anything to George’s story? I’m sure his bladder will thank you.”
Vlad squirmed as if he also was motivated to cooperate. “He speaks true. We are told to find car. Nothing about harming the driver, but she is gone. Get stuff. Hand it over. Then leave.”
“But you didn’t leave,” Derek said. “You went back to the car. Why?”
George studied the floor between his feet. “I dropped something.”
“And what was it you dropped?” Derek asked.
“A paper. With instructions about the job.”
“I told him,” Vlad said. “Don’t write it down, but his brain is too small to remember these things.” Vlad shot daggers at George. “And now we sit here tied like big chickens.”
“Trussed like turkeys,” Derek muttered. “Do you have this paper?”
“I made him eat it,” Vlad said. “Next time, he will not be so stupid.”
Tim had a coughing fit.
“All right, for now,” Derek said. He needed to get with Adam and see what else they could uncover.
“Tim, take them outside, one at a time, and let them relieve themselves. Then bring them back until we decide what to do with them.”
Tim gave another exaggerated giggle. “Then can I shoot them?”
“No, Tim, you can’t shoot them. Not yet.”
Tim stomped his foot like a three-year-old working up to a tantrum. “You’re no fun, D-Man.”
Derek left Tim to his task. He’d call his sister, have her send a deputy to take George and Vlad in for vandalizing and stealing from Sabrina’s car. He’d leave the bigger fish to Adam and Blackthorne. Their prisoners might not know it, but he was doing them a favor. In his experience, people who screwed up on assignments of this nature didn’t live too long.
And sometimes people did everything right and they still died.

Chapter 9


Sabrina itched to get upstairs, to the kitchen, but Adam had made it clear that wasn’t going to happen until they had more information and had heard from Derek.
“So, what information can I possibly give you?” she asked. “Shouldn’t your people be doing this? If they know who was at the funeral, they could send pictures for me to look at. I mean, I know they’re not out there on Facebook or anything, but if you’ve trusted me this far, how would it hurt? Do I have to swear an oath I won’t reveal what you show me? I thought I’d already agreed to that.”
Adam moved to the computer and while he was busy doing whatever he did, Sabrina studied the security screens. One camera covered the entrance to the ranch road, and she made out the images of distant vehicles as they drove past. Pickup trucks and semis, mostly. Another targeted an area from the house along the drive, and she saw Merry’s car, still mired in the mud. She squinted at the fuzzy image, making out another car farther back, at the opposite edge of the drive, facing away from the house. A few cows munched on grass nearby, and a few others seemed to be regarding the car with curious eyes.
The rest of the screens showed images looking outward from other vantage points around the ranch house. She studied them, getting a feel for the ranch. A barn, a couple of smaller buildings, a corral with horses, and pastureland. Cows. More cows.
Nothing indicated there were security cameras inside the house. If she was going to be staying here, she felt easier knowing she wasn’t going to be caught on video getting ready for bed.
“There were six people from Blackthorne at the funeral.” Adam motioned her to the desk. “Did you have contact with any of them? Could they have put the letter in your coat?” A picture appeared on the computer monitor.
Sabrina leaned in and studied the face, tried to imagine the nondescript man in the polo wearing a dark business suit. “I don’t remember seeing him. He’s kind of … ordinary looking, though.”
Adam chuckled. “That’s the idea in our business.”
And yet she’d recognize Adam anywhere. And Derek, too. But then, she didn’t know what either of these men did, so maybe being able to blend into the background wasn’t important for whatever their jobs were.
“How about this one?” Adam clicked again.
She stared at the screen. Memories returned in a flood. “Wait. I don’t know why I forgot to mention it. I did have contact with a man at your company. He helped with the funeral arrangements. Mike. Mike Hamilton. We spoke briefly at the church, and again at the reception. He helped me off with my coat. How could I have forgotten? That’s him. That’s Mike Hamilton.”
“Happens. The memory can be selective, especially under trying circumstances.”
The door opened and Derek entered the room. “What do we have?”
“What appears to be a minor snafu,” Adam said.
Hearing minor and snafu in the same sentence kicked Sabrina’s heart rate up a few notches. Could a snafu be minor? Wasn’t that an oxymoron? Like being slightly pregnant? “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Derek sat in the recliner Adam had been using, his cowboy hat upside down in his lap. “I’d like to be brought up to speed as well.”
Adam tunneled his fingers through his hair, then patted it into place. “Fair enough. When all this began, we didn’t have enough intel on the circumstances of John’s death. Since he wasn’t working on anything official, nobody noticed he hadn’t checked in. His body wasn’t identified or connected to Blackthorne for several days.”
“I thought your kind of people always knew where everyone was.” Sabrina sat in the other recliner. Derek seemed to share her frustrations, and that helped center her.
“John was a good operative,” Derek said. “At least when I knew him and worked with him.”
“But recently, he’d been going off on his own,” Adam said. “His call sign” —he looked at Sabrina— “nickname at work was Lone Wolf. Yes, we should have known where he was. And the fact we didn’t slowed things down. But we’re going to fix it.”
“Lone Wolf.” She sighed. “When I knew him, he was always part of the pack, but I never knew what was going on in his head. He didn’t share the private stuff, so I guess the nickname fits.”
“Hang on,” Derek said to Adam. “You told me he’d been following a lead. And you managed to connect him to this mysterious source. So he had to have told someone. If there was a screwup, admit it.”
At the venom in Derek’s tone, Sabrina shrank into her chair, wishing for an invisibility spell. If you botched a recipe, the results were obvious, and there was no pretending it hadn’t happened. Plus, you could usually tell why you’d failed. What was Adam covering up? Had John’s death been Blackthorne’s fault?
“I want specifics,” Derek said. “John might be Lone Wolf, but the man I knew would never have gone completely off the grid.”
Sabrina tried not to look at either man. Yes, she wanted to know. Yes, John was her brother. But whatever history Derek and Adam had, it included conflict.
“This is what we pieced together,” Adam said. “John sent an email to Blackthorne. All it said was he was following a lead and he’d check in with more.”
“Address of this meet?” Derek might have voiced it as a question, but his tone was demanding.
“It was a park. A homeless hangout.” Adam lowered his head, swiped his hands across his face. “And, we fucked … excuse me, Sabrina … messed up. The email was from a burn phone. It didn’t register as coming from John, and his controller was busy juggling intel from two other high-priority ops. The guy is new, but I’m not making excuses for him. And yes, asses were chewed.”
“Go on,” Derek said.
“When the cops found John, they assumed he was a homeless guy, no ID, hit by a car. DRT.”
Derek turned his head in Sabrina’s direction, but didn’t make eye contact. “Dead Right There.”
Sabrina nodded, unable to speak past the constriction in her throat.
“He was taken to the morgue, put into the queue at the Medical Examiner’s Office, and it wasn’t until his car was found that the connection was made,” Adam said. “Our people are on top of things now.”
Sabrina detected a rumbling sound somewhere between a growl and a groan from Derek.
Adam rolled his shoulders. “Let’s go over things on your side. Based on your brother’s letter, you set out to find Derek Cooper. People don’t pick up and leave without making arrangements. Bills, jobs, pets, plants.”
Sabrina heaved a sigh. “Right. Renae, my partner is covering my cooking classes. I told her I had a family emergency, and I’d check in when I could. Merry, my neighbor, has a key to my apartment. She’ll get my mail.”
“Does she know how to get in touch with you?” Derek asked.
“I gave her my new cell phone number. I gave it to Renae, too. Otherwise, nobody knows.”
“Email?” Adam asked.
“Automatic vacation reply,” she said. “I thought I’d check it once I knew what was going on.”
“Who would have known you’d swapped cars with your neighbor?” Derek said.
“I didn’t tell anyone but Merry.”
But she hadn’t told Merry not to tell anyone. What if Adam had been wrong, and Merry was in danger?



Derek watched alarm spread across Sabrina’s face. “If Adam said Merry wasn’t in danger, I’m sure she’s safe.”
“But how else would someone have found me?” she asked.
“It’s extremely doubtful anyone connected to John’s investigation would approach Merry. She’d be reluctant to divulge that information to a total stranger, wouldn’t she?” Derek said. “You might not have told her what was wrong, but she had to have a clue based on your car being vandalized and then you leaving so abruptly.”
Adam raised a hand and picked up his cell phone.
“Can’t people tell where you are if you use a cell phone?” Sabrina asked.
“Never mind.” Adam set down the phone and worked the computer. “I’ll get a sitrep from Blackthorne. See if there’s anything new.”
“Situation report,” Derek said to Sabrina. “Back to phones and emails. How are you checking in?”
Sabrina’s eyebrows lifted. “I haven’t yet. I have my laptop. I thought I’d connect to Wi-Fi at some point and get my messages.”
“I’ll give you a secure login to use to access your email,” Adam said.
That seemed to worry Sabrina even more.
“What if I said I’ll take my chances, go home to Albuquerque, and you can pretend we never met?”
Derek considered it, but only for a split second. “Nope. Not until we’ve assessed the threat level.”
“Threat level?” Her voice squeaked.
Adam pushed away from the computer. “Don’t let this guy’s love of fancy language scare you. Right now, the threat level, as he put it, is minimal. However, it would be better if you’d plan on staying here for at least a couple of days, so we can make sure.”
Derek caught a flash of motion from the bank of monitors. He stepped closer, saw the Sheriff’s Department SUV headed along the drive. It slowed as it passed Vlad and George’s car, then again at Sabrina’s, but Derek had stressed that all he wanted was the two men taken into custody. He set off to meet the deputy, letting Sabrina know this might be a good time to deal with lunch.
The relief on her face made him long to grab her in a tight embrace, to absorb all her fear, to keep her safe.
Telling himself keeping people safe was what he always wanted, why he’d joined the army and then Blackthorne, Derek followed her upstairs to the kitchen. Damn, she had a cute little ass.
“Lunch in an hour?” he asked.
“Sure.” She was already at the fridge, pulling out the foil-topped tray. “What about sides? Drinks? Dessert?”
“Coffee and lemonade are the usual,” Derek said. “The burritos will be plenty. They have to get to work afterward. Call Adam if you need him.”
“He can cook?” Sabrina asked, although her tone said she damn well knew Derek hadn’t been referring to needing help in the kitchen.
He left her to what she obviously loved doing. Adam could gather all the intel Blackthorne had dug up, and when George and Vlad were gone, Tim could hang in the kitchen to keep an eye on Sabrina.
Derek met Deputy Padilla as he parked by the front porch, glad to see his sister had listened to his suggestion to send an officer who wasn’t a stickler for every rule in the book. Padilla was a decent cop. He’d been around long enough to know things weren’t always black or white, and Derek needed him in the gray zone for this one. The deputy was also well on his way to retirement, and liked keeping things short and sweet.
The deputy unfolded his tall, lanky frame from his SUV. Derek extended a hand. “Thanks for coming. I’ve got two miscreants who came in and damaged a guest’s car.”
“I’m guessing the guest’s car is the one with the broken window and smoky interior.” Padilla grinned, adding a fresh crop of creases to his wizened face.
“The two sleazebags belong to the car closer to the road.” Derek had decided not to mention it was stolen. The deputies would figure that out, and charge the guys on the added count. It would keep them out of commission a little longer.
Derek walked Padilla toward the vehicle barn. “They’ll give you a song and dance about how they were acting under orders, but come on? Who would order a couple of goons to screw with a car on private property?”
“Yeah, it’s always somebody else’s fault,” Padilla said. “I’ll get them out of your hair.”
“Much appreciated.” Tim had re-tied both men after their “bathroom” breaks. Derek opened the stall door. “The bald one says his name is George. The other guy is Vlad. They’re all yours.”
“I’ll send a tow truck for their vehicle,” Padilla said. “You’ll need to file a report.”
“I did that over the phone with my sister,” Derek said. “If you need more, call.”
Once Padilla had his two new buddies properly restrained and loaded into the back of his SUV, Derek sent Tim to the kitchen. “I want to touch base with Frank, see how he read the scene. See if we can get a handle on the third man. You can keep Sabrina company until lunch.”
Tim’s eyes brightened and a genuine smile replaced the half-witted, slack-mouthed one he’d been using for Vlad and George’s benefit. “No problem. But you sure you don’t want me on ranch duty?”
Derek pulled out his cell and called Frank, who reported they were about done moving the herd into the dryer pasture. He told Frank to get to the main house as soon as he could. “Lunch in about forty-five minutes, but if Bryce and the temps can manage, I’d like you here ASAP.”
“Give me ten, and I’ll be on my way,” Frank said.
“All’s under control. Go,” Derek told Tim, who took off for the house at a trot.
Derek stood in the drive, watching as Padilla’s SUV headed toward the road. He’d have to volunteer to ride herd on another of his sister’s delinquents before she’d give him any information about what the deputies found out about George and Vlad. Not that they were her delinquents, but her heart turned to mush when she saw juvies picked up for petty crimes.
“Catch ’em and turn ’em around before they escalate to the big stuff,” was her motto. “A little hard work in the fresh air beats the system.”
And, sucker for her big brown eyes that he was, Derek always agreed.
He strolled to the house, lingering in the mud room long enough to enjoy the spicy aroma of Sabrina’s burritos. Bella had made them often enough, but they’d never smelled this good. Or was he imagining it because Sabrina seemed to care about what she created? Certainly he knew better than to prefer Sabrina’s cooking because he preferred looking at her. Bella was not much taller than Sabrina, but any similarities ended there. Twice as wide, a perpetual scowl on her face, and heaven help anyone who entered her domain without invitation. Derek couldn’t remember ever being asked to sample anything she cooked.
Pushing those thoughts aside, he strode into the kitchen. “Where’s Tim?”
“Bathroom,” Sabrina said.
“Everything under control?”
“Aside from having to work with your pantry, yes. I need to go shopping.” She pointed to a pad of paper where she’d filled the first page—at least—with a list of items.
“We’ll discuss that later. I’ll be in my office. The upstairs one.”
She shook her head and frowned as she poured the contents of several jars into a pot on the stove. “I definitely have to go shopping.”
As Derek walked into his office, Adam burst from the passageway, worry lines etched around his eyes. He seemed ten years older. If his hair wasn’t already silver, Derek thought it might have turned that color in the short time he’d been gone.
Adam gripped the edge of the desk. “Houston, we have a problem.”

Chapter 10


After enjoying watching his rear view as Derek passed through the kitchen, Sabrina tasted the jarred chile sauce. You’d think if someone was going to use ready-made, they’d at least try for something better than generic. She hunted through the spice cabinet and found oregano. Adding a pinch, stirring and tasting, she adjusted the seasoning until it came closer to what it should taste like. Cumin would help, but the closest she found was curry powder or chili powder. She added cumin to her list.
A thought washed over her. What if all these lower-end ingredients were because there wasn’t enough money to cover the good stuff? Here Derek was, going out of his way to help her. There was no reason she should add a financial burden on top of everything else. She’d have to ask him what a shopping budget would be. She scanned her list, starring the essentials.
A few minutes later, Tim returned to the kitchen, freshly scrubbed. He stood near the edge of the table, hands on the back of a chair, as if he wasn’t sure what to do.
“Do you need something?” she asked.
“Nope. I finished my chores and the boss said I could hang here until lunchtime.”
She tilted her head. “You’re a lousy liar, you know that? You’re here because Derek is busy and can’t babysit me, so he assigned you to the job.”
Tim hung his head. “He didn’t put it that way.”
“But that’s why you’re here. I know about the two guys in the barn, and I saw a deputy take them away, so you don’t have to pretend everything’s peachy. They’re the ones who messed up my car, right?”
“Yep.” Tim opened the fridge and took out a can of soda. He cracked the top and chugged.
She found green onions, chopped them, and put them in a bowl. An unopened carton of sour cream hadn’t hit its expiration date, so she put that in another bowl. The leftover shredded cheese went into a third.
“All that’s for lunch? Today?” Tim said.
“All that?” Sabrina flapped a hand. “It’s just burritos and toppings.”
“Dang it, I hope you’re around awhile longer. Bella made us sandwiches. At least she made more than peanut butter and jelly, which seems to be about all D-Man can handle.”
Sabrina wasn’t sure if she was supposed to tell him why she was staying. True, he’d seen her car burn, and he’d been in the barn with the two bad guys, but she decided it was Derek’s job.
“We’ll see,” was her noncommittal answer. She set the condiment bowls on the counter. “Can I ask you a question?”
“Sure. As long as I don’t have to answer if it’s one of those TMI things. Or if it’ll get me in trouble.”
Sabrina’s bubble of laughter surprised her. “You were in the Rangers with Derek, right?”
Tim straightened, as if the mere mention of the army had him acting more like a soldier and less like a cowboy. “Yes, ma’am. For two tours.”
“Did you know my brother?”
“John Barton, right? Sorry to hear he died. I knew him. Not a long time, but you get close to people real quick when the bullets are flying, you know?”
She didn’t, nor did she want to, but she nodded in understanding. “What about the work he did after he left the army? Were you involved in that?”
“No, ma’am. I got out of the military about three years ago. D-Man offered me this job, and I enjoy it. Born and raised in Oklahoma City, but I’d ridden a horse or two growing up.”
“D-Man. Was that Derek’s nickname in the Rangers?”
“Nah. That’s what we call him here. His Ranger call sign was Daredevil. Always taking risks, never saying it couldn’t be done.”
Trying not to smile at the thought of the polite Derek living up to his nickname, she filed the reference away. “What about yours? What did they call you?”
He ducked his head, ran his fingers along the brim of his cowboy hat. “Spidey, ma’am.”
“Because you had heightened senses?” she asked. “You could tell when the enemy was coming?”
“No, because he freaks at the sight of them.”
Sabrina spun at Frank’s voice. Tim threw his hat across the room. Frank dodged, snagging it with his fingers.
“It’s the truth … Spidey.” Frank sailed the hat back in Tim’s direction. “This guy doesn’t flinch at snakes or lizards or a barrage from an AK-47, but one little spider and he practically wets himself.”
“Hey, let’s not go sharing too many secrets,” Tim said. “You might not like what I could tell Sabrina about you.”
Frank, not too subtly, flipped Tim off, followed by an apology to Sabrina. As if she hadn’t used the gesture herself. Before things went further, Derek entered the kitchen, his tight-lipped expression immediately dampening the mood.
“My office. Now,” Derek said. “All of you. Sabrina, it’ll be a working lunch. Can you handle it?”
The sharpness in Derek’s tone sent a shiver down her spine. She wanted to ask what had happened, but she didn’t dare. Instead, she pasted a smile on her face. “Sure. For everyone or just the four of you?”
“Can you wrap two to go?” he asked. “I’ve got a couple extra hired hands today, but they’ll be heading home right after lunch. It’ll be six eating here. You’re included.”
She nodded, found the foil, and tore off two sheets large enough to wrap the burritos. “Will they come here to get them?”
“Huh?” Derek seemed to come back from somewhere far away. “I’ll take care of it.”
She determined the burritos were hot enough, removed the pan from the oven, and wrapped two of them in the foil. “A bag?”
Derek shuffled to the pantry and returned with two brown paper lunch bags. Sabrina dropped a burrito into each one. Derek seemed in that faraway place again, the muscles in his jaw clenching.
“I can run these out, D-Man.” Tim took the bags and left through the mudroom. Judging from their expressions, neither he nor Frank had any idea what had upset Derek.
“I’ll take all this to your office,” Sabrina said. “Unless it would be more comfortable for everyone to eat in the dining room.” She assumed whatever Derek wanted to say could be said in either place, but he was the boss.
He blinked, seemed to see her. “You’re right. Dining room is fine.”
What was going on?



A hand resting on Derek’s shoulder snapped him out of his hellhole and into today’s reality. He jerked away from the contact, met Frank’s concerned stare.
“Hey, D-Man. You all right?” Frank asked.
Derek ignored the trickle of sweat rippling down his spine, the blood pounding in his ears, the taste of desert in his mouth. “I’m fine. Help Sabrina set up lunch, would you?”
With a parting look of concern, Frank backed off, heading for the silverware drawer. Sabrina had a large tray on the counter, and she and Frank assembled the plates, glasses, and other dining accoutrements, all the while acting as though Derek wasn’t the elephant in the room.
He pivoted and marched to the office to find Adam, wishfully thinking he’d find the man saying it had all been a mistake, that Blackthorne had sent the wrong intel, that there was no danger. Yeah, right.
Adam’s curses as he worked the computer confirmed Derek’s fears. This threat was real, it was happening now, and it had to be stopped.
“We’re having lunch in the dining room,” Derek said. “Might as well let everyone eat before we ruin their appetites.”
“We have time?” Adam asked.
Derek snorted. “These guys will have lunch scarfed down in under ten minutes. Can we spare that?”
“Yeah. Nothing much we can do until I get the next update.”
Derek headed for the door, then turned. “Frank might be able to give us a lead on the third man. If we find him, we’ll be able to plan accordingly.”
“Agreed. We going to work up here or down there?” Adam asked.
Derek had already considered that choice. The computers were linked, but the surveillance monitors were in the hideaway. “The guys don’t know about downstairs. Never had a reason to use it for anything they were involved in. But it’s a good time to bring them in. Can’t see how keeping it a secret will matter. I trust them.”
“Will they be willing to cross over to the dark side of covert ops?” Adam asked.
“I’ll give them the choice. I know they’ll keep their mouths shut whether or not they’ll agree to be a part of this.”
A chime signaled an incoming message and Adam returned to the computer.
“Can you join us for lunch, or should I fix you a plate?” Derek asked.
“I’ll eat with you. Might as well start the briefing over the burritos.”
And with that, Derek slipped into operative mode, as smoothly as a dive into the creek after working cattle on a hot summer day. Into the life he thought he’d left behind.
He told Adam to go to lunch, found a cable and connected his phone to the computer to transfer the pictures Frank had taken. Once that was done, he disconnected his phone, clipped it to his belt, and thought about the order of command. His ranch, his men, but he wasn’t Blackthorne. Adam was. And, Derek reminded himself, Adam was far from the arrogant, green FNG he’d once been. If he was still with Blackthorne, he must have the skills.
Derek stiffened his shoulders and headed for the dining room. Sabrina was dishing out burritos and passing plates around the table. He paused at the sight of his cowboys, all bare-headed. Derek’s mother had started the no boots in the house rule long before Derek was born, but she’d never enforced hats on or off inside or at the table. Apparently Sabrina thought otherwise. Derek removed his Stetson and set it, crown down, on the sideboard. He took his usual spot at the head of the table, noting Adam had chosen the one to his right. 
Sabrina filled the last plate and sent it Derek’s way, then started the bowls of extras around the table. Derek waited until everyone’s plate was heaped with the savory burritos before clearing his throat. These men had plenty of experience handling Ranger missions without letting them interfere with their appetites.
“Cattle work done for the day?” he began. After all, this was a working ranch, and his profit margin was so thin you could see through it. He couldn’t afford to lose a day’s work.
“Yep,” Bryce said. “North pasture’s lookin’ good. Should be plenty of grass, don’t think we’ll need to supplement for a bit.”
“Except for the sage,” Frank said. “Aggravates my allergies.” He reached into a pocket for a pill and swallowed it with a drink of lemonade.
“Not much we can do about that.” Derek sampled a bite of his meal and knew his expression matched the satisfied ones of all the men. Sabrina hadn’t touched her lunch yet. She was watching as each cowboy tasted her food. When they smiled and enthusiastically dug in for more, she gave a tight nod and began eating.
“Adam’s been in touch with Blackthorne.” Derek recapped what had brought Sabrina here, and what her brother had been doing before his death. He glanced her way, his heart thumping a little faster when he caught her gaze. She’d stopped eating, and was watching him, studying him, waiting for answers. He paused, in case Adam wanted to step in, be the bearer of bad news. No such luck.
“According to Blackthorne intel, John had a lead on what could be classified as biological warfare.”
Forks clattered against plates. No more chewing. All eyes were on him.
“Keep eating,” Derek said. “Take advantage of our cook’s expertise in the kitchen.” As expected, his men went back to their meals. If the world was going to end for any of them, they’d go out with full bellies. Eyes shifted to Sabrina, and heads nodded. Murmurs of “thanks” and “this is good” rippled across the table.
Sabrina’s cheeks pinked, but she waved them off. “I’m glad you like it, but I want to hear more from Derek. Do these people think I know something about biological warfare? And what does that mean, anyway? Are planes going to fly over dropping clouds of germs? Is someone poisoning crops? Or …” She glanced around the table. “Or your cows? Could people die from eating your meat?”
All eyes snapped his way. He stalled, taking another bite of burrito—damn, they were good—and organized his thoughts as he chewed. Swallowed. Wiped his mouth with his napkin. Cloth, not paper, he noted absently.
“We don’t know a lot yet.” He read a combination of trust and fear in Sabrina’s eyes. “It could be someone blowing smoke, trying to scare people to call attention to himself. Or his cause.”
“So there might not be any danger?” Sabrina said.
“We prefer to be proactive,” Adam said. “Hope for the best, but assume the worst. We’d rather be laughed at for overreacting than be playing catch up after the damage is done.”
“Do we know who this someone is?” Bryce asked. “What’s his cause?”
“And why out here? We’re not a population center,” Frank said. “Wouldn’t it make more sense to hit the major metropolitan areas?”
“Let’s not jump to conclusions. Here’s what we have.” Adam set down his fork and swiped his napkin across his mouth.
Frank’s and Tim’s eyes shifted to Derek, as if to ask whether it was all right to turn the floor over to the newcomer. Derek blinked and gave the tiniest bob of his head.
Adam pushed his plate away. “The latest Blackthorne intel says the guy John was meeting used to belong to a vocal fringe group that wanted to abolish all vaccinations, saying they were the work of the Devil and went against the natural order. He’d left the group but was still tuned into their propaganda.”
“How are they different from all the other anti-vaxxers?” Frank asked. “There are plenty of those around. Not that I agree.”
“Yeah. Not to downplay kids getting sick, but measles aren’t considered deadly, are they?” Bryce said. “Mumps can have nasty side-effects, but they don’t kill you.”
Adam spoke up. “Measles is still a serious disease for young children. The death rate is about ten percent, so it’s far from trivial. Because of the vaccine, there haven’t been nearly as many cases as there were fifty years ago, so people have forgotten the risks.”
Now that things had opened into discussion territory, Derek felt more comfortable about chiming in. “Part of the problem is that these diseases are starting to make a comeback, and as more and more people skip the vaccines, they’ll continue to spread. And yes, as Adam pointed out, they can kill you.”
“But why kill John? Or his source?” Frank asked. “If this group is against vaccinations, they, as individuals, have the right to refuse them. Smarter people will make sure their kids are protected.”
“Good points,” Derek said. “The snag is, scuttlebutt says this group is going to distribute contaminated vaccines, so those who get them will be infected with something much more virulent, and the anti-vaxxers will claim their point has been made.”
Sabrina’s eyes popped open. “More virulent? As in nasty side effects? There are always dangers of side effects with any vaccine. You think they’re trying to scare people away from having their kids vaccinated by having them get sick? And would they still be immune?”
“That’s what we’re trying to find out,” Adam said. “First, whether it’s a smoke-blowing campaign, second, real or not, what the claimed threat is, and third, how to stop it.”
“Priority going to numbers two and three,” Derek said.
“And we’re involved because—?” Bryce asked. “Seems to me all you have is someone trying to blow the whistle on a group that may or may not have any credibility.”
“They killed my brother,” Sabrina said softly. “And came after me.”
Chapter 11


Sabrina squirmed as all eyes shifted toward her. She pushed her chair away from the table and began clearing plates.
“Those can wait,” Derek said. “Since you are involved in this, I’d prefer not to have to repeat everything. You need to be up to speed on what we’re discussing.”
“It’ll only take a minute,” she said.
“I’ll take full responsibility for the dishes,” Derek said. “We need to take this elsewhere, to a better work environment. Feel free to grab coffee refills, use the john. We’ll assemble in my office.”
Sabrina gave herself a mental back-pat when everyone grabbed his plate on the way to the kitchen. She took the empty food platters and followed. The cowboys put their own dishes in the dishwasher before filling coffee mugs.
“Thanks, guys, but didn’t Derek say to get to the meeting?”
“He didn’t say Stat,” Tim said.
“Which means we have a couple of minutes. Although, I think we should have left the dishes. How often does D-Man say he’ll take care of them?” Frank added.
The electrical current flowing through Sabrina’s veins made it clear she didn’t need more coffee. Instead, she plucked a bottle of water from the pantry and followed the men to the office.
Derek stood beside the bookcase, one hand resting on the set of books that opened the door. None of the men seemed to be paying attention. Did they not know what that meant? When Derek tipped the books down and the bookcase popped away from the wall, the dropped jaws, rounded eyes, and ripples of curse words answered her.
“Adam, lead the way,” Derek said. “Gentlemen, the first rule about my hideaway is you don’t talk about my hideaway. Understood?”
Clearly, Derek trusted his men or he’d never have shown his secret passage to them without extracting their promises of silence first. Adam disappeared down the passage, followed by the cowboys. One hummed the Mission Impossible theme song as they trooped downstairs.
When the four cowboys had descended, Derek flashed her a quick smile. “After you.”
As she moved toward the entrance, his hand touched the small of her back. Instantly calmer, she welcomed his touch and returned his smile. “You don’t think this is at all out of the ordinary, do you? The other guys seemed almost excited.”
“It’s like riding a bike.” His smile disappeared. “Not that I like what brought things to this point, but yeah, it feels familiar.”
Something in his eyes, caught by the light right before she stepped onto the tiny, dimly-lit landing, said he wasn’t happy about that familiarity. She wasn’t happy about any of this either, so they had that much in common.
She caught up with the cowboys as they entered Derek’s hideaway. Bryce stood in the center of the room, while Frank and Tim moved around, examining the whiteboard and security monitors. She noted their surprised expressions, feeling smug she’d known about this before they had.
The smugness was replaced by dread as Derek shut the door behind him. She unscrewed the cap from her bottle of water and took a long drink to ease the sudden dryness in her mouth. 
Derek went to his desk. “Before we start, I want you to know this is strictly a voluntary operation.”
“Lay out the problem,” Frank said.
Derek woke up his computer and opened the image files. “I’ve uploaded the pictures Frank took earlier. He’s our best tracker, but I want everyone to see these, see if you can spot anything that will give us a lead on our mystery man.”
The men crowded around the monitor. “What? No projection system? No five-foot wide plasma screen descending from the ceiling?” Tim said. “We have to look at this little screen? It’s what? Twenty, twenty-two inches? How … quaint.”
Sabrina understood Tim’s comments for what they were. A way to lighten the mood, escape the gravity of the situation.
Derek relinquished his seat to Frank, who clicked through the images.
“Slow down, Sherlock,” Bryce said. “You’re not that good.”
“Nope. Want to see what we’ve got,” Frank said. He reached the end of the photos, then positioned three of them side by side on the screen. “The good news is, the mud gave us decent tracks. The not-as-good news is our clowns were tromping all over the place destroying footprints as fast as they made them. But, since we caught the guys, we know the footprints around the car belonged to them.
“Near as I can recreate the events, the bad guys got here, stopped behind Sabrina’s car, and did their initial dirty work. My best guess is they took what they were supposed to take, put it in their car, then drove closer to the highway to wait for their contact. I matched some tire tracks behind Sabrina’s car to those of their vehicle.”
“So their contact didn’t come with them initially?” Adam asked.
“Doesn’t look that way,” Frank said.
“Were there any tire tracks from the other guy? Their contact?” Sabrina asked.
“I think so.” Frank’s first two fingers bounced on the mouse. “Again, it’s speculation, but I think our mystery man met them at their car, made the exchange, and boogied on out. You can see this second set of tire tracks overlaying ones from the known vehicle.”
Sabrina moved closer, and the men eased aside to make room so she had a better view of the screen. To her, it looked like a jumble of tracks, but she acknowledged Frank knew what he was talking about, since no one questioned him.
“We caught the two clowns because they made the mistake of coming back.” Frank gazed up from the monitor, caught Tim’s eye. “Did you ever find out why they did? They could have gotten away easily enough.”
Tim rolled his eyes. “If you can believe it, one said he left the note he’d written the instructions on in her car, so they came back for it. Then again, after spending some not-so-quality time with them waiting for the cops, I guess I can believe it.”
“Good thing crooks are stupid,” Frank muttered.
“So what happens now?” Sabrina asked.
Frank clicked through more images, stopping on one of the tire tracks. “I’m assuming these belong to the mystery car.” He put several more pictures on the screen, pointing to each in turn. “The car drives in, hangs a U-turn, and stops next to the clowns’ car, then drives away.”
Derek leaned in. “Which would have been where our two handed off what they took from Sabrina’s car. Did you see any other footprints?”
“Negative. Nothing to indicate he ever got out of his car,” Frank said.
“Anything distinctive in the tread marks?” Tim asked. “A way to match them to the car should we manage to find it?”
“A good possibility,” Frank said. “These aren’t new tires, and the wear pattern will be distinctive. All we have now is an exemplar.”
Derek sidled closer to Sabrina, put a hand on her shoulder, his mouth close to her ear. “That means there’s no magic system that can match a tire to a specific car, but if we get the car, we can match this evidence and be fairly confident we can say that car was on our property today.”
“Okay.” Sabrina fought the urge to tilt her head enough so Derek’s lips would be on her mouth, not her ear. The room was overflowing with testosterone, but it was Derek who made her feel safe. Or safer, anyway.
“Shoot them all to Blackthorne,” Adam said. “Even though they’re cell phone pictures, they should be able to work their voodoo.”
“Why not send them to the local police?” Sabrina asked. “They’re closer, and don’t they have crime labs?”
Derek shook his head. “Given very little was taken and no blood was shed, the pictures would sit in line for who knows how long. I didn’t mention it might be related to something bigger.”
“But why not?” Sabrina wandered closer to the security camera monitors. Everything looked peaceful. If she hadn’t seen the damage to the interior of her car, she’d never have guessed it wasn’t simply stuck in the mud awaiting a tow. “Seems you’d want all the help you can get.”
“Not if it’s going to send the country into a panic.” Adam almost shoved Frank away from the computer, setting his cell phone on the desk. “Incoming from Blackthorne.”



Derek stood behind Adam, trying to read over the man’s shoulder. But since there was no way everyone could see the screen well enough to read what Blackthorne had sent, he crossed to where Sabrina stood and waited for Adam to relay the information. Everyone else was focused on Adam, so Derek inched closer to Sabrina and squeezed her hand.
She’s scared, you’re reassuring her. It’s what you do. Nothing personal.
The hell it wasn’t. From the first time he’d seen her, dripping wet, holding that lug wrench like she’d smack him with it if he was a threat, there’d been something special about her. She didn’t look up, but her return squeeze warmed an area around his heart that had been cold for a long, long time.
“First,” Adam said. “I checked with Mike Hamilton. He’s on the public side, not security, and it’s logical he’d have fielded Sabrina’s inquiries. He said no one from Blackthorne put John’s letter in Sabrina’s coat at the funeral.”
“So if it wasn’t a Blackthorne man, it had to be one of the Rangers,” Tim said.
“Which makes more sense, since the letter was written at that time.” Bryce flipped his ponytail from his back to his chest, and fingered the rubber bands like he was playing a bass.
“Whoever found it was probably cleaning out his basement,” Frank said. “I’d hate to tell you how many boxes of crap I have in mine, things I haven’t looked at in years.”
“So, for now, that’s a dead end,” Derek said. “What else do you have?”
“Is it important that we know?” Sabrina asked. “John’s letter said his Sarge wanted his men to write these letters. Did any of you go on missions with John? Do you know who Sarge is? Maybe he’s the one who cleaned out his basement. Maybe he was at the funeral. Maybe he heard John was dead, got nostalgic, and found the letter.”
“Whoa,” Derek said. “One question at a time.”
“Sorry. Bad habit of mine. My brain gets whirling, and everything comes pouring out my mouth all at once.” Sabrina ducked her head, and Derek enjoyed the way her ears turned pink. A nice complement to her purple-tipped hair.
“I can follow her,” Frank said. “I’m inclined to think the letter has nothing to do with whatever this biological threat might be.”
From where Derek stood, he couldn’t see the screen, but he was content to remain where he was, inhaling the faint citrus aroma wafting from Sabrina’s hair.
Adam had one hand on the mouse, both eyes on the screen. “Zeke at Blackthorne says there’s a possible lead on our third man.”
Everyone but Derek crowded closer. “Who?” Tim asked. “Any connections to John? Or the anti-vax group John’s source mentioned?”
“Slow down,” Frank said. “You’re starting to sound like Sabrina.” He glanced her way. “No offense, of course.”
“None taken. I’d have asked, but Tim beat me to it.”
“If you’ll give me a little room to work, I’ll fill everyone in,” Adam said. The men shuffled away a step or two, and Adam continued. “The lead points to a Harlan Lowrey, which is one of many aliases the man uses. If it’s the guy we think it is, we call him Ripley.”
“As in Believe it or Not? What kind of a name is that for a criminal?” Bryce tugged on his ponytail.
Adam sighed. “The obvious was Chameleon, but there are hundreds of those. Plus, law enforcement didn’t want to give him a name that sounded sinister. Didn’t want to feed his ego. Ripley is short for the scientific name for a species of chameleon. A small species of chameleon.
“However,” Adam continued, “this guy’s much higher up the evolutionary tree, and a lot higher up the food chain than George and Vlad. He’s got connections to serious creepazoid groups. He picks and chooses who he works for, but not on the basis of what they’re asking him to do. It’s not about morals or ethics. It’s about the dollar. Meet his fee and he’ll do what you want him to. And it’s not chump change. Zeke says his rate starts at half a mil.”
Derek’s jaw ached from clenching his teeth. He made a conscious effort to relax before voicing his concerns. “If these anti-vaxxers are willing to pay this man’s price, then it’s got to be something big, and organized. A fringe group doesn’t make sense. My gut says George and Vlad were expendable, and if we hadn’t caught them in the act, they’d be at the bottom of a landfill.”
Sabrina’s shudder leaped the short distance between them. He reached for her hand, dovetailing her fingers—her very cold fingers—in his.
“Do you think he’ll be coming back for me?” Sabrina’s voice, tiny as a mouse’s squeak, filled the silence of the room.
“I think they wanted to know what you had. If they think you might know something, you’re more use to them alive,” Derek said.
“But that doesn’t mean they won’t come back, does it?” she said. “And if it’s this smart guy, not the ‘stupid clowns,’ they’ll find me.”
Derek squeezed her hand again. “If he was hired to get you, he wouldn’t have stopped with what was in your car. I think they wanted what you had of John’s. If John told you something—”
“He didn’t. I keep telling everyone, we hadn’t spoken in years. And this stuff with the anti-vaxxers is new, right?”
“Right,” Adam said.
“So, I’m of absolutely no use to them. Besides, if John had told me anything about a conspiracy, I’d have gone straight to the cops. Which makes me wonder. If John did tell someone, who’s to say he didn’t leave the information with lots more people? They can’t possibly find everyone John knew and kill them, can they?”
“What we have going for us,” Adam said, “is the fact that Derek here has severed all ties with Blackthorne, and there’s no reason for anyone to think this is anything other than a cattle ranch.”
“Which is the effing truth,” Derek said. “Anyone doing a background check on me is going to see I was in the Rangers for a spell, but that most of my life has been, is, and will be tied to ranching. My great-granddaddy started this ranch, and it’s been in the family ever since.”
“They can’t find out you worked for Blackthorne?” Sabrina asked.
Adam laughed, a sharp sound crackling through the room. “They’re not going to find the real Blackthorne, only the sanitized public version.”
“Which is the computer security front, right?” Sabrina asked.
“That, and about five other innocent divisions,” Adam said. “Should anyone look, Derek Cooper was a marketing specialist who quit the rat race to manage his family ranch.”
Sabrina scraped her lower lip with her teeth. “But they must know John worked for Blackthorne. And that Derek did, too. Wouldn’t that be enough to connect them?”
“But John was doing his Lone Wolf number on this op. No ties to Blackthorne. If they did figure out that’s where he worked—and that’s a very big stretch—his personnel files would show him as a poor schmuck stuck in a cubicle staring at numbers all day,” Adam said.
“Our working theory is John’s source led the killer, or killers, to John, and they eliminated both of them, thinking that was enough,” Derek said.
“But they found out about Sabrina, followed her here, and stole her things,” Frank added.
Derek rubbed the base of Sabrina’s thumb with the tip of his. “We can’t be positive, but odds are good that was purely precautionary. Her place was searched, she ran, and they followed her.”
“But she ended up on a podunk cattle ranch,” Tim said, “so they dismissed her.”
Derek feigned irritation.
Tim grinned. “Podunk in the grander scope of the universe, of course.”
“I’ll tolerate your word choice because the people involved are likely to be thinking on a much larger scale,” Derek said.
“Can you be sure they’re not still after me?” Sabrina said. “They know where I am, don’t they?”
“Oh, they know where you are,” Adam said. “But they’re not going to get to you.”
Three cowboys snapped to attention. “Damn straight,” Tim said.
Adam clicked the mouse and a printer hummed. “For what it’s worth, let’s have a look at our current adversary.”

Chapter 12


Sabrina avoided Derek’s eyes. Something about his touch had her wanting more, but this wasn’t the time, and it certainly wasn’t the place, surrounded by all his colleagues. Yet he’d taken her hand first. And when he rubbed her thumb? She wondered if he’d been aware he’d done it.
You think he held hands with his Ranger buddies? Get real. It was no accident.
And the expression she’d seen on his face, the reluctant resignation he’d shown about coming down here, playing spy, or secret agent, or whatever it was, the contact might have been for him as much as for her. Had the touch affected him the way it had affected her? Were his guy parts tingling the way her girl parts were?
Good grief, this was not the time for anyone’s parts to tingle.
Pushing those thoughts away, she worked her hand free and waited as sheets rolled out of the printer. Adam handed them around, and she stared at the image. This was all they had to go on? Black-and-white, grainy, nowhere near in focus. What was the point of having pictures if you couldn’t recognize anyone?
She waited to see what the others had to say. Maybe being in the army—or Blackthorne—taught you how to make sense of images like this.
“Shit, this is the best you got?” Frank said.
Tim snorted. “This could be anyone from my tenth grade chemistry teacher to my Great-aunt Sally.”
“Odds are, he’ll never look like this again,” Derek said.
“So what good is it?” Sabrina couldn’t contain her frustration. “He’s wearing dark glasses, a knit cap, and has a scraggly beard.” She shot a look at Tim. “Your Great-aunt Sally?”
He shrugged. “Okay, so that was a stretch. Her beard wasn’t quite as heavy.”
She stifled a laugh. “So you have a secret code name, and a picture that doesn’t look like the person. This is supposed to be progress? Or do your voodoo people have a way of taking off his glasses and his beard?”
“As a matter of fact, they do,” Adam said, “although the accuracy would be limited. The bigger problem is the cap. We don’t have enough points for facial recognition software to give us an ID. Ears are a big help.”
“Which means we still have a picture of nobody.” She shifted her gaze toward Tim, keeping a straight face and an even tone. “Or of Tim’s Great-aunt Sally. Should you go question her?”
The chortles through the room told her she’d been accepted, at least for now. Derek’s hand squeeze added confirmation. And another tingle. More questions pelted her brain, but she picked and chose before speaking. “Do you have any confirmation this third man is your Ripley? You said nobody knows what he looks like. Can you prove it was him in the car?” A car they couldn’t yet identify.
It was like trying to cook with canned goods with the labels peeled off. Although there, at least you’d have the cans and could open them to see what was inside. This was more like trying to create a recipe based on those unlabeled cans.
“Better, Sabrina,” Adam said. “Two questions that time. The same answer for both, which is ‘no.’ But Blackthorne is pulling everything they can find about Ripley, including his last known whereabouts. Zeke and Jinx are the best intel gatherers on the planet. Whatever’s out there, they’ll find it.”
“How can you know where he is if you don’t know who he is?” Sabrina studied the security monitors, focusing on the cows. They seemed content, grounded in the moment. Standing around, chewing grass, secure in their cow world. Until they were sent off to become steaks.
She looked away. At least the cows had no knowledge of their future. Nothing to worry them. She wandered to one of the recliners and sat, sipping her water.
“It’s a matter of matching his M.O.,” Adam said. “Looking at crimes of the sort he’d commit, gathering any intel, any similarities. Crooks have their own personal comfort zones, tools they use, procedures they follow. And, every now and then, a group he’s worked for will leak information he was the perpetrator.” With that last word, he looked at Derek, who wiggled his palm back and forth in a so-so motion.
What was that all about? More secret communication?
None of the cowboys seemed to notice the Adam-Derek interchange, or if they did, they didn’t care, so she let it drop. But if she ever had a few minutes alone with Derek, she’d ask what the hand signal meant.
Why was she looking forward to a few minutes alone with Derek? She’d met him for the first time last night, and hadn’t thought about him once until this morning when he’d opened the door, stealing her tongue and a good portion of her brain.
It wasn’t even lust at first sight. Not that she hadn’t had a few entertaining thoughts about what it would be like to—
“You expecting company?” Frank pointed to the monitor displaying the drive to the ranch.
Derek spun to face the bank of images. “Crap.”
“Trouble?” Adam pushed away from the computer and stood.
“On a scale of one to ten?” Derek dragged his hands through his hair. “I’d give it an eleven.”
Sabrina was tempted to take refuge under one of the bunks in the bedroom, but since Derek hadn’t ordered anyone to hide or go for their weapons, she waited, despite the pounding of her heart. Adam seemed to be the one concerned man in the room, and she noted he’d swept aside the bottom of his blazer, revealing a gun. His hand rested on the grip. Had Derek given him a secret signal?
As an SUV pulled closer, a ripple of chuckles spread from the cowboys. “At least,” Tim said. “Or a twelve.”
“You go deal with it, D-Man,” Frank said. “I think the rest of us would prefer to stay down here. Unless you need Adam for backup.” Four pairs of eyes shooting glances in Adam’s direction told her the men had seen him reach for his weapon, too.
“I’ll go,” Derek said. “If I’m not back in ten minutes—”
“We’ll call in the cavalry,” Frank said. “Good luck.”
Derek stormed out of the room.
The cowboys burst into knee-slapping guffaws. Two of them, anyway. Bryce hung his head and fingered his ponytail, apparently ignoring the banter.
“All right, gentlemen,” Adam said. “Care to enlighten me? It’s clear Derek knows who’s coming.”
“Damn straight, he does,” Tim said. “That’s his sister. And she’ll be twisting his arm for favors, you can count on it.”



Derek barreled upstairs, having the presence of mind to close the bookcase door behind him. Although he hadn’t pointed out the release on the other side, he figured at least one of the five people down there would be able to see it if they needed to come up from under. As a secondary precaution, he shut the door to his office as well. Not that his sister was going to get this far into the house.
And so help him, if she’d brought another stray for him to rescue—this was not the right time to have innocent bystanders underfoot. Manufacturing excuses as he strode to the front door, he waited on the porch to intercept her.
She parked at the base of the porch. Derek peered into her vehicle, relieved to see it was empty. So, if she was asking for him to take in another of her potential juvies, at least she was asking, not dumping. Her long, chestnut ponytail bounced as she bounded up the steps, wearing her usual outfit of snug-fitting jeans, an embroidered western shirt, and embellished cowboy boots. She wasn’t displaying that hopeful puppy-dog, I need a favor expression, which relieved him.
“You have company, I take it,” she said, chinning toward the road where Sabrina’s car still sat.
“What do you want, Sis? I’m kind of busy.”
She eyed him, her skeptical gaze moving from his head to his feet. “Doing what? You’re not working cattle, obviously.”
“I’m doing the books. Got a problem?”
“Ah. That explains why you’re Mister Crankypants.” Her expression shifted to serious, almost sympathetic. “Is it bad?”
You don’t know the half of it.
“We’ll manage.”
“You know I’d help, but what the Sheriff’s Department pays me barely covers my own bills.”
“I’m well aware of what Dad left me with, and I told you, we’ll get by.” And they would, but right now the river of red ink on the ranch’s balance sheet was not uppermost on his mind. “You didn’t drive all the way out here to say hello, so get on with it. I repeat, I’m busy.”
“And I’m not stupid. The plate on that car is the one you called in last night. So, you have our stranded motorist? I thought you took her to the Eagle’s Roost.”
“I did, and I left her there. She showed up this morning to thank me and got stuck. We’re working out what to do next.” Not a single lie. Just a lot of gaping holes.
“Fine. Be that way. I thought you might be interested in what happened with those two yo-yos Padilla arrested. The ones who vandalized your friend’s car.”
He shrugged. “Maybe.”
She scowled. “I’m your sister. I know the stone-face you’re wearing means you’re dying of curiosity. Want to invite me in for a cup of coffee and I’ll tell you all about it?” She peeked around him, as if trying to see if anyone else was inside.
“Yes to telling me about it, but no to the coffee. It’s gone.”
Her eyebrows lifted. “The bottomless pot is empty? Fine. Then I’ll have lemonade. There’s always some of that.”
“Give me the short form, and I’ll have coffee, lemonade, or whatever you want next time.”
This time her eyes narrowed. “The stranded motorist. You want to get back to her. Workin’ fast, aren’t you, big brother?” She grinned. “You could use a little action. Being surrounded by cows and cowboys can’t be good for your … needs.”
“Jesus, Sis. We are not talking about my needs, or anyone else’s.”
“I’m not your baby sister anymore, you know. I’m all growed up and—” she lowered her voice to a conspiratorial whisper— “I’ve even had sex.”
Derek glared at her. “We are not having this conversation. Tell me what happened with Vlad and George.”
“They’re a couple of strange ones. Cops ran their prints, which match who they say they are. Typical low-lifes. I don’t have access to everything, but both have done time. In three states. The car they were driving was stolen. They confessed to the vandalism, to stealing the car, then turned into total clams. Didn’t even want to make a phone call. No lawyer, no public defender. So, they’re going to be sitting around in jail. They seemed almost happy about it.”
Which, as Derek had considered, meant they were more afraid of Ripley coming after them than spending time behind bars.
“Not my concern,” Derek said, “but thanks for stopping by.” When she didn’t say goodbye and leave, he waited for the other shoe to drop.
“Well, there is one more thing.”
Ker-thud.
He sighed. “Spill.”
“I’m starting a program for people not getting a fair shake.”
He suppressed the groan threatening to escape. Not that he didn’t think people didn’t deserve a second chance, or third, or fourth sometimes, but his sister couldn’t seem to separate those who would make an effort to turn their lives around from those out to milk the system until they could go back to doing whatever had gotten them in trouble in the first place.
“What do you want from me?” Derek said. “You’ve worked the ranch long enough to know it’s hard work, it can be dangerous, and this is a real operation. It’s not some dude ranch where people play cowboy. My livelihood depends on ranch work, not ranch play.”
“Don’t think I don’t know that. Dad had faith you’d handle things, or he’d never have left. He’d come back if you asked.”
“Absolutely not. He needs to be with Mom.” Derek trapped his sister’s eyes with his gaze. “And if you breathe a word to him that anything’s not perfect, I’ll have your head. One more season should turn things around. But I can’t afford to take on anything else right now.”
She fisted her hands on her hips. “I’m not asking you to open your ranch. I’m asking for endorsements, so I can apply for funding and have a bona-fide program in the works. Not just the random … stray, as you call them. I’m going to ask people you’ve already helped, like Lemuel, to give testimonials, but it would help a lot if you gave your side, too. What you saw when they got here, how they changed. And if you can get other ranchers on board, that would be fantastic.”
“But down the line, you’ll expect me—and other ranchers—to provide that honest day’s work, won’t you?”
“Once the program gets rolling, you’d be compensated, so you’d have a source of extra income.”
His sister. Ever the optimist. “How far along is this project?”
“It’s still in the draft stages. I’ll be happy to lay it all out. Sunday dinner, remember? My place.”
“I’ll let you know,” he said. Sunday was five days away, which was a lifetime in covert ops.
She turned, headed down the stairs, then stopped. Looking over her shoulder, she winked. “If your stranded motorist is still … stuck … here, you can bring her, too.”
What might happen to Sabrina if Ripley decided to come for her in the middle of the night? If he arrived with reinforcements? Or hired more competent help than George and Vlad? 
Derek stood back, his thoughts charging through his brain like a cattle stampede. He zeroed in on one, like a cowhand cutting one of those cows from the herd. “Wait here a minute.”
He stepped into the house, texted Adam.
Send Sabrina to my office.
He paced, running through options. Could Sabrina handle it? He thought so. Would his sister buy it? He hoped so.
The bookcase door opened and Sabrina hesitated in the space, more curiosity than concern in her eyes.
He stepped toward her, took her hands. “I have an idea.”

Chapter 13


Sabrina wiped her hands on her jeans, trying to remember all the things Derek had told her. She hung back a few paces as he went to open the door. He stepped outside, the door half-closed behind him. She sat in one of the easy chairs in the living room and waited. Listened. At least there wasn’t any shouting. The door opened and Sabrina hung her head, kept her gaze trained on her knees, as Derek and his sister took seats on the couch across from her.
“Bree, this is my sister, Cecily. She can help you.”
“Bree?” Cecily’s head tilted, her brows furrowed in puzzlement.
“Borrowed car,” Derek said.
Derek’s response made no sense to Sabrina, but it seemed to satisfy Cecily.
“Bree it is, then,” Cecily said.
Channeling one of her cooking students, Sabrina covered her face in her hands and shook her head. It had taken three classes before Tanya had uttered a word.
“It’s all right, Bree. Derek says you’re looking for a safe haven, somewhere your ex-fiancé won’t find you. You’ll be safe on the ranch. But I’d like to help.”
Sabrina lifted her head, peered through her spread fingers. When Derek didn’t say anything, she assumed her role of runaway fiancé. “How? He has contacts everywhere. How can I be sure he didn’t have me followed?”
“You think he was the one who sent the two men to mess with your car?” Cecily asked.
Sabrina shook her head and went back to playing turtle. “I don’t know,” she whispered.
Cecily extended a hand across the coffee table. “I work at the Sheriff’s Department. You give me his name, his car, his description, and I can have everyone looking for him.”
“No, please don’t.” Sabrina followed the scenario Derek had given her, although he hadn’t said anything about letting Cecily believe her fictitious ex-fiancé was behind the attack on her car. “He has cop contacts. I don’t want to find him. I want to be left alone.”
She braved a peek at Derek, who was sitting, spine erect, hands dangling between his knees. His eyes caught her gaze, his chin dipped a fraction of an inch. An almost telepathic good job message. Kind of the way he and Adam had communicated. Given how quickly she and Derek had covered the main points of her cover story, she accepted that tiny nod as high praise.
Cecily continued, apparently oblivious to the silent exchange. “Derek said you ran with almost nothing but the clothes on your back. I’d offer you some of mine, but I don’t think they’ll fit.”
Sabrina dropped her hands, took in the woman sitting across from her. Striking, was the first word that sprang to mind. Yet there was something about her that said trust me, a down-to-earthiness that belied the stereotypical I’m-better-than-everyone attitude Sabrina had seen so often in gorgeous women. And no doubt about it, Cecily was gorgeous. The kind of woman who’d attract men like a shiny new Ferrari. Even though Cecily was seated, Sabrina could tell she was tall. Statuesque. Her large, widespread eyes were the color of dark caramel, a shade or two darker than Derek’s. An awning of thick chestnut bangs hung over her eyebrows. A wide mouth, lips tinted with shiny peach-colored lip gloss, flashed a sympathetic smile.
“I can make do with these,” Sabrina whispered, gesturing to the clothes she wore.
“Not for long. Here’s what I propose. First, we need to change your hair. Sorry, but your blond and purple look is going to attract way too much attention.” Cecily paused, considered Sabrina again. “Unless you’ve already changed it from something else.”
Sabrina shook her head. “No, this is how he knows me.”
“Then it’s settled. It won’t be a professional job, I’m afraid. The salon in this town is no different from anywhere else. No matter how many times they swear things are confidential, somebody will talk. I’ll get color at the drugstore.” She tugged at her ponytail and leaned across the table, one hand cupped at the side of her mouth, a quick cut of her glance toward Derek, then spoke in an exaggerated whisper. “Don’t tell Derek, but this is an enhanced look. Nobody will think twice if I buy my usual. We’ll go to my house, take care of your hair, then we can drive down to the city and get you some new duds.”
Sabrina checked out Cecily’s taste in clothing. Snug-fitting designer jeans, a fancy western shirt with red and blue embroidery, and even fancier red cowboy boots with all sorts of cutaway designs and studs in the leather. “I … I can’t afford—”
“Yes, she can.” Derek spoke for the first time. “Bree’s a cook. I offered her a job as a replacement for Bella, and an advance on her salary is part of the deal.”
“Then it’s settled,” Cecily said. “As an extra precaution, you can hunker down in the backseat of my car until we hit the highway.” She stood, as did Derek. “Bree will stay with me tonight.”
Sabrina started to protest, but Derek cut her off. “That’s a good idea. I’ll check in with you later.”
She sent him an imploring gaze, one she hoped said, can’t we discuss this? and held her breath waiting for a signal he understood.
“You go on ahead,” Derek said to his sister. “Let me run a few things by Bree first. As long as you’ll be out, she can grab some provisions. Supplies are on the bare side.”
“I’ll pull the car around back and go say hello to Ginger,” Cecily said with another wide smile at Sabrina. “Everything’ll be great.”
Sabrina exhaled. The front door closed behind Cecily. “Ginger?”
“Her mare. She’s retired, as it were, but Cecily likes to visit when she comes by.”
“She’s awfully nice to be doing this for a perfect stranger,” Sabrina said.
“For good or bad, you’re now one of her strays.” Derek’s slow grin eased some of Sabrina’s misgivings.
“She scared me with that bit about my fiancé sending Vlad and George. I thought you didn’t want the cops in on it.”
“You were right, and excellent thinking on your part. I should have anticipated that. Sometimes Cecily thinks more like a cop than the cops.”
“You don’t think I’ll be putting her in danger by going with her? You and Adam both said the ranch is the safest place for me.”
“It is, but for today, you’ll be fine with Cecily. And, unless things change, you’ll be here tomorrow.”
Clearly, there was more going on, but for now, Sabrina decided to trust Derek and Adam. Cecily’s car engine revved, and Sabrina caught the flash of motion as it pulled away from the front porch. She rubbed her damp palms on her jeans. “What if I mess up my story? What if it doesn’t match what you told her?”
“You’ve been doing fine.” Derek came over and rested his hand on her shoulder. “I didn’t tell her anything other than you were running from a possessive fiancé you’d broken up with. Keep it simple, stick to as much of the truth as you can so you don’t get caught in a convoluted story. You lived in Albuquerque, you were a cook, and you were running. Answer her questions, but don’t volunteer extra information. Being reticent fits your plight. Cecily’s a Sheriff’s dispatcher, so she knows you were stranded. And she ran your plate, which is why she thought you were Merry.”
“So that’s why she was surprised when you introduced me as Bree.”
“Best not to give her your last name, or show her your driver’s license, though. She might get nosy if things are quiet at work. And don’t mention your brother. I told her you got stuck coming to thank me for the rescue last night. That should cover it.”
“Should I really buy groceries?” she asked.
“Like I said, stick as close to the truth as you can. We’re low on food, and you’re the cook.”
“How do I pay?”
“Tell Cecily I’ll reimburse her. Remind her she’ll be getting those frequent flier points for her someday trip to Europe.”
Sabrina grabbed her pack from where she’d dropped it. On impulse, she stood on tiptoe and gave Derek a quick kiss on the cheek.
He gripped her hands, leaned down and returned the kiss—a quick one—on her mouth. His golden eyes grabbed her. “Be safe out there, Bree.”
Damn, she hoped so.



Derek dropped Sabrina’s hands. Slowly. Reluctantly. Not dropped. More like dragged his fingers along hers, keeping contact through the tips of her fingers. It had taken all his self-control to keep that kiss quick when he’d wanted to savor her. Devour her.
He shook his head to clear it. Maybe his sister was right, and he’d been around cows and cowboys too long. “Um … guess you’d better be going.”
Gazing up at him, looking like a purple-tip-haired waif, she grabbed his fingers before that last micron of contact was gone. “You’ll call if you find out anything, right?”
“Absolutely.” He walked her through the kitchen, the mudroom, and out the back door where Cecily awaited her newest stray. “Wait here.”
He strode across the porch, down the steps, to Cecily’s car, as if he were getting in. Then he motioned to Sabrina who dashed out in a semi-crouch. She tossed her pack onto the backseat and climbed in after it. She positioned herself on the floor, Cecily gunned the engine, swept the SUV in a wide arc, and headed down the drive.
Derek went through the house to the front porch and watched the car shrink into the distance. Once things had settled down in that demanding part of his anatomy, he headed for the hideaway. As he trooped down the stairs, he remembered the security cameras and was glad he’d done nothing but open the car door for Sabrina. Kissing her, even chastely, had been a mistake, but at least he hadn’t done it in full view of his team.
Team? Where had that come from? Sure, he, Adam, and the guys would be working together, but this wasn’t an op. He wasn’t part of a team.
He entered the hideaway. Adam sat behind the desk, absorbed in the computer. Bryce and Frank sat in the recliners, while Tim watched the monitors. Relaxed, yet attentive. Which meant nothing significant had come from Blackthorne. Derek relayed what he’d worked out with Sabrina and Cecily.
“How’d she take it?” Tim asked. “Sabrina, I mean. I’m sure Cecily’s in hog heaven with someone to take care of tonight.”
“Sabrina is … adapting, I guess is the best word.”
“The big question is, will she be cooking breakfast tomorrow?” Tim said.
“If nothing goes down tonight, yes, she’ll be back.” Multiple thumbs up greeted that response. Derek grimaced and continued. “But if something hits the fan, I don’t want her here, hideout or not.” He turned toward Adam. “Where do we stand?”
“Good news, bad news, or not-so-good news?” Adam asked.
Derek glanced at the others. From the lack of interest on their faces, he assumed they’d already been informed. “Bring me up to speed.”
“Based on the pictures Frank took, we had a good lead on the second car. One matching the description was parked at the end of a strip mall in Rampart,” Adam said.
Which was the next town over, about ten miles from Pinon Crest. “Makes sense not to stay too close, but not go too far in case there’s something else he needs to do. Got a lead on the owner?”
“Finding the car was the good news,” Tim said. “Tell him the next part.”
Adam’s expression didn’t change. He was in sitrep mode, and emotions were never part of it. “The car was reported stolen two days ago.”
“Any reason to believe the owner was lying? He reports the car stolen so he can get away with his nefarious deeds?” Derek raised his hands in mock innocence. “The old I couldn’t have committed the crime, officer, because my car was stolen defense?”
“I would have used the term dastardly instead of nefarious,” Adam said, “but I don’t think our Ripley is good enough to pull off a seventy-three-year-old woman who’s all of five-two. The car, which was returned to the owner, was clean. No prints, no stray hairs, nothing, which fits what we’d expect from him.”
Derek frowned and leaned over the computer where Adam was working. “I’d have used the term commensurate with instead of the mundane ‘fits,’ but the bigger issue is where do we go from here.”
“What’s with the vocabulary contest, D-Man?” Frank asked.
“You mean he doesn’t talk that way to the cows?” Adam said.
“No way,” Tim said. “Until today, he’s always talked regular. Normal. Like ordinary folks.”
“Enough.” Derek raised his palms. “And there’s no competition. Adam’s trying to mess with your heads. If ever I use a word you don’t understand, let me know. Now, this discussion needs to focus on finding our bioterrorist plot. Adam, what did Zeke and Jinx give us?”
Adam opened a file. “Lists of known associates with potential connections to the anti-vaxxer cause.”
Derek perused the display. “Any of them nearby? Or is Sabrina the reason Ripley was here?”
“Nearby?” Tim said. “As in a ten-mile radius? Twenty? A hundred? Five hundred? People here are used to distance.”
“We’re looking. Starting close, then expanding the radius as needed,” Adam said.
“We being your Blackthorne, Inc.,” Frank said.
Derek and Adam nodded simultaneously. Adam spoke first. “These anti-vax groups are all over the Internet. We—that is, Blackthorne—are trying to separate the cyber noise from the ones who have the ability to follow up on what they’re spouting off.”
Without better intel, there was little Derek and the men could do to find this Ripley. Responding to a need he didn’t understand, or want to contemplate, Derek steered the conversation to Sabrina. “Wait. Any word on whether Ripley, or whoever hired him, is satisfied Sabrina has nothing they need, or isn’t a threat?” Not that he wanted her to be a target, but the idea of having her around awhile longer felt … good. Right. Warm. And not in a you keep people safe, or you like her cooking way.
“Yes and no,” Adam said.
Derek frowned at Adam’s non-answer. “Meaning?”
“Meaning we haven’t seen anything one way or the other. Ripley will be reading the journals, and until he’s convinced there’s nothing there—”
“Assuming there is nothing there,” Tim said. “Sabrina couldn’t verify John had or hadn’t kept cryptic notations in his journals.”
“She said his last entry was when he left for the army,” Derek said.
Tim frowned. “But did she read the entire journals looking for new entries?”
“I don’t know.” Derek made a mental note to ask her.
“For now, I suggest we continue assuming Sabrina is in need of a place to stay under the radar,” Adam said.
Derek schooled his features into his best neutral expression. Thinking about Sabrina, her staying under his roof, sent stupid smiles creeping onto his face. Feelings he shouldn’t be having in the first place didn’t belong in a briefing.
Keep it cool. Focused. Detached.
“The car,” Frank said. “The one the police recovered. Am I correct in assuming that since it was reported stolen, the police used their own techs to look for clues as to who stole it? And that although they didn’t find any usable evidence, there might be something they missed? Seems things moved awfully fast—finding the car, examining it, and getting it to the owner in a day.”
Bryce pursed his lips. “You think someone pulled strings? Or the cops didn’t do a thorough job?”
“You saying we should find a way to take another look?” Frank said. “Under whose authority?”
“Unless things have changed,” Derek said, “Blackthorne doesn’t take on jobs without paying clients. Who’s footing the bill for this one?”
“Valid point.” Adam drummed his fingers on the mouse. “It started as an internal investigation into John’s death. Blackthorne is picking up the tab for that part, at least it was. However, I haven’t received any further orders. The computer work isn’t a major financial drain. Fielding operatives to try to stop a plot to distribute tainted vaccines is.”
“And what’s that supposed to mean?” Bryce asked. “We don’t work for Blackthorne.”
“What it means is Blackthorne isn’t a government agency,” Adam said. “The boss decides what jobs we undertake, and Derek is right. Blackthorne doesn’t take it upon itself to run an op. No client, no income, no mission.”
Tim stood and shoved his hands in his pockets. “So you’re saying your boss might sit back and let Uncle Sam screw this up?”
“Afraid so,” Adam said.

Chapter 14


Sabrina tilted the cowboy hat Cecily had given her lower on her head. If she wore it, nobody would look twice at her, Cecily had promised. That didn’t stop the feeling she was being watched from creeping around Sabrina’s neck like icy fingers.
Slouched in the backseat of Cecily’s SUV while she waited for her new protector to finish shopping, Sabrina wished for something to read. Anything to take her mind off the waiting. How long did it take to run into a drugstore for a box of hair color? She pulled her grocery list out of her pack and occupied her mind planning menus. From what she’d gathered, she was in charge of breakfasts and lunches, but both were hearty meals. Her abrupt departure meant she hadn’t had a chance to take a full inventory of what Derek already had on hand.
She searched her memory, jotting down what she remembered seeing. Even though Derek ran a cattle ranch, Sabrina hadn’t seen much more than ground beef in his freezer. No steaks? No roasts? How tight was Derek’s budget? Cecily might know. He was going out of his way to help her, and it wouldn’t be fair to repay him by blowing his bank account.
Sabrina fabricated what her imaginary ex-fiancé had done to her. Not physical abuse, because Cecily, being in law enforcement, might decide the man needed to be caught. No, her ex-fiancé, Peter—she’d based him on a former boyfriend who’d been a total jerk—demanding, possessive, and she’d caught him cheating. Peter, of course, thought of Sabrina as one of his possessions and refused to let her humiliate him by breaking off the engagement. Which, in her imagination, she’d done, and then snuck away in the middle of the night.
For the rest, she decided to follow Derek’s advice and keep everything as close to the truth as possible.
Sabrina caught Cecily’s approach out of the corner of her eye. The woman carried three bulging plastic bags. Cecily strode to the rear of the SUV, opened the hatch, and plunked everything inside. “You can move to the front.”
Sabrina glanced around at the empty parking lot before switching seats. “Don’t tell me that’s all hair color. I’m not staying here the rest of my life.”
Cecily slammed the hatch shut and slipped into the driver’s seat. “Camouflage,” she said. “I needed a few things, and it makes more sense to hide what you’re shopping for amidst a bunch of other stuff. You know, like you never go into a drugstore for condoms and only buy condoms.”
“So, you were buying condoms?” Sabrina said.
A flush rose to Cecily’s cheeks, and she mumbled something that sounded like Wishful thinking.
Sabrina had a quick flash of asking for a couple, then buried the thought, wondering why all these me and Derek moments invaded her mind. Handsome, yes. Protective, yes. Virtual stranger, yes, yes, yes. And she didn’t hop into bed with virtual strangers. “Where to next?” she asked.
“My place. Let’s get you transformed before you show yourself in public.”
And with that, thoughts of Derek vanished as Sabrina slammed into anxiety territory. Which was why she’d been having sexual fantasies, because thinking about sex, even wishful, totally inappropriate thinking, was a heck of a lot better than thinking about someone trying to kill her.
Not kill her. At least that’s what everyone at the ranch had said. There had been too many opportunities, so if someone wanted her dead, she’d be dead by now. As if that was any consolation. She still hadn’t managed to wrap her head around John being part of all this hush-hush stuff.
About ten minutes after leaving the drugstore, they turned off the main road, and wound through a maze of residential streets before they pulled into the driveway of a modest log house. “Here we are.” Cecily hit the remote, and the garage door shuddered open.
Sabrina waited until Cecily had shut off the engine and closed the door behind them before getting out of the car. She took one of the plastic bags and followed Cecily into a small tile-floored room. A row of wooden pegs held jackets, and a plastic tray beneath them stored a pair of hiking boots. She started to toe off her sneakers, but Cecily interrupted. “Don’t bother. I rebelled against my mom’s no shoes in the house rule as soon as I left the ranch. Unless they’re muddy or snowy.” She clomped up a narrow flight of bare wooden stairs to a landing inside the front entrance. Another row of pegs and another plastic tray awaited outerwear and muddy shoes. Aside from a lightweight jacket and a red knit scarf, the area was bare.
To her left, Sabrina saw the small open kitchen and wandered over to set the bag she carried on the counter. Utilitarian. A four-burner gas range, a white fridge adorned with notes and magnets. Microwave on the counter below a bank of cabinets on one side of the sink, dishwasher on the other. More cabinets and drawers alongside the range. A narrow door led to what Sabrina assumed would be a pantry. She took off her borrowed hat and placed it next to the shopping bag.
“Not that way.” Cecily strode over and flipped it upside down. “You’ll ruin the brim. Crown down. Always crown down.”
Sabrina recalled seeing all the cowboy hats at the ranch lined up the same way. At the time, she’d been too busy to flip them over, and now she was glad she hadn’t. “Good to know.”
She took in the rust-colored couch facing the fireplace, the hardwood floors with brightly-patterned area rugs, the rocker in the corner. “Nice place.”
“Not much, but it’s home.” Cecily dumped the contents of the bags onto the couch, then started tossing things to one side. “I didn’t know what you brought with you, so I got you a couple of t-shirts, a sweatshirt, a nightshirt, socks, panties, and basic toiletries. We can fill in the gaps when we go shopping. Hope they fit okay.”
Sabrina thought of the rest of her meager possessions, still in the laundering process at the ranch. She glanced at sizes. Cecily had a good eye. “Thanks. Should be fine. I’ll pay you back.”
“We can settle later. Let’s get your hair taken care of.” Cecily gathered her own items, shoved them into a bag, then disappeared down the hall. Sabrina followed, reminding herself she had a role to play. Timid, quiet. Fearful. None of which was a stretch at this point.
While Sabrina allowed Cecily to administer her new hair color, she answered the woman’s questions in as few words as possible, keeping her voice subdued, as if she were afraid Peter might be listening. When she realized she was channeling Tanya, her cooking student again, guilt stabbed her like a twelve-inch chef’s knife. Sabrina had run to protect herself, but what would happen to her students if she couldn’t get back soon? Could Tanya end up like Lourdes, alone, struggling to survive from one day to the next? Sabrina couldn’t let that happen.
She realized she’d lost track of what Cecily was saying. And she figured out quick enough Cecily didn’t care whether Sabrina answered her or not. Cecily filled any periods of silence longer than a few seconds with running commentary about anything.
A timer dinged.
“You’re done. Grab some towels.” Cecily kicked at a cabinet door below the sink. “The utility room’s the best place to wash this out.”
“Right.” Sabrina found a stack of brown-stained towels that appeared to have been used for this process numerous times, and pulled out a handful. 
Cecily was already on her way, and Sabrina hurried after her. 
As she bent over the deep sink in the utility room, the rushing water blocked out most of what Cecily was saying, so Sabrina let her finish the shampooing and rinsing and conditioning, and whatever else she was doing.
“Since your hair’s so short, there’s not much point in trying to change the style. I think the new color should be enough.” Cecily led Sabrina to the bathroom and brought a hair dryer from a drawer. “Go for it. I’ll make the bed in the guest room.”
Given Sabrina rarely spent more than five minutes on her hair, she expected she’d be done long before Cecily. She turned on the hair dryer and wondered if she should lose the spikes and go for something softer when Cecily returned and set a small plastic bag on the counter.
“Almost forgot,” Cecily said. “I got you makeup to go with your new coloring. You know, so you’ll look different. You can do the big reveal in the living room when you’re done. Unless you want me to help?”
Although Sabrina couldn’t miss the hint that Cecily wanted her to say yes, Sabrina shook her head and gazed at the floor. “I’m okay,” she said in a reasonable imitation of Tanya’s tone.
She finished blow-drying her hair, then opened the bag with the makeup. A darker shade of foundation, black eyeliner, shimmery eye shadow, and black, volumizing mascara. And a deep coral lipstick. With a sigh, she began applying what Cecily thought she should wear. She screwed the top on the lipstick and returned everything to the bag.
A stranger stared out of the mirror at her.



The term government was a huge umbrella. Derek had plenty of experience with the military. Orders trickled down the line, requiring approval from people who were far removed from having their asses at risk. More often than not, things got done much faster when the field officers conveniently missed the memo. Misinterpreted the rules of engagement. Or said screw it and did what the situation demanded.
After quitting the army, Derek had joined Blackthorne where red tape was minimal in comparison. Now, between his sister’s colleagues and being part of the Civilian Posse, he’d met enough cops to know their hands were tied almost as tightly as the military.
“The best-case scenario,” Derek said, “is to keep the cops and Uncle Sam out of as much of this mess as possible. Let them investigate the hit and run, the vandalized car, and the stolen one. Odds are, they’re never going to connect them, and they won’t be looking where we are.”
“Which means someone else has to do the dot connecting,” Frank said.
“We find Ripley, convince him to tell us what he knows, go after the threat, and put a stop to it.” Tim raised the leg rest on his recliner, folded his hands behind his head, and closed his eyes. “Sure. We can do that before dinner. Piece of cake.”
“Given there’s no immediate threat, there’s still ranch business to take care of,” Derek said. “We’ve got fence to repair and a cranky hay baler demanding attention before mowing time. Adam, do you think a delay of a couple of hours is going to make a difference? You can stay here and cover the surveillance monitors, listen to chatter from Blackthorne, play a few rounds of solitaire, wash the lunch dishes. Whatever makes you happy. If you need us, call my cell.”
“If you want to talk about me behind my back, aren’t there easier ways to do it?” Adam said.
“Anything we have to say about you, we’ll say to your face,” Derek said. “We’ve got daylight left, and even with the extra help I had this morning, the storm means we’re behind schedule. A fence breaks, the cows go somewhere else, and pure money wanders off. But I can leave one of the guys here if you need help.”
“No, I’ll be fine.” Adam was staring at the computer, frowning, and clicking at the keyboard.
“Let’s go,” Derek said. “Tim, you tackle the baler, and the rest of us will run the fence line. Bryce, go load the horses. I’ll take Zephyr.”
“Will do,” Bryce said.
“Load?” Adam asked. “Isn’t the term saddle?”
“We saddle, then load. Into the trailer.” Derek motioned Bryce to get moving.
“You don’t ride them?” Adam asked.
“Not until we get to the pastures we’re checking. Otherwise, we waste valuable hours and horse energy getting to the starting point. Plus, we’ve got our tools in the truck.”
Adam lifted his palms. “So, it’s obvious I’m not a rancher. Go do your thing. But I suggest you carry weapons.”
His pulse kicking up, Derek clenched his fists. “Precautionary measure, or do you have new intel?”
“Purely precautionary. But it can’t hurt to be prepared.”
Derek jogged up the stairs with Frank and Tim behind him, into his office and paused at his desk. “Meet you at the trailer. I need to check a couple of things.”
“You don’t think Adam has everything covered?” Frank asked.
“Ranch business.”
“We can manage without you, D-Man, if you need to do the office stuff,” Tim said.
“No, it’ll go faster with four of us.” And Derek needed to get outside, get on a horse, feel the wind on his face, and put things in perspective. Adam had appeared with an off-the-wall scenario, and Derek couldn’t see how he and a few cowhands, even former Ranger cowhands, could be of much use. Sure, if a gang of anti-vaxxers invaded the Triple-D, Derek and his men would make short work of them. For now, he’d be more than willing to keep Sabrina tucked away until they verified whether or not an actual threat existed, but that was about it. “I’ll be out in a few.”
Why did a nasty little part of his brain want to convince Sabrina there was a threat so she’d be around awhile longer?
Derek settled behind the computer and checked the price of feed, of hay, of everything else it took to run a cattle ranch. Of course, the stuff he had to buy was up, while beef prices were down. A check of the long term weather forecasts said more rain, which could mean a better yield of meadow hay, a plus. But if a week’s worth of rain fell in one day, like yesterday, the subsequent flooding meant either moving cattle or supplementing their feed. Usually both.
He was still dealing with the budgetary aftereffects of heavy spring snows, which meant feeding cattle that should have been able to forage for themselves. But that was weather in Colorado, and something he’d learned to deal with from his father.
To shift his focus to something more pleasant, he made a quick call to Cecily. “Everything all right, Sis?”
“One minor snag.”
His heart thumped. Had something happened to Sabrina? “Which is?”
“Bree’s grocery list has a lot of perishables. I don’t have room to store them overnight. I’m on mid-shift tomorrow, so we could go in the morning, but if she’s supposed to cook breakfast, we wouldn’t make it in time. We could bring them by this evening, but you said you wanted her out of sight and away from the ranch until tomorrow.”
Which was true, although now he couldn’t think straight enough to decide whether it mattered. “Give me a minute.” He wasn’t Daredevil anymore. He needed to slow down, back up, weigh the pros and cons. “What if I come get everything?”
“But Bree was afraid Peter was watching the ranch. That’s why she’s here.”
“Peter?”
“Her ex-fiancé. Anyway, if Peter’s got eyes on the ranch, then he might be following you if you go somewhere. I had this … other idea.”
The way Cecily’s voice went quiet and hesitant put Derek’s sensors on alert. “This idea being?”
“Could one of your guys come by? You know, after they go home for dinner, so they’re not coming from the ranch. Bryce might be willing. He doesn’t live too far.” The last words came out in a rush.
And then the light bulb went off. Cecily had a thing for Bryce? Crap. In Derek’s former line of work—observation, picking up nuances, reading the most subtle body language—meant survival. How had he missed the signs with Bryce and Cecily?
He remembered her words. I’m all growed up. I’ve even had sex. With Bryce? No. He couldn’t have missed that. Crap. She was his kid sister. Bryce worked for him.
Thinking back, maybe there’d been interest in both directions, although with Bryce, it was hard to tell. But if he was working with the horses, Cecily usually found an excuse to go check on them, saying she wanted to make sure Ginger was doing all right. And, because Derek had a soft spot for Cecily, he’d kept Ginger, even though she no longer pulled her weight working cattle. Another drain on the budget.
He had to get cracking. “I’ll let you know. Worst case, you could bring them over yourself. I’m sure Bree will be fine at your house on her own for an hour or so.”
A prolonged silence on Cecily’s end.
Damn it to hell. He dragged his fingers through his hair. “I’ll ask Bryce, okay?”
“Thanks. I’ll let you know when we’re done shopping.”
He replayed her response, the tone, the inflections. Did she sound happy because she wouldn’t have to make the trip, or because it was a chance to see Bryce?
Cursing under his breath, he went to the trailer where Bryce had loaded the horses, trying to avoid the man’s eyes. Damn it to hell. They were consenting adults, but she was his sister.
Zephyr was going to get a good workout.

Chapter 15


Keeping her head down, hiding beneath the anonymity of her borrowed cowboy hat, Sabrina lagged a pace behind Cecily as they ambled from the parking lot to the mall. “What’s your normal wardrobe?” Cecily asked. “So we can make it harder for Peter or someone he sent to recognize you.”
Sabrina reminded herself she was supposed to be a frightened, introverted woman, waved her hands down her body, gestured to what she was wearing.
“Got it,” Cecily said. “Let the transformation continue.”
Each garment Cecily brought to the dressing room for Sabrina to try on caused another double-take at the mirrored reflection of a woman with dark brown hair, worn with bangs instead of spikes, as well as the makeup enhancements. She wondered how long it would take to get used to it. Or how long she’d have to continue the masquerade.
Right now, she had more on her mind than what she saw in the mirror. Derek wouldn’t leave her thoughts. Assuming she was to be cooking for the ranch hands, it made sense to ask Cecily what she knew about the men. She’d use Cecily’s camouflage method, mentioning all of them so it wouldn’t seem she was trying to find out more about Derek.
“Tim and Frank still have a lot of Army Ranger left in them,” Cecily said. “Tim’s got the sense of humor, though.”
“What about Bryce?”
“Bryce? Oh, he’s all right, I guess. He’s an animal person, not much of a people person.”
But the faint rise of color and the way Cecily busied herself going through yet another rack of clothes said Bryce was more than all right in Cecily’s eyes. However, Bree wouldn’t push, so Sabrina filed it away, moving on to the real target of her questions. 
“And Derek?” She considered a blouse Cecily offered, then returned it to the rack. “If he’s my boss, it would be smart to know what I’m getting myself into. I don’t want to make him mad.”
“I don’t think you have to worry about him. The man will eat anything.”
Sabrina wandered to the next rack. “I meant … like the budget. I need to know what kind of menus to plan.” She scuffed her shoe on the carpet. “It’s hard for me to ask stuff like that.”
“Seems it’s reasonable, given you’re the cook, but—”
“But?”
“I think things are tight right now. Mom had a stroke, and Derek came home.” She lowered her voice, as if Derek might overhear. “I don’t think Mom’s stroke was the reason he came back, but he sure as hell won’t talk about it. Something to do with his job for Blackthorne. Anyway, it took about a year, and a lot of heated arguments, but he convinced Dad that moving to a retirement community in Arizona would be the best for both of them.”
If Derek had failed at something for Blackthorne, and then the ranch went downhill, she definitely didn’t want to add to his sense of failure. Budget Meals 101 it would be. “Does he blame himself for the ranch needing money? Does he think he’s failing?”
A pensive expression crossed Cecily’s face. “I don’t think so. The Triple-D has been in the family for generations. Ranching is an up and down business. We all grew up knowing there were good years and bad years. I’ve been working on him to help me get a grant for disadvantaged teens, or at-risk young adults. They’d do time working on the ranch, so Derek would get more hands, and he wouldn’t have to pay them. I know he hires out when the workload is more than the four of them can handle.”
Before she could stop herself, Sabrina’s reaction was pure Sabrina, not Bree. “That’s great. It’s like what I do.”
“I thought you said you taught cooking.”
“I do, but those are the kinds of students I target.”
“We will definitely have to talk.” Cecily gathered all the clothes, which included items for herself, Sabrina noted. “Let’s get this paid for.”
Next, they took off for the warehouse club. Cecily called Derek, and handed Sabrina the phone after the usual pleasantries. “You can ask him how much food he needs.”
Derek’s rumbly voice—which still sounded as though he’d just rolled out of bed—distracted her, and she had to pay attention to what he was saying, not wonder if he’d sound like that after a night of sex.
“Get what you think we need,” Derek said. “I haven’t stocked up since Bella quit. Heavy on the beef, but the guys eat chicken and pork, too. They’re not much on green stuff.”
She wondered why he bought beef if he ran a cattle ranch, but she’d save the question for another time. “Do you have a budget for me?”
“I trust you. Shop. It’ll get used.” He said something else about needing to do ranch work, and when he said, “See you tomorrow,” Sabrina wished she was more familiar with his phone voice. It hinted that he wanted to see her tomorrow, and wasn’t a routine good-bye.
Despite what he’d said about the food, Sabrina still wasn’t comfortable with a carte blanche budget. She set herself a limit, and checked her new phone for a calculator app.



Derek ended his call with Sabrina. Should he have given her a specific food budget? No, she was a cook, she’d know what they’d need, and it was a reasonable investment. They weren’t shopping at a high-end gourmet place. But hearing her voice, discussing the food he and the ranch hands liked, had his mouth watering and another part of his anatomy anticipating something entirely different.
He climbed into the old pickup, filled with the gear they’d need for fence mending. He swore he could smell Sabrina’s scent, even with Charlie sitting on the passenger seat, and headed toward the pasture.
Every glance in the rearview gave him a glimpse of the shotgun resting in its rack. In the years since he’d been working the ranch, he’d used it once, to take down a mountain lion preying on his calves. Although he’d used weapons in the line of duty, both with the Rangers and Blackthorne, taking aim at another human being on the ranch was not something he’d ever considered.
As he approached the first gate, he noticed Frank leaning against it. Derek slowed the pickup, and Frank opened the gate, then closed it behind him after Derek drove through.
Frank hopped into the passenger seat, shoving Charlie into the back. “Didn’t seem right, you having to pull solitary gate duty. You’d think you’d have trained that mutt by now.”
Derek grunted.
“You think we’d be of any use to Blackthorne?” Frank asked. “I’m inclined to believe that if Sabrina hadn’t shown up, we’d be going about our business as usual.”
“You suggesting we cut her loose, send her home, and trust Blackthorne to protect her?”
“Does she need protection? None of us guys have a clue what Blackthorne can do. You worked for them, and Adam still does. I’d like Sabrina to stick around as much as the next guy, given her skills in the kitchen. But if she’s a temp cook, I’m not so sure it’s worth getting used to her cooking.”
Derek weighed his words before speaking. “If Blackthorne was hired to protect Sabrina, she’d be safe. I’d bet my life—her life—on it. But until I know they’re going to put the requisite manpower into bodyguard duty, I’m not comfortable letting her go home.”
He forced a smile. “And you can enjoy her cooking until we know what’s going on. What bothers me is we have two separate levels of competence. George and Vlad are third-rate thugs for hire, with the IQ of one average Joe between them. On the other hand, we have Ripley, who’s organized, smart, and knows how to evade the law.”
“You think he hired George and Vlad? Or is someone else pulling strings? An even more evil mastermind?”
Derek had considered that, although not in those terms, but without intel, he hadn’t pursued it. “According to Adam, Ripley works as hired help, so unless he’s taken it upon himself to run this anti-vaxxer campaign, the question is how the mastermind fits in. Does he hire the next level of underlings, such as Ripley, and then let them run with it, or does he vet everyone who’s part of his program?”
Derek stopped at the next gate and they repeated the open, drive, shut process.
“Tell me again why we care,” Frank said after he climbed into the pickup.
Derek admitted the question was valid. But he—and the rest of his crew—had joined the Rangers because they did care about defending their country. Okay, and some of them liked the big guns and blowing things up, too.
“We care enough to wait for Adam to let us know if there’s something worth fighting for, but also, whether we’re the ones to do the fighting. Let’s make sure there’s no way for our herd to find its way onto someone else’s property.”
Frank snorted. “You saying Kenny McMillan’s not going to call and tell us he found our cows on his land again?”
“Yeah, right,” Derek said. McMillan wasn’t a rustler, but he had a what’s on my land is mine philosophy, and tended to turn a blind eye to Triple-D tags and brands amongst his herd. Luckily, most of the other ranchers were more upstanding. Not so luckily, McMillan’s property abutted the Triple-D in a couple of places where the fencing seemed to break down more often than other spots on the ranch.
Derek closed the distance between his pickup and the horse trailer, parked alongside the truck and helped Bryce unload the horses. After scratching Zephyr behind the ears, Derek swung into the saddle. Charlie whined and Derek leaned over. “Yes, Charlie. You can help Bryce.”
He pointed northward. “I’ll start at the far end, work my way back. You guys split up and cover the rest.” He clucked his tongue and tapped his heels against Zephyr’s flanks. The horse headed off at a brisk trot. Derek hardly noticed the fence as they moved along. While his brain whirled through images of George and Vlad, of Sabrina’s car—and of Sabrina—the familiar aromas of damp earth, grass, and manure filled him with a sense of calm. Zephyr snorted. Shook his head. Derek leaned over and patted the horse’s neck. “You want to run, don’t you, buddy. Let’s do it.” 
He clamped his Stetson tighter on his head, gave Zephyr another cluck and a kick to the flanks, and the horse bounded off at a gallop.
How long had it been since the two of them had run flat out? He let Zephyr set the direction and pace. There was nothing but the thudding of hooves, the wind whistling in his ears, the sense of oneness between him and his horse. After a few minutes, he reined Zephyr in to a gentle lope, the motion as soothing as sitting in his grandmother’s lap in her rocking chair. He could almost hear her singing one of her lullabies.
As Derek approached the end of the pasture, he slowed Zephyr to a walk. “Time to do what we came for, buddy.” He turned the horse and they followed the fence line, looking for breaks and weak spots, signs of elk or mule deer deciding through was better than over or around.
Someday, he might be able to afford metal fencing for this section of pastureland, but he was stuck with the barbed wire until things turned around. He noted which support posts were listing after the storm. With the summer rainy season upon them, things would get worse before they got better. In other areas, the wire sagged enough to allow a cow to step over. He marked the areas of most concern with red plastic ties as he worked his way to the trucks.
He’d almost reached the vehicles when a disturbance in the earth caught his eye. Not hoof prints. Not boot prints. More like tire tracks. He nudged Zephyr closer, halting several feet away. He dismounted, then pulled out his phone. Pictures first, then he called Frank.
“You have any vehicles in this pasture since the rain?” Derek asked.
“Hang on. Let me ask the others.” Frank disconnected. Derek waited. His cell burred a moment later, and Frank was on the line again. “Nope. Not one of ours.”
“You’re better at reading these things than I am, Sherlock.” He gave Frank his location. While he waited, Derek scrolled through the pictures on the phone until he found the ones Frank had taken earlier. To him, they looked similar, but given the small size of the images, coupled with the fact that these tracks were on a grassy substrate, not the mud of the driveway, he couldn’t say whether the same tires had made both sets.
Frank trotted up a few moments later, dismounted and examined the tire tracks Derek pointed out. “You get pictures?” Frank asked.
“Yep.”
Frank stepped closer and examined the tracks. “These look like a pickup, not a sedan.” He pointed at a spot where there was more mud than grass and took another few pictures. “I’d say definitely post-storm, and not the car George and Vlad’s contact used.” He pointed to a spot on the track. “See this? Something was stuck in the tread. I’d say a twig.”
“We can’t examine the tires of every pickup in the county looking for it. We’d need more.”
“You want to follow these and see if we can get better impressions somewhere else?” Frank said.
“We can spare a few minutes.” Derek called Bryce, let him know to keep working, and they’d be back to help shortly.
He and Frank mounted up. “Let’s see what we’ve got.”

Chapter 16


By the time Sabrina and Cecily finished shopping and hauling everything to Cecily’s house, Sabrina wanted to crawl into bed. But she felt obligated to Cecily for putting herself out the way she had. “Let me cook dinner.”
“I can call for takeout,” Cecily said.
“No, I insist.” Sabrina had bought salmon fillets with tonight’s dinner in mind, since she had a feeling this might be her last fish dinner for a while.
“Then I won’t argue. Feel free to use anything I’ve got. Do you need help?”
“No, I’ll holler if I can’t find something.” Sabrina set to work, losing herself in the cooking process, challenged by the unfamiliar pantry and cooking utensils, but happy to be back to being Sabrina, and not Bree with her deep brown hair and fancy makeup. Her new clothes were still in bags, so she felt like she’d hung onto a tiny piece of herself.
She started the rice, cleaned and trimmed the green beans. She’d sauté them in butter and toss them with almonds she’d seen in Cecily’s pantry.
Cecily sidled behind her and opened the fridge. “There’s a bottle of wine chilling. Want some?”
Did she ever. “Thanks. And I can use a little for the fish, too.”
Cecily poured two glasses of wine, handed one to Sabrina, then grabbed the phone from its cradle at the far end of the kitchen counter. “Be right back.”
Sabrina found dried dill in a cabinet and wondered if Derek had an herb garden on the ranch. Yeah, right. Would he be open to starting one?
What are you thinking? You’ll be long gone before that could happen. And even if it did, you won’t be around long enough to use it.
She doubted Derek would bother with caring for even a few potted herbs on the kitchen windowsill. She took a generous sip—or three—of the wine, and prepped the salmon.
The shrill ring from her pack pulled her out of her cooking zone. She set the knife on the cutting board and rushed across the room for her phone. Merry’s name on the display set her heart thumping. Was her friend all right? Sabrina flopped onto the couch. “Merry?”
“Hey there. I wanted to know if everything’s okay. If I can do anything for you.”
Relief gushed over her. She racked her brain trying to remember what details, if any, she’d given Merry. With everything else going on, with trying to behave like Bree, she’d forgotten her original lie. She stalled. “Everything’s fine. What about on your end?”
“You know, I’ve been getting your mail,” Merry said.
Sabrina sighed. Everything with Merry was a start at the beginning and recap from there production. Sabrina tried to push the fast-forward button on the conversation. “Did something important-looking come?”
“A letter from your insurance company. I think it might be the check for your car. I hate to bother you. You’ve got enough stress, what with your brother’s funeral and having to leave town again to take care of his estate, but I could use the money.”
His estate. Right. Sabrina had said she had to leave to take care of issues with her brother’s death. But, damn, she hadn’t thought about the insurance check when she’d promised it to Merry before running away. She’d been careful not to use her credit card, but would someone be able to track her bank transactions? How good were these people Derek and Adam had talked about? First things first. It might not be the check. Could be a letter filled with hoops to jump through. “Go ahead and open it.”
Sounds of ripping paper, then Merry’s voice. “It’s the check. But it’s made out to you. Any idea when you’ll be back?”
“I hope to have things wrapped up in a couple of days.” Operative word being hope which made the statement the truth. “Is something wrong?” With her free hand, Sabrina put the green beans in the microwave to pre-cook them.
“I don’t think so.”
Damn it. That meant maybe. Did you put her in danger?
Sabrina set the timer on the microwave for three minutes, then glanced in the direction Cecily had gone. No sign of her, but she wasn’t about to put Merry on speaker so she could finish her prep work. Keeping her voice low, she said, “Merry, what do you mean you don’t think so? What made you think there might be something to worry about?”
“Promise you won’t call me a paranoid nutcase,” Merry said.
“I promise.”
“Did you ever get the feeling you’re being watched, but when you turn around, there’s nobody there?”
All the time, lately.
Merry went on. “Or you see someone, and he’s just hanging around, not doing anything weird, but you think you see him again in different places.”
“Can you be more specific?”
A sigh. “So, there was this guy at the bus stop reading a newspaper, but the bus came and he didn’t get on.”
“He could have been waiting for a different bus. Or he wanted to read the paper and the bench was convenient.” Sabrina’s mind raced through all the innocent possibilities while her gut was with Merry, thinking something was suspicious.
“Yeah, I thought of all that,” Merry said. “So when I saw him at Starbucks later, on my morning break, standing behind me in line, I didn’t think too much of it. At first. I ordered my usual latte, and while I was waiting, he ordered a plain coffee. To go. I mean, why go to Starbucks if all you want is plain coffee?”
“Some people like plain coffee. Are you sure it was the same guy?”
“Almost positive. I wasn’t going to introduce myself.”
“What happened when you left?” Sabrina asked.
“He got his coffee before mine was ready, and he was sitting at an outside table drinking it. And still reading the newspaper. I mean, how long does it take to read a newspaper? And how many people get print papers anymore? I don’t think I’d have paid any attention if he’d been using a phone or a tablet.”
“So, he’s outside, you come out with your coffee, and you head to work, right? What did he do?”
“I didn’t exactly watch him, you know. But I sensed him behind me before I got to the office. And I’m pretty sure he followed me inside.”
Merry worked in a big office building, with a bank in the lobby and countless other legitimate places for people to be. Dentists, accountants, lawyers. Lots of people in and out all the time. “Did he follow you to your office?”
A pause. “No, I got into the elevator, and that’s the last I saw of him.” Another pause. “See, I told you it was a big maybe situation.”
“Did you see him more than one day?”
A longer pause. “I didn’t notice him until this morning, but then, when I started thinking about it, I thought I might have seen him a couple more times.”
Well, that was helpful.
“When? Before or after my car was vandalized?”
“Oh, definitely after. I think.”
“Merry—”
“It wasn’t until after your car got destroyed that I started paying attention. If someone had been following me before then, I never noticed, and I never got those goosebumpy feelings.”
“What you’re saying is now that you’re looking for suspicious characters, you think you’re seeing them.”
“I suppose so.”
Adam had said his people were going to be keeping an eye on Merry. Maybe they weren’t as invisible as they should be. “Can you describe this guy?”
“A couple of inches taller than me. Short hair, dark, but brown, not black. No beard, no moustache. He was wearing jeans and a tee with a denim jacket over it.” Another brief pause. “Oh, and his name is Jackson. I don’t know if it’s his first or last name, though.”
“Jackson? How do you know?” She had a little more to tell Adam.
“They called his name at Starbucks. Which means he would have heard mine, too. Is that bad?”
“I doubt it. If, and it’s a big if, he was watching you, he’d already know your name. And he wouldn’t use his real name at Starbucks.”
“Yeah, that makes sense. So you think I’m not crazy?”
“I don’t think you’re crazy at all. I think you’re being careful,” Sabrina said.
“I can take his picture,” Merry said.
“I’m not sure that’s a good idea. Use your powers of observation. If you think you’re in immediate danger, call the cops.” The doorbell rang, and Cecily appeared, jogging toward the door. “I’ve got to go,” Sabrina said.
“You will keep me posted about the check, won’t you?”
Sabrina promised and ended the call. Should she call Derek with what Merry had said? See if he thought it was something Adam should check into? She put her phone on the table and continued with dinner, glancing toward the door. It wouldn’t be someone coming for her, would it? They wouldn’t ring the doorbell.
Cecily opened the door. “Come in.”
Bryce walked in, gave a nod in Sabrina’s direction. He removed his hat and fingered the elastic bands on his ponytail. “I’m … um … I’m taking the food to the ranch. So it won’t spoil.”
Sabrina set to work chopping an onion.
“Would you like to sit for a minute or two?” Cecily asked.
The eager encouragement in her tone seemed to fly right past Bryce. “I dunno.”
“You have time for a quick drink, don’t you?” Cecily said. “We have a bottle of wine open.”
“I suppose. You have soda?” Bryce stepped a little farther into the house, closer to the kitchen. “I’m driving.
“Dr. Pepper or Seven-Up?” Cecily said. “Your call.”
“Dr. Pepper.” Bryce eyed the salmon warily.
Yep. Cowboys didn’t do fish. At least not salmon. Maybe trout if they caught it themselves.
“How about some chips?” Cecily moved into the pantry and came out with a bag of tortilla chips and a jar of salsa.
“What about nachos?” Sabrina said.
Bryce’s eyes lit up. “Um ... Thanks.”
Sabrina covered the salmon and put it in the fridge to wait for later, raised the oven temperature, and put together a pan of basic nachos. When the cheese had melted, she found a platter, transferred them from the baking pan, and carried them to the living room. Bryce and Cecily were engrossed in the television set, so Sabrina left the nachos on the coffee table, pocketed her cell, grabbed the cordless phone and raised it in Cecily’s direction. “May I borrow this? A local call.”
A hand flap from Cecily said yes. Sabrina headed down the hall where Cecily had gone before and located an empty bedroom.
She found Derek’s number on her cell, punched it into the cordless. Not that she thought anyone would be able to monitor her cell phone, but why take even the remotest chance when there was a simple alternative? It was logical for Cecily to be calling her brother.
Derek answered after two rings. “What’s up, Sis?”
Right. She was using Cecily’s phone.
“It’s me. Sabrina.”
After he asked if everything was okay, she told him Bryce was here, but might be a little late with the food. “Cecily invited him in for a minute.”
“Yeah. She asked me to call him.”
“Oh, so there’s something going on between them?” Sabrina asked.
“Not sure it’s a them thing yet.”
Sabrina had caught hints of attraction beneath Bryce’s shyness, but it wasn’t her place to mention it to Derek.
She wished she could keep him talking about ordinary stuff. Listen to his voice. Have him sitting on the couch with her the way Bryce and Cecily were. “But that’s not why I called. Does Adam have anyone watching Merry? Because she thinks she’s being followed.”



Derek paced his office, listening as Sabrina told him of Merry’s concerns. “I agree, she could be overreacting, but I’ll check with Adam.”
“Thanks. If it is someone from Blackthorne, then they’re not very good at keeping out of sight. Which makes me wonder how good they’d be if there was an attack on Merry. Would they be able to protect her?”
“It doesn’t sound like the people I worked with when I was with Blackthorne,” Derek said.
“So you don’t think he’s a trainee?”
Derek suppressed a laugh. “That’s not how things work. If a trainee were learning how to run surveillance, he wouldn’t practice on a legitimate subject.”
“Unless they think Merry doesn’t need protection and they’re going through the motions.”
“Let’s not speculate. Let me see what Adam says and get back to you.”
“Did anything else happen?”
Derek thought about the tire tracks, which he and Frank had followed. Definitely not the vehicle George and Vlad’s contact had used. Pickup truck, one new tire. Easy enough to match should they ever find a suspect vehicle. Right now, Derek’s money was on Kenny McMillan or one of his hands, but he didn’t have time—or a good enough excuse—to go to McMillan’s ranch to snoop around his vehicles.
“Got a bunch of fence mended,” he said instead.
“Can I take that to mean since you had time for ranch work, there’s no new danger and I’ll be able to go home soon?”
His heart sank at the eagerness in her tone. But then, why would she want to stay out here? She had a job, a life in Albuquerque. “Looks that way, but not until I find out what the situation is with your neighbor. Unless I say otherwise, Cecily can get you here first thing tomorrow. She knows where I keep the key if nobody’s around.”
Until today, he never bothered locking doors.
“Okay. I’ve got to help Cecily and Bryce pack the food. I’ll see you tomorrow. I hope you’ll recognize me after Cecily’s makeover.”
Sabrina ended the call. He stared at the phone, trying to envision what she’d look like without her purple spikes, and how far Cecily might have gone with changing Sabrina’s appearance. Would it be as effective as the disguises affected by Ripley?
With a deep sigh, he clipped the phone into its holster and went downstairs, where he found Adam at the computer. Derek checked the monitors, then stood by the whiteboard. “Sabrina said her neighbor thinks she has a tail. One of yours?” He relayed the description Sabrina had provided.
“Not if she saw him,” Adam said. “Let me check with Zeke and see whether our guy spotted anyone.”
While Adam made his call, Derek made notes on the board. He wrote Mastermind? at the top, then Ripley? George and Vlad? G&V contact? and Jackson? underneath. He paused, then added fender-bender to the list. Trouble was, the only people they could identify were George and Vlad. Their contact may or may not have been Ripley. There may or may not be a mastermind. And, although Derek doubted the head honcho would be involved at this level, he couldn’t dismiss the possibility that the man—or woman—could have been George and Vlad’s contact. Whoever clipped Sabrina’s car on the highway might have had nothing to do with this anti-vaxxer scheme, if it existed. In a storm like that, accidents were normal.
Damn. He slapped his thigh. Sabrina’s car. There would be evidence, but they’d been so busy looking at the tire treads, they hadn’t considered it.
Adam set down his phone, glanced toward the board, and shot Derek an inquisitive look. Derek waved a hand. “What did Zeke say?”
“Yes, we have eyes on Merry’s apartment. Two person team, one male, one female. The man doesn’t match the description Merry provided for Jackson. Our team hasn’t noticed anyone running independent surveillance.”
“You said her apartment. They’re not sticking to her all day?”
“They track her to her workplace, then pick her up again when she gets home. There’ve been no sign of threats against her, and any more manpower, given there’s still no client, isn’t justifiable.”
Derek refrained from remarking on what he thought about the level of protection Blackthorne had provided. “So they haven’t been watching her on these daily Starbucks breaks she takes?”
“They will be, starting tomorrow.” Adam nodded toward the board. “You have any brainstorms?”
“Brain drizzle, I’d call it. When my sister asked me to rescue a stranded motorist last night, I had no idea it was Sabrina, or that she even existed. I dropped her at a local motel, and didn’t think anything more about it. It wasn’t until she showed up here—actually, it wasn’t until you showed up here—that I found out her brother’s death wasn’t an accident. But she told me someone had clipped her fender during the storm. Since her car is still here, we should be able to see if there’s any trace evidence where she was hit.”
“Good thinking, Professor.” Adam pushed away from his desk. “And if there is trace, see whether it matches our mystery person’s stolen car. Shall we investigate while we still have daylight?”
Derek grabbed a heavy-duty flashlight from a drawer. “You have a better camera than my phone? Plus, I suggest you change out of those Dapper Dan city-slicker duds and fancy shoes into something more appropriate for ranch wear. Between the mud from the rain and the manure, they won’t last ten minutes.”
Not to mention Derek’s curiosity about Adam’s arrival still tweaked his nerve endings.
“Sure. Give me five.” Adam trotted up the stairs, strode through the living room, then up to the second story, Derek at his heels. Derek followed him into an unused bedroom where Adam grabbed a pack from the floor near the dresser.
Derek considered the muddy footprints beneath the window as Adam yanked jeans, light hiking boots, a long-sleeved tee, and a denim jacket from the pack. “What? No camo?”
Adam shrugged, gestured to the garments he’d tossed onto the bed. “Around here, this is camo, isn’t it?”
“Not without a Stetson,” Derek said. “You know, you could have come to the front door and rung the bell.”
“Didn’t know who else might be here.” Adam grinned. “Besides, what fun is that?”
“Still the grandstander, aren’t you?”
“My assignment was to protect Sabrina. My cover was to pose as someone in charge of John’s estate. However, I admit to spending time running a little surveillance—”
“Snooping,” Derek said.
“What can I say? I was sent to follow a woman, the sister of a Blackthorne man killed while gathering intel, and she led me to the home of a man who used to be with Blackthorne. There might have been a connection. You know as well as I, the more information one can gather, the stronger one’s position. I preferred to gather it in a surreptitious manner.” He grinned. “Do I get points for ‘surreptitious’?”
Derek grimaced, ignoring the question. “Or you wanted to prove you still had the chops. Let’s not forget who trained you.”
Adam snickered. “There is that. I, however, didn’t foresee your buddy coming at me with a shotgun, so I confess to being a bit rusty when it comes to infiltration techniques.”
“Where’s your vehicle? Because you sure as hell didn’t walk from the highway. Even without our security cameras running, you’d have been noticed.”
Adam kicked off his loafers and removed the pistol he had holstered in his trousers. He set it on the bed, then shucked his trousers, reaching for the jeans. “Southeast corner of your property. Not a bad hike, although there were a couple of bulls that weren’t sure I belonged.”
Derek snorted. “Lucky for you they didn’t regard you as competition. So, you bypass the front door, climb a tree, and use a second story window.”
“Which, thanks to the trusting nature of you rancher types, was unlocked.”
Derek laughed. “The front door would have been, too. And the back door. We don’t get many callers out this way.”
Adam put on the jeans, holstered his weapon and finished changing clothes, with the exception of his muddy boots. He pulled a camera from the pack and slung it around his neck, then shouldered the pack. “I have a basic field kit in here. Shall we give the car a look?”
“Convenient. But then, doesn’t everyone travel with evidence collection paraphernalia?”
“They do if they didn’t unpack it after their last op.” Carrying his boots, Adam headed toward the stairs.
Derek didn’t routinely carry his Kimber on ranch property, but after going downstairs, he detoured to the safe in his office and brought out the holstered pistol. Once he slipped it into his jeans, memories of his last op for Blackthorne piled on, layer upon layer. He stopped. Blinked away the images of the bodies, broken and bleeding. This was not an op. All they were doing was looking for a dent on a car.
On the front porch, Adam was lacing his hiking boots. Derek stepped past him and tugged on his own boots. Adam watched, a dubious expression on his face. “You planning to horseback ride to the car?”
“Nope. It’s half a mile away. We can walk or take the Gator.”
“I vote for the Gator,” Adam said. “Purely in the interest of time.”
Derek ambled across the yard to the parked Gator, Adam falling in step beside him. Derek slid behind the wheel while Adam shrugged out of his pack and set it in back next to the tools and ten-gallon water jug that were part of the Gator’s everyday equipment. They bounced along the drive toward Sabrina’s car.
“You wear those cowboy boots all the time?” Adam asked.
“Mostly,” Derek said. “Unless I’m hiking. Been wearing them since I could walk. They feel natural.”
Adam shook his head. “You are different from the Professor I remember.”
“This is normal. I was different in the Rangers and on ops for Blackthorne.” And normal was a bit of an exaggeration. You couldn’t do what he’d done and not change.
“So you wouldn’t consider coming back?” Adam asked.
“I’m a bit long in the tooth for field work, and riding a desk isn’t my idea of a way to spend my days.”
“You have skills Blackthorne can use.”
“If this is a recruitment trip, you can pack your things and leave now,” Derek said. “I’ll even drive you to your car.”
Adam waved him off. “No. Thought it wouldn’t hurt to ask.”
By now, the dry Colorado air had hardened much of the mud. Sabrina’s car was stuck but good. “I’ll have to dig this out for her, see if it’s driveable,” Derek said.
“After we check it out.” Adam moved carefully down the length of the car, inspecting it as he walked, taking pictures. “Looks like plenty of dings already.”
“Yes, but we’re looking for a fresh one.” Derek sidestepped past Adam to the rear bumper. “Got something.” A dent was visible on the left side, where a car trying to pass might have misjudged the distance.
Adam moved in for closeups, snapping from all angles.
“The dent won’t do us much good if there wasn’t some transfer,” Derek said. “I’m no forensics guy. Do we wash away the dirt or collect everything? If this was done by the guy who hit her, that was in the middle of a downpour. This mud came afterward.”
“I’m no more a forensics geek than you are,” Adam said.
“Why don’t you call your people and verify the procedure.”
While Adam made the call, Derek made a closer inspection of the vehicle. The inside still smelled of smoke, but whatever George and Vlad had used was more for show than for damage. As if they’d used a flash bang, not something that would destroy the vehicle. Assuming there was no serious damage to the mechanics, a new window and some interior work would take care of things. He was about to pop the hood to check out the engine when Adam reported what Blackthorne advised.
“Rinse the mud off, then scrape any paint transfer down to the bare metal of the bumper, and send it to the lab. Ideally, the car would go to one of the labs we use, but I don’t know if Blackthorne has contacts out here. We could ask the local cops, but that would bring them into what we’re supposed to be keeping quiet.”
Derek and Adam went to the Gator and hauled the water jug to the car. Derek grabbed rags from the equipment box, and the two men poured and daubed until they’d removed enough mud to see the paint transfer.
“Shit,” Derek said.

Chapter 17


Sabrina finished cooking the salmon while Bryce and Cecily loaded his pickup.
“That smells delicious,” Cecily said when she came inside. “I’ll set the table.”
While they ate, Cecily rambled on about Bryce, how he was so good with animals, how he lavished extra attention on Ginger, how he’d love to have his own ranch and breed horses someday. Bryce this, Bryce that. Oh yeah, she had it for him. Sabrina, on the other hand couldn’t figure out her own stupid and unwarranted attraction to Derek. Most of her brain was occupied worrying about Merry. Would Derek call to let her know what Adam learned?
Cecily insisted on doing the dishes, and while she did, Sabrina brought her belongings into the guest room and took her new toiletries into the bathroom. She yawned. It was only seven-thirty, but the stress of the previous few days was taking its toll. She went to the kitchen where Cecily was putting the last of the dishes into the draining rack.
“Do you have a wireless connection I could hook into?” Sabrina asked. “I should check my email, to delete spam if nothing else.”
“Sure.” Cecily went into her bedroom and handed Sabrina a slip of paper. “Here’s the access code.”
Sabrina took the paper to the guest room. She pulled her laptop from her pack and powered it on. While it went through the startup routine, she went into the bathroom and scrubbed her face. The dark hair was enough to make her do a double-take every time she glanced at her reflection. No need for the overdone makeup, at least not sitting around the house.
She experimented with the bangs, trying them pushed to one side. And what if she tucked the sides behind her ears instead of covering them? She decided the best look for her was going to be wearing the new Stetson. Sabrina had been shocked at the price, not to mention all the different variations of styles, but had given in to Cecily’s adamant argument that it was a standard wardrobe item. Right now, it was sitting properly, crown-down, on the dresser.
She gave up on her hair, went to the laptop and opened her email program. Thirty-two new messages? Even after deleting the obvious spam, she had fifteen.
A knock on the door interrupted. “Bree?”
“Come in,” Sabrina said.
Cecily appeared with two glasses of wine. “I thought we might as well kill the bottle.” She handed a glass to Sabrina. “I’ll be in the living room if you want to join me. I’d love to talk more about your cooking school.”
Maybe talking about what she loved would be a good distraction. And the wine wouldn’t hurt. “Sure. Be out in a couple of minutes.”
Cecily left, closing the door behind her, and Sabrina scanned the email’s senders list. She moved her cooking forum digests to another folder to deal with later, which got rid of ten more. One from Renae. That one, she opened, but not until she took a sip of wine. It had better not say Renae couldn’t handle the extra classes. 
Relieved to find it was nothing more than a request for clarification on the menus for the next week, Sabrina answered and moved on. Two requests for more information about the cooking school from the contact page on the school’s website. She responded, modifying her boilerplate to address their specific questions.
The last two were from senders she didn’t recognize. The subject line on the first said A question for you. Someone who’d found her email address instead of using the contact form on the website? Her email wasn’t hard to find. It could be another inquiry about the school. But remembering the previous vitriolic emails, her heart pounded, and she took another sip of wine before opening it.
She choked, sputtered at the picture of Merry lying on the ground in a pool of blood. The message under the image said YOU COULD BE NEXT.
Coughing, she poised her finger over the delete key, but a moment of lucidity stayed her hand. She dashed to the kitchen and grabbed the cordless. “Be right back.”
Whether Cecily heard her or not didn’t matter. Sabrina went to the bedroom and shut the door, seeking Derek’s number in the phone’s call history. She punched the dial button and paced as she waited for him to answer.
When he did, she snapped, “What’s your email address?”
“Sabrina?”
She took a calming breath and another sip of wine. “You—or Adam, or his company, can trace an email, can’t you?”
“Blackthorne can. What happened?”
She explained the message she’d received. “I can tell the picture was Photoshopped, but someone connected me to Merry. And there’s another email I don’t recognize. The subject line says You better get back fast. I don’t even want to open it. If I forward them to you, can you track down where they came from?”
“Depends on how tech savvy the senders are. Be sure to include the full headers.”
After he explained the procedure, and gave her his email address, Sabrina sent them on their way. “Will you call me when you find out?”
“It’s not that fast. Don’t expect anything tonight. The messages didn’t have any pictures of you, did they?”
“No. At least not the first one. I haven’t looked at the second one yet.”
“I doubt they know where you are. What about the picture of Merry? Can you tell if it was taken recently, or is it something that could have been downloaded from the Internet?”
Sabrina didn’t want to look at the image again, but she forced herself to open the email. “I can’t tell for sure, but I’ll bet you’re right. It looks like it’s been pasted onto a blank background. The shirt Merry’s wearing—I haven’t seen her wear it in ages.”
“It’s probably someone trying to scare you,” Derek said.
“You sound like the cops after the break-in at my apartment. And I’ll tell you the same thing. It’s working. You don’t think this is a random crank, do you? It’s got to be related to John’s death.”
“Even so, they haven’t found you. Make sure Cecily locks her door, and try to relax.”
Relax? As if. “They must think Merry is involved. That’s not right. Why should her life be in danger because we’re friends? She’s a good person and doesn’t deserve this. Promise me you’ll make sure she’s safe.”
“Adam’s on top of it.”
“Thanks.” Sabrina stared at her inbox. “Hang on a sec.” She knew she’d never be able to relax wondering what the second email contained. And if it was innocuous, no point in bothering Derek or Adam’s company. Not breathing, she clicked it open.
Instead of another threat, this was from Tanya. Sabrina read the message twice.
That other teacher bitch don’t care. You have to come back NOW or I leave.
Sabrina’s heart sank. She read the message to Derek. “I can’t bear the thought she’d give up everything she’s worked so hard for. Tanya has such promise as a cook, but lately, she’s developed an attitude in serious need of adjusting. When she arrived, she was withdrawn, wouldn’t talk. But along with gaining confidence, she’s developed a mouth. I’ve been trying to work on it. I have to go home.”
“You sure the email is from her?” Derek asked.
Another tendril of fear slithered along Sabrina’s spine. “You think it might not be?”



Derek wished he had a way to erase the fear coming through in Sabrina’s voice. He settled in behind his desk and waited for her emails to arrive. “Has Tanya sent you other emails so we can compare their routing information to this new one?”
“No. Never. Will those headers tell you if the message is from her?”
“That’s why Blackthorne employs geeks,” Derek said. “And they’re good.”
“Should I answer Tanya?” she asked. “If the message is from her, I need to calm her down.”
“But if it’s not from her, a reply could reveal your location, assuming whoever’s on the receiving end knows how to interpret the headers. Most civilians don’t have the access or the know-how to do the things cops—or Blackthorne—can, so it’s not that huge a risk. Did it sound like her?”
“Sadly, yes. One of the things we do at the school is work on attitude and self-esteem. Language skills are lacking in a lot of our students, and we work on them along with the cooking.”
“Do you have another way to contact her?”
“The school has that information. I could access it from my laptop. We have phone numbers for everyone. So far, all I’ve done is answer a couple of emails.” A pause. “At your place, Adam said he’d give me a login. I totally forgot. Did I screw up? Is Cecily in danger because I replied to emails using her internet connection?”
“Shouldn’t be. But hold off on answering Tanya’s email.”
Adam appeared from the bookcase portal. “Someone’s coming.”
“Gotta go. I’ll talk to you soon.” Derek ended the call, then looked at Adam. “What do you have?”
“Pickup turned in off the highway. You want to check it out? Too dark and far away to recognize the make or color.”
Charlie ran into the room, bouncing with doggie excitement. Derek thought for a second, grabbed his cell and punched in Bryce’s speed dial.
“Bryce here.”
“What’s your location?” Derek held a finger up, signaling Adam to stick around.
“About two minutes out,” Bryce said.
“Pull around back.” Derek disconnected and put his phone away. He met Adam’s expectant gaze. “No cause for alarm. It’s Bryce with the food Sabrina bought. Charlie knows his pickup. C’mon, boy. You can wait outside for Bryce.” Derek scratched the dog behind his ears and accompanied the bounding dog to the back door. He let the dog out with a command to stay.
“Does the dog know everyone’s vehicle?” Adam asked.
“He and Bryce have a bond. The others, Charlie can take or leave.” Derek stepped to the edge of the porch and watched Bryce’s pickup approach.
“What if a stranger drives up?”
“You mean, why didn’t Charlie let us know when George and Vlad showed up? As I recall, that would have been while we were eating breakfast, which is far more important to Charlie than someone poking around half a mile away. He’s not going to make a fuss unless someone’s close to the house or barn. We don’t get a lot of strangers down here. But if someone tried to sneak in at night, he’d let me know.”
“Monitoring the cameras would catch an intruder sooner than the dog, it seems.”
“Yeah, but that means having someone watching round the clock. You think that’s enough of a concern to warrant twenty-four seven monitoring?” Derek’s irritation bled through. “If so, get Blackthorne to send people. You can’t tell cows there’s nothing to eat today because you have to watch out for goblins.”
“Chill, Professor. If it’s you and me in the house tonight, my money says we’ll come out on top should anyone be stupid enough to try to break in.”
Which was why Derek had sent Sabrina to stay with Cecily. Unless someone had planted surveillance software in her laptop, which he strongly doubted, answering a couple of web inquiries shouldn’t lead anyone to his sister’s place, and Adam agreed.
“Bryce and I can handle unloading the food and putting it away,” Derek said. “Meanwhile, I’ve got two emails Sabrina forwarded. One is clearly a threat, the other is purportedly from one of her students, but I’m not sure it’s not another way to get her to respond. Put the Blackthorne geeks on tracking them.”
“Will do.” Adam left, and Derek stepped out to help Bryce with the supplies. 
When he saw how much she'd bought, his mouth dropped open. What had Sabrina been thinking? That he was going to open a restaurant? Then again, he’d given her free rein to get what she thought was appropriate. And if Derek noticed that Bryce seemed more cheerful, even humming to himself, he wasn’t going to go there.
“Anything else you need, D-Man?” Bryce asked as they put away the last of the groceries. “Get any news on the threat?”
“Sabrina got a couple of questionable emails. Adam’s got Blackthorne tracing them. Also, the car that clipped hers the other night wasn’t the same one as Vlad and George’s contact. Blackthorne’s running that down as well.”
“How can you tell?” Bryce asked.
“Different color paint.”
“But what if the contact’s car had been repainted?”
“The odds that anyone would repaint a stolen car, get in a fender-bender, then restore it to its original color is far enough out there to be dismissed.”
Bryce tugged at his ponytail. “Yep. Makes sense. You think the original accident was really an accident, then?”
“Odds are leaning that way, but I don’t like the coincidence factor.”
“Contact person could have stolen two cars, though. One to hit Sabrina, then another for hooking up with George and Vlad.”
“Which is why we’re waiting for Blackthorne’s report. All questions, so far. Not enough answers.”
“Yep. We gonna finish that stretch of fence tomorrow?” Bryce asked. “Cecily said she’s free in the morning, if you need another pair of hands.”
Oh, she did, did she? If Cecily having the hots for Bryce meant free labor, then Derek was all for it. “I’ll give her a call.”
Bryce ducked his head. “I can do it. I know you’re busy with all this other craziness.”
Derek smiled. He hadn’t heard this many words out of Bryce’s mouth in a single conversation in months. Maybe ever. He clapped Bryce on the shoulder. “Thanks, man. Appreciate it. See you tomorrow.”
He called Charlie inside, then headed to his office. “Any updates?” he asked Adam.
“One. And it might be ugly.”

Chapter 18


Sabrina grabbed her glass of wine and meandered to the living room for a little girl time and a nice buzz. Anything to keep her mind off reality. Cecily shut off the television as Sabrina plopped onto the couch.
“Thanks for taking me in.” Sabrina held out her empty glass.
“No problem.” Cecily refilled both their glasses and lifted hers in a toast. “To dreams coming true.”
Sabrina clinked her glass against Cecily’s. “Tell me about your dreams. Your project.”
Cecily elaborated on what she’d outlined earlier. While the methods were different, the goals she and Sabrina shared were the same. Giving people hope, a chance to make an honest living.
“Sounds kind of cliché, doesn’t it?” Cecily said.
“But it’s the truth. I can tell you about people who’ve been in cooking programs—the ones I’m trying to emulate—who say learning to cook saved their lives. They’ve got marketable skills. Some have gone on to open their own restaurants.”
“That’s where I’m concerned,” Cecily said. “Although we might not be targeting the same sorts of people. Mine are more … damaged … you might say. It’s been proven that working with horses is therapeutic, but it requires trained professionals. I’m not sure I could get funding, much less convince Derek to expand. Bottom line, he raises cattle, and that’s where his money comes from. Setting up a horse therapy program would be way outside his envelope.”
“What about putting people to work helping on the ranch?”
Cecily ducked her head, then sipped her wine. “I’ve tried it with him. Deep down, I think he’s open to it, but these people need a lot of supervision, and he doesn’t have the staff. There was one kid—Lemuel—who had his head straightened after spending a week cleaning up horse stalls, hauling feed, doing physical work. Bryce said the kid had a special connection to the horses. But it also meant Bryce’s ranch work wasn’t getting done while he was showing Lemuel the ropes, and not all the hands have the patience it takes to work with these kids.”
Another sip of wine, and a faint blush rose to Cecily’s cheeks. “I think Lemuel and Bryce connected, kind of the way they connect with animals.”
“Sounds promising, but I can see how much time, personnel, and money it would take.”
“Which is why I’m looking for endorsements at this phase. I’ve got several ranchers on board, but having the Triple-D behind the program would mean a lot. Our ranch is one of the oldest in the county—at least under a single ownership.”
Sabrina wondered how to sway the conversation toward Derek. More of Cecily’s camouflage approach. “So you grew up in the ranching tradition?”
“All the way. There were four of us kids, plus Mom, Dad, Gramps, and Uncle Dwight. We kids were homeschooled until high school, worked cattle from the time we could sit a horse. Before that, Dad and Uncle Dwight stuck us in the saddle in front of them and we went along when they gathered cattle.”
“Four kids? Not just you and Derek?”
“No, there’s Nick, who’s between me and Derek, and Wendy, who was a year younger than me.” Cecily’s voice caught on the last word. The was said something must have happened to Wendy, but Sabrina wasn’t comfortable asking for details.
“She died in a car accident over ten years ago,” Cecily said.
“I’m sorry.”
“One of those senseless tragedies.” Cecily topped off each of their glasses, emptying the bottle. “Derek misses her the most, I think. She worshipped him, and he protected her.”
Was that why he’d been so adamant about protecting her, Sabrina wondered. She downed the last sips of wine and stood. “I think I’m going to call it a night.”
Cecily carried her wine glass to the kitchen. “Good idea. I told Bryce I’d lend a hand at the ranch tomorrow, which means getting up early. We’ll need to be there by six, so we’ll have to leave here around five-thirty.”
“Guess I’d better see if my new phone has an alarm app. Do I need to be there earlier to have breakfast ready?” She realized all of this should have been discussed with Derek when she’d agreed to be his interim cook, but somehow, discussing terms of employment hadn’t seemed important given what else had been going on.
Cecily took Sabrina’s wine glass and set it on the counter. “No, the breakfast you cook is second breakfast. The guys typically have something to tide them over before they get to the ranch. Normally, they’ll break between nine and ten.”
Which should give her plenty of time to organize menus and do prep work. “Do you know any of Derek’s favorite foods? I mean, since he’s the boss, I might as well try to cook things he likes.”
“Yeah, he’s interested in you, too.” Cecily grinned.
Sabrina’s face felt like she’d checked on a pan of vegetables roasting in a hot oven.
“I know my brother,” Cecily said. “Don’t go breakin’ his heart.”
“I don’t think there’s much danger of that. We just met last night. After what you said about Wendy, it’s nothing more than his protective instincts kicking in.” And it hit her like being whacked with a cast iron frying pan—she was supposed to be running from an ex fiancé. “I mean, I’m not about to get involved with anyone. Not after—” she searched her brain. Damn, making stuff up and then remembering it after half a bottle of wine— “Peter.”
“Right. I forgot. You’ve—relaxed since we first met. And trust me, Derek would never be like Peter. Although you never said what he did.”
Sabrina swiped a hand across her face and stared at the floor. “It’s getting late, and we have to be up early.”
“Sorry. It’s none of my business. But if you ever want to talk, I’m here.”
Sabrina strode to her room and stood inside, one hand on the door, ready to close it. “Good night. I’ll see you in the morning.”
With the door closed, Sabrina plopped onto the bed and looked at her cell phone. Derek hadn’t called. Would he call her cell or Cecily’s landline? Dare she call him to see what progress he and Adam had made?
Not after what Cecily had told her. But despite her brain telling her anything between Derek and her was nonsense, she couldn’t help the smile as she got ready for bed. She took out the new journal she’d bought that afternoon and decided, after considering the plusses and minuses, today had been a seven.
A knock at the front door erased the glow she felt from writing about Derek. She crept to the bedroom door and pressed her ear against the wood, straining to hear.
“Who’s there?” Cecily called out.
After a moment, the door clicked open. Had Bryce come back for a rendezvous with Cecily?
“Sorry, you’ve got the wrong address. Next street over.” Cecily’s voice. 
The door clicked shut, and Sabrina heard the snick of a deadbolt being engaged. 
She waited, then opened the bedroom door and caught Cecily walking toward her bedroom.
“Who was that?” Sabrina asked.
“Guy looking for an address. Happens all the time. An idiot developer with limited creativity for street names fixated on Blue Spruce. There’s Blue Spruce Drive, which is where we are, but then there’s also Blue Spruce Circle, Terrace, and Lane, all branching off this one. People don’t go far enough to find the side roads.”
“What did he look like?” Sabrina didn’t bother hiding her concern. After all, as far as Cecily knew, the fictitious Peter was still out there.
Cecily’s eyes widened. “You think it was your ex? Peter? It didn’t occur to me. This guy was at least fifty, I’d say, and—well, he didn’t seem to be your type. Jeans, cowboy boots, green and blue flannel shirt. Broncos ball cap. Scruffy beard. Oh, and an ugly scar down his cheek. Started around his temple. Good reason to wear a beard.”
“Definitely not Peter, then,” Sabrina said. However, what if he was connected to George and Vlad? “Did you see the car he was driving? Get a plate?”
“Oh, honey, you’re thinking Peter sent him. I wouldn’t worry about it. Honestly, people get these addresses mixed up all the time. I get at least one a week. And he didn’t ask for you, or even try to look inside the house. No creep factor vibes, and working for the Sheriff’s Department, I can usually pick up on those.”
“Okay. Guess I’m still jumpy,” Sabrina said. “See you in the morning.”
Once Cecily had gone to her room, Sabrina grabbed the cordless and took it to the bedroom. Should she call Derek? Cecily seemed confident the man wasn’t a threat. Besides, what could Derek do? If he or Adam came over, and someone was watching the ranch, they’d lead the bad guy right to her.



Derek massaged his neck and sank onto the sofa. “Define ugly.”
“Unexplained outbreak of an as of yet unidentified illness. Fever, seems to affect the digestive system. No fatalities, but no treatment, either. Docs are trying to make patients comfortable, treating the symptoms.” Adam motioned Derek to the computer. “Seventeen cases, all in resort areas of Colorado. Vail, Breckenridge, Aspen.”
Derek leaned in, studied the map Adam had pulled up. Three red dots, each with a number in its center. He did the math. They added up to seventeen. “You think this is somehow related to what John was investigating?”
“Can’t confirm it.”
“Since you got this information from Blackthorne, they’re thinking it must be. But unless things have changed in the last hour or so, it’s still not a Blackthorne case.”
“The boss is in meetings as we speak,” Adam said.
“With a client? Or working on alternative funding?” While Blackthorne was private, during Derek’s tenure, he’d known of occasional instances where governmental alliances had been negotiated. He’d never paid much attention to where Blackthorne got the money they paid him with. His paychecks were regular and had provided enough money for his comfortable lifestyle with some left over to send home. His way of appeasing the guilt from abandoning the family business.
“Not privy to that information.” Adam tapped the screen. “But seventeen cases spread over an area that size doesn’t send up red flags to me.”
“I agree, there are a lot of questions.” Derek ticked a finger for each one as it came to mind. “Are the medical people comparing notes, gathering data? Had these people been in contact with each other? Are they of similar ages? Male, female? Are the affected ones from the Colorado area, or all over the country? Could it be food poisoning? I can see a single supplier providing food to all three resorts.” A pause. “Are they kids? Recently vaccinated?”
“If we sit here for another five minutes, we’d come up with a dozen more. You should go to Blackthorne and head an investigative team.” Adam shoved away from the computer. “I’ve asked for the trace on those emails to Sabrina, but it’ll be morning before we hear anything. In the event this situation is going to require my involvement, I’m going to catch some shuteye. Do you have a bedroom to offer, or should I sleep in your bunker?”
“Unless you want to be closer to the security monitors, the room you came in through is fine. Bedding and towels are in the trunk at the foot of the bed. The hands will be here and ready to work at zero six-hundred. Ranch work, not Blackthorne work, unless the ranch is threatened.”
Adam paused at the doorway. “You saying you’re not going to help?”
“I’m saying that aside from keeping Sabrina under the radar—and we haven’t ascertained whether there’s even a reason to—there’s nothing for me to do. As I’ve said, I have a ranch to run.” When Adam put up his hands in protest, Derek added, “You can update me in the morning, and I’ll reevaluate my decision.”
Derek went upstairs, Adam a few steps in front of him. In the office, where Derek shut the bookcase, he paused. “If you want a nightcap, there’s a liquor cabinet in the dining room. If I’d have known you were coming, I might have checked to be sure I stocked a single malt Scotch. I’m a bourbon man, myself.”
“I remember,” Adam said. “And I’ll pass, even if you do have a single malt. Priority is a good night’s sleep and a clear head in the morning.”
Which made Derek second-guess his thoughts about having a drink himself. Instead, he let Charlie out one last time before securing the doors, then retrieved his Kimber before he went upstairs to shower and go to bed.

His morning hard-on, the likes of which he hadn’t experienced since his teens, reminded him of his night filled with dreams of Sabrina. However, solving the problem the way he had in his teens didn’t seem appropriate, so he thought about tainted vaccines and a struggling ranch budget instead.
He’d rather be thinking of Sabrina.
Once things had settled enough to pull on his jeans, he dressed—adding his holster and Kimber, choosing a loose-fitting western shirt that would cover it if need be—and headed for the kitchen to start the coffee. As soon as he opened the bedroom door, the rich aroma wafting upstairs told him someone had already done it. Adam? Sabrina? One of the hands? They all knew how to keep a coffee pot full. But he hadn’t heard a car approach, and Charlie hadn’t alerted him someone was coming.
Back in the day, the slightest noise would have snapped Derek to full alert, but he’d become a sound sleeper after moving home.
That, plus Adam’s ability to operate in stealth mode, meant Adam was the odds-on favorite for being the coffee elf. Which wasn’t necessarily a good thing. Derek had not-so-fond memories of Adam’s coffee, which alternated between sludge you could stand a spoon in, and see-through coffee-flavored water.
When Derek entered the kitchen, Adam sat fussing with his cell phone, a steaming mug of coffee on the table in front of him.
“Up early,” Derek said. “Or did you skip sleeping?” He grabbed a mug from the cabinet and filled it with Adam’s brew. Hooking the leg of one of the chairs with his foot, Derek slid it out, then sat across the table from Adam.
“More like you slept in,” Adam said. Clean shaven, not a single silver strand of hair out of place, no red-rimmed eyes or dark circles indicated he’d pulled an all-nighter.
Derek reflexively checked the kitchen clock, wondering if he might have misread the one in his room. Nope. Five-thirty. He cupped his hands around the warm mug, inhaled the aroma, and hesitated before taking that first critical sip. The one that kicked everything into gear and made you ready to start the day. “Your coffee-making skills have improved considerably.”
Adam shrugged off the compliment.
Barking from outside brought Derek to his feet. “You let Charlie out?”
“Seemed to be what he wanted, yes.”
Derek crossed to the window where Charlie was happy-dancing in the driveway. A moment later, Derek heard the distinctive rumbling of Bryce’s pickup, and a second vehicle along with it. He stepped through the mudroom and onto the porch where he had a view of the drive. Cecily’s SUV followed Bryce’s truck. Bryce swung his pickup toward the barn, and Cecily parked by the back door. The doors of her SUV opened, and an involuntary smile crept across Derek’s face at the thought of seeing Sabrina.
When she emerged, his smile broadened.
Sabrina dashed up the steps, her bowed head covered by a new Stetson. Derek wanted to grab it, see what his sister had done to transform the blond-and-purple hair he’d found surprisingly intriguing. 
He backed away, as much to keep from clutching her in a good morning embrace as to give her room to get inside the house. She wore jeans, a long-sleeved western shirt, but sneakers, not boots. More appropriate for kitchen duty.
Cecily waved and called, “I’m going to give Bryce a hand with the horses. How many?”
Derek forced his mind to ranching. Cecily would make an extra hand, leaving him free to deal with whatever Adam had found out about Sabrina’s mystery emails. Until there was a reason to have any of his men helping Adam, they might as well be out working. “Four.”
“Will do.” Cecily scampered toward the barn, her single braid swinging like a pendulum behind her as she hurried away.
He joined Sabrina in the kitchen. But instead of the welcoming smile he’d been anticipating, she crouched to the floor.
“I forgot,” she said. “I’ll take off my shoes.”
“Sneakers are fine,” Derek said. “You haven’t been mucking out stalls, or walking through pastures.”
She straightened. Pivoted. Strode to the table. She tugged off her Stetson and set it—properly crown-down, Derek noted—on the table. The blond and purple was gone, replaced by a shade of brown similar to Cecily’s. No more spikes. Bangs pushed to one side, a cap of soft waves. She ran her fingers through her hair, then slid into the chair next to Adam.
“Good morning, Adam. Did you find out anything about the emails?” she asked.

Chapter 19


Sabrina twisted to face Adam, avoiding Derek’s eyes. The man was too damn distracting. Heck, even telling her she could leave her shoes on sounded sexy. Today, he wore a red-and-beige checkered western shirt hanging loose over his jeans, looking all cowboy. She’d spent the night alternating between nightmares about a monster coming to chop her head off, and sexual fantasies—the Triple X kind—about her and Derek off on a deserted island. Which was ridiculous, because she hated the beach.
Adam sat and glanced at his cell phone, then took a sip of coffee. His gaze lingered on her face. “Good transformation. I like the new look.”
“We went for different. Nondescript,” she said.
“Different, yes, although I wouldn’t call it nondescript,” Derek said. “However, I doubt anyone looking for the Sabrina who left Albuquerque would connect you. Not without facial recognition software.”
Was that supposed to make her feel better? She touched her hair, still adjusting to the different feel. “The emails?” she asked Adam.
“The first, the one with the picture of your neighbor, was sent from a hacked account, bounced around numerous servers, which indicates whoever sent it wasn’t a casual crank. However, the good news is, they didn’t include anything in the message to infect your computer.”
“You can’t tell who sent it?” Sabrina hated that her voice wobbled. “If they are somewhere close by, or halfway across the country? Or the world?”
“Our cyber forensics guys are working on it, but their opinion is whoever sent it is nowhere near where it originated.”
“So, the answer to my question is, you’re clueless? Whoever’s threatening me could be at the Eagle’s Roost, or somewhere near Merry, or in … in Timbuktu?”
“Right now, yes. But cyber threats are federal crimes, and if you want to turn it over to the feds to investigate, that’s your decision.”
“Or I can delete it.”
Adam nodded. “That would be my recommendation. Blackthorne has a copy now.”
“What about the other one? From Tanya. Was it from her? If it is, I need to talk her down.”
“That one is legit.”
“Can I call her? I have a disposable cell phone. Those are hard to track, right? I’ve had it with me the whole time since I bought it.”
She couldn’t believe she was sitting here, talking about people spying on her to men she barely knew. Not without another cup of coffee. The quick one at Cecily’s—where Cecily had fielded a call from Bryce and shifted their departure time to arrive at the same time he did—hadn’t been enough to cope with all this strange intrigue stuff. 
She got up, found a mug, and poured herself a cup. Derek crossed to the fridge and pulled out the carton of milk. Careful not to touch him when she accepted it, she tipped some into her mug. He beat her to the silverware drawer and handed her a spoon.
To avoid his eyes, she looked to the floor, seeing his bare feet. Why were bare feet sexy? Why didn’t he have socks on? Nothing sexy about socks. “Thanks.”
“Your phone’s not bugged.” Adam’s gaze was on Derek, shooting him a look she didn’t understand, but Derek’s ears went red. Great. Adam thought there was something going on. Which was ridiculous, because all Derek had done was hand her a carton of milk and a spoon. No touching, no lingering eye contact. Zilch. Not that she was adverse to maybe … maybe when things calmed down … having a little something go on.
Heat flooded her face, and she grabbed the milk and put it in the fridge, pretending to be looking for something else while she cooled off.
“What if you call Tanya at the school, not on her own phone,” Derek said.
“That makes sense. She should be there by nine.” Willing to look at Derek, bracing herself for the female reactions he seemed to stimulate whenever he was near, or in the same house, or in her thoughts—she asked him about the meals she should prepare. “I’m here as your cook, and if that’s my cover—” Damn, she was starting to talk like she was part of this spy stuff— “I should be playing my part. What time is breakfast supposed to be served?”
“Around ten,” Derek answered as if it were a standard response, not as if he’d given it any thought. “But something else cropped up last night. You should know, although I’d rather not bring my sister into this, in case it’s nothing.”
“But if it’s something, wouldn’t her police connections be a good thing?” Sabrina asked.
“First, we want to make sure it’s not related to what John was investigating,” Adam said.
More vehicles approached the house. Tim and Frank trooped into the kitchen and went straight for the coffeemaker. Boots on, Sabrina noted. Guess they only had to come off if they’d been out getting ranch stuff all over them.
Each man carried a travel mug. Tim went to the fridge for the milk. Frank leaned over the table and snagged the sugar bowl. “’Scuse me.”
The men fixed their coffees, screwed down the lids on their mugs, and leaned against the counter. “Instructions?” Frank gazed at Adam. “You need us here?”
“We’re cool,” Derek said. “Cecily’s going to help you out today. She and Bryce are getting the horses loaded.” He went on about fences, pastures, feeding, and working cattle. Obviously, if you were a cowboy, it made perfect sense, because the men nodded and left.
Sabrina waited until she heard the door close before asking her question. “So, what do you think might be related to John’s investigation?”
“Let’s take this to my office where we can use a computer.”
“But … I’ll need to start cooking. If you can work in here, I can be getting breakfast ready. And lunch?” She lifted her brows in Derek’s direction.
“Midday meal’s part of the setup,” Derek said. “Between two and three. The guys are going to be out in a far pasture for the afternoon, so make something portable and we’ll truck it out to them.”
“But they’ll be here by ten?” Sabrina said.
“Yep.”
“I’ll get my laptop,” Adam said. “You can bring Sabrina up to speed.” He set his coffee cup next to the coffeemaker and ambled out of the kitchen.
Sabrina went to the pantry, found the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt, then arranged them on the counter, along with a can of shortening. “I’m listening.”
“If your brother hadn’t mentioned biologicals, this would never have raised a red flag. He lifted a corner of his mouth in a half-hearted smile. Trying to put her at ease, she figured. “More of a pink flag. A very tiny, pale pink flag.”
“But it waved a flag,” Sabrina said, “no matter how big or what color, so what was it?”
“Bunch of people at the local ski resorts came down sick. Doctors couldn’t diagnose it.”
“How many is a ‘bunch’?”
“Seventeen. Spread out over three resorts. A pale pink flag.”
She crossed to the cabinet where she’d spotted mixing bowls yesterday and reached for one. A scrape of a chair, a couple of soft footfalls, and Derek was behind her, his scent, unenhanced by an aftershave or cologne, clean and masculine, enveloping her. All she had to do was lean back the tiniest bit, all he had to do was lean forward the tiniest bit, and his warm body would brush against hers.
“I’ll get it.” His breath fanned her neck. 
She turned her head, half facing him. He took her shoulders, tugged her the rest of the way around, until they were face to face. He brushed her bangs with a fingertip. “I like it.”
“I’m glad,” she whispered.
He crooked his forefinger under her chin and tilted her face to meet his gaze. 
Her heart pounded against her ribs, so loud she thought Derek would hear the drumbeat. No, those were shoes on the stairs.
Derek let go of her and brought the bowl from the shelf. “There’s a stepstool in the pantry.” His voice was a bit louder than necessary. A bit huskier, too.
Afraid her voice would match his in the huskiness department, she cleared her throat. “Thanks.”
Adam carried his laptop to the table. Had he noticed the semi-flirtation? Derek crossed to the table, picked up his mug, and moved toward the coffeemaker.
Sabrina took refuge in the fridge, getting out the butter and buttermilk. Was she glad Adam had interrupted what might have been a perfect kiss? A kiss that might lead to something else? Which, given she’d known Derek a day and a half, was far too soon. And what if he was a lousy kisser? Did she want her fantasies shattered?
Adam’s cell rang, a shrill, harsh klaxon. He reached for it, put it to his ear. She waited. Derek had stopped, mug in hand, halfway to the coffeemaker.
“Five. Got it. Roger,” Adam said. Then more silence while he listened, opening his laptop with one hand, phone in the other. “Setting it up now. I’ll check back in ten.” He set the phone down and worked his laptop.
Sabrina cut the butter into small cubes, then took bits of the shortening and put it all onto a plate, covered it with plastic wrap and stuck it in the freezer. Derek was leaning over Adam’s shoulder, staring at the laptop, his brows knitted together. Sabrina wiped her hands on her side towel and joined him. The screen showed a map of Colorado, with three numbered red dots and a few black dots as well.
“What do these mean?” Sabrina pointed to a black one. From the silence and yet another secret exchange between Adam and Derek, she didn’t think it could be good.



Derek hadn’t missed Adam’s knowing look, the undisguised smirk. Shit. One flash of weakness, triggered undoubtedly by last night’s dreams, and Adam had pegged him and Sabrina as lovers. Or, since Adam had to know Sabrina had spent the entire night at Cecily’s, and since he’d been here shortly after Sabrina had arrived, as would-be lovers.
Derek didn’t play that. Never had, never would. Not a one-night stand with a woman he cared about.
And, because he realized he did care about Sabrina, although for the life of him, he couldn’t understand how it had happened so quickly, he focused his attention on the laptop screen. Same map as last night, but—he added the numbers—twenty-six in red dots and five in black ones. Before he could speak, Sabrina had reached past him and pointed at the red dots. Tempted as he was to take her hand, he simply observed the slender fingers with their short, unmanicured nails.
“But what do the dots and numbers mean?” she asked.
“I don’t know how much Derek had time to tell you.” Adam gave him another almost-smirk. “The red dots represent people who are suffering from an as yet undiagnosed illness.”
“And the black ones?” Sabrina backed away from the computer, inching toward the kitchen counter, as if lassoed by an invisible rope. Derek imagined cooking did for her what riding Zephyr did for him.
“Inactive,” Adam said.
“Inactive as in … recovered?” The doubt in her voice said she knew otherwise.
“No, those are fatalities.” Adam never had been much for sugar-coating anything.
“We don’t know if this has anything to do with John. It could be a bad case of food poisoning,” Derek said.
Sabrina took measuring cups from the cabinet and scooped flour into the bowl. “Or it could be an evil, nasty disease John was trying to prevent. But he got killed instead.”
“The fatalities,” Derek said. “They were all at Breckenridge according to the map. Any connections or correlations? Age, gender, overall health, where they came from?”
“You and Sabrina. Questions, question, questions.” Adam called Blackthorne. He listened, nodded, mumbled, then clicked over to his email program. “CDC is on it.”
“So much for keeping this under the radar,” Derek said.
“They’re not looking at it as an act of biological warfare, though. Just a new disease.”
Sabrina whisked whatever she’d put into the bowl hard enough to send clouds of flour into the air. “Wouldn’t their speculation automatically include terrorism?”
“Terrorists want to take credit for their actions,” Adam said. “Nobody’s stepped forward to say they’re responsible, or to make any demands.”
“You mean like saying they have the cure, but people have to do something they want first?” Sabrina went to the freezer and took out the plate of butter and shortening.
Derek watched in fascination as she worked the pieces into the flour mixture with her fingertips, and his thoughts snapped to what else those hands could do. “What are you making?”
“Biscuits. I thought your cowboys would like biscuits and gravy for breakfast.” She ran the mixture through her fingers, then nodded in apparent satisfaction.
“Sorry to barge into this happy homemaker routine, but we’re supposed to be working here,” Adam said.
Derek pulled himself out of fantasyland. “Right. One thing’s been bothering me. How is this related to the original premise that anti-vaxxers are involved?”
“Explain,” Adam said.
Derek collected his thoughts. “Here’s how I see it. Anti-vaxxers want to stop vaccinations. To do that, they’ve been tying vaccines to anything from mild side-effects to causing autism or MS, among others, claiming all vaccinations are bad. Would they distribute contaminated vaccines, killing people, just to prove their point?”
“There are plenty of whack jobs out there,” Adam said.
“I thought they wanted to be allowed to choose,” Sabrina said. “But if they want to ban all vaccinations, then they might see having them make people sick as a way to pull them off the market, make people distrust them.”
“Then why aren’t they going public, saying all these people with the new disease got it because they were vaccinated against … who knows what? Most vaccinations go to kids. Were these victims children?” Derek asked. “It’s not flu shot season, so they couldn’t be blaming it on that. Doesn’t track for me.”
“I agree,” Sabrina said. “I mean, look at how many vaccinations there are out there. Wouldn’t they have to contaminate all of them? Otherwise people—the ones the anti-vaxxers are trying to sway—could think it’s only one vaccine that’s bad.”
“Or, they’re working in stages, and this outbreak is the first step,” Derek said.
“Blackthorne’s working on the demographics of the patients,” Adam said. “But HIPAA makes it tough to get any information.”
Sabrina had created a mound of dough and was forming it into a ball. Derek couldn’t remember Bella ever making biscuits like this. Hers always came from one of those cardboard tubes she whacked against the edge of the counter.
Focus.
“Are you sure whatever John was trying to find out was connected to anti-vaxxers?” Sabrina asked. “As I recall, you said John’s contact had belonged to a radical fringe group planning to distribute contaminated vaccines to prove their point. But what if a member of that group got hold of whatever contaminated vaccines the fringe group had, and decided to use them for his own purpose.”
“Which purpose might that be?” Adam asked.
“Hey, that’s your job.” Sabrina had patted her dough into a thick rectangle and cut out circles, placing them on a baking sheet. “I’m just the cook.”
“But she does have a point,” Derek said. “What if it’s got nothing to do with anti-vaxxers? What if it’s some nutcase who likes killing people?”
“Without taking credit for it?” Adam said. “Still doesn’t fit the norm.”
“Why does it have to fit the norm?” Derek asked. “Nutcases have their own agendas. Playing by the rules isn’t their thing. Because I can is a good enough answer for them.”
Adam stared at his coffee mug. “What if this nutcase, assuming there is one, isn’t distributing contaminated vaccines? What if he has his own nasty bug and wants to infect people?”
“How would he get it?” Sabrina asked. “Somehow, the idea of a person smart enough to create or distribute new diseases doesn’t fit my image of a nutcase.”
“Which would mean we’re talking about a group effort,” Adam said.
“Aren’t we getting a little ahead of ourselves?” Derek asked. “We have sick people in a relatively small area of Colorado, and all in resorts. Has anyone found more cases? Or even what they have? We’re making a rather bold assumption these cases are a new disease, and not a nasty case of something more common, like food poisoning.”
“Besides,” Sabrina said. “If these sick people do have a new disease, and even if they were infected with it via your nutcase theory, then they can’t think I have anything they want, because they’re already doing their damage.” She set the last round of dough on the baking sheet. “Much as I’d love to stay here and cook for your crew, don’t you think it’s safe for me to get home now?”
Derek didn’t catch a lot of sincerity when she’d professed to love the idea of staying at the ranch. “Adam?”
“First, I’m inclined to go along with Derek and don’t want to jump to conclusions. But the threatening email about your neighbor bothers me. If you leave, you might be heading into the thick of things.” Adam lifted a hand. “And before you ask, yes, we’re upping the protection level on Merry.”
“What did you tell her?” Sabrina asked. “You didn’t scare her, did you?”
Adam smiled. “I assume she was reassured, not scared. We’ve done this before.”
“I’m sure she’ll let me know. I still haven’t told her the real reason I left.”
“And it’s wise to keep it that way,” Adam said.
Sabrina set the biscuits aside and began clearing her workspace. She stopped, a worried expression crossing her features. “I should tell you what happened last night.”

Chapter 20


As she talked, Sabrina assembled the ingredients for the sausage gravy she’d serve with the biscuits. “Cecily said it was nothing. That it happened all the time, so I didn’t think to mention it before.”
“Mention what?” Derek asked. “Let us decide if it’s nothing.”
Sabrina related the man looking for the address.
“Has your sister ever mentioned this happening?” Adam asked.
Derek scratched his head. “I don’t recall. Then again, unless it went beyond someone asking for directions or there was something funny about whoever it was, she’d have no reason to tell me about it.”
“Funny as in hinky, or funny as in ha ha?” Adam asked.
“To tell me, it would be ha ha funny,” Derek said. “Or at least unusual, like a guy in a tux, or with a cute dog—which would be what she’d notice. If she thought it was hinky, she’d have taken it to work and let the deputies check into it.”
“Cecily get a plate? A decent description?” Adam asked.
“Just what I told you,” Sabrina said.
“Did she ask him who he was looking for? A name?” Derek said.
Sabrina’s gut churned. “No. I told you. Cecily said it was nothing. I wasn’t even in the room. Do you think he was looking for me? If so, wouldn’t he have tried to bluff his way inside, or ask questions about someone else being in the house? Why don’t you ask Cecily?” She didn’t like the testiness in her tone, but figured she had a right to be upset. She took a quick calming breath, tried to think of something positive to say. Offer something helpful. “Tell her you’d heard my former fiancé had decided to look harder.”
“First, Cecily doesn’t know I’m here, much less the kind of work I do.” Adam drummed his fingertips on the table, as if he were thinking, then went on. “Derek could play the concerned big brother card, but it would make more sense for you to tell her. You heard from a friend who found out your pretend fiancé had sent a cohort to drag you home.”
“I can tell you the big brother card would backfire. Big time. Adam’s right. You should ask Cecily.” Derek grinned. “She’ll rant about how overprotective she thinks I am, then tell you it’s a bunch of bull, but in the end, she’ll tell you, because if she thinks there’s a chance your former fiancé did send whoever showed up, she’ll want to protect you.”
Sabrina smashed a clove of garlic onto the cutting board, scattering pieces across the counter. Garlic as stress management. She scraped up the bits and used less vehemence on the remaining two cloves. “You think he was looking for me? For all I know, he was stalking Cecily. Not a stalker stalker, but a guy who … admired her? Saw her around town? Wanted to meet her?”
“Very unlikely, given how small this town is,” Derek said. “If their paths had crossed, Cecily would remember someone with the scar you described.”
“Covering bases. I’ll pass the description she gave on to Blackthorne, see if they’ve got anyone on their radar who might match.” Adam closed his laptop and shot Derek another one of those private communication looks. Slightly upturned brows, half a smile. “If it’s all right with you, Professor, I’ll work in your office.”
“Use the hideaway,” Derek said. “I’ve got ranch work to do in my office.”
After Adam left, Derek wandered to the window and peered out. “The hands are gone, Adam should be busy for a while, and there’s something I’ve been meaning to finish.”
At the rumbling huskiness in his tone, Sabrina set aside the onion and jalapeño peppers she was chopping. She stared at his back—okay, a little lower—as he stood at the window. Derek had told Adam he had ranch work to tend to in his office, but he wasn’t moving in that direction. “Which is?”
He turned. Beneath half-closed lids, his golden eyes matched the clover honey she’d set out to go with the biscuits. She wiped her hands on her side towel. Met his gaze.
“This.” He narrowed the distance between them until he was standing close enough for her to sense the desire radiating from his body, but far enough away so he wasn’t a threat. Definitely not a precursor to ranch work. He paused, a question in his eyes. 
She nodded. Tipped her face upward. His hands, warm and rough with calluses, cupped her cheeks. Paused again.
What was he waiting for? Couldn’t he tell she was a more than willing participant? And who knew when Adam might interrupt? She reached up, grasped the back of his head, and tugged until he bent over enough to meet her lips with his.
“First one’s special,” he murmured, brushing his lips across hers. He released her face, took her hand. Led her to the pantry. Closed the door behind her, leaving them in darkness. “And should be private.”
Sabrina’s heart raced faster than a cowboy’s horse flying across the prairie. She pressed her palms against Derek’s chest, feeling his heart galloping as well. He leaned over, brushed her bangs aside, and planted the gentlest of kisses on her forehead.
Slowly, ever so slowly, his lips moved across her face. From her forehead to her eyebrows. One, then the other, his lips caressing, scarcely touching, yet each feather-light touch was as powerful as a summer lightning storm.
With knees of Jell-O, she leaned against the door. Closed her eyes. His lips swept across her lids.
His not-quite kisses wandered down her nose, across her cheeks. Her lips parted in anticipation of the next stop on this bone-melting journey. But he detoured, found her chin, then her neck, still keeping his lips the single point of contact between them.
In the darkness of the pantry, every sense was heightened. The sound of her breathing. Of his. His clean, masculine scent, with undertones of coffee. The tingles shooting through her every time his lips made contact.
Her anticipation turned to frustration, then switched to utter pleasure. Never had a man taken his time this way. Compared to Derek’s approach, the guys she’d dated had used kissing as a necessary evil, a stepping stone on the way to getting her into bed. And Derek hadn’t even kissed her yet. She moaned. “Please?” It came out as a whimper. Lord, was she begging? But they didn’t have much time, and so help her, if they were interrupted before this went further, she might die.
His hands touched her shoulders. She placed hers on top of his. Traced tiny circles over his knuckles with her thumbs. He groaned. Inched closer, and finally, finally, finally, there was body contact.
Heat surged through her. Her nipples tightened against her bra. Squirming slightly, she increased the friction, sending desire through every cell of her body. She was wet—almost embarrassingly so. His hardness pressed against her belly.
His tongue teased her lips, already parted. She angled her head, met his tongue, and his hands drifted to her rear, drawing her closer.
Unable to match his restraint, Sabrina stood on her toes, threaded her fingers through his hair, and plundered his mouth. Tongues explored, danced. She’d never been kissed—or kissed anyone—like this. A kiss she was afraid would spoil her for other men, because nobody, she was certain, could kiss like this.
Part of her mind wondered how it would be to make love with this man. Surely his skills weren’t limited to kissing. Another part, a very tiny part, tried to remind herself she wasn’t going to be here long enough to find out. Not to mention Adam or the cowboys might return any minute.
Reluctantly, she pressed against his chest, breaking the connection. Yet why did she feel this one kiss had created a connection nothing could destroy?
You sound like a romance novel. Get real.
Breathless, she stared into the darkness, imagining his features. Those golden eyes, the straight nose, firm jaw, and his luscious lips, the ones she now knew existed for a lot more than good looks.
“I … I need to be cooking,” she whispered.
A tap to her nose and a low chuckle. “And here I thought we were doing just that.”
“Derek—”
He reached around her and opened the door a few inches. The light from the kitchen blinded her. He squeezed her hand. “Coast is clear. You go ahead. I’ll be out when I can walk.”



Derek lingered in the pantry, as much to watch Sabrina as to wait for things to settle. He had a brief wrestling match with his conscience. Was it right to have stolen a kiss, knowing full well Sabrina and he were like those cliché ships that passed in the night? He harbored no guilt that he’d taken advantage. A man would have to be a blind pig to think she hadn’t been a willing participant.
“Where’s Derek?” Adam’s question carried through the kitchen.
“He’s getting something from the pantry.” Sabrina’s voice was a little louder than it needed to be.
She’d flipped on the lights when she’d left, and Derek searched the shelves, looking for something she might want. “How many potatoes did you say you needed?” Derek grabbed a ten pound bag, figuring it would help hide the remaining evidence of his reaction to kissing Sabrina. He carried it to the counter beside the sink.
“That’s plenty.” Sabrina placed a large cast-iron skillet on the range.
Derek wondered how she made lifting the heavy pan seem effortless. He supposed lifting heavy pots and pans went with the territory in her job, which led him to wonder what other muscles she had, and what she could do with them. Damn it. Was he going to have to carry bags of potatoes around all day to keep everyone from knowing what thoughts of Sabrina did to him?
“I thought we were having biscuits and gravy.” Adam wandered to the coffee pot.
Sabrina shook her head. “That’s breakfast. There’s still lunch, plus I thought I’d make a bunch of things that will freeze well, so whoever’s in charge of meals when I leave will have a head start.”
Hearing her say she’d be leaving took care of his below-the-belt problem. Of course she was. She’d come to ask about her brother’s letter, not apply for a cook’s job. She’d be gone now if not for this mess John seemed to have uncovered.
You met women you’d never see again all the time when you were in the army. And there were a couple during your time with Blackthorne.
But, for whatever reason, not one of them had hit him the way Sabrina had. Seeing her that first night, dripping with rain, hefting a lug wrench as though it were light as an aspen branch. Then, the next morning, after trekking through his muddy driveway, the first glimpse of her blond-and-purple spikes. Or now, the deep, burnished chestnut that framed her face.
Crap. Adam had said something, and here Derek stood, daydreaming like a lovesick teen. “Sorry, I didn’t catch that.”
Adam snickered, as if he’d been reading Derek’s thoughts. “I said, should I make another pot of coffee?”
“I’ll do it.” Sabrina moved toward the pot. “I figure that’s part of my job description. Did you get any more news?”
Sabrina hadn’t made eye contact with either Adam or himself, Derek noticed. Afraid evidence she’d exchanged a few hot kisses in the pantry might show? Then again, he wasn’t meeting Adam’s gaze, either. Derek brushed his mouth with his fingertips, then studied Sabrina’s face. Her lips were bare of lipstick. He struggled to remember if she’d been wearing it earlier, or if he might be the one wearing it now.
No. If Derek showed any signs of transfer, Adam would have laughed and pointed it out, not merely snickered. Man up.
Derek straightened his spine and met Adam’s gaze. “That’s right, Adam. Fill us in on what Blackthorne has. Any new cases? A better diagnosis? Someone taking credit?”
“No, no, and no,” Adam said. “Okay, amend that second no to a weak maybe. The CDC doesn’t think it’s any form of food poisoning, but they’re not ready to call it a new disease. A mutated strain of flu is what they’re saying.”
“Does that mean it’s true, or are they tap dancing?” Derek asked. “It’s not flu season.”
“Which is where the new strain description comes in,” Adam said. “Their line is, viruses mutate faster than vaccines can hold them in check, so what’s to stop one from cropping up in the summertime?”
Sabrina put a fresh pot of coffee on to brew. “If that’s the case, then this definitely doesn’t sound like an anti-vaxxer campaign to me. These sick people wouldn’t have had flu shots recently, since it’s not flu season, and the majority of people believe in getting shots to prevent these things. If anything, a new strain of flu would increase the likelihood people will get the shots, wouldn’t it?” Sabrina dumped two packages of meat into the skillet, watching, breaking them apart as they sizzled.
“Makes sense to me.” Derek read the label on an empty meat tray. Pork sausage. He hadn’t eaten anything yet, and his stomach rumbled. He went to the fridge to find a tide me over snack, and noticed the lemonade jug was half empty. He’d wait before telling Sabrina she’d be in charge of keeping it filled. And what was so hard about mixing water and frozen concentrate? Hell, he’d been doing it since Bella left.
Adam’s phone buzzed. He glanced at the display. “Blackthorne.” He listened, then said, “Hang on. Let me get to the computer—” to whoever was on the other end. 
“Might have more intel,” he said to Derek and hastened out of the room.
Sabrina added the vegetables she’d chopped to the skillet. Soon, the aroma of onions and garlic mingled with the sausage and freshly brewed coffee.
“Do you think you can get my car out of the mud today?” she asked. “I need to see if it’s salvageable.”
Trying—not too successfully—to ignore the pang in his gut at the thought of her leaving, he said, “I’ll call the mechanic we use.”
Sabrina’s eyebrows winged upward. “I guess either Adam’s little background check was as cursory as he said, or he didn’t tell you what he should have found. My father—the one who adopted me, not my birth father—owned a body shop. I practically grew up learning what goes on under the hood.”
Derek had another flash of Sabrina and the lug wrench. “So, fixing flats is another piece of your repertoire.”
Her eyes twinkled. “He wouldn’t let me get my license until I could change a tire in under fifteen minutes.”
“I’ll have it dug out before lunch.” He leaned an elbow against the counter. “How are you at hay balers?”
“I’ll be happy to take a look.” She tilted her head, flashed an impish grin. “But given it’s out of the scope of a cook’s responsibility, I’d expect additional compensation.”
She frowned, and when she spoke again, the teasing lilt to her voice was gone. “Which reminds me. We haven’t discussed my payment for being the ranch cook. Is room and board part of the deal? What about the protection services? And the advance on my salary to pay for the clothes—and the expensive hat—your sister talked me into getting?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
Her eyes narrowed and her frown deepened. “No, I don’t want to owe you anything. I pay my own way. Always. I’ll hire on as a temporary cook, but I want everything laid out. What were you paying your previous one? Did she live in?”
“Bella commuted, cooked second breakfast and lunch. From what I’ve seen of your cooking, you’re worth at least half again as much as she got.”
“But I’m staying here, so room and board should even things out. And, there’s the matter of protection. I can already see my presence is keeping you from your ranch work, so you’d have to deduct for that.”
Derek shook his head. “Nope. That will come from Blackthorne.” He glanced toward the doorway, listening for Adam. When he heard no sign of the man’s return, Derek stepped closer, took her shoulders and turned her to face him. “I know your career plans don’t include being a ranch cook, but I want a week. By then, we should have an idea of what’s going on, and you can help me interview a cook to replace Bella.”
She wiped her hand on the towel she wore at her waist and extended it. “One week. As your cook. Being a mechanic will cost you extra.”
“I was thinking of a better way to seal the deal.” Derek bent forward.
Sabrina pulled away, but left her hand out. “No. I’m not saying what we just did—” she cut her gaze to the pantry— “wasn’t … exceptional … but this has to be a business arrangement. Getting involved, knowing our … career plans … aren’t in sync, it wouldn’t be right. I don’t do one night—or one week—stands.”
He’d expected nothing different, but you couldn’t blame a guy for trying. Instead, he lifted her outstretched hand to his mouth and brushed her knuckles with his lips. “Deal.”
Did he see a hint of regret before she focused her attention on her gravy-making? Or had she seen it on his face?
Adam strode into the room, his expression dead serious. “Listen up. Two issues. One, we have another outbreak.”
Derek’s world snapped into focus. “Same disease?”
Adam gave his head a vigorous shake. “This one’s a respiratory thing.”
“A different strain of flu?” Sabrina asked. “Is that what they’re saying?”
“Where?” Derek asked. “And what’s the second issue?”
Adam lifted a palm. “Slow down, boys and girls. One at a time. Two more resorts. Crested Butte and Steamboat Springs. Nine cases. Five in Steamboat, four in Crested Butte. No fatalities yet, but no apparent connection between these victims, or to the ones at the other three locations. The CDC is busy at work.”
“What’s the second thing?” Sabrina asked. “Not another disease, I’m guessing.”
“You’re right,” Adam said. “Blackthorne has a lead on Ripley. And he’s close.”

Chapter 21


Sabrina concentrated on stirring the flour into the skillet. Cooking was real. If you did what you were supposed to, everything came out fine. All this other stuff—sick people, vandalized cars, spies—they were not part of her world, and she had no intention of letting them in. Biscuits and gravy, biscuits and gravy became her mantra.
As if telling herself to ignore what was going on around her would make it so. Keeping an eye on the thickness of the gravy as she added milk, she couldn’t help but listen to Adam and Derek discussing their elusive Ripley.
“How do you know where he is?” she asked. “I thought nobody knew what he looked like.”
“I should have phrased that better,” Adam said. “There’s a lead, not an ID, of a man Blackthorne believes might be Ripley. They use composite descriptions and the chatter about activities he’s been known to be connected with for intel.”
“They’re looking for connections to these two new disease outbreaks,” Derek added.
Adam continued, “Our intel people have been following Ripley for a long time. They have a huge file on him—or the people they think might be him, but every time they think they’re getting close, he changes his pattern.”
“He’s been involved with germs before?” she asked.
“If the guy we’re looking at is Ripley, then yes, it’s possible.”
And if he was, and if he was plying his trade here, all the more reason for her to scoot home to Albuquerque. Home. Her school. Tanya. Sabrina checked the time. Still too soon to call. Her stomach clenched. Why had she promised Derek a week? Could she weasel out? Technically, they hadn’t shaken hands, much less signed a contract.
But she’d accepted the deal, and she wouldn’t break her word. Not without coming to a mutual understanding with Derek.
“Where do we stand?” Derek asked Adam. “When you said Ripley might be close, do you mean at one of the resorts?”
Before Adam responded, his phone burred. He answered, then extended it to Sabrina. “Does he look familiar?”
Sabrina took the phone and studied the picture of the man Adam showed her, not sure if she wanted the answer to be yes or no. If yes, then Adam’s company could catch him and put an end to this mess. But if it was Ripley, and he was as elusive and dangerous as Adam had said, she’d rather not be anywhere in the vicinity. Maine was beginning to sound appealing. Or France. However, the man didn’t resemble anyone she’d seen, not here, not on the road, not at John’s funeral, or in Albuquerque. “No, sorry.”
Derek grabbed the phone and studied the image. “Not from around here.”
Sabrina lowered the flame under the gravy and started cleanup so she could move on to the meatballs she wanted to get underway. “But if he’s involved, wouldn’t it be better to ask Merry or Cecily if they recognize him? Seems they’re the ones encountering strangers.”
“Point taken. And our team is going to approach Merry today.” Adam faced Derek. “Cecily’s out with your cowboys, right?”
“Yes, and unless it’s urgent, she’ll stay there working until it’s time for breakfast.” The challenge in Derek’s tone seemed to echo Sabrina’s thoughts. If this is so important, why aren’t you sending Blackthorne manpower?
The wall phone’s shrill ring made Sabrina jump.
Derek strode over to answer. “Triple-D. Cooper.” After a silence in which Derek paced as far as the cord allowed, then pressed a palm against his forehead, he said, “I’ll take care of it.”
Another silence.
Then, “Fine. I’ll be here.” He hung up with the same kind of emphasis she’d used on her garlic. One nice thing about old-fashioned land lines—there was a satisfaction from slamming a receiver you couldn’t get from pressing an end call button on a cell phone.
To Sabrina, it seemed whatever had transpired during the phone call had upset Derek more than a potential epidemic. But since the call had come in on Derek’s business line, based on how he’d answered the phone, she didn’t feel comfortable asking what it was about.
“Be right back.” Derek headed off in the direction of his office, then returned carrying a checkbook, which he tossed onto the table. He went to the fridge, poured himself a glass of lemonade which he downed without stopping. Next, he glared at Adam. “Client or not, I expect Blackthorne compensation for your meals, your bed, and my time away from my real job. In fact, unless you give me a reason to give a damn—not that I’m saying I don’t care about people getting sick—a damn good reason you think I can be of any help to you, you can pack your things and get legitimate Blackthorne-sanctioned housing.”
Derek rested his elbows on the table and lowered his head into his hands. Sabrina busied herself finding the ingredients for her meatball recipe. After a moment, Derek raised his head and looked at Adam, who hadn’t done anything but sit, waiting quietly. “You can stay for breakfast,” Derek said.
Apparently, that was an acceptable apology for his outburst, because Adam chuckled. “Still have that short fuse, don’t you, Professor? But you’re more of a flash-bang than an actual grenade.”
“Flash-bangs don’t have fuses,” Derek muttered.
“And still a stickler for semantics. I shall report your concerns to Blackthorne.”
Sabrina decided the meatballs were going to need a lot of garlic.
Adam’s phone chirped—a new sound. He checked the display and from the way his fingers tapped the screen, Sabrina assumed he was texting. He paused. Another chirp. He fixed his gaze on the screen, then sprang up and left the room.
Derek stared after him. She thought he’d follow, despite his recent outburst about not wanting to be involved.
She remembered what Cecily had said about Wendy’s death. She imagined his outburst had been more out of frustration than Derek’s true feelings.
For now, Sabrina was the cook, and that’s all she wanted to deal with. The gravy was done, the biscuits awaited their time in the oven, and she had at least five more dishes she wanted to prepare for the freezer.
When the sound of a pickup—one in need of a tuneup—approached, Derek reached for his checkbook.



Slapping the checkbook against the palm of his hand, Derek stood on the porch as the pickup rumbled up the drive, a cattle trailer clattering behind it. Once the truck got closer, Derek stomped down the porch steps to intercept. He waved an arm and pointed toward his left, indicating that’s where the driver should stop.
When a tall, raw-boned cowboy wearing a battered brown Stetson hopped out of the driver’s seat instead of the expected Kenny McMillan, Derek wasn’t sure if he was glad McMillan had sent his son to do his dirty work. Much as Derek would have liked to give the old rancher a piece of his mind, avoiding confrontation was a smarter move.
Derek nodded to KJ, short for Kenny Junior, and ambled around the front of the truck, ducking to have a look at the tires. Yep. As he suspected. One new one, and part of a twig was still jammed in the treads.
KJ took his hat off and hung his head. “Sorry, Derek. Dad said to tell you—”
Derek lifted a palm. “I’ve already heard your dad’s story.” Derek pointed at the tire he’d singled out. “However, you tell your dad I’ve got proof this truck was in my pasture, and not far from a conveniently broken fence line. Frankly, his claim these six cows just happened to find their way to your ranch is a bunch of BS, but in the interest of neighborliness, I’ll accept what he said.”
Derek rested the checkbook on the hood of the truck and wrote out a check for the amount Kenny Senior had demanded. He ripped it from the pad and dangled it in front of KJ. “You can also tell your dad this is the last time this is going to happen. What I don’t understand is why he didn’t keep the damn cows and sell them along with the rest of your herd.”
Of course that would open the possibility that the cattle broker might notice the Triple-D brand and the different colored ear-tags, but even if the broker did notice these six cows tucked in amongst the rest of McMillan’s, Derek was sure there’d be a logical explanation at the ready.
KJ’s blush was visible over his tanned skin. “He said that would be rustling, and he’s an honest man. He wanted compensation for damage these cows did to his land. Plus the extra feed. And time for rounding them up and gas for returning them.”
“He should have called. I’d have fetched them—” Derek stopped. KJ was nothing like his father and was the unfortunate middleman in this transaction.
KJ sniffed, sneezed, then blew his nose in a red bandana. Derek noted the red-rimmed, puffy eyes. KJ shoved the bandana into his rear jeans pocket. “Damn sage is blooming like crazy. Allergies.”
“Yeah. From all the rain this spring. Frank’s been complaining, too,” Derek said. “As for the cattle. You happen to see these particular cows carrying out this purported damage first hand?”
KJ gave one more sniff. “No, sir. But Mama said something had trampled her garden, and I did see a busted pipe around one of our watering ponds.”
Undoubtedly damaged by McMillan’s own herd, and shouldn’t cost more than a pittance to repair. Much as he felt he was paying ransom for rustled cattle, if this would close the books between him and McMillan, it would be worth it. He waved the check, and KJ snatched it, folded it, and shoved it in his shirt pocket. “Thank you. Can I give you a hand moving these critters to where they belong?”
KJ was definitely not his father’s cowboy.
“That would be right nice of you.” Derek hopped into Kenny’s pickup.
As they bounced along the two-track toward the pasture, in between sneezes, KJ apologized again for his father’s behavior. “He’s not a bad man, just frustrated with making ends meet. I think he’s jealous.”
“Of what?”
“My dad and yours—there was always an underlying rivalry. I suspect Dad’s rankled because your father is retired and he’s still stuck trying to stay out of the red. I think it goes back to our grandfathers.”
Derek had never known his father or grandfather to say anything derogatory about Kenny McMillan, but then, by the time Derek was old enough to catch nuances, he was leaving the ranch himself. “Well, if it’ll make your father feel better, I’m barely scraping by. I can’t condone what he did, but we’re all in this business together. Helping each other out will benefit all of us in the long run.”
“I know. I studied business for a couple of years before I had to drop out. Dad thought college was a waste of time, and he refuses to listen to anything I’ve learned. Trying to get Dad to change his ways—it’s not easy.”
Unlike Derek’s father who’d always been open to new approaches.
Once they reached the pasture gate, it was short work unloading the six head and getting them where they belonged.
Derek took a moment to call Frank. “How’s your morning going? Cecily pulling her weight?”
“As good as any of us,” Frank said.
“As it should be. She was brought up working cattle, you remember.”
Frank laughed. “I recall you saying that, yes.”
“If you’re done ahead of schedule, give me a call and I’ll have Sabrina have breakfast on the table early.” Derek couldn’t help the grin. “I’d appreciate it if you’d make an effort to be done soon, because I’ve been smelling what she’s cooking, and I’m about to die of hunger.”
“Will do. Shouldn’t be long.” Frank paused. “Any news on the anti-vaxxer thing? I figured if you sent us out to work, it can’t be much.”
“We can go over it at breakfast. Adam’s still hooked into Blackthorne, but he hasn’t convinced me there’s a threat to us, or anything we can do.” Derek had a brief twinge of guilt for thinking of people dying as not much, but this wasn’t the time for sitreps.
Derek rode to the ranch house with KJ, who pulled a glove off a calloused hand and extended it to Derek. Derek accepted the handshake. KJ apologized once more for his father’s behavior before heading for his place, the empty trailer rattling behind the pickup, sending up clouds of dust. Didn’t take long for things to dry out in this climate.
Derek entered through the front door, surrounded by mouth-watering cooking aromas. At least he’d have reminders of Sabrina when she left.
When he didn’t find her in the kitchen, he set out for the office. Were she and Adam conferring? There was plenty for them to talk about, but his belly still twisted.
Jealous? Already? Don’t be an idiot.
He almost collided with Sabrina when he turned to enter the office. She clutched her cell phone in her hand, a look of sheer panic on her face. Worst case scenarios flashed through his mind. More diseases. More deaths. More threats. “Sabrina. What’s wrong?”

Chapter 22


Sabrina, her nerves jangling, came to a halt inches before she crashed into Derek. “I have to go.” She waved the cell phone, as if he’d be able to hear what Renae had said two minutes ago. “I know I said a week, but this is important.”
Derek grasped her wrist. “Slow down. Explain.”
She pulled away, trying to move toward the living room, but he blocked her path. She shoved the phone in her pocket. “Renae said Tanya got picked up by the police. I have to get back there. Try to straighten things out.”
“You can’t call? Handle it from here?” Derek asked.
“As if the Albuquerque police would have a reason to listen to me? Let me talk to Tanya? No. I need to get going. Now. I’m not going to let her throw her life away. Not when she’s come as far as she has.”
She managed to worm her way past him, trying to ignore the attraction that seemed to tug at her like a powerful magnet. But Tanya was more important than the aftermath of a hot kiss. She’d deal with the guilt of breaking her promise to stay the week.
Not until she opened the front door and stared down the drive did she realize she had no functioning wheels.
Head down, she turned and shuffled back to Derek, who was standing in the entry way. Again, he seemed to fill the space. Staring beyond his shoulders—because those golden eyes of his would suck her in—she said, “Do you think you can help me get my car unstuck?”
He didn’t respond, merely turned and walked away. Was he going to do it himself? She wanted to get on the road. She hurried after him. “I’ll help you.”
He strode through the kitchen, to the mud room, and pulled a set of keys from a hook on the wall. He tossed them in his hand, frowning, as if weighing countless options.
“No time. Go get your things,” he said, almost growling. “We’ll leave in fifteen minutes. I need to make arrangements.”
“We? You can’t leave,” she said. “You have too much going on here. Your ranch, this epidemic thing—”
He raised a hand, cutting her off. She swallowed her retort and let him speak. “Adam works for Blackthorne. If anything hits the fan locally, and Blackthorne has a reason to be involved, they’ll have a team deployed to handle it. With much better intel, much more powerful weapons. The odds of something happening here, as in on this ranch, are minuscule. But if there’s an attack, my men know how to defend themselves.”
“What if someone attacks your cows?” she said. “If they use a plane, they could drop a bomb, or spray some nasty germ that would make your cows sick or contaminate the meat.”
Derek shook his head, an indulgent smile playing across his lips, reminiscent of the ones her parents had used when she’d come up with a hare-brained scheme and they didn’t want to hurt her feelings by telling her she’d proposed the impossible. “If they did that, my being here wouldn’t do much good.” His smile widened. “In fact, if that should happen, I’m safer somewhere else.”
If Derek wasn’t worried about leaving his ranch in the hands of his cowboys, and the disease crisis—assuming it was still a crisis—in the hands of Blackthorne, fine with her. Anything to get her to Tanya. She was not going to fail a second time.
She bustled past Derek, out to Cecily’s car to grab her stuff, most of it still in the bags from the store. Leaving everything on the back porch, she went inside and paced the kitchen, and called Renae for an update while she waited for Derek.
“I know you have to teach,” Sabrina said, “but you can call the police, vouch for her, tell them I’m on my way. Something. Anything.”
After exacting a promise from Renae that she’d try, Sabrina disconnected and glowered at the phone. Renae was a good instructor, but she drew a rigid line between being a teacher and taking a single extra step to look at the human side of her students. Didn’t she understand learning to cook was only a tiny part of the whole process? Renae taught them to cook. Sabrina taught them to live.
Derek and Adam appeared after endless moments, neither looking particularly cheerful. About her leaving, or had something new broken? She wasn’t going to ask. Any conversation would delay her departure. She managed a quick smile, extended her hand to Adam. “It was … interesting … meeting you. Good luck.”
He clasped her hand in both of his. “I can’t say I agree with what you’re doing, but be safe out there. Listen to Derek.”
“I will,” she said. Listening didn’t necessarily mean obeying.
Derek carried a small olive-green tote, which he slung over his shoulder. “Let’s hit the road.”
She assumed he’d already spoken to his cowboys. “Wait,” she said. “Adam. About half an hour before breakfast, preheat the oven to 450. When it’s at temperature, put the biscuits in for ten to twelve minutes.”
His eyebrows jerked upward. “Me? Cook? And which is it? Ten or twelve minutes?”
She scowled at him. “It’s not cooking. It’s putting something in the oven. Check them after ten, see if they’re golden brown. They might take a minute or two longer. The gravy’s in the pan keeping warm, so crank up the heat a little while the biscuits are baking.”
Adam looked over her head to Derek. “I told you letting her go was a bad idea.”
Derek chortled. “If you’re afraid you can’t handle it, call Cecily. She’ll help. And remind her to feed Charlie.” They went through the mud room to the porch, and Derek picked up most of her bags while she shouldered her pack. “This way.” He stopped short, and set the bags down. “Hang on a sec.” He disappeared into the kitchen and returned carrying her Stetson. With a smile, he plopped it on her head. “Never go outside without one.”
Adjusting the hat, she followed Derek across the yard toward an old barn. When he slid the door open, she saw it had been converted from housing livestock to storing vehicles. She recognized the pickup he’d used when he’d rescued her on the highway, but he strode past it to an older-model Honda SUV and chirped the door locks. After putting their makeshift luggage in the rear, he said, “You sure you want to do this?”
No brainer. “Yes, I have to.”
“Then let’s roll.”
Before she got in, he opened the passenger door, leaned in, and opened the glove box. When he put a gun inside, a chill rolled down her spine.
“You have to bring that?” she asked.
“I prefer to know I can protect myself.”
“Is it … you know … loaded?”
He rested a hand on her shoulder. “Doesn’t do much good if it isn’t. The safety’s on. It’s not going off by itself. No need to worry.”
As if. Trying to ignore the visions of the gun going off right in front of her, no matter how safe Derek said it was, she climbed into the passenger seat, set her backpack at her feet, and buckled up. The thought of not being able to do anything for the next seven hours had hornets swarming in her belly.
Derek backed out of the garage and they bumped along the dirt road from the ranch, Sabrina eyeing the glove box, her foot pressing against the floorboard, willing the car to move faster. Derek seemed at ease, his hands on the wheel at the ten and two positions, but his white knuckles contradicted his otherwise relaxed demeanor.
“What about my—Merry’s—car?” she asked as they passed it.
“We’ll store it until you let us know what you want us to do with it.”
“Do you think, assuming people were watching me, they’ll believe I’m still at the ranch?”
“I’d hope so. The car’s not visible from the highway, so they’d have to come onto ranch property to see it.” He paused, apparently considering the possibilities. “But if they think it’s disabled, they might be looking for you in any vehicle leaving the ranch.”
He was right. She slumped down in the seat the way she had with Cecily yesterday, hoping she wouldn’t be noticed. At least not as the blond-and-purple-haired person she’d been when she’d arrived. As if Derek sensed her thoughts, he said, “I doubt they’re watching twenty-four seven, and you look totally different.” He glanced in her direction and smiled. “In a good way.”
Once they were on the highway, Derek accelerated. To occupy her mind while they drove, she checked her cell phone. Nothing. Until Renae called, she was helpless.
Derek slowed again as they drove through town. Storefronts slid by. A stone and wood building with a sign proclaiming it to be the Sheriff’s Department caught her eye. Maybe there was another option.
“Do you think Cecily has any connections to the Albuquerque Police Department?”
“She might. I’m sure she’d know who to ask. But she’s not on duty until later this afternoon.”
Sabrina sighed. “I know. But at least it gives me something positive to think about. Sitting here, not doing anything, drives me crazy.”
“Want the radio on? We should be able to find a station or two soon.”
“No, thanks. Unless you do. That would be fine with me.”
He reached across and punched a button. “I think we can get country, classic rock, and sometimes classical.”
“What’s your preference?” Talking about music beat worrying about Tanya.
“Generally, whatever gets the strongest signal.” He punched another button, then another, pausing to listen to each one. Mostly static or fading in and out. “Right now, it’s either classical or you talk to me.”
The intermitted bursts of static entwined with violins grated on her nerves. “We could talk. Can you tell me about my brother, which is where this whole mess started? We never did get around to that.”
A pause. Did he not want to talk about John? She noticed his eyes glancing into the rearview, then the side mirrors. Repeatedly. More often than simple safe driving dictated.
She shifted her gaze to the mirror on the passenger side. Was he checking to see if they were being followed?



Derek checked the rearview again. Short of pulling some half-ass evasion maneuver to see if the black Corvette he’d noticed since they’d left Pinon Crest behind would follow, there was no reason to assume he’d picked up a tail. Just because it wasn’t the typical vehicle around here didn’t mean it was unheard of. This was a major highway, after all, and there was no law against expensive sports cars using it.
He realized he hadn’t answered Sabrina’s question. “Your brother was a good soldier. The kind you could count on in a TIC—that’s Troops in Contact—situation when things hit the fan.”
“Did they?” she asked. “Hit the fan?”
“Can’t be a soldier and not have it happen. When you’re a Ranger, it happens more often, but John—and the rest of the men I served with—were well-trained, and most of us came through all right.” Having to use most instead of all still grated, but nobody went into the Rangers thinking there were guarantees of going home intact.
“Was John ever hurt?” She’d turned in her seat and faced him, her expression somber.
“Nah. Not any more than the usual dings. In fact, he came through missions in better shape than most of us. Seemed to have a knack for avoiding trouble, which, given his propensity for stepping outside the box was amazing in itself.”
“What do you mean?”
“He hated injustice, which was always tough, given we were at war. The rules aren’t the same.” He paused, not wanting to revisit those memories, but Sabrina deserved to know. “I guess we have enough time for a story that shows the kind of person John was.”
Derek reached over and touched her knee. When she didn’t pull away, he left his hand there. Might as well take what little pleasure he could out of these last few hours.
“We were in Iraq. At that point the army was supposed to be working with the Iraqi police, helping train them. John learned they’d found a girl, couldn’t have been more than fourteen. She’d been abducted, then raped. When they questioned her, she denied it, even though the scumwads had recorded it with their cell phone. The police knew she was lying, but they also knew if they released her to her father, he’d have her beheaded, saying it was an ‘honor killing’ because she was no longer a virgin. But the law said they had to turn her over to family. Her other option would be to go to the people who’d abducted her, and become a martyr. That would mean they’d give her a vest filled with explosives, and she’d kill herself to make whatever point they were trying to make. Either way, she’d be dead.”
“What happened?” Sabrina rested her hand atop his. 
“Your brother had made connections during a previous mission. We’d been sent to capture a high value target, and in the process uncovered a ring smuggling antiquities to Kuwait. John bribed the Iraqi police and got the girl, hooked her up with the smugglers and made them promise to get her to Kuwait, where at least she might have a chance to live.”
Sabrina gasped. Her hand flew to her mouth. “John did that? Did the girl get to safety?”
Derek put both hands on the wheel. “We’ll never know. John could be very … persuasive … so we can hope the smugglers believed he’d track them down and kill them if they didn’t.”
Sabrina exhaled a shaky breath. “I should have cared more. When he went off and joined the army, I never thought about what it would be like. I had this mental image of people running around carrying guns, but never took it far enough, to think it was life and death out there, doing what he was doing, and what it must have been like to wonder if you were going to be alive at the end of each day. I should have been there for him. Letting him know we at home appreciated what he—” she paused, touched her fingertips to his thigh again— “and you were doing.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m sure he knew you supported him.”
“That’s my point,” her voice cracked. “Deep down, at the time, I’m not sure I did. I lived in my own little bubble, going to high school, college, culinary school. If I thought of John, it was more like my stupid brother, always wanting to blow something up and in my mind, it was a game, not real. But what he did for that girl? I can believe it. He was always the peacekeeper in the family, always the one showing the new foster kids how things worked.”
“He was an honorable man, Sabrina. Some guys enlist because they like the adventure, and yes, because they like to blow stuff up. But not John. When he aimed his weapon, he knew there was a life he might be taking at the other end. But he also knew—we all did—ours were equally on the line. War isn’t pretty. It isn’t a game. We went where we were told, did what we were ordered to do because we believed it was right.”
She removed her hand from his leg, shifted, and faced the window. “I guess.”
Feeling like he was standing in an empty rodeo arena after everyone had left, he tried the radio again, but the lone station within range was an evangelical preacher. He punched the off button and wondered how to get her talking. Anything to hear her voice.
“You’re a lot like your brother,” he said.
“What do you mean? I don’t think we could be more different. He’s war, I’m peace. He’s quiet, I blather.”
“You both care about people. Otherwise, why are you taking chances to get back to Tanya?”
Instead of the voice he longed to hear, silence filled the SUV.
Eventually, she spoke. “I have to. I screwed up really bad with someone. I promised myself it wouldn’t happen again.
“Want to talk about it?”
She shook her head hard enough to dislodge her Stetson. Settling it on her head, she said, “Are you allowed to talk about your work with Blackthorne? You worked with John there too, right?”
Okay, so she wasn’t going to talk about her problems yet. He’d work on that later. They had plenty of time before they’d hit Albuquerque.
“For a couple of years, yes,” he said. “I owe him my life—several times over. Being a daredevil isn’t the smartest approach to the line of work we were in, and he was my opposite. Thought things through, weighed every option until I thought I’d go nuts, but overall, we complemented each other. Between us, we’d work out the best—and safest—methods for getting our missions accomplished.”
“So that’s when you switched from being Daredevil to Professor?”
Derek couldn’t help the chuckle that escaped. “Your brother and I did have lengthy, often heated, discussions. And, the atmosphere around the Blackthorne office, when we weren’t in the field, was more conducive to a broader vocabulary than the military contingent. Hence, the shift in nickname.”
Sabrina laughed, and his heart skipped.
“Were you an English major?” she asked.
“Nope. But there’s nothing wrong with enjoying the use of our language,” he said. “My folks used to get Reader’s Digest, and after I read all the jokes, I did the word power quizzes.”
“I’d say you did all right.” She leaned away, her gaze pointed at the passenger side mirror.
Derek checked his side and rearview mirrors again. The ’Vette was still there, but so were almost all the cars in the cluster headed down the mountain. Then again, there weren’t a lot of other places to go, not until they hit the Interstate.
But that prickly tingle at the base of his neck wouldn’t go away.
He flipped on his blinker, moved from the right to the left lane, and accelerated to get past a semi laboring on an uphill stretch. The ’Vette followed, but so did three other cars.
According to Colorado law, the left lane was for passing—not that everyone obeyed—but Derek hung around in the left lane for another mile. Most of the cars moved right once they’d passed the semi, but the ’Vette stayed left with him. Not tailgating, not doing anything to be conspicuous. Nothing Derek would have noticed except for all the craziness that had landed in his lap along with Sabrina. Or maybe it was talking about his army days, spending time with Adam, slipping into stay alert, because anything might pop out of nowhere and kill you mode.
But the ’Vette wasn’t the only car in the left lane, so what was the big deal?
“Something wrong?” Sabrina’s voice broke through his speculation.
“No, why?” he said, almost automatically. Could she read him?
“You seem to be paying a lot of attention to the mirrors. Are we being followed?”
“I don’t think so. Given what’s been going on, it’s more of a habit, a reflex from my prior work that’s popped to the surface again. To voice an overused cliché, old habits die hard.”
“How would you know if we’re being followed? When I drove from Albuquerque, I worried every car around me was after me, but I had no way of knowing.”
“On this kind of road, or on a main highway, it’s almost impossible to spot a tail. Too many cars with legitimate reasons to be there. Even worse on an Interstate, because so many people can have destinations ten, fifty, a hundred miles away. It’s not unusual to travel in clusters, with the same cars around you for most of your trip. If a car in your cluster gets off at the same exit you do, they have their own reasons which have nothing to do with you. Also, if whoever’s after you is serious, odds are there will be more than one person on the job, so they’ll have different cars and take turns.”
“Which car do you think is following us?”
He explained his reasons for keeping an eye on the ’Vette. “But once you’re on this road, there aren’t a lot of places to go until you get close to Colorado Springs. Let’s see what he does.”
With a quick glance in the rearview, Derek shifted lanes—nothing sudden, proper use of turn indicators—a casual move, easing between a green Dodge pickup and a dusty white Subaru SUV, still keeping an eye on the black ’Vette.

Chapter 23


Without turning around, Sabrina couldn’t see whether the Corvette Derek was keeping an eye on had changed lanes along with him. But, as he’d said, there weren’t a whole lot of other places to go. Given the relative lack of traffic, if the car was tailing them, the driver should be able to see if Derek left the highway.
Derek gave a quiet curse.
“What?” Sabrina’s belly did a quick jump. “Is he following us?”
“Should have thought of this before now. My old instincts are a tad rusty.” He pointed to his cell lying in the console. “Call Cecily. She’ll be in my starred contacts. Have her run this plate.” He recited numbers and letters.
“Wait. Let me get her on the line first.” Sabrina pressed the call button, then waited the eternity it took Cecily to answer.
“Hey, big brother. You’re missing one hell of a breakfast.”
“Cecily, it’s me. Sabrina.” She fumbled with the phone looking for the speaker function. She pressed it and went on. “You’re on speaker now. Derek wants you to check a plate. He … um … he thinks my ex might have sent out some big guns.”
Derek repeated the plate, adding, “It’s a black late model Corvette.”
“Can it wait until I get to work?” Cecily asked.
“Sis, can you call whoever’s on duty in Dispatch and have them run it?” Derek threw an apologetic look Sabrina’s way. “Bree is kind of freaking out here.”
“Of course. I’ll call you back in a few.”
Sabrina ended the call and set the phone down. “Freaking out?”
“With Cecily, it’s always wise to appeal to her need to take in strays. You’re one of hers, so she’ll bend the rules to help. But it’s not bending the rules. Cops run plates all the time.”
“What about you?” Sabrina asked. “You’ve got that helping gene, too, I think.”
“I suppose,” he said. “But not like John. Or Cecily.”
She almost asked him about Wendy, how she’d died, whether he was rescuing people to make up for her death, but she’d ducked his question about what triggered her need to help Tanya, so it wouldn’t be fair to press him.
Almost compelled to find a connection with John, she fished around in her backpack until she found the letter that had sent her to find Derek. She read the note, then reread it, willing herself not to cry, trying to find hidden meaning in his words. But after studying it for several minutes, she concluded it was nothing more than a letter he’d been almost ordered to write. Nothing about what he was doing, nothing about how he felt about being in the army.
She wondered once again who’d put it into her coat and tried to replay everything now that she had more emotional distance. She didn’t know the people at the funeral, although they would have known who she was. But she couldn’t wrap her head around any way this letter, written long before John had joined Blackthorne, could be related to what he’d been seeking when he was killed.
Huffing a sigh, she put the letter in her pack.
Derek’s phone rang. Sabrina checked the display. “It’s Cecily.”
“Answer it, please.”
She put the call on speaker. “We’re both here, Cecily.”
“Where did you see that car?” Cecily asked.
“It’s been with us most of the way down 24. We’re approaching Green Mountain Falls,” Derek said.
“You think it’s following you?”
“Don’t see a lot of Corvettes out here, and this one’s been obeying the speed limit. Not normal for a sports car. I wouldn’t think twice, but with Bree ...”
Sabrina rolled her eyes, but if playing the cowering female meant Cecily would take extra measures to help, she’d play along.
“Well, you did good. That car was reported stolen last night,” Cecily said. “Hang on.” After a brief pause, she was on the line. “We’ve alerted the deputies and the State Patrol. They should be there soon. Don’t do anything stupid and scare him off.”
“Stupid? Me?” Derek snickered.
“And Bree,” Cecily said. “Don’t you worry about a thing. I showed up before Adam burned the biscuits. We’ve got everything covered, and Derek’ll take good care of you.”
“Thanks.” Sabrina leaned closer to the phone. “Do you have any clout with the Albuquerque police?”
“Clout? What do you need?”
“One of my students was arrested. Tanya Escobar. I don’t have any details, but if the cops will wait until I get there before they do whatever they do, I’d really appreciate it. Letting her see what happens when you break the law might help her realize she needs to stay in school.”
“I’ll see what I can do. If big brother doesn’t mind, I can cut my ranch time short and head into work early.”
Sabrina turned her gaze to Derek. Raised her brows. Mouthed Please.
“If the other hands don’t mind covering for you, it’s all right with me,” Derek said.
Sabrina exhaled in relief. Renae, if she’d even bothered calling the police, would give up at the first telephone tree recording. Cecily, Sabrina felt, would follow through until she got what she wanted.
Cecily’s voice came over the speaker. “We’ve got the herd moved from pasture three to the north, so all that’s left is checking the last stretch of fence and trucking feed to the south pasture.” A pause. Then her voice again, softer, as if she’d turned away from the phone. “You can do that without me, right guys?”
Grunts and affirmatives lifted a weight from Sabrina’s shoulders and loosened the knots in her gut. “Thanks,” she said.
“Consider it payment for the best biscuits and gravy we’ve ever had,” Tim shouted. “You take care.”
“I’ll let you know when I find out anything,” Cecily said.
“Thanks. I appreciate it.” Sabrina ended the call, a warm feeling spreading over her like melted butter. These were people she’d just met, bringing trouble into their lives, yet they were going out of their way to help her. “You’ve got good people working for you,” she said to Derek.
“That I do.” He slowed, adjusted his rearview, then pulled half onto the shoulder, slowing further.
Sabrina leaned over to peer out her mirror. Flashing red and blue lights reflected in the glass.
“I think our friend in the ’Vette is about to have company.” Derek’s eyes glistened, his face flushed red, his voice rumbled. His hands bounced on the wheel, as if they wanted to be doing something more than waiting. Was it exciting for him, seeing the cops after a bad guy? Did he wish he was out there, helping the cops instead of being stuck here with her?
The Corvette, still in the left lane, didn’t stop. Sirens pierced the air.
Derek moved fully onto the shoulder and parked. A black Sheriff’s SUV, its light bar strobing red and blue, sped past the Corvette. Behind it, a grey-and-black Charger—a State Trooper’s vehicle—followed, effectively sandwiching the black sports car.
“He can’t get away now,” she said. “Do you think it’s a coincidence there’s another stolen car that looked like it was following us? Or do you think he was following us?”
Derek pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes, then rubbed his neck. “Glove box. Advil. Please.”



Derek forced a smile at Sabrina’s concerned expression when she handed him the container of pills. He rubbed his eyes again, trying to line up the stupid arrows on the cap. Childproof was one thing. Opening the bottle when you couldn’t see straight was something else. “Headache. I skipped breakfast.” He left off the part about it being the mother of all headaches as far as he could remember. He tipped out three tablets.
“Don’t you need water?” Sabrina asked. “I have a bottle in my pack.”
Derek shook his head. Bad move. Pain stabbed him behind the eyeballs. “I’m fine.” He swallowed the pills, grimacing as they went down.
Sabrina had pulled a bottle of water from her pack and took a drink. She waved the bottle in his direction. “You sure?”
“As long as it’s out.” He took a long hit of the lukewarm liquid, capped the bottle, and set it in a console cup holder.
“You didn’t answer my question,” she said. “Is the stolen car a coincidence? Or related to the other ones? Do you think whoever stole the car that met George and Vlad stole this one, too? Does he do it a lot? Do you think Adam’s asked his people if that’s in Ripley’s file?”
Derek took of his Stetson, swiped the back of his hand across his brow, and set the hat on the backseat, easing his headache pain. “That’s a lot of questions.”
She scraped her teeth across her lower lip. “Sorry.”
“Don’t be. They’re valid, and all related. But, to answer them, I honestly don’t know. I suppose we’ll have to wait to see who was driving the ’Vette.”
“Should I call Cecily?” Sabrina asked. “The cops should have the Corvette by now, don’t you think? They’ll know who was driving, and Blackthorne can check him out.”
More to keep Sabrina occupied than to satisfy his own curiosity, since Cecily would fill him in as soon as she knew anything, he agreed.
She picked up the phone and tilted her head, giving him an impatient stare. “Why are we still stopped? If it’s because you have a headache, I can drive. Then you can talk to Cecily.”
He took one more pull from the water bottle and put the car in gear. “All right, Miss In-a-Hurry, we’re going.” He reached for the sunglasses he kept in the SUV and settled them on his nose.
Sabrina talked to Cecily, not on speaker this time. From what he heard, and Sabrina’s frown when she set the phone down, Cecily had told Sabrina what he’d thought. That she didn’t have the information, but would pass it on when she did.
After about a mile, he moved into the left lane at the sight of flashing lights ahead. Traffic was light, but he took advantage of a semi in the right lane and fell in alongside it, effectively hiding him from the ’Vette, in case the driver might have a view of his SUV. Derek hoped the cops would be keeping the guy too busy for him to pay attention to passing traffic.
Of course, it was always possible the ’Vette had a partner, and the driver’d had a chance to relay the information. Derek kept an eye out, but nothing triggered his internal warning system. Not that he’d had much need for it since returning to the ranch. Cows didn’t tend to sneak up on you.
However, it wouldn’t hurt to take one final precaution. After checking his rearview one more time, he slowed, fell in behind the cluster of cars in the right hand lane, and took the side exit into Manitou Springs.
Sabrina twisted in her seat. “Where are we going?”
“Pit stop, and I need something to eat. I didn’t get your world class biscuits and gravy, remember. Once we hit the Interstate, stops are few and far between.”
“Can we do a drive-through or something?”
“Sabrina, a half hour one way or the other won’t make much difference. We’ve got plenty of time to make it to Albuquerque before six. And there aren’t any drive-throughs in Manitou.”
Didn’t take much to see Sabrina wasn’t pleased with the delay, so he tried another tack. “If we take a break, we can check in with Adam and Cecily. Take advantage of Wi-Fi, see how things stand. You have your laptop, right?”
Her huff indicated her frustration. But she begrudgingly accepted his decision.
He took a few side streets, watching for any cars following. Unlike the highway, there were plenty of places to turn and see if someone was following. And, if that someone wasn’t familiar with the area, he wouldn’t be able to lie in wait for him to come out, since there were plenty of routes to the highway as well.
Sabrina sat up straighter, although she yanked her hat lower on her head before looking around. “You’re checking for another tail, aren’t you?”
“Can’t hurt to be careful.”
That seemed to appease her. He took a side street into a residential area, looped around to a small parking lot, and took one of the few remaining spaces. This was tourist season, and it would be easy to blend into the people meandering along the sidewalks.
“We’re going to be the epitome of casual,” he said. “Pop into a store or two. Two tourists enjoying the mountain air. All right?”
“All right.” She sounded anything but.
He grabbed his hat, Sabrina took her pack. He chirped the locks on the Honda, and they sauntered along the sidewalk toward the main drag. He reached for her hand. She interlaced her fingers with his and smiled at him. “Two friendly tourists?”
“Very.” He drew her closer, snaked an arm around her waist. Almost enough to make him forget his headache. They stopped and looked in a few windows, although it wasn’t going to be any easier to spot a tail than it would be for a tail to pick him up. Not that he thought there would be anyone after them. Yet.
The café was busy, but not overly crowded. Derek stood inside the door, letting his eyes adjust to the change in light, but not wanting to take his sunglasses off yet. When the hostess approached and led them to a small table in the middle of the room, he gestured to a booth in the far corner. “If you don’t mind. We’re looking for privacy.” He pulled Sabrina closer, ran his finger down her jaw. “Right, honey?”
The hostess glanced at Sabrina’s left hand, and gave Derek a knowing smile. If nothing else, Sabrina’s blush as she nodded added to their credibility as new lovers. For a moment, Derek had visions of it being true. A very brief moment.
Once they were settled side by side on a vinyl banquette, Sabrina unzipped her pack and extracted her laptop. “I’ll bet the hostess thinks you’re going to pop the question. It’s going to look funny when we’re huddled over a laptop and talking on a cell phone.”
“Maybe she’ll think we’re looking for a wedding venue. Or honeymoon locations.”
Sabrina waved him off and opened her laptop, working her lower lip as she waited for it to boot and connect to the café’s Wi-Fi.
A server stopped by with menus and a carafe of coffee. Derek flipped the mug that sat, upside down, at his place. A caffeine hit was what he needed. Sabrina was still staring at the laptop screen, so he flipped her mug as well. “Please. And two waters.”
Sabrina glanced at the server, but didn’t maintain eye contact. “We’re ready to order. I’ll have two eggs, over easy. Whole wheat toast.” She turned to Derek. “Sweetums, do you want your usual?”
Sweetums? “Um, sure.”
“He’ll have pancakes and sausage.” Still facing him, she beamed. “I got it right, didn’t I, Sweetums?”
He patted her hand. “You sure did.” Since she was turned away, Sabrina’s bright smile wasn’t visible to their server, but Derek savored it, Sweetums or not.
The server left, and Derek asked Sabrina, “Not biscuits and gravy?”
“Wouldn’t be my biscuits and gravy, so why set yourself up for disappointment?”
He rolled his eyes, before his phone buzzed. He jerked, then pulled it out. “Adam,” he said softly. People talking on cell phones in restaurants bugged him, and Derek didn’t want to be on the receiving end of anyone’s ire. Or be overheard. “We’re having breakfast. Can you bring me up to speed? Sabrina’s got her laptop running if you can’t tell me over the phone.”
He wrapped his arm around Sabrina and held the phone so they could both hear Adam.
“I’ll shoot an email your way, but what I have now is an update from Blackthorne. Remember the little old lady whose car was stolen? The one that met George and Vlad?”
“Yes,” Derek said.
“Blackthorne sent an operative to her place, said he wanted to take another look at the vehicle. She agreed, and we caught a break. The thief wiped down the car, but he wasn’t wearing gloves, and he missed one spot. He’d adjusted the rearview and left a bright and shiny, wrapped with a bow, present for the forensics team.”
“And?” Derek said.
“Hang tight,” Adam said. “I’m sending you what we have.”

Chapter 24


Sabrina logged onto her email program. “Is it secure? This is a public network, after all.”
“If Adam’s sending it, he’s made sure it is. Also, it’s not easy for the average Joe to eavesdrop. Adam already ascertained you didn’t have any malware or spy programs on your computer. I’ll also bet he’s not going to send anything he wouldn’t want the bad guys to know.”
A soft chime came from her laptop. “Okay, I’ve got a message. It’s a picture.”
Derek sat beside her, thigh to thigh, heat radiating from his body like a hot summer day. Or was it heat coming from her? Despite her knowing it was so he could see the laptop screen, his arm around her sent ripples of delight to all her female parts. She clicked to open the attachment. As she did, a ding indicating a text message came from her phone. From Adam.
She opened the message. You are looking at Harlan Lowrey.
“Wasn’t that the guy you—Blackthorne—thought was George and Vlad’s contact?” she asked Derek.
He cleared his throat, his voice even more rumbly than usual. “Yep.”
Another text. Before she opened it, Sabrina set her phone to vibrate. She didn’t need dirty looks from other patrons of the café if it rang. Adam’s message said Here’s the man who came to Cecily’s house.
A second email, this one a computer generated drawing. Cecily must have worked with a sketch artist. Sabrina wondered how much Adam or the cowboys had told Cecily. Was the charade about being on the run from an ex-fiancé over? Or were they maintaining that story, and had asked Cecily to describe the man, saying her ex had sent him to drag her back?
She studied the image, thinking this would be the kind of man Peter—if he existed—would have sent after her. Beneath the brim of his ball cap, he had narrow, menacing eyes, a pig-like nose, and a scar running from outside his left eye down to the corner of his mouth in a jagged arc. She wondered why Cecily had written him off as a mere “directions needer.” If he’d shown up at Sabrina’s door, she’d never have opened it, much less talked to the man.
Would she have been this creeped out if he’d shown up before John had died, before meeting Derek and Adam?
The next text said What do you see? and another email came through, with two pictures. The first picture showed the two men alongside one another. The second was the man with the ball cap, but it had been removed in this picture. The scar was gone, too. Even the nose was narrower. But the eyes. They were the same.
“I’ll be a—” Derek slid the laptop closer. “They’re the same person.”
He grabbed Sabrina’s phone and texted Adam.
Sabrina looked more closely, filled with skepticism. “I don’t see it,” Sabrina said. “It looks like someone Photoshopped the image to make it match the first one.”
“Ripley is an expert at disguises. Stage makeup, appliances to change the shape of his cheeks, his nose, add the scar. But the computer programs can see past that.”
“If you say so.” She still had her doubts, but her phone vibrated, quashing those thoughts.
Bingo, Adam sent back. Here’s the kicker. The driver of the Corvette was ID’d as Hugh Lacrosse. Prints match Harlan Lowrey. Another Ripley alias.
Her mouth dropped open as she read the text. “Let me get this straight. The car that clipped me on my way to find you was stolen from a little old lady. By the same guy who met George and Vlad, came to Cecily’s house, and was following us this morning?”
“Appears to be,” Derek said.
“And he’s the Ripley who’s been doing dastardly deeds and evading the cops for who knows how long?”
He tapped her on the chin. “Ever so dastardly.”
Their server approached and set their food in front of them. “I’ll be back with more coffee,” he said.
Once the server had left, Sabrina moved the laptop away and tasted her eggs. Not bad. As she sopped up a puddle of perfectly done yolks with a corner of her toast, she was glad she hadn’t insisted on a fast-food drive-through. Between the food and the news, she felt they were making progress.
“Should you tell Adam to notify the local authorities they might have someone bigger than a car thief in custody?” she asked.
Derek set his cell phone on the table next to his plate. “Already done.” He picked up his fork and poured syrup atop his pancakes. And his sausage. She’d made a mental note of his preferences before she realized she wouldn’t be cooking for him anymore.
The server topped off their coffees, dropped the check on the table, and said, “Whenever you’re ready. Take your time.”
Sabrina had finished her eggs before Derek was half done with his breakfast. He’d eaten one of his three pancakes and hardly touched his sausages.
“Are they that bad?” she asked. “My eggs were excellent.”
“No, they’re fine. Must be the excitement of catching this guy. Not as hungry as I thought I was.”
“So what happens next? For you, I mean. You can drop me at a car rental place so you can get to the ranch and do whatever you or Adam need.” Although it made sense for them to go their separate ways at this point, inside, she longed for these last few hours with him. But no matter what her emotions screamed at her, she needed to be fair, and give him the chance to get home without feeling any obligation. It’s not like they were lifelong friends.
“I’ve already told you. The ranch can manage one day without me, and Adam has no right to need me for anything. I don’t work for him or Blackthorne.” His voice tapered off, he coughed, and reached for his water. After drinking half of it, he went on. “The cops have Lowrey, or Lacrosse, or whoever he might be, and they’ll handle it.”
“I thought you said the cops messed things up, or took too long, or might cause panic, which is why you—”
“Adam,” he interrupted. “Not me.”
“Okay, Adam wanted to avoid going to them.”
“The idea was to keep the press from getting hold of what we thought was a biological weapon, or contaminated vaccines, and scaring half the country into a panic. Now that they have Ripley in custody, they should be able to find out what he was involved in.”
“Do you think they’ll be able to connect him to the vandalism of my car—my car, not the one I borrowed from Merry? And the emails, and phone calls, and the break-ins?”
“I’m sure they’ll look into it.”
“Then, if you’re not going to finish your breakfast, and you don’t want to go to the ranch, can we hit the road? After I use the restroom.”
He took another bite of pancake, swallowed, coughed, and took another drink of water. “I need a pit stop, too. Meet you at the rear entrance.”
After leaving some bills and the check under his coffee mug, Derek headed toward the restroom sign. Sabrina packed her laptop, reset her phone to ring, and headed in that direction as well.
She finished, then made sure her hat was pulled low enough to hide her face—on the off chance that Harlan, or whoever he was, had sent an accomplice after them. She wandered to the rear door and stepped outside to wait.
Derek appeared, a smile crossing his face as he saw her. She stood, returned his smile. Offered her hand. It had been nice pretending to be lovers, and she wanted to enjoy the sensations—feeling his closeness, his heat—for a while longer. Never mind she’d rather be running for the Honda, peeling rubber away from here and getting onto the Interstate and home.
He took her hand, and they strolled toward his car. “Sorry to keep you waiting. I had a couple of calls to make.”
As they neared the Honda, Derek’s grip on her hand tightened. He yanked her in another direction.



Derek jogged into an alley, tugging Sabrina with him.
“What are you doing?” she said in a stage whisper.
He slowed, stopped beside a wooden shed. He caught his breath, his lungs feeling like his first days at altitude. Too much bookkeeping. “Being cautious. There was a guy hanging around the Honda. I didn’t want to get too close.”
Sabrina peered around the shed. “I can see your car from here,” she whispered. “The man is still there.”
He pulled her backward. If she could see the man, odds were he could see her.
The aspen leaves danced in the wind, creating a curtain effect, so Derek didn’t think he and Sabrina were conspicuous. Because he hadn’t wanted to worry her, he’d left his Kimber in the glove box when they’d stopped for breakfast. The odds of needing it on the streets of Manitou were slim. If someone had wanted to kill Sabrina, they’d have done it at the ranch.
Whatever they thought she might have had, they wanted her alive.
“Let me see,” he said. “If it is a cohort of Ripley’s, he’s more likely looking for you.” Derek angled along the shed until he saw the man. Six-foot at least. Broad shoulders. Jeans, hiking boots. Not appropriate footwear for giving chase, which was a good sign. Wearing a red long-sleeved shirt. Not a good choice for camouflage, another good sign. But an untucked shirt, hanging over his waist, a handy way to conceal a weapon, not such a good sign. However, this was Colorado, so even if he was carrying a weapon, all it meant was he had a permit. Maybe.
“Pooksie, would you hurry up?” The man’s voice, thin and reedy, carried in the breeze. He waggled an extended hand. Attached to a leash. Attached to a dust-mop of a dog, which came bounding out of the bushes. 
“Took you long enough,” the man said. The two of them continued down the block, away from Derek’s Honda.
Derek suppressed a laugh. “False alarm. Coast is clear.” As they walked to the car, he told Sabrina about the dog. “That had to be his wife’s mutt.”
She cocked her head, turned her smoky-gray eyes at him. “Jumping to conclusions? Imposing your preferences onto someone else? Thinking in stereotypes?”
“All right, I concede. It’s possible I was wrong. But what man names a dog Pooksie?”
Derek took a different route to the highway, still eyeing his mirrors. The food, water, and caffeine had whittled his headache down to a dull throb behind his eyes. Once he was on the Interstate, he relaxed, and Sabrina seemed more at ease as well.
“Did you talk to Cecily?” she asked. “About the Albuquerque Police and Tanya?”
“I did, but she doesn’t have anything yet.”
“But she told them to hold her until I got there, right?”
Derek’s headache squeezed the base of his neck. “Look, she’s doing what she can. If you want to call her, be my guest.”
“Fine.” She took off her Stetson and placed it on the backseat next to his, folded her arms across her chest, and stared out the window.
Fine herself. He let her sulk. What was he supposed to do? He wasn’t a cop, but he’d spent enough time in the military to know how slowly things happened, which was one of the reasons he’d quit and joined Blackthorne. The bump in pay hadn’t hurt, either. If Cecily had any information, Derek knew Sabrina would be her first call.
She reached into her pack and pulled out her phone, but instead of making any calls or sending texts, she placed it in the side door pocket. She rummaged around in her pack some more and brought out a small notebook and a pen, which she clicked open and closed while she worked her teeth over her lower lip.
“You going to write something?” he asked, more to take his mind off his returning headache than because he cared. Which was an outright lie, because he did care.
She wrote something, crossed it out, wrote some more, tore out the page and crumpled it into a ball. She made more notes, but because she had turned away from him, it was impossible to see what they were.
Hoping he wouldn’t lose his man card, he broke the silence. “I’m sorry I snapped. I know you’re worried.”
She scrawled something else in her little book, then slammed it shut and returned it to her pack.
“Apology accepted,” she said, but went back to staring out the window. Mad at him, or worried about Tanya? Either way, it was going to be a long drive.
The silence continued until they hit Pueblo traffic. He checked the gas gauge. Under half a tank. Stop now? Once they left the city, fuel stops were few and far between, not to mention more expensive. He took the next exit and found the advertised service station. “I’m going to fill up now. If you want anything from the mini-mart, or want to use the facilities, this is a good time.”
“I’ve driven this road, remember. I know how far it is between exits.”
At least she was talking.
She disappeared—with her pack—into the convenience store while he filled the tank. At the pump on the other side of his island, a man filled a gas can, sloshing gas as he did. The fumes aggravated Derek’s headache and irritated his eyes and throat. The lousy night’s sleep he’d had didn’t help. He went inside to pay and use the men’s room. Sabrina was in line with bottled water and a large bag of peanut M&Ms. Wouldn’t have been his choice. Then again, why was he assuming she intended to share?
He found the restrooms, took care of things, then browsed the snack aisle on his way to pay for the gas. Nothing appealed, but he got trail mix and a packet of peppermints.
He paid, went to the car, where Sabrina waited. He sacrificed another piece of his man card. “Would you mind driving to the next exit? Late nights and early mornings have caught up with me.”
She shrugged. “No problem.” But there was a quirk to the corner of her mouth that said she was glad to be the one behind the wheel. They switched sides, and he waited while she adjusted the seat and mirrors.
Reminding himself she’d grown up around cars, he let her get a feel for the vehicle without pointing out any of its idiosyncrasies. Within a couple of minutes, they were on the Interstate, heading—at a good clip—for Albuquerque.
He leaned his head back and succumbed to the lull of the road sounds.
When he opened his eyes, Sabrina was relaxed at the wheel, moving with traffic. He checked the next road sign. Blinked. Sat upright. That couldn’t be right. They couldn’t be approaching Santa Fe already.
Sabrina turned to him and smiled. “Have a nice nap?”
When he tried to respond, his voice was a croak.

Chapter 25


Sabrina tried not to laugh as Derek struggled to return to the land of the awake. He’d crashed almost as soon as she’d hit the Interstate. She assumed he’d needed the sleep and hadn’t had the heart to wake him at the first exit. While he slept, she’d checked the mirrors and changed lanes occasionally, but hadn’t noticed anything suspicious. Then again, if someone was following, they’d be smart enough to avoid doing anything suspicious, wouldn’t they?
Derek swiped a hand across his face. Cleared his throat. “I thought we were going to switch at the next exit.”
His voice rasped, thick with sleep. A strangely arousing sound. She wondered if he sounded like that every time he woke up.
She shrugged. “You were asleep. I was awake.”
“I’m awake now. We can swap.”
“It’s no bother. I enjoy driving. It’s about an hour and a half to Albuquerque, and I know my way around. I called Cecily, and she said the Albuquerque police will hold Tanya until six. We should be there in time.” She glanced at him again, trying to decipher his expression. “Or did you need a pit stop? I’m thinking it would be smarter to fill up now, before we run into city traffic.”
Derek took a drink of water, then reached into the bag from the convenience store in Pueblo. “Next available would be good.” He pulled out a bag of mints, popped one into his mouth and offered her the bag.
“No, thanks.” She pointed to the open bag of candy in the console. “I’m fine.”
He glanced at his cell phone. “Four hours? I have never slept four hours in the middle of the day.”
“Then you must have needed it.”
“Crap.” He fumbled with his phone.
Her pulse jumped. “What? Is there a problem?”
“Missed some calls. I didn’t turn the ringer on after we stopped for breakfast. I don’t know where my brain is. I’m normally much more together.”
“Given what’s been going on, I can understand. Eventually, your body insists on recharging.” She waited, not patiently, while he retrieved his messages, trying to read his expression. She might not know him well, but there was no question the news he was getting wasn’t good.
“What?”
He flapped his hand in dismissal, punching buttons on his phone. “Adam.” A pause. “Yeah, I know. You have Sabrina’s number.” A pause. “You don’t think she’s already in the loop?” Another pause. “Fine. Explain.”
After that, it was all what? when? how? you’re sure? Sabrina’s foot weighed heavier on the accelerator. Why couldn’t Derek have put his phone on speaker? Didn’t she deserve to know what was going on?
When he disconnected, Sabrina swore he’d gone three shades of pale under his tan. He opened his passenger window, and the traffic noises intruded.
“Tell me,” she demanded.
“Ten more cases of the respiratory infection. And it’s no longer confined to the resorts. It’s popped up in three more cities. And these are the reported cases. The symptoms look very flu-like, so infected people might stay home and ride it out.”
Keeping her eyes focused straight ahead, she ran the possibilities through her head. “Do you think people from the resorts went home and transmitted the disease, or do you think someone has a supply of this virus and is spreading it around?”
When Derek didn’t respond, she flipped on her blinker and moved to the right lane in case she’d need to exit. “They’ve ruled out it’s poison, right? Because poisons don’t spread from person to person, do they? Or is there a possibility they’ve managed to poison these different groups of people and they’re not contagious?”
Derek leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes for several heartbeats. When he opened them and sat upright, his lips were flattened and his eyes narrowed. “It’s a disease. Adam reports the CDC has a number of different viruses that would cause these symptoms.” He closed his eyes again and inhaled. “The labs were trying to keep this under the radar, but their supplies were compromised.”
Her heart thumped faster. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It’s complicated.”
Sabrina glared at him. “Thank you, Professor. I’ll do my best to follow, and I’ll ask questions if I don’t understand.”
“It’s not just that. Adam mentioned one of the victims was local, asked if I knew him.” Derek paused, seemed to be regrouping. “It’s KJ. The cowboy who brought back our cattle this morning. Turns out he was in Steamboat a couple of days ago, and as of two hours ago, he’s been hospitalized with the same symptoms.”
Gooseflesh rippled down her arms. The hair at the nape of her neck rose to attention. “You were with KJ this morning, weren’t you?”
“In his pickup, windows closed, which made for close quarters. He was coughing and sneezing, complaining of allergies.”
“But you didn’t tell Adam?”
“Not yet.”
“You have to. You might have exposed him, too. And what about the rest of your hands. And your sister?”
“KJ wasn’t in contact with any of them. I was with Adam, but just for a few minutes.” He turned to face the window, then looked back. “And you. You can drop me off at the nearest hospital. I can touch base with Adam from there.”
“I think we should go to Albuquerque, which has better medical facilities.” And that would give her a little more time to think. Was Derek contagious—assuming he was infected? “If KJ didn’t show symptoms until today, doesn’t that mean there’s a longer incubation period? In which case, it would take a while for the virus to build up enough to do its thing.”
“Adam doesn’t have those kinds of answers. But once it takes hold, things go downhill fast.”
“You’re young. You’re strong. You’re healthy—overall, I mean. Maybe it won’t take hold—and that’s assuming you’ve got any of those virus bugs in you to begin with.”
“But if I do, I should get out of here, away from you, as soon as possible. There’s no need for you to get sick because of me.”
“I’m willing to risk being with you for another hour. If you’ve already given me the disease—and there’s no way of knowing you even have it—it’s not going to matter.”
After a quick stop at the next gas station, Sabrina got behind the wheel. “I know where we’re going.” When he didn’t protest, she eyed him, looking for any signs he wasn’t feeling well.
He seemed to sense her scrutiny. “I’m all right.”
Once on the Interstate, she picked up the conversation where they’d left off. “This virus. Is there a cure? I know antibiotics don’t kill viruses, but surely anyone playing around with nasty germs must have an antidote or vaccine. A way to handle a mishap. And you didn’t explain how this happened.” She glanced his way. “Aren’t these places secure, like six ways from Sunday?”
The corners of Derek’s mouth twitched for a second. “Maybe in this case, only five ways from Sunday. But it’s possible. The hard part is getting in. Once you’ve done that—with bribes, or contacts on the inside—getting the virus out can be as simple as putting a sample in your pocket. In fact, they call this scenario V.I.P. Vial in Pocket.”
“But you’d still need to grow it, wouldn’t you? I mean, if the thief took a lot, it would be much more noticeable, and the lab people would take action. But if the thief takes a little and gets it to multiply, then he’d end up with enough to infect a lot of people.”
“You do have a devious mind. But you’re right. That’s probably how it was done.”
“Would this Ripley person have the skills to cultivate the virus? Wouldn’t that take a fancy setup?”
“The scary thing is Ripley wouldn’t need to have the skills himself, just the contacts. And those, I’m afraid, he does have.”
Sabrina’s hands grew clammy on the steering wheel. Her mouth went dry. “The first outbreak. The one that was a stomach thing. People died from that one. Are people dying from this other one, too?”
“No.”
Sabrina’s relief was short-lived when Derek added, “Not yet, anyway.”
His phone rang. He swiped his finger across the screen. “Talk to me.”



Listening to Adam’s update, Derek’s gut bounced like a ride on a world class bull. For a moment, he panicked, wondering if he’d contracted both of these new viruses. Was that why he’d had no appetite at breakfast? Yet nobody he’d encountered recently had been to a resort where the gastrointestinal virus had made itself known.
“Apparently Ripley had a change of heart,” Adam was saying. “Or he figured he’d get a better deal if he cooperated with the cops. When they searched his motel room, they found all of Sabrina’s stuff.”
Sabrina, her hands clenching the wheel, shot him a glance. “Speaker?”
He nodded, switched the phone settings, and told Adam the conversation now included Sabrina. She already knew enough, so it would make her feel better to be included, although he wasn’t sure there were any good feelings to go along with whatever Adam had to say.
She listened to Adam recap what he’d told Derek. “My stuff? All of it?”
“Can’t be sure, but there was a suitcase with clothes and personal stuff.”
“What about my recipes?”
“One blue binder,” Adam said.
“That’s them.” Relieved she wouldn’t have to recreate them from memory, Sabrina focused on the more important. “My journals?” One part of her wished Ripley had thrown the journals away—the thought of someone as creepy as he was reading them turned her stomach. But another part wanted to have them back, all the memories of her life.
“They were there, along with John’s. Yours were in the suitcase, but his were lying on the desk. As if Ripley’d been studying them. We can’t be sure they were all there. Do you remember how many there were?”
“John had six,” Sabrina said. “I can’t give you an exact count of mine.”
“Did you ask Ripley what he found, if anything, when he read them?” Derek asked.
“This was all in the hands of the cops. All they got out of him was the journals were the useless ramblings of a child.”
“I sense a but,” Derek said.
“You sense well, wise one. I have them now, and they will be in the hands of our lab gurus by tomorrow morning.”
“Wait,” Sabrina worried her lower lip. “I want to see them. I might be able to tell if anything doesn’t sound like John. I wasn’t thinking of it before—I skimmed bits of them—but if they hold a clue to anything, maybe I’ll recognize it.”
“The lady makes sense,” Derek said.
Sabrina shot him another glare. Along with her lip chewing, Derek was beginning to like her other little quirks.
“But the lady isn’t going to turn around and go to Colorado now,” she said. “Why don’t you overnight the journals to me and have one of your lab gurus come to Albuquerque? I’ll look at John’s journals, see if anything jumps out, and then your Blackthorne wizard can take it from there. Or, I can overnight it to them.”
After a prolonged silence, Adam spoke. “Give me an address.”
Sabrina recited it, and Derek sensed a boatload of tension floating away like clouds on a windy afternoon. Now, if only this virus thing were as easy to deal with as the journals.
“What else did you get out of Ripley?” Derek asked. “Such as why he’s doing this.”
“He’s being decidedly closed-mouthed. Money is my assumption, but he won’t say who’s paying him. He’s an implementer, not an instigator.”
“And nobody’s taking credit?” Sabrina asked.
“Not yet. Our theory is this is early days, and we want to keep it contained before it gets worse,” Adam said.
Much as Derek wanted to ignore his involuntary connection to this mess, he needed to know how much danger he was in. And, more worrisome, how much danger he’d put Sabrina in. She’d stumbled into this more by accident than anything else, and it wasn’t right she should be at risk. His previous work put him in danger as a matter of course, both in the Rangers and with Blackthorne. But he’d known that going in. It was part of the package. Not that he’d ever expected to buy it once he’d returned to the safe life of ranching.
Just goes to prove there’s no such thing as the safe life.
“Tell me everything you’ve got on the respiratory infection,” Derek said. “Incubation, transmission, symptoms, prognosis.”
“Starts like a cold, from what I’ve heard. But I don’t see why that matters,” Adam said. “What’s important is finding the source of both viruses. As of now, no deaths from the respiratory variety. If both outbreaks are the work of whatever Ripley is involved with, the GI infections are the ones with fatalities. That’s where we should be focusing our attention. That, and sweating Ripley to tell us who he’s working for.”
Sabrina leaned toward the phone. Derek touched her hand, put a finger to his lips, and shook his head.
“You don’t want me to tell him?” she whispered. “Why?”
“Not yet.” His headache had all but disappeared. He swallowed, testing his throat. A little tight. Took a deep breath. No problem. What were the odds that twenty minutes in a pickup cab with KJ was enough to give him this disease? Or that Derek had passed it to Adam? Why start a panic? According to Adam, there weren’t many cases, so it couldn’t be that contagious. He needed answers.
“Has the CDC contacted all the labs dealing in virulent organisms?” Derek asked. “How many different viruses were taken? Did the thefts all come from one place? Was it an experiment? Or Phase One of something bigger?”
“Gotta love your logical mind, Professor. Between the local cops, Uncle Sam, the CDC, and Blackthorne, we’re working on covering all those bases.”
“Working on being the operative phrase,” Derek said. “I’ve been in on these multi-agency missions, remember? I see a bunch of disjointed efforts with nobody talking to anyone, a lot of duplication, and a lot of gaps where everyone thinks someone else is covering it.”
And those gaps get people killed.
Sabrina glowered with enough ice to make him shiver. Or was that a symptom, too?
“I’m not going to argue your points,” Adam said. “However the boss can be vocal, and by including Blackthorne in the mix, there will be a core group to whom everyone reports, and all updates should be shared. I’ll get the journals to the Post Office on my way to the airport.”
Sabrina’s eyes widened in alarm. “If he’s a carrier, he can’t get on a plane,” she whispered. “You have to tell him. Or I will.”
She was right. Damn it. Not telling anyone he might be infected—and Derek was still optimistically thinking might—so he could be part of the investigation was wrong. And since when did he want to be part of the investigation? He didn’t, and that’s why he was here, zipping past Santa Fe on his way to Albuquerque with Sabrina, and not at the ranch.
But you are involved. And you don’t want spreading a potential epidemic on your head.
“Adam, ask Cecily to go to the Post Office.”
“What are you talking about? And why are you giving me orders?” Adam’s voice was a cross between indignation and incredulity.
Derek explained. Silence. He went on. “First, we need to know how this thing spreads, and how fast. Until then, consider yourself a living virus incubator.”
“I was only with you for a couple of minutes between the time you were with KJ and the time you and Sabrina left. Nothing spreads that fast,” Adam said, but Derek detected doubt in the man’s tone.
“Are you willing to risk it? If anything, you should be more motivated to light some fires. We’ll be in Albuquerque within the hour. Get me something on whether I’m contagious before then.” Derek disconnected.
“Well? Is he going to do something?” Sabrina asked.
“Aside from making calls, there’s not much he can do. Although I have a feeling he’d love to go to the police station where they’re holding Ripley and wring answers out of him.”
“I have to say I feel the same way. Except for the getting to Tanya before they cart her off to jail thing, which is my first priority.” She goosed the accelerator.
“Getting a speeding ticket won’t help,” Derek said.
Sabrina tilted her head. “Unless I let them chase me right to the police station.”
Derek wasn’t sure she was kidding. But she eased off the gas.
She worked her upper teeth across her lower lip. He took inventory of his body for any potential symptoms. Started like a cold, Adam had said. Derek couldn’t remember his last cold. That was a good thing. Meant he had a healthy immune system.
Sabrina tapped the steering wheel with her fingertips. “I still think something’s off. If whoever’s behind this wanted to kill a bunch of people, or start an epidemic, why not Ebola, or one of those other evil diseases? Why something like the stomach flu or a respiratory infection? And why start it in tiny resort towns in Colorado? Why not Grand Central Station, or an international airport?”
“Maybe their goal isn’t to kill a bunch of people. Maybe it’s to show they can. Could be, they’re still testing. Whoever took the virus—or who’s spreading it—might not know how it works.”
“Why steal something if you don’t know what it’ll do? If that was the case, what if they had taken Ebola?”
“My guess is these less-virulent ones weren’t kept under the same kind of security,” Derek said.
She did that lip thing again. If he was feeling those below-the-belt stirrings, maybe he wasn’t sick after all. If that’s what she did when she was thinking, he’d have to make sure he gave her a lot to ponder.
“Do you think they took something … mild … and are planning to mutate it into something really nasty?” she asked.
“I have no clue whether that’s even possible.”
“Adam said nobody’s died from this second bug, right?”
Derek hoped it would stay that way. “So far.”
“And the first cases showed up after the stomach virus, right?”
“I think so, yes.”
Sabrina seemed to be considering possibilities before she spoke. “So, maybe it is a warning. They had second thoughts when they found out people had died, and switched to the respiratory one, which is non-lethal.”
“So far,” he repeated, liking her theory on a purely personal level. And there was something he could do from here. He reached for his phone. Scrolled through his contacts. Punched in his friend’s number.
“Morgan? Derek Cooper. I need a favor.”

Chapter 26


While Derek was on the phone, Sabrina tried to ignore his conversation, most of which seemed to be coming from the other end. He’d tell her when he was done. Instead, she tried to untangle the thoughts whirling through her brain. What was the worst case scenario? Derek would have the virus, and because she’d spent hours in a small, enclosed space with him, breathing the same air, she’d get it, too. But she was aware of the possibility, and could get medical attention at the onset of symptoms.
What kind of medical attention, though? There wasn’t a cure. What did they do for people hospitalized with severe cases of the flu? She wasn’t in any at-risk categories. Not old, not pregnant, no immune deficiencies, in overall good health. And, after a quick assessment of how she felt, no symptoms of anything resembling a cold.
Was she being selfish, putting herself first? Doing what she wanted to do right now, which was take care of Tanya? What about others? What if she walked into the police station and spread the germs to everyone she came in contact with? What about the people at the restaurant where they ate breakfast? And what about Tanya? Nothing like yanking her out of that frying pan and shoving her under the broiler.
After Derek disconnected, she gave him to a count of five to fill her in. When he hadn’t said anything, she shifted her attention from the road, where traffic was slowing, to him. He stared at his phone, motionless. Eyes wide, jaw slack. When he moved, it was to bow his head and pinch the bridge of his nose.
Dealing with the Big I stack interchange where I 25 met I 40 required her attention, but when traffic slowed to a crawl, she rested her hand on Derek’s thigh. “What happened?”
“KJ. They’re not sure he’s going to live.”
Her heart filled her throat. “From the infection?” What else could it be? Not like he’d get run over by a bus in the hospital.
“I called a friend. He’s a nurse in intensive care and he knows everything that goes on in the hospital. He said KJ was responding to treatment, and then, for no determinable reason, things went south. He’s on a ventilator. High fever. In and out of consciousness.”
Sabrina imagined Derek lying in a hospital bed, a machine breathing for him. Not the image she wanted to be dealing with right now. “Is he the only one? Maybe he was extra-susceptible to the virus.”
“As far as I know he was healthy enough, except for his allergies. My friend also said the medical community is aware of the outbreak, and they’re trying to put together a timeline. See if they can pinpoint when and how he got the virus. Trouble is, by the time they realized he was one of the victims, he was already incoherent.”
“But they’re working on it with all the other cases, right? Someone must be able to piece things together.”
“I’m going to call Adam and see what fires he can light.”
“Given you scared him when you told him he might be carrying the virus, I’d think he’d be using a flamethrower to get information.”
“That only works if the information is out there.”
Sabrina exited the freeway and headed for the police station while Derek made the call. “Can you ask Adam about the risk of going inside?”
Derek raised a wait a minute finger. Sabrina nudged him. Why was he incapable of remembering to use the speaker? She was as involved as he was. “Speaker.” She added a please, but there was nothing polite in her tone.
“I will, I will. He’s not answering.”
“We’re almost there. If he doesn’t answer, I’m going in.” She thought about what she’d do once Tanya was released. Was the Honda a breeding ground for nasty viruses? Or were they still multiplying away in Derek’s bloodstream, waiting for their numbers to reach some critical, infectious level? She tried to remember the biology class she’d taken in high school, but the memories were more like threads of spun sugar.
Could she take Tanya in a cab? Let Derek meet her at her apartment? That might cut down on exposure for her.
Adam’s voice finally came across Derek’s phone. Derek told Adam what he’d learned from his nurse friend. Adam responded with what the CDC was saying about the virus.
“There were security breaches at one facility about two months ago. Two virus strains were taken, the cause of the current outbreaks. The weak link, a disgruntled clerk, took his payoff and left the country six weeks ago and is living in Tahiti. Authorities are questioning him. However, although he admits to wrongdoing, he has no knowledge of the viruses or how they work. He claims all he did was follow directions—given anonymously, of course—about which samples to take and how to transport them. They were stolen from a storage chamber, where viruses are stockpiled for research into vaccines.”
“Does that bring us back to the anti-vaxxers?” Sabrina asked.
“Not necessarily,” Adam said. “The working hypothesis, based on more questioning of Ripley—who, naturally denies any personal involvement—is the people behind this want to demonstrate how it wouldn’t take much for a terrorist group to steal more deadly bugs and spread them around the world. They want all stockpiled viruses destroyed. Of course, the counterargument is by having these bugs around for research, we can create vaccines should such a threat be implemented.”
“Since they know what viruses were taken, they should know what the viruses do,” Derek said.
“Assuming they haven’t mutated, or been doctored to do something else,” Adam said. “Also because these are viruses, not bacteria, it requires a more sophisticated setup to keep things growing. The CDC is following leads to locate where the viruses were cultivated.”
Sabrina turned into the parking lot at the police station and found a visitor slot. She switched off the ignition. “My question for right now is, are we—either one of us—contagious? Can we be spreading the disease if we have contact with people?”
“You can be contagious a day before your symptoms appear,” Adam said. “But based on what they’ve seen from the victims—remember, this is a new strain, so these are estimates—it’s got a two to four day incubation period.”
Derek’s exhale of relief was as uplifting as a baby’s laughter.
Sabrina grabbed her small purse from the backpack and opened her door. “You two can keep filling each other in. I’m going to get Tanya.”
Inside the police station, Sabrina approached the desk. When she gave the clerk her name and Tanya’s, the clerk had Sabrina fill out forms, then directed her to take a seat in a small waiting area. As she sat in an uncomfortable plastic chair, she ran through what she would say to Tanya. Given how many hours she’d had to devise a plan, her mind drew a blank. Everything had been about getting here, not what she’d do once she arrived.
She couldn’t reward Tanya for her belligerent email, or for ditching school. She’d hoped being locked up would show Tanya the consequences of not staying on the right path. Sabrina had never told Tanya about Lourdes. About how she’d thought she could fend for herself, didn’t need anyone. Would it help, or make Tanya want to take that path to prove she could survive? Take the fast buck instead of the hard work?
Sabrina was still fighting the regrets and the failure when an officer escorted Tanya through a door at the far end of the room. Her student wore torn jeans, a dirty gray t-shirt, and damn it all, a red bandana on her head. Tanya wearing gang colors?
Sabrina stood. Almost rushed over, but stopped herself. Waited. She studied Tanya’s expression, her body language. She appeared years younger and years older at the same time. Despite her cinnamon-toned complexion, she seemed pale. Her spine was straight, her head high, but Sabrina saw the underlying fear before the relief that filled Tanya’s brown eyes.
“Next time, you’ll be on the bus to jail,” the officer said. “So let’s not have a next time, okay?”
Tanya met the officer’s gaze. “No, ma’am.”
Sabrina exhaled. She waited until the officer left. Waited to see if Tanya would speak first. Easier to follow her lead than say the wrong thing.
Tanya slumped, shifting from one foot to the other. She stared at the floor. Like the old Tanya.
Sabrina kept waiting.
Still gazing at the floor, Tanya’s quiet voice was barely audible. “You going to let me back in the school?”
Which, coming from Tanya, was both an apology and a plea for help.
“You going to show up every day even if I can’t be there?” Sabrina said.
“I suppose. But that other teacher, she’s—”
“She’s what?” Sabrina took Tanya’s elbow and led her to a chair in the corner. “Sit. And take off that rag.”
Tanya’s eyes popped wide at Sabrina’s tone, which was a blend of aggravation, frustration and no little bit of anger. Not one she used when she was teaching.
Tanya yanked the bandana off her head and sat, hard and heavy. “Don’t mean nothin’.”
“So you say, but that’s not how others are going to see it. Don’t ask for trouble.” Sabrina stared into the chocolate brown eyes of her student. Tanya’s Latino father and African-American mother had bestowed her with exotic good looks, but in Tanya’s neighborhood, it was all-or-nothing when it came to ethnicity. Sabrina understood Tanya’s need to fit in somewhere, but not in a gang. No matter which way she went, she’d be an expendable misfit.
Sabrina sat beside her student. “You want to make it in this world, you take what comes at you. Some things you can fix, others you can’t. The secret—and it’s really not a secret at all—is figuring out which is which and dealing with it. I’m going to take you home, and you’re going to be in class tomorrow. I may be teaching, or it might be Chef Renae. Either way, you’re going to give it your best, and watch your attitude. You end up here again, you’re on your own.”
Sabrina knew she wouldn’t follow through on the threat, but all that mattered was for Tanya to believe it.



After disconnecting to let Adam get back to his intel-gathering, Derek stared at his phone contact list. If this turned into something ugly, his family deserved to know. But if it was a false alarm, why worry them?
Since everyone had eaten breakfast together, Adam had already put the cowboys and Cecily on alert. Even if Derek had spread the virus to Adam, there was no way Adam could have passed it to them. Yet.
What if the virus had mutated so the incubation period had shortened? Would it spread faster? Why had KJ taken sick so rapidly?
Questions without answers, or the way to find them, made his jaw clench. But the way KJ had thought he was having an allergy attack in the morning, and by evening was fighting for his life, made Derek wonder if the people who had hired Ripley had created multiple strains of the bugs they’d stolen. Adam had said the viruses had been stolen two months ago. Plenty of time to alter their effects. The thief had been in Tahiti for six weeks. Nothing Derek did, whether from the ranch or here in New Mexico, would impact the search for a cure.
For now, until John’s journals arrived, waiting was the only option.
A flicker of motion caught his eye, and he set the phone aside. Despite the short time he’d interacted with her, Derek recognized Sabrina’s walk at first glance. Other options besides waiting occurred to him—or at least a part of him. He shook them off. The young woman shuffling beside Sabrina must be Tanya. Was she going to stay with Sabrina? Not if Sabrina thought she could transmit the virus. For that matter, where was he going to stay? A hotel room made sense until he thought about how many people he’d come in contact with.
Sabrina’s smile as she approached the car seemed forced. She rested her hand on the driver’s side passenger door handle. Although her voice was lowered, Derek had no trouble hearing her words to Tanya. “Remember what I said.”
Tanya bent over and peered into the car. “That is who you go to see?” A smile revealed a row of teeth, white against her coppery complexion. “I understand now.” She pushed Sabrina’s hand out of the way and opened the door.
Sabrina frowned. “I told you, I met him in Colorado for the first time. I came back for you.”
Tanya’s smile turned into a wide grin. “But you bring him with you. I can see why.” She shoved the two Stetsons aside, and slid into the seat. “I’m Tanya.”
“Derek,” he said.
Sabrina got behind the wheel and started the car. “We’re taking Tanya home now,” she said, glaring over her shoulder at her passenger. “Buckle up.”
Sabrina must have prepared Tanya for what was going to happen, because Tanya rolled her big, brown eyes his way as she followed Sabrina’s directive. “I could practice my cooking lessons. Make you dinner. Chef Sabrina says I’m good.”
“Another time,” Sabrina said.
She pulled out of the parking lot and didn’t say another word until they’d dropped Tanya off at a dingy adobe apartment complex. “Tomorrow. In school. Right?”
“Right.” Tanya flashed him another smile and sauntered along the dusty remains of a flagstone pathway. Sabrina didn’t pull away, but waited until Tanya had entered the building.
“You find out anything else?” Sabrina asked once they were underway. “Is your friend okay?”
He sensed the concern, but figured it was more about what might happen to them, not KJ’s condition, she was worried about.
“No change last I heard,” he said. “We’re in a holding pattern. Nothing we can do. Did you straighten Tanya out?”
“I sure hope so. Her mother was laid off, and Tanya was afraid she couldn’t stay in school, that she’d have to quit and get a job.”
“I take it she didn’t get picked up for job hunting,” Derek said.
“No, and I want to believe her when she says she was in the wrong place at the wrong time. They arrested a bunch of gang members, all repeat offenders, and those guys are going away. I think—I hope—she was scared enough to see that staying in school is her ticket out.”
“And that she has a friend—someone who cares enough to be there for her,” he said softly. “You did right by her.”
Sabrina’s silence hung in the car all the way to her apartment. After fishing a card from her wallet, she inserted it into the reader by the gate, which wheezed open. She drove into the underground structure, then paused. “Your car doesn’t have a permit. I’ll take a visitor’s slot.” She found an empty one about five cars down and across the aisle. 
“Does the garage have security cameras?”
She eased into the slot and killed the ignition. “No. The extent of building security is having to use a key card for the parking garage, which can be bypassed because at least three cars can get in before the gate closes. But I can’t afford a fancier, high-security building. Do you think we were followed? I checked, but I’m hardly a pro. I figured going to the police station would scare anyone off.”
“You’re probably right.”
“Probably, as in almost positive, or probably as in a little better than even odds?”
“I’d give it about eighty percent.”
“If everything that’s happened is related, then whoever these people are know where I live. It all started with a break-in, remember?”
“Point taken.” Derek motioned Sabrina to stay put, then took his Kimber from the glove box and tucked it and its holster into his jeans. Her attitude about guns radiated from her, but she didn’t object. “I want to look around,” he said.
Two cars entered the lot and drove past. “It’s everyone’s getting home from work time,” Sabrina said.
“You recognize those cars?”
“Yeah. They live here. Can we go inside? I’d feel safer in my apartment rather than sitting in my car.” She frowned. “Even if you do have a gun. And I want to touch base with Merry.”
Knowing he had no clue what any potential adversary would look like, Derek opened his door. He gave the garage a superficial once-over. Short of someone arriving earlier and hiding underneath a car, he didn’t think there was a danger.
“Speaking of Merry.” Sabrina shouldered her pack. “Is Blackthorne still providing security for her? Did they figure out whether she was being followed?”
“Adam didn’t say there were issues, so I’m thinking she’s fine.”
Why hadn’t Derek followed up? He knew Merry meant a lot to Sabrina. Not the same way Tanya did, but they were good friends. Too much going on? Addled brain? Too far removed from that way of thinking?
He fetched his go bag—that habit, always having a bag of essentials ready to go—hadn’t left him. Or had he been too lazy to unpack it?
What he needed was a way to turn off the constant buzzing in his head. He watched Sabrina’s ass as she preceded him to the elevator. When the doors shut, her scent filled the enclosed space. He enjoyed it for the brief ride to the third floor. He caught her elbow before she moved into the hallway. “Which apartment?”
“I’m in 317.”
He held out his palm. “Keys.”
Her eyebrows lifted. Her expression switched to concern, but she went through the keys on her ring and held one between thumb and forefinger, handing them over. But not without letting her fingers linger on his palm a few seconds longer than necessary.
He stopped her at her apartment door. “I’ll go in first.” He sucked air, shifted into surveillance mode. He’d been trained to do this stuff, damn it, and no lack of sleep, no impending viral infection, no woman with a scent that sent his blood supply south was going to interfere. He pressed his ear to the door. “Did you leave a radio or television on?”

Chapter 27


Sabrina half-stumbled backward when Derek shoved her behind him. “Are you sure it’s coming from inside my apartment? Sound bounces around in this building. Sometimes I hear—”
He cut her off with a shush. “Get to the stairwell,” he whispered. When he drew his gun, she darted off for the end of the hall.
Standing on the landing, door ajar, she tried to remember if she’d shut everything off when she’d dashed away. She’d had the television on, tuned to the news, but she hadn’t been paying attention as she hurried to get packed and let Merry and Renae know she had to leave. She remembered pausing in her entry way, taking one final glance at her apartment, wondering if she’d ever be able to come home. She’d have noticed if the television was on.
Blood pounded in her ears at the thought of Derek going into her apartment, finding someone, and shooting him. Or her. Bad guys came in both genders. She couldn’t stand here doing nothing. She opened the door wider, peering down the hall. Derek stood there, back against the wall, beside her door. What was he doing?
What he was trained to do, she supposed. Waiting to make his move.
She looked again. He was messing with his cell phone. Had he called the police? If she’d been here without him, she’d have done the same. And not from the hallway. From Merry’s. No. After everything that had been going on, she’d have high-tailed it to her car and called the cops from there.
He shoved his gun into its holster and looked her way. He jerked his head in a come here gesture, and she took a deep inhale, trying to slow her heart rate before joining him. When she reached his side, he took her hand. “Next time, get behind a closed door.”
“There’d better not be a next time. What’s going on?”
“I missed one of Adam’s texts, and since he assumed I’d seen it, he didn’t bother to fill me in. Blackthorne moved Merry to a safe house and one of their operatives is living in your place, pretending to be you.”
The door to her apartment opened, and a woman—taller than Sabrina, a blonde, but no purple—gestured them inside. Derek nudged Sabrina with a gentle touch at the small of her back, and she allowed this stranger to invite her into her own home. Sabrina hesitated in the entry, taking stock. Nothing out of place, no signs this woman had made herself too much at home. She dropped her pack next to Derek’s tote.
“I’m Erin,” the woman said. “Adam called. Said there was a communications snafu.”
“That one’s on me,” Derek said. “No excuses. How about a debriefing.”
“Not much to tell yet. The person following Merry wrote her off as not knowing anything, but there were still eyes on Sabrina’s apartment. I moved in, and have been waiting for him to make the next move.”
“You’re pretending to be me?” Sabrina swallowed. “You’re acting like bait?”
Erin hunched her shoulders. “It’s my assignment. But there’s backup in Merry’s apartment. Frankly, things have been dead around here. Everything’s focused on tracking the viruses.”
“What am I supposed to do? Where am I supposed to go?” Sabrina asked.
“We stay here,” Derek said. “Wait for the journals.” To Erin, he said, “You can go now. Stay at Merry’s place.”
Erin’s eyes rounded. She fisted her hands at her hips. “And I’m supposed to take orders from you because …?”
“Because I might be carrying the virus, and if I am, Sabrina’s been exposed. No point in adding you to the list.”
Erin stepped backward, almost tripping as she put distance between herself and Derek. “Adam didn’t mention that particular tidbit.”
“Consider it mentioned. We’ll wait in the kitchen while you pack,” Derek said.
With a toss of her head, Erin headed for Sabrina’s bedroom. Once she’d left, Sabrina eyed Derek, wondering if his abrupt manner might be due to the onset of virus symptoms. But their information said it should take at least another day for them to show up. Was this what he’d been like in the Rangers? Or working for Blackthorne? She imagined he was used to being in charge. But wasn’t he also part of a team? At the ranch, he’d been warm and open. Even when he was giving orders to his cowboys, his voice didn’t carry that edge.
Derek glanced around the apartment, then strode to the kitchen. She followed.
“Do you want something to eat?” she asked.
“Cold water.”
“Fridge dispenser.” She went to the cupboard and got two glasses, then pressed one against the lever in the fridge door. “Ice?”
“Just water.”
His gruffness confused her, but she filled his glass and handed it off before filling one for herself. “Do you feel all right?” she asked.
“Fine.” He drained his water and refilled his glass.
“Then what’s bothering you?”
“Nothing.”
“Like hell.”
His shocked expression said he hadn’t expected her to challenge him. Too bad. They were in this. Together. In sickness and in health popped, unbidden, into her mind. Before she could pursue where the thought had come from, Erin poked her head into the kitchen. “I’ll be next door if you need me.” She put a card on the counter. “Cell number.”
“Will do.” He half stood, but Erin waved off the gesture.
“I think you pissed her off,” Sabrina said. “Or scared her off.”
“Too bad. We’re not working together. And why take chances with this virus?”
She looked at him more closely. Despite his hours of sleep in the car, his face was drawn. Shadows under his eyes. Stubble along his jaw. “You’re afraid you’ve got it.”
“Of course I am. Wouldn’t you be?”
A no-brainer, but now she needed to downplay that risk. “Have you checked on your friend? KJ?”
“On my list.” A knock at the door had both of them on their feet.
“Wait here,” Derek said. He pushed himself from the table and went to the door.
Sabrina decided here meant kitchen, not precisely the table, and stood near the doorway where she at least could hear what was going on. She had her cell phone in hand, ready to dial 911 if need be.
“I thought you should meet Manny Rodriguez.” Erin’s voice. “He’s my partner on this assignment. We’ll be taking turns standing watch, so nobody’s going to bother you tonight.”
Sabrina detected a softness in Erin’s tone. As if she were telling Derek it was okay to sleep. To let go for a few hours. And now, more than anything, Sabrina wanted to escape her reality.
She’d stepped out of the kitchen before Derek summoned her to meet Manny. After all, if someone was watching her back, it made sense to know what he looked like. The Latino standing beside Erin seemed ordinary enough, but there was something about his demeanor that filled Sabrina with a you’re safe with me feeling. About five-ten, his biceps bulged beneath the short sleeves of his chest-hugging t-shirt. Narrow hips, and although she didn’t have to like it, a gun at his waist. Thick eyebrows over deep brown eyes. Eyes that didn’t miss a thing, judging from the way they were always in motion.
Erin repeated what she’d said to Derek about them being on watch through the night.
“Thank you,” Sabrina said.
“Odds are slim anything will happen,” Manny said. “But can’t hurt to play it safe.”
They turned and walked toward Merry’s apartment, a proper, professional distance between them. But she’d caught something in the way Erin looked at him, and her initial thought was that Merry’s apartment was a one-bedroom.
As was hers.



Derek closed Sabrina’s apartment door behind Erin and Manny, threw the deadbolt, and latched the security chain. He wasn’t thrilled with the quality of the door or the deadbolt. He’d talk to Sabrina about getting a better lock.
Both Erin and Manny were operatives he’d never met, but Adam had vouched for them and confirmed their identities. Still didn’t mean Derek was going to let his guard down. He picked up his go bag and tossed it onto the small beige-and-rust-colored couch in Sabrina’s living room. Not made for someone his size, but he didn’t plan on doing a lot of sleeping. “Any chance of a cup—or a pot—of coffee?”
Sabrina jerked, as if he’d pulled her back from a distant place. “Sure.”
While she busied herself in the kitchen, Derek took a quick tour of the apartment. The entry faced the living-dining room combo. The kitchen was to the left, separated from the living space by a pass-through counter. No door, just a passageway at the far end of the counter. He recalled a door in the kitchen had been partly open and led to a pantry. No exit.
By law, there needed to be two means of egress, so he walked over to the draperies behind the couch and inched one panel aside. Glass sliders opening onto a concrete deck about a foot deep, bounded by a plain metal balustrade with planters of herbs hanging from the top rail. The building was U-shaped, surrounding a simple commons area below with a swimming pool in the center. A few tables with umbrellas provided chances to get out of the desert heat.
Not an acceptable escape route, short of tying a rope to the deck fence and rappelling down. On the plus side, it would make it hard for anyone to use it as a point of ingress without being noticed.
In addition to a table big enough to seat eight comfortably, the dining area housed a tall bookcase crammed full of cookbooks. The living space was utilitarian. Couch, coffee table, end table, and a single upholstered easy chair. Wall-mounted television above a unit containing the usual electronics.
He moved into a short hallway to the right of the living room. Two doors, one on either side. The one on the left was open and revealed a bedroom. A double bed with a Native American print spread. Rustic night tables, matching dresser. Small bookshelf. Mysteries and romances, not cookbooks in here.
He wandered to the nightstand and found a romance resting beside the clock. Had Sabrina been reading it? Or Erin?
The bathroom was spacious enough. Tub-shower combo, separate alcove for the toilet, two sinks in the vanity. Green towels coordinated with the colors from the bedspread. Overall, the entire apartment said IKEA, not Sabrina. Except for the kitchen. There, even in the few moments they’d spent at the table, he’d felt the warmth.
And now he smelled the coffee. Before abandoning his explorations in favor of caffeine, he checked the door on the other side of the hallway. Not a second bedroom. A small storage, catch-all, mudroom space. Cartons, neatly labeled. An ironing board, a tool chest, coats and boots. And the secondary exit.
A door much like the one in the entryway, a deadbolt, even less substantial than the one on the front door. He twisted the thumbscrew, opened the door. Stepped into the hall. No markings on the door indicated which apartment it belonged to. No doorknob on that side, either. They’d approached the apartment from the opposite end of the hall, so he hadn’t noticed it.
He went inside and secured the door before following his nose to the kitchen. The coffee pot hissed and gurgled. Sabrina had two mugs set out, along with a pitcher of milk, a sugar bowl, and two spoons.
Had she forgotten he took his coffee black? Or was she offering him an option in case he wanted something different? Or just being the consummate hostess? The last, he decided, confirmed when she set a platter of chocolate chip cookies next to the mugs. A chocolate aroma blended with the coffee. He reached out for a cookie. Warm? How had she baked in the few minutes he’d been gone?
She smiled as if she’d heard his unspoken question. “Freezer to microwave to plate in seconds. Not quite the same as fresh out of the oven, but they’ll have to do.”
“They’ll do fine,” he said around a warm, chewy cookie.
Sabrina wandered to the pantry, to the fridge, opened the freezer. Closed it. Went back to the pantry. He intercepted her on the way to the table. “Relax. We’re fine. Tanya’s fine. Erin and Manny have our backs, and all we have to do is wait for the journals to arrive tomorrow morning.”
“I should be relieved, right? But I can’t shut off my brain,” she whispered. “It’s like electric power lines are dancing around, shooting sparks inside my head.”
She’d been strong. Held everything together. Done what she’d felt was right. The crash was inevitable. He enveloped her in his arms and pulled her head to his chest. Stroking her hair, inhaling the scent of her shampoo, he said, “I know. I know. It happens like this.”
She wrapped her arms around him, accepting his attempts at comfort. He ran one hand along her back, each caress moving her closer against him. His reaction was obvious, but she clutched him to her, not allowing him to keep any kind of gap between them.
She tipped her head up, her gray eyes half closed, her lips half open. The invitation was clear. And damn, he couldn’t take advantage.
“Sabrina, you don’t want this. It’s the adrenaline leaving your system.”
Her eyes opened. She shook her head. “Don’t tell me what I want.” She scraped a fingertip along the stubble of his jaw. The rasping sound reverberated in his head. He couldn’t control the moan.
“You want this, too,” she murmured, rubbing herself against his erection.
“Doing what I want and doing what’s right aren’t always the same.”
“You kissed me at the ranch. You said it was special. Do you feel anything different for me now?”
Different? Could you call ten—no, a hundred—times more of the same different? He cupped her butt, the stiff denim of her new jeans rough against his palms. Lifted her to bring their mouths together. Angled his head. Met her lips with his.
Unlike the gentle, slow, first kiss in the pantry, her urgency ignited him. This was all heat, all fire. She demanded. He returned. His tongue swept inside her mouth. Hers danced in rhythm. He tasted coffee. Chocolate.
She raised one leg, hooked it around him. “Sabrina,” he said between kisses. Not really between, because this was all one prolonged kiss. One he hoped would never end. But if he didn’t end it, it was going to go too far. He broke away.
She grabbed his hand, placed them on her breasts. “Touch me. I need to feel you. Feel me. Feel.”
He’d been where she was, knew her need. He also knew this wasn’t about him. About them.
But hell, he was a man. He hadn’t been with a woman in too long, and the woman he was with now was beautiful, strong, intelligent, and begging for more. When she touched him, that throbbing part of him, even through the denim, he was lost.
“Sabrina, I—”
She left one hand where it was and put the other against his lips. “No more talking. I know what I’m feeling. I know it’s too soon to be real, but—” Her voice hitched. “Neither of us knows where we’ll be tomorrow. Whether the virus will get us, whether we’ll survive if it does. I don’t want to die without knowing you. All the way.”
He had no argument. He scooped her up so she was wrapped around his waist. The way she wriggled against him, he hoped he’d make it to the bedroom without embarrassing himself. He got as far as the living room, where his go bag caught his eye. Condoms. He detoured. He set her down and fumbled with the zipper on the bag. Damn. How long had they been in there? At least two years. Or was it three? Maybe it was a sign they shouldn’t be doing this.
Sabrina’s hands found him again. Pressed. Rubbed. Kneaded. He let out a curse.

Chapter 28


Sabrina jerked her hand away. Why had he stopped? Had he changed his mind? Not now. He’d been willing—more than willing. “Did I hurt you?”
He rummaged through his tote. “No.” The word was more of a groan than an answer.
“So what’s the matter? I thought—weren’t you—didn’t we—?”
“Condoms.” Another curse.
She almost laughed with relief. “I have some. Being prepared isn’t just a guy thing.” She reached for him again. He took her hand, pressed his lips to her palm, and folded her fingers down, as if to capture the kiss.
“Easy does it,” he said. “I’d prefer to make it to the bedroom. Slow things down a bit.”
He’d said ‘first kisses should be special.’ Maybe his attitude carried over to sex, too. That was nice of him, but her entire body ached for his touch. Her nipples rubbed against her bra, shooting desire to her core. She was wet, hot, and desperate for release.
She took his hand and tugged him toward the bedroom. “Can we take it slow the next time?”
His low chuckle aroused her even more.
In the bedroom, she yanked open the night table drawer and found her condom stash. Not much smaller than when she’d bought them, which didn’t say much for her love life, but right now, not having used them all was a good thing. She tossed a couple on the tabletop and resumed what she’d been doing.
The short interlude hadn’t lessened her desire, but it had tamped back the urgency. Until she touched him. One hand at his groin, another behind his neck, her lips pressed to his. Without breaking the kiss, she maneuvered them to the bed and pulled him down with her. Straddled him. Ground her hips against his erection.
He slipped his hand between them, caressing her breasts. She pressed against his hand, moving, creating friction. Through her tee, through her bra. Every movement heightened her arousal.
He lifted the hem of her shirt, dragged a palm along her belly until he cupped a breast. Thumbed a nipple. She groaned with pleasure. Derek’s moans joined hers, vibrating in her mouth, echoing in her ears. She shoved him onto his back, hovered over him. Broke the kiss, gasping. He had both hands under her tee now, one finding each breast. Rubbing circles around her nipples. Each touch sent fire to her center. She rubbed against him, her existence narrowed to that tiny spot between her legs. Lord, they were fully dressed, and she was about to lose it.
When he pulled her shirt up, took a breast in his mouth, nibbled at it, she shattered. Collapsed against him. His hands stroked her back. “I feel so … used,” he said. But his grin said otherwise.
She tried to connect two thoughts. To breathe. To apologize. “I’m—”
His fingers at her lips cut off her apology. He peeled her shirt up her back. Slipped it over her head, down her arms. Tossed it beside the bed.
She leaned away from him, reached for her bra hooks.
“Let me,” he whispered.
“After I take your shirt off.” Western shirts—at least on Derek—had become turn-ons. The popping of the snaps as she grabbed the hem and tugged the fabric apart made her feel deliciously wanton. A cowboy bodice-ripper, in reverse.
She slid her hands under the cotton, let her fingers run along his chest. Kissed the hollows above his collarbones. Toyed with his nipples. Traced the heavier line of hair toward his navel. But not all the way. She reversed and moved her lips and fingers upward to his neck and started over.
“Sabrina.” His voice rasped.
“That would be me,” she said with a grin. “Were you asking me to stop? Or slow down? I seem to recall someone wanting the first time to be slow.”
“Damnation, woman, this is torture.” He shifted, reached beneath her for his belt buckle. “These jeans don’t fit anymore. I was wrong. Slow isn’t going to work. Where are the condoms?”
Reaching for a packet on the night table, she leaned over him and set it next to the pillow. He snagged a breast with one hand. The other popped the clasp of her bra. “Off. Off. Everything off.”
She slipped the bra down her shoulders and off her arms. “Same goes for you.”
He squirmed out of his shirt. She moved off, working her jeans over her hips, down her legs, taking her panties—her wet-with-lust panties—along with them. He unbuckled his belt, and she stopped him again, reaching for his erection.
He grabbed her hand. “Do. Not. Touch,” he gasped.
That she aroused him so fully sent another wave of heat through her. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, stood, and slowly—carefully—lowered his jeans. For the span of several heartbeats, he stood there, breathing hard.
Before she could ask him if something was wrong, he raised a hand. “I need to regroup or this is going to be an embarrassing replay of my teenage days.”
“As long as it’s not a replay of my teenage days,” she muttered as she pulled the bedspread down and folded back the covers. Which, as the sole girl in what had seemed to be a never-ending stream of merciless foster care boys, had been less than ideal on the dating front. Not that there’d been much of a dating front. Not with a small army ready to scare off most potential boyfriends.
If Derek needed his moment, she’d take one for herself.
She used the bathroom, gave a quick brush to her teeth, and misted herself with a spritz of perfume. She glanced at the lacy silk nightgown hanging from the hook on the bathroom door. Weren’t women supposed to be more enticing when they left a little to the imagination? Not as if Derek hadn’t already seen every inch of her body, but she pulled the garment over her head, considered herself in the mirror. Why not?
She opened the door. Derek lay on his side, the sheet pulled over him. His eyes widened when she stepped out. “That is not slowing things down,” he rumbled.
Impishly, she twirled. “This old thing?”
“Get yourself and that ‘old thing’ into this bed right now.” He lifted the sheet, revealing his sheathed, very impressive erection.
Her heart thumped. Was this a stupid thing to do? She didn’t do casual sex, but this no longer felt casual. Or even like our worlds might fall apart tomorrow sex.
It didn’t matter. She slipped under the covers, lying on her back. Her bedroom windows faced south, avoiding any glare from the evening sun before it sank below the mountains. She’d left the shades down before she left, but light filtered through, giving everything in the room a golden glow. Derek’s eyes were half-lidded as he propped himself on an elbow and used his other hand to fondle her breasts again. His roughened fingers snagged on the sheer fabric of her gown, and he replaced them with his lips. And teeth. His lips suckled, his tongue swirled circles, his teeth tugged, all though the silk. She couldn’t keep from groaning with pleasure.
Much as she loved it, she wanted him to touch more of her. One place in particular begged for contact. And what about him?
She turned on her side, once again reaching for him. He didn’t stop her this time, and she stroked his balls, taking pleasure from the way they tightened and puckered at her touch. More pleasure from his soft moans. Even more when he placed her hand on his erection.
And then, finally, he slipped a finger inside her. She shifted, adjusting herself so he had access to her neediest spot. And cursed under her breath when he pointedly avoided it.
He stroked, and she matched his rhythm with her hand on him. He groaned. She whimpered. She parted her legs to give him more access. Arched her back. Lifted her hips. If he didn’t get inside her soon—
She gripped him tighter. Rubbed her fingers over his tip. His hips bucked. She stopped. Removed her hands. See how he liked being tormented.
He growled. Found her sweet spot. Grazed it. Withdrew his fingertip.
“Derek. Please …” She arched, pursuing the touch he refused to give.



Derek yearned to prolong Sabrina’s pleasure, but every contact, every inhale of her perfume, every sound she made, sent him closer to his own release, and he was perched on a razor’s edge.
He eased her nightgown upward. She lifted herself from the bed, grabbed it from his hands, pulled it over her head, and threw it on the floor. “Please,” she implored again.
If only she knew how much his body was begging to be united with hers. Or did she? She reached for him, guided him to her entrance. He took the seconds required to prop himself over her, then entered. Half an inch. Withdrew. Repeated, a tad further inside. Again. And again. Until there was no way to control the action and he thrust inside, burying himself in her heat.
She clamped down around him. He thought he’d die. He lay there, rooted in her, surrounded by her, willing to enjoy the sensation for the rest of his life.
Until she started to move. Hips up, hips back. Her hands grabbed his ass, pulling him tighter inside her with each upward motion. All hopes of finesse disappeared as instinct trumped his wishes to prolong the experience. His hips pistoned. In. Out. In, out, in-out-in-out.
She matched his motions, moving in counterpoint to each thrust, and his world disappeared, his brain disconnected. Desire and pleasure. Pleasure and desire. A fraction—too small a fraction—of his brain tuned into Sabrina’s mews, her whimpers. He thumbed one of her taut, pebbled nipples. Pinched gently. Her hips bucked. She dug her nails into his butt. She shouted with her release, her spasms dragging him over the edge, into the abyss, to the place where nothing else mattered.
He collapsed on top of her, waited until he could breathe before trying to roll away, but Sabrina clutched him to her. “Don’t,” she whispered. “Please. Not yet.”
Supporting himself on his elbows as much as his depleted state permitted, Derek savored the closeness. When Sabrina began moving again, squeezing him, he hardened. She smiled at him beneath half-lidded eyes. “Maybe this will be the slow one.”
He popped into the bathroom to get rid of the condom and caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. Sated, with a goofy grin. He rejoined Sabrina, who held another condom packet. “Not quite yet,” he said.
They spent a good long time exploring each other, discovering nuances their previous urgency hadn’t permitted. He relished her touch on his unsheathed cock, the way her fingers stroked, circled, grasped. When she was ready, they rolled the condom on together, and he thrust inside her, this time able to do what he’d wanted to do the first time.
Afterward, he spooned her alongside him, draping an arm over her. His elbow on her hip, his hand nestled between her breasts as he slept.

He awakened, pre-dawn judging from the darkened room, to unfamiliar sounds. A glow from under the door. In the brief instant it took for his brain to catch up, his first thought was of Sabrina, and the empty spot in the bed beside him. Faintly warm. The pieces connected. Sabrina’s apartment. Mind-blowing sex. And, the sounds were kitchen sounds. He blinked the numbers on the clock into focus—3:48. What the—?
He threw off the covers, hit the bathroom, found his briefs, and stumbled toward the kitchen. Sabrina stood at the counter, an array of canisters and a large mixing bowl spread in front of her.
He padded over and nuzzled her neck. To her credit—or to the loss of his former stealth approach techniques—she didn’t startle.
She turned, gave him an apologetic smile. “Did I wake you? I couldn’t sleep anymore.”
“No, I’m fine. What are we cooking?”
“We?” She grinned.
“I’m willing to learn.” He didn’t say it was because he wanted something to remember her by. Something he could prepare at the ranch and be transported to this place, this time.
Her look was skeptical, but she pointed him to a mixer. She moved a canister in his direction. “Butter’s in the bowl. Measure two cups of sugar, add it, and mix. Start slow so it doesn’t go everywhere, then increase the speed until it’s light and fluffy.”
Derek paid more attention to Sabrina—the way she moved, the way her voice took on a teacher helping a slow learner tone as she walked him through the steps of baking a boatload of lemon cupcakes. The way she smelled, her own scent mingling with the aromas of each ingredient, the way they built on each other.
He poked pleated paper liners into the baking pans and Sabrina filled them with the batter. “Not all the way to the top?” he asked.
“Have to leave room for them to rise.” She put the first tray into the oven. While those baked, Sabrina prepared the frosting. Two batches, one lemon, one raspberry. He tackled the dishes. That he could handle without instruction.
Dishes done, coffee brewed, the first pan of cupcakes cooling and the second one in the oven, they sat at the spotless counter and enjoyed several moments of companionable silence. When Sabrina chewed on her lower lip, Derek braced himself for whatever topic of conversation she must be pondering before deciding he’d make the first move.
“Last night was good,” he said.
One corner of her mouth quirked up. “Good? I thought vocabulary was your specialty.”
He lifted his coffee mug, sipped, and set it down. “Excellent. Exceptional. Marvelous. Stupendous.”
“Spectacular,” she added. “Sublime. Breathtaking. Magnificent. Splendiferous.”
“Prime.”
“That sounds like I’m a cut of meat,” she said. Her expression softened. “No matter what happens, we have last night.”
“And this morning,” Derek said. “I need a shower. And someone to wash my back.”
Sabrina looked at the timer. “Backwashing will have to wait thirteen more minutes.”
Derek poured another cup of coffee and contemplated how to convince Sabrina to come to the ranch. Given the cops had arrested Ripley, he didn’t think she’d feel her safety was an issue. Or, she’d say, since Erin and Manny were still at Merry’s, they could watch her, too. Although he had a job to offer, he didn’t think being a ranch cook would satisfy her for very long.
“How did Wendy die?” she asked.
Stunned, he hid behind his coffee mug. “What?”
“Usually, people exchange basic autobiographical stuff over the first date or two. Since we skipped right into the third date phase, and we didn’t talk much about ourselves, I want to know more about you.”
He sensed the unspoken because we might not be around to talk about it next week.
“That’s definitely skipping the usual favorite food, color, and movie list.” He studied her expression, and she was dead serious. “All right, but you have to tell me why Tanya is so important to you.”
She seemed prepared for that one. “Agreed.”
He sipped his coffee. Swallowed past the constriction in his throat. “I wasn’t home. Wasn’t even in the country. I didn’t find out about it until it was too late to get back for the funeral.”
Sabrina rested her hand on his knee. “I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t be making you relive this.”
He shook his head. “No, it’s a piece of my baggage, and although I don’t want you to have to carry it, it’s part of who I am now. It was homecoming weekend at the high school. Wendy was riding on one of the floats—not much more than a hay wagon, but slap on a few flags and flowers and it’s a float. After the festivities—the usual football game, dance, and midnight senior supper, she was on her way home. At a four-way stop. And then a car full of underage drunks slams through the intersection on the wrong side of the road and hits her head on. No survivors. She was sixteen.”
He bowed his head. The years dissolved, and he was sitting in that Humvee in Iraq, bone-weary, but satisfied with a mission accomplished. His CO intercepted him, called him into his office. Gave him that well-practiced sympathetic expression. Said there was a Red Cross message for him. And the same way it had at the time, Derek’s heart stopped. Back then, when it had started again, it ran full throttle until he got to the ranch. He’d missed the last transport out of Kuwait, then had a miserable flight to Dallas, and from there, all the flights were full. People thanking him for his service right and left, but it wasn’t until the third flight to Colorado was boarding before a well-wisher relinquished his seat so Derek could get home.
“I left the army after that. It wasn’t their fault, but Wendy had hated that I enlisted. ‘Soldiers get killed,’ she’d said. When I told her I was going, that I had to see more of the world than cattle, she made me promise not to die. I did. Who’d have thought she’d be the one to go?”
“You quit so you wouldn’t die in the army,” Sabrina whispered. “To keep your promise.”
Without looking at her, he nodded. “Blackthorne wasn’t much safer, but I wasn’t going to die a soldier.” He sucked in a shaky breath. “Your turn.”

Chapter 29


Sabrina eyed the timer, willing the last six minutes to speed by. Anything to keep her busy. To delay fulfilling her part of the bargain. She checked the first batch of cupcakes. Cool enough to frost. That would do. She removed the plastic wrap from the bowl of lemon frosting and scooped some into the waiting pastry bag.
Seeing Tanya wearing that do-rag had brought back too many painful memories of Lourdes. Doubts about whether to trust Tanya’s denial that she had anything to do with gangs crept in.
“You’re stalling,” Derek said, his voice still husky from relating—and reliving, she thought—Wendy’s death. She’d ached to offer comfort, but sensed he didn’t want more than her hand on his leg.
“Lourdes,” she began. “I was going to be her way off the streets, away from the gangs. She had a mouth on her, but she could cook. Trouble was, I didn’t understand how powerful a hold a gang had. She spent her days in class, but wasn’t strong enough to resist the pressures the gang leaders put on her. I wasn’t tuned in to the signals, to her requests for help. She kept demanding more of my off-hours time, and I drew a line. I had a conference to attend.”
She snorted at the memory of the man she’d considered her boyfriend at the time—the one she’d based “Peter” on. Self-centered, shallow, and using Sabrina as an excuse to go to a fancy resort in Santa Fe. “When the guy I was seeing asked to come along, I agreed. My room was covered, and he offered to split the rest of the expenses.”
She piped thick spirals of frosting onto a row of cupcakes. “Turns out he had the hots for one of the spa therapists and booked treatments for about every ailment from a pinched nerve in his neck, to pulled muscles in his back, to allergies. He took off with her the last day of my conference—just when we were supposed to have a couple of days of together time. And, of course, I was the one who paid for most of his spa treatments.” She snorted. “At least Miss Therapist didn’t charge him for all her off-the-books sessions.”
Sabrina added a frosting flourish to the last cupcake as the timer dinged. After removing the pan from the oven, she met Derek’s eyes for the first time since their true confessions had started. “I should have come home when he ditched me, but the room was paid for, and I stuck around. Played tourist, but mostly moped and felt like an idiot. I didn’t even like him all that much.”
“And while you were gone—” he prompted.
“Lourdes got caught in a stupid gang pissing contest. A rival gang member had to prove himself worthy and Lourdes got killed in the process. If she’d been in class—”
“She’d have done it another time. You can’t blame yourself.” Derek snagged the bowl with the remnants of the lemon frosting and ran a finger around the edge. “Or so I keep telling myself.”
She set the used pastry bag in the sink and grabbed his hand. “Aren’t we a sorry two-of-a-kind.” She pulled his frosting-coated finger to her mouth. Swirled her tongue around the sugary icing. Sucked. Hard.
“Don’t start something you’re not going to finish.” He dipped out more frosting, rubbed it across his lips.
She took the hint. In the back of her mind, she knew she shouldn’t leave the cupcakes in the baking tin much longer, but kissing Derek took her away from the memories of Lourdes. One kiss. She had time for one. Only one.
She met his lips, teased her tongue along the treat he offered. He tasted of coffee and sugar and lemons—sweet, sour, and bitter.
The shrill ring of a phone from the bedroom had Derek pulling away, effectively saving her from soggy cupcakes. As if it mattered. The baking was therapy, and she hadn’t given a thought to what she was going to do with three dozen cupcakes. Merry wasn’t home, so her usual share these with your colleagues wasn’t an option.
“That’ll be Adam.” Derek rushed off, and she ran her tongue around the remnants of frosting on her lips. Lemon frosting was her new favorite flavor. She wondered if they should try it with the raspberry, too. Then both flavors together.
When Derek didn’t return immediately, Sabrina resisted the temptation to go into the bedroom and listen in, at least to Derek’s side of the conversation. She moved the cupcakes from the pan to a cooling rack, then filled the second pastry bag with the raspberry frosting, her irritation level rising with each second Derek chose to keep her out of the loop.
What makes you assume the conversation involves you?
But he’d said it was Adam calling, and what else could it be? Either an update on the virus, or more information about Ripley. Both of which included her. How dare he act as if she wasn’t part of this?
She flounced into the bedroom where Derek sat on the bed, phone at his ear. Not saying anything. He didn’t even look up when she walked by. Fine. She continued into the bathroom and turned on the shower. Under the steamy waterfall, she lathered her hair, trying to convince herself it didn’t matter what Derek did since they’d be parting company soon. He was a man, and in her experience, limited as it might be, men didn’t share.
Focused on her pity party, she didn’t realize Derek had come into the bathroom until he’d stepped in behind her and took over washing her hair. Rather than pull away in a stupid move to punish him for ignoring her, she allowed him to finish his ministrations, enjoying the feel of his fingers as they massaged her scalp. He lowered his head and whispered rinse in her ear. She turned, tilting her head backward under the spray.
When she’d removed all traces of shampoo, she raised the soap. “You said something about washing your back.”
He shook his head. “Not now.” He grabbed her, pressed her against the tiles. “I need you.”
Those three words were all it took to have her needing him as well. He’d come prepared, and turned away from the water to sheath himself. He devoured her with a kiss, slid a finger inside her. Suckled a nipple. The soap fell from her hand. He took her, hard, fast, and frantic.
Resting both hands on the shower wall, he lowered his head. “I’m sorry. That wasn’t how it was supposed to be. I hope I didn’t hurt you.”
Not physically. She ran a finger along his shoulder blade. “You can tell me later.”
She stepped around him, got out of the shower, leaving him to deal with whatever demon had possessed him. He emerged while she was blow-drying her hair. She caught his eyes in the mirror, but instead of explaining, he yanked a towel from the rack, wrapped it around his hips, and left the bathroom.
So, sex was his solution to whatever was bothering him? Letting his dick do the talking wasn’t going to cut it. She finished drying her hair, brushed her teeth, and plucked her robe from the hook on the door.
Cocooned in the light cotton fabric, she kept her head high as she strolled to the dresser for underwear and a loose-fitting tee. In the closet, she snagged a pair of cargo shorts. They’d reach almost to her knees and were anything but sexy. And why was she thinking about whether or not her choice of clothing sent the wrong message to Derek?
She scooped everything together and headed for the bathroom to dress. Not that Derek hadn’t watched her undress yesterday, but—
Would you stop thinking about how everything you choose to do relates to Derek!
He stood, still wearing nothing but the towel, and blocked her path. At the expression on his face, her stomach cramped.
His mouth opened, then shut. When he spoke, the words tumbled out, one on top of another, as if saying them fast was the only way to say what needed to be said.
“KJ died early this morning.”



A wave of nausea roiled in Derek’s gut as he uttered the words aloud. Sabrina dropped the bundle of clothes she’d been carrying. “Oh my God. I’m so sorry. What happened?”
After a pause, she eyed him warily. “How are you feeling? Any symptoms?”
She didn’t pick up her clothes. Instead, she clasped his hand in hers. Despite his having stepped out of a hot shower moments before, his hands were chilled, and the warmth of hers spread through him, offering a surprising—and welcome—comfort. His knees wobbled like a newborn calf, and he backed up until he felt the bed behind him, and sat. The weakness came from shock, he told himself, not symptoms.
Sabrina touched his forehead. “You don’t feel hot. Wouldn’t you have a fever if you had the virus?”
“I assume so.”
“Assume? Didn’t Adam tell you what to watch for?”
“No. He called to tell me the journals were being messengered to you, and someone has stepped forward to take credit for creating the virus. He says he’s part of a group called Pure, Straight, and Proud. They’re threatening to release a more virulent strain of the respiratory infection, which will spread more rapidly, do more damage, if their demands aren’t met.”
“And these demands would be—? Was it what we thought? That they want all the stockpiled viruses destroyed?”
Derek scratched his stubbled jaw. “That’s the strange part. Their demands have nothing to do with diseases. Apparently it was a means to their end, and there’s no way it’s going to happen. Trouble with people like this is they’re total nutjobs.”
“Are they asking for money? You give us the cash, we give you the virus? Not that it’s going to help anyone who’s already got it.”
Like KJ. And how many more? “No, although I think there were monetary demands in there. Adam suspected they were to cover Ripley’s fee. What they’re asking is for the Supreme Court to reverse its decision to allow same-sex marriage, and those states which have already legalized it to revoke their laws as well.”
“That’s crazy. It’s a done deal. How can they possibly think it could happen?”
He shook his head. “Like I said. Nutjobs.”
“So what happens next?” she asked.
“That’s all Adam had to give me. The joint task force is devising a plan of action.”
“If Adam didn’t tell you, how did you find out KJ had died?” Sabrina sat next to him, hooked her arm through his.
He squeezed her closer. “I called Morgan, my nurse friend. KJ wasn’t his patient, but he’s going to see what he can find out.”
“Seems like we’re doing a lot of waiting,” Sabrina said. “I was thinking about delivering the cupcakes to a shelter. And stopping by the cooking school, since there’s not much else to do until we get the journals.”
He knew she wanted to make sure Tanya was there. It wasn’t even seven o’clock. “What time do your classes start?”
“Nine.” She frowned. “I guess that might be cutting it close. Overnight deliveries come no later than ten-thirty.”
“These’ll be coming by a private service, so they could be here any time.”
Sabrina seemed to accept she’d be stuck in the apartment. She rose. “I’m going to get dressed. You should, too.”
He fetched his go bag and put on camo cargo pants and tee. Damn, he should have swapped these reminders of another life a long time ago. He waited for Sabrina to finish changing, then took his pouch of toiletries into the bathroom to shave and brush his teeth.
As he scraped the razor across his stubble-covered jaw, Derek stared at the haunted eyes of his reflection. He’d hardly been able to deal with the memories of Wendy’s death. If Sabrina ever asked him why he’d quit Blackthorne, he wasn’t sure he’d be able to answer her.
He splashed cold water on his face, removing the last residue of soap and wished the memories washed away as easily. Leaning on the counter, he took deep breaths until his reflection looked human again.
Sabrina wasn’t in the bedroom. Or the kitchen. He found her in the living room, sitting on the couch, holding a sheet of paper. Envelopes and more papers lay strewn at her feet. Her eyes brimmed with tears.
His stomach in knots, he strode to her side. “What’s the matter?”
She scraped her teeth across her lower lip, and he sat beside her. Wrapped an arm around her. Breathed in her scent. Worked better than any calming routine he’d ever used on an op.
“I was going through my mail, looking for the insurance check to sign it over to Merry. I saw this.” She held out the piece of paper.
Derek took it from her trembling hand. He perused the neatly typed page.

Miss Barton,
I hope this finds you well and I apologize for taking so long to send it to you. My wife and I split several months ago, and let’s say it wasn’t the most amicable parting. She packed boxes of my things and I discovered a letter in a box of books in a packet of what I considered “Good Luck Charm” letters when I served with your brother. We thought that if we wrote these letters to be delivered after our death, then we wouldn’t die, so when our sergeant asked us to write them, we did. I wasn’t assigned to this particular mission, so I became the keeper of that batch of letters, and I totally forgot about them when the mission was over.
When I found out John had died, I wanted to attend his funeral, but personal circumstances made it impossible. I did have an old buddy who was going, and I asked him to give it to you. I hope John’s words brought you comfort. He was a good man, and in those dark, lonely hours, he would tell me about you, how he used to tease you, but that you were a stabilizing influence in his life. He always spoke of you fondly, and many’s the time he’d say he wished he had some of your chocolate chip cookies. He said he could always tell when you’d helped your mom bake them.
We lost touch when he left the army, but I will always remember him. I offer my condolences, and wanted you to know he cared about you.
Ichiro Nishida

Derek set the letter on the coffee table and drew Sabrina’s head into his chest. She pulled away, but he wouldn’t let her go. From what he’d seen, she hadn’t felt anything other than guilt. That would never go away, but she needed to mourn. “Let go,” he whispered, caressing her back.
Sobs wracked her body, and damn it to hell, he fought to constrain tears of his own. For Wendy. For everyone he’d lost on his last op. For John. He struggled to regain control, discreetly wiping his eyes with one hand while the other moved to Sabrina’s head, keeping her face buried in his chest. When her sobs diminished to mere sniffles, she avoided his gaze and dashed to her bedroom. He took advantage of her absence to go into the kitchen and rinse away the evidence of his emotions.
If she saw you cry, you’ll have to marry her.
Now where had that come from? Marry Sabrina? Marry anyone? He couldn’t be in love with her. Could he?
He shoved the thoughts into a deep, dark hole. First, he had to find out if he was going to catch the virus. And if he did, would he survive? He took an experimental inhale. Nothing yet. He retreated to the couch to wait for Sabrina.
She returned, carrying a plate with two cupcakes, frosted in pale yellow with a fresh raspberry on top. “Not the healthiest breakfast on the planet, but they do contain major food groups. It’s the proportions that are out of whack.”
Without meeting her gaze, he took one and plucked off the raspberry. “Fruit. Works for me.”
When they’d finished their cupcakes, the world had settled into a semblance of normality. She didn’t apologize for her meltdown, nor did she mention whether she’d noticed him losing it, so his man card might still have a little life in it.
“Back to what Adam said.” Sabrina crumpled her cupcake wrapper and set it on the plate. “Does having someone make demands change things? I mean, they have to have a spokesperson to communicate with, right? Can’t the cops find him and trace everything to the source?”
And, just like that, he shifted gears as well. “I’m sure they’re trying. Trouble is, if the group is any good—and I use the term loosely—then they’re going to have their spokesperson several layers away from the virus. My guess is he has no idea where it’s being kept.”
“So what do you do?”
He took that to be a generic you since he was too busy keeping any potential virus germs to himself to do any investigating. He’d made himself believe he had at least another day before he’d be putting Sabrina in danger. Two to four days from exposure to symptoms, Adam had said. Contagious a day before that. He’d be out of here by this afternoon. Hadn’t figured out where he’d go yet, but there was time to figure out a plan.
At a sharp rap on the door, he got up. “That’ll be the messenger.”
He opened the door to a bruised and bloody Tanya.

Chapter 30


 “Tanya.” Sabrina darted to her student’s side. Tanya ducked her head, but not before Sabrina saw the split lip and one eye swollen shut. Blood trickled from a cut above the other eye. “What happened?”
Tanya folded her arms across her chest.
“Tanya, you have to tell me what happened so I can help you.” Sabrina led her to the kitchen, set her in a chair. “What else did they do to you?”
Derek dampened a wad of paper towels, pausing before touching it to her face. “You have anything I need to know about?”
“Like AIDS?” Tanya glared at him. “No way.”
Derek daubed at the blood.
Tanya jerked away, cast her gaze at Sabrina. “You gotta get me out. They ain’t gonna stop.”
Sabrina gripped Tanya’s hand. “I’ll do what I can. Did you report it to the police?”
Tanya’s head snapped up. “You crazy? The cops let me go, now the rest of the gang thinks I cut a deal. They want me with them or they come do more. All that does is start fights. I know I don’t fit. Just cause more fights. My mama say we should go to her sister in Philly. Says she can find a job there, but I want to finish my school. Then when I’m a cook, I can get a job away from the neighborhood.”
Sabrina looked to Derek for advice. He wadded up the bloody paper towel and tossed it into the trash. He filled a plastic bag with ice and handed it to Tanya. “For your face. It’ll help with the swelling.”
She placed the icepack over her eye and exhaled, long and shuddering.
“Did they do anything else? Kick you? Punch you? Anything that might have caused internal injuries?” Derek asked.
“No. One of them held me.” Tanya’s words were muffled as she tried to speak around her split lip. “There were four. The other three took a turn hitting me, then left. They know I can’t do nothing to them. Nobody does nothing about them. You call the cops, the gang knows it was me. This was a warning.” She shifted the icepack from her eye to her mouth.
“In that case, do you have a first aid kit?” Derek asked Sabrina. “These injuries look superficial. Antibiotic ointment and a few Band Aids or butterfly strips ought to do it.”
Sabrina went to the pantry where she kept her kit and set it on the table.
Derek went to work as if he’d done this many times before. Probably had, given his former line of work. Probably his current one, too, come to think of it. Lots of ways to get hurt on a ranch. When he finished ministering to Tanya, Sabrina poured a glass of water and gave her a couple of ibuprofen. “Might help with the pain. I know that’s got to hurt.”
Tanya shrugged, but took the pills without protest. “Sorry to bother you. Didn’t have nowhere else to go.”
“You can stay here for now. I’ll drive you to school later. If you’re not feeling up to class, you can rest in my office. We’ll figure something out, but you should be safe from any gang members while you’re at the school.”
Tanya caught Sabrina’s gaze, then ducked her head again. “Thank you,” she muttered. She set the icepack on the table and raised her hands, stained with blood, as was her shirt where her wounds had dripped. “Can I wash?”
“Of course. Come with me.” Sabrina led Tanya to her bedroom, went to her dresser and handed Tanya a clean tee. “Bathroom’s through there. I’ll soak your other shirt. Should get rid of most of the stains.”
“Why you being so nice to me?” Tanya asked.
Sabrina smiled. “Why did you come here when you needed help?”
A touch of Tanya’s attitude colored her expression. “You be one soft woman.”
“Not for everyone,” Sabrina said. “Go. Freshen up.”
She left Tanya and went to the kitchen where Derek was cleaning the aftermath of Tanya’s first aid session. She found her disinfectant solution and sprayed the sink, table, and counters, then wiped them down. “Can’t donate food unless it’s prepared under the proper conditions.”
“How did she know where you live?” Derek asked.
Sabrina shrugged. “I give my students my phone number. Not hard to get the address from there. I’ve never kept it a secret. What surprised me was that she came across town. As far as I know, she doesn’t have a car, and it’s at least two buses to get here. It’s a wonder the bus drivers let her on, bleeding like she was.”
“You don’t think she … borrowed … a car, do you?”
In her haste to care for Tanya, the mode of transportation hadn’t occurred to Sabrina.
“I didn’t steal no car.” Tanya stood in the doorway, narrowed her eyes at Derek. “I have Mama’s, since she ain’t got a job at the moment.”
Sabrina bit back the urge to work on Tanya’s language. Another time. “Have you had breakfast?”
“Not exactly had the time.”
Knowing how much it had taken for Tanya to admit she was in over her head, Sabrina wanted to give her a chance to regain a shred of dignity. “How are you feeling? You think you could handle fried eggs and toast for the three of us?”
Tanya smiled, then winced. “Yes, Chef.”
After showing Tanya where to find the requisite equipment, Sabrina told her she was on her own. “We’ll be in the living room if you need anything.”
At the show of trust, Tanya’s attempt at a smile despite the split lip spoke volumes.
In the living room, Sabrina sank onto the couch. “Now what?” She flipped the television to the local news more as a way to keep Tanya from overhearing their conversation than because she cared what was going on.
Derek pulled the easy chair from its position by the edge of the couch and moved it to the other side of the coffee table, a good four feet away before sitting. He turned away, then coughed. “I think I should leave.”



Derek swallowed, testing his throat for any signs of scratchiness. Was he draggy because he hadn’t slept much? Sick or not, he’d decided he was better off at the ranch, where he could isolate himself if need be, and keep things running either way.
“You think sitting there is going to keep the germs away from me?” Sabrina asked.
“No, but it makes me feel like I’m trying to keep you from getting sick. The old ounce of prevention thing.”
“Didn’t we go through this? You can’t be contagious for at least another day.” Her eyes widened. “Wait. Are you feeling sick? Do you think they were wrong about how long the incubation period is?”
He tested his lungs again. No trouble breathing. “It’s a new virus. I don’t think anything is etched in stone.”
“You’re scared because your friend died.”
His heart pounded, but he attributed that to Sabrina’s sympathetic smile. Hell, any of her smiles made his heart pound. “Concerned. Not scared.”
“Yeah, right.” She stood, glanced toward the kitchen. “You want some juice? Good for your immune system.”
Assuming she wanted to check on Tanya without being obvious about it, he accepted the offer. She got halfway to the kitchen, then turned to face him. “As long as I’m stuck here waiting for the messenger, I could make chicken soup.”
“Thanks, but I’ll be gone before suppertime.”
“If I start now, it’ll be decent by lunchtime.”
She needed to be busy, too. And having her in the kitchen meant more distance between them. “As long as it’s something you’ll eat yourself.”
Her gaze ran over him, almost palpable. She tilted her head, put her hands on her hips. “Why would I ever make something I didn’t want to eat?”
She disappeared into the kitchen and Derek turned his chair for a better view of the television. Nothing about a rampant epidemic, nothing about idiots demanding the impossible. Would it have hit the local Albuquerque stations? Maybe not, if everything was still confined to Colorado. He closed his eyes, vaguely aware of Sabrina saying, “He’s not my boyfriend” followed by a sputtering laugh from Tanya.
He awoke to the sound of his name, followed by “Breakfast.” According to the clock, he’d had a nice ten-minute combat nap. But he felt logy, not refreshed.
You’re freaking out about this virus. How many years since you’ve taken a combat nap? Of course your body has readjusted.
He made his way to the kitchen where Sabrina was arranging onions, carrots, and other assorted ingredients on the counter. Tanya set a large glass of orange juice by each of three plates. A platter filled with toast sat in the center of the table, along with honey, and three kinds of jam—in little white fluted dishes, not the jars they came in. From the way the toast glistened, it was already buttered. Apparently, Sabrina set a classy table no matter who she was serving. Or was this a lesson for Tanya?
Didn’t matter. He took the seat Tanya indicated. She served him three fried eggs, then two for Sabrina and two for herself. She sat, eyeing him expectantly. He added a piece of toast to his plate and sampled a bite of egg.
“Excellent. As good as any I’ve ever had,” he said, and Tanya beamed with pleasure that outshone her battered face.
He scraped the last bit of yolk with his third piece of toast, pleased that a normal early warning sign of the flu—loss of appetite—hadn’t weaseled its way into his system. A sharp rapping on the door shattered the peace.
“That must be the messenger.” Sabrina tossed her napkin on the table and bolted for the living room.
“Hang on.” Derek followed. “Let me answer.”
Sabrina spun, glared at him. “This is my apartment.”
“And you’re still a potential target.” He shoved past her, checked the peephole on the door. A man in a grey uniform shirt stood tall, as if he knew he were being inspected. Derek opened the door as far as the security chain would allow.
“Express Track. I have a priority delivery for Sabrina Barton.” The man displayed a small box.
The company was the one Adam had said he was using. Motioning Sabrina to wait, Derek opened the door wide enough to accept the package. The return label showed Adam’s name and Blackthorne’s public address.
“I need Miss Barton’s signature, sir.” The messenger held out an electronic tracker. Sabrina signed, and the messenger sped away.
“Should we listen for ticking?” Sabrina said. “Dump it in the bathtub? Or take it to the ER and have it X-rayed?” Her sarcastic tone didn’t include any hint of humor.
“I think we’re safe,” Derek said.
Sabrina grabbed the package and took it to the couch where she ripped the release tab and dumped her recipes plus an assortment of bound notebooks onto the cushion beside her. She set her recipe binder aside and picked up one volume, then hesitated before opening it, as if afraid of the ghosts it held. “Guess I should get started. If John were hiding some message, it could have been in any one of them. I’ll assume Ripley has already looked for loose pieces of paper.”
“Makes sense it would be written down, disguised in an already existing entry, or squeezed in between two older ones.”
His phone interrupted. A chill rippled across his neck when he read the display. Morgan. “Cooper,” Derek answered.
“Got the update on KJ. Good news and less good news.”
Derek paced the living room. “Give me all of it.” He sensed Sabrina’s eyes on him, but he wasn’t going to put this call on speaker.
“The good news—not that someone dying is good news—is KJ didn’t die from the new virus strain.”
“What?” Derek’s pacing took him by the easy chair, and he sank into it. “How?”
“That’s the less good news. You’ve heard of hospital-acquired infections, right?”
Morgan rambled on about super bugs and drug resistant bacteria, most of which slipped past Derek’s level of comprehension. His brain was still processing that KJ hadn’t died of the virus. “Explain.”
“There’s this infection called MRSA.” Morgan rattled off a multi-syllabic incomprehensible word that must have been what MRSA stood for. “The not-so good news is KJ picked it up in the hospital. The hospital’s taking extra precautions now, but it’s a tough bug to kill. By the time KJ was admitted to the hospital, he was already in an extremely weakened state.”
“He said he was having an allergy attack,” Derek said.
“Trouble with all you macho manly types is you won’t admit you might be sick until you’re really sick. His symptoms went way beyond allergies when he was admitted. The MRSA added pneumonia on top of his virus, and that’s what he died from.”
“Let me get this straight. He was sick enough to go to the hospital—albeit on the late side—but because he went to the hospital, he got this MRSA and died?” Derek made a mental note to avoid that hospital—any hospital—if he showed virus symptoms. But he’d been handed the gift of hope. “Any more patients?”
“That’s more of the less-good news. We’ve admitted six more virus cases. Staff is doing everything possible to avoid an MRSA infection now that we’re aware of it. It’s become a common bug, but this is the first case our facility has seen.” A pause. “Hey, they’re paging me. I’ll let you know if anything else breaks.”
Derek sat there, staring at the silent phone, processing the new information in light of what Adam had told him. Was MRSA part of the Pure, Straight, and Proud scheme? He hadn’t had time to ask whether the hospital was aware of the threats.

Chapter 31


Sabrina had retreated to her bedroom to deal with revisiting the past from her new perspective. 
She caught a whiff of onions and garlic. She’d given Tanya basic instructions, handed down from Mom, about the makings of chicken soup—use anything you have around, including the kitchen sink—and told her to be creative. She’d also pointed out the cookbook shelves, and her cooking school binder, but from what she knew of Tanya, her student would rather improvise than look at recipes.
She propped the pillows against the headboard and settled in to read. Remembering John after reading Ichiro Nishida’s letter brought back memories more painful than hearing about John’s death or attending his funeral. She flipped through the pages of the first journal. Any recent additions would stand out against the penciled entries he’d made as a young child. She remembered her mom suggesting things to write when she’d given Sabrina her first journal, and from what she read in John’s, she’d given him the same prompts.
Write one good thing about today.
Write one thing that made you happy.
Write one thing that made you sad.
What did you do that was fun?
Sabrina hadn’t known John during these years, and she forced herself to read for anything new. If he was trying to hide something, would he have been clever enough to use a pencil? To imitate his crude lettering? After what she’d learned of his work for Blackthorne, she thought he might.
Given the brevity of John’s entries, the rows of blank lines between them, and that John had somehow managed to wheedle his way out of writing every day, the first volume encompassed almost three years. She smiled as his handwriting progressed, as his sentences grew longer—but not by much. Mom had always emphasized privacy, promised that unless they asked for help, she’d never read them. Apparently John took her at her word, because she saw entries that would have gotten him in big trouble had Mom known what he and his friends had been up to. Typical childhood pranks, but the sort they’d have been punished for had Mom or Pop known.
She paused when she saw her name on a page. According to the date, it had been written shortly after she’d arrived, and it echoed what John’s letter to her had said. Why did their parents have to take in another kid, and why a girl?
She turned pages, every now and then smiling as John mentioned something she’d done that he’d said didn’t suck. On more than one occasion, his notation for the day mentioned nothing other than the cookies she’d helped Mom bake. She could be a cook, he’d written.
Tears burned her eyes. Thinking back, she did remember him suggesting cooking might be a field for her to pursue, although she’d always interpreted it as another form of teasing. As if she wasn’t good enough to play with him and his friends. Had those comments wormed their way into her subconscious? Was she pursuing the job of her dreams because John had planted the seed?
At a gentle tap on her door, she closed the journal over her finger and wiped her eyes with her other hand. “Come in.”
Derek entered, looking less grim than before. Not happy, but still an improvement. “Good news?” she asked.
“In a way. What about you?” His gaze moved from the journals to her face, where it lingered.
She wiped her eyes again. “Nothing yet. Tell me what you found out.”
When Derek finished explaining what his nurse friend at the hospital had said, Sabrina couldn’t help the smile that spread across her lips. “I’m still sorry KJ died, but for your sake—our sakes, I’m glad it wasn’t from the virus. Does that make me a callous person?”
“Nope.” Derek moved two journals and sat beside her. “Just a pragmatic one. It’s too close to us to look at the bigger picture.”
“Has anyone died of the virus itself?”
“Not at that hospital, but I haven’t checked in with Adam yet. However, there was nothing on the local news about it.”
Her smile disappeared. “What if we’re responsible for spreading it to Albuquerque?”
“I’m still symptom free. I’m going to the ranch, and you should send Tanya to school as a precaution.”
“It’s still too early. Renae won’t get there before eight-thirty. Have you checked in with Erin and Manny? Are they going to be released now that the cops have Ripley? I’m sure Blackthorne has better things for them to do than babysit me. Tracking down the source of the virus for starters.”
“Not my call,” Derek said. “But from what I remember of how Blackthorne operates, they’ll be on their way soon.”
“And Merry can come home.” She set the journal she was holding face down on the bed. “Do you know where they sent her?”
“Nope. But if they’re paying for her keep, they’ll send her home as soon as they can.”
“Nobody offered me a safe house,” she said, half joking. Maybe they hid people in places like Hawaii, or the Bahamas, or Alaska. She’d always wanted to go to Alaska. In the summer.
“You were at a safe house, remember, even if it wasn’t a Blackthorne sanctioned one. You’re the one who insisted on leaving.”
Sabrina picked up the journal. “I’d better get to work.”
“You want me to help?”
She wasn’t ready to share the personal life of her brother—not to mention what his writings might say about her—with anyone yet. Even the thought that Ripley had read them made her insides squirm. “No, I’m fine. But would you peek in the kitchen and see if Tanya’s doing all right.”
“And I’d know this how—?”
“If she’s humming, she’s fine. If she’s swearing, come get me.”
Derek’s crooked grin lifted Sabrina’s heart, and she returned to her reading.
At eight-fifteen, she took a break from reliving her childhood. Derek had the television tuned to an all news channel, and was working his cell phone. She went to the kitchen, where Tanya was dutifully cleaning up the remains of her soup prep.
“I think it’ll be good.” Tanya offered Sabrina a tasting spoon.
Sabrina sampled the broth. “Excellent. Do I taste cumin?”
Tanya’s one good eye sparkled. “Yes, Chef. I thought it would add—” she paused, as if searching for the right words. “Depth of flavor.”
“Very good. Now, I want you to get to the school. Derek will walk you to your car. Stay there until you hear from me.”
“You not coming?”
Sabrina shook her head. “No, I can’t make it today. Remember, you agreed to show Chef Renae respect.”
Disappointment spread across Tanya’s face. She ducked her head. “Yes, Chef.”
“And, if you can remember what you did for this soup, write down the recipe. I might use it in another class.”
Tanya’s disappointment shifted to delight. “Really, Chef?”
“Really, Tanya. It shows good creativity.”
When Tanya left to get ready for school, Sabrina put on a fresh pot of coffee, asked Derek to escort Tanya to her car, then called Renae to alert her to Tanya’s early arrival, explaining what had happened.
“You’re not asking me to babysit after four, are you?” Renae asked. “I can’t hang around after hours.”
“No, I’ll have something worked out by then.” But what? A swirl of ideas began coming together, much like Tanya’s soup. It might work.



Derek tried to ignore Tanya’s sidelong glances and smirks as they strolled around the block to where she’d parked her car. She got in, put the key in the ignition, and gave him one last knowing look. “You be good to Chef. I got connections with people who can hurt you if you don’t.”
“Same goes for you, but I don’t need any outside help. I hear anything about you getting in trouble, and I’ll be all over you. You do what she says. I’ll expect to be eating your cooking in a restaurant some day.” He patted the roof of her car and waited at the curb until she’d driven off.
‘Be good to Chef.’ He’d known her what? Three days? And yet Tanya’s admonition constricted his heart. He wanted nothing else but to be good to Sabrina. He thought of how she’d been willing to risk her own safety to rescue Tanya.
Walking away from Sabrina was going to hurt, but she needed to be here, helping her strays find their way back into the world. Why had he even tried to convince her to keep the temporary job as his cook? She was a chef. A teacher. A person who put others first. Tied to her school in Albuquerque. And he was a cattle rancher, tied to the Triple-D in Colorado.
It had been an interesting three days, he’d give it that. He checked the door to Sabrina’s apartment, glad to find it locked. He tapped on the door, which she opened, a cup of coffee in one hand, an eager expression on her face. Had she found something in the journals? Had there been a breakthrough in the investigation?
He forced himself not to kiss her. Not because of the possibility he was contagious, but because any contact with her would make his leaving that much harder.
“I have an idea,” she said. “Promise you’ll hear me out.”
“Can I get coffee first?”
She followed him into the kitchen, took the lid off the soup, and ladled a small amount into a coffee cup. “Taste this.”
“Tanya’s soup?” he asked. “You think it’ll keep me from getting the virus?”
“Taste it.”
He did. His mom used to make chicken soup. Damn good chicken soup, but this rivaled hers. And there was something different about it. “It’s good.”
“Just good?”
He took another sip. “Very good. Different.” What was he supposed to say? Run through a litany of synonyms for good?
“Would your cowboys like it?”
Ah, he saw where this was going. “You want me to hire Tanya. But doesn’t she have to finish school first?”
“The semester is almost done. Plus, she wouldn’t need a certificate to get a job at your ranch. At least until this gang stuff blows over. I can vouch for her skills.” She gave him a puppy-dog look that put Cecily’s to shame.
Logically, it made sense. “Have you said anything to her?”
Sabrina gave her head a rapid shake. “No, I’d never do that. Besides, I didn’t think of it until you’d left with her. Say you’ll consider it, at least.”
“I’ll consider it.” He finished the soup and set the cup in the sink. “How are you coming with the journals?”
“I’m about halfway through. The part I’m reading is all about his sports practices. Guess that was easy for him to write about.”
“I’ll check in with Adam again.” He took a cup of coffee to the couch and punched Adam’s number into his cell, watching the ticker crawl along the bottom of the television screen for any breaking updates while he waited for Adam to answer.
When Adam picked up, he got right to the point. “Did Sabrina find anything in the journals?”
“Not yet. You have a sitrep on the virus group? And where are you, for that matter? Still availing yourself of my hospitality, or back in San Francisco?”
“The boss suggested I remain here, since that’s where the virus outbreaks are.”
“Or he’s afraid you’ll spread it if you leave,” Derek said.
From Adam’s silence, Derek figured he wasn’t too far off. “You’re not showing symptoms, are you? You should be safe.”
Adam’s response wasn’t forthcoming, which told Derek the man was worried. When Adam replied, it was a noncommittal grunt. “Pure, Straight, and Proud is delivering another message at ten this morning.”
“How are they delivering the message?” Derek asked. “And to whom? Won’t the Blackthorne geeks be able to trace it? So they can find this guy?”
“We found the first guy. In Idaho. Spokesperson is the wrong term. He’s nothing but a patsy whose skills go no further than reading the words put in front of him.”
“You mean he’s not part of the group?” Derek said.
“Not that we can tell. A guy down on his luck, willing to follow instructions for a few bucks. A messenger, an intermediary, but that’s stretching the definition. He has no clue who hired him. He was approached on a street corner—one of those where people looking for a day’s work hang out. Easy job, no risk, good payoff. Record a message into a provided burn phone, send it to a provided number at a specified time, and toss the phone. The message he read was printed via computer. No prints other than his. He says he was paid five grand, cash. Money was delivered via a drop at the job site he was working. Nobody knows anybody.”
“And he wasn’t bothered by recording a threatening message?” Derek asked.
“Said he was told it was to test the effectiveness of the Colorado medical response team, that it wasn’t a real threat. A dry run to see how things would go down if it was a real emergency.”
“And he bought it?”
Adam huffed. “For five grand, a guy in his position is going to convince himself to believe almost anything. Given the squelched news coverage, even if this schmuck had checked, odds are he wouldn’t have found anything. Not in Idaho.”
“These people watch too many spy movies.”
“So far, it’s been effective. We’ll try to find whoever’s giving this morning’s message, but we’re not hopeful it’ll be any different. Our guess is the next guy won’t be in Idaho. If it ain’t broke, they’re not going to fix it.”
“They must have a substantial-sized network,” Derek said.
“My guess is a lot of them are expendable. I wouldn’t be surprised to find the messengers have … disappeared … in the not so distant future. Explains why George and Vlad opted for jail.”
A battalion of centipedes crawled over Derek’s scalp. Would Sabrina have disappeared if she’d had any interactions with these wackos? Could she still be in danger? “So, bottom line, you don’t have any leads on who has the virus or where they are.”
Another pause. “Sorry. But they’re working.”
“I’ll be at the ranch by dinnertime.” He disconnected the call.
Sabrina ran into the room clutching one of John’s journals. “I think I might have found something.”

Chapter 32


Sabrina rushed to Derek’s side. “In here. This doesn’t fit.”
Derek patted the couch cushion beside him. “Show me.”
She pointed to the entry. “This looks like another recap of one of John’s football games. Unless Ripley knew the local high school teams, he’d never have noticed it. But here, where John’s writing about the big game between Marshalltown and Washington—” She tapped the page. “Marshalltown never played Washington. I doubt Ripley would have bothered to fact check in that much detail.”
“Can you tell it’s a new addition?” Derek asked.
“No, which means Ripley wouldn’t have known, either. You can see John didn’t use the same pen for all his entries. Some are blue, some are black, and he never got out of the habit of leaving big gaps between entries when he didn’t have much to say. All that mattered to him was filling the journal and bragging to Mom he needed a new one.”
Derek took the journal from her and studied the entry in question. “Is there a Washington High School in Iowa?”
“Yes, but since they weren’t football opponents, it has to mean something. Could the virus gang be somewhere in Washington?”
“If so, there’s Washington State and Washington, D.C. And how would John make sure the right person would find this journal? Think. You were in his apartment. Was it conspicuous in any way?”
She recalled the first time she’d entered his apartment, before the break-in. “Not that I noticed. They were all on a shelf in his bedroom. But I didn’t look through them at the time. I just added them to the few things of his I was saving.”
“It’s not his last journal, is it?”
“No, there’s another one after this. I haven’t finished going through this one yet. I wanted to show you this as soon as I realized it didn’t make sense.”
“So it was a deliberate attempt to hide the entry.” Derek rubbed his temples. “Let me think. He was going to meet his contact. We don’t know for sure if they were killed before or after they met. But he didn’t get home to write this before he died, so if it’s a clue—”
“It has to be,” Sabrina insisted. “And maybe the meeting on the night he died wasn’t his first meeting with his contact.”
“That’s a thought,” Derek said. His approving nod filled Sabrina with a warm glow of satisfaction. He was quiet, as if weighing the possibilities. “Knowing John, he’d have tested the waters, met with his contact a couple of times, confirmed he was a reliable source. I can see him not mentioning those meets to Blackthorne, since he hadn’t told anyone about the meet where he ended up dead. We need to look for more clues disguised as entries. It’s possible John wrote these as notes to himself. Not likely anyone would think to look there.”
“Makes sense. When he had all the information he needed, he’d compile it and pass it on.” Sabrina leaned in to get another look at the journal, resisting the urge to rest her head on Derek’s chest. He smelled of her soap, her shampoo. Although inhaling so close to him wasn’t smart.
“Would your Blackthorne people be able to decipher this?” She pointed to the numbers in the entry. “He’s got a bunch of stats here. And names of players who may or may not be real. The six year difference in our ages was huge when he was in high school.” She took the journal and scanned the previous entries. “He does mention scores and names in other ones, but those seem legit. I do remember a couple of these names. They were friends of John’s for a long time before high school.”
Derek rubbed his temples again. Did he have a headache? First sign of the virus? Sabrina instinctively drew away, not that it would matter. What would be would be. “Some of these numbers—rushing yardage, completed passes, even mentioning a player’s jersey number might be important.”
“You mean like addresses?”
“I think you’re right. Blackthorne has people trained to ferret this stuff out, and access to databases we can’t get into even if we knew where to look. Do you have a scanner?”
“No. But what if we took a picture of the page and emailed it,” she asked.
“I’ll check with Adam for the best method. Meanwhile, keep reading.” Derek picked up his cell and moved to the couch.
Sabrina took the journal to the bedroom, a sense of excitement fluttering inside her. She’d honor John’s memory by finishing—or at least helping to finish—what he’d lost his life trying to do. “All right, John. Show me what else you’ve got.”
With something to focus on, she read through more entries, looking for things inconsistent with her memories. She discovered she was second-guessing everything, so she tore scraps of paper from the notepad in her night table, bookmarking pages for second looks after she went through the last journal.
Her heart skipped when she saw an entry that was totally wrong for John. He’d been recounting an after-practice get together and was raving about the fried shrimp at a restaurant chain she knew didn’t exist in Marshalltown. And John was allergic to shellfish. No way would he have eaten shrimp. She hurried out to tell Derek they had another clue.
He sat on the couch, the television still tuned to the news, but muted. “Hang on a minute,” he said to whoever he was talking to. “I’ve got another call.” He pressed his screen. “Cooper. You have something?”
Sabrina moved closer, into Derek’s line of sight. He nodded, whether to her or to what he was hearing, she couldn’t tell. She’d given up on him using the speaker on his phone, so she dropped the journal, open to the entry she’d discovered, face down on the coffee table and went to check on the soup. The flavors were developing, and she fetched a large thermos from the pantry. Once it was finished, she’d send some soup with Derek. Might give them an excuse to see each other again, although a half day’s drive to return or pick up a thermos seemed a bit much. Then again, she still had Merry’s car to deal with.
“Sabrina.” At Derek’s call, she went to the living room. Derek had set the phone on the end table. “Adam said there have been two dozen more cases of the respiratory virus. Morgan said his hospital admitted three of them. They’ve had cases reported in Denver.”
“So, it’s moving to more densely populated areas. That’s not good, is it?”
He shook his head. “Nope. The CDC is trying to see if they can track down the first victim or victims. See if they can find out where the virus originated.”
She looked over her shoulder at the television. “Shouldn’t there be coverage now, so people know to take precautions?”
“Tricky balancing act. Don’t want a panic, don’t want to overload the doctors and hospitals with those who are sure they’re going to die if they sneeze.”
She turned the easy chair to face the couch and sat. “Have there been any more deaths?”
He hesitated before answering. “Yes. Three as of now. All elderly, which is a high risk group. Many of the cases they can confirm as being the new virus are considered critical.”
“And it’s the virus? Not the MRSA?”
“So Adam says. And Morgan told me they’re isolating the new cases at his facility.”
“Is that how you think of them?” she asked. “As cases. Not people? Is that how you coped in the army—you were fighting the enemy and didn’t think that to them, you were the enemy? That it was people on both sides.”
His eyebrows lifted. “You’re being philosophical this morning. Everyone has their own coping methods.”
“I guess. I was thinking about KJ, how he’s got to be more than a case to you, and—”
“And how we both might get sick and you want us to be treated like people, not disease cases.”
He had a way of seeing what she didn’t quite understand about herself. “Wouldn’t you?”
His smile was brief but there was no humor in it. “It won’t be an issue. We’re not going to get sick.”
“Speaking of not getting sick, I found another clue.” She turned over the notebook and explained John’s entry.
However, Derek’s eyes were focused on the television set. He fumbled for the remote.



Derek stood, moving so Sabrina wasn’t blocking his view of the television set. The pop up box saying New flu? had him wishing he could fast-forward past the commercials that had begun as soon as the teaser appeared. And would it be the lead story after the commercial? He dropped the remote and reached for the phone.
“Adam. The local news affiliate in Albuquerque is running a story they’re calling the new flu. Can you find out whether there are cases in New Mexico now, and if it’s the same virus we’re chasing?”
Sabrina grabbed Derek’s arm. “Speaker.”
He muted the commercial, then pressed the speaker button and Adam’s voice projected into the room. “I’ll make sure Jinx and Zeke know.”
“Wasn’t the Pure, Straight, and Proud message supposed to come at ten?” Sabrina asked. “Why did they announce it earlier?”
“Maybe it’s from another cog in their machine, or a reporter picking up on what’s been happening and running with it,” Adam said. “But regardless of the source, the proverbial cat is now out of the bag.”
The commercial flow ended at last.
“Hang on.” Derek adjusted the volume so Adam could listen in as the newscaster gave his report. Sabrina moved in, wrapped her arm around Derek’s waist, her attention focused on the television. He caressed her hand.
In typical modern day news tradition, the report contained few facts, which in this case was a good thing. After leading off with a headline designed to raise alarming questions—Is a new strain of flu headed our way?—the report itself fizzled. Speculations about a new strain of flu, curious enough to make the news because it wasn’t flu season.
Pleasantly surprised there was nothing linking the outbreak to a potential epidemic or terrorist threats—which Derek had expected for its sensationalism value—he waited to see if there would be reports of numbers of cases or locations. Nothing. In fact, the newscaster claimed there had been no cases in New Mexico, but residents should take the usual precautions. If they felt they might have the flu, it was suggested to get plenty of rest and fluids.
When the broadcast moved on to a story about mariachi music, Derek hit the mute button. “Must be a slow news day.”
“The good news is it doesn’t appear to have spread beyond the cases we’ve been told about,” Adam said. “However, given there’s public attention—and I have no doubt other news outlets will check into this story—Blackthorne may no longer be involved.”
“Why would they stop investigating?” Sabrina asked. “Haven’t you been saying they’re more efficient than the government agencies?”
“Yes, Blackthorne bypasses a lot of red tape. But if the government is involved, it can turn into a conflict of interest. Plus, if the government’s investigating, Blackthorne isn’t being paid, and the boss doesn’t approve of that,” Adam reminded her.
“But what if I have more information?” Sabrina said. “Derek says you guys have resources to decode stuff. Would you be able to try? I’d pay.”
Derek sucked in a breath, not wanting to mention it would take half a year of Sabrina’s salary to cover a week of a Blackthorne investigation.
“What do you have?” Adam asked.
Sabrina opened the journal and pointed the entry out to Derek, explaining what she’d discovered. “Those names and numbers must mean something. Why else would John have written them?”
“Clever,” Adam said. “Although I agree John considered it preliminary data, or he’d have reported it.”
Adam agreed taking pictures and sending them to Blackthorne would serve in lieu of scanned images and gave them an email address. “I’ll alert our crew. Make sure you’re available if they have questions.”
“Of course,” Sabrina said. “And I’ll read the rest of the entries in case there’s more.”
“Good job,” Adam said.
Derek responded to Sabrina’s obvious pleasure at Adam’s praise with a glow of satisfaction of his own. He used his phone to snap pictures of the two entries Sabrina had flagged and sent them on their way. “I should be going,” he said.
“But what about Tanya? Will you hire her? Take her to the ranch? She’d be safe there. The gangs won’t follow her that far, even if they knew she was going.”
Derek sank onto the couch. “That’s a lot to think about. I know you want her safe. We both do. And she’s passed her cooking audition, although I’m not sure about her attitude.”
“That’s new. I assume it stems from her mother losing her job, so I can understand it. When she started at the school, she didn’t say a word until she found out she could hold her own in the kitchen—and she liked it. The gangs—she has to get away. She’s half African-American, half Latina. They’re not looking to recruit her. They want to make an example out of her. A bad one.”
“Rock and a hard place,” Derek muttered.
“You can handle her. Some praise, some positive reinforcement, some self-worth, and she’ll be an asset to the ranch.”
Derek chuckled at Sabrina’s sales pitch. “Don’t you think Tanya deserves a say in this decision?”
She gave a sheepish grin. “A little.”
“I don’t think it’s fair to her to yank her away from her home on such short notice. Plus, we haven’t ascertained it’d be safe for her at the ranch.”
“What’s not safe? Ripley was looking for me and I’m here now. And he’s in jail, right? Plus, we have the journals and John’s secret codes. Ripley has already seen them and rejected them. He didn’t understand the codes.”
“Which have yet to be deciphered. Plus, Ripley was brought in on relatively minor counts. With his bucks, he’ll be out on bail in a heartbeat.”
“Can’t they tie him to bioterrorism?”
“All he did, aside from accepting items of little monetary value from his cohorts, was steal two cars, which were recovered and returned to their owners. The rest of what he told them, according to him, was pure speculation on his part. He was playing the I’m a helpful citizen card.”
“Would he come back for me?”
Derek caught the edginess in her tone, as if she’d considered herself safe until this point. “I doubt it.”
“Doubt isn’t the same as no, though.”
Adam’s call interrupted. Eyeing Sabrina, Derek put it on speaker.
“Got the files. Our intel guys are working on them. But, as expected, the other news outlets aren’t ignoring the Albuquerque report. They’re starting to spook at shadows. It’s possible there are lots more pockets of this flu. The CDC has been on it, looking at everything since the time of the actual theft. What they found supports our earlier supposition. Pure, Straight, and Proud took relatively mild viruses that wouldn’t send up red flags. Then they monkeyed around with them to increase their virulence, and tested them in remote areas.”
“Like the Colorado resorts,” Sabrina said.
“Correct. Today’s ten o’clock message was supposed to call attention to their power. But now that it’s all over the news feeds, they might have pushed up their timetable.”

Chapter 33


Sabrina’s head spun. She grabbed the phone to make sure she was heard. “Was I too late finding the clues in the journals? Do you think Blackthorne will decipher them in time?”
“Our guys are good, Sabrina,” Adam said. “If there’s something to be found, they’ll find it. John was Blackthorne, so odds are he used a familiar encryption system.”
“Any word on new viruses yet?” Derek asked. “If these Pure, Straight, and Proud nutjobs expect to have any leverage at all, they’re not going to get it with a bug that makes people sick for a few days. It’d have to be lethal to more than high-risk groups, or have seriously debilitating side-effects.”
Sabrina chimed in. “And the country can’t reverse a law overnight. Those things—even assuming it’s possible—take forever.”
“Like I said. Nutjobs.” Derek pried the phone from her hands and set it on the coffee table. “Or it’s misdirection. That threat might have been nothing but an attention getter. Another testing of the waters.”
“Hang on,” Adam said. “Incoming from our crypto-geeks.”
Sabrina reached for the phone, but Derek grasped her hand. “Relax. You’ll be able to hear.”
“I know, but—” Sabrina’s insides bounced like a popcorn machine getting ready for a triple-feature.
“Yeah, it helps to feel like you’re doing something.”
“You two there?” Adam’s voice came through the phone.
“Yes, what did you find out?” Derek asked.
“The mention of Washington was the big break,” Adam said. “And it’s the state, not D.C, so the P S and P guys aren’t going for the gold. Yet, anyway. The geeks used the names and numbers in the first coded entry to pinpoint a street address. The local cops have been notified, and they’re deploying a SWAT team.”
“How long will it take?” Sabrina asked. Derek’s arm around her waist—when had he done that?—calmed her. “Is the virus there? Can they destroy it?”
“Easy does it,” Adam said. “First, SWAT doesn’t go barreling in based on an address discovered in a journal. They’re going to have to do a little homework.”
“Don’t Blackthorne geeks have that covered?” Derek asked.
“Ongoing,” Adam said. “Our geeks are feeding their intel to SWAT, SWAT is doing its own research. The address is in an industrial building complex. The owner is a shell company—”
“Grounds for suspicion right there,” Derek said.
“Whoa, cowboy. There are channels, protocols. Not good to go in and blow up a day care center or homeless shelter by mistake, even if they’re not using the place legally. Need to find out what’s inside.”
“Can’t you send Blackthorne people?” Sabrina asked. “Cut the red tape?”
“The Washington SWAT is still closer,” Adam said. “They’ll be ready to move in before we’d be able to mobilize a team and get them there. It’s okay, Sabrina. We’ve worked with them before, and the lines of communication are open and running freely.”
A pause, and when Adam came back on the line, it was as if he knew what she was thinking. “Our geeks are looking at the second journal entry now. Keep looking. Focus on names and numbers. I’ll be in touch.”
“Will do.” Sabrina took the journal to the easy chair and curled her legs under her.
Derek disconnected the call, but left the phone on the coffee table where it was accessible to both of them. “Want any more coffee? Another cupcake?”
“No, I’ve had too much sugar and caffeine already.” She went through her bookmarked entries, decided they were legitimate, then moved on. Names and numbers, Adam had said. Made sense, and she felt a faint glow of pride that nobody else would have noticed the discrepancies she’d found. A very faint glow, and it disappeared as she read through the entries. What if she missed something? Would her failure mean she’d be responsible for an epidemic?
Her eyes burned and a headache formed at her temples. Stress, she told herself. Not flu symptoms. Derek would be first, wouldn’t he?
When she looked away to give her eyes a break, Derek came out of the hallway carrying his tote. He’d said he was leaving, but now that things were happening, wouldn’t he want to stay?
And do what? He wasn’t going to Washington, and there was nothing for him to do here but wait and see if he had the new flu. He walked past her and set his tote beside the door.
“I thought you’d stay for lunch,” she said, trying not to sound like she was begging. Okay, so she was, but it didn’t need to sound that way. “And I haven’t had a chance to talk to Tanya.”
He strode to her side and tousled her hair. “I wasn’t crazy about the purple.”
That came out of nowhere. Was he trying to take her mind off the crisis? “What color do you like?”
“Don’t change it on my account. You have to do what’s best for you.”
Was that his way of saying his leaving was best for him? Which it was, but it didn’t make it hurt less.
Hurt? What are you thinking? You have no hold over him.
He tipped his head toward his tote. “We call those go bags, so we’re ready to go at a moment’s notice. I’m not leaving quite yet.”
But he would. Damn, she was going to miss him. Should she call the school, talk to Tanya about the job? Derek hadn’t said whether he was willing or unwilling, only that Tanya needed to be the one making the decision. But if she asked Tanya before getting any kind of commitment from Derek, that wouldn’t be fair, either.
She flipped the page in the journal. Her heart thumped. “I think this is another one.”
He rushed to her side. “Where?”
She pointed to the entry. “Here, where he’s recapping the football season. He didn't do it for any other years, and he’s got more bogus teams.”
Derek leaned in. He still smelled of her soap and shampoo. Guess aftershave wasn’t a biggie in his go bag. And why would she care?
“No players’ names, though.” Derek’s breath fanned her neck, adding a hint of coffee to the soap aroma.
“Maybe it’s the numbers in the scores. Shouldn’t we call Adam?”
Derek took the journal, flattened it, and snapped a picture. “I’ll email this first.”
Once he’d finished, he punched in a number. When she heard Adam answer, her first reaction was Derek had remembered to keep the phone on speaker.
“Good news, not so good news,” Adam said.
Sabrina wondered how these people survived working for Blackthorne. She thought she’d have an ulcer if this went on much longer. “Start with the good.”
Derek knelt beside the chair, resting the phone on its arm.
“We got another possible address from the second journal entry,” Adam said.
“Is it in Washington, too?” she asked.
“No. And the not-so-good part is the address is in Albuquerque. Good because we happen to have two operatives, plus a trained, if former, operative in the vicinity. Not so good because it’s near Old Town, which is full of tourists who can take the virus all over the country. Derek, I can’t force you to help on this one. It’s your call.”
Derek gripped the arm of the chair hard enough that his knuckles whitened. “Where in Albuquerque? Did you notify the cops?”
Sabrina’s heart filled her throat. It was one thing for Derek to leave her for his cattle ranch. Something else entirely for him to go off into a world of violence.
“You?” Her voice squeaked. “What can you do the cops can’t? What do you know about dealing with viruses?”



Derek listened as Adam explained the op. “The cops aren’t subtle. If they know you’re going in, they’re going to insist on helping, and they’ll tip our hand. You, Manny, and Erin are strictly recon. Manny’s team leader. Do you understand?”
“Answer to Manny,” Derek said. “Strictly recon. Got it.”
“Why don’t I believe you?” Adam asked.
“Because you’re a skeptic—Blackthorne does that to you. But I’m not Blackthorne anymore. Do Manny and Erin have gear?”
A knock on the door interrupted. Sabrina jumped, but Derek motioned her to stay put and went to the door, where Manny and Erin waited. Manny had a large duffle slung over his shoulder. He wore charcoal trousers, a button-down red-and-white striped shirt beneath a lightweight gray sport jacket. Erin had on khaki slacks and a silky green blouse with a beige jacket. Concealing weapons, both of them, no doubt. From the way Erin held back, half hiding behind Manny, Derek assumed she was still afraid of catching the virus.
Derek moved enough to make direct eye contact with Erin. “Not supposed to be contagious for another day. But if you want to do this without me, I’m sure Adam will understand. You want me to tell him?” He waved the phone.
“We’ve already discussed that. Right, Erin?” The look Manny gave her reminded Derek of his mom, when she wanted him to suck it up and get on with whatever dreaded chore lay in store for him.
Erin clutched a laptop to her chest, as if it would shield her from the virus. “Right. Let’s get on with it.”
“The rest of the team is here,” Derek told Adam. “Have they been briefed?”
“Yes. Remember—”
“Strictly recon. I’ve got it.” Derek waved his new partners inside and ended the call. “I understand our clock is ticking. What’s our cover?”
Pausing in the entry, Manny dropped his duffle beside Derek’s go bag and gave him the once-over. He frowned. “You have any duds that will blend? We’re going be playing tourist, not soldier.”
Derek leaned over for his go bag. “I’ve got jeans and a shirt. Nothing as civilized as you two, but that and what I’m wearing is the extent of my wardrobe.”
“It’ll do,” Manny said. “Erin and I are attending a Realtors’ convention at the Hotel Albuquerque, taking a break from sessions to do a little sightseeing. The building we’re checking out is a couple blocks from there. It’s for sale, and you’re showing us the property.”
Sabrina stepped to the group. “Then why don’t you have the agent show you the property instead? You’d get in legitimately that way.”
Erin gave her an indulgent smile. “Because there’s a good chance whoever’s listing the property isn’t on the up and up.”
“You mean one of Ripley’s people, or a member of the Pure, Straight, and Proud group?” Sabrina said.
“It’s a possibility,” Manny said. “And there isn’t time. Our intel people can pull blueprints and get schematics, but the best way to know who’s in the building, if there are guards, lookouts—”
“Or innocent bystanders,” Derek added.
Manny looked at him as if it were a given, then at Sabrina, and he seemed to realize this wasn’t an ordinary briefing. “Right. Our job is to gather information and feed it to Blackthorne and the Albuquerque cops.”
“What if someone checks to see if you’re part of the convention?” Sabrina asked. “Or if Derek’s with the real estate company?”
“Highly unlikely, but there is a Realtors’ convention going on, and that’s about as deep as our cover needs to be for this simple op.” Manny gave Derek a knowing smile. “We’re assuming Derek can BS his way out of any potential questions about his credentials.”
“You don’t need to worry, Sabrina,” Erin said. “It makes sense for Realtors to be scoping out properties, and Manny and I know what we’re doing.” She glanced in Derek’s direction, displayed her laptop. “If I can set up, I’ll show you the lay of the land, bring you up to speed. Sabrina, you’re welcome to offer any insights about the neighborhood if you think they’ll be helpful.”
Sabrina’s huff said she recognized condescension when she heard it, but she directed Erin to the dining room table.
“I’ll change while you’re getting ready.” Derek grabbed his go bag and pulled Sabrina toward the bedroom.
“I want you to have this.” Braced for Sabrina’s reaction, he unzipped the bag and pulled out his Kimber, dropped the magazine, and cleared the chamber.
As expected, she backed away. “No way. No. I don’t want that … thing … in my home. And why would you think I need it?”
“It’s for my peace of mind,” Derek said. “The odds are a million to one you’d need it, but if there’s one chance in a million, I want to feel you can protect yourself.”
She folded her arms across her chest. “I have no idea how to use a gun, and there’s no time to learn. Take it with you. You’ll have more need for it.”
He ignored Sabrina’s protests. “I’ll borrow one from Manny.” He pried her hands loose and wrapped them around the grip of the gun. “This is the safety. It’s on. The gun won’t shoot unless you release it.”
“Fine. Because I’m not going to shoot it.”
“I hope not. But if you had to—if you were in danger—this is what you do.” He kept his tone firm and avoided her eyes. Only knowing the odds Ripley would send someone for Sabrina were slim to none made him willing to go with Manny and Erin. That, and helping put an end to the virus threat. The old want it done right, do it yourself mentality hadn’t left him.
He demonstrated the safety to Sabrina and insisted she practice it. Her hands trembled, and he wondered how badly the gun would shake if she had to use it.
She won’t. This is all precautionary.
“Point it at the intruder’s chest and fire until he stops coming,” Derek said.
“I can’t. I won’t.”
“If your life is in danger, you will,” he said. “But I agree. You shouldn’t need to. It’s for me, remember? I’ll do my job better if I’m not worrying about you.” He set the gun on the bed and drew her close. Tilted her face to his. Saw the anger and fear in her gray eyes. And, not knowing what to say, he kissed her. 
She objected at first, kept her lips tightly closed, but eventually admitted him. Joined him. He savored her, this kiss which might very well be their last. Not because he was going to buy it on a simple recon op, but because he had to leave. He was a cowboy, she was a cook. Better if he left directly after the recon.
She left him—and the Kimber.
He changed quickly, reloaded the Kimber, and slipped it into his waistband. He’d find a convenient place for it, somewhere she’d be able to access it without it becoming an ugly reminder of the kind of person he’d been. Still was. That never left you.
When he got to the dining room, Sabrina was pointing at the laptop screen. “That building has been vacant for at least a year.”
“Like the place in Washington,” Derek said. “Wonder if they’ve bought off people on the respective police forces to ignore any comings or goings in the building.”
“Or if they have security guards keeping an eye on things,” Erin said.
“Seems to me security guards on a vacant building would send up red flags,” Derek said. “And what about utilities? You’d need power to run a lab.”
“Intel says the real estate company listing the property was footing the bill for electricity.”
“It’s our job to find out,” Manny said. “We’ll park at the hotel and hoof it from there.”
Derek took his car keys and placed them on the end table by the couch, followed by the Kimber. Sabrina didn’t miss the action, and he didn’t miss her glower, but she didn’t make an issue of it. She eyed the items, then him, and nodded. He caught the You’ll have to come back for this in her expression.
“You’ll call me, won’t you?” she asked.
“When I can.”
Sabrina opened her mouth as if to speak, but flattened her lips, then stomped off to the kitchen.
He, Manny, and Erin spent the next few minutes going through equipment, outfitting themselves with communications gear. No headsets with mics on this op—didn’t fit the tourist image. Pocket radios and Bluetooth would have to do. Handguns, not AK-47s.
“You brought all of this with you?” Derek set aside the night vision goggles as unnecessary for this mission.
“We were prepared for an attack on Sabrina,” Erin said.
Derek accepted a Blackthorne Glock. Erin hung a camera around her neck, which fit the Realtor-tourist image. Manny shouldered the duffle, Derek grabbed his go bag, and within minutes was climbing into Manny’s rental. As soon as they exited the garage, Erin lowered her window and shut off the air conditioning.
“Still afraid I’m going to infect you?” Derek said.
“Nothing wrong with precautions,” she replied.
As Manny talked about how they’d approach the sprawling three-story building, Derek fought the nerves. Nothing bad was going to happen. This was a simple recon mission. He checked the time. Eight forty-five. Plenty of time to be in and out before whatever was going to happen at ten.
Assuming they’re still waiting until ten.
“By the way, my Blackthorne handle is Sharkman,” Manny said. “Erin is Batgirl.”
Derek didn’t bother questioning their origins. “Might as well keep mine. Professor.”
They parked at the hotel as Sabrina had suggested, in the back lot, then cut across Bellamah. Pedestrian traffic was nonexistent. Tourists were more interested in Old Town, which was the other direction.
“This is it,” Manny said. “You ready?” The way he eyed Derek made him wonder if Adam or anyone else at Blackthorne had told Manny why Derek had left. The other reason, not the have to help my parents at the ranch reason.
“Let’s do it.” Derek slid into his role, pointing at buildings, parked cars, vacant lots. “Lots of potential here,” he said, although there wasn’t anyone within earshot.
Erin stopped, took pictures, first facing away from their target building, then turned a slow circle, snapping away.
“Nobody around,” Manny said. “Go.”
They moved at a brisk walk, ducked through an alleyway to the side entrance they’d pinpointed as the best route into the building. After a last sound check and review of their assignments, Derek pretended to be talking to Erin, keeping Manny’s lock-picking talent shielded from view. Always assume someone was watching. He adjusted the Bluetooth earwig Manny had given him, missing the comfort of a circling helo relaying intel.
Except when it was wrong.
However, heat signals indicating whether they were entering an empty building or one full of people, be they squatters or Pure, Straight, and Proud members would have been nice.
“We’re in,” Manny whispered. “Showtime.”

Chapter 34


Sabrina stared at the gun lying on her end table, a glaring attestation to what Derek did. He’d said he’d quit Blackthorne, but it didn’t take much for him to go off on a mission. A potentially dangerous mission.
She turned her attention to the news, wondering if it would be one of those We interrupt this program deals at ten when the announcement from the Pure, Straight, and Proud group was due. Or would they keep it secret, or edit it, or save it for a later broadcast?
No matter how hard she tried to watch the television set, the gun dominated her thoughts until it seemed to fill the room. Looking at it, seeing its actual size didn’t matter. Unable to think of anything else, she crept to the end table, as if sneaking up on the gun would render it less dangerous.
Gingerly, she touched it with an index finger. A shudder ran through her. She half-ran to the kitchen and grabbed a towel. After emptying the contents of the end table drawer, she used the towel to pick up the gun and place it—carefully, because no matter what Derek had said, it was still a gun full of bullets—in the drawer of the end table. She shut the drawer, closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and counted to ten.
Didn’t work. She had to get out, at least for a while. Do something normal. She set the soup to low, packed the cupcakes, and went to the parking garage. After a brief heart stop when she saw her space was empty, she remembered they’d been using Derek’s Honda, which shattered all illusions everything was normal.
After making sure nobody was lurking in the garage, she hurried to the visitor’s slot where they’d parked and unlocked the doors. As she went to put the cupcakes on the backseat, her new Stetson sitting beside Derek’s eased her jitters.
She headed for the shelter where she donated food. She’d be back before ten, easy. Should she swing by the school? See how Renae was doing? Check on Tanya?
No. Her jitters were more than a sugar and caffeine rush. Her eyes darted to the rearview and side mirrors so often she nearly rear-ended a car in front of her. Every car might be following her. Every driver might be Ripley or one of his hired help. Or a member of Pure, Straight, and Proud.
She drove around the block, then around another block in the other direction before she chided herself for seeing danger everywhere, and parked behind the shelter. Two cars in the lot, both of which she recognized as belonging to shelter workers. She pulled into the slot alongside Ysabel, the shelter manager’s car, and waited for her heart to stop pounding before getting out. Balancing the containers of cupcakes, she knocked on the door, casting furtive glances over her shoulder as she waited. Forcing a cheerfulness she didn’t feel when the door opened, she greeted Ysabel with a smile. “I was testing a recipe. Thought you might like to offer them for dessert.”
Ysabel’s grin was genuine. “Thanks so much, Sabrina. Want to come in? We’re breaking down breakfast service, but there’s coffee.”
The thought of coffee—or anything else—turned Sabrina’s stomach, and she declined the offer as politely as she could. “I’m on a tight schedule today. Another time.” She handed over the cupcakes, telling Ysabel to keep the containers until Sabrina’s next visit. She waited until the door clicked shut, then bolted for the Honda.
What had she been thinking? Sitting in her apartment behind a locked door, even with a gun in the end table drawer, beat the heck out of being here, seeing potential bad guys everywhere she looked. Or being seen by them.
When she got home, the ache in her belly was more than an annoying distraction. More like a smoldering fire. You couldn’t get an ulcer overnight, could you? The virus Derek had been exposed to was respiratory, so a queasy stomach wouldn’t be a symptom. Maybe a glass of milk would soothe the burning. Or make her throw up.
After setting both Stetsons on the dining room table, she turned on the television, then went to her laptop and logged in to her social media accounts. Although she knew enough to take most of the posts and tweets with a healthy sprinkling of salt, if the Pure, Straight, and Proud people had moved on with their demands, or if more people were getting sick, there might be a mention of it. It could even be trending.
And why hadn’t she thought of that before? Everyone had a Facebook page or a Twitter account. She searched for Pure, Straight, and Proud and found their page. Her stomach knotted and she remembered why she didn’t spend much time with social media. The page was full of rants and unfounded accusations about a lot more than same sex marriages. Racism, politics, evolution, global warming—each with horrific statistics she was certain were false. But the most recent post, pinned to the top of their page, was a countdown clock, ticking away the time until ten a.m. Fourteen minutes, twenty-seven seconds left.
Under the clock, all it said was Are You Prepared?
Couldn’t the cops get a warrant to find out who owned the page, or where they were? What about Blackthorne—could they hack in?
Or had they already done it? She’d assume so, but when lives might be at stake, making assumptions wasn’t a smart move. She’d rather have Adam laugh at her than find out this had slipped through the cracks. Her cell phone battery indicator was in the red, so she went to the kitchen to plug it in and use the land line. A glass of milk might settle things after all.
She drank a few sips of milk, then found Adam’s number and punched it in. He answered immediately. If he thought her suggestion was unnecessary, he had the decency to keep any ridicule out of his tone when he told her both the police and Blackthorne were already dealing with the social media sites.
“Have you heard from Derek?” she asked.
“Last report was they were at the building.” There was an underlying hesitancy, as though he were choosing his words too carefully. As if he was handing her an edited story. But pressing him didn’t seem appropriate. He had a lot more on his plate than dealing with her personal need to know. “Thanks,” she said. “I know you’re busy.”
Although she didn’t expect Derek to keep her updated during his reconnaissance mission, she’d hoped he’d touch base. A quick message saying everything was going according to plan, maybe. That he hoped she was all right, too. He’d said he’d call, hadn’t he?
Maybe the low battery on her cell had kept the call from going through. She checked. Nothing. Not even a text. And no voice mails on her land line. But he’d be all right.
Feeling like a fool, she picked up her Stetson and adjusted it on her head. Derek knew what he was doing. Besides, he wouldn’t leave his hat and his gun. He’d have to come back.



Per their plan, Erin and Manny entered first. After making sure the door would open from the inside, Derek closed it behind him. Weapons drawn, they cleared the first floor, then took the stairwell to the second floor landing. Although Manny’s and Erin’s shoes looked dressy enough to blend in with their clothing, Derek knew they were custom made, Blackthorne issue, designed for stealth approaches and to allow for running. He took care to keep his own light hikers from clomping as he ascended.
“Clock’s ticking,” Manny whispered. “Time to split up.”
The building had begun as a bank, also housing a fast food eatery and a few boutiques on the ground floor, medical and legal offices above, and administrative offices on the top floor. The three of them had decided the odds were in favor of any action being on two, notably because of the medical offices, but three still had to be investigated, which was Derek’s assignment. Erin and Manny dashed off, one on each side of the hallway while Derek climbed to the third level landing.
A metallic taste filled his mouth. Blood pounded in his ears. He paused. Opened the stairwell door. It opened quietly. Too quietly for an abandoned building. He slowed his breathing, inhaling and exhaling through his mouth. Listened. His mind raced through the prepared explanations for why he was in here and not with Manny and Erin.
He counted to ten. Nothing disturbed the silence. No one appeared to confront him. He crept into the hallway. Waited again. According to their intel, he had seven offices to check. Three on one side, four on the other. Two doors stood ajar. He inched forward. No heads poked out.
The first door was locked. Blood rushed in his ears. If something was going on, odds were it would be behind a closed, locked door. No way to see inside. No glass side lights. No light sneaking out under the door. He pressed his ear to the wood. Nothing. But to be sure, he used the listening device Manny had given him. Still quiet.
He moved down, poked his head into the next door, which was ajar. An abandoned office. Wooden desk, metal file cabinets, empty shelving. But a small office, given the size of the building. A door beside the bookshelves. Closed. A bigwig’s inner sanctum? This front anteroom where a receptionist kept him from being hounded by the little people? Was the open hallway door bait? Was someone lying in wait in the inner office?
Get your mind where it belongs. There’s no reason for anyone to be waiting here. This is not where they’d set up an ambush.
No time for negative thoughts. The clock was ticking. Weapon drawn, he crept across the worn carpet and listened at the door. Silence. Barely breathing, standing to the side, he tested the knob, which turned beneath his hand. He flung the door open. The hollow echo of an empty room greeted him. On his way out, his gaze passed over the file cabinets. Not now. They were here to search for people.
Huge exhale. Two down, five to go.
He discovered the same abandoned nothingness at the next office, eliminating the two open doors. If there was a lab here, each negative outcome increased the odds the next might be it. His heart pounded, but in a familiar way. Alert, senses heightened, his earlier moments of panic, of memories, had gone. In the groove. Doing the job. He moved on to the fourth office.
He listened to more silence at the door, then placed one hand on the knob, testing whether it was locked.
Sounds of gunfire filled his ears.
Instinctively, he drew his weapon and flattened himself against the floor. The sounds grew louder. Coming from below him, not around him. He leapt to his feet and dashed for the stairwell. He sped down the stairs, hugging the wall. “Sharkman. Sitrep,” he said into his radio. “Batgirl, come in.”
More rapid-fire gunshots. His mind raced as he worked his way down the stairs. Manny had given him a fully loaded Glock plus one magazine. Did he and Erin have more than that? Who was doing the shooting?
Derek was standing in what amounted to an echo chamber. Pinpointing direction was impossible.
For an instant, he flashed back to his last op for Blackthorne. Bodies sprawled on the dirt floor of the school. He shook it off. He placed his hand on the bar to open the stairwell door. Blew out a lungful of air. Pressed and shoved.
The gunfire had lessened, although the sound of each shot was many times louder. Derek set his earpiece deeper in his ear and keyed his radio again. “Sharkman. Batgirl. Do you copy?”
“Roger that.” Manny’s voice crackled through Derek’s ear. “Batgirl is trapped. Room two.”
The ground shook. Derek’s ears rang. Flames and smoke billowed from a room toward the end of the hall.

Chapter 35


With twelve minutes to go until ten, Sabrina sought solace in the kitchen, thinking of recipes to use in her cooking classes. The ones that came to mind were all cowboy food, and while her students needed to learn the basics, her school was designed to offer opportunities for more upscale establishments. Her dreams for her pupils didn’t entail burger flipping.
She stood in the middle of her pantry, staring at ingredients, searching for inspiration. Nothing hit, which never happened. A jar of honey reminded her of Derek’s eyes.
She might as well stare at the television, even if it meant she’d be in the same room as that damn gun.
She moved the easy chair so it faced the television set, putting the couch and end table behind her. After a quick flip through the channels, she stopped where she’d started, the twenty-four-hour local news, and rested the remote in her lap. Every second took a minute to tick by. She paced to the kitchen, stirred the soup, and came back to the chair. Still four minutes to go.
A knock at the door provided a momentary distraction. Was Derek back? He didn’t have a key. She jumped. “Who’s there?”
“It’s Derek. Let me in. Hurry.”
The voice was wrong. Half-whispers. Pauses between words. Was he hurt? She put her eye to the peephole. No one was visible. Derek wouldn’t hide. She turned, glanced at the end table. Gave about half a second’s thought to the gun. Ran to the kitchen for her phone instead.
A crash from the front door had her hands shaking so hard she couldn’t press the buttons on her cell. It fell to the floor. She grabbed the land line. The man approached. Behind him, her door stood open, hanging from the hinges.
“Relax, Miss Barton. I’m not here to hurt you.” The voice was nasal. High-pitched. Smarmy. Definitely not one she’d trust. Its owner shuffled through the kitchen door. 
She backed away, bumping into the table.
Not going to hurt her? Then why kick down her door? “What do you want?” At least that’s what she tried to say. It came out as a tremulous squeak.
“Where’s your cowboy friend? I want to talk to him, that’s all.” The man snuffled, then lumbered toward her. Stooped shoulders, arms hanging in front of him, gorilla-like. Shaggy black hair salted with strands of gray. Big, round glasses. A red New Mexico Lobos hoodie. Dirty jeans. Scuffed boots. Heavy work boots, not cowboy. And one boot stomped on her cell phone. It crunched against the tile floor like cracking eggshells.
She continued backing away, around the table, toward the kitchen counter.
Smart move, idiot. He’s got you cornered, and he’s between you and your phone.
She tried to think. He’d asked for Derek, not her. “He left. Hours ago. For his ranch.”
“Without his hat? I don’t believe you.” He shuffled closer.
She stepped backward another pace. “So, he forgot it. He’s not here. You can see for yourself.”
The man shrugged, glanced at his wrist. “Whatever you say. In a few minutes, it won’t matter.”
She checked the clock. Almost ten. “What’s going to happen at ten?”
He narrowed his eyes. “What do you know about ten?” His voice had shifted. Deeper. Sharper, not nasal. He yanked off his glasses, set them on the table.
Oh, God, had she blown it? Was he from Pure, Straight, and Proud? She looked again. Tried to compare him to the images Adam had shown her. Could he be Ripley? According to Adam, the man altered his appearance regularly, so he wouldn’t look like those pictures anymore. And Derek had said he might get out on bail.
He darted for her, no longer a shuffling gorilla. A lithe cheetah. His grip on her arm was as effective as any predator’s jaws. Struggling made him clamp down harder. He twisted her arm behind her until she feared he’d break a bone. He yanked her toward the living room. “Let’s go watch television and you can see for yourself.”
Fighting wasn’t helping. She thought of Derek’s gun. Could she get away long enough to get it, remember how the safety worked and point it at him? Would that be enough? Or would he be able to tell she was bluffing?
Did he have a gun of his own? If so, he’d shoot her long before she could do anything with Derek’s.
He released her arm from behind her and shoved her onto the couch—and he was the one sitting near the end table. She stared at the open door. Should she make a run for it? No, he gripped her arm again. At least he wasn’t twisting it this time.
She wiggled, tried to move farther from him, but he growled something unintelligible and squeezed harder.
Should she call for help? Nobody else on this floor would be home at this time of day. Had anyone downstairs heard the noise? Would they come check? Call the cops? Mrs. Porro below her might. She liked to believe she was the building’s watchdog. Sabrina knew she couldn’t rely on a lucky break. If she was going to get out of this, she’d have to figure something out herself.
The time display in the corner of the screen ticked over to ten o’clock. The newscaster was relating the upcoming stories. The usual perky smile. No interruptions, no sign of alarm. Sabrina slid her gaze to her captor. He frowned, drummed his fingertips on his thigh.
“Get on with it,” he muttered.
The first story, something about possible corruption in the mayor’s office—nothing new there—wrapped up. A set of commercials followed. Then a tease about the weather and upcoming stories. No mention of any epidemic, or any radical group making demands. The man’s grip on her arm loosened.
“Aren’t there any other news channels?” he asked.
“I suppose. I never watch anything but this one,” she said. “It’s local, though. Are you waiting for something national?” Keep him calm, be helpful. “The remote is over there.” She pointed to the floor beside the easy chair.
“This is the right channel,” he said. “It’ll happen. Some pompous-ass manager must feel obligated to check everything out before airing it.”
“What are we watching for, Mr.—? I don’t know your name. You know mine. That doesn’t seem fair. I have to call you something.”
“Mr. Smith will be fine,” he said. “I thought you said you knew what was happening at ten o’clock.”
She feigned innocence. “No, you said it was a few minutes until something happened, and since it was almost ten, I assumed it would be then.”
His narrowed eyes said he didn’t believe her, but he relaxed his grip slightly, bending toward the television, as if urging the set to report the story he was waiting to hear. She kept her breathing as steady as her fear allowed. Tried to come up with a plan. If she ran into the hall, he’d catch her in no time. Get out through the storage room? She’d need a good head start, and she’d have to cross by him to get there.
Three sharp beeps from the television brought her out of her fruitless musings. Mr. Smith’s grip on her arm tightened.
The newscaster’s perky grin had switched to a somber expression. “This just in. An explosion at the former America’s Bank building near Old Town has firefighters rushing to put out the blaze. No cause has been determined yet, and the biggest threat seems to be to the nearby Hotel Albuquerque, a luxury landmark hotel. It is unknown whether there were any people in the bank building, which has been vacant for more than a year. We’ll continue to keep you updated as to the severity of the situation.”
Sabrina’s mouth hung open. Did Derek, Erin, and Manny have anything to do with this? Or were they undiscovered victims?



Derek staggered backward, thrown by the force of the explosion. Acrid smoke rolled toward him, filling the hallway. He fumbled in his back pocket for his bandana and tied it, bandit style, over his mouth and nose. “Sharkman. What’s your twenty?” he coughed into his radio.
No answer.
Damnation.
Staying low, Derek worked his way along the wall. So far, the flames were at the far end, but it was the smoke that killed, not the fire. Something crackled in his earpiece. He strained to make out the words. Amidst the static, he made out Bat, Lab, and Virus. Hurt, or was it help? He stumbled onward. If Manny was transmitting, he was still alive. But where? With Erin? He’d said she was trapped. By the fire? The bad guys?
Asking questions kept his mind open to any eventualities. But reality said he had to find Manny and Erin. Deal with any obstacles along the way. He continued moving down the hall.
No sprinkler system, no fire alarms. But this was no remote jungle. Someone would have called the fire department. Help would be coming, but would it be soon enough? He hunched past another door. Repeated his call to Manny.
“See you,” came through Derek’s earpiece. “Next office down. Need help.”
Derek crab-walked toward the room, eyes streaming. Fire raged in his lungs. What was he breathing? More than plain smoke. Chemical fire?
He almost crashed into a pair of legs. A hand reached down. A muffled voice said, “Hurry, Professor.”
Hearing his code name, Derek relaxed the grip on his Glock and stared at the owner of the extended hand. A man wearing a surgical mask. The build, clothes, and eyes confirmed it was Manny. The man yanked him to his feet and they ran, half stumbling down the hallway, past another office. Manny stopped at an open door near the end of the hall. “Through here.” He plunged inside.
Derek hesitated in the doorway, assessing the situation before following Manny. Corner office. Windows blown out. Outside air blew through the room, clearing the smoke, making it possible to see more than in the hallways. But was the breeze filling the air with the virus? Did it matter at this point?
He scanned the rest of the room. Fluorescent light fixtures dangled askew from the ceiling. Lab equipment he didn’t recognize. High school chemistry lab classes came to mind.
“Get over here,” Manny shouted.
Derek took off his bandana and wiped at the watery stinging in his eyes. Bodies on the floor. One, two, three, four. Not moving.
Suck it up. None of this was your fault.
Manny knelt beside a refrigerator lying face down, jammed between two lab tables. “She’s stuck.”
Derek moved closer. An arm poked out from beneath one side of the appliance. He tried lifting an edge. Not even a budge. What was inside this thing? He cast a quick glance at the other bodies on the floor.
“Forget them. Dead.” Manny tugged off his mask. “And these tables, besides weighing a ton, are bolted to the floor. But Erin has a pulse.”
For a moment, he saw not a refrigerator, but a massive bookshelf, its contents scattered all over a dirt floor. Children—children who shouldn’t have been there according to intel—trapped beneath the toppled wooden shelving. He’d lifted the bookshelf. Then another barrage of gunfire, an onslaught of IEDs, and he, protected by the shelf, was the lone member of his team left alive. The children, their bodies crushed when the unit had fallen—all gone.
That was then.
This is now.
“We’re going to need serious leverage,” Derek said. “Fire and rescue should have the right equipment.”
“No telling how long it’ll take them to get here.”
“Is Adam acting as our intel man? Wasn’t he in touch with the Albuquerque PD? Shouldn’t they be here by now? You want me to run down and get help?”
“No time.” Manny pointed to a door next to the space left when the refrigerator fell over. Flames licked at the gap between the door and the floor. “The explosion came from that room. There might be more. It could blow at any time.”
Derek looked around for anything to serve as a pry bar. Or, better yet, for a fire extinguisher.
Nothing.
“We get it up far enough,” Derek said. “I’ll support it, you get her out.” He and Manny positioned themselves at the top of the refrigerator, squatting down, working their hands beneath the edge.
“On three.” Derek tensed his quads. “One. Two.” Instead of three, another explosion rocked the room.
“Three!” Manny shouted.
Derek grunted, heaved, and lifted. As soon as the fridge was high enough, he twisted his body so the appliance rested on his back, and hoped Erin’s legs weren’t pinned under the part still resting on the floor. No way could he and Manny levitate this damn box.
“Got it?” Manny asked.
“Yep. Get her out.” Derek braced himself for the added weight as Manny ducked under the refrigerator. He moved to the left, allowing Manny as much room as possible to get Erin out between the two lab tables. Internal injuries were a concern, but death was a far bigger one.
“Got her,” Manny said.
Derek waited until he was certain Manny had pulled Erin out of the path of the refrigerator. “Let it drop or stand it up?”
Manny leaned in, checking out the front of the fridge. “It’s padlocked shut. Whatever’s inside is going to stay there. Either way will work.”
“It’s coming down.” Derek gauged the clearance he’d need to leap out of the way before the refrigerator crashed. Manny had apparently anticipated this part of the rescue, and Erin was off to the right. He shifted, hoping the angle would send the refrigerator onto one of the tables, straightened, then sprang away.
Sirens wailed, their piercing cries growing closer. “Sounds like the cavalry is on its way. Do we have a cover for our presence, or do we need to boogie?” Derek bent over, hands on his knees, breathing hard.
“Let Adam spin it,” Manny said. “I want to get Erin into the hands of the medics ASAP.”
Derek stared at her body. Now that she was out from under, and the refrigerator was resting against the lab table, the blood pool where she’d been lying made his stomach churn. Spots flickered at the edges of his vision. The room swayed. Erin was still alive. She had to be.

Chapter 36


Sabrina hardly noticed Mr. Smith’s fingers digging into her arm as she stared at the television set. What did they mean, they’d keep viewers updated? This was happening now. Why didn’t they have coverage?
Even knowing there was no way a news crew could have reached the site and set up a remote broadcast this quickly didn’t lessen her anxiety. And, since she’d told Mr. Smith Derek was on his way to Colorado, she needed to project a sense of calm. Or at least innocent ignorance. If John’s journals had sent Derek, Erin, and Manny to the building, and if they’d been the ones to start the fire, then she couldn’t let Mr. Smith connect her to the explosion. There was no doubt this was the story he’d been waiting for, albeit with a different outcome.
“This is impossible.” Mr. Smith jerked her to the couch, shoved her down and pulled out his cell phone, keeping his eyes on her while he tapped in a call.
But this time she was close to the end table. Would he be engrossed enough in his phone call not to notice her reaching for the drawer? Or pulling out a gun? If she did, wouldn’t he shoot her first? She hadn’t seen a gun, but the baggy sweatshirt could conceal a weapon.
If Mr. Smith had one, wouldn’t he have shown it when he’d first barged into her kitchen? Not worth the risk. He clumped toward the doorway, blocking her escape route. She listened to his phone call, but all he said was “What’s going on?” and then it was nothing but silence on his end. Someone else doing all the talking. His expression darkened. He glared at her. “I have the woman.” His hand patted his side, as if checking for his weapon.
Her heart drummed. Her ears rang. He couldn’t be talking about anyone but her. What did he want with her? She had nothing to offer. The cops, the CDC, Blackthorne—everyone was all over this.
Mr. Smith continued to listen. Every time he nodded, Sabrina’s heart raced faster. Were they telling him what to do with her?
The television chimed again. Mr. Smith stepped away from the door, attention fixed to the television. But if she tried to run, she’d have to go past him. Tentatively, she shifted on the couch. He hadn’t noticed. The newscaster’s voice droned in her ear like a hive of bees. No words penetrated, only sound.
Seconds, then minutes ticked by. Ten-fifteen. Twenty.
She stood. Still, Mr. Smith seemed engrossed in whatever the newscaster was saying. Sabrina caught isolated words. Casualties, unknown origin, police, fire. She crab-walked toward the kitchen. To the phone. Nine one one. Three button presses. That’s all she needed. The emergency operators would be able to trace the call even if she couldn’t speak.
She’d reached the kitchen doorway before he noticed. He barreled after her. She ran for the phone. Fumbled with the buttons. He came after her. She ran around the table, behind the counter. He was inches away, reaching for the phone.
She threw the phone at him. Grabbed the chef’s knife from her block. Gripped it with both hands. He dodged the phone. She waved the knife. He reached to his side. Pulled out a gun. She ran at him, knife extended. Struck out at anything within reach. Over and over. Again. Again.
He slumped to the floor. She darted past, snatched the phone, and ran for the hallway. She got as far as the dining room before her knees gave way and she collapsed in a shaky heap.

Someone shook her shoulder and she stared into the concerned blue eyes of a police officer. “Miss Barton?”
Sabrina nodded. The officer pried the phone from her hand. Maybe she’d punched in 911 after all. The memories flooded back. She tried to stand, but the officer pressed a hand to her shoulder. “The paramedics are on their way. Let them check you out.”
She gestured toward the kitchen. “In there. Mr. Smith. Not his name. He … he—”
“It’s all right, Miss Barton. One of our officers is with him now.”
“He tried …  A gun …  I  …”
“Did he hurt you?” the officer asked. He took her hand, stained with blood.
She shook her head, as much to clear it as to answer. “No. I … I had to. He would have—”
“Can I get you some water?” the officer said. “Help you to the couch?”
She accepted his arm as she struggled to her feet. The television set still played the news. A burning building. Fire engines. Police cars. Ambulances. She checked the time. Ten twenty-six.
Derek. Was he there?
She pointed at the set. “What happened?”
“Fire,” the officer said.
“Was anyone hurt?”
“Ma’am, I don’t know. Right now, it’s you I’m worried about. Let me get you that water.” He settled her on the couch and went to the kitchen.
The officer was talking to his partner, their voices subdued. She found the remote, raised the volume, and was on the couch before the officer returned with a glass of water. Focused on the news, she drained the glass, glad some of her shakiness had gone.
“Four bodies were recovered,” the newscaster read. “No identifications have been made at this time.”
Four? Derek, Erin, and Manny made three. Who else was there? Dizziness enveloped her.
“Miss Barton, I’ll need your statement.” The officer took her empty glass, set it on the coffee table, and pulled a small notebook and pen from his pocket.
Motion at her doorway pulled her attention away from the officer and the television set. Derek rushed inside. “Sabrina. What happened?”



Derek halted at the look of shock on Sabrina’s face as her hands covered her mouth. He glanced down, saw the stains on his clothes. Blood and smoke. A police officer spun to face him, one hand at the weapon holstered at his hip.
Lifting his hands in the air, Derek took a tentative step forward. “It’s okay, Officer. I’m a friend.”
“That’s right, Officer.” Sabrina paused, as if unsure of how much information to relay to the cop.
Derek filled in the blanks, explaining away his battered appearance. “I was sightseeing in Old Town. You heard about the explosion and fire?”
The officer nodded.
“I was nearby. Got a little closer than I should have.” He attempted a chuckle. “Been poking my nose where it doesn’t belong since I was two. Gets me into trouble sometimes.”
The officer seemed to accept his explanation, at least for now. “Do you need medical attention, sir? I’ve already called for the medics.”
“No, thanks.” Derek coughed, unable to speak.
Sabrina’s alarm-filled eyes kicked him in the gut. 
Eyes watering, he gazed her way. “Ate a little smoke. Mind if I sit down?” Seeing Sabrina safe had left him in a post-adrenaline, knee-weakened state.
“I need to take Miss Barton’s statement.” The officer addressed Sabrina. “Is there somewhere he can wait?”
A clattering commotion from the hall interrupted. Two paramedics wheeled in a gurney. But instead of stopping near Sabrina, they followed the officer’s outstretched arm to the kitchen. Was someone else here? Derek started to follow, but the officer’s sharp, “Don’t go in there, sir,” stopped him.
He mustered a grin, lifted his hands. “Told you. Always going where I don’t belong.”
“He can wait in my bedroom,” Sabrina said. “Or in the kitchen after the paramedics are done.”
“I’m afraid we’ll have to process the room,” the officer said. “Nobody goes in there until the crime scene crew finishes.”
“My soup,” Sabrina said. “It’s simmering on the stove. Can I go in there and turn it off?”
“We’ll take care of it,” the officer said. “Sir, if you’ll wait in the bedroom.”
Derek begrudgingly went where he was told. Wouldn’t hurt to clean up a bit.
He studied his reflection in the bathroom mirror. Clean up a lot. His bloodshot eyes stared at him through rings of soot, giving him an evil raccoon appearance. An acrid chemical smell clung to him along with the stench of smoke. A shower would be good, although he’d have to get back into these clothes, since his go bag was still in Manny’s car.
He’d managed to sneak away from the scene without being seen by the authorities. Erin had been whisked off to the nearest hospital, and Manny would be dealing with the local cops until Blackthorne stepped in to spin things. 
Another coughing fit assailed him. He’d have to ask Manny whether any of the responders had identified the chemical, whether there were any long-term side effects. He adjusted the shower to lobster boil and let the water sluice over him, hoping the steam would clear the smoke from his lungs the way the water washed the grime down the drain. He soaped, rinsed, and stood there a while longer, until the drop in the water temperature told him he’d emptied Sabrina’s hot water tank.
Toweling off, he strode to the closed bedroom door and listened. The officer was thanking Sabrina, saying he’d be in touch, and telling her to call the station for their recommended repair people. “The crime scene techs should be here within the hour. There’s no need for you to wait. They’ll be asking you to leave while they process the place anyway.”
Derek waited for the sound of a door closing, then realized there was no door to close. He’d have to take care of that for Sabrina. They had their guy, assuming whoever’d been in the kitchen was the one who’d broken the door down, so nothing new to learn there. He wondered whether the cop had told Sabrina they were going to process her apartment to see whether the story she’d told them matched the evidence.
A rap on the door. He opened it to see a shaken, distraught Sabrina. He tucked the towel around his hips and held his arms open. She chewed on her lower lip and shook her head. Pushed past him, headed for the closet. “I need to get out of here.”
“I heard.” He’d invite her to the ranch, but he didn’t think that was what she had in mind. “If you want, I can contact Blackthorne and see if they can put you up the way they did Merry.”
Her furrowed brows and flattened lips sliced into his heart. What he wanted was to grab her, hold her, make mad jungle-monkey post-op love to her, but that was for him, not her.
“No offense, but I’d rather not have anything to do with Blackthorne.” She grabbed a bunch of clothes from the closet, flung them on the bed. Then to the dresser where she repeated the motions. Next, the bathroom. His dirty clothes flew through the air.
“I can get us a motel room,” he said, snatching them as they landed at his feet.
“Us? There is no us. You said you were heading to your ranch and your cowboys. I have my cooking school to run.”
Her words were filled with anger, but her voice cracked. He was a combat-tried veteran, used to dealing with tense situations, and right now, he felt like crap himself. But no way was he letting her be alone tonight. He stepped into his jeans while she gathered bathroom accoutrements. When she emerged with a floral print plastic tote, he blocked her exit.
“Come here, Sabrina. You need to talk it out. We can go to a motel. Separate rooms.”
She lifted her chin. “You’ll tell me what happened to you, too?”
“Deal.”
She went across the hall to the storage room and returned with a small suitcase. After tossing everything into it haphazardly—something he didn’t think women ever did, which told him how upset she was—she gave him another glaring look. “You will get your gun out of my home.”
“Of course.” He’d returned the Glock to Manny, and until everything was straightened out, preferred the comfort of a weapon. “Where is it?”
“By the couch. In the end table drawer.”
He took the shirt he’d been wearing, stained and smelly, and hooked it over a finger. “I don’t think this would make a good impression on a motel clerk. You wouldn’t have a t-shirt in my size, would you?” He’d meant it as a joke, but she stomped to her dresser and rummaged in a drawer.
She yanked out a purple shirt, wadded it into a ball, and threw it at him. “Here.”
He looked at it before putting it on—he did have lines he wouldn’t cross, and a girlie t-shirt was way on the other side of one. He smiled at the message on this one. A crossed chef’s knife and fork with Don’t Mess With the Chef written over them.
He shrugged into it, then puffed out his chest. “How does it look?”
Sabrina’s jaw dropped. She burst into tears and fled from the room.

Chapter 37


Sabrina sank to the couch, shaking as sobs wracked her body. She’d almost held it together—almost—and then she’d given the cook shirt to Derek. She hadn’t thought about what it said, only that it was an extra large shirt one of her former students had given to her, stuffed in the drawer long ago. Aware of the cushion sinking beside her, and the warmth of Derek’s body suffusing over her, she wiped her eyes and blinked away the tears.
Bad enough she’d lost it in front of him once before, but twice? He didn’t touch her, though. Simply sat beside her, as if to say, I’m here if you need me.
Well, she didn’t need him. Or anyone else right now.
She got up, almost defying him to follow, and went to finish packing her suitcase. She sensed him behind her, but he turned in the hallway and went into the storage room. When she came out, dragging her suitcase, he’d begun rehanging the door. “Easier if you’ll help,” he’d said.
A few minutes, and the door was on its hinges again. He opened and closed it a couple of times, then put the tools in her toolkit. “This should secure it for now.”
“Thanks,” she whispered. She grabbed the handle of her suitcase and rolled it into the entryway. “I’ll call the manager and have him let the crime scene people in.”
Sabrina’s entire body clenched as she listened to the manager’s tirade about how everything was her fault, what an imposition it would be to have to let the police into her apartment, how repairing the door wasn’t part of their rental agreement.
“The door’s up, and I’ll put in new locks myself.” Sabrina was too angry to cry.
“Be sure I get a key,” the manager said.
“Fine.” Sabrina waited until he’d hung up before she slammed the receiver into the cradle. She grabbed her purse and stormed to the living room. “Let’s go.”
Without waiting for Derek, she yanked her suitcase, opened the door, and all but ran down the hall to the elevator.
Her brain knew jabbing the call button repeatedly wouldn’t speed the car’s arrival, but it felt good. She sensed Derek behind her, but kept her gaze on the elevator doors.
Once inside the car, she focused on the floor numbers—with the occasional slip to Derek in his ass-hugging jeans and now-familiar Stetson—as they descended to the parking garage. Her suitcase thumping behind her, Sabrina made her way to Derek’s Honda.
Right. Derek’s Honda. She paused. Would he give her the key? Or take charge, since it was his car after all. But he bypassed the Honda and kept walking.
She stood there, foot tapping, watching him stroll down the aisle to another slot. He chirped the door open, leaned into the backseat, out of sight. When he emerged, he’d traded her t-shirt for the camo shirt she’d seen him wearing before. One knot in her belly unraveled. He came back carrying his go bag, opened the driver’s side door, but didn’t get in, merely dangled the keys, eyebrows uplifted in question.
“You can drive.” She opened the rear passenger door, heaved her suitcase onto the backseat, and got into the passenger seat.
“Where to?” Derek set his bag next to hers, his hat on top. His voice was so calm, so matter-of-fact. As if this were a Sunday morning drive.
She had no clue.
Derek pulled out his cell—she made a mental note to get another new one—and after tapping screens, made a call. “Two rooms. Arriving within thirty minutes.” A pause. “That will be fine. Thank you.”
He put the phone away, started the car, and she closed her eyes. When she opened them, she’d be in her apartment, in her own bed, and she’d have a letter from John saying he was coming home for a visit.
And pigs would fly, the Devil would need a snowsuit, and she’d win the PowerBall.
Life handed you a bushel of lemons, and they’re rotten, so you can’t even make lemonade.
The car stopped. She opened her eyes. “What the hell do you think you’re doing? I need a bed for the night, nothing more.”
Derek’s lips twitched. “There are beds in here. I promise.”
“But the Parq Central? I was thinking Holiday Inn Express. This is outside my price range. And I thought your ranch budget was tight, too.”
“Not coming out of my pocket.” Derek handed his keys to the valet and got his go bag and her suitcase.
Sabrina didn’t want to ask whose pocket this was coming out of. “I told you, I didn’t want anything to do with Blackthorne.”
“And you’re not. They owe me. No need for them to even know you’re here.”
“Yeah, like they think you need two rooms?”
He strode toward the entrance. “All they had was a suite. There’s a sleeper in the living area, which I’ll take. And I’ll bet there’s a lock on the bedroom door.”
How could he be so calm?
She waited in the lobby while he took care of the check-in details. He finished, then handed her a card. The envelope said 234. She turned for the elevator.
They repeated the total strangers routine they’d used at her apartment and Derek motioned her out when the doors opened on two. He led the way down the hall, then stopped and let himself into 232.
She continued to her room. King bed, gold brocade armchair with ottoman, dresser, and—she peeked behind the half-open door—a lavish bath.
What she wanted was a kitchen, but that wasn’t going to happen. Seeing the oversize tub and the plush terry robe, the urge for a long, hot soak overcame her. 
After making sure the door to the adjoining living quarters was locked, she took a luxuriating bath, then a shower to wash her hair and make sure there were no remaining vestiges of Mr. Smith’s blood. She took her clothes, crammed them into the hotel’s plastic laundry bag, then shrugged into the robe.
Why didn’t she feel clean?
A knock from the bedroom door startled her. Did Derek have a bathroom on his side? Was she going to have to share this one? She opened the door, peeked around Derek into the living room. His scent—her shampoo, soap, and Derek—surrounded her. Along with the aroma of coffee.
“Feeling better?” he asked.
He’d removed his shoes, and his Stetson was parked—crown down—on the chest beneath the television set.
She shrugged. “I guess.”
“You agreed to talk to me. Would you be more comfortable out here?” He chinned toward the living room.
Another shrug. “I suppose.”
He stepped aside, crossed the room and sat on the couch, one ankle resting on a thigh. Although he’d left plenty of room on the couch, she sat in a chair identical to the one in her bedroom. He’d set an assortment of juices on the coffee table, along with bottles of designer water and glasses. The coffeemaker on the chest held a full pot. Ignoring them all, she stared him in the eyes. “I didn’t need your stupid gun.”
“I know,” he said. “I could tell it hadn’t been fired.”
“I’m a chef. I stabbed him. With my best knife.” Which, she realized, she’d never be able to use again. Not without remembering what she’d done to Mr. Smith.
“Sabrina—”
“No. You wanted to know what happened.” She relayed everything, from the breaking down of the door until he’d pulled the gun on her. “I wanted to call the cops. But he came at me. I had no choice. The knife was there, and I stabbed him.”
“You were defending yourself,” Derek said.
“But I kept stabbing him. Over and over and over. I … I might have killed him. He was still alive when the cops got there, but if he died later, I killed him.” She sucked in air. “And you know what? I don’t care if he’s dead or alive. And that makes me hate myself.”
She reached for a bottle of water, and stopped herself before throwing it against the wall. She held it between her legs, fixated on the label. “I’ve never felt like this. I don’t know what I feel. How I feel. Or if I feel. I’m numb and angry at the same time.”
“I went on a three-day drunk the first time I killed someone,” Derek whispered. “Numb would have been good, but nothing erased the memory.”
The first time? The thought he’d killed more than once—that he ‘got over it’—sent a spasm through her gut. She knew she could never do what she’d done again. Or could she? Derek had seemed quick to shift from rancher to operative. Was that his true calling? Was he ranching out of obligation, not passion?
Sabrina cast her eyes upward. Saw the pain etched across Derek’s face. The creases around his eyes. And the overwhelming sadness in their amber depths. She wondered what people would see when they looked at her. She wanted them to see her passion, not sadness or regret.
But now … 
Derek’s cell phone rang, the tone she’d learned belonged to Adam.
“Cooper. Talk to me.”
The sadness had left Derek’s expression. All business. Her stomach twisted again. She set the water bottle on the coffee table and went to her room. Got dressed. Called for a cab.



Derek sipped water, trying to soothe the burning in his throat. “Before you say anything, did you identify whatever chemical was released during the lab fire?”
“I can check. But we’re having a debriefing at thirteen hundred hours.”
Derek checked the time. Ninety minutes from now.
“I can Skype you in if you want,” Adam continued. “That should answer all your questions. It’s not mandatory, but if you know how we’re spinning things, your story can line up with ours. Sabrina’s welcome,” Adam added, almost as an afterthought.
“I’ll have to ask her.” Derek wasn’t sure whether Sabrina’s blanket dismissal of all things Blackthorne would be stronger than her desire to know what had happened. He knocked on the door to her bedroom. “Sabrina.”
The hall door clunked shut. Derek raced to the door on his side of the suite and saw Sabrina with her suitcase striding toward the elevator. “Sabrina. Wait.” His voice croaked.
She turned, gave him a quick once over, then continued walking.
“Sabrina. Please.”
She stopped. Phone in hand, he hurried to catch her. “Adam has answers. He—I—think you should be part of this. Please,” he said again when he reached her side. “He’ll have the real story, not what you might hear on the news.”
She looked down at her suitcase. Sighed. Turned toward the room.
Whether she was doing this because he’d asked—and with the P word, twice even—or because she was curious didn’t matter. She let herself into her bedroom and set the suitcase near the door. “When?”
“At one. Skype. Can we use your laptop?”
She glanced at the clock, at her suitcase again, then walked to the phone on the nightstand. “Please cancel the cab for now. I’ll reschedule later.”
She pulled her laptop from her suitcase and brought it to the living room. Derek realized Adam was still on the line. “We’ll be there. Give me the particulars.”
“I’ll need the Skype account,” Adam said. “I’ll make sure you’re included.”
“From the beginning,” Derek said. He had too much invested in this op to let Blackthorne feed him what they wanted him to hear.
“I don’t have a Skype account,” Sabrina said.
“We can download the program and I’ll use mine,” Derek said. “I need you to log in.”
Sabrina turned on her machine. “Log in as guest. No password.” She went toward the bedroom, then turned. “How are Erin and Manny?” she called, loud enough for Adam to hear.
Crap. Derek had been so focused on Sabrina, he hadn’t even thought of Erin. He also noted she hadn’t asked about Mr. Smith.
“Erin will be okay,” Adam said.
Derek breathed a sigh of relief. Sabrina glared at him, as if she’d heard what Adam hadn’t said, which was something had happened to Erin. Since she didn’t ask about Manny again, he assumed she’d figured out he was all right.
“That’s great news,” Derek said.
Sabrina completed her retreat to her room. Adam told him the side effects of the chemical—harmless other than irritation—should be gone within twenty-four hours. Other than saying the mission was considered a success, Adam said the rest would have to wait until the debriefing.
Derek knocked on Sabrina’s door. “Are you all right? The hotel has a laundry room, and I want to get my clothes washed.”
Silence.
He tapped again. “I could do yours, too.”
The door opened enough to admit a hand holding a plastic bag. “Guess this will make us even,” she said.
“Sabrina—”
“I need to get a new cell phone so Renae and Tanya can call if they need me. And Merry. I’ll try to be here for the Skype call.” And the door closed again.

Derek brought the clean laundry to his room and changed into his jeans and western shirt. After hearing Sabrina’s story, he knew why the tee she’d given him had upset her, but it wasn’t for him to throw away. He added it to the clothes she’d given him and checked the lock on her bedroom door. The knob turned. He knocked. No response. He opened it, peeked inside. No Sabrina napping on the bed, so he put her clothes on the chair and went to set up Skype on her laptop.
Adam had invited him to the call when Sabrina walked in. Her hand trembled as she reached for a bottle of water. The bottle shook in her hand as she struggled with the cap. He opened a second bottle, poured some into a glass, and handed it to her, gripping her hands under his to help steady her. When she looked at him, seeing him, heat flooded him. Had her little excursion into a normal routine of shopping helped? Had she touched base with Tanya, or Renae, or Merry?
“If you sit here, you’ll be able to see,” Derek said to Sabrina, centering the laptop on the coffee table.
She settled onto the couch, leaving a prim and proper distance between them. Or was it because she didn’t want the camera to pick her up?
Faces, most of which Derek didn’t recognize, came into view. One exception was Horace Blackthorne, Blackthorne, Inc.’s head honcho and Derek’s former boss. Blackthorne bobbed his chin. “Mr. Cooper. Good to see you again.” Reflexively, Derek straightened his posture.
Derek half-listened to the introductions, paying more attention to Sabrina, who was still too pale. At least she’d stopped shaking. Giving her the space she seemed to need took all of his self control.
One by one, each member of the team gave his report. Six members of Pure, Straight, and Proud had been apprehended across the country. Their approach had been disjointed, and poor communication between the various factions had made it easy for the authorities to find and destroy the Washington state lab, as well as four others in Kansas, Vermont, South Dakota, and Missouri. The Albuquerque lab was the one messy takedown.
“The group was targeting less populated areas first, hoping they’d have their demands met without having to resort to spreading the virus in the big cities,” the FBI agent said.
“Nice of them,” Derek muttered.
The CDC representative chimed in. “The initial gastro-intestinal virus proved unstable, plus people with those symptoms tended to stay home rather than get out where they’d spread the disease. The respiratory virus had mutated into several varieties, and the group was testing different ones in different locations. What’s unusual is that they had the smarts and wherewithal to create these labs—unlike bacteria, viruses aren’t easy to culture—but the non-science side people were more fanatical than smart.”
“Easier to catch the dumb ones,” Adam said.
“Do you have a cure? For those who might still come down with the disease?” Sabrina shot Derek a pointed look.
“For some of the strains, yes,” CDC Man said. “Most of the group’s science and medical recruits were smart enough to make sure they weren’t going to suffer the consequences of their own research. However, this virus seems to have a rapid mutation rate, so it’s possible there are even more strains of the bug out there.”
“Okay, so we’ve stopped the bad guys,” Derek said. “What about this Mr. Smith who threatened Sabrina? Whose side was he on?” Feeling Sabrina tense beside him, Derek didn’t ask about the man’s condition.
A New Mexico police officer responded. “Mr. Smith was one of the persons responsible for the initial break-in to Miss Barton’s apartment. He took it upon himself to keep an eye on her, hoping to work his way back into the favor of the person who hired him.”
“Ripley?” Derek asked. “And is he still in custody?”
“Yes to both, at least for the time being,” the officer said. “His lawyer’s working on bail, but the prosecutors are bombarding the judge with excellent reasons to keep him locked up.”
Blackthorne cleared his throat. “Miss Barton, are you there?”
She sat up straighter, too. “Yes, sir.” But she didn’t move into camera range.
“I want to commend you for your efforts on behalf of the citizens of our country. Thanks to your discovery of the hidden codes in your brother’s journal, the locations of all six labs were identified in time to dispatch the authorities. Allow me to express my gratitude—and my condolences at the loss of your brother. If it were possible, he’d be touted as a hero. However, given the nature of our business, I’m afraid both your contributions will have to remain anonymous.”
“I’m glad it helped, Sir.”
“Know you can call on Blackthorne should you ever need our assistance,” he said.
Derek was glad the daggers Sabrina shot at Blackthorne were off camera. He couldn’t imagine anything worrisome enough to have her call in the man’s offer.
The box around Adam’s image flashed. “The disjointed approach P S and P took works to our advantage. As far as anyone is concerned, these were isolated incidents, and since the fire in Albuquerque is the one event with any news coverage, it’s being explained as a group of people using the abandoned building as a meth house who lost their lives due to careless processing. Not an uncommon result of cooking.”
“So, it’s over?” Sabrina asked.
“As far as you and Mr. Cooper are concerned, yes,” the boss said.
The New Mexico officer straightened in his seat. “We’ve expedited the investigation of Miss Barton’s apartment, and we’ll take care of her door. The results based on the crime lab’s evidence is that Miss Barton was acting in self-defense, as she explained, and there’s no need for further action.”
“Thank you.” Sabrina’s voice was void of any emotion. She went to the bedroom.
He’d give her time to process what they’d heard. Meanwhile, he logged off her computer and called the ranch. Cecily answered. “Hey, Sis. Things got complicated. I’ll be back tomorrow. Can you hold things together until then?”
In an uncharacteristic lack of curiosity, she gave him a brief rundown on the state of the ranch. “You heard about KJ, right?” she asked.
“Yeah. Too bad.”
“His dad’s taking it hard. Thinking of selling his spread. Thought I’d mention it.”
In ranching, it was all about the land, but right now, Derek couldn’t deal with the thought of approaching Kenny with an offer—if the bank would give him a loan. “Say hi to Charlie.” He almost added, “And Bryce,” but decided that was pushing it.
His head ached and his eyes still stung. He leaned back on the couch and turned on the television to see how the news was spinning the story. He heard muffled sounds from the television in Sabrina’s room. Doing the same thing, he’d wager. Dare he go in and ask to watch with her?
Not wanting to leave himself open to her rebuffs, he began working out an approach for later.

Chapter 38


Sabrina lay on the bed, the television tuned to the news. The coverage agreed with what Adam had said. Firefighters were summoned to a fatal accident at a meth lab. The newscasters were following with tales of meth, its dangers and the number of yearly accidents attributed to cooking the drug. Public service more than relevant news. Blackthorne must have good spin doctors.
The newscasters droned on, fading to white noise. Exhaustion rolled over Sabrina like a layer of fondant. She’d planned to drop by her school after the Skype meeting, but her eyelids drooped shut. A short nap, then the school. Then home.
Home. A home which had been invaded twice in the last two weeks. She hadn’t felt comfortable after the first break-in. Now, memories and visions of Mr. Smith and what she’d done to him had stolen what had always been her sanctuary.
She awoke an hour later.
Not exactly a short nap, but it was still early enough to check on Tanya, to make sure she had an escape hatch from any gang retribution. Now that their crisis was over, would Derek consider offering Tanya his cook position? She brushed her teeth, rinsed her face, but didn’t feel refreshed.
The aroma of coffee sent her to the living room for a caffeine boost. Derek was lying on the couch, television on, sound muted. The remote lay on the floor next to his cell phone.
“Derek? Did you think about hiring—” She went to his side and froze. His head lolled on his chest.
“Derek?” she repeated.
Nothing.
She brushed his forehead with her fingertips. Even that brief contact was enough to tell he burned with fever.
Hadn’t the guy from the CDC said they had cures, or treatments for some of the strains? Did Derek have one of those? Or had he come down with a mutation? Whatever he’d come in contact with in the lab this morning couldn’t have acted this fast. Or could it?
Questions whirled through her mind. Should she call an ambulance? She remembered what Derek had said about how KJ had died—from something in the hospital, not the virus. Should Derek stay here, away from an added infection? Had he already given the virus to her? Wasn’t it supposed to take another day before he was contagious?
Adam. He’d have answers.
She grabbed Derek’s phone, scrolled through his contacts for Adam’s number.
“Professor? What now?” he said.
“It’s me. Sabrina. I’m pretty sure Derek has the virus. He’s passed out on the couch. He’s burning up. Should I call an ambulance?”
“For now, make him comfortable while I make a few calls. I’ll get back to you. Call me immediately if there’s any change.”
When Adam disconnected, it was as if she’d stepped into a void. She held Derek’s wrist searching for a pulse, but had no idea what it should feel like if she’d been able to find it. His chest moved up and down, so she knew his heart was beating and he was breathing. Wheezing.
“Derek? Can you hear me? Say something. Blink your eyes or squeeze my hand. Do something.”
She stared at his cell phone, willing it to ring.
Adam, where are you? Call me.
When Derek groaned, she crouched by his side. “Derek. Can you tell me anything about how you feel? When did this start? How did it start? I need to tell Adam so he can check with his people.”
Silence. Not even another groan. Then a labored gasp. A pause where she stopped breathing, too. At last, another wheezing gasp.
Sabrina grabbed the phone, punched in Adam’s number. “He’s still not responding, and he’s having trouble breathing. Please, what should I do? He needs a doctor.”
“I’ve called the CDC in Albuquerque. They’re sending an ambulance and a doctor. Should be there within twenty minutes.”
“Wait,” she said. “We’re not at my apartment. We’re at the Parq Central. Derek’s in room two thirty-two. Did the doctor say what to do while we wait?”
“Keep him propped up to ease his breathing. Lots of fluids.”
“That’s it?” Clutching the phone, she ran to her bedroom, grabbed the pillows from her bed and worked them behind Derek’s back.
“Until the doc gets there, yes.”
She touched Derek’s forehead again. Sweat filmed his face. She grabbed a napkin from the table and blotted the droplets away. “What about me?” she asked. “I’ve been exposed now, for sure.”
“Ask the doc,” Adam said. “For what it’s worth, Manny isn’t showing symptoms and neither is Erin.”
So when Adam had said Erin was going to be okay, he wasn’t talking about the virus. A groan followed by a coughing fit from Derek derailed that thought train. “I have to go.”
She poured water into a glass. “Derek. Are you awake? Can you drink this?”
Still no response, and she knew better than to try to force it on him. Cold compresses? Did those do any good? She darted to the bathroom, dampened a washcloth, and used it to wipe his forehead. Couldn’t hurt.
She figured she’d walked about five miles pacing the room waiting for the doctor when a knock sounded at the door.
She opened it to a Latino man in scrubs holding a medical kit. “Sabrina Barton? Derek Cooper? I’m Dr. Perez.”
“Yes. Please. Do something. You know about the new virus, right?”
The doctor pulled on a surgical mask, gloves, and plugged a stethoscope into his ears. The mask hid any changes in his expression as he listened to Derek’s heart, propped him forward, and listened to his back. Took his blood pressure. His temperature. He asked whether Derek had complained about not feeling well when he’d collapsed. She wished she had more than “I don’t know” responses.
He stepped away from Derek. “And you, Miss Barton? How are you feeling?”
“Tired. Stressed. Not sick, though.”
“May I?” He motioned her to the chair and repeated what he’d done for Derek. “You seem fine, but I want you to come with me to the medical center. Let me run tests on both of you.”
“Will I have to stay in the hospital?” Part of her wanted to be closer to Derek, another part couldn’t understand why.
Because if you hadn’t shown up on his ranch, this would never have happened. Sure, he’s a nice guy, but it’s guilt. Just guilt.
“Depends on what we find. I suggest you pack a bag.”
Since she’d never unpacked, she had what amounted to a go bag. She added her clean laundry and found Dr. Perez clipping his cell phone to his belt. Sabrina found Derek’s bag, added his laundry and his phone. She wondered about checking out of the room, but assumed Derek would have provided payment information, so once the doctors had run their tests, she’d be free to go home.
Home. Again, the thought made her gut feel like a roller coaster was hurtling inside it. She could bunk with Renae. Or sleep at the school. Or get another—cheaper—hotel room.
Another knock on the door. A man with a gurney. He and Dr. Perez transferred Derek from the couch. She shouldered Derek’s bag and grabbed her purse and suitcase. They took the service elevator to the hotel basement, then out to a loading dock where an ambulance waited.
“You ride up front,” Dr. Perez said. “I’ll be in back with Mr. Cooper.”
They loaded Derek into the ambulance. The gurney man got behind the wheel, and within seconds, they’d left the hotel. “Where are we going?” Sabrina asked.
“Medical Center,” the man said. He offered nothing more, and she didn’t press. They’d driven about five minutes when Dr. Perez shouted, “Step up to Code Three.”
The driver flipped a switch, and a siren’s wail pierced the relative silence. Sabrina gripped the armrest as the ambulance sped through the streets. They reached the medical center where a man and woman in blue scrubs rushed their way. The driver made Sabrina wait in the ambulance while they unloaded Derek and propelled the gurney toward the entrance. Once they’d disappeared, he said, “Come with me, please.”
“What happened?” she asked.
“Breathing issues,” the driver said.
So much for details. Sabrina was ushered to a room, forced to change into a hospital gown and get into bed. Medical staff came in wearing yellow gowns, booties over their shoes, caps over their hair, gloves and masks, looking like overgrown baby ducks. She gave up protesting, submitted to pokes, prods, injections, and bloodletting. Questions about Derek’s condition were deflected with noncommittal variations on He’s being well cared for. Questions about her own health received, Dr. Perez will have to answer that responses.
Why hadn’t she packed a book in her suitcase? The television set offered three choices. Soaps, sports, and sitcoms.
At five, another overgrown duck brought Sabrina what she called dinner. Since she’d skipped lunch, Sabrina was willing to eat the bowl of clear broth and two pieces of dry toast, washed down with apple juice. The green Jell-O she left untouched.
Had someone put her soup in the fridge? She braced herself for a science project when she got home.
As she spooned up the last of her broth, she wondered whether she could get Tanya—or any of her students—jobs in hospital kitchens. They could use their skills to upgrade the fare. Couldn’t make it any worse.
The last fingers of sunlight had faded from the window when Dr. Perez came into the room, gowned, gloved, and masked.
“How’s Derek?” she asked.
“We’re keeping him comfortable.”
What did that mean? Were they trying to give him a painless death? Her stomach churned. Maybe that’s why they gave her bland food. So she wouldn’t throw it all up.
Dr. Perez pulled a chair closer to the bed and sat. Although only his eyes were visible, his exhaustion was apparent. “He seems to have a particularly virulent strain of the virus, not identical to the one discovered at the Albuquerque lab. However, our team thinks the vaccine discovered in the other labs, which weren’t destroyed, should lessen the severity of the disease.”
“Will it cure him?” she asked.
“There is no cure.”
She gripped the covers. “So he’s going to—”
Dr. Perez interrupted. “I mean, his own body, his own immune system will have to fight the disease. The vaccine gives him a boost. In fact, we’ve given it to you as well, but we’re going to have to keep you here, in isolation, until the incubation period is over. If you don’t show signs of the disease, you’ll be released.”
“How long?” she asked.
“Three days should do it.”
Three days? What was she going to do for three days?

Chapter 39


Six weeks later

Derek sat at his desk and stared at his bank statement. Blinked. Made sure he was looking at the right account. If someone had hacked into his account, they’d have taken money out, not put more in. He reached for the phone before realizing nobody would be in the bank on Sunday.
Strange. The amount was almost exactly what he’d need to make an offer on the McMillan place.
A triple rap on the door jamb interrupted, followed by “lunch,” and he logged out of the bank’s website. Time flew when you were balancing the books. “Be right there.”
Charlie thumped his tail and waited beside the desk until Derek rose to his feet. “I’m fine, fella. The docs gave me a clean bill of health three weeks ago, remember. But I appreciate your concern.” He leaned down, scratched Charlie behind the ears.
The dog stuck by his side as Derek walked to the kitchen. Two weeks in the hospital, another week recuperating in a rehab center, had taken their toll, but he felt normal. Or close enough. He’d been working cattle for the last week, but Charlie wasn’t letting Derek out of his sight—to Bryce’s chagrin.
His email notification chimed as he reached the door. It would have to wait, because being late for Tanya’s lunch service was unacceptable. He’d gotten over his flu, let the docs use his blood’s antibodies to make vaccine, even hired Tanya as a thank you to Sabrina, who was probably the one who’d sent the email. They’d kept in touch. Friendly, but distant. Like the get-well cards she’d sent while he was in the hospital. The proper amount of concern, hints she was living a normal life—but nothing more than hints—and she’d dodged any questions about whether she’d sought any counseling after her trauma.
She and Merry had moved into a bigger apartment, in a better neighborhood, but his requests for her address and new phone number had been ignored. He could have called in a favor or two, but knowing how Sabrina felt about anything the least bit covert, he wasn’t going to do something that might piss her off and stop what little communication he had with her. Emails a few times a week would have to suffice, even if they all started out asking about Tanya, who was working out quite well, he decided, as he sat at the table where a spread of chicken enchiladas and pulled pork sliders awaited.
“Delicious.” Frank took a second helping of both dishes. “I can’t decide which is better.”
Tanya, who was at the sink washing pots and pans, turned and beamed. She’d gotten over the hostility she’d displayed when she and Derek had met, and was growing comfortable exchanging banter with the hands. Today, however, she seemed unusually quiet.
The men filled him in on the day’s work, saying they’d finished gathering half the cattle to be shipped out the next day. “If it’s all right with you, D-Man, we thought we’d call it a day,” Tim said.
Frank shoveled in the rest of his lunch. “Yeah, I’ve got to get going.”
Sundays were shorter workdays, but since Derek had come home, everyone had been putting in extra hours, insisting they’d handle his duties.
“Thanks for your work today. And I’ll be with you tomorrow morning to gather the rest. Trucks should be here by eight.”
The men finished eating, took care of bussing their dishes, and left.
Tanya finished cleanup and flashed a smile as she hurried toward the door. “You have a good day, Mr. Cooper. See you tomorrow.”
She’d seemed mildly secretive the last few days. Had she made a friend in town? As long as it wasn’t someone who would lure her away from the job, Derek was more than fine with it.
Derek went to his office, anticipating the email from Sabrina. Instead, it was from Cecily with another progress report on the work program for her strays. He moved it to his deal with it later folder. He’d already told her he’d be willing to help, and used Tanya as an example of his big-heartedness.
“She doesn’t count,” Cecily had said. “You hired her. You’re not training her. Sabrina did that.”
Derek moved to the living room, tuned the television set to a cooking show. Damn, he was pathetic. But he imagined it was Sabrina, not the host, explaining how to debone a chicken. And what it would be like for her to be guiding his hands through the task.
Definitely pathetic.
Charlie plopped down beside the couch. Against his will, Derek closed his eyes. He shouldn’t still be needing a mid-day nap. But despite what he’d insisted to Charlie and his hands, he wasn’t at a hundred percent yet.
The clang of the doorbell brought him out of the slumber he’d been unable to resist. He hadn’t returned to the unlocked door policy. The chances were remote, but someone from Pure, Straight, and Proud might be holding a grudge.
He opened the door and found a box on the porch. No address, no label, and for that matter, the mail didn’t get delivered on Sundays. He stepped onto the porch, searching for a car or whoever had dropped off the box. Nothing. Charlie darted outside.
“Now you decide to leave me alone?”
Derek carried the box inside to the coffee table. With a what the hell shrug, he opened it. Cupcakes. Frosted in pale yellow. The aroma of lemon and sugar assaulted his nostrils.
Charlie bounded into the room from the kitchen. Followed by Sabrina. She’d gone blond again, but no purple. No spikes. He froze, rooted like the pine trees in the yard. She stopped in the doorway. Waited. His feet weren’t listening to his brain, which was saying run to her, you idiot.
She scuffed a sneakered toe on the floor. “Usually, when there’s a newcomer to the neighborhood, the neighbors give welcome presents, but I thought I’d do it the other way round.”
His brain was no better at processing what she’d said than it had been trying to get his feet to move.
“I’m your new neighbor,” she said, an impish grin on her face. “Sort of. I hope you don’t mind.”
Finally, he could move. He raced across the room and swept her in an embrace. “I won’t pretend I understand, but damn, I’m glad to see you.” His brain might not be firing on all cylinders, but another part of him was. A part that hadn’t made itself known in six weeks.
“Offer me a cupcake, and I might explain,” she said.
He swooped her up and carried her to the couch. “Have a cupcake. Have two. Three. Six.”
He inhaled her scent. Touched her cheek. “You’re real.”
“Well, yeah.” She laughed.
His heart soared. “I dreamed about you while I was in the hospital. I thought you’d come to my room. Touched me.”
Her smile disappeared. “I did. Once. The only time they’d let me.”
“I must have known. Replayed it, even though it was always a doctor or nurse I saw. None of them looked like you. Or smelled like you.”
“Big yellow baby ducks,” she said. “That’s what they looked like to me.”
This time he laughed. “You’re right.”
He took a cupcake, handed it to Sabrina, then took one for himself. Trying not to get his hopes up, he said, “Tell me what you meant about being sort of neighbors. What about your cooking school?”
She swallowed a bite of cupcake, then set it on the end table. Derek would have gone for napkins, but his curiosity trumped being the good host.
“I let Renae buy me out,” she said. “I wasn’t … happy … there anymore. So, when Cecily was talking about her project—”
“Wait. You’ve been talking to Cecily?” He’d kill his sister.
Sabrina gave a sheepish grin. “It started while you were still in the hospital. She kept me updated. And, she can be … persuasive … when she wants something.”
“No kidding.” Derek put his hand on Sabrina’s knee. Gently. Testing. She didn’t pull away. “I hope you don’t think me rude, but can you fast-forward to what brings you here today?”
“Albuquerque held too many bad memories. I’m not saying everything that happened here was sunshine and rainbows, but there was something missing in Albuquerque.” She placed her hand atop his. “You.”
Afraid he’d choke if he tried to eat, he put his cupcake back in the box. “Go on.”
“Cecily convinced me that what happened here wasn’t the norm. I looked at the crime rate in Albuquerque and figured I was safer out here in the boonies, even if everyone carried a gun. And, boonies or not, the pool of people who need a place to learn a craft—like cooking—seems big enough to support a vocational cooking school.”
Derek tried to think of vacant buildings in town. None suitable came to mind. But what about Rampart or even Manitou? Was that what she’d meant by ‘sort of’ neighbors?
“I bought a place not far from here,” she said. “It’ll take some remodeling, but I can have my school and my home in one place.”
“Where?” he asked, still trying to figure out the geography. Would she come here to visit him? Would he have time to visit her after long days working the ranch?
“It used to belong to Kenneth McMillan.” She slanted her head, a faint smile tugging at her lips. “I think you know where it is.”
“You bought his ranch?” What was she going to do with a ranch? Could he afford to buy at least some of the acreage? A narrow strip running from his back pasture to her front door?
She shook her head. “Not the ranch. The house and an acre of land around it. Enough for a garden. Cecily and I figure by the time the kitchen’s done and up to code, we’ll have worked out the parameters for accepting students.”
Derek tried to wrap his head around Sabrina living so close.
“And,” she went on. “I want to come clean, because I don’t want any more secrets between us.”
Any more?
Did they even have secrets? Aside from him not telling her how he felt about her, which he’d take care of damn quick, on the off chance she hadn’t noticed the bulging reaction to her in his lap.
“Secrets?” he said.
She ducked her head, chewed her lip. “Remember when I said I’d never ask Blackthorne for anything?”
How could he forget her fury when Mr. Blackthorne had made the offer? “I do.”
“I told him you deserved something for putting your life on the line when you didn’t even work for him anymore. For almost dying in the process. Cecily explained how in ranching, it’s all about the land, how you’d rather sell the shirt off your back before selling land. How your family’s added to their original acres over the generations. And with the McMillan place being so close, how you were trying to figure out how to annex it.”
His heart galloped in his chest. He knew Sabrina was talking, but all he heard was his blood pounding in his ears. He grabbed her shoulders. “Slow down. Say that again. You did what?”
“I told him he should pay you. Cecily said your bank account accepted deposits from other people, so I told him to do it anonymously.”
“And she just happened to know how much money I needed for the ranch.”
Sabrina shrugged. “She gave me a number. I gave it to Mr. Blackthorne. She also said not a penny more, because you wouldn’t accept charity, but it’s not charity, it’s payment for a job you did. With a little extra for hazardous duty. Plus, your blood and its antibodies helped save lots of other lives.”
Now he was really going to kill his sister. Right after he took her out for a huge steak dinner.
He thought of the way the hands had rushed through lunch. The way Tanya had asked for the rest of the day off. “Who else knew?”
“About the money? Only Cecily. About me showing up this afternoon? I guess Cecily might have mentioned it to Tanya and your cowboys.”
Might have, his ass. He’d bet she orchestrated the whole damn thing. Hell, he figured she was having a party for them at her house right now. Which meant it was him and Sabrina. Until tomorrow morning.
“When do you move?” he asked.
“Next week. I’ll get a room at the Eagle’s Roost until then.”
“Like hell you will. Damn it, Sabrina. I don’t know how, or why, or when it happened, but I’m in love with you. You’re staying here. With me.”
“Are you asking me or ordering me?” she asked. “Because I have been thinking about this moment for a while now, and—”
“I’m asking. Pleading. Groveling. Tearing up my man card if that’s what it takes. Please, stay with me. In my house. In the guestroom if you prefer. Or the old bunkhouse. I’m not asking for a permanent commitment. Yet. Give us a chance to know each other better. Under normal circumstances.”
She arched her brows. “Do you keep a gun in your nightstand?”
“It’ll be locked in a gun safe. Downstairs. Bullets somewhere else.”
She gave him an impish grin. “I’ll consider it. Meanwhile, don’t you think you should kiss me?”
“Since you walked in. But come with me. I want this to be special.” He took her hand and led her to the pantry. Closed the door. “I hope this is the first of many, many, more.”
The way she devoured him said she agreed.

A Note From the Author
I hope you enjoyed reading this book. One thing readers can do to let an author know they've enjoyed a book is to pass the word along. If you're willing to let your friends know you think they might like the book, or tweet about it, or post it to your social media sites, that would be wonderful. Also, the best way to help readers find new authors and new books is to post a brief review. If you have a minute, I'd appreciate it if you'd go to the site where you bought this book, or any review site such as Goodreads, and let others know you liked it. And, to keep up with future works, get notice of new releases, and to have access to exclusive content, I'd love it if you'd sign up for my newsletter.

Thanks!

Terry



Acknowledgments
There is no way I could have written this book without the help and support of others. Any errors in the book belong to me. Although I try to be accurate, there are times when I take liberties for the sake of the story. After all, it is fiction, and I get to make stuff up. 
Heartfelt thanks go out to:
Wally Lind and everyone at the Crimscenewriter group for answering any questions I threw their way.
Aaron Thacker for his military expertise.
D.P. Lyle, MD for his medical expertise.
Lee Lofland for his wealth of information about all things law enforcement.
Denene Lofland, for her microbiology expertise.
The Teller County Sheriff’s Department.
My friends at Facebook who are quick to offer suggestions when I need ideas.
Dee, who won my contest and chose a character name for this book.
My critique partners, Steve and Karla, who catch things I’d never see otherwise.
The Killion Group for the cover art.
Jessica Odell for the Triple-D graphics.
Dan, my first reader and supreme supporter
Brittiany Koren of Written Dreams who made the book I gave her into something much better.
And, lastly, Feebie, who reminds me that it’s important to step away from the keyboard.


About the Author
Terry Odell began writing by mistake, when her son mentioned a television show and she thought she’d be a good mom and watch it so they’d have common ground for discussions. 
Little did she know she would enter the world of writing, first via fanfiction, then through Internet groups, and finally in groups with real, live partners. Her first publications were short stories, but she found more freedom in longer works and began what she thought was a mystery. Her daughters told her it was a romance so she began learning more about the genre and craft. She belongs to both the Romance Writers of America and Mystery Writers of America.
Now a multi-published, award winning author, Terry resides with her husband and rescue dog in the mountains of Colorado. You can find her online at:
Her website - http://terryodell.com
Her blog -http://terryodell.com/terrysplace
Facebook -http://www.facebook.com/AuthorTerryOdell
Twitter - http://twitter.com/authorterryo
Sign up for her newsletter for exclusive offers.
Booklover's Bench, where readers are winners
More books by Terry Odell 
See all of Terry Odell's Smashwords Titles here.

Deadly Secrets (Mapleton Mystery 1)
Deadly Bones (Mapleton Mystery 2)
Deadly Puzzles (Mapleton Mystery 3)
Deadly Production (Mapleton Mystery 4)
Deadly Places (Mapleton Mystery Novella)

Finding Sarah (Pine Hills Police 1)
Hidden Fire (Pine Hills Police 2)
Saving Scott (Pine Hills Police 3)
Finding Fire (Pine Hills Police—short story collection)
Nowhere to Hide (A Pine Hills Police Spinoff)
Pine Hills Police (The Four Complete Novels)

When Danger Calls (Blackthorne, Inc. 1)
Where Danger Hides (Blackthorne, Inc. 2)
Rooted in Danger (Blackthorne, Inc. 3)
Danger in Deer Ridge (Blackthorne, Inc. 4)
Deadly Connections (Blackthorne, Inc. 5)
Windswept Danger (Blackthorne, Inc. 6)

In Hot Water (Triple-D Ranch 1)
In Deep Trouble (Triple-D Ranch 2)

What’s in a Name?

Seeing Red: From the Case Files of Detective James T. Kirkland (short story collection)

Second Chance Rose and Other Stories (a short romance collection)
