INTERNET-GENERATION

Håkan Anderberg

Copyright Håkan Anderberg, May 2015. 

Published at Smashwords. 

All rights reserved. 


Previous published books:



TABLE OF CONTENTS: The Free Market Has Soon Turned 99 % Of Us Into Miserables 

FOREWORD
CHAPTER 1, FRANCE.
CHAPTER 2, SPAIN.
CHAPTER 3 MOROCCO and SIDI IFNI.
CHAPTER 4 Marshall McLuhan and the Internet.
CHAPTER 5, PORTUGAL.
CHAPTER 6. BACK IN SWEDEN.


FOREWORD

This book is written with the intent and hope to be able to show that there is a totally new kind of people inheriting the planet. Why it is so is explained through the knowledge that Marshall McLuhan presented in the 1960-ties with his message “The Media is the Message”. His books sells today more than ever before and that it is the Internet Generation that reads them there shouldn't be any doubt about. That it is ordinary people and especially the young generation that he direct himself to is also obvious. 
The book is trying to show some of the present problems this generation has to fight. The book shows the fight that is already going on directed by the Internet Generation Tribe. To get a grip about todays losing Super Power I believe that you must to take a look at its history and I have picked the history of the “Domino Theory” that covers in large up to today. They are still the same players, the trans-national companies owned by the one (1) percent of the planets population. 
I haven't mentioned anything about the transformation of the power that is now moving into the hands of China but also India. There are many books on the subject and I am sure that the Internet Generation is quite aware about what is going on. The Internet Generation is not just knowledgeable on electronic equipments but have an incredible sense for processes. Any process they just feel and do not get hanged up in sequential information storing – the use it to reveal processes. And the younger they are – the faster it goes. More than 50 percent of the planets population is today below 25 years of age. And the old, what McLuhan calls, the literary generation, is getting lesser for every day. Soon the big change will come. 
The book is partly built on my bicycling throw the Western part of Europe while living as the Internet Generation lives – in the streets. Never went to a camping and never went to a hotel. Free camping. Free camping is a legal right in my country and is named “All Mans Right”. Everybody have the freedom to be on any land, any time. But freedom also means respect of everyone else' freedom to clean air, water, silence and personal space.
I started to travel in 2007 and after some years I clearly saw that this new generation were the same wherever I came, in Europe, north Africa, South-East Asia or Latin America. They easily connect with each other and after just a few minutes the have a project going on, a computer game or in search for something on the Internet. They have a common language, English, and they all live in the same village “The Global Village”.
Libong Beach Resort, Libong Island in May 2015.”

INTERNET-GENERATION



CHAPTER 1, FRANCE. 

To get from "Charles de Gaulle" to Paris by bicycle is impossible. Like many other airports they have excluded that possibility. Several airlines has also recently introduced a fee for transporting a bicycle. Sports equipment it's called. Before the free market economy was a tacit agreement that whoever rode bicycles didn't pay, on flights, ferries, trains or buses. As long as they had a place for it. There is an end to that now, the end of being fair. Fair to poor travelers so they also can get out from their hard daily life. On some ferries it can cost 50 dollars to bring a bicycle? 
The taxi drivers at the airport gave me the hint to take a train a few stops to get away a bit cheaper. Riding a bicycle on the highway could end up in a fine of several hundred euros, and since I did not know if they would let me go with a bill or seize the bike, I chose the train. I got help with the bike and packing by a young man who asked if I could help him with some money? He gave an impression of not being poor, but in his eyes there were something that told me he was in need of the money. I gave him 50 cent which he thanked for. At each station he rose and gave people help with their bags, boxes, handicap equipment or what ever. He obviously earned his living on it? That is totally against the free market economy idea. Volunteering help - both ways? Win-Win situation. The free market economy is build on the premise that nobody helps nobody. Everything has to be paid for, because that is how the human being function? That is why private rescuing companies get pissed of when the Red Cross or other charity organizations helps people voluntarily? 
It was not yet twelve but outside the bars were full motion. The alcohol bonded. Rugged and bearded with a white stare in their eyes showed that the craving for a drink was on. A long day had just started. An occasional gypsy slid around in the surroundings. 
Everybody responds correctly, with a slightly trembling voice, and a cracked smile when I ask for directions. Everybody wanted to help a foreigner who was on a "Velo". Everyone loved the Bicycle and Tour de France was an annual celebration. “The Tour” had many good memories for everyone. 
I rode through an almost empty Champs-Elysée, where I four years earlier stood with my son to see the final stage of the “Tour". Today it  was probably holiday otherwise the traffic would have been worse? It takes time to find Citie the Universite, where I am suppose to spend the night. 
I am member in the cycling organization, Warm Shower. A hot shower and bed for free.  Totally against what the free market economy represent, but not yet illegal. It takes some time to find the place but as a reward I get invited to dinner. A biodynamic dish with an organic wine? 
The woman, in her thirties, tells me she is working in a cooperative that sells health products, but in the new economy it doesn't function very well? Private interests want to buy the whole business and some members want to take the opportunity to enrich themselves while it's still time, while others want to hold on to the cooperative idea. The cooperative had been forced by the free-market ideas to  expand by minimizing the members salaries. 
She is upset about the world we live in. Lives in a small two-room apartment with her boyfriend who is out celebrating something. The apartment is part of something called "social housing" which means small apartments at low rent. The rent is 670 euro/month, but given the size, it is not so low? She agrees but points out that we are in Paris, or in the outskirts of Paris? 
I suppose it is the same construction company that builds these homes as every other? It provides perhaps less money to those who own the big companies (but the difference is probably paid by the taxpayers?). 
Before I cycle on the next morning, I get some suggestions for cooperatives in France where I can live and work.  Halfway to the next warm shower-place arrives a happy surprise. When I stop to take a picture of a field of sunflowers, I see that the grass is in full bloom? And I have not even thought about it? Sure, my nose is little swollen but the eyes do not itch; it means that Manfred managed to cure me! 
I had known Manfred almost a year before I by accident mentioned my grass pollen allergy? I told him, I was healed in my thirties with the help of something called "ear acupuncture" but after fifteen years it had slowly come back. I thought then that Western medicine has made progress and was able to cure me, but despite dangerous and for society very expensive injections for five years - no result. 
Manfred looked at me and said "Why haven't you told me about that earlier? I have been working with ear acupuncture for ten years, in Germany. I was pretty sure putting the needles right. ... Well, we have to find some needles and then I'll show you where to put them. You'll probably get better before you get to Europe, you'll see." 
Now I stood in an ocean of grass pollen and felt nothing ... Finally free again! 
(In Germany you find the method everywhere and the treatment is cheap.) 
At half past seven in the evening I reached Romily sur Seine about 120 km south-east of Paris. There the next surprise was waiting. I'll meet an American! Them I've been searching for during my five years traveling? 
I have always traveled or lived in different places in the world except when I raised my child, children have no need to travel. If you were in Afghanistan or Copenhagen, there were Americans and they were never afraid to take initiative. As deserters from the Vietnam War they had status in a world that spoke of peace and change. Bob Dylan, Jimmi Hendrix and Janis Joplin gave expression for a new America was coming. 
Now I understood what the American leaders realized much earlier - that one could not have a military based on conscription. After the Vietnam War the army was no longer built on conscription but on employed military personnel. 
Jeff and Lise fostered the children in Canada and when that was over they moved back to Lise's parents house in France. The bountiful American attitude, together with the French, made me stay for two months. Two lovely months with great food and good wine from the wine cellar's wide range. We renovated the house together and during the breaks I took care of the garden while Jeff was working with the translation of French documents. There was never any fuss, a give and take, as always with the Americans, that generation of Americans. 
Lise who suffered a stroke a year earlier had terrible cramps at night. Except the nights she – had smoked a joint. Many movies and much laughter it was. It felt like the 60's was back? 
On a rainy morning in late July, I went so of to the south. Lyon was set as the first stage, a week or so to travel. When I was halfway, I met a bunch of German teenagers who were on their way to Spain. They came on their bicycles in the evening when it started to get dark and I "invited" them to settle down. They free-camped like me and soon we found each other in the sign of anarchism. They were on the way to Barcelona to meet other like-minded groups. To participate in campaigns against the injustice. 
I spoke with them about the German Pirate Party's success in the municipal elections and wondered what they thought about the Pirate Party as an idea? 
The idea was good but it had been abandoned to a big extent in order to gain more public votes. It was turning into a regular party. They knew that the Swedish Pirate Party protects the Pirate Bay servers? 
The old world, who previous days profited on slave contracts with artists, had managed to get the Swedish juridical system to condemn the founders of PirateBay to prison and huge payment for damages. (1) The judgment is questionable according to several legal experts – and that the court's president was not considered a having personal interest in the case is very strange. 
For computing, piracy has meant an incredible development rate. How many people would have had access to a computer if they were not able to pirate Microsoft products? Linux that works with open source is now about to take over. A few years ago the multinational cartels tried to get the EU to restrict the Internet. But was stopped by the people's protests. The politicians then voted down the proposal. Without the pressure of the people it would never happened! 
My newfound anarchist friends, between 20 and 22 years has a warm heart and a great deal of knowledge. They belong to the generation that have fascinated me the past few years - The Internet Generation. A generation that has already changed the world fundamentally. 
I had the last few days cycled from Romily sur Seine via Troyes down through the Champagne district and was now in "Burgundy". Old railway embankments currently served as wonderful cycle paths. Paths that went along rivers and canals and were excellent for overnight because there was water nearby. What a wonderful cycling country! 
The cows looked wide-eyed where they were grazing in a green landscape picture. I stayed for a few days by the river, laying in the hammock and reading all day long. The water were crucial for how long I could stay. Wash and bath in the river was ok. The four and a half liters of water was just enough for a two days cooking and drinking. Still I didn't dare to leave my newly purchased 100 euro tent unattended to fetch drinking water. I had invested some of the money I earned with Jeff in a high quality tent. Still not tested in rain or storm, but it was coming. I still had many kilometers left before my “trip” was over. At the moment the sun was shining in full swing. Perfect for cycling, speed wind fanned nicely. 
Everywhere you turned there were vineyards but also sprayed protests in the asphalt through which I understood that it was not entirely safe around there. The protesters called to stop the spraying of wine fields with pesticides and warned for getting cancer from it. Monsanto's name popps up here and there. The company who withholds from us important information and their policy threatens our world in its fundamental levels? Genetically modified crops (GMOs) that promises to save us from starvation caused by the coming population explosion. Their products are said to provide much higher yields, but it is not true? Nothing of what Monsanto says seems to be true? 
But the bookkeeping is probably right? 
Their activities seems to be entirely built on lies and has been so since the business started over a hundred years ago. In the 1920s Monsanto started to manufacture PCB, in the sixties Agent Orange and many other herbicides which was topped by Roundup in the 70s. Today Monsanto has taken control of virtually the entire industry that deals with seeds. They have gained control of the politicians who in their turn has approved (GMOs) as natural products in many countries.
Knowledge that farmers built up over thousands of years by saving and improving local varieties of seed Monsanto furiously tries to destroy. Seeds that can withstand local natural climate fluctuations. Monsanto, along with some relatively minor but still big players have taken over the seed market. The result is that India's 1,500 different kinds of rice and USAs more than 7,000 (?) different kind of apple today are only about a dozen left of each. Much is probably forever lost. Thousand of years and trillion of man hours work lost forever. 
In the ancient cultures and in the farming community it was the role of women to be responsible for the seed. It was the most important task of all. A wrong decision could mean hard times and starvation at the worst. The woman's brain works primarily with the holographic brain that can take into account more parameters than the man who normally rely on the linear side of the brain. Experience shows that the women made the best decisions in this difficult task, and the men in providing the staple food, such as fishing. When there were an excess of goods it could be sold or exchanged for something else. 
In Monsanto's track pops up so called scandals. More correct is to classify it as murder, due to deliberate concealment of facts meant that people become fatally ill. Not one or two persons but entire communities. 
Monsanto embrace myths and use them to scare people with. The population explosion is such a myth that many institutions and companies use in their propaganda. 
Hans Roslin Professor of Public Health have shown that the population explosion has ceased. Today is born 2.4 children per woman in the world and that is no explosion! In the United States there are more daughters born per woman than in Bangladesh. Since 1990 there is born less children every year than the year before. The increase of newborn children has completely stopped, but that is not anything we hear about? Those who own the information channels want for some reason that we should believe in the population explosion. Are we easier to control then? With scaremongering! Do we lean more towards Big Brother then? Yes, unfortunately it is probably true, this misinformation technique has been used a long time, first in the United States and then worldwide. 

MONSANTO (2) 
Monsanto started as a chemical company about 100 years ago. Today it's traces is all over the planet. The entire globe has been poisoned, from the Arctic to the Antarctic. First PCB and then DDT. Their effects on the environment is well documented and mainly known to cause cancer. 
Monsanto has always shown in laboratory tests what good products they have. Always! It has taken a bit longer for us to find out that they Always adapted the tests after the results they wanted to achieve. For example they use the adult rats that would die a natural death. If they had used young rats they would have had the time to develop cancer. They hide the negative and use whatever means necessary against those who reveal their lies or in some other way criticizes the company. Officials use “revolving doors” between Monsanto and the "Food and Drug Administration" (FDA). The FDA is responsible for the safety of food and medicine in the United States. (And is today a private company.) 
The FDA decided in 1992 (after a government decision ?) that genetically engineered food (GMO) do not need any special laws but can be regulated under the laws applicable to regular food. FDA is forced to follow a political decision without any scientific basis, and one wonders how they can complete their mission? What has put in use is a widely accepted principle "that the end product of GMO and non-GMO is as nutrition equivalent." It is called the "Principle of Substantial Equivalence". Politicians across the world agree immediately that this principle can be used, while it is questioned and rejected by GMO opponents. FDA defends the principle with which translates to "generally accepted as safe" or "Generally Recognized As Safe (GRAS)". But to do that requires a large amount of public examinations so that scientific consensus can be achieved. There is not even enough background material to take such a decision. No experience whatsoever? 
Today, Monsanto has taken full control of a large portion of the world's food? The linchpin is an herbicide that kills all vegetation - Roundup. 
Many countries that do not accept GMO crops will get GMO seeds across its borders by trafficking in unmarked sacks. The harvest of GMOs will then be sold and planted in those countries. When the countries sells mixed GMO and Non-GMO product , for example, to the EU then soon a test will reveal that there is GMO in the crop. EU laws stop buying since GMO is not allowed in EU. To get control and be able to distinguish GMO from non-GMO, the country is finally forced to accept GMO. 
Next step for Monsanto will be to seize control of the whole market. The tool they have is Roundup. Roundup kills all vegetation with one exception - GMOs. Installations for the cultivation of GMOs requires large investments and a lot of land. The extreme change that occurs when GMOs is approved means that ordinary farmers will soon be wiped out. Their crops will wilt down when Roundup is spread on the large-scale fields around. The local farmers plantations that is primarily for the local food market will suddenly be without products. When GMOs takes over – other crops will be destroyed. People will literally starve in a green desert of GMO soybeans or pig feed corn. 
Another way for Monsanto to destroy local crops and take over the market is by "infiltration" of genetic material from GM crops into the natural crops by wind pollination. If not detected, it will be sown again. The seed that has been genetically modified has also become genetically addicted to herbicides and chemical fertilizers and can in the end not grow without those chemicals. History show us that Nature will challenge and attack a plant that has become dependent on chemicals. Without the genetic diversity the crop will in the end be lost. If not before, it will be a fact when oil becomes too expensive to be used for manufacturing fertilizers and insecticides. The oil's molecular diversity has long been used to produce cheap fertilizers and pesticides. But we have nothing that can replace oil. The kind of crops that Monsanto use today will not be available in the future. Machine handled crops. We will probably lose soybeans as a protein source but it can be replaced. We will become vegetarians in the near future. There is no other option. Meat production will be over with meaning soybeans will not be that necessary. 
Genetically modified maize is undoubtedly the near future problem particularly in Mexico. The Mexican corn with thousands of varieties has already deteriorate because the American state-subsidized GMO corn. Trade agreement with the United States means that you can not stop the importation of GM maize as food, and as many of all these tiny grains will grow up and spread their genetic material with the wind; the pollution is today already a fact, a scandal – a planned scandal. Cereals planted for thousands of years is going to disappear from man's kitchen when the oil runs out. Wheat, barley or rye is nothing we will grow in the future because the lack of oil will put a stop to it, regardless of GMOs. Bread will be a luxury in the near future. 
In 2013, Japan and Korea stopped its purchases of American GM-wheat, and that led to American farmers began to sue Monsanto. Through its channels in the White House Monsanto got President Obama to issue a decree that said; no one can sue Monsanto in lower courts. If you want to sue it will be costly! 
On June 13, 2013, The United States Supreme Court, decided with 9-0 that you can not patent human genes. You can not patent "Life". For thirty years, American companies have patented thousands of genes. The company who had the patent on the gene that is involved in breast cancer lost that patent. For several years the company had stopped independent scientific research due to its monopoly on the gene. No other company had even the right to examine patients to find out if they carried the gene. Not without paying huge sums to the Company who had the patent! A survey that would cost a few dollar now costing thousands of dollars for people who wanted to know if they carried the gene. That's what patents many times leads to ... 
Monsanto plans to genetically manipulate other crops and must be stopped. Wind pollinated plants will otherwise be lost. Thousands of years of work will be lost. One of the greatest heritage from the monks who breed all varieties in fruit and the farmer-women who for several thousand of years developed the character of the seed to be able to survive in all kind of climate - almost.  
Monsanto has been behind PCB, Agent Orange, Aspartame and growth hormone Bovine or rBGH for cows. Just to mention some of the disasters. Monsanto associates are well trained liars. The world's pension funds, large investment groups and the American government supports this Spectacle firmly. 
It has been known for long time that Roundup affects the function that controls cell division - several independent studies have shown destabilization in cell division - and that leads to what we call cancer. Roundup is sprayed worldwide – like DDT was (partly still is). 
# 

Yes, toxic sprayed wine along with many other products we put into our system. How does this affect our future? The future of our Internet Generation ? No one really knows? It's similar to the Monsantos testing of their products on laboratory rats? Until today we have only tested what happens to the adult material but soon we will know what happens to the children. More and more people, perhaps especially among the young in the West have begun to take an interest in what they eat. The Anarchists from Germany were, with one exception vegans. In northern Sweden, 25% of the young generation are vegans or vegetarians. McDonalds can't establish in the north of Sweden because "Military Vegans" put fire to their restaurants ?! 
One and a half billion of the worlds population agriculture in the same way as they always have. They do not use the oil produced pesticides and fertilizers. That gives some hope after all. Not for the West but for the World. 
In southern Burgundy I come to Cluny. The heat is difficult, so I sit down at the train station a few hours after being "bathed" and filled up my water by the cool water from the pump I continue. It's afternoon and soon I get to a tunnel that is almost a mile long? Cycling back and forth a few times cools me of. 
All of a sudden the river Saône is there. A huge tourist hotel in the shape of a giant barge glides past when I realize that I've entered a dead end road. I ask two ladies who comes out from a restaurant. They are from England and they tell me that they have spent their holidays in the area since many years ago. But they do not have a clue how I am going to continue? We talk about how bad England is and how good France is? But it's late, in about one hour the sun will disappear so we say farewell. 
I lose track and have to go in and out of Mâcon twice. The problem is that there is no road along the river and I get farther and farther away from it - and no place where I can put up the tent? Vineyards and fields everywhere all over. It's getting dark when I pass something that appears to be a boarding school for girls? They wave and call. In desperation I'll take the first best path to the right - in the direction of the river? And I am absolutely right! A few meters from the river I put up the tent and soon the lentil soup and smoked sausage colors the surroundings in the dark. No moon and not a single mosquito. I wash me of in the dark river with the help of the liter measure I got in India when I learned to wash myself instead of using toilet paper. How little we really knows? 
The next day it feels quite hot but in the shade under the trees it is cool. Nature has carved out two terrace-like plateaus by the riverside. There's even a back support if I want but most time is spend in the hammock. One hundred meter long cargo barges and tourist hotels barges pass by. A collection of smaller of boats pass in review during the day and we wave cheerfully to each other. 
The only thing that really disturbs the paradise is that other people who have been camping before had not brought a shovel to dig toilet-hole? Toilet paper lays under the bushes here and there, and even though you do not see any direct tracks it doesn't feel particularly comfortable? The day disappears rapidly and the water is enough for more lentils, and coffee. The next day I should arrive to Lyon? It's only fifty km ahead. 
I companion an elderly French gentleman the next morning. We exchange a lot of information with the few French words I picked up on the road together with mimes and a good sense of expressing the words. The man told me he lost a daughter 32 years ago, and his wife died before the age of fifty. He then remarried with a woman from Morocco twenty years ago. He had three children from his first marriage that he was in good contact with. But he missed the child that he lost. His eyes is filled with tears when he think of her and their fight against the cancer. She became only sixteen. 
I show my little photo album that I have had with me since I started traveling and he can see my joy when I talk about my son. We fully agree on that when the "Woman" comes into our lives, it's definitely the end of freedom. So when we a few minutes later pass by a bridal couple being photographed by the river, the man shout; "Catastrophe, Catastrophe ...” 
We laugh heartily until we sadly separates a little further down the road. The wife waited at home. 
A few hours later the sky gets black so I decide to stay. On the other side of Sâone is a Leclerc-supermarche. A department store which was also in Romily where I went with Jeff and Lise on purchases. Fruit and vegetables at eye level. Leclerc has a deli counter at 40-50 meter long with an incredible amount of “home made” dishes prepared by several small companies, each one with its own specialty. At least two hundred different cheeses. 
France takes with German aid half of EU agricultural funds but seem to manage it well? It has an incredible amount of small dairies across the country, unlike Sweden where today have 2-3 large dairies and ten-twelve cheeses. Napoleon once uttered something like, "how can one govern a country with more than 400 cheeses?" France is hopefully a good example for the EU the day we put the free market behind us? When we start growing food locally instead of globally. 
In return France backs up the euro, making it easier for Germany to sell their products in the EU. The payments made to private banks after the crisis in Greece has been paid by the taxpayers of Germany and France. EU  dare not let Big Banks go bankrupt, or being nationalized, then the euro will be threatened? The banks of course know how it works that's why they have grown so big. 
Still, I have not understood that the Gendarme did not care about me free camping, so I hide a bit into the woods. People jogging, walking the dogs. I am told that it is allowed to camp 24 hours on public land? A couple walks by with their dog sees me and greet with a friendly smile? There is a small lake or pond where the water is pitch black but it does not smell bad so I wash myself with the help of my little Indian liter measure. I feel cold after the day's heat. A few drops of rain during the night? 
I wake up as usual when the light breaks through. It takes about fifteen minutes before it's time to seek out the hole I dug the night before - it never fails. A body in balance, gets rid of toxins from yesterday as soon as possible. Excellent timing. No jogger had yet got their shoes on. When I make coffee the first appears. 
Speaking of joggers, a few years earlier when I was at Angkor Wat in Cambodia I'll entered already four o'clock in the morning to get a moment without tourists. Just when the light breaks through at this holy place, a Japanese jogger comes jogging in? Inside the building? How can you get such an idea into your mind? When I leave the temple site, so gently that I barely touch the floor, I'll meet a tourist group chattering in front of a lotus pond with the cameras on? They might as well have been at Disneyland? I managed to avoid the "robots" the rest of the day perhaps because I bicycled. When I sneaked out from the temples, they arrived in their jungle jeeps pulling on cameras and candy bags? These poor "Happiness Machines." 
Leclerc is a disappointment. The guards do not want my bike inside the building so I have to fill the cart with my luggage. Looks like a homeless with all plastic bags, and on the top the Thai rainbow-colored plastic bags? But homeless I am? 
When I come to Lyon very dark clouds covers the sky. Rhône and Saône flow side by side through the city until finally Saône give up it's identity becoming a part of the more powerful Rhône. Rhône begins in Switzerland and ends in the Mediterranean Sea after more than 800 km journey and today we have the opportunity to follow it all the way on the bike paths. The Cathedral of St Jean who took nearly 500 years to build looking down over the northern part of the city. The city was once Europe's center in printing and publication, but was perhaps better known as Europe's center for silk weaving? A population that not only suffered tremendously at the looms, but also when Klaus Barbie "Butcher of Lyon" executed and deported thousands of residents to concentration camps in Germany. After more than 35 years of searching Barbie finally was extradited from Bolivia and died in a French prison, three years later, 1991. 
I took out money at the main post office ATM. Jeff had helped me to get a bank card, certifying that I was living at his address. It is wonderful when people's first and only thought is, "How can I help my friend?" Not, "I must follow the rules that the society set up - so I don't make any mistake." 
I tend to think like this "If I'm wanted by the police and I knock on this person's door - will he let me in?" Is the answer a firm "Yes" then it's a friend. If the answer is doubtful then you should be careful! It is within us - or not. Do you feel the depth or the meaning of life you don't have to think. "We choose our friends," and that is important, history has shown that it is - crucial! History has shown that those who lack this depth many times chose the oppressors side. 
The sky darkens. I am looking for a Wifi spot but get the explanation that Lyon is without electric power because of a thunderstorm? 
So where to go? Further south or back to where I came from? There were some nice places to put up the tent. I decide to go north which will prove to be a good choice. On the way from the center I walk through a park with the bike and sees a young guy who is rolling a joint? I walk up and ask if I can get a puff or two and he invites me to sit down. 
It is almost two years since I smoked a joint ...except when I smoked with my Norwegian friend Vidar in Thailand. Under police protection he could smoke and sell as much as he wanted. No one would bother him as long as the stuff were inside his house. The police could not guarantee outside more than that the local police would not arrest anyone. What the state police did, they had no control of. But Vidar had contact with them also, and he had more or less been promised that nothing would happen outside the house either, except by accident. Vidar was offered to purchase the stuff by the state police but refrained. "The business I do with the criminals," he announced, and it was accepted. He instead provided other services. He helped the police to find tourists to rent out their houses to. The house he lived in belonged of course to a police officer. Vidar's Thai wife had also managed to get one of the policemen's daughters married to a Norwegian friend and that ties the bonds tighter of course. 
"Wow! This was really good. "The guy looking at me with a big smile. He is about twenty and speaks good English. We talk a lot about how it is to live in France. His family is from Algeria but he was born in France. 
"The worst thing is that there are no jobs," and that "many of the French middle class young people are so damned simple-minded, or brainwashed." He points to a pretty girl who comes walking down the avenue with a small boutiques-bag under his arm. "She feels happy of what she just have bought in a fashion store. That is what her life is about, consumption. She knows nothing about life more than to go and buy things? How stupid can you become?" 
"That's because she is robotized to constantly think about what others think of her," I fill in. "It's really sad for her, try to see it in that way instead? She needs help, you know?" My newfound friend understands that I understand. I take out two apples from my bags. It's quite amazing how intense the presence becomes when you are affected by marijuana. I have always been active after smoking, can't just sit still in the present. 
The weather now looks really bad and we say, “See You!” 
"I tend to be around here if you want something, or take a zip? 
Up some stairs and out into a busy street. There is no bike paths, but after a mile or so it is better and finally I get to a cycling track. I follow Sâone back. It's pretty far, and then it starts to rain. Shit! The rain is not the whole world, the problem is that the inner tent gets wet if I put it up in the rain? I stop at a bus-shed and hauls in the bike. "Fleurieu" it says on the sign, it means flower I think? A coffee would be nice. I start to unload the bike. Suddenly, a man on a mountain bike shows up, asking what I am doing? I laugh "taking shelter from the rain." 
"Where will you sleep tonight?" is next question, and I point to the north. 
"Somewhere in that direction, if it stops raining. Until further notice, I stop here. I was going to make some coffee, would you like a cup? " 
"Well, no - you can sleep in my house if you want?" ... I look at him … "Well, you don't have to if you don't want to?" 
A somewhat strange man, but there's nothing to lose. "Yes, yes, yes, certainly it would have been good." … "If you have a garden then I can put up my tent?" 
"Follow me, it's not far." We cycle a few hundred meters turns into a small street and turn right into a courtyard. A jump of a few hundred years back in time? A farmhouse in the middle of the small villa community? The man introduces himself as "Pascal" whereupon he shouts at his wife, who sticks out her head from a window on the second floor. There is some kind of discussion between them, I put down the bags I just had unloaded from the bike. Pascal turns to me and offers to help. "Ok, but what did your wife say?" "Ahh, we are expecting a visit from an old friend in Paris, and she was a bit surprised when I came home with another guest. That's cool, now we take your stuff, come on." 
"Yeah but you know, I can put up the tent on the lawn." 
"In the rain? We have plenty of space. This night you'll sleep where we hang the laundry. Many people slept there before ... put the cycle over there." 
A perfect sleeping place for a tired cyclist. A shower and I feel great. The rain stops and when the sky clears up, I realize that it's not so late. 
The wife introduce herself as Colette, and I ask if it is not the name of the girl in Victor Hugo's Les Miserables? Colette looks at Pascal and both smile. No it is not. "It's Cosette, but many of our friends call Colette for Cosette? They also tells me that Les Miserables is still read in all French schools. Victor Hugos fantastic book and language that reaches straight into the heart. 
Colette  ask if I would like a glass of wine or a pastis? I don't know what “pastis” is but when she pour water in her glass, I can see that the content is changing to a milky liquid. I smell on it and as suspected it smells like Pernod. I take a pastis. 
Pascal's sister shows up with a bottle of wine under her arm. She is a German teacher? It does not bode well. I am often at odds with teachers? Experience from my own schooling and a feeling that teachers sell themselves cheaply. We are all prostitutes? Yes, but the difference is that the teachers is involved and represents a system that is literally destroying our children and have done so the past 150 years? Not everyone is aware of it, but there is no excuse not to know the impact this profession exercise on our children. Many just transfer their values without a thought. ... 
An example that clearly shows what happens when teachers consciously or unconsciously pick their favorites was when the retiring teacher informed the new teacher that was going to take over the class, that there were some students who were really smart and some that were hopelessly backward. The new teacher then decided to do an experiment. He ignored the group "the most talented". Gave them no questions, and no matter what they did he did not praise them. The group with "hopelessly backwards" students he praised as soon as they did something right. They got full attention and always met with a positive attitude. The result soon showed - before the first school year was over, the two groups had switched places. The "backwards" was now in top of the class while the "top" had become the hopelessly backwards? 
We all choose our favorites which are the ones we most easily identify us with. From the poorer class of the society there are not many who are trained as teachers. From my first class in school the girl who was selected to be the teacher's favorite became teacher herself? That tells a lot? 
The blame in education in general you can not put on the teachers. The real fault lays in the creation of a school system by people who has no contact with the daily school work. They also assume that it is important to be skilled in mathematics, physics and chemistry - period. Teachers have to comply with that set of rules and surprisingly many continues in the same profession. I suspect that many times it has a lot to do with bank loans, career, cowardice and fear. A lot more than the pathos to take care of our future generation? 
I have met many people who calculate in their own way, and it may look strange but they count always right - isn't that enough? Ayurvedic mathematics also look peculiar, but is much smarter than the Western mathematics in many fields. Physics and chemistry, what is there to say that we will have so much use of that? Nothing, absolutely nothing! Too long we have produced scientists by forcing everybody to study what many perceives as completely uninteresting. Sir Ken Robinson (3) provides a both funny and amazing description of how bad our school system works. Check him out on YouTube. 
However, there are a handful very good school system such as Montessori, Waldorf and Steiner pedagogic. The teacher's task is to "trigger" the students with necessary information and then stay in the background while the students resolve the tasks given. Only when help is needed the teacher will enter. Those schools were closed by the Nazis and fascists in the 1930's. 
When the guest from Paris, Bruno, arrives he has wine and a lot of food - home cooked. Previously we also had home cooked dinners on every other corner in Sweden. Now it's just fast food. People believe they save time by eating fast food, the price was the same? Red and White wine – French of course. He is presented as an old friend of Pascal. They studied together in high school after which Pascal continued for mechanical engineer and Bruno in social science. Colette  tells me, with due respect, that Bruno are responsible for the homeless people in all of Paris, and he confirms it with a slightly strained smile. 
"Wow, that was interesting! I myself have several former friends in Sweden who today suffer from homelessness. The main reason is probably to keep up the value of the private housing market? People are willing to pay more for accommodation, the more homeless people we have?" Bruno looks at me and smiles slightly. That is the answer? 
"Paris has been known since “ancient” times for its people sleeping under the bridges? What are you doing to help them today? "I wondered? 
Bruno curl his mouth a bit and then give me the answer, "we try to support them so they can settle their situation themselves. They are the ones who must act first of all. " 
"But they've got very few contacts in the community. That's why they ended up where they are. It's always because of lacking social network they are homeless. And that means that you have to be incredibly strong and resourceful to come back on your feet again, and that is precisely what they are not, right? It must be quite hopeless, or ...? " 
"Well, I have a budget that must be maintained. What I then do is up to me ... We make a difference to some, but most of them fail to get out of the situation, unfortunately. "He looks around and the help is not far away. 
"I came back from Sicily a couple of days ago. Absolutely wonderful! Yes, it's not the first time you know", says the German teacher. Then she turns to me and ask if I had been to Sicily? 
"No, but I have several friends in Sweden whose parents emigrated from Sicily in the end of the forties and fifties. Maybe I cycle there some day, who knows? "The discussion now was about my traveling, but I wanted to talk to the man with his new car from Paris. I wondered what he was paid to keep the homeless occupied - the size of the bribe to ease his conscience with? 
"But most people fails to get out of their situation, unfortunately," was the argument that put all the responsibility on those who many times are paralyzed by different reasons. I tried to drop it ... A car, some status, and the dream that once existed when you started to study social sciences is gone? 
Bruno continues his holiday travel next morning, to Montpellier; to visit more friends. He says goodbye with a rigid and superior smile, not addressed to me but to everyone. A smile that protects him from reality. When you know that you treat people wrongly the conscience will force a change in you. One option is to acquire an attitude which is based on "that the others have less knowledge, they are inferior. They do not understand how difficult decisions I have to make?” Superior attitudes often reveals itself in a rigid superior cool smile. And he lose touch with reality. It becomes more difficult to understand the processes and impossible to find the right solutions. 
In the afternoon the daughter in the family, Lola, arrives home. She and her boyfriend Lucas gives such an impression of the famous Internet Generation, both nineteen. Good speaking English and always open for new projects. When they understand that I have interest in social and economic policies, it clicks. We open up our computers and start sharing information. Lola and Lucas has recently finished a two-year course in Anthropology at the University in Lyon. Lola now planned to study art and literature. Lucas needed a job and was going to study for teacher? All teachers have so good intention from the start. 
It was soon afternoon so I started to pack my things which still was mostly unpacked down in the kitchen. When Pascal sees it he wonders if I don't want to stay another few days? 
"Colette has vacation so you're not all alone, but I'm going to work tomorrow." ... "I hate to go, but what can I do?" he says resignedly. He tells me that he's working at a nuclear power company as an inventor of various machines that is claimed to be needed when dismantling old redundant facilities. 
"They say that our job is important for the future, but everyone who works there know it is not true. We have done the same job for 20 years and not a single one of our projects has been used? Not one!" 
"When we're done with a project it is saved in a computer. And we start on the next. Can you imagine sitting and working with things in your whole life that do not really have any value to anyone - ever? It's like the stone that was rolled up on the mountain just to be dropped and rolled up again - your whole life. Meaningless jobs and everyone knows it. If I could I would stop working today – and never set my foot there again. " 
"But why can't you stop?" 
"But what shall I do, then?" 
"Whatever, I do not know what you are good at or have a burning interest for?" 
"Ahh ... I do not know." 
"Do you need the money?" 
"Well, not directly. The farm is an inheritance from Colette's grandparents and Colette works, so we would probably get by for a while. " 
"You know, your work is in fact a huge scam? What they do is building up an image to the public that nuclear power is a safe technology – by showing how many highly skilled engineers who works there. This means that the company can charge a higher price to the customer – skilled engineers must have a high salary. By giving them a high salary they are expected to be loyal to the company and advocate the technology - if nothing else, to protect their jobs. In that way you will be among the twenty percent in the society that helps to convince the eighty percent - the ordinary workers - that everything is just fine. You thus help the richest, the one (1) percent, them who owns the facilities. But that it would involve so many problems to motivate their engineers to go to their high payed jobs, I haven't thought about? Interesting." 
"What do you mean – twenty percent?" 
"I've given Lola a documentary of Noam Chomsky, "Manufacturing Consent". She knew about Chomsky. It's basically a method used since the 1920s to get people to accept the policy of those who owns almost everything. The system in the West is basically built on that concept. Those who's in the top consist of a small group which is roughly about one (1) percent of the Earth's population and they own today more than 40% of the Earth in total." 
"There are basically two groups that the one (1) percent have to control to get their things done. This is basically done with what we honestly call "propaganda (or engineering of consent)." 
The first group who must be controlled are those who have relatively high levels of education, often appearing in the public debate. Those we see on TV and in newspapers but also those we been listening to from we started school, teachers, writers politicians etc. They are bribed with high salaries, different titles or fame etc. And they really believe in the "good society". This group is often totally occupied trying to beat out their rivals? In the academic world, in the political world etc. Those different groups approval of the system is fundamentally important. Those who hold responsible positions in the the information media, newspapers, television etc. They will adapt to the owners wishes; the one (1) percents demands. 
A business technique combined with nonprofitable funds, funds created by the one (1) percent, has been one of the important tools to control education and research to follow the direction they want, or to hold back the development so the existing power structure is secured." 
"The other group that must be controlled are the 80 percent, the ordinary workers, who basically shall work and pay for the system. They are kept quiet by illusions such as you and your colleagues invention workshop is creating. People come to believe that nuclear power is safe because there are working a lot of engineers? They believe in the "good society" as long as their idols say so and as long as they have jobs. Or as long as they will be able to buy toys like television, car, computer or mobile phone then they will be occupied day in and day out. 
The 20 percent who are employed by the owners (the one (1) percent) will of course pass on the standards that the owner wants or get fired. 
The most important thing for the one (1) percent is that it is made clear that there are limits of what could be discussed publicly. There are standards in the political discussion and all classical parties have accepted that. When somebody do not apply to the standards he will be isolated by the other parties, as I see in my own country today. An ultraconservative party has been isolated because it is considered being racistic, and so it is! But that is not a reason to not talk? Many persons believe it is right not talking to the fascists and they believe firmly that that it is a good decision. John Stuart Mill wrote: 
“Not the violent conflict between parts of the truth, but the quiet suppression of half of it, is the formidable evil. There is always hope when people are forced to listen to both sides.” 
A few years ago this system took the next “natural” step. In England and the United States  the (1) one percent grabbed large parts of the 20 percents wealth, and finally the one (1) percent had more wealth than 95 percent of the rest of the population had altogether. (The WalMart family has more wealth than the poorest 120 million in the United States population has altogether). England and the United States is therefore close to were history has shown that a revolution is coming up?" 
"Where do you get all your information from?" 
"Everything is out on the Internet and I have downloaded everything for free - without exception. The big problem with Internet is to find reliable sources. But they are also out there and once you have found them the logic often reveals the rest. Common sense people has always had, that is the same now as before. It is of course impossible to invent all the wheels yourself. 
My sources are Noam Chomsky, Professor at MIT and Adam Curtis freelancer documentary filmer at BBC. They are my two main sources of information. By using them one can study other sources of information and its reliability." 
Next day, I follow Pascal to the train station. He try to see the positive in life but have difficulty to relax. Before he say something, he always takes a deep breath, he gives me an impression to be as present as absent, in the same moment. 
When I return a month later Pascal has gone through a new heart surgery where they had to remove a "spring" that kept the artery (or if it is the vein?) free from accumulation of fat? He wants to take the step and resign from his job, but he doesn't? Why I never understood because he has a great talent. His house is similar to a "museum of modern art" where most things been created by him. 
Lola has the same talent. But with premature talent often follow laziness. When, after many years living on talent and you have never been taught what it means to struggle to achieve results. To much hashish, less alcohol and an eternal revelry worries the parents who always have let her develop in full freedom. 
When I come back from the station Colette is making an espresso. The coffee taste ok but my 3 dollar Bialetti machine I bought in Tomelilla has a better flavor. 
"Shall I make a cup for you, too?" 
"Yes, thank you. Coffee is my everyday drug. " 
"So, what are your weekend drug then?" wonder Colette with a clever smile. 
"Well, I have no drugs that are linked to weekends. But on the other hand I live a life were weekends hardly exists. The days comes and goes – but marijuana is something I appreciate now and then. I smoked a lot when I was young - for several years - or decades to be true. " 
"I did too. I do not know if it was so good to do it? Pascal and I smokes sometimes, but rarely. You don't really know ... what it does to you? " 
"I don't think it is very dangerous, you may need to relax from this world sometimes. Alcohol is definitely more dangerous. If I had been drinking as much as I smoked I would for sure not be alive today. I drank a liter of vodka for 3-4 years every day and it broke down my body quickly, I got liver problems. Hashish I smoked in nearly thirty years, twenty more or less daily. Among many other things, I studied nuclear physics which is considered to be the toughest education in Sweden? I completed the hard parts, the mathematics and so but have to give up after four years. Two thirds of the students were out then, we were sixty students when we started." 
"There is research that shows that cannabis can trigger schizophrenia?" 
"Oh, I like to see those investigations? I gave Lola a documentary about the history of marijuana. (5) The film demonstrates how people has been frightened to stay away from marijuana. You will also understand that the prohibition of marijuana has often been used to arrest people who otherwise would be impossible to control. It's obvious that young people should not use drugs. And nobody would probably be using drugs if we lived in a totally healthy environment. But after you are grown up, I think it should be an individual choice. You sense if something is wrong and then we normally don't do it again, right? I have met people who do not want to smoke marijuana for one or another reason. The fact is that there is no culture that has been without drugs, ever." 
"Lola smokes a lot." 
"I smoked a lot more when I was young, didn't you? Today - it's enough with one puff. There is also an addiction factor. The more you smoke the more you need - so it's with everything from coffee to heroin? I don't think you need to worry, she seems quite together. She don't use drugs from the pharmaceutical industry, I hope?" 
"No,no she don't." 
"Those drugs often makes you more dependent. After all, cannabis has been used for thousands of years as medicine and stimulant. How many years have Prozac been used, fifteen, twenty? and it's provided almost without limitation - to young people - with a result that reminds us of robots? I'm not saying that it is always wrong with that kind of drugs. What I mean is that it might be better to use hashish while questioning yourself than to become insensitively happy of Prozac? The choice should be up to each adult to do. Still we are quite capable even though we are quite disturbed." 
"I'm more afraid that she'll try LSD and the like, it is much more dangerous." 
"Yes LSD is a quite heavy drug but another reason why drugs is dangerous is that you don't know what you get since it is not a controlled substance (since it's illegal), a mix of something unknown - and that can be extremely dangerous. If you want the experience that LSD gives it is safer to use Psilocybin-fungus. It gives a similar effect but in a calmer manner and last shorter time. It is important to have facts. Partially you can read about how other peoples has experience psychedelic drugs. Life experience, tranquil surroundings and an experienced "supervisor"  is important. If you have that then it should probably work out well. If you get a bad "trip" then you stop - I did! You must of course get back to reality and then a "Supervisor" is your lifeline. " 
"We've talked with her about all that but she seems curious about everything." 
"I recommend you to read Aldous Huxley's "Doors of Perception". This book gives a fair description of what is happening to us. After Huxley had been under the influence of mescaline, he discovered (when he was sober), that many famous painting artists' way of expressing details in their paintings reminded him of what he had seen during the intoxication of mescaline. His conclusion was that the built-in filters we normally live with makes it impossible to experience the "Real Reality". Example of such "filters" is the fact that humans can not see ultraviolet light - or infrared. We can not hear higher or lower frequencies. We have many other kinds of filter that we are not even aware of. Because of those filters we can't really experience what we actually are living inside. Probably a world of vibrating energies, what that now is! 
When the filters have been removed, then a whole new world opens up - where we can experience life in a more direct way. The real artists lives more or less in that reality. In a state which resembles schizophrenia a lot. Van Gogh is maybe the best example. 
Immanuel Kant name the real reality for the "noumenal" world while our ordinary reality is called the "phenomenal world". From this we understand that in our everyday world with all filters, we will never understand what the real world is. But we can come relatively close by using our filtered information. We now know that the Earth is not flat and that it is not held up by an infinite number of turtles standing on each other's shields. 
But even if we could reach the noumenal world with the help of hallucinogenic drugs, we only have the phenomenal worlds instruments when we returns and is obviously not enough to describe our new experience with. That was what made Van Gogh so frustrated; when he tried to show us what he saw through those inadequate phenomenal instruments. " 
"Do you want more coffee?" 
"Yes please." 
"And I would like to tell you about something called DMT?" 

DMT (dimethyltryptamine) The Spirit Molecule (6a, 6b) 
After more than twenty years total stop in research on psychedelic drugs Dr Richard Strassman got in 1991 the authorities approval to examine DMTs affect on humans. DMT is a substance which is naturally present in all humans, all animals and many plants. "Psychedelic" according to the New Oxford American Dictionary is: "relating to or denoting drugs (esp. LSD) that produce hallucinations and apparent expansion of consciousness." 
Dr. Rick Strassman writes in, DMT: The Spirit Molecule: 
"Enthusiasts of the psychedelic drug culture may dislike my conclusion: that DMT has no beneficial effects in and of itself; that rather, the context in which people take it is at least as important. Proponents of drug control may condemn what they read as encouragement to take psychedelic drugs and a glorification of the DMT experience. Practitioners and spokespersons of traditional religions may reject the suggestion that spiritual states can be accessed, and mystical information gained, through drugs." 
Dr. Strassman proceeds to enumerate further experience he had done in his work, he concludes the book's "Introduction" with the following words: 
"It is so important for us to understand consciousness. It is just as important to place psychedelic drugs in general, and DMT in particular, into a personal and cultural matrix in which we do the most good, and the least harm. In such a wide-open area of inquiry, it is best that we reject no ideas until we actually disprove them. It is in the interest of enlarging the discussion about psychedelic drugs that I've written DMT: The Spirit Molecule." 
The researcher Rick Strassman, who got his Degree from Stanford University, had previously conducted clinical research, during ten years, on the pineal gland function regarding melatonin at the University of New Mexico. Dr. Strassman now had financial support from the American government for his research on DMT. " 
One of the most common amino acid, tryptophan, is the backbone of tryptamine that build dimethyltryptamine, DMT. DMT is almost as small as a molecule of glucose that our body uses for quick-fuel. The atomic weight of glucose is 180. For DMT 188, water 18, LSD 323 and mescaline 211. DMT passes from the blood, very easy the brain barrier. So easy, that it seems that the brain does everything to attract DMT - DMT obviously appears to be important for the brain? But we also have a substance present in the blood and in the brain, monoamine oxidase (MAO), which immediately breaks down the DMT molecule. 
Dr. Strassman calls DMT for the "spirit molecule" and says that it might participate when we have the feeling that "time stand still" or when we get into a state of "euphoria". That Dr. Strassman has extensive experience and an open mind is shown when he writes: 
”A spirit molecule also leads us to spiritual realms. These worlds usually are invisible to us and our consciousness. However, just as likely as the theory that these worlds exist ”only in our minds” is that they are, in reality, ”outside” of us and freestanding. If we simply change our brains receiving abilities, we can apprehend and interact with them. 
Furthermore, keep in mind that a spirit molecule is not spiritual in and of itself. It is a tool, or a vehicle. Think of it as a tugboat, a chariot, a scout on horseback, something to which we can hitch our consciousness. It pulls us into worlds known only to itself. We need to hold on tight, and we must be prepared, for spiritual realms include both heaven and hell, both fantasy and nightmare. While the spirit molecule's role may seem angelic, there is no guarantee it will not take us to the demonic." 
The Pineal gland is a strange little part of our brain. The fetus develops the pineal gland from the fetal palate which moves gradually upwards so it eventually ends up in the middle of the brain where it is close to all important parts. In lizards we can clearly observe the development of the pineal gland. It is called the "third eye" and is located in the center of its skull. It has both lens, cornea and retina, is very light sensitive and contains the hormone melatonin. A hormone which governs our reproductive capacity, with much else. The human pineal gland has the best place for fast communication with the all the brains important functions. It has important relay stations for vision and hearing just beneath it and direct contact with the limbic system, our emotional center. Additionally it can send direct "messages" through the brain's cerebrospinal fluid. 
Both the western and eastern mysticism tradition (based on philosophical knowledge rather than on ceremonial display) relate the highest state of "spiritual enlightenment" to be located exact where the pineal gland is situated. In the Ayurvedic tradition, or Yoga, you reach the final stage of enlightenment by moving through a number of "chakra". The highest and last chakra is located in the pineal gland. The same phenomenon is described in Judaism and several important philosophers have come to similar conclusions. Another interesting fact is that all parts of the brain are paired - except the pineal gland - which does not even evolve from brain cells? 
It seems that DMT is involved when the "life force" enters our physical body and when the woman gives birth. She exceeds the pain threshold, by far - DMT may be involved to keep her conscious. And the newborn get his first splash with DMT in the struggle to get out into the world. Tests are done on animals that show that. Tests that has not been done on humans yet? Why? 
Meditation, psychosis, near-death and out-of-body experiences are likely to be linked to DMT? 
Risking humiliation from our traditional deniers, or those with limited openness (limited experience), Dr. Rick Strassman have the guts to point to such "coincidence" that the pineal gland is first visible in the embryo at the forty-ninth (49) day after egg fertilization and that in the highly respected book "The Tibetan book of the Dead" it is explained that it takes forty-nine (49) days for the soul to reincarnate in a new body? First when the molecule of the souls is in its place, the soul can take its place? This is maybe a staggering example on Dr Strass's attitude "best not to dismiss any thought until we really proven its invalidity". To refer to "The Tibetan Book of the Dead" is, however, a solid foundation. Sogyal Rinpoche writes in his book "The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying" (published in the early 1990s) the following: 
"The title Tibetan Book of the Dead was coined by its compiler and editor, the American  scholar W. Y. Evans-Wentz, in imitation of the famous (and equally mis-titled) Egyptian Book of the Dead. The actual  name  of the book is Bardo T'odrol Chenmo, which means  the "Great  Liberation Through Hearing in the Bardo." Bardo teachings are extremely ancient and found in what are called the Dzogchen Tantras. These teachings have a lineage stretching back beyond human masters to the Primordial Buddha (called in Sanskrit Samantabhadra, and in Tibetan Kuntuzangpo), who represents the absolute, naked, sky-like primordial purity of the nature of our mind. But the Bardo T'odrol Chenmo itself is part of one large cycle of teachings handed down by the master  Padmasambhava and revealed in the fourteenth century by the Tibetan  visionary Karma Lingpa." 
This book represents a form of knowledge that goes beyond what we call science, a knowledge when combined with science could take us closer to the truth, the truth we can never reach. A comparable tool are the "Vedas" which was delivered in similar way - through deep meditation. DMT in the form of hallucinogenic mushrooms, called Soma in the Vedas, might have been involved. (7) 
Both test persons and supervisor of the DMT experiments want to emphasize on serious preparation before trying any form of DMT, psilocybin, LSD or similar substances. Preparation meaning the experience and mental status of the person. How far he has reached regarding fundamentals in life (such as high capacity for empathy). Middle-class youth who are living a sheltered life where shopping and status is their pleasures and goals, will also find their way into the world of drugs. It could be a huge mistake if they by chance would try any of these substances. 
Paradoxically the children of those who strongly advocate drug prohibition suffers more often from drug problems than others. Those parents who believe in the "safe", "democratic", and scientific society. A society built on consumption - where everyone is forced to participate in the production of goods and shopping status gadgets? 
The change the world saw in the 1960s towards mind enhancing drugs lost track quickly. One reason was the lack of experienced "mentors". Shamans had for thousands of years in so many cultures  practiced rites in which psychedelic drugs had a central role. Timothy Leary took the role as scientific defender for the psychedelic world but could not handle the attention and in the end all credibility was destroyed. That had serious consequences to research which was stopped and that still applies today. The 20 percent who believed in the governments terror propaganda, easily persuaded the 80 percent about the correctness of a prohibition policy. 
The institutions of society was not threatened but the owners of the society, the one (1) percent, however, was about to lose all power. Multinational companies and cartels were severely threatened by the wave of consciousness that "the freedom" of the sixties brought. At the Democratic Convention 1968 in Chicago the National Guard was let loose on the demonstrators and in its bloody aftermaths four students died. Much later, when all resistance was crushed the troops was pulled back. The National Guard was used to crush protest movements, along with the FBI, DEA and others. Without this brutal violence and extreme prison terms we would have other rulers today. The robotization of the people in the West would probably been stopped with help of the information that followed in the wake of 60-ties. 
Today's world is full of drugs. The range is many times wider than in the 60's and for the most part they are sold for recreation - as party drugs. Chemical derivatives derived from legal drugs and whose names often consist of various combinations of letters. The risk is therefore obvious that somebody might think that the combination of the letters D, M and T also can be fun to try out? 
DMT, LSD, mescaline or psilocybin are no drugs to test out for fun. The experiences that can be overwhelming, to such degree that you loose your mind and end up in a schizophrenic world. It does not mean that there isn't people who would benefit a lot from the experience of psychedelics. A user of DMT explained to me that it gave him an insight that regular psychotherapy also did - but more direct. Every six months he used DMT, the result was a man who gave a solid impression. An artist without hat, scarf or ponytail. A humble man in his forties. Another DMT user in his twenties explained that he understood better what was important in life through the information DMT gave him. Both had an attitude that they learn with the help of DMT and they had past the attachment to new sense experiences that many may get caught in. 
Ayahuasca coming from the Amazon consists of two ingredients - one is DMT and the second is beta-carboline which stop the body from breaking down the DMT. The effect from Ayahuasca last about 4-5 hours and has a quieter effect than if the DMT is taken in by smoking or injection. Smoking or injection has 5-15 minutes effect but is a more concentrated or "heavy". Legal spiritual Ayahuasca organizations or churches can be found in e.g the Netherlands and the United States. Together with experienced people you as a member may encounter the real reality. Unfortunately it has become a bit commercialized as with everything else. 
Today, many people with scientific backgrounds is aware of DMT and a breakthrough  will probably come soon. A breakthrough that may help scientists to take the next step. 
# 

The marketplace along the river I had seen in the morning cycling on the top of the bridge following Pascal to the train station. When Colette and I got there a bit later the trade was in full swing. Food dominated the picture, fruit and cheese in abundance but also fresh meat, and a fish-car. 
Pomona, Belle Boscoup, and many other kind of apples. They must have been stored over the winter but still had good quality. The shell did not have quite the same tone of course and an occasional blemish, sure, but with a wonderful aroma that spread around. Oh, oh, oh for a Scanian the apple cake is deep culture and preferably made after a Scanian recipe, meaning that the apples first cook to mush. The mushed apples is layered with layers of bread crumbles and flavored with cinnamon in between - and a lot of butter and brown sugar – slowly caramelizing in the oven on low temperature. 
Half price for apples here compared to the market square in Ystad, five years ago! Market traders in Sweden they all have the same products and prices as the department stores in general. Competition in fruit and veg no longer exists. Powerful interests has taken over and today all traders buy from the same wholesaler. The politicians sit silenced while the industry boast to investigative journalists "if you make less than a million black a year (150.000 US) you must be either stupid or lazy." Abundant EU aid was given to the Swedish bureaucracy for the police to chase small traders in the squares. Laws and regulations were introduced to kill the little man, he who represents "the ant trail". His money has now been transferred to those who had the resources to hide the cheating. Their books shows that 50% of all fruit and vegetables are thrown out as garbage? In England who has ended up in a 1/95 percent scenario the municipalities have start growing vegetables on municipal land, where previously was lawns and flower beds. Because ordinary people can't afford to buy fruits and vegetables any longer! The same solution as during the two World Wars. 
Colette take me to a stall with organically grown vegetables. She tells me that most of what was sold they cultivated themselves. While the other vendors had basically the same goods, seemed to follow the Swedish pattern? They had some different prices and qualities, but it was the same oil. The food we eat in the West today is to a big extent made from petroleum. In fact nine out of ten calories we put in our bodies comes from oil? Fertilizer, pesticides, harvesting vehicles, trucks and plastic comes from oil. A transformation of agriculture must of course come. We have heard that and it is not very complicated? Or? You let the land lie uncultivated for 3-4 years and then it functions again? Yes, but if there is not enough oil? Will wood do? 
That the natural bacterial flora reappears after a few years can probably be correct, but to get from there to a self-sufficient organic farming system must take a considerably longer time - what will we eat in the meantime? And how long will it take? Our oil agriculture will not be without oil overnight, reasonable is that 3-4 percent is lost annually. It gives us a chance for the conversion of our food production. The long term solution is "Permaculture" which means more or less to grow vertically. On the ground vegetables, bushes with berries and trees with nuts and fruit. Forget meat and bread, none of it can be produced in the future. It requires unlimited amounts of oil. But permaculture can provide everything we need, and the food is much healthier than what we eat today. And today we know that bread and meat is actually quite bad food for humans. 
When we get back to the house Colette ask where I usually buy my food? 
"Well, I've shop at Leclerc sometimes." 
"I have seen that you have some plastic bags from Lidl?" 
"Yes, I buy some stuff there too ... probably the most?" 
"Do you really know what you are eating? And what kind of system you support?" 
"Well, I know Lidl is not so good. But I only have 7 and 8 euros to live on a day and it takes a lot of calories while cycling ... so I buy at Lidl "I replies ashamed. 
"But it must also be important to you that you get all the nutrients, vitamins, trace elements, and the like which makes the body functioning properly. It is not just about calories and C-vitamins? " 
Colette was a trained nurse and seemed to know a lot about nutrition. 
"Yes, sure, but I figured that if I eat a large amount of food as I do, there should be enough with all the other nutrients." 
"It's probably not so - and it does not matter if you buy food at Leclerc or Lidl. The food they sell is produced with herbicides which effects the plants so you can hardly find any measurable data of for us essential trace elements. Sprayed food has not the quality that you get when you grow naturally, and because humans are part of nature, it must be best for us to eat as natural products as possible. If you do not, well then we don't really know what's going to happen? But one thing is clear - if you risk anything – it is your health. And in the future, also the freedom to choose your food. So it is in fact a matter of democratic rights in the end. " 
"I know you are right in what you say ... but I simply can not afford to eat that way?" 
"You have heard of genetically modified food, GMO, I understand. But how much do you really know?" 
"Not very much, more than it is probably quite dangerous. I know for example that Roundup is used to kill weeds. Roundup in itself seems totally against nature? It kills everything, without exception." 
"Well, Roundup do not kill everything. There are some exceptions. The first is of course the plants that has been genetically manipulated so they are capable of being sprayed with Roundup; corn, soybeans and several other GMO crops. Monsanto is the company that sells Roundup but other companies in the biotechnology industry produces similar products, they are based on the same chemical, glyphosate. 
It has also evolved over time, some other plants that are capable to resist Roundup. Superweeds. Nature is so designed that there will always be some individuals whose biological setup has resistance to whatever it might be. Today we know how it works. We have had several diseases, where the "Black Death" in the Middle Ages is perhaps most known, were only a few people survived thanks to this feature - which now give us Superweeds which are capable to resist Roundup. But Monsanto has another herbicide that still manages the Super-weeds and in several countries they have begun to spray it. The so-called 2,4-D agent contain dioxins and it's results in the form of severe birth defects can be studied in Vietnam. This agent is more known as "Agent Orange". United States used Agent Orange to spray forests and fields to defoliate the vegetation during the Vietnam war. But over time 2,4-D will also evolve Superweeds, and then what? 
In fact glyphosate doesn't really kill the plant but weakens it so other enemies in its environment can attack. All agents we've tried to fight nature with has invariably led to the development of resistant organisms. DDT developed malaria mosquitoes that no longer are affected by DDT. Monsanto was the company that sold DDT. DDT which was awarded with the Nobel Prize from your country by the way? 
The exception is of course when using heavy metals such as when they sprayed a layer of mercury on seeds to keep away fungus and the like. It almost killed all our birds. Heavy metals nothing survives. Dioxin is a toxin that takes a long time to break down, so the 2.4-D is much more dangerous than glyphosate if we can compare the two evils? Dioxin and heavy metals damages is quite similar." 
"You know a lot about this, I understand?" 
Colette looks at me seriously and continues, "You may not know it was actions in France that put an end to GMOs in the EU? 
"No, but it doesn't surprise me. Your farmers are well known to use methods which I can not see anything of in Sweden. I have always admired your farmers from the first time I heard about them. They definitely show results. " 
"It started with activists who were members of the Confédération Paysanne. They destroyed tons of GMO seeds that were supposed to be sold to French farmers. It was when they decided to prosecute the activists that the public suddenly became aware of what was going on. 
Since the defense built its case on independent research outside France, all of a sudden the public realized that the companies that were behind the introduction of GMOs had been lying or had withhold information about the dangers. People became also aware of that Monsanto several times previously had lied and concealed facts that have killed a lot of people. The public understood that the government was for the introduction of GMOs and that they were bribed by Monsanto and other biotech companies." 
"So you managed to stop them?" 
"No, they were not so easily stopped. When the public saw that Monsanto's system would take away the freedom to choose their food then they responded. Monsanto's scheme is in fact to control everything from the seed to the dinner table. They own the seeds by patent and avoid farmers since they always have caused trouble. Farmers have too much common sense, I think, and are too honest. The crops in Monsanto's planning should be delivered directly to companies in the food industry that they have cartel agreements with. So they can control the entire chain of our food. 
The French peasants were opposed to the very idea of patenting life, the seeds as well as all other living things. Ten years later, in 2007, Mexico stipulated a law that prohibit farmers to sow their own seeds? From now on you must sow commercial seed. Did you know that?" 
"No ...?" 
"It's called the Monsanto Law which is soon coming to other countries in central America and the world." 
"The beginning of the end for GMOs in France began in 2003 at a demonstration against the WTO. We formed an organization were everyone participated in destruction of fields that were planted with GMOs. Réseau des Faucheurs Volontaires or Voluntary Reapers became a network for those who wanted to participate voluntarily. Pascal and me were involved from the beginning and we have destroyed many GMO crops. 2007 more than half of all GMO field in France was destroyed and a year later most GM-companies gave up. The last fight was conducted by José Bové, president of the Confédération Paysanne and Via Campesina. He began a hunger strike in 2008 that he would not stop until the last GM crop, maize MON810 (Monsanto refused to give up), was banned. After ten days, the government gave in, probably because of public pressure. Only the public can change; and individuals can influence the public. The French movement spread across Europe during the period. Particularly Germany and Italy showed strong opposition to GMOs from the outset. "The Berlin Manifesto" and "The Florence Declaration", defines the right for all regions in the EU to ban GMOs. We are strong today, but not strong enough to prohibit GMO animal feed that many EU countries still allow." 
She has a proud outlook while telling me about their struggle, but there was also something sad behind. 
"You know, I was engaged for the nurses too. Was chosen to represent them in various negotiations. But after a few years I broke down mentally and today I have given up everything. But there are others who struggle. After a while you get corrupted. You become part of the system. I refused to do so and of course got many opponents also within our own ranks." 
"There is something I've thought over for a long time. It's about the products that are sold under the brand "fair trade". It's a lot about removing all middle hands and sell the products directly to the consumers. But what often happens is that the goods will be two, three times more expensive? How can the goods become more expensive when all middle hands disappears? The products should become cheaper? If the grower retains the joint profit then he should be doing well on keeping the old price, don't you think so?" 
"That's true, products become often twice as expensive, which may seem strange? Most farmers has previously been included in the large-scale collaboration, based on intensive cultivation with herbicides and fertilizers. When they leave that they loose the discounts on fertilizers and pesticides. Major producers stop competition in this way, both in Europe and the United States. Large-scale producers are often subsidized by the government. So, we pay with our taxes a toxic agricultural system including those companies who want to take away the ability to choose our own food. Large-scale agriculture had not been able to survive in many countries if they didn't have governmental subsidies of chemicals. With propaganda the people are convinced that this is the best for them and their children." 
"The option for small farmer will then be to get by on his own and that means to grow in a different way, i.e, biodynamicly and organically. In the beginning, the new cultivation method gives often a smaller yield due to greater risk of pest infestation. It takes some time for nature to regain its balance. Once the ecosystem recovered it is possible to combat attacks more effectively. Intensive cultivation, on the other hand, will in the long run become more costly and unprofitable when oil prices rise. 
Another problem is price cheating. Therefore, it's important to know who guarantees for the product. If you have no reputable guarantor for the product then you don't know nothing. I mean if Lidl guarantees for Lidl what guarantee is that? It is not easy to predict the future, but one thing is certain, intensive cultivation will not last for long. We will not be able to continue to grow as we do today. Above all, we will not be able to grow wheat or any other grain. We are literally chewing on the last slice of bread. 
That they are spraying poison at our food is a problem, but perhaps not the greatest? We do not even know for sure what is the most dangerous because it is the industry who is responsible for most of the research. They control the research funds and decides what to be researched? 
Taxes have long subsidized the food industry as multinational cartels have bought up the last thirty years. Food has become an investment opportunity which means that it must provide maximum return for the owners in as short time as possible. Fifteen percent annual interest is the demand and those who pay are the customers, we, the 80 percent. Tailoring production so everything can be sold at full price. Lobbying of governments to build a system of scarcity, awarding those who saw down their fruit trees to keep prices up. Scarcity is the ideal because then prices can be raised? How long can we survive in a system like that? Also France have begin to falter?" 
A few days later, I continue to the south. I'll go to Valance where I have been told that there are jobs as fruit picker. If it were easy to find the way in to Lyon from the north, it is almost impossible to find a way out to the south? Several highways but no ordinary roads? After a while it feels like at the airport in Paris? But finally there is a guy on a motorcycle that brings me to the right track, a track that begins at "Allys Kebab". 
Ally, the owner of the kebab restaurant is friend with the MC guy. I stay all afternoon and juggle with the Kindle reader I just bought in Lyon. Kebab is too expensive but fish burger and salad plus Turkish coffee and some honey dripping cookies fills up. When I have introduced myself and told what I'm doing I become like one in the family. When a new face shows up I get introduced as the cyclist who cycles around the world. That's not really true, but I was on my way to Morocco and had recently cycled around Thailand. Of course if you think that 20 km is a long stretch then of course Paris - Morocco is like the whole world. But the world is bigger than that. 
When my confidence is established, I take the chance to ask if a guy of Turkish descent sense any racism in France and the answers surprises me a bit. Declaration of the younger guys are so logical that I realize that again I have learned something important from the Internet generation. 
The younger guys all born in France none of them feel any racism? They look surprised when I look surprised. Sure, they have a harder time getting a job, that's true, but they do not feel that they are look down on because of their origin. 
The elderly have a different attitude. Most of them are immigrants or were grown up children when they came to France as immigrating families. They have sensed all life that they are less worth than the French people, but on the other hand they have had no problems finding jobs. Some of their friends has returned to Turkey and have a good life now, they believe. Those who returned had no children and if they had their grown up children have stayed in France. The older generation has experienced racism in France - and still do. 
The explanation I get from one of the younger guys is that the young generation sees France as their country. Turkey they see as their parents and older relatives country. They have no intention to move to Turkey, their future is in France. France is their country and they are French. Period. 
The difference from the older generation is that the elderly is always talking about how good Turkey was and they always had a dream of being able to move "home". They have always seen France as different and can not identify themselves. If you distance yourself and feel odd then the surroundings will of course sense that. Are you stuck into that, it will be difficult to change mindset. On the other hand if you've decide that the country you live in is yours, you will have the feeling that you belong. 
There is a lot in that explanation and a bit later I'll get further explanations why racism declines so drastically all over the world in the young generation. 
Rhône is now my companion ... with cargo barges, floating tourist hotel-barges and experienced and less experienced ways to get around on a river. A young man is standing up in a kind of canoe that is too narrow to sit in. He moves downstream the river with the help of a long paddle almost as fast as I am cycling? The weather, in combination with the Kindle reader causes several stops on the way. The hammock comes up and time stops. 
People who do not greet back annoys me more and more? Cyclists and motorcyclists have always had a tacit agreement that they greet each other. In the past we said hallo to people we met in the street, whether we knew the person or not. But as cities grew larger and the populations increased this practice decreased. So why do we feel uneasy when people don't greet in return? A great Swedish actor once told me that he greets on everyone he met. 
"Then they can not talk shit and say that you have been too fine to greet. And not to miss any of those you met once or twice in life, I greet everyone - also those on the other side of the street. "When I once walked with him in Milan's exclusive shopping malls people looked a little puzzled, "Who could that be, who has just said hallo to them?" 
Greetings, is basically a way to confirm the person you greet. To be confirmed by the outside world is actually one of the few needs that humans have; to be recognized and respected for who we are. If not, our mental health will start to deteriorate. Living in a material world where no one sees us leads after some time to a mental breakdown. We can do much better in a world without material things if we are loved and respected for whom we are. 
Erich Fromm says it in this way in his book "The Art of Loving": 
"Man is gifted with reason; he is life being aware of itself; he has awareness of himself, of his fellow man, of his past, and of the possibilities of his future. This awareness of himself as a separate entity, the awareness of his own short life span, of the fact that without his will he is born and against his will he dies, that he will die before those whom he loves, or they before him, the awareness of his aloneness and separateness, of his helplessness before the forces of nature and of society, all this makes his separate, disunited existence an unbearable prison. He would become insane could he not liberate himself from this prison and reach out; unite himself in some form or other with men, with the world outside." 
The people who do not greet back you get angry at because they don't confirm that you have reached outside yourself. It is a tragedy that the other person doesn't dare to return the greeting. Through the media they listens to, has convinced them that the outside world is dangerous - or unnecessary. 
I greet everyone, as the good actor taught me, not just cyclists. Gradually, I understood that a change in the cycling world was going on and it revealed a pattern I've seen before but never quite understood. New riders sometimes look so surprised almost like children, when you say "Hallo" to them. They hardly never take the initiative to say "Hallo". It is not in their world, it seems? Cycling offers them a familiar pattern - you can show who you are through a huge variety of price ranges and models and you can identify yourself with the name on your cycling clothes. On a few occasions I heard by chance that people called each other the names that was on their clothes? Sweet yes, but quite schizophrenic? 
The most expensive bike I've seen cost 20.000 US dollar, owned by a Malaysian lawyer? Everything made of carbon fiber and electronics. When I heard it my honest reaction was expressed in the words "The last idiot isn't born yet." These people will sell their bicycle the day they think they can find life in other things. They always search after what life is and strongly belief that life is hidden in the things they buy. Ordinary people often shines up and greet back, and sometimes I can feel that I interrupted somebody's pondering? 
In Valence I find the fruit and vegetable wholesale market directly, but it is obvious that there isn't any need for labor at the moment. Apricots and peaches are almost finished and it is about two weeks until the pears and apples will be picked. There's probably a better chance for a job when the wine will be harvested. 
People are not particularly friendly but they recommend me to ride back 25 km and apply for job directly from the producers. Between Tournon and Vienne there are jobs with tomatoes, in large greenhouses. There might also be some later harvests around Annonay in Ardèche. 
My Malaysian friend, Saw, recommended Annonay so I decide to bike back. Just outside Tournon, two old hippies comes cycling from the other direction. Black sunburned skin and bleached shoulder-long hair. They have a luggage trolley behind one of the bikes. Two German hippies in their 60s who have lived by picking grapes and fruit for many years. They tell me that not so long ago the farmers offered both accommodation, food, and wine at most places where they worked. Today it is an exception, but they had contacts since long time and most of the time they managed to find the good places. In the past there was a little party every evening when you finished working for the day. Today people go to their caravans and sleep. In several places you don't even get food, but of course when you can take advantage of poor young people from Spain who are willing to work under almost any conditions then ... The minimum wage is today 9.70 euros per hour and they don't dare to go under that. It is mandatory to register all workers before picking season starts, otherwise they will be heavily fined. 
My final question to the German hippies is if they have seen any good place to put up the tent close to Tournon and I'll get a tip about a place near by the river. A perfect place it turns out. Below a 6-7 meter high stone wall, hidden partly under a tree only a few feet from the river's edge. Nobody is using the sidewalk on top of the stone wall and to be able to look down you have to lean over quite a bit. To get down to the place you first have to walk 60-70 meters in the "wrong" direction, down to a canoe club and then go back along the river. It feels very safe, so for the first time, I leave the tent to fill up water and food. First night comes a proper downpour whereupon it rained another couple of hours. Not a drop in the tent! It felt good to know that I would at least be dry if I just get the tent up in time? 
All small and large communities in France Tournon have a public toilet and access to drinking water. All tap water is potable and taste good, unlike a few decades earlier. The reason is that we now have a much higher pressure in the water tubes, that is, we have got better pumps. We always have had clean water. Nestle and other companies want us to believe that there is not clean water. It is a myth. Most places have fresh water and if the water needs to be purified then the technology is well developed and cheap. The problem is that large, multinational companies bribe the politicians to get the right to sell our water to us. A water that cost them less than a tenth of a cent per liter sold for several euros? In Malaysia my water cost was five dollars per month. For all water, cooking, shower, toilet and drinking water – directly from the tap - throughout Malaysia! The government of Sweden followed the same concept until the free market took over. 
The water shortage in Brazil it's entirely connected to the water-selling companies. If those with a good well of freshwater gets the idea that they should sell the water they will soon receive an offer from the major water companies. They buy the right for the water, but will probably never use any. They already have all the water they need. In Manaus along the Amazon river contains 20% of our planets fresh water? Manaus has water shortage? Brazil one of the world's most unequal societies in the world the transnational companies has pillaged without limitation a long time. 
So at last I meet them – at the fresh water tap - the Spaniards. They are three, four couples who seems to ride together. In their thirties. Old vans fitted with sleeping places and a gas stove. Nothing extra, only what's necessary to get to the next day. No children and the women seems to be their natural leaders. Small, somewhat mannish, focused - conscious, free. My kind of woman who vibrates of life in every moment. Clothes being washed, dishes in another bucket while preparing supper. Vegetables cleaned, pots on the stove. The men help were they best fit in. Everyone knows their place, where they are most useful, and no whining. Not saying much all has become routine. The Spanish woman has taken a giant leap, which mean that Spain is heading for disaster, but it is not the women's fault. Spain has the lowest birth rate in Europe, one child per woman! Which is a disaster for the society. 
It feels good when I talk with the group, natural and positive. The men listen and complete the information if the women forget something. They give me advice on how to find jobs, Internet sites, which areas are of interest at the moment and so on, working all the time. They have to get up early next day to find job. They tell me how impossible it is to find work in Spain. 60% under 25 years are unemployed, and they compete for the same jobs? Every euro is important because they have debts to the bank. It was like always just the wealthiest who knew when to withdraw and sell out their investments in time? When the bubble burst, nobody is responsible for the bubble. That's how it works, ordinary people have to pay. 
All of a sudden they pack up, done with laundry, dishes and showers. The food is half-ready, but they want to get further on. Suddenly they are gone? All is quiet at the public toilet in Tournon sur Rhône. I'll take a shower but the water is cold and it's dark. 
Tournon is special probably because I have the good fortune to get to know the people a bit closer. Mohamed immigrated from Morocco when he was young now around forty, wine drinker. Drinking red wine until his stomach says stop and he vomits, but soon he fills up again? Ali from Algeria is well over fifty, mostly  beer, looks healthy. Always humming along with the music from his player. I never really found out were Mohamed and Ali lived but they seemed to have a place of their own. 
Michelle and David, two young guys sitting on the asphalt outside the supermarket in the mornings, begging. They have three dogs that they take care of. Well behaving dogs. Many of those who exits the supermarket give some centimes, or half a euro. The guys are around twenty-five, clean, long haired and with a beer close by. They seems to know some of the people who stops for a talk. 
My experience from Sweden is, first; you do not need to give any money because they can go to the welfare office and get support. Second; the person sitting with a beer in his hand, you should not give any money at all because "he is drinking them up"? Earlier, I also had that view but I have my doubt nowadays whether it really is so right? We often hear that "they can find themselves a job" and that's a healthy attitude, basically. The problem today is that the jobs they are offered, and most people are offered, are not worthy the name “job” any longer. 
A job means being focused in the present and the more you are in the present the healthier you are mentally since it is only in the present moment, we can influence our lives. Past and future are outside and those who devote their time to these time dimensions too much lives in a unhealthy dream world. Work provides an opportunity to develop yourself and because you usually work with other people, you can break free and connect with the outside world. All this is good and we feel good doing it. Above all, the process is fundamentally important for the man because it reconnects him with Nature. Woman solves her process when she gets her children. 
The big problem is that there are no jobs left. The work has been destroyed, with accelerating speed, which began with the division of the work in order to increase efficiency. Modern production and assembly lines destroyed all the good work and replaced it with a sense of shame when we turn into a machine slave. Which in fact means that we do not actually live any longer? A good work is so fundamental to humans that if we don't get it we are transformed into beings merely representing what we basically are. We do not experience life any longer. We are only representations of life and it's something completely different than being alive. The assembly line includes everything of that. 
EF Schumacher writes about work and leisure in the book "Small is Beautiful": 
"To organize work in such a manner that it becomes meaningless, boring, stultifying, or nerve-racking for the worker would be little short of criminal: it would indicate a greater concern with goods than with people, an evil lack of compassion and a soul-destroying degree of attachment to the most primitive side of this worldly existence. Equally, to strive for leisure as an alternative to work would be considered a complete misunderstanding of one of the basic truths of human existence, namely that work and leisure are complementary parts of the same living process and cannot be separated without destroying the joy of work and the bliss of leisure." 
Michelle and David offers me bread and a delicious Camembert, perfectly matured. The cheese is just fetched from the waste container at the back of the supermarket. Too old to sell but perfect to eat? The policy in the market today is not to give discounts instead throw away the food as garbage? That's the world we've created? Exhausted and brain dead from our uninteresting job, we let silently all happen and at the same time we can not understand why such as Michelle and David can not establish themselves in the society? The explanation is much simpler than we could have imagined? They have completely different brains? Minds created in a new world, a world of relatedness - Electricity - Internet. 
I've started reading a book by Marshall McLuhan. That would change my view of the processes in the world altogether. McLuhan says of those who grew up with reading books: 
(8) "People who are subjected to the arrangements of language visually, in lines, highly sequential and precise, rigid, develop habits of arranging their lives, arranging their whole social existence which are very closely geared to these forms. They're not especially aware of this. " 
This has effected many previous generations, ever since Gutenberg's days - in fact, to a great extent from the day we start using the phonetic alphabet. (Later on I will give a closer description of Marshall McLuhan's great discovery.) 
Michelle and David have mainly been shaped by Internet, a medium that affects everyone - whether we are using the computer or not. Internet do not affects us as the phonetic reading do. Internet is not sequential, precise, strict. Internet lacks the restrictions the book world has. Internet is a mosaic. Internet is a medium that is closer to where we were before we turned into literary sequential beings. This means that today's generation have hard time to adapt in aligned rows and strict columns. They are in fact forced to take the second option, unemployment. An equally bad solution as we have seen. A reason why Michelle and David probably do not feel particularly well, but their commitment to the dogs give them the joy of responsibility in life? And they can be proud of the result. But the literary generation don't understand anything? But they have opinions. Point of view is something that the literary generation has developed and with that perspective vision. It has actually gone so far, in our transformation by the literary medium, that we place our point of vision a bit away from what is looked at. Those who are not affected by the literary medium, locate their “point of vision” in the object. That's the reason why tribal people lacks perspective in their art. Initially that art was ridiculed, but today we know how wrong that attitude was. From perspective follows that we must have a point of view on everything. 
What I see in Tournon and in several other places in France is a social consciousness and a heart for those who are further down or outside the social ladder. These good hearts, founded in the early age with the help of Victor Hugo, Balsac, Emile Zola, Michel Foucault, etc. Les Miserables is read by all students in elementary school. 
We talk about the rain that passed during the night and David gives me the hint that I can sleep under the roof at the back of Lidl without the police interfering - but only if it rains. 
Across the river is Ardèche with its characteristic hilly nature. I don't like hills or mountains besides the view of course, but one morning I pack the tent and start cycling to Annonay; the place where  the first hot air balloon was invented and tested. The year was 1783 when the Montgolfière brothers put Annonay on the map? 
Rhône is on my right side, my direction is north on a road with almost no traffic and a pleasantly warm morning. My bags are full of Camembert, Brie and a good Salami, a few walnut bread Netto had a good price on. It's hard to find decent prices on bread in France, white or fiber, doesn't matter. The prices in the bread shops are downright ridiculous and I can't understand how they sell anything at all? And fiber bread is hard to find? 
Lentils, rice, mungbeans and vegetables fills up the energy in my legs which are fit for new challenges. After three years of cycling, the legs has a vigor that they never have had before in my sixty years of life. It started in Ystad the same year I turned fifty-five? In the month of May was the weight for the first time on the wrong side of the 90 kg mark, and I felt compelled to follow the cast promise, "when the scale shows over ninety kilograms then ...". For three, four months, I struggled daily five kilometers in deep sand - walking. Having a break every fourth day, ate like a horse! Four months later, I had lost 10 kg or rather transformed 20 kilograms of fat to a lot of muscle and altogether lost ten kilograms? My "new" strong legs were maintained until it was time to leave Sweden two years later. A trip that still was going on, and now with the Ardèche to the left of me. It didn't look that bad from down here but I knew there were peaks at about 1,400 meter close to Annonay. Sure, the view from the mountain's is amazing but to get up there? What I lacked was in fact patience. To pedal and slowly, meter by meter, get 20, 30 meters did not fit my busy Western mind. There is no visible end .... 
A road on my left – a small yellow sign says D270. People tells me it will take me to Annonay so I continue. The road narrows, only one car can fit the road so the cars disappears. No cars, beautiful ... the ditch on my left side increases gradually to become a drop-off of several tens of meters, maybe a hundred? I follow a new river, the River Cance - a trickle compared to the Rhone, very beautiful meandering along the road sometimes a hundred meter below. The sun starts to warm up and even though the road is not too steep it gets a bit sweaty. The blackberries are ripe, flowers and butterflies in all their splendor makes me stop several times and when the heat rises I just lay me down to rest in the shade of some trees. The cycling hasn't tired, it's the heat that makes me drowsy. I like it here. The road is not very steep so my patience is enough to enjoy the cycling. Is it a road built in Roman times? They built roads for the vehicles they had, as we still do today - the stronger engines the steeper roads. The strongest vehicles determines the slope? Bicycles and the like do not count for. On the other hand we can ride bicycles on the old railway embankments and on "ancient" roads like this one. It is important to find the right medium or environment, such as my "Roman" road. At the end of the twenty km moderately steep climb I meet a white goat, and on the other side of the open gate there is a red cat laying in a wicker couch. A big beautiful house built in large boulders, certainly over a hundred years old, and newly renovated. I wonder "who can live here?" Nobody is home, but the goat greets before I cycle on. 
My "Roman" road is suddenly over with and I get difficulties to find in to Annonay due to the different heights the city is built on. Took out money at the Post Office. I am recommended to go to a beautiful lake 12 km ride uphill but its not so hard. I reach my goal in the afternoon. Huge cedar trees frames the lake. A lot of signs saying camping is prohibited? People walking, jogging or just walking the dog after the day's work after they'll go home to their little cottage? 
On the way up I recognized that virtually all land was fenced. Farmers have a preference to fence and can't tolerate more than one type of vegetation on the same spot? On the other hand, history has shown that without the help from his fellow man they are helpless. They are hospitable and you can always sleep over on their land if you ask for permission. Politicians the world over have always been cautious when stepping into farmers' land because they know that if there will be no food on the peoples table the politicians will be hung, not the farmers. Many also see the farmers as heroes that fights bureaucrats and unnecessary regulations. In Sweden farmers are today virtually extinct. Huge companies has taken over - subsidized by the Social Democratic - tax contribution system. 
What irritates me as a Swede is probably that I have to ask anyone for permission to go to sleep? Or to take a walk in nature, anywhere? As long as you are careful and clean up after yourselves. It is for me as a Swede a human right? In Sweden you can put up a tent anywhere you want for 24 hours,  but you must be out of sight of a house. If you see a house you can't pitch your tent. The law is named "All Mans Right". Therefore, I'll get stubborn and decides to go back to my "Roman road". There where a couple of places where I could put up the tent. But will it be possible before the sun disappear? I had a tip that I could sleep in the park outside the campsite? A tip I got when I passed the campsite to filled up water. 
Now it went downhill, and it was important not to choose wrong way, because it would inevitably then go up again and slowly, slowly. Locality feel is my weakest sense. I'm on the right track but I ask every time an opportunity arises. When I pass the campsite, I know that I'm on the right track. I don't know French and few French knows English so when I meet an Italian who lives in Annonay, my chances increases. The problem is that the Italian guy don't know where the D270 is? Shit! 
But with a little talk with the people around the choice is finally done. It's late, it starts to darken a bit. Down it goes, but is it right? I stop a car coming out of a small side street? An elderly couple? I use my few French words and body language to explain that I'm going to road D270? Pen and paper ... it seemed to be the right choice of the two paths I've chosen moments earlier. And they seems to know where D270 is? But they shake their heads in doubt, it is not going to be easy, but easy to miss? If I had lights on the bike? "Nay, I have not?" They shake their heads again, slowly. Him looking anxiously at his wife. 
The direction is finally described as "straight through three roundabouts" and a little further on ... the road D270 would pop up on the left hand. Signs? No there are no signs, perhaps a "petit" one? "Straight ahead, just straight forward? '" Oui, Oui ... No agush, no adroit. ADROI ... "
" Merci, merci arrevoar !!! " 
A roundabout ... straight through next roundabout but it has five exits? Shit, I'll take the one that descend most. Suddenly it pops up a new roundabout so it is probably right? Three kilometers down, it starts to get dark ... I have to stop and ask. No houses and no cars ... there's a car coming out ... and stop ... wait ... he is turn towards the road where I stand? 
"Bonjour, bonjour. Do you speak English?"  
"Yes, I do ... Good evening." a guy around thirty answers. 
"I am looking for road D270, do you know were it is?" 
"Yes, I do. You are right now standing on it. " 
"What?" 
"D270 starts here were you stand and continues in that direction. Were are you going? " 
"Well I am going down south but do not really know where?" 
"Well if you are going more than three kilometers then you are welcome to come by and have an aperitif in my house?" 
"Yes, I love to ... How do I find the house?" 
"It's the first house on the right hand ... When you come to the cross in about one kilometer from here, just go straight over. Ok? " 
"See you, ehh?" 
Wow, wow ... what a feeling, how could it become so right? The problem now is that it is almost dark. But I still had background light from the summer-sky. 
The first house on the right is the house I stood outside a few hours ago? The house with the white goat and the red cat? Now I got the answer to my question "Who could live here?" The man in the car, Christophe, looks a bit nervous presenting his boyfriend Simone for me. 
"Ah, you are gay guys ... One of my best friend in life was gay or in fact bisexual." 
We find each other directly. Christophe is more easy to connect with. It turns out that he owns half the house while the other half belongs to his former boyfriend who lives there with his 5-6 years old son. With the help of some friends they renovated the house 4-5 years ago. Christophe works at a local construction company where they bought the materials for a little over 10.000 euro. It was the entire cost since friends did the work for free. 
Next morning Christophe show me where I can put up the tent. I am offered to stay in the house but want my privacy now when it is possible. Christophe and his "neighbor" are owners of a huge area. A former industrial site located in the middle of the most wonderful nature scenery. Only the walls of the buildings stands up, consisting of huge boulders. The factory chimney, fifteen meter high, still stands straight. A solid work of highest quality. There is even a church among the buildings. Just put on a roof install windows and a door. Ivy covers large parts of the walls. A small garden that once belonged to the church is situated a bit above the river, there I'll put up the tent. Below is a bridge that the municipality is renovating with the help of EU funding. The bridge crosses the river to an ancient water power plant that previously took advantage of the river's energy for the factory? Perfect for a sauna? A paradise that they had bought for small money and then risen many times in value due to land speculation. Christophe tells me while we walk in the forest up to the house that today they would not been able to buy since the prices has become so high." 
"Here you have a really quite small community and if you do it right, whatever that is? perhaps you could create something that may be important for the future. When the economic system finally will break down? " 
"We have some ideas and not so long ago we organized an art exhibition here, with music and a light show. A lot of people came?" 
"We have plans to renovated the large building up the road, but it will cost much more. It's three times larger than the house we live in so we must have tenants first." 
The other building is just an empty shell, as the building they now lived in once was. Everything in wood from floor to ceiling was rotten. 
"You could sell off part of the area to manage the costs?" 
"We would prefer to keep the area intact. But as you said, maybe we can build something for the future?" 
"I really hope you succeed. The world today has been destroyed largely because speculation in land and housing. In the 1990s and early 2000s people began to understand that investments in the stock market is uncertain, more and more people instead invested their money in land and property. It led to an incredible prices rise, while more and more people became homeless. (9) Today a lot of Americans lives  in large tent cities because of the economic crisis 2008 which was mainly connected with mortgage loans. The crisis was created on speculation in land and property together with a Ponzi Scheme created by the investment banks. While some people has no place to stay other people owns not one or two houses or apartments, but maybe ten, twenty, two hundred or more?" 
"Eighty percent (80%) of us have become poorer over the last 20 years which has meant that those who rent out their properties completely focus on the richer 20 percent. This has happened all over the world, with few exceptions. Maybe Brazil and Malaysia are the most obvious countries. One need only look at the skyscrapers and count how many windows that has light in the evening. First I thought that the dark windows was because people were out doing things, but it was not. It's investment objects. Eighty, sometimes ninety percent of the apartments is investment objects? Nobody lives there? Why does a hotel room cost ten to twenty times more than before? Another interesting number is that the hotels today have an average occupancy of 20 percent. Could it be the 20 percent that we previously talked about, who can afford to pay ten to twenty times higher prices? Where have they got the money from? Well, a big part is from the 80 percent who haven't had any raise of the salaries the last thirty years. When the upper one (1) percent has taken around 25 % of all money paid out in salaries, then the 20 percent will split 80 % of what's left. Accordingly, the people that represent the 80 percent has to fight for the remaining 20 % of paid out salaries. But as I said, first the one (1) percent takes 25 %, and now we are just talking salaries! 
1970, 90% of the world trade were goods and 10% was speculation. 1990 the numbers was reversed 10% of the world trade was material goods or services while 90% was speculation. 1994 the numbers was 5% respectively 95%. (10) Today, it is worse. Todays worlds trade in goods is based on a total of about 70 trillion U.S. dollars annually. This means that the speculation has increased from, say, 7 trillion from 1970 to 1500 trillion in the mid 90's? A large part of these sums (equivalent to at least 20 years of world trade in goods) has been invested in land and property. If it would be a "normal" development then houses and land investments should be far under 7 trillion? Overnight these changes barred the young generations possibilities to have a home of their own. 
Our costs have now become so large that we can only pay the interest on our loans? Today, the investment banks are our landlords though they let us to believe that we own the house? In India I had the opportunity to look behind the scene at an exclusive resort. It has 40 rental units built in an artificial landscape? The rent is between 700 and 1.000 dollars per night. It has 120 employees for the daily service. If they rent out all units over a single weekend it payed all workers' wages for two years?" 
Christophe hand me the key to the house before they go to their jobs. After having a good breakfast I'll put up the tent. The hammock find its place between two apple trees and the afternoon is devoted for reading. In the evening I'll get electricity and light, and I begin to feel at home. It's warm and comfortable, a bit into the month of August. A week later my hosts sets off on a mini-holiday while I look after the house, the goat and the red cat. 
When they come back we are invited to help one of their friends to bring in straw bales. The bales will be used to build a straw house? Straw is cheap, and has few disadvantages. After the work, we are invited for dinner by the parents to the builder. People join in and some smoke joints which fits me well. Folks from Marseilles have brought the stuff and it has good quality, the price is really low. Marseilles must be the cheapest place in France, maybe in all Europe? The Corsican mafia has certainly a finger in the pie? After all it was their major home port for opium for several decades. Today it has come to an end for the heroin laboratories in Marseilles (11), but the mafia seems to keep the organization "trained" on soft-drugs? The same pattern as in Laos and Thailand? 
During the discussion I understand that some had put their hope to president Hollande's promise that homosexuals will have right to adopt children. Many doubt that he will keep the promise, while others refuse to give up hope. Yet nothing has happened? Some who have children seems to have arranged it through cooperation with lesbian couples. To take away from people the greatest joy - to show a child the way into the world - without any real reason (Besides that the child might suffer of the prejudices the opponents have?) is to me incomprehensible?  This clearly shows the need for something new. The Internet Generation will not accept it any longer. 
The Internet is a new language that affects all of us. The speed and its structure transforms us so we no longer can accept the old world standards – the visual, sequential, rigorous and aligned world standards. Nowadays, everyone's brains is shaped for something completely different, something more complete. 
I have had discussions with young people from many countries around the world and when we finally reach to the core, that - love - between two people is the same regardless of gender, then they have given up all their resistance and accepted the facts. Maybe we can't stand at the squares and bring these opinions out publicly, but the time of change has come, even to India. India is about to change the law so that homosexuality is no longer illegal? (I thought but 2013 India took the decision that the law against homosexuality will prevail?) Why must everything take so damn long time? 
During the evening, I'll get a job offer. Picking grape when the season begins which seems to be in the end of September. But the weather delayed the start and after my second visit to Pascal and Colette in September the picking hadn't started yet so I decided to continue to Spain. Along lovely channels I followed basically the river Rhône to the Mediterranean Sea. Arrived by boat with a family who picked me up out in no mans land. Where I was lost, after broken a spoke and with a flat on the rear wheel. I got of in Sete. Half an hour later another family offered me to pitch the tent in their garden, a large sand bed? The waves rock me to sleep for two nights. 
A few days later, near the Spanish border, I meet Dieter from Berlin. He will be my companion to Barcelona. 
# 

(1) Manufacturing Consent, Noam Chomsky. Documentary film or book. 
(2) The World According to Monsanto – Marie-Monique Robin.avi from YouTube. 
(3) Sir Ken Robinson easily found on YouTube. 
(4) Preventive war ”The Supreme Crime”, Lecture by Noam Chomsky August 11, 2003 
(5) The History of Marijuana torrent download, maybe YouTube? 
(6a) DMT: The Spirit Molecule, Rick Strassmans M.D, book about research on DMT. 
(6b) The.Spirit.Molecule.2010.x264 free download, try YouTube. 
(7) Food of the Gods, Terrence McKenna. 
(8) McLuhans Wake hittas under: Kevin.McMahon.McLuhans.Wake.2002.DVDRip.XviD on YouTube or as torrent download. 
(9) Inside Job {2010} Limited 720p BRRip x264 – HDMiCRO, torrent download or YouTube. 
(10) Source: Noam Chomsky, Class Warfare. 
(11) The Politics of Heroin in Southeast Asia, by Alfred W McCoy. 


CHAPTER 2, SPAIN. 
Dieter is a teacher, teacher in car mechanics, but I can't imagine him as a car mechanic, at all. But nowadays you can become a teacher of whatever without even been working with it for a minute? If anyone discovers after been educated to teaching that it was not what he imagined it to be he don't have a chance to choose something else, he have to pay back the student loans. 
My first education was car mechanic. Got an award as the best student which was spend on the ferryboats to Copenhagen along with my best friend Jan. Prawn sandwiches, and Elephant beers - and was it "Cuba Libre”? 
Dieter is impressed by my bicycle bags that are made out of a advertisement banner that hanged outside a hardware store outside Lyon. Pascal just took it? We were there to buy a PVC canvas but it was too expensive. I drew and cut the template while Colette sewed. Yellow and red shining bags hanged now on the bike as warning-signs for motorists. 
The scenery became more mountainous after quite a long flat stretch. We approached the Spanish border on the Pyrenees eastern slopes. An unexpected break provided by a broken spoke on the rear wheel get us on a train to Figueres, where we'd planned to visit to the Salvador Dali museum. A well-stocked bike shop have just what I need and after the repair it's time to find a sleeping place. It doesn't feel totally safe to sleep in the park, but we are two so ...? Signs of previous overnighters is reassuring sign. Nobody warns us or looks particularly worried. No police cars in sight and the night is tranquil. 
It is overcrowded of people, as always probably, at the Dali museum but we laugh about it and set of after a couple of hours towards the coast. The sky is quite dark but we don't find any good places were we can put up the tents. In a small village we buy food in a kind of supermarket. It's not cheap. People looks suspicious at us in the village ? Not until I find the fruit merchant, we feel a bit relaxed. Prices are good. A harsh but warm smile is coming up during my conversation with the big lady behind the counter. We are in Catalonia, the place where the people lived "Utopia" a few interesting months or years and it all began in 1936. Three years later it was stopped brutally by general Franco with full support of Nazi Germany, Western multinational cartels and the Soviet Communism. General Franco was supported by those and kept in power for 35 years until he at last died. 

SPAIN. ANARCHISM AND TOTALITARIAN SYSTEMS. (1) 
Most of us have probably realized that the communist system have not functioned anywhere in the world. We have seen communism in its worst form as dictatorial systems which eradicated a lot of the people, or in a less oppressive form were people was locked up for decades in prisons or mental facilities. We've never really seen a functioning communism. Though a lot people probably believe that it is fundamentally right that a society should be ruled and belong to those who have worked and struggled to put the society's wealth together. The question that a lot of people don't have a clear answer to is - why didn't communism function. The answer is surprising, but for me, it's crystal clear. 
Edward Griffin writes in his book "World Without Cancer" (2) the following: 
"This is reminiscent of the sentiments expressed in 1973 by the United States Tariff Commission. In its report to the Senate, it said: 
In the largest and most sophisticated multinational corporations, planning and subsequent monitoring of plan fulfillment have reached a scope and level of detail that, ironically, resemble more than superficially the national planning procedures of Communist countries." 
This means that multinational companies is not built on free enterprising but on the opposite. Free enterprising must then be a threat to the multinational corporation – like it is to communism. 
So, what do we mean with "free enterprising"? Free enterprising means an enterprise free from interference or as little as possible interfered with decisions made from outside. 
Another often used word is "Capitalist". What does that word really stand for? A capitalist means that somebody owns something. And since we all own something we are in fact all capitalists? The word capitalist has then been misused, as so many other important words, so the word today is significant with something totally different. I believe that the most close description of the word "Capitalist" is in the word "Monopolist". A Monopolist takes control over enterprises with the help of his capital and with the rules that the system has put up. 
A way to rule a market in a monopolistic way is to make agreement with other companies to follow certain agreed internal rules to keep prices up and to crush those who don't want to participate. That is how “Cartels” are created. Cartels, Monopoles, Communism, and Socialism has exactly the same enemy - The Free Enterprising. 
Sweden is a good example on how cooperation between the Social Democratic Party and the big monopolist Wallenberg after the World War II helped Wallenberg to build up an enormous wealth by using the rules the Social Democratic Party introduced. Politicians gave the public an impression that they could regulate the Wallenberg sphere of power with different rules (and I am sure they believed it was possible), but the end result was the opposite. It can be shown that it is impossible to control the markets with rules and forces. Adam Smith devoted his life to demonstrate that. Attempts to regulate will end up in more power to them you try to regulate, with no exception. 
The only solution to the problem is to minimize government rules as much as possible which means to have as small government as possible. And that is the monopoles and cartels greatest fear. In the worst case they can even accept the imposition of communism, because communism is also based on an authoritarian system that is controlled by a group of a few percent of the population. Where they most likely will be in power again. They have all important contacts and that is crucial. They have extensive knowledge, political experience and speak the same language when intrigues are in the air. Sure, some will be hanged a few more locked up but those families with power can even come out richer as earlier? The reason for such decisions, history shows, has been because of long wars has threaten to destroy the one (1) percents investments. The worst case scenario is if the free enterprise activity is unleashed, i.e that the governmental rules that enrich the monopolists are removed. Monopolies and cartels can't survive under such conditions. Then the Communists and Monopolists join to fight those who advocate a minimal government and free enterprising.  
Cartels is illegal just to show the 80 percent that the politicians are doing something about the problem. But the penalties are in no way a deterrent compared to the huge profits. The one (1) percent don't care the slightest about whether they are hanged out in the press and TV. They just pay the fine without a murmur since it's only a few percent of what they've illegally earned, and then they can extend the control further. Willingly the one (1) percent supports the writers and associations who talks about anything but to cut back on government size and its power. Should someone start talking about that, he will effectively be silenced by all other parties. 
When you replace a super-capitalistic system with a communistic system you replace a super-monopolistic system with total monopolistic system.
History shows that cartels have supported and cooperated with all kind of totalitarian political systems throughout. They supported the Nazism in Germany as much as it was possible. And the same with the fascism in Italy and the Bolsheviks in Russia. Franco's Spain got support with weapons mainly from Soviet to eliminate anarchism. The most communistic communism in modern times was eliminated by totalitarian Soviet communism. The anarchism was a threat to communism because anarchism don't have an elite that runs the political scene. At the same time the cartels convinced the Allies including the American Congress to not sell arms to either side in the Spanish war. Roosevelt admitted that that decision was wrong. The Soviets just eradicated the anarchists while the government in the West were doing nothing. The anarchists could not defend themselves with old weapons. 
However, there is a difference between super-monopolism and total communism which is probably the reason why super-monopolism functions for a longer time. There is still some freedom left in the super-monopolistic system. Recent decades has, however, impoverish much of the population in many countries belonging to that system. Because of that the super-monopolistic system have made its move into total monopolism which the above statement from the United States Tariff Commission clearly demonstrates. USA and UK are countries that will soon approach the historic inflection point where one (1) percent of the population owns 99 percent of the society's wealth. The conditions in those two countries today is that one (1) percent has more wealth than 95 percent of the rest of the population owns all together. Plato was the first to see that when the ruling class loses contact with them they rule over a revolution is on its way which history and more modern analysts and scholars of totalitarianism confirms. The weakest group today is as it always has been, the young generation. But the young has always been at the forefront of the new. Another important fact is that the Earth's population today consists of more than 50 percent under the age of 25. 
Today the Internet Generation has no job and nowhere to live (even if they have a job). They can't raise a family. A need that the Internet can't influence since it is an instinctive fundamental need, especially for the women. 
With Internet Generation I primarily mean persons under the age of 25, year 2014. The reason for that is that most of them are grown up in an electronic world. Not in a world of books. They are constantly growing in number while the older generation soon will decrease rapidly. (In ten years the huge generation from the 40-ties will be 75 - 85 years old.) The brains differ a lot between those two. I mean literally the brains not only the most obvious - their mindset. 
Edward Griffin writes in the book "World Without Cancer": 
“If reliable leadership should ever present itself, it will be recognized by a single quality that neither Communism nor Nazism, nor any other totalitarianism can ever possess. It will advocate and promote the drastic reduction of government. It will not merely advocate trimming the bureaucracy or tinkering with the existing structure to make it more efficient, it will call for the elimination of most of the structure that now exists. To recognize this leadership, we will not have to be political scientists, or philosophers, or history buffs. By this test alone, we will be able to distinguish between the genuine and the imitation. With this kind of leadership, political conspiracies will be doomed to oblivion.” 
Historically anarchism has of course being fought constantly by the one (1) percent. They have depicted the anarchism system as an uncontrolled chaos where everyone wants to take power, therefore killing as many people as possible, of their opponents? But humans do not function like that, and more and more of us understands that today. 
It's actually the other way around and if there ever been killing by the anarchists they have been provoked for a long time. One example was when the priests and monks in Spain let snipers shoot on anarchist sympathizers from church towers and monasteries in the late 1930s. Or when groups of anarchist youths were murdered after they participated in anarchist youth meetings. 
The Church is like Communism and Monopolism an authoritarian system, in sometimes worse? The Inquisition speaks for itself. There is suggestions that it was not some thousands that was burned on the stake or drowned but hundreds of thousands. Executed in the name of the Church. It is not so big difference today only in numbers and that it is hidden. A few years ago allegations came up that the rival youth killing gangs in Central America, was in large initiated by the Catholic Church. Most of us do not believe there exist people who can use sick people or noble goals just to enrich themselves. But one need not to be a Stalin or Hitler for that. It's enough being an economist in our current system. Minor brain-damaged persons, psychopaths, people without empathy, don't count lives but money. If we use human basic needs as a reference to health then the psychopath is a severely mentally sick person. But in our system he still manages and sometimes extremely well, economically. The worst is that our system supports their behavior almost all the way. 
It's time for a change of system, and a system that fits our Internet-generation is in fact Anarchism. Let us hear what they say, who lived during the years 1936 - 1939 in Asturias, Catalonia, Andalusia, Aragon, Extremadura, Castile and Levante. All together 3 million Spaniards experienced a life in anarchism during that time. They participated and worked in a system where the proposed changes entirely came from the working people. The voting was decided on the spot by those who would be affected by the decisions. 
They chose their own representatives if and when they were in need of them. And when the need was fulfilled the bureaucracy with its representatives was dissolved. If someone wanted to dismiss a person that represented them it was decided by voting. There was no one who was appointed for a fixed time. They lost their position in a few hours if the voting result said so. The system worked smoothly and the appointed representatives were usually well known for a long time by the voters. Representatives to a higher level always was decided among those at the level immediately below. Everyone could in fact require any representatives being sacked further up, all the way up to the minister post. But it required that colleagues at all levels had the same wish showed by votes. 
Hierarchies are controlled from the top down while Anarchism is controlled from the bottom up? In a totalitarian systems the people elect the top representative who in turn select the people that are going to be ministers in the administration. In Anarchism you just elect the person that is going to represent yourself at the next level. The person is usually known for a long time by the persons that are voting. The elected person participate on the next level to elect next levels representatives etc. 
Workplaces are functioning collectively where everyone has a voice and a vote. Proposals are approved or rejected by voting. Everyone can put up suggestions and the voting is done as soon as possible. A proposal may work better in one place than in another because the cultures in different locations are not exactly the same. It means that there is no top-down control – so anarchism doesn't look exactly the same everywhere. To have the same rules in voting and in the collective work is the basic idea. No land can be expropriated, but the landowner's right to manage their land can be taken away from him, still he has the right to sit on the board that decides how the land should be used. If you want to run your own business then it is allowed but that does not mean that you can keep the entire profit for your own consumption. Committees decides what is appropriate for self-employed families to live on. Openly and equally the production is distributed and if anybody is dissatisfied, they can request that the issue is raised again and voted - always in public. All meetings are public, without exception. 
Maybe somebody think it must been spent more time at meetings than on working, but it was not. The system got people engaged in the activities they participated in, in a way that they usually do not in totalitarian or top-down hierarchical systems. There they are just an insignificant cog. Now they took part in decisions concerning the work and their own future. 
When General Franco with the help of the totalitarian powers regained power by force and the former factory owners (who consistently closed factories and invested their assets abroad) returned, they were often surprised that "their" factory had become so much more efficient? Many times, output was doubled plus that the stock had never been larger. All land was cultivated – without exception. So, there wasn't a lot of useless talking or voting. Eight-hour working day. Don't forget that it was a civil war going on, so a lot of the men didn't participate in the production. The women managed it well. 
Sometimes the voting was concerning if the factory was going to hire some unemployed even though the factory wasn't in any need of manpower at the moment? But one felt a strong social commitment, and often the group's decision was that there were enough to share with one more person, or two. 
In Barcelona the anarchists became highly respected when they contacted prostitutes and persuade them to stop prostitution and offered them a regular job. Nobody any longer was called Senhor and the like. You, Comrade, or Friend was the new way to great each other with. Money ceased to be used in many places because they were after a while completely unnecessary. 
Typical by ordinary anarchists was that they wrote and sold leaflets and books about everything; usually related to social issues. The Spanish society had previously been limited by harsh censorship rules especially from the Church and harsh penalties if publishing non-approved subjects. Now everything was released and sexuality was a very interesting topic among young people. 
The anarchists formed schools which were based on Francisco Ferrer Guardia's ideas that he had studied from Decroly and Pestalozzi. The Modern School was created in 1902. Guardia was a stern libertarian who became extremely inconvenient to the ruling class. 1909 some military officers killed him with full knowledge from the king. Guardia had engaged himself in protests with the soldiers who didn't want to go on suicide mission to Africa. 
Puig Elias school or Natura School was another one of the schools that was created. Liberto Sarrau tells us in the documentary "Living Utopia". "But the thing is, there was an emphasis that was always greater than the education. And it was that you had to ensure that the child would use the education not to become a storage of knowledge but rather to become aware of how to use that knowledge. The aim was that the child would always be himself, that there would be a differentiation between each child, between all the children. Great care was taken with that because it's the main element of anarchism and of anarchism's teaching methods." 
Aurora Molina testify that in her school they never read any Bakunin or Kropotkin (founders of anarchism). She points out that they rather read poets works that certainly not can be compared with any sort of revolutionary education. It was more inclined to the pacifist way. 
The school was free of charge for all and to uphold the schools integrity no contributions was accepted from the municipalities or from the state. Schools were funded solely by the revenue the local production created. It was the local workers who paid their children's education. In Catalonia the schools taught in Catalan and in general the teaching were adapted to the culture where the education was done. Not to forget all the privately printed leaflets and books I mentioned earlier. At the workplaces they learned how to plan and control the production. Entire municipalities with its transportation systems, energy systems etc must be maintained and operational. Soon was understood that there were more modern equipment abroad which was purchased when the economy allowed. 
This all together created a huge boost of people's level of knowledge which in fact is the only way to achieve anarchism. If people are not aware of how the society functions then they can't understand why anarchism is a good way to live. If you are not familiar with the alternative to anarchism you will never be able to make a conscious choice. Therefore education is the foundation of anarchism and before it reaches all we have to live with what is thrown to us by those who own everything. The owners; either the one (1) percent in a monopolistic society or the 2-3 percent in a communist society. 
As noted, history shows that when one (1) percent of the population owns more than 99 percent of the wealth of the society the society will come to a change. In Spain in the 1930s, this was a reality which led to rebellion and then to anarchism. In Russia it led to communism. A communism that initially had a lot in common with anarchism. If the totalitarian cartels had been able to support a totalitarian communistic takeover in Spain, similar to the Bolsheviks in Russia, they may have been satisfied with that. (3) Oliver Stone's documentary, The Untold History of the United States Part 1 shows that that Franco's direct support was given by the American cartel industry among several others were Ford, General Motors, Firestone. They provided Franco with machinery, trucks and tires. Texaco Oil promised Franco that all the oil needed, he got on credit. (Texaco also supplied Hitler with oil.) At the same time the Spanish Communists received new modern weapons from the Russian Communists. Many came from all over the world to fight for the Spanish Republic, several on the anarchist side. George Orwell participated and wrote "Homage to Catalonia" to tell the world about what he and others experienced. 
The Spanish anarchism was nothing that just jumped out of the magician's hat. The foundation was founded hundred years earlier when  the Spanish workers for the first time organized themselves. Thirty years later, 1870, Spain appeared as a shining example for the rest of Europe and the world. At the First International in London formed by Karl Marx Spain took stand for Bakunins anti-authoritative ideas in contrast to the authoritarian Marx. They continued to build on Bakunin's ideas - "Everything should be free for all." Garcia Oliver, Minister of Justice, implemented the law of equal rights for men and women. For the first time in European history? Frederica Montseny became the first female minister in Europe. 
The anarchists didn't seize power through a bloody revolution but through elections which supported various factions. Anyone who has an interest in the details have to dig deep in the archives. What happened in Spain during these years has long been concealed, nothing that have been talked about. Not political correct subject – is one of the technique that the ruling one (1) percents media use to put a stop to it. Subjects that is a direct threat to the power can not be openly discussed. Therefor anarchism is one of few topics that is not considered as correct to discuss. How this technique works in detail can be read in "Necessary Illusions" by Noam Chomsky or seen in the documentary "Manufacturing Consent" (4). Frederico Arcos says that "They did all they could to discredit the revolution and to erase it. Until a few years ago you never saw any books that told the truth about the revolution." 
So from a huge poverty arises an enormous wealth not only physical, but above all the human experience of being together on equal terms, without authorities. What actually happened was that the participants had returned to the society they belonged to thousand of years ago, what Robert K. Logan (5) describes as: 
"THE CORPORATE GROUP AND THE “BIG MAN” COLLECTIVITY . 
Leadership  emerges at this level “to integrate the village-sized community into a regional economy” (Johnson and Earle 1987, 158). Intensification now requires the cooperation of many villages and, hence, a manager. The “big man” coordinates economic activities, such as the construction and use of group-wide technologies. He is also responsible for the greater integration of the new polity by negotiating alliances and trading relationships, organizing ceremonies, and accumulating wealth as a form of risk management. This role of the “big man” who controls certain resources leads, for the first time, to a stratification of the society but he only rules at the pleasure of the group and can easily be replaced if he does not deliver." 
What happened in Spain affected people of course the rest of their lives and you can feel their joy of once being a part of living close to Utopia, though it was for a brief moment. Despite all the killings and other horrific traumas they sense that it was worth it; to show the world that you don't need any police, rich people, church, or government to have a dignified life. There were ministers but not what we usually call a government during this time because it wasn't necessary for having a good life. 
When General Franco took power and the factory owners came back to their factories in many places they just deliberately destroyed the improvements and new installations that had been made by the workers. No one should imagine, or remember, that the workers knew better than those who ruled. And Franco was permitted by the leaders in the world to remain in power for extremely long time. To definitely erase the memory of what must never happen again. 
The ending of anarchism in Spain is both a tragic and revealing story including murdering of youths comparable to the worst war crimes in history. And we know too well what Picasso's Guernica represents in our world conscience. But the one (1) percent isn't effected of that. A few years later, Winston Churchill's words sounded over the world: 
"That democracy is met when the government rests in the safe hands of the privileged domain". 
Let us look at what Noam Chomsky says in the book "Keeping the Rabble in Line": 
“So, if you studied the canon properly at the University of Chicago, they taught you that Adam Smith denounced the mercantilist system and colonialism because he was in favor of free trade. That's half the truth. The other half of the truth is that he pointed out that the mercantilist system and colonialism were harmful to the people of England but very beneficial to the merchants and manufacturers who were the principal architects of policy. In short, it was a class-based policy which worked for the rich and powerful in England. The people of England paid the costs. He was opposed to that, because he was an enlightened intellectual, but he recognized it. Unless you recognize that you're just not in the real world.” 
Wilhelm von Humboldt is one of our great classic liberals. The basis for them is free enterprising activity which is explained as follows in Noam Chomsky's book "Year 501": 
“Wilhelm von Humboldt, who inspired John Stuart Mill, described the "leading principle" of his thought as "the absolute and essential importance of human development in its richest diversity," a principle that is not only undermined by the narrow search for efficiency through division of labor, but by wage labor itself: "Whatever does not spring from a man's free choice, or is only the result of instruction and guidance, does not enter into his very nature; he does not perform it with truly human energies, but merely with mechanical exactness"; when the laborer works under external control, "we may admire what he does, but we despise what he is.” 
Noam Chomsky, are sympathetic to the anarchist (anarchy syndicalist) way to manage a high-tech society. He answers in "Keeping the Rabble in Line" after first received the following "question": 
“DB: Let's take Adam Smith, for example. He of course is the icon celebrated by the corporate community as the godfather of capitalism. But your research reveals some very startling information about Adam Smith. 
Chomsky: It's not really startling. It's well known in Smith scholarship. Recall that Smith, for example, had even given an argument to show that a properly functioning market will tend towards equality and that the perfect system will be one of very extensive and pervasive equality. The closer you reach equality the closer you reach a perfect society. He also argued that only under those conditions would a market function efficiently. He was very critical of what he called "joint stock companies," what we would call corporations, which existed in quite a different form in his day. He had a good deal of skepticism about them because of the separation of managerial control from direct participation and also because they might, he feared then, turn into, in effect, immortal persons, which indeed happened in the nineteenth century, not long after his death.” 
Anarchism's basic idea is that every person is unique and that her uniqueness is an asset to society and must be protected at all costs. That is carefully looked after  already when the citizen takes his or her first step into the society as a child. Diversity as John Stuart Mill so strongly calls for "must not be undermined," is fully preserved. The question is then whether we can be consider the work performed in a collective as controlled by someone or whether the control is in the hand of the worker himself? The answer might not be 100 % clear, but we can say with certainty that everybody have as much right as anyone else to influence the work. Everybody have the right to speak for their ideas, and it is quite obvious that there isn't any authoritarian control in the manner that is found in the other systems we know of. If you listen carefully to those who are being interviewed in the documentary, there is no doubt that they felt deeply involved not only in the field they worked, but in many other activities. They felt that they contributed in several ways personally. Unlike other systems we will; admire man for what he does, but also for what he is. 
The people have intuitively known for centuries that equality between people in a society is fundamental to have a good society. Today research provides insight in how unequal societies literally kill itself from inside. So, the admirable Adam Smith is again 250 years before in his argumentation.
Robert H. Frank, Professor of Economics. Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell comes with several interesting topics in his book "The Darwin Economy" (6). He is a big fan of Adam Smith, but points out that Darwin's view of the economy is more realistic in many ways, he thinks that what may be beneficial for the individual is often a double loss for the group. He is very critical of the view that today's libertarians have. 
Those who calls themselves liberals today have a totally opposite view to those we talked about as anarchists. Today's libertarian is a mockery of anarchism and it is of course confusing - but that's the point. They will, however, never to call themselves anarchists, so let that be the word denoting the Spanish people when they lived near Utopia. 
Robert H. Frank is equally critical (like Chomsky) on how the new liberals exploit Adam Smith to create an unequal society. Professor Frank is interesting in the sense that he uses the same arguments as his opponents; that the market is based on fair competition and that people always are rational in their actions. He does, however add to the discussion that they are not struggling for absolute values, but relative values. He shows his opponents, evidence after evidence, that they struggle in a zero sum game that largely could have been handled more efficiently. And that it certainly doesn't require our most intelligent students who ends up in the banking industry. This is devastating for the society in the long run because the brains that would have been able to create something useful for us disappears into a world where they are trained to be without emotions and to act like psychopaths. 
Professor Frank points out that Smith's "invisible hand" is only a special case, which economics sometimes use as an ongoing "argument" when they lack explanation. Professor Frank is critical of the fact that the financial world has concluded that what comes out as a winner in the market is morally right and that we should have more of it, while what does not survive in the market should no longer be encouraged. Although Darwin's theory is partly based on an elimination process were the strong man finally wins doesn't mean that it is best for the group; the society. He takes as an example were the new (the winner) alpha male lion first of all kills the former alpha-male's offspring. This affects the group in an extremely negative way. What is best for the individual can often be devastating to the group. Investors and bankers are as the new alpha male, they do only look after their own and don't care about the potential cost that society have to take. Such considerations are not included in the psychopath game plan. 
Let me end with Liberto Sarrau and his thoughts about what anarchism really is: 
"Anarchism isn't a theory. It isn't just a philosophy. It isn't just a program for living. It's a way of life – A way of life. " 
Let us return later to anarchism together with the Internet Generation. 
# 

THE GRAND AREA PLAN. 
A relevant question you might ask is if it is only in Spain that anarchism has existed in modern times and the answer is that anarchism has existed in almost every freedom struggle we have seen since 1917 (and probably before also). 
In the first phase when people have had enough of the old system and together take to the streets to end the suffering and injustice. In that startling moment are formed groups whose ideas and inner structure coincides with anarchism. Our tribal sense of connectedness is awoken as the group gives us safety. Unfortunately, soon after the victory and its awakening power constellations are formed, often by literary persons, and academics, to betray the people in the revolutions aftermath and seize power. It suit the literary personality perfectly, however, but it also require that you have the financial means to buy support (bribes) and weapons. Financial support has often been offered by large international financial interests. (2) Trotsky probably got 20 million U.S. dollars supported by Jacob Schiff, head of the investment bank “Kuhn, Loeb and Company”. Family Schiff close to the richest one (1) percent in the world like Warburg, Morgan and Rockefeller (Felix Warburg married Jacob Schiffs daughter Frieda). 
Since the end of the Second World War up till today people has taken to the streets to demand their right to a dignified life, but they have hardly ever succeeded. Millions of people has been killed and there is a logical explanation. Based on something named the "Grand Area Plan" which might sound almost like a conspiracy at the highest level? 
The Grand Area Plan was no conspiracy. It was a study done by a group named "The War-Peace Studies Group." The group was part of a project carried out under "The Council on Foreign Relations" (CFR) and the studies took place between 1939 - 1945 Let's first look on CFRs background. 
The Council on Foreign Relations was an organization formed by a group of about 150 American academics in the end of World War I which thoroughly had studied  what the German defeat would mean to the world. Before President Woodrow Wilson attended the Peace Conference at Versailles in 1919, the group could present over 2,000 documents which dealt with the world of politics, economics and social conditions. But the group didn't received the interest they'd hoped for. 
A year earlier they attended a meeting in New York, "The Council on Foreign Relations," where their work had been highly respected by the  participants from the banks, private industry and the business world. Those three worlds had interest in how the real world functioned to be able to make the right strategic business decisions. The organization "The Council on Foreign Relations" was formed in 1921 with Elihu Root as chairman, former Secretary of State under President Theodore Roosevelt. A year later, the first edition of the well-reputed business magazine Foreign Affairs came out. 
In the late 30's Ford and Rockefeller funds contribute large sums together with Carnegie Corporation to CFR which makes it possible to open up "branches" across the United States. The idea is to bring together influential people at local level and influence local leaders to advocate the policies CFR stands for. An annual conference in New York ensures that the message reaches everyone. Already 1917-1918 were a few close friends of President Woodrow Wilson involved, one of them is Walter Lippmann. Lippmann was the leading journalist in the 1920s who became fascinated by what was named "Engineering of Consent" by Edward Bernays. Lippmann called it "Manufacturing of Consent". The method involves Propaganda to get people to adopt the view you want them to have - so democracy can take its course. Instead of waiting for people so they can can discuss their way, the answers is planted in them and it is so smartly done that people believe that it is their own rational decisions taken. The methods for achieving these goals were not important. The important thing was to achieve the goals in time! The term "end justifies the means" has never suited better than in this world of ... democracy? 
The group of academics had create a forum, The Council on Foreign Relations, for diplomats, academics and senior government representatives together with lawyers, industrialists and bankers to support the Government in implementing its policies. Policies created by "Manufacturing of Consent. So who's policy the Government implement is quite obvious. The one (1) percent's policy. 
If we jump 20 years and look on the "The War-Peace Studies Group", we find that it was funded entirely by Rockefeller funds. 
The The War-Peace Studies Group began their work in 1939 and continued until the war ended in 1945, primarily in four areas: Finance, weapon systems and security, territorial and political issues. The group's work was so secret that no ordinary member of the CFR knew anything – only if they participated directly in the work. Within the government, and at the highest level within the State Department everyone were impressed by the work presented, over time it had become almost 700 “memoranda” circulating at the highest levels in the government. For a superpower, it is of utmost importance to have a detailed and careful planning which in the case of USA always has been performed by a centralized and clearly class conscious social group - the one (1) percent. The owners of the economy. 
Between forty and sixty percent of the president's men between 1945 - 1980 were members of the CFR. Prominent members such as Madeleine Albright, Robert Rubin and Colin Powell from today's world are members. (There are two ways to become a member. For life or; secondly, five years of membership it requires 30 to 36 years of age and meeting the requirement of American citizenship.) 
George Kennan is responsible for the State Department's policy planning in the late 1940s, and was since long a member of the CFR. His presentation of classified document PPS23 to an selected group of people, February 1948 clearly defines what the "Grand Area Plan" means. In Noam Chomsky's book "The Chomsky Reader", we read the following statement by Kennan: 
"We have about 50 percent of the world's wealth, but only 6.3 percent of its population .... In this situation, we cannot fail to be the object of envy and resentment. Our real task in the coming period is to devise a pattern of relationships which will permit us to maintain this position of disparity .... We need not deceive ourselves that we can afford today the luxury of altruism and world-benefaction .... We should cease to talk about vague and ... unreal objectives such as human rights, the raising of the living standards, and democratization. The day is not far off when we are going to have to deal in straight power concepts. The less we are then hampered by idealistic slogans, the better." 
Today we all have access to this document's contents. Anyone who doesn't understand the accuracy of this document will not be able to understand how our world works. Such a person does not live in a real world. If you understand that this document represents the US policy in large, then it will be easy to see the connections in US politics after World War II. 
"Grand Area" according to the Plan, are the areas of the world that America's economy is directly depending on. The areas the United States needs to keep its control over. The hawks within the American government saw total control of the world as a possibility if given the opportunity? The general attitude of the administration, however, was that in addition to the American continent, it was important to take control of the areas that the British Empire was about to "leave". (This is by American scholars defined as anti-imperialism?) Middle East's vast energy resources and Africa's raw materials would be shipped to Europe, where Germany would become the hub, they had shown strength in the past, as well as Japan. They suited well in the plan, in the Marshall Plan which was another important area War-Peace Studies group had looked in to. To keep worldwide control, legal economic institutions were created. They'll be responsible for monitoring and serving as organizers; World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) was two important institutions, created inside the economical system "Bretton Woods"; Bretton Woods was negotiated under a UN Conference after WWII. The event took place in the resort of Bretton Woods, White Mountains, New Hampshire. 
So if everyone cooperated and produced for the American companies everything would just roll on. Maybe so well that in the end the hawks would be able to fulfill their dreams; the day the "Grand Area" includes the whole planet. George Kennan was not seen as hawkish but dovish? He was later fired from the State Department because of that reason. And there were more doves in American politics at this time. 
When Franklin D. Roosevelt decided that because of the world situation to set out for a third election in 1940, he gave Henry Wallace confidence as vice president. Wallace was Minister of Agriculture in Roosevelt's government and had solved many difficult problems related to the Great Depression. He introduced "food stamps" and school lunches for the population and grabbed the key issues in agriculture, including the preservation of agricultural land. As Vice President candidate he spoke out clearly against any form of racism and promoted a more equal distribution of resources. Although he was regarded as friendly to the scientific community his allies became more and more afraid of Wallace's ideas, and the risk was obvious that Wallace nomination would be rejected by them (the party bosses of the Democratic Party). So Roosevelt withdrew his nomination? He wrote in a letter to the Democratic Party as follows: (from the documentary series "The Untold History of the United States" Part 1, by Oliver Stone) 
"The Democratic Party has failed when it has fall into the control of those who think in terms of dollars rather instead of human values. ..." 
The nation's first lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, saved the situation by making a speech to the Democratic delegates at the convention. Something no Women in history have done before. The bosses then put back Wallace's name on the ballot. 
Wallace was a special man, he was fascinated by the Navaho Indians spiritualism and Buddhism appealed to him. Cocktail Meetings and nightlife was not in his interest. He played tennis and practiced boxing. Roosevelt soon gave Wallace highest responsibility for the national economy in the Board of "Economic Warfare", which gave him great power. 
Roosevelt had in the election promised to not send any American to the war though he did his best sending aid to England. After Germany's attack on Soviet Union in the autumn 1941 he tried to send weapons to the Communists, who had an extremely difficult situation. He was stopped by the American military who had influenced the Congress to reject Roosevelt's request. The American military wanted to strengthen their own army, and Senator Truman made a statement in the Senate in 1941 saying: (3) (from "The Untold History of the United States" Part 1, by Oliver Stone) "If we see that Germany is winning, we must help Russia. And if Russia is winning, we have to help Germany. In that way let them kill as many as possible." Roosevelt had no interest in such a policy, and after a lot of trouble he got Congressional approval for a "Lend, lease Act" in the delivery of military equipment to the Allies. Such contracts just to England and the Soviet Union ended at a value close to 43 billion U.S. dollars, Soviet Union's part was 11 billions. 
Roosevelt realized at an early stage that Churchill was a unifying force for the war, but that he would be divisive for a future peace. Churchill didn't even listen to Roosevelt when he said that "the colonial era was over with". 
"Hands of the British Empire is our maxim," declared Churchill clearly. 
Roosevelt also demanded the dismantling of Indochina by the French who didn't want to listen. As a consequence Churchill had a private meeting with Stalin trying to influence him on the issue. That Roosevelt had feared for long. 
At home, had a new sense arrived. Wallace was causing a split in the Democratic Party when he gave a speech in May 1942 in which he proclaimed the coming century to the century of the "Common Man". At the same time condemning the war and demanding an end to "economic imperialism." Roosevelt and Wallace were fully aware of the economic realities that prevailed with English and German aristocrats in the banking world, mixed with American oil barons. They ruled the United States and the world economies. Roosevelt's most quoted speech in which he refers to "we have nothing to fear except the fear itself" is a direct revealing of the most potent methods that the business world uses to paralyze people with - Propaganda. Roosevelt had tried to educate people in how to reveal false advertising and false news information during his first two presidential terms. He came into office because of Edward Bernays who had exploited the American people in business and politics the last ten years which ended in the crash 1929. When the Great Depression hit, 29 of October 1929. 
Bernays helped, among many other things, President Coolidge to get re-elected in 1924 and Herbert Hoover to become president in 1928. He also got our women to start smoking. His career took of when he participated in a group that accompanied Woodrow Wilson to Paris 1919. The basis of Edward Bernays work rested on using Sigmund Freud's technique i psychoanalysis and then implement the knowledge by Engineering of Consent - Propaganda. Bernays was approached by an inner circle in the business world after Roosevelt's landslide reelection in 1936 and Bernays got the opportunity again to show what a virtuoso he is. Under "National Association of Manufacturers" he manage to gather the forces required. All big manufacturers, bankers and business people became members in the organization. Bernays teach them how he wants the problem to be tackled. He get the responsibility 1939 for the  prestigious "World Expo" in the United States and he builds the whole theme on democracy together with entrepreneurship. Extremely skilled! Bernays greatest admirer was in fact Hitlers "Minister of Propaganda" Joseph Goebbels. 
Roosevelt and Wallace was well aware that the Economic Imperialism was the cause of the wars and misery all around the world. And then Wallace's makes a completely unnecessary mistake, the greatest blunder he ever made. He challenges the bankers before he had full power! He had the American people's support? 60% of the Democratic voters wanted him to remain as vice president in 1944s election. 
It came to a change and while he as vice-president went on missions abroad "Jimmy" Byrnes took over the offices that had previously been Wallace's responsibility. Byrnes, a cold-hearted Southerner who has been a decisive force when blocking a new legislation of an anti-lynching law, 1938. Byrnes was effective and among the most conservative forces in the Democratic Party he was seen as a possible candidate for presidency after Roosevelt. 
Wallace was removed from the responsibility of the economy and were now a kind of attaché in the New World to build future trust in USA's anti-imperialist politics. When Roosevelt announced for a fourth presidential election in 1944, he didn't give his clear support for Wallace, as his choice of vice-president. But American electorate was in no doubt who was their president and vice-president candidates. Roosevelt and Wallace! 
The history however, will again prefer to side with the bankers and big businesses. 
When the Democratic Party Convention began in 1944, Byrnes was directly blocked out by the union leaders. Byrnes was considered a strikebreaker which was true. It shocked the conservative faction of the party. Big business representatives managed to rally a new name, Harry Truman, a man with few enemies and limited capacity. He had failed in everything he had done in life. 
The first evening at the party convention Wallace has 65% of the votes, while Byrnes and Truman have 3 respectively 2%. The senator from Florida, Claude Pepper, realized that if he asked for a vote this evening Wallace would win. Before he reached the microphone the Conservative party bosses had called for the vote to adjourn until following day? A few participants gave it support while an overwhelming majority clearly said, "Nay." Then Samuel Jackson announced that the meeting was adjourned ??? Pepper wrote later in his memoirs that Samuel Jackson apologized the next day, explaining that he had received definite instructions of Robert Hannegan, Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, that no election would be undertaken first evening. Robert Hannegan, oil millionaire Edwin Pauley, Secretary of Finance (Treasurer Democratic National Committee), Bronx boss Ed Flynn, Chicago boss Ed Kelly and others had at the last moment thrown in Harry Truman. They worked over the party delegates during the night. And - Everything was turned upside down. Bribes as, positions in the administration, an ambassadorial post, or just cash payment made several changed their positions. The bosses phoned the delegates and announced that Roosevelt's favorite was Harry Truman, and so on. Robert Hannegan was the most active in influencing the delegates to withdraw their support for Wallace and instead put their vote for Truman. That they have had success is shown following evening when Truman's numbers ending at 1031 nominations and Wallace in 105? This night was the night when the Economic Imperialism retained its power in a second "Coup de'Etat". The first time the bankers seized power through what can only be defined as "Coup de'Etat"  was 1913 when the Federal Reserve Bank was created. That gave the bankers the legal power to total control over the economy in the richest country in the world. And the first night at the Convent they had been so close to loose to a dove. They all new that Roosevelt was dying. The beginning of the end had begun for the tens of millions of people who would be murdered in the name of the "Domino theory". The result at the Convent meant for the Council on Foreign Relations that the "War-Peace Studies Group's" work had highest priority at top level in the administration? 
What was it that made Roosevelt betray his comrade Henry Wallace when his support was most needed? The disease of course, but Roosevelt had stood up in the past when he had been seriously ill? Maybe he did put his hope to that the peace negotiating between the great powers could wrest the power out of the hands of the economic imperialists? His and Wallace's dream of a world free of colonialism and war could then come true. His limited health forced him to choose were to put his efforts; in the power struggle within the Democratic Party or in the World Politics? 
At the same time Churchill makes a deal with Stalin about the division of Europe behind Roosevelts back. Churchill's conviction of the British Empire comeback is however far from reality. 
At the Yalta Conference in February 1945, Roosevelt declare that he wants to see the world open up to American investments and trade - and that a United Nation is created for the preservation of world peace. "It's been a global war, we've already started making it a global peace," said a delighted Roosevelt. Roosevelt promised to support both England and the Soviet Union during the reconstruction. Twenty billion dollars is promised, eleven billion for the Soviets. Roosevelt returns to get the Congress for approval. Two months later he dies and Harry Truman takes over the leadership after only talking twice with Roosevelt? No one had told Truman that US was building a nuclear bomb? 
Truman embraces "Jimmy" Byrnes as his mentor and at that moment the "Grand Area Plan" was accepted from the Government as a whole. Bankers, manufacturers and business at top level had in general taken part of the 700 memoranda the "War-Peace Studies Group" presented. For them it was plain business. Roosevelt demanded at the Peace Conferences the world opened up for American interests, though. I believe that his visioning of the future was quite different from what was to become the reality under Truman's administration. Roosevelt was focused on the United States as deliverer of goods to the world which was not very strange since US was almost the only country in the world that had an industry that could deliver. At the same time Roosevelt was against colonies and he continually fought the Economic Imperialists. He had clearly seen what their policy had caused when looked into the rubble in the aftermaths of the great depression 1929 (and several wars before that). 16,000 local banks went bankrupt along with a huge amount of small business' that was bought for a few percent of its previous value. The buyers? The Economic Imperialist's, the bankers Warburg, JP Morgan, Rockefeller, among others. It couldn't be done without control over the Federal Reserve Bank. And it was done by not printing enough money so the societies could function. Warburg, Morgan and Rockefeller had taken out their investments from the financial market months before the 29th of October 1929?! They bought companies and banks for cents on the dollar and became immensely rich. That is the greatest robbery in United States history ever. Everything stopped and unemployment rose to 30 percent. {Everybody became apathetic instead of taking over the businesses and form collectives.} Suicides increased immensely. 
All the promises given by Roosevelt, any reason found was being used not to give the loans to the Russians. Now it was time to take over the British Empire under the guise of "anti-imperialism". Now was the hour for the Domino theory lackeys to enter the scene. They have a huge advantage thanks to the goodwill Wallace and Roosevelt politics had created the last years.  American history would continue with extreme violence against its own poor population. Supporting apartheid instead of ending it, as Roosevelt had promised. Immigrant populations being used into their "bone marrow". And never a hesitation to send the country's youth into unjust wars. "The Founding Fathers" had also all belonged to the richest one (1) percent in the society, and they were never affected by the violence as long as the economic order was held. 
The tone towards England got tougher and they had finally to except the new world policy; US the new Superpower will take over huge parts of the British Empire. The Soviets soon realized that they would never receive the help that Roosevelt had promised. In order to defend the United States policy Soviet was accused to not follow the agreements made in Tehran and Yalta.  When the American ambassador returns from Moscow he brings terrifying warnings to the American people; Soviet Union was running amok and soon Europe would probably be invaded by the barbaric Communists. 
Those who have handled the politics at top level has always been from the same social class. They have the same values, the same fear and total disgust about what they've seen in Russia when a new unknown class seized power. The execution of the Tzar family they identified with themselves, the aristocracy. No wonder they hated communists. The conservative class along with Wall Street was on the move again in politics and business after being restrained by Roosevelt as long as he ruled. An economic boom began that had never been experienced before. And 1948, four years later when Henry Wallace set out for presidential election he received less than three (3) percent of the votes. In only four years, the power represented by James Forrestal, Edward Stettinius, Dean Acheson, John McCloy, John Foster Dulles, Allen Dulles, Paul Nitze, Nelson Rockefeller, and GMs Charles Wilson had managed to pervert the sound reasoning of common people (Edward Bernays was in the background of the National Association of Manufacturers, where many big guys in the business world participated). General Motors CEO Charles Wilson clearly expressed that the United States was in need of a permanent war economy. Many had earned fortunes during the Roosevelt era, when extremely large companies were created under the "New Deal". Now those new companies saw enormous opportunities to grow a lot larger. 
Franklin D Roosevelt had during the war proclaimed the four freedoms that they fought for but he forgot, according to Noam Chomsky, to name the fifth freedom, the freedom to rob! In this new policy the fifth freedom became the most important, while the other four freedoms that people had fought against overwhelming forces, were neutralized or just used to facilitate the exercise of the fifth freedom in the Grand Area regions. 
England stroked out the popular movements in Greece without Stalin lifted a finger. US eliminated the popular movements in Italy, France and other allied countries to support the reinstatement of politicians with fascist background. The mafia was used extensively and one payment was, that the Corsican mafia could reopen what is known as "The French Connection". Heroin laboratories in Marseilles was a payment to the mafia for attacking strikers and protesting workers. The infiltration of the unions were largely done by American trade union bosses who proudly "helped" their country to crack down communists. 
When Europe was "secured" it was soon realized that France (where US failed to install their own favorite and was stuck with Charles de Gaulle) had problems with the control of the colonies in Southeast Asia. But the same basic rule applied there as in Latin America; which George Kennan expressed at an information meeting for several American ambassadors as "protection of our raw materials". Protection from who? He can only have meant the local population; the country's inhabitants who had the boldness to use the country's wealth for their own consumption? When such behavior is shown then the fifth freedom comes into force; You can just go in and take what you want and with the use of extreme violence. 
At home, academics, the media and the society's representatives work over the American citizens so they will be persuaded that American interests are threatened. (USA delivered 50% of the world's products soon after the war.) While it's those who own and control the American economy who want to use the US Army to protect their interests. Propaganda concerning democratic values blur the image so when the people through their elected president want to have their land back so they can grow food instead of export bananas they are considered as a deadly menace to US? 
The question for the "Grand Area" planners is how to protect "their" raw materials from being used by the indigenous population and the answer is of course, by supporting a government who stops such evil behavior. They definitely don't support a government who feel that they are responsible for the people's prosperity because that will soon lead to talks about democracy. Soon after the next of the three steps Kennan so clearly warned about in documents PPS23 above; "We should cease to talk about vague and ... unreal objectives such as human rights, the raising of the living standards, and democratization. The day is not far off when we are going to have to deal in straight power concepts. The less we are then hampered by idealistic slogans, the better." All talk about human rights, higher living standards, or democratization must be stopped as early as possible. It must be taken by the roots and always kept short. 
The risk was obvious that if a country managed to show a good example, it could be the signal for others to follow. That's what in US policy defines as "the Domino Theory"; if one country fell other countries would follow suit. To get the right "flavor" so the American people could swallow the concept the threat of "Communism" would be used. Propaganda depicted the enemy as a devilish hydra whose head crept up were you least expected it, the Devil was in the air. Scaremongering against the hated communism was so effective that the American people truly believed that the United States was militarily threatened by Guatemala, El Salvador or Nicaragua? We must also understand that the United States has in large being behind all dictators in Latin America since the 1940s until today. 
If you want to live in the real world you should understand what the Domino theory in American politics accounts for? Therefore continues a more detailed explanation below. 
Friend of order will naturally ask themselves if the Soviet didn't take part in the Cold War politics and if they didn't try to affect countries to embrace the communist idea? Today when we have access to the former Soviet archives we clearly see that much of the American Horror Propaganda against the Soviet Union was based on lies. Another fact that Oliver Stone takes up the documentary "The Untold History of the United States" Part 2 is that Stalin didn't have the same interest as Trotsky in International Communism. Stalin's statement on Poland's and its relation to communism he expressed as "communism fit Poland like a saddle fits a cow" says a lot. Stalin also saw clearly that communism had no overwhelming support in most countries, about 10 percent in general. So, Stalin followed the rigged "agreement" with Churchill. He let first the English "conquests" be made before he made his as had been negotiated. 
It gradually came to much unrest. Vietnam was attacked for the same reason that 15 years later East Timor would be. The reason; so they would not become a good example for other countries. Laos and Cambodia were "secretly" bombed back to the Stone Age of the same reason. At least 4-5 million dead, and with three times the amount of bomb power that were released during the entire Second World War was unleashed in this small region of the world. A clear example of what happens when the Hawks take over in a Superpower. Were an academic staff constantly are updated on the world situation, per minute. 
The thumb rule in the world of the "Domino theory" is that there must not exist any good examples of nations or states that can manage by itself. If a society were to distribute resources more equitable and become a good example - they must be stopped. The risk is obvious that it can affect the neighboring states? This mindset were devastating for East Timor when they became independent from Portugal in the 70's? All of a sudden they became an example for the entire region? They had a good life in a kind of a Big Man-society (as they always lived). They lived in long-houses and were farmers. No poverty at all. They were soon seen as a threat to the region by their good example. The United States certainly didn't want to lose control of Indonesia and East Timor was Indonesia's closest neighbor. The dictator Suharto was controlled by the United States and he delivered. Finally the good example of East Timor was removed in 1975. Indonesia had the honor to perform the slaughter. Don't forget that political recommendation like these comes from work of academics. So the decisions to exterminate large part of a whole population is just seen as rational and politically correct decision. A slaughtering of a peaceful tribal society. 25% of the population exterminated, 200.000 lives lost in East Timor. 
Is still the policy presented by George Kennan in the 40-ties on the agenda today - 50% of the world? Yes, why not? The Chinese is the problem nowadays. The American companies seems to be losing some control? But even if the methods has changed, the robberies are still the same. In Latin America US intrigues constantly and sometimes they manages to get a US-backed dictator in power. 
Council on Foreign Relations is an independent think tank registered in New York. An active family throughout the years has been the Rockefellers. There has always been powerful think tanks but the last decades the most powerful ones seems to have adopt the neoconservative idea. 
Council on Foreign Relations currently works for globalization, free trade, removal of financial regulations, among other things – for trans-national companies. CFR is for economic blocs such as NAFTA or the EU. 
Wikipedia says that the CFR is considered as the most influential think tank in the United States today. 
The prominent CFR lifetime members are featured on Wikipedia and it is frightening to see their names (and pictures). There are those who led the extermination of cultures worldwide for decades. Those "experts", members, still "spinning" new Grand Area Plans? Not a quiet moment - all the time saving the world? By killing millions, tens of millions! 
Daniel Ellsberg leaked large quantities of classified material to the media in the early 70-ties, material that revealed the Vietnam war policy. A policy built on the Domino theory. 
Oliver Stone with many others give their highest recognitions to Noam Chomsky and his conclusions about what have happened in American politics after World War II. Stone refers word by word to Chomsky in Part 7 of the documentary "The Untold History of the United States: 
"It's called a lost, a defeat, because they didn't achieve the maximal aim. The maximal aims being turning it {Vietnam} into something like Philippines, like in ... They did achieve the major aims; it was possible to destroy Vietnam and leave ... Elsewhere he wrote; South Vietnam had been virtually destroyed and the chances that Vietnam will ever be a model for anything have essentially disappeared." 
Today the Grand area Plan is upheld in different ways and the fifth freedom is used if the possibility arises; the freedom to rob is still the same. At the moment and since two years, secret negotiations on trade agreements between the United States and the European Union is going on. The public has no insight at all during in the discussions. The negotiations I talk about is the "Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership" (TTIP). Similar agreements are negotiated between the United States and twelve countries around the Pacific Ocean, Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP). (Japan, Australia, Peru, Malaysia, Vietnam, New Zealand, Chile, Singapore, Canada, Mexico, and Brunei.) A lot of the discussions is about how the old world (USA) can regain its control with copyrights and severely restricted Internet. It's about patent and copyright laws handing out long sentences for those who dare violate. The laws - is laws created by the old worlds cartels. GMO is being pushed very hard to gain control over the worlds food. The government in US has to a large extent a revolving door policy were the participants swing between job in the private sector and in governmental sectors. Decisions about deregulation and other policies, that are threats to peoples security, are often done by the same person that later implement them - when they are back in the private trans-national corporations. 
The second round of TTIP negotiations began 2014. When it's time for us (“the politicians”) to sign the agreement there will not be enough time for the public to form an opinion so protest movements can be formed. Finally the politicians will sign limitations on our democratic rights, living standards and human rights. 
Let Marshall McLuhan show us how power centers are created, transformed and degraded. Following is from his "Understanding Media": 
"Lack of homogeneity in speed of information movement creates diversity of patterns in organization. It is quite predictable, then, that any new mean of moving information will alter any power structure whatever. So long as the new means is everywhere available at the same time, there is a possibility that the structure may be changed without breakdown. ... If homogeneity of speeds were total, there would be no rebellion and no breakdown. With print, political unity via homogeneity became feasible for the first time. In ancient Rome, however, there was only the light paper manuscript to pierce the opacity, or to reduce the discontinuity, of the tribal villages; and when the paper supplies failed, the roads were vacated, as they were in our own age during gas-rationing. Thus the old city-state returned and feudalism replaced republicanism." 
Marshall McLuhan continues further down the page as follows: 
"Self-consciousness of the causes and limits of one's own culture seem to threaten the ego structure and is, therefore, avoided. Nietzsche said understanding stops action, and men of action seem to have an intuition of the fact in their shunning the dangers of comprehension. 
The point of the matter of speed-up by wheel, road, and paper is the extension of power in an ever more homogeneous and uniform space. Thus the real potential of the Roman technology was not realized until printing had given road and wheel a much greater speed than that of the Roman vortex. Yet the speed-up of the electronic age is as disrupting for literate, lineal, and Western man as the Roman paper routes were for tribal villagers. Our speed-up today is not a slow explosion outward from center to margins but an instant implosion and an interfusion of space and functions. Our specialist and fragmented civilization of center-margin structure is suddenly experiencing an instantaneous reassembling of all its mechanized bits into an organic whole. This is the new world of the global village." 
The United States is the only country in the world that is built entirely on the phonetic alphabet and Gutenberg printing technique. Because of that they have enormous difficulties to get into our new medium, Electricity. The change is intense and there is a great danger of a collapse (and it does here and there). If you fail to meet what McLuhan expresses as; "So long as the new means is everywhere available at the same time, there is a possibility that the structure may be changed without breakdown. ... If homogeneity of speeds were total, there would be no rebellion and no breakdown." 
So there is a possibility. Not to stay in power but to avoid collapse. Don't mess with the Internet and/or restrict its availability and the collapse will probably not manifest. 
# 

Dieter and I cycles out from the Catalan village an hour later. Using my kind of Spanish, which actually is Portuguese mixed with Spanish words. We had got hold of what we sought in food, coming to know the lady fruit dealer and the lady in the butcher's shop, plus a few older gentlemen who sat talking on a bench. They all seemed suspicious of strangers, maybe I'm wrong? It's 35 years since the heinous dictatorship disappeared, and normally that's not enough by long to offset the oppression they had been subjected to. Subconsciously it takes a hundred years before the grip on the culture loosens up. Not until the third generation the changes we make today will be considered as common knowledge. It is of course also important to remind all generations about what happened during repressions. We need constantly to be reminded of our history to not become like small uninformed children. When we get our history written by the winning powers it becomes of course even worse. 
Soon it's afternoon and by habit I start looking for a tent spot. Not many places here a few kilometer from the coast. Most land is fenced in with barbed wire and I am not used to ask for permission, so we cycle on. At the coast, it's perhaps easier? Dieter fifteen years younger takes the lead and disappear behind the hills. He wants to get as far as possible, which can become a mistake. Though Dieter is not a novice he has cycled all the way from Berlin, but always living in campings or close by so he could go in and take a shower, get some water, buy food or an ice cream. He had pitched his tent inside the area without paying, at least once? 
The dream that there is a better place further ahead, sometimes comes to the point that you have to cycle back to the first place. And after dark it is more of a desperate guess and luck to find a good place. But a place you will always find. Food takes an hour to be ready and it's more comfortable in daylight. Mosquitoes tend to be worst at dusk. Then it's nice to be done and be able to retreat behind the mosquito net if necessary. You'll get used to it after some time. 
Right now we have heavy rain clouds to worry about. Black but as usual it looks brighter towards the coast. As the few poor options disappear behinds us I'll try to keep the latest one or two in memory, and then we suddenly get a cold shower upon us, we have to find a shelter. There is a workshop a few hundred meters below by the hillside. When we get there, there is hardly no place to protect us from the rain. The workshop owner comes out and stares suspiciously at us. No smiles or other civilized response – but he doesn't put us out. The large workshop is empty and terrorist fences "secure" the area. 
Where are we? In border areas people are a bit weird, we are still not too far from France; but can it may be because of that? Yes probably. Catalonia has been under Spanish control the last 300 years. Today they have autonomy but want full freedom from Spain. They want their own country. They don't want to pay taxes to Spain any longer. 
Dieter wants to ride on towards the coast when the rain stops but I refuse. One reason is that the material in my bags couldn't take rain very well? So I decide to stop. The tent can take all rain. Could I just pitch the tent before it starts to rain then I have a 100 percent safe place. 
I had a vague memory of a place with some trees? I also remember that the ground was a bit messed up because of tractor tracks or something? But to be the first night in wildlife Spain with chances for more rain, it seemed ok. Some of our things is a bit wet after the cold rain and have to be dried. 
Dieter cycles to the village to find water after his tent is in place. The ground is i bit wet and I have just decided were to put up my tent when a police car appears at the small village road and makes a sudden stop. Three police officers gets out while the driver stays in the car. After some demonstratively powerful steps two of them stands just in my face wondering what I am doing? 
"I planned to sleep over here tonight, if it's allowed?" 
"It is not permitted to put up a tent in Spain without permission. Do you have permission? " 
"No, I have not." 
"Do you have a passport, identification?" 
"Yes, yes." I'm fumbling with the zipper in the bag when I as quickly as possible, tries to satisfy the requirement. Finally, I hand over my passport to the younger police. He gives it to the slightly older colleague who however seems to have a slightly lesser degree from what I read in their uniforms and their dealings. The older colleague goes out on the road and over to the car. 
"I ended up in the icy rain and my bags doesn't tolerate rain especially well so many of my things are wet?" 
"Well, it doesn't matter, you can not pitch your tent here." 
"Ok, I understand." I knew from experience long ago that the only way to win over a police officer is to play along in his game. Long time, I thought that you could win by challenging - and lost without exception. 
"Is it just you who was going to sleep over?" 
"No it's a man from Germany, he is a teacher. I myself am a teacher of mathematics. " 
"Where are you from." 
"I'm from Sweden." 
"Are you from Sweden?" I noticed that there was a change in tone. 
"I have a brother who lives and works in Sweden, in Stockholm," he continues. 
"Oh, what does he do?" 
"He an architect." 
We talk a bit about Sweden and Stockholm, where he had been visiting a couples of times. I mention nothing about that in Sweden anybody can pitch a tent for 24 hours without permission (All Mans Right Act). After a while, the other police comes back with my passport. I put it down in my bag and try to look friendly. Before the younger police officer returns to the car he says; 
"You and your friend can stay here for tonight, I'll inform the police station so my colleagues know you have been given permission." 
Over time, I understood that Spain is terrified of any tourism, not robotized. Anything that looks like anarchists, communists, hippies, Rasta will be treated hard and rejected outright if possible. Who makes such demands? Is it the politicians? No, I think not. Is it those who have invested in the country? I think that's what happened to Spain today. Lobbyists and representatives of invested capital has increased its power since the crisis hit. The threat of more investors disappearing from the country are strong signals setting up what the investors wants. My thoughts goes to my friends from the German, the anarchist group I met in France. They have the courage to stand up to these powerful forces - with all it's legal horror methods - against something that resembles very much of plutocracy. 
"The police have been here," I announce Dieter when he comes back with water. 
"So, what did they want?" 
"They wanted to put us out?" Dieter looks at me with surprise. 
"Ah, you're kidding?" 
"No, no, we were basically driven away when the boss discovered that I was from Sweden, and fortunately he had a brother living there. That made him human and he felt pity on us. He gave permission to stay for the night. " 
Dieter still looks skeptical and gives up a silent laughter. Wasn't there a bit of disrespect in that laughter? There seemed to be good go in the car mechanics teacher from Berlin. 
It's awkward at the bottom of the tent,the ground isn't plain and I feel uncomfortable though I have  a one centimeter mattress on the top and a 2.5 cm "inflatable" mattress at the bottom. It could have been be worse. 
We wake up early for breakfast, muesli from Aldi and yogurt from the super market in yesterday's little village. No rain during the night. About eight we are on our way to the coast, under a blue sky. An hour later we arrive to see the first billboards that houses and apartments were for sale. The window shutters are closed everywhere and almost not a single person in sight. Soon it dawns on us that we are passing ghost towns. Areas that are invaded by tourist hordes 3-4 months every year. At the same time the young population at the Costa Brava coast can't afford to buy a place of their own? Land speculation had impoverished them severely. Next day I want to reach Lloret de Mar. For a 39 year old back-flash? 
That same year, Pink Floyd came out with the album "Dark Side of the Moon" my Norwegian friend Iver came down to Malmoe and picked me up. We drove his Citroën 2CV "slipstreaming" behind the trucks in Germany so in just 70 hours, we reached Lloret de Mar. We didn't sleep at all. Iver nibbling Preludin to keep him from not dosing of. For a few months Ivers girlfriend worked as traveling guide for a Norwegian company. "Sun Reiser", if I remember correctly. We helped with various things. Quite a few Norwegians passed out during the "pig feasts celebrations", sleeping under the tables. So we had carry them into the buses. Young people, factory workers, who had come to the "paradise" where the liquor was almost free. It will be interesting to see if I could recognize Lloret after 38-39 years? The memory was not bad but would buildings and things exist still? 
The day is warm enough for a convenient cycling but in the afternoon the dark clouds are back so we shower quickly under the showers at the beach. The food going and the tents pitched a minute before it starts raining. We are in a flat sandy area that seems endless. Wherever we turn, it is the same half meter plants growing with yellow flowers. It is an area were the water from the hills leaks into the Mediterranean Sea, so if it starts to rain heavily then we might have a problem? My tent is secured with an extra plastic sheet underneath so the water shouldn't leak in. I had understood that the bottom was my tents weak point. A rip and water would get in that way rather than from the top? 
We wake up with the rain drumming against the tents next day. Yogurt and muesli we have plenty of, but in need of water? Half the day have passed when the rain stops so we decide to stay. There are no roads where we are, therefore, no cops. When we have  water then I have both lentils, and brown rice. Bread, salami and cheese, we have plenty. Diets takes the mission to go to the ghost town to find a tap. Buying water is out of the question. I've traveled five years and probably only bought around 100 bottles of water. In Asia and South America are most bottles collected and reused to pack other items in such as rice and beans. So the plastic packaging itself is not so bad. 
But the idea that water should not be free of charge for everyone is quite sick. The CEO of Nestle wants to make water a scarce commodity, and thus be able to take out, as he says, its true value? You would probably be prepared to kill for water? Is that it? I never buy anything from Nestle, if I haven't been scammed. I try to avoid products from multinational companies as Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Microsoft, etc. The smallest traders are most in need, and therefore takes best care of his customer. Many can't see the connection, but if you have been a small trader, you know what I am talking about. Bigger merchants also can't ignore the client's requirements but does. 
No raining during next night but it looks like we are going to get a wet day anyhow but we are still dry when we arrive to Lloret de Mar. Directly I recognize the house the Norwegian guides rented in the 70-ties. It passes in revue when we slide down the hill into Lloret. It's afternoon and the clouds hangs heavy. We dare not put up the tents yet, we have only one option - the beach? It doesn't look good at all. A police car turns into the road that follows the beach. The boardwalk has been rebuilt since the 70s to a wide promenade with ice cream parlor every seventy five meter with the beach a couple of meters below. 
"Ha, I have an idea, Dieter! Let us look for a café or a bar with Wifi. With a bit of luck I can maybe get us a place to stay? " 
And there is a warmshower.org member in Lloret de Mar. Skype connects me with them and I'll explain our precarious situation but they already have three people in their tiny apartment. Maybe one they could squeeze in but definitely not two. Shit! There are definitely advantages to travel alone sometimes. 
When Dieter an hour later starts to lean towards renting a room in a hotel, I'll regret my solidarity? But then it's too late to call back? Finally we decide to put up the tent on the beach and see what happens? It hasn't start raining but we have to wait until it gets dark. The bar  has chicken and fried potatoes on the menu. We wash it down with a beer and then a double espresso, the football on TV makes us relax a bit, until we see the weather forecast on the Internet. It's going to rain a lot for two days? But it was still dry? 
There isn't a lot of places were you can pitch a tent though. I catch the sight of the police officers first and stop Dieter in time. We have to cycle an extra round before we can go were we planned. The policemen standing and talking with some youngsters 150 meters away. They are not easy to spot despite their yellow jackets. The heart rate increases slightly, and it becomes difficult to concentrate when we cycle around without any aim but after ten minutes we are back. The first drop falls from the black sky. People speeds up their steps away from the beach. 
By the rocks behind a barely meter high wall in the southern end of the beach. The packing and the bicycles flies over the wall. Dieters tent flops up in a second, we put all luggage inside to keep it dry if the rain increase. It's dripping, the wind gets stronger, not good. And Dieters tent is too high. My tent is only 90 cm and shaped like a delta-wing and fits behind the wall. But if someone walks by they will see it anyhow. The wind comes from the sea. When my tent is up and my packing inside I'll start to build walls of sand around the tent to secure it against the wind. Dieter sees it and copy. An hour later the wind decreases and since the tents are waterproof, we start to feel at home. One minute after the last sand wall was completed the, rain start pouring down. Heavily – for more than an hour. People would not put out their nose in this weather at least not the police officers; and their cars can't get down to the path where we are located, behind the wall. "Fucking Shit! We made it! " 
It is quiet until about two o'clock at night. The rain stops and several drunk Russian youths shows up. Just as drunk as the Norwegians forty years earlier. The Russians had taken over Lloret de Mar and apparently having the same interest as the Norwegians? They don't mess with us. They know the limits unlike the Norwegians. Next morning the rain continuous. It's ok. The chances are greater that the police will stay in their cars or at the police station. "Give us one more day and let the weather improve so we can get out of here?" But all of a sudden our world changes and the nether-world takes over the scene! ... The police? Shit ...! 
Now we have to get out of the tent quickly so we don't stir up unnecessary aggression. Because they now need to tread in to "our" area they will easily become aggressive. But it's already too late. When I come out of my tent they have a grip at Dieters tent. But when they see me they stop and turns to me. I'll try with my Spanish-Portuguese to explain that we have no other place to go? The policewoman looks at me with hateful eyes and blurts out, "You have one minute to pack the tent." Dieter comes out and shows an aggressive appearance. 
"Hey, Dieter, don't challenge them. They can destroy our tents if they want. Pack your tent and try to protect your stuff from the rain. Ok." 
The Policewoman again takes a grip at the top of the tent and Dieter Dieters are about to react. 
"Ruigh Dieter, die Polizei sint ferrückt, nur the zelt pack, bitte nicht mehr ...?" 
"Ok, but she'll have to stop!" 
There seems to be good go in the teacher from Berlin? 
She stops suddenly and we hurry to get our stuff out of the tents, trying to find the right plastic bags to put them into. If we hesitate she start screaming again. The rain is pouring. Dieter muttering while the woman laughs mockingly. While I'm helping Dieter to put his sleeping bag in a plastic bag, she takes hold of the tent which is empty and surprised she hold the tent in one hand. Then she throws it away. It bounces a bit and stands up as before. Dieter intervenes and pulls down the tent after the sleeping bag is secured. Shortly thereafter I get my tent down. Not everything, but the most important things are rescued from the rain. The police have succeeded in their mission and the policeman explains in a "friendly" tone that it can be dangerous to lie below the rock wall that we did. Stones may collapse on you, he says grinning. 
"I think I know what has collapsed in this country. "Your Finances" I says mockingly in Spanish while scornfully laughing. 
The cops know that they are the losers even if we are the ones who have to move out. I turn to Dieter and says "Franco geht zum hause." 
We help each other to pack the bicycles so that as little as possible gets wet. A bit later we cycle down were we saw the cops last evening. There is a bank on the other side of the street and there is a rain cover over the entrance, to the ATM machine. It's late afternoon and it's Saturday, the bank is closed. Dieter suggests that we should look for a hotel. 
"Hotel, no, no I will not pay for hotels in this fucking place. No way! Are you hungry." 
"Yes, let's go and eat?" 
"No, no I'll cook a dinner for us here on the sidewalk. Can that be prohibited, or what? "Dieter says nothing. 
The police headquarter is just two blocks away, I still remembered the locality. About ten minutes later the first police car slowly glides past. They don't look happy? People who pass by stare in the asphalt. We are hungry so the lentil soup taste good and fills up well. So well that Dieter forget the hotels. You always find a place but where? Then I get an idea! After taking a look in the room were the ATM machine is located. 
"Dieter what do you say about this? We take your big green canvas, hang it up inside to cover the windows then we lock the door with one of my bamboo sticks I use for my luggage - and then we sleep in the ATM-room tonight?"I nod towards the room while Dieter stare in silence at me. 
"People would think that there is some kind of renovation going on. Your canvas is large enough to cover both the window and also the door. It's the same kind of canvas we use in Sweden as a screen during renovations. When you don't want people to see the mess inside? If we could find something to make a sign out of? If we were able to put up an arrow pointing toward the ATM on the street? That would be great." 
Dieter looks at me with a look as if he wonder if he have understood what I said and then suddenly he understands that it is so, what he originally thought? 
"You're crazy, it ends with that we have to sleep at the police station. Shall we break into the bank or what? " 
"No, no we are not breaking into the bank. Actually, we make the bank safer by our presence? But, maybe there's some kind of security system that sounds an alarm if the costumer hasn't left the room after half an hour or so?; if somebody gets a stroke or something. But if we lock the door with the bamboo stick then the system thinks that the door is open? The problem is to get the canvas in place. If you help me lifting the aluminum profiles at the roof then it can be made. It's no problem. 
"When I lived in Rio de Janeiro twenty years ago. You had to have your money in your pockets or hide them. I always hid my money at an exclusive restaurant's toilet; at the ceiling after lifting the aluminum profiles. It always worked." 
Dieter agreed that it was a great idea to hide money, but didn't agree that sleeping in the bank was as good idea. But gave me the impression that he would think about it. 
We went to our Wifi café and watched Barcelona beat Madrid 3-0. What a joy! We were actually in Barcelona country just 100 km from Barcelona city. The weather seemed to be fine tomorrow after a rainy night. Where there a way out of this "bug"? When I thought of sleeping in the bank, .... 
Dieter became more negative the closer we got to the restaurant where we have hid our bikes and luggage – under Dieters canvas. 
"Dieter what can really happen to us? The worst is if the police take us to the station and lock us up. They will not beat us up or so. They never beat up any of the Norwegian drunks forty years ago. We had a few who slept over at the police station but there was never any question of being beaten up or so? So, in the worst case we sleep over at the police station?" 
"They will for sure let us out next day. It's a mockery of the bank and they don't want any negative publicity about people sleeping over in their bank? Where else can we sleep, on the sidewalk ... or the beach? "Dieter did not look happy. Suddenly, he looked at me and says: 
"You know, they can't have a law against sleep on the beach? I mean would you go around checking people sunbathing if they take a nap or not? No. ... ha, ha. Nor is it forbidden to be on the beach at night, right? It is only prohibited to set up a tent. So we don't pitch a tent, ok. It's not raining any longer so ...? " 
"You mean we should sit in the wet sand all night? No, no. No way. We will freeze - the sand is cold and wet. But you are right you can close your eyes on the beach also at night." 
"I've got an idea. If it works then we skip the bank. But if it doesn't we'll take the bank ... but have you thought about that there are might be cameras in the bank? " 
"The bank will not do anything because they will be ridiculed. Cameras, I haven't thought of. Ok, the idea, what is it? " 
"Have you seen that the ice cream parlors are constructed so that they hang out over the beach? It is only the serving hatch which is in contact with the sidewalk. Underneath it must be dry, a perfect rain protection actually? Soft and dry sand? " 
"Ok, let's try that. We let the bikes and the packing stay just bring your sleeping bag." 
We slept a few hours in the stench of soft ice cream. Maybe the ice creame machine leaked or whatever but it was ok. In the morning Dieter has to take a dump and wondering what he should do? 
"Dig a hole in the sand some distance away. Some memory we should leave behind?" 
Behind the wall and some meters away he makes a big hole in the sand. 
It starts to light up so we take the bikes, still intact despite a new Russian party night at the highest level. They are like the Norwegians, they don't care about bikes. They want the liquor and pussy, they'll do anything for that in their state. 
The rain is gone and the sun warms our backs when we struggles up the first hill. There would come more hills before we reaches Barcelona - there our paths will separate. A few hours later a spoke brakes? I can replace it myself. When it happened I heard the crack and I felt on the rim. The rim was very hot? After that I stopped at regular intervals when going down hill so the rim could be cooled of and never broke a spoke again? 
The road is suddenly blocked by police, ambulances and a lot of people with yellow and green vests. There is a triathlon competition going on at the international level and we stop to watch. We have to walk with the bikes a few miles alongside the blocked off road we and eventually we come to beautiful elevation where we could see both the Mediterranean Sea and the contest. It's really hard mountain cycling. Though they don't have 30 kg of luggage and a steel-frame bicycle weighing 16 kilos, but on the other hand they keep a much higher pace, the distance is 180 km? 
After a few hours the riders disappears and it's again possible to ride on, but we have caught sight of a beautiful beach below. To get there we have to go down a lot of stairs. We leave the bikes and carry the packing and have to go twice. Police? No, no? They are busy at the triathlon competition. Perfect! Not a soul on the beach but we wait an hour or so before we put up the tents. No sign that it is a private beach but I have a feeling that there are some relation to the luxury hotel on the other side of the road. A walkway crossing over the road ended up where the stairs began? 
Suddenly a train comes out from a tunnel in the rocks. We hear the waves hitting the shore gently twenty meters away and after the food starts boiling in the pans we start to feel that we have found the best of places. Contrast is nutrition for a complete human life. Life without contrast is like a life without dreams. Without Lloret de Mar our experience this wonderful evening would somewhat be a bit lesser? Life in itself can however be contrasted enough without "police assistance". 
Dieter takes again up the problem he tries to leave behind. His wife and her lover that she wants to live with. He is also married and twenty years younger than her? 
"They've been fucking for two years," as Dieter puts it. 
He found out a year ago. Dieter and his wife has two children, a daughter at thirteen and a son of eight. The lover has two children. 
"The psychologist I have been going to after I found out about it, advised me that I should be tougher, more masculine. Women are attracted to men with higher testosterone levels which would improve by changing lifestyle, she said. " 
"Oh, I would change psychologist and while doing that maybe get a new wife too? If they doesn't appreciate a man who takes care of his family? The important thing is that you keep contact with your children. Where will they live if you divorce? " 
"They will be staying with her, she is good at planning and have flow in everyday life. She even managed to plan a lover in our schedule for a whole year with me suspecting nothing? She actually told me herself. You know she is a good mother, sports a lot and have a healthy lifestyle with food and stuff." 
"Yes, but then let her leave. I mean you can not live like this? Maybe you should let the lover move in?" 
"I could kill the bastard." 
"Don't lie to the kids and don't say any bad about their mother. Do not loose contact what ever happens. " 
"Yes, but I love her?!" 
"If you really do so then you should start looking to her happiness which at the moment is to live with her lover? If you really love her, then you will help her to move in with her lover. Get yourself a new wife, there are a few billion to choose from? There is a huge surplus of women. You have been on sick leave for a year, you say. If you can continue with that then you could go looking around the world. I know a girl who is around forty in Thailand, her greatest wish is to move to Germany. I can contact you with her, if you want? You are ten years older, it's perfect? " 
Dieter seem thoughtful while we pour lentil soup and dice the salami. German bread and Brie cheese is in stock. Another train honks past and the rocks are illuminated for a few seconds. 
"You know Dieter in the world you live, everything is business and of course it permeates your world. In that world, your wife has discovered that she can make a better "deal" with a twenty year younger man. Using yardsticks that she have been brainwashed to believe in, youth, beauty etc. But real life is not about that. Life is about love but not in your world because there is nothing to gain from love. You are told that love means "to do for your neighbor what you wants him to do for you." This is claimed to be the message of love in the Bible, though it is not. That is a commercial contract and nothing else. In the original text it says "You shall love your neighbor as yourself" and that is something entirely different . It means that you should love your neighbor no matter what ... and yourself. These simple truths do not fit into today's world of lonely selfish creatures who lives for the happiness to buy things. Therefore, the message of love has been rewritten. 
"I do not really understand, but it sounds quite right." 
"You as a teacher should put yourself into how society works because you influence your students unconsciously in several ways. Actually I don't go along with teachers very well." 
We make a small campfire and after a few hours we go to bed. I wake up just before the light breaks through and goes down to the beach to experience the first moments of the morning. After a while I have to shit, and I do as they do in India, put the shit on the beach, so the ocean can take it out. It floats away in the direction to the rocks and starts dissolving immediately. So we have done for thousands of years. Many luxury hotels still do? 
It's the last days of September and the water feels icy cold but after it's nice. When Dieter wakes up he goes directly from the sleeping bag into the Sea ... without a thought? Coffee, muesli and yogurt. Salami, Brie and fiber bread. Soon after we finished breakfast sun bathers appeared,and we suddenly realize that we are on a nudist beach? We toil the packing up the stairs. The bikes are still there under Dieters canvas. 
A new blue sky during the day makes it very hot. In the afternoon we share a two-liter pack walnut ice cream from Aldi. When I returned from the shop with the ice cream Dieter is talking to a black guy. He hope to get a penny from a customer? It doesn't happen very often. We are not in France any longer. Here nobody seemed to give anything. Not complaining on the Spaniards only because most people who shop at Aldi and Lidl seemed to be foreigners living in Spain. Those few who begged had a low profile - like scared dogs? 
"A really nice guy I talked to. He told me a little about his life and I'll tell you, I've decided that from now on I will always give a coin to those who ask. After this week, I have begun to understand how these people have it. And the police who hunts them all the time? They don't have money and there is no money for them to make because they can't find a job. I promise that from now on I will always give. " 
He looks determined and a bit desperate. What we had experienced together in Spain had given us both a sense of how the homeless and the poor have it. Always hunted, always looked down on. 
We've talked about staying a few days in Barcelona and do something together. The problem is that I can't pay between 17 and 25 euros per night for a tent site and Dieter don't want to sleep in a park? Then he gives me the proposition that if he helped me with 10 euro a day, I could pay 7 euro. For me it is a nice gesture and then Dieter says; "You know I have saved a lot of money on free camping with you. During those two rainy days in Lloret, I would probably payed a hotel and it would cost 100 euros for two nights. And the other five or six days, I had probably would have paid for some camping site too. " 
"Ok, let's do that - and Thank you." 
The next morning after breakfast when the bikes are packed we just had to glide the final twenty kilometers to Barcelona under a blue sky. But when we stop for a drink Dieter says that he has a another proposal for how to resolve the overnight stay in Barcelona. 
"I thought that if I check in at the camping as normal, then you could sneak in the back door and just put up your tent? I'll help you, of course. You don't need to be afraid. I have done it myself before. I know how it works." 
It can't be true what I hear? 
"You know I've done it several times and stayed for a few days without anything happened? It's all right, you'll see", he ends with a fatherly smile? 
What a fucking shit! In this kind of nether-worlds I always get tongue-tied and can't say anything at all. My disappointment is as if I went into a black hole. We cycles on. Still after some kilometers it won't release. Dieter squirms and wonder what's wrong? Finally, he stops and says he wants to talk ... I just keep on cycling .... 
In a park in Barcelona I sit down on a park bench having lunch when a young girl in her thirties shows up and asks if I want to buy sex? 
I look out into the street to maybe see Dieter's passing by? It was a good week we had but the end was kind of sad. 
I follow the harbor and looks up at the La Rambla, Barcelona's famous avenue that I stayed at a few nights forty years ago, related to the Lloret de Mar adventure. I don't feel for mingling with tourist robots so I keep on cycling along the harbor. I'll get lost in among a lot of railway tracks and I don't have a map of Barcelona, or Spain? In my computer I have, in case of emergency? But it's better to ask people. On the way out from the tracks I ask some workers about the way and they wonder if I'm from Portugal? It soon turns out that one of them is from Brazil? It's always awesome to meet Brazilians because my strong connection to them and because of the language and their culture. 
It was hard to find a way out of Lyon, but this is of course even worse. I slowly find my way but ultimately it stops at some bridges connected to several highways on the outskirts of the metropolis. It seems like I will have to cycle back many kilometers, and give it a new try? Like a computer game; the play field stops right here? But I am wrong; an older man comes cycling on the bridge and he takes me down under the bridges avoiding all highways so finally I end up by a dry riverbed a couple of kilometer away. Here I'll stay for the night. No police cars can get here, it's safe. Robbed? That is not the problem - the problem is the police; it's a strange world we live in today. In the real world. 
It's always the young ones that have performed stupid crimes. But now has the Internet created a generation with so much higher empathy than previous generations and with high empathy thoughts of robbery disappears. But sometimes politicians and social authorities do create conditions, often by social economic greed and unconsciously, so empathy disappears and is replaced by hate. 
1991, 40 percent of Malmoe's (300.000 inhabitants) children lived below the Swedish poverty line. This policy was consciously implemented by the politicians when they put the target for the standard of living for the immigrant groups so much lower than the general Swedish' standard of living.  And it is not so difficult to realize that the children living under the Swedish poverty line was children with foreign origin. They are normally born in Sweden and are Swedish citizens – Swedish children. 
Ten years later Malmoe is hit by an incredible high rate of robbery crime between youths, more than 1.000 per year. Copenhagen the nearest city which has more than one million citizens had during this time about 300 similar cases. Psychologists studied the reasons behind and concluded that it was not about money, cell phones, designer clothes or other prey. It wasn't the main reason for the robberies. The reason was that the robbers wanted to show their disgust and express their contempt for those who lived a completely different life. In the same city, as them the outcast families. They had felt looked down on for a long time during their childhood. And now it came to expression in "I can do whatever I want to you." 
Frustration expressed in power. Inequality creates such reactions sooner or later. How do you calculate the costs of the trauma they create? Friend of Order wants to hire more police officers because he understands nothing. It is not about cops, it is about equality. 
In the morning an old shepherd pass by with his sheep. And the day pass as the day before – with the shutters pulled down. Everything seems to be investment objects, entire parts of a country? It must be depressing and frustrating to live here? Even when the "Disneyland" is on? It's probably impossible to transform the buildings so they will become nice for families to live in? For that is what must be done when the economy collapses. When EU collapses. When US collapses. When unemployment is soaring 60 per cent among the young and 30-40 per cent in general. When the game is over in all countries. Will all pieces; all houses and hotels and the streets be re-collected and put down in the box again? That's what we do in Monopoly? And then we start all over again? 
That's not what the Internet generation have interest in? Their interest is not in owning things, they have no sense of greed and their alliance is with the Tribe. So they can't even do it. Questioning everything? Talk to them and you'll understand? Their empathy is huge and their "Tribe" is their Solution. And their Tribe is the Global Village were everybody is aware of equal value and shared resources needed; "So long as the new means is everywhere available at the same time, there is a possibility that the structure may be changed without breakdown." Empathy, Equality and Internet. 
Before the "free market economy" hit Sweden the only way to rent an apartment was through the local community. The rules said more or less that if you were a a family with two children - 4 room apartment. Single person - two rooms. Apartments were not allowed to be rented out by those who owned the property, there was an institution that took care of that. Compared to today when families living in a two bedroom apartment and a single person in huge apartments, I'll prefer the former solution. It had some drawbacks but the biggest advantage was that all kind of people lived in the same staircase. Workers, officers and director's were neighbors and not so afraid of each other as today. And there were no homeless people? 
I continue along the Mediterranean ghost cities. Taking evening shower under the supervision of small groups of seniors who scraped together pennies to buy a low-cost off-season trip. Sometimes we talk and they are kind and nice all the time, often as children. Poor people. They feel something is gone wrong, and are afraid. They hold desperately on to their pension. Blinded, not aware of financial psychopaths destroying the world with the help of their pension savings. Most people don't know? They have worked and done their part, working, throughout life. 
Jürgen from Stuttgart joins up with me a week. I show him the showers on the beach where he can take a wash. He haven't had a shower - in six days? He has constipation? Haven't shit for six days? He buys what he need in the pharmacy and get the problem solved - at a toilet. 
My birthday we spend seventy-five meters from a highway toll hidden in the bushes? This evening, we were in trouble after cycled past a couple of very good places in the afternoon. Forests and fields in Spain is fenced off with barbed wire and posted signs telling that it is prohibited to enter private land, with a warning about hunting. Of course, you have been warned so now they can shoot at anything that moves? The roads feels insecure and the trucks take no consideration. It seems to be a world with very little respect for life? It's close a few times. At the worst place (Valencia - Alicante) I cycle on the wrong side of the road which of course created a new traffic behaviour. All of the sudden every second or third car startes to flash with the light or honk (sometimes like crazy)? But I am saved! 
In a world of contrasts one quite late evening I'll find a wonderful old olive plantation together with pine trees. I stay "hidden" for two days, dreaming on a thick layer of pine straw. Reading Marshall McLuhan. A lot of times I'll find great places to stay also at the beach. The trick is to know were there hardly will come a police. 
On a few occasions I meet young people in their 30-ties. They are shocked by the dream that crashed when the economy went to hell. They are now watching how the system sell out the workers' lifetime savings for a pittance. Spain has reached the goal in which the one (1) percent buys assets for 50 cent on the euro? It is not a conspiracy, it just works like that. When the system reaches that point it's always the same thing; the poor gets poorer and the rich gets richer. 
It is easy to get lost in Spain's road network even if it is not that big? Everything is built for the car even though they have had to ensure that tractors can get to the fields. So they built so-called "Via de Serviços" that parallels the highway. These roads are of much poorer quality and are often hopelessly bad for a bike with luggage (the dirt roads in Laos is a bit better). N340, the national road which I mainly follow, but sometimes I'll get lost. I can't find the continuation of the road? So occasionally I take a chance riding on the highway and it works well. The ditch is wide enough for a big truck. Safer than N340, except at the exits of course. 
I hear sirens behind me? A police car slides up by my side and push me out into the gravel - I'll stop immediately. Now is the time to keep it cool. Another police car rolls up behind me, 10 inches from the bike? 
"What are you doing here? You are on a highway? It is absolutely forbidden for bicycles to be here! Are you aware of that?!" His face is uncomfortably close to mine but I can't back off holding the bike. 
"Yes, yes, but I was trying to find the way to Puerto de Mazarrón but lost my way. And when I saw a sign with the name of Mazarrón and I followed it." 
"Have you got a passport?" He backs off half a meter. 
"Yeah ...", I had already the passport in my hand and a hope that Sweden once again would save me? 
A police officer takes the passport and walks over to the car while the other three are staring at me and the bike. No one says anything. After a while, I get the passport back. 
"This time we will not give you a fine. A fines is at 1.000 euros. And next time you will have to pay, we have recorded that. Now you get out of the highway area! You and the bicycle move down there? Now, immediately! Go!" 
"I do not understand? Why can't I just walk 300 meter to the exit, it is only 300 meters away? I will not ride on this road anymore. " 
"You have 30 seconds to come down from the highway, then you get the bike and your luggage over the fence, how is your problem. But we don't want you up on the road again, understood! If we see you on the road, you'll get a fine, and driven down to the police station, understood? Thirty seconds ... " 
Where they want me to put the luggage and the bike is a three, four meter deep ditch, where there is a good two meter high fence of wire. While I'm putting down the bike one of the policemen pushes my backpack so it comes crumbling down after me. Then they go to their cars and drives off. 
Franco is really alive. Spain is still influenced a lot by those years when Franco put up the agenda in the country. Guardia Civil to be the crown of his work. What to do now? After a while I'll go up and take a look over the edge of the highway, they are gone. They are on the way to some other bastard mission. At that moment I remember that I have a small Japanese wire cutter which I invested a little extra in when I bought it in Malaysia a year earlier. High quality that now becomes handy. The fence opens up and folds down nicely over the thorny plants on the other side. Great! I'm out. Would like to see the faces of the assholes now! (The wire cutter I had use for later but in the end it "disappeared" in an airport? In the security system?) 
In Andalusia, I am in a stunning landscape. One of Europe's driest areas. Hot and many steep hills to cross. Here they recorded the Spanish western films in the 60s and 70s. Andalusia is a mystified place in many hearts. Lot of suffering through history. 
Two days after my meeting with the police, I'll arrive to Aqua Amarga, a site for them with a lot of money. Crystal clear turquoise water. Houses behind high walls and a huge beach with a couple of restaurants. Large sign saying - "Camping Prohibited on the Beach". My eyes catch sight of some caves 25 meters up a rock and when I'll get up it looks very clean. No toilet paper, poo, plastic or anything? Only white soft sand, like coral sand? 
A dog manages to steal one of my salami sausages at the parking lot when I prepare my supper. A retired couple from Germany in one of the large camping vehicles promises to keep an eye on my bike and my food is put inside the caravan. I bring my sleeping bag, music and some candles up to the caves. An incredible sunrises greets me the next morning. Phantasmagoria. 
The evening after comes the contrast, 10 km before Almeria where I have planned to take the ferry to Morocco. Two weeks earlier huge floods had occurred after the worst rain storm in the region's history. Eleven people died in the floods. All along the roads and beaches are still huge piles of rubble as evidence of the disaster. If I stay on the right side of such pile I would be well hidden from the police? The pile is 10 meter long, 2.5 meter tall and 3-4 meter wide. 
The police sees me when I come in to the village? They drive slowly along the beach and I take the same route. If I pitched the tent on the side of the sea, I wouldn't be seen from the road. Quickly I carry my things the forty meter over the sand. While cooking the food and I'll try to keep a low profile not to be visible from the road. It seems quiet though - but it will soon change. 
It becomes windy all of a sudden - a wind coming from the sea. When I've finished eating the wind is so sharp that I understand it will be madness to put up the tent on the sea-side of the pile. It soon becomes a storm? Who occurred in less than an hour. I change my plan and instead use the pile as a storm shelter. On the beach side of the pile it is ok and the police will probably stay at the station. All of a sudden a man shows up on the beach? Struggling through the storm. He is out on some kind of training. With ski poles? I run down to him. He's in his 30-ties, really fit. 
"I've plan to up my tent on the other side of that pile, do you think it's ok. I mean, will the water from the sea reach up to the tent in a storm? " 
"The water will not reach up there. It have never happened. The water will not rise more than one meter, top. You have chosen the perfect place because the wind is going to come from the sea all the time. You see, out there on the peninsula where the church tower's sticking up?" He points to some land 10-15 km away. 
"The hurricane is stuck on the cape out there. But it's cool. It's going nowhere until it lost all its power. Therefore, the wind will be coming from the same direction all the time. You get a quiet night on the side you are. Apart from the howling wind, of course, the rain will start - in about an hour or so. Ok?" 
"Ok! Thank you very much. I was really lucky that you came by ... " 
He laughs and takes up the fight with the wind. He loves Nature. I'll put up the tent and secure the luggage. Before I crawl in I pray a silent prayer. What luck, now I at least know that the water will stay put! There is no forest or any other cover at all, just sand dunes - after an hour it starts to rain. 
The next day I take the boat from Almeria to Morocco after first smoking a joint with a mulatto-girl on the avenue. She was rolling when I came by. Internet generation, 22 years old. We had a conversation about anarchism. 
# 

(1) Living Utopia. Documentary as torrent or at YouTube 
(2) World without Cancer, book by G Edward Griffin. 
(3) ”The Untold History of the United States” av Oliver Stone. 
(4) Noam.Chomsky.Manufacturing.Consent.DvDRip.REPACK.XviD.-c0H on YouTube. 
(5) The Extended Mind, book by Robert K Logan. Professor in physics at Toronto University. 
(6) The Darwin Economy, book by Robert H Frank, Professor of Economics. 

CHAPTER 3 MOROCCO and SIDI IFNI. 

I arrive late to Melilla, the Spanish protectorate town. It's a Spanish city – with Spanish hotel prices. I have to find an overnight solution and I will make a mistake. 
The cars are of the ferry long before I have sorted out the luggage on the lower deck. Finally I'm off, in a free port area. Looking around while I slowly walk the cycle in semi-darkness. No traffic, no people, everything seem dead. Always an eye for a place. Even sitting in a car or on a train my subconsciousness register possible places to pitch a tent? 
When I round the corner of a building I catch sight of a bunch of customs officers controlling cars. Oh! I'll turn left immediately. No one sees me? Into a nook that leads to the top of a ramp a few floors higher up. It turns out to be the entrance to the ferry. No ferry. I have full control over the custom officers, I can see them down below. I look into a darkened departure hall, the doors are locked. Removes a strap hanging as a sort of “stop here” signal. A few plastic chairs bolted to the floor. Perfect, hard floor but shelter and great place to cook food. 
Then cowardice thinking starts ... (Why?) What if ... thoughts? Perhaps there is a better place? Liar? When such thoughts takes over you give in. Cowardly, I'll go down and passengers the exit gate. They look a bit - where did he come from? 
Streets, parking lots, lights - an enlightened departure hall. I'll go in with the bike, no one care. Fills up water. Nowhere to cook only in the street. I'll find a side door leading to a staircase where I put the bike and myself on a ledge between the first and second floor. I was told that the departure hall close at night. I desperately hope that no one will check the staircase which seems to lead up to some offices, which are closed. But at closing time the guard does his routine round and ask me kindly to move out into the street. There are no benches, only asphalt. It is half past one. A Moroccan who looks like a family man on his way home from some foreign job comes and talk. He has been to Spain trying to find work but not been able and is now on his way back to Morocco. 
“It's hard to find jobs in Spain nowadays”, he says. He has a huge bag with goods he brought. Maybe he plan to sell it, maybe it's gifts? I don't ask. We agree to sleep outside the police station, in the parking lot, under a roof. 
There is already a man and a woman with a small child, 2-3 years old. They smile friendly when we greet. I take out an orange from my trunk and gives it to the man, pointing to the girl. He nod to me as a thanks and gives the orange to the mother who starts to peel. The man explains that they are heading back to Morocco after visiting relatives in southern Spain. They do not want to pay 30-40 euros for a hotel so they stay here for some hours and take the bus home early in the morning. The family has the best place between two huge columns. I cook rice, lentils, potatoes, onions, and garlic and share with my first found friend, Hamiz. In the morning, before the sun is up the cops start pushing us out. They are not aggressive but firm. The night shift is over and they start up their Toyota SUV - expensive cars. A couple of private motorcycles being warmed up before they take the Toyota and drive home. To a big house I suppose? The system has realized if you give the police private "wealth" to defend they also has something to fight for. Poor cops chooses the poor peoples side. Rich cops choose to defend their wealth together with the Wealthier? 
I have since some week back given up my plan to cycle to the south of Morocco Sidi Ifni. In Spain with its mountains I lost twelve kilos, I'm now down to 68-69 kg, which was my weight during adolescence? Mentally I feel low after always having to keep an eye after the police and hide from people so they didn't call the police. And the fatal traffic. Physically, I am perhaps stronger than ever, but there isn't much fat left. A couple of stomach problems, and it can become too much. 
In the morning when I cycle out from Melilla, I feel that my decision is right. The traffic takes no consideration to cyclists. The road to Nador is worn down and has huge holes. Some cyclists greet smilingly when I pass them. They are loaded with various things on the way to the market? The first cycle is used as a knife and scissor sharpener. We had them in Sweden when I was a child. They push their single-geared bicycles up the slopes. Children on the way to school who sees me show first surprise, then suspicion and finally curiosity – in a few seconds. The boys waving, the girls looking. The first time I came to Morocco, 1971, you saw no school uniforms but five years later everybody went to school, or was it just the boys? They were extremely proud and presented themselves as students wherever you came in contact. 
In Nador, there is a train connection as I had hoped for. But it turns out that bicycles may not be taken on board not even as paid cargo? A friendly station guard, slightly over twenty, has just finished his night-service offering the help to accompany me to a transport company. 200 dirham, sound a bit too much and after some discussion the price is lowered to 150. The morning train has passed and the next train doesn't leave until the evening. I have a whole day to kill. 
Slowly, I pack the bike that will be sent of with a van later. I have nothing to do, so I just hang around. Soon, the colleagues of the man that I bargained with arrives, and I understand that it was not okay to drop the price. But to me they are all ok. My bargain friend takes me to the bank to exchange my American Express travelers checks. From one bank to the other before it dawns on me that there is no bank in Nador who change travel cheques? Luckily, I have some dollars and euros in cash to pay for both the bicycle and my train ticket. It worries me badly, my hope is that they can change in Marrakesh? "Of course, they can change in Marrakesh - stop worrying," I tell myself. 
The transportation guys gives me lunch. Food cooked in a kind of ceramic pot? They are all friends from the boxing world? Strong guys! 
I arrive several hours to early to a surprisingly modern train station. It doesn't take long to get in touch with the station guards. They tell me about their lives. They are young, in their twenties, and the future does not look too bright, despite having a job. 
"Our salary is not big enough for us to get married on. We have girlfriends but must hide. Especially for our girlfriend's parents. We just want to get married? If they find out that we have sexual relation with the girl, she will be rejected and looked down on for the rest of her life. So we do not have a good life. The Revolution has not made it better for us. We need a new "Real" revolution. We will be out on the streets again soon. You will see." 
Friendly, calm, well-behaved guys who earns 150 US dollar a month while the business owner takes hundred thousand dollars annually. Living in a big houses with a couple of wifes. They know that it is the bribes that decides the power in Morocco. They demonstrates a hateful attitude to authorities and seems to have a strong solidarity to the group. They're talking about a strike but at the same time they say that they will lose most on it themselves. It's not time yet. ... 
"Soon a huge change will come to the world. But it may take ten years or so," I try to comfort them with. 
"We don't have ten years. We don't want to be old men when we are having our children, as our fathers were. In a few years we will take to the streets again, you'll see. " 
"I believe you. It is only you who can change the world for the better, and you will, for sure." 
Their English is not great but they know many of the important words, and I fill in the rest. Two of them don't know any English, they are slightly older. But everybody have mobiles they browse. I am given an email address before I got on the train but when I try to connect it doesn't work? 
1971 I went with Marrakesh Express from Marrakesh to Tangier. Worn out wagons and coaches in yellow-painted wood. Inside, a bit better. Times has changed in terrible king Hassan country. An ardent oppressor who almost became victim of an assassination attempt in 1971, but he survived. His son, the new king ... is said to have a different profile. Morocco was supported and governed by France. The relation consist. Other close friends to the Moroccan king is king Feisal of Saudi Arabia  Israel and US? 
USA's strongest card in the region have long been Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Israel. Since the "Arab Spring" Morocco has become more important. Egypt is lost temporarily? The King of Morocco lost his political power after the uprisings in Morocco but he can still demand new election, thus being able to stop the proposals his backers don't want to see pushed through. 
Marrakesh gives me the same negative feeling as before. Bank officials shaking their heads when asking if they exchange travelers checks? I'll get get is a strained smile and a reference to the next bank down the street. The same negative result. It looks bad, I might end up at the Swedish consulate? I have only a few ten-dollar bills left and Sidi Ifni is just a small town. It must be arranged in Marrakesh before dark. But it's only morning, and hot. 
I keep the anger under control, with a smile, when I talk to one negative person after another. Marrakesh reminds me of the climate in Gorakhphur in North India. Extremely hot in summer and freezing cold in winter. It is obvious that the climate affects people to turn inwardly and to reject what bothers out there. Cold or heat affects us fundamentally. The Swedes they are more easy to come in contact with during summertime when the climate softens them up. Extreme cold or heat creates extreme people. 
Finally I understand that there are no banks in Marrakesh or in Morocco that accepts traveler cheques. How can you say no to money? Nobody do, so the decision must have been taken because of competitive reasons. All VISA and MasterCard transactions pass through JP Morgan or Rockefeller banks. American Express doesn't. American Express want to sell travelers checks to the world! I believe that there has been some lobbying to cut out travel cheques from the market. They want all the world's purchases passing through their bank. Robots charging 5-6 percent in fees when we take out our own money in another country on their plastic card. Wow! An ordinary electric cable and some electronics - 5-6 percent? 
American Express is usually free, but you normally pay a fee on 2 percent. Often, the exchange rate is better for travelers cheques than for cash. There is no need to rob someone on travelers checks because they can't be used, only by the owner. 100% safe for the owner. 
Robbery and kidnapping of persons with ATM card happens daily in a lot of places. You just wait while people are taking out money from the ATM machine in the street. On the next corner you take care of the money,the card and the person. And then you keep the person locked up until the bank account is depleted. Such a thing has never, ever happened with travelers checks. Are we just stupid - or lazy to find out about how things work? 
I get one last advice - "the restaurant Tazi in the central Medina. They changed travelers checks" - and it is true! Five hundred US dollar, but I should of course have changed more? I'm going to stay six months? It is 500 km to Sidi Ifni from Marrakesh? Shit! I ponder on it on the way to Agadir. Shit! 
In Agadir the last bus has left for Sidi Ifni two hours ago. I have to chose a taxis or hotel? When I ask the bus drivers, they say that the taxi to Sidi Ifni costs 50 dirham, and even though it was not that long ago I was in France I connect slowly when the taxi guy says 55 dirham. I go on and about for a while until I realize that it is 5 dirham we discussing? We must wait until the taxi is full. When I realize a woman with a small baby paid for two seats, I offer myself to do the same to get going. Two students in their twenties tells me that they study in Agadir but are now on the way home to the family over the weekend. Three hours later, we are done with the 200 km in the fast Mercedes. The driver takes the wrong way to the camp site and want extra pay. I refuse. 
Ibrahim receives me at the camp. He is in his fifties, looks tired and worn out? Working night as guard at the camp. I put up the tent tied to big stones. After I familiarize with the surroundings. The sea is roaring thirty meter away and huge waves rolls into the beach. There is Wifi and I bring the computer to write an email to Robin. Wonder how he is? It had been two months since we last had contact. 
A middle-aged Spanish couple offer me a joint. They have driven motorcycle from Caldas de Reis near Santiago de Compostela. Mostly tobacco but function quite well once the nicotine intoxication is gone. I hate tobacco and know very well how hard it is to quit from that. I tried for 33 years? In the end, snuff helped me. Giving up the snuff later on was not so hard. 
Tobacco companies blend in a chemical that increases the size of the nicotine molecule. Meaning the lungs can absorb more nicotine and that means you get an overload or 'kick' of nicotine and of course become more addicted. Could it be worse? The real question is how can such things be allowed? And the answer seems to be that all the seasoning is proprietary and may not be disclosed. Coca Cola's recipe is not known by outsiders. We can check what chemicals the product contains and cigarettes contains several substances that is not even allowed to use in our industry? The politicians do not have the courage to stop production. Historically we have been made to believe that the tobacco companies want to help us quit smoking? Are we stupid or? 
When you mix hashish with cigarette tobacco the same effect is achieved, the lungs absorb more hashish because the added chemical in the tobacco also increases the hashish molecule. Imagine if we could find something similar for alcohol? Alcoholic after two drinks? 
Ibrahim becomes my "man" the first week. It feels good to relax in the evenings. It's "Sputnik". Best quality from the growers in the Riff mountains. The graduation is Sputnik, Zero and Zero Zero. Zero and Zero-Zero meaning the size of the holes in the canvas the hashish particles is filtered through. 90, 120 and 150 micron-sized holes. 
A few days later I get invited to the home of Ibrahim and following day to Mohamed, the other night guard at the campsite. It is the Muslim New Year and the price of the "Mutton" is high this years. 
"Still, everybody in Sidi Ifni have Mutton on their table", says Ibrahim. "Those who can't afford buying is given by those who live nearby. Sometimes they have more meat than a family who slaughtered an animal? They are many who gives." A Muslim eats "Mutton" to the New Year, and a Muslim looks after his fellow man. 
I have lost all papers, certificates and telephone number of the company I left my bike with? Without the Internet the bike would have been lost but I find it and takes the bus to Agadir to retrieve it. The first time I was in Agadir was 1976 when it was a small, barely a city after the earthquake that struck some years earlier. The bike is put at the roof on the bus after retrieving it. I have to pay the same price for the bicycle as for myself, way too much. I would rather have cycled! 
After two hours, when two thirds of the trip is done a fight starts inside the bus? The bus collector, a young guy is attacked by two black guys a couple of years older. The women in the bus acts directly and throw themselves between the antagonists. The womens action stop the fight. I don't understand anything, trying to read faces, tones and other signals to find out about what actually happened. The atmosphere is upset but calms down. People talk about what happened and why it happened. Then all of a sudden the collector walks down the bus and says something to the black guys. I turn around just to see the hits handed out by the black guys. The collector guy had probably calculated on backing from the crowd. But again the women stops the fight. I think of my front teeth that can't take one hit? 
Negative attention is directed to the collector guy. He disappears out from the bus, after a few seconds he comes rushing through the doors with a large stick. The women again throw themselves between and men helps to disarm him. Soon, a police car arrives at the scene and everyone must exit the bus. After listening to the audience it is determined that the collector have to sit still besides the driver the rest of the trip and do nothing. The black guys are greeted with smiles from several passengers. The explanation from one of the passengers to me is that the collector guy during the trip made several racistic comments to the two brothers who got fed up and smacked him. 
"We don't accept racism in Sidi Ifni. The Saharan's is our brothers. We have a common history and have always respected each other", says the man besides me. 
When I am back Ibrahim tells me he has a brother living in Sweden who's at the moment is visiting some relatives outside Sidi Ifni. I can't get the name of the city in Sweden and start to doubt that there is any truth in the story. But a few days later his brother shows up. Lahrse who is living in Jonkoping since twenty years back? Speaks Swedish but not exceptionally well. He tells me that a couple  of hundred persons from Sidi Ifni lives in Sweden. 
Lahrse gives me cash in euros and Robin transfer corresponding sum to his wife's bank account. All of a sudden I have 700 euro that will give me two, three months respite. In the evening I unscrew the three electric sockets from the wall, hide the money and put everything back on place. Half of the economic problem is resolved. But still lack funding for three months or so? That's three months away, so why worry now? Then an e-mail pops up from Dieter? 
He sends photos of Lloret de Mar outside the bank when we are cooking lentil soup. He writes that he would like to come and visit; if I'd reached Morocco? In about a month or so? Yes, why not? He has a good heart. ... He mention nothing about Barcelona and I play along, cowardly. It will be fun to meet again. 
I realized soon that if Robin took out a bank card in his name and send it to Dieter in Berlin, he could bring it to me. It's done with two days' respite. Life is always a bit more thrilling living in the curves ... and I always find myself there. 
I walk up the mountain with Mohamed's son next day for watering his donkey and there I'll see a striking resemblance to the coral islands in Thailand where I recently been snorkeling. The similarity between the cactus formations and the coral formations are astounding. It doesn't require a lot of imagination to see that? Beautiful nature. Desert landscape on distance maybe can be a bit dull, but with rain the next months the desert will bloom in its most incredible colors. 
In the evenings I sit talking with Ibrahim at the entrance to the campsite. He points out building after building purchased by French or Spaniards. Every other house seems to be foreign owned. Located close to the sea, lifeless houses, reminds me of Spain. The most beautiful houses have been sold to ghosts, and the buying is accelerating. The price is ten percent of what they pay in their own countries. Sidi Ifni is so beautiful, built during the Spanish influence in Art Deco style. White and blue. Walls in white, doors, window frames and the base in blue? Three floor buildings. 
One evening when we sit at the entrance it's full moon and I'll go get the binoculars. I have not used it in several months. It has some problem with the setting on one tube. Ibrahim becomes ablaze. He looks at the moon for a long while and then he goes up on the roof and look on all kind of things, in the dark. When he wants to return the binoculars, I tell him, he can keep it? At first he hesitates with a doubtfully look, but eventually he accepts the gift and cries out, "Now I can check out the girls on the beach for real!" ... What!?! 
I learn a new way to cook food, it might be interesting in other parts of the world? The idea with​"Tagine" is simple and the result is really good food. A potter can easily produce a "Tagine" after description. 
When Dieter comes to Sidi Ifni. He brings some winter clothes that Ibrahim has asked for his girls. I manages to stop him before he's given everything to Ibrahim. There are more children in need of clothes in Sidi Ifni and Dieter finds a local organization that he gives the rest. 
The hotels are either crammed, closed or too expensive, so we rent a room at the camping site? An empty room with a great view over the mighty waves through rusty shutters and iron bars. A gas stove to cook our food on. We get a hammock stitched at a tailor for Dieter. A cheap and quite comfortable solution, at least for some weeks or so. I always travel with a hammock, it can almost fit my pocket, weighs 150 gram. We've just put up our things when a German VW bus rolls in and two young German guys with a passion for hashish smoking and surfing enters our lives. Two Fellows from the Tribal Internet Generation. Dieter is all of a sudden in the fog of hashish smoke. It's quite a new world for Dieter and we try to explain for the teacher what we are doing. Something in our explanations makes him curious and he wants to try but we discouraged him. 
"It is better you make your own decision instead of doing something you may not be ready for. Think about it for a few days and try to identify what you really want. Don't do things because of others, chose your own way. You are as welcome if you smoke or not. It's not the smoking that creates community. It's only an ingredient." 
A few days later, he wants to try but it ends in disaster; becomes disrespectful with a tone of disgust. He never inhaled so he never got stoned. He had just made up his mind that we were totally wrong about everything we "believed" in? 
The reason to the reaction might be that we often discussed how bad society works and Dieter and his colleagues got some sharp critic, of course. When we told Dieter that the psychologist's task basically is to get people back to work. To get the patient to accept his life as a robot and act as a cog in the machine. 
Let us look at two persons. Citizen A will not or can not adapt to the society to a larger extent. He refuses to sell himself on the market. Instinctively he reject the idea, he hardly never have had a job. While citizen B doesn't seem to have any major problems, attending job, taking care of the family, etc. B is considered well adapted to the society. Person B is therefore considered mentally healthy seen from society's  point of view. 
If we instead make our judgements from a human perspective, we find that Person B has chosen to give up his inner self by submitting to a solution in form of a robotic existence in which he or she basically do not live any longer. (If you don't rule your life, you don't live.) Person A refuses to accept such an existence. He wants to make his own decisions (which is not easy). When he makes his own decisions and don't follow the society norm he's perceived as neurotic (from society's perspective). On the other hand from a human perspective he lives, he is alive. (Learning from mistakes.) 
Because Person B in his robotic behaviour has given up his ability to live he must be considered as seriously disturbed. So the question really is: "Should we be considered as persons or as cogs in the machinery of society? 
Dieter has help of a psychologist, could it be that? That makes him so aggressive? It is probably more that his view of the world is not honest (more than in some surroundings). His solid social foundation has become more and more dissolved and finally Dieter react defending his old world by attacking the thing that disturbs – telling us that smoker's are confused people, have lost contact with reality. (We've heard it before? And we love to jump out of windows!) 
But we had planted a seed in him? He knows deep down, there is something. He is not stupid and has shown that he is honest and has empathy. It's going to get harder and harder to turn back to the "safe" world built on lies, he lived in so long. The world were he has no one to lean on because that person just made a better deal with someone else. 
The room is getting colder and colder. Dieter takes his daily morning walks while I try to relax in the cold to regain some of the bad sleep hashish user suffers from. It would have been better to go walking with Dieter - we are getting on each other's nerves. The hammock pressing on my left knee. 
Sidi Ifnis fishing is world class and the sardines are probably the best in the world, five dirham a kilo. The Gulf stream brings cold water from Iceland south. It hits Sidi Ifnis coast and the direction is changed to the west towards the Caribbean islands. There the stream turns back north and bring warm water from the equator to Iceland. The stream contains a huge variety of fish of best quality. So the cats are obese in Sidi Ifni. 
One morning when we're up in town buying a frying-pan Dieter starts talking with a guy who turns out to be Swedish? Ari, Finnish descendant. We both like Ari from the first moment. He gives an honest impression. Smokes a lot of joints. Two, three, or four joints an hour? Mixed with a lot of of tobacco. He is a Christian and slips easily onto that track but we help each other to lead him right again. Ari likes wine and that fits Dieter better. They share a few bottles the week before Dieter is returning home to celebrate Christmas with the family. 
Ari says that he have been HIV positive? Have been? 
The doctors can not find any HIV in his blood any longer but tells him that for precaution they let it be as it is. That is, Ari continues to take anti-retro-viral drugs and can keep his sick leave pension, and the doctors don't have to explain why they diagnosed a dying person as healthy? Ari put it at God's account? He tells a dubious Dieter, and confirms to me what I just seen in a documentary. Getting rid of HIV is possible. Sidi Ifni is close to the area in the world that is most affected by HIV and AIDS ((1c) according to U.S. Global Health Policy Fact Sheet, April 2009). The countries of the southern Sahara and Sub-Saharan region. 

CAN YOU GET RID OF HIV?!? (1a, 1b, 1c) 
Some things becomes obvious to me when studying the documentaries HIV/AIDS. I get the feeling that the laughing scientists react with the kind of defense we use when we know we are wrong? So wrong that we feel ashame and tries to hide it. The critical scientists behave as scientists should do; seriously interested in all questions asked. 
It appears that the definition of HIV is quite wide. It's like one of the serious researchers says that "the more diseases they can put in under the AIDS symptom, the more patients they can catch." Who are they? He means the pharmaceutical industry, which is owned by the one (1) percent. And the industry wants to sell vaccines. Vaccines that the 80 percent pay for and the one (1) percent get all the revenue from. There are clear links between vaccines and serious illnesses, including mental illness as autism. Critical scholars agree that many of the diagnostic tests for HIV in use today are basically worthless - but provides great revenue to the pharmaceutical industry. (The same is true for many other tests.) 
Today we know how HIV and AIDS spread through blood plasma products from US. There is a lot of documentary material on the Internet which shows how US Bayer and the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) acted to sell HIV-infected blood. (2) Products first denied for sale within the United States then approved by the same FDA for sale outside United States. With a remark from FDA "to keep a low profile." 2003 August 22 (date according to Wikipedia) MSNBC, Scarborough Country, presents Bayer as "Rat of the Week" when the public is informed that HIV was deliberately been spread by U.S. Bayer and FDA (It is also said that Bayer believed they had a vaccine coming up to sell to the victims?). 
(3) An important step is taken when American Bayer was founded by IG Farben chairman Carl Duisberg. IG Farben (the world's largest chemical company) forms a cartel with Rockefeller's Standard Oil and they together becomes so powerful that they basically have world monopoly on all chemical products. Dupont is forced to comply or slowly strangled. 
IG Farben supports all major political parties in a troubled Germany from 1925 until 1932 when Duisberg decides to first of all support Hitler. When the German Nazi Party is in decline 1932 he donates three million Mark from IG Farben. 
IG Farben has pretty good control on the political system. Regardless which party who takes power IG Farben will be represented since they support all the candidates. 
Most of America's pharmaceutical industry in the end of the 30-ties is involved with IG Farben through cartels. An attempt from the American government was made to cut the bonds between US and IG Farben but failed. And many American companies delivered equipment to Nazi Germany. The German planes couldn't take off without Standard Oil's additives for aircraft engines. That patent was now co-owned with IG Farben. For IG Farben and Standard Oil it was just business as usual. And double up you can say since they are experts in both injuring people and healing them. They take full charge for their services in both cases, regardless of political affiliation. 
(3) According to "the" Knickerbocker column "of the New York Journal American February 3, 1949, in an exclusive interview with Alexander Karensky, U.S. News & World Report from March 13, 1967, has Jacob Schiff son in-law John, provides information that Jacob Schiff transfered $ 20 million to Trotsky for establishment of the Soviet dictators. There isn't any protocols to prove that but the data is interesting enough to mention. And then it's up to each and everyone to value the credibility of the witness? 
From the early thirties the authorities have tried to crack the Farben-Rockefeller cartels, but they always manages to move around the assets. There is only an empty shell left when investigating authorities reach the end of what they thought was the red thread. Not even today with electronic devises they are really sure? 
Closest to succeed was Robert Kennedy as Attorney General when he managed to push through an agreement between Germany-USA-Switzerland, countries where the people have little power for various reasons, to investigate the IG Farben cartels. We must not forget that after the Second World War several persons with former strong bonds to Nazism or fascism (as well as individuals within Farben-Rockefeller cartels) were put back in political power and given high positions in several governments in the world, particularly in the United States of America. 
Kennedy finally held an auction on the assets being linked to IG Farben. The bidding was won by the "First Boston Corporation," and of "Blyth and Company." Both proved to be Rockefeller's representatives. ... What happened to the Kennedy brothers, we all know of. 
Let us return to the question "whether it is really possible to be cured of HIV?" 
(1c) Luc Montagnier, who received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 2008 for "The discovery of HIV," says the following: "We can be exposed to HIV many times without being chronically infected. Our immune system will get rid of the virus within a few weeks, if we have a good immune system; and that is also the problem for African people. Their nutrition is not very equilibrated, they are in oxidative stress, even if they are not infected by HIV; so their immune system doesn't work well already. So it's prone, it can, you know, allow HIV to get in and persist. So, there are many ways which are not the vaccine, the magic name, the vaccine, many ways to decrease the transmission just by simple measures of nutrition, giving antioxidants - hygiene measures, fighting the other infections. So they are not spectacular, but they could, you know, decrease very well the epidemic, to the level they are in occidental countries, western countries. ... We should push for more, you know, a combinations of measures; antioxidants, nutrition advice, nutritions, fighting other infections - malaria, tuberculosis, parasitosis, worms - education of course, genital hygiene for women, and men also.  
Question: "If you have a good immune system then your body can naturally get rid of HIV?" 
Luc Montagnier: "Yes." 
Luc Montagnier continues: 
{With} very simple measures, not very expensive, but which could do a lot. And this is my, actually my worry about the many spectacular action for the global funds to buy drugs and so on, and Bill Gates and so on, for the vaccine. But, you know those kind of measures are not very well funded, they're not funded at all, or they are, you know, it really depends on the local government to take choice of this, but local government they take advice of the scientific advisors from the intelligent institutions, and they don't get this kind of advice very often. 
Question: "Well there's no money in nutrition, right? There's no profit. " 
Luc Montagnier: "There is no profit ... Yes. The water is important. Water is the key." 
Question: "If you take a poor African who's been infected and you build up his immune system, is it possible for them to also naturally be rid of it?" 
Luc Montagnier: "I would think so." 
Interrogators: "That's an important, that's an important point." 
Luc Montagnier: "It's important knowledge which is completely neglected. People always think of drugs, and vaccines. 
So this is a message which may be different from what you heard before, no?" 
Interrogators: "Yes, a little different." 
Luc Montagnier: "A little different. ..." concludes Luc Montagnier with a warm smile. 
# 

Ari tells us that when he 6-7 years ago got diagnosed with AIDS. Hospitalization and antiviral drugs saved him. He weighed less than 60 kg when he left the hospital. Decides to go to India, what he always had been dreaming of. With a disability pension he could now go out in the world and find the meaning of life. Got into a healthy life style. Stayed at Ashrams practicing yoga and meditation with nutritious vegetarian diet. Every six months, he went home to see the doctors and his dad sent with him all kind of health products. He kept on like that for three years. One day a woman in Sweden took him to a Christian association, where he became a Christian. India was out. 
"The last two years they have not been able to find any HIV in the blood, but the doctors says that I should continue to take my medications. Today I'm just taking one tablet. It's some sort of antiviral drug and I feel quite high from it, actually quite nice. I get to keep my pension as long as I keep my mouth shout," Ari tells me and an even more big eyed Dieter. Dieters world trembles, can he really be telling the truth? 
“Why had he never heard of that? He was sure that if you once got HIV you were doomed, doomed to die an early death. 10 - 15 years maximum. He always followed the news and things on TV?" 
We're seeing Ari daily. Barbecue sardines on his mini-grill but sometimes we buy bigger fish for the frying pan. Our room is getting colder and my knee stiffer. Ari offers to read prayers over the knee. The next day I can barely walk ...? Will I be able to cycle to Sweden? It's four months away? 
Some evenings later there isn't any fish at the market since it has stormed for a few days. Ari take us to his restaurant around the corner to buy lentils, rice and maybe some kind of meat. Ari order first, then Dieter who wants "lentillas" and "pollo"; The cook seems to understand and then I order lentils - no chicken. I'll sit down with my bad knee while Ari and Dieter disappears to buy rice and some wine. While I'm sitting there in the restaurant I'll change my mind and order also chicken. 
When the cook put down the bags, he shows that the blue bag is for me and then Dieter and Ari returns. Ari pay everything for all the fish we had brought to his house the last week. 
Back in the house I'll see Dieter taking the blue bag so I tell him "that's mine". 
"You didn't order chicken?!" 
"Well, I changed my order after you were gone - the chef said the blue bag was for me." 
"You, are lying. There is no other bag with chicken, only the blue - and I ordered chicken I think everyone heard that, "he turns to Ari who of course agrees. 
"Well, that's probably true, but the chef might not heard what you said?" Trying to find some reasonable explanation. 
"You, are lying ... We both heard that you told the chef that you would not have chicken, right?" Ari nods, Dieter watching him. 
"Is it so hard to understand? After you went out, I changed my order. Simple as that! But it does not matter, take the chicken. "Dieter opened the bag picks up the chicken and starts to eat. I have lost the appetite. Ari wondering if I should have some lentils? 
"No, thanks. I've lost my appetite. It doesn't matter. I'm sorry, I hope you don't feel it's your fault or so, it is not." For once I talked Swedish with Ari. Dieter chewing with his eyes in the TV. It's the Christian channel. It spreads its message of "love to the people and peace on earth" or whatever it is? In a few days it's Christmas. 
After a silent night and a silent morning I finally break the silence to trying to get Dieter to realize what happened the day before. 
"Dieter, do you still believe that I was trying to steal your chicken?" 
"That's obvious, you didn't order any chicken." 
"We have now lived in the same place for four weeks, we have cycled one week together and you have always heard me talking about the injustices in the world, how people are fooled by those who control the political system we live in. I'll talk a lot about the soul and the inner self and so on. 
... Some times I might have turned your world upside but only in the meaning to show you what a false world you live in. Don't you know me better better than that?" 
After two seconds he answers; "It is quite obvious you took a chance." 
"If someone had done that to me, I would really question that person? But you still seems happy? You have a good heart, so I wish you, "Good luck." I have another accommodation so you can keep the room. You should maybe know that for my part, you are as welcome to Ari as before. This is a matter between you and me. Ok?" 
"Ok." 
Before Dieter returns home he tells Ari "that he intended to continue to travel and make longer trips. He had learned a enough to move on. One day we might hear his story? 
A few nights earlier, I had found a hotel that seemed clean and tidy. The owner was a bit drunk but was friendly. He promised me the best room for 900 dirham a month. A room that was just as big as the two beds? Now when I am back, the door is locked so I'll go over to Ari's place to spend the afternoon. In the evening when I'll return, the hotel owner is completely drunk. He was probably unconscious in the morning? I'll pay 300 for ten days and help him to sign the receipt. 
In the room, I discover that there is no electrical outlet? The next day I install one but can't get it to work properly? There are not enough wires? So I connect the socket with the lamp. I'll get a weird effect that make the light glows brighter and brighter until it flashes and then starts all over again, if the computer battery is charging? I don't want the owner to see it? 
I'll see him every second day or so and then he is completely gone. Reeling and drooling with a smile which crashes now and then. A person in this stage are not aware of the reality. I'll sit in the dark in the room (no light when I load the computer, only flashes every 2-3 minutes) and sneaks out to the darkness in the hallway when I'm going to the toilet. The light in the hallway is never lit? The cold and worries makes me wake up in the morning at four o'clock with a need to poop ? Freezing cold and pitch dark. Sometimes I "imagine" that I hear someone sneaking out in the hallway late at evenings and in the nights? Daytime I visit Ari but have to be back in time - to avoid being locked out? 
One morning Ari tells me that people have attacked the police station the night before. With stones and slingshots around eleven o'clock the police stations windows were smashed and a few policemen was injured and sent to the hospital. He describes how three officers sought refuge outside his door. He didn't let them in because he has hashish in the house. In addition, he generally have had bad experience of the police in Sweden. He is always harassed by them. They chase him as soon as he set foot. They hate him and he hates them. He is not happy about what has happened, but to help a police officer? 
I've found a Hammam ten minutes walk from the hotel. I've always enjoyed sauna and the hammam is reminiscent of  sauna. It's 50-55 degrees warm humid room. Hot and cold water is mixed up in a couple of buckets and then you sit on the floor washing yourself. One hour almost every day I'll go there and rub my sore knee. Avoiding the cold. At night it is 13-14 degrees, daytime 18-20 degrees in the sun. 
I try to read as much as possible, but after smoking a joint it becomes a lot of rereading so I decide to stop smoking. And that is usually never a problem. A couple of days of sweating and then it's ok. Sauna helps.  But now it hit hard? I struggle for 4-5 days but it's getting worse for every day. Tensed jaws and staring eyes. Heavy sweating at night in the cold room. I feel shaky and imagining things when I talk to people? Around the same time Ari is going back to Sweden. 
The fifth day of no-smoking, I meet a couple from Holland who just have taken over the apartment after Ari. I got there in the morning to fetch my frying pan and went home in the evening without frying pan? It stayed with my newfound friends, Graeme and Judith. It clicked directly. Graeme smokes even more than Ari and before we get off to the Hammam next morning Graeme has smoked at least ten joints? Judith seems stoned all the time but she doesn't use anything? She is a smiling and relaxed person who laughs all the time. A soft and sweet person; former punk, by the way? 
I suspect that "I've gone into the wall". For four years I have constantly been working on gathering information that I then used in my writing. Day in and day out. Cycling has been my way of getting away. What happened in Spain put even more pressure. When I put of smoking it sparked what been laying in the background. I also understood why it was so hard to stop? The reason was that I had become addicted to the tobacco? It was tobacco that gave me abstinence, the sweating. I suffered of tobacco dependence for 33 years and every time I tried to quit "I climbed on the walls". Now it was exactly the same! 
To get away from tobacco I use the hashish? I by 50 gram of the best quality. From now on I'll just mix with leaves of mint-The, and no tobacco.  The Kindle reader and the computer is set a side. I decide to not engage myself in further information seeking until I've visited Sweden, sometimes in August, in eight months. (When my tobacco dependence disappeared after some week I stopped with hashish without any major problem.) 
The hotel owner stays sober for almost a month and I suddenly discover who's making the sounds in the hallway at night and early mornings. Mohamed, my neighbor in the last room down the hall, he is blind? He tap his stick on the wall and sometimes on my door when he feels his way? He is begging from early morning to late evening in the center of Sidi Ifni. So when I sat in my room and imagined it was the hotel owner who leaned here and there on the walls, it was Mohamed who was on the way out or in? Five, six in the morning or ten, eleven at night. 
The hotel owner invites me and Mohamed to have sardines and rice with him. Next day I'll bring a more expensive fish. Every other day the hotel owner brings sardines and every other day I'll buy some fish - and Mohamed is invited every day. Soon, the hotel owner gets bolder and tells me that I should buy more expensive fish and every day. When he returns into his world of alcohol, I move to the opposite hotel. Hotel Liberté. 
Now I will get insight to why Sidi Ifni-dwellers abuse their police officers. ... 

SIDI IFNIS HISTORY IN BRIEF (Mainly told by Sidi Ifni-residents). 
The history of Sidi Ifni is pretty straight forward until foreigners starts to colonize the area. It is the tribal organizations of Berber people who's in control of Ait-Bamrane. An area which includes Sidi Ifni and its surrounding areas, which is not particularly large. Agriculture and trading with Sahara and the north, which consist of many small states, like Ait-Bamrane. And with European trading merchants. Sounds like Gaza? 
Spain was the first country to colonize Sidi Ifni. They control the area for fifty years. 1524 they'll be driven out from the town they named "Santa Cruz de la Mar Pequeña". They built the first fort in Sidi Ifnis history, and that is normally enough to be considered the country's legitimate ruler in future negotiations? A fort is crucial. Can you show that, then the case is won? But in Sidi Ifnis case it doesn't apply? The reason is probably the same as in Gaza, it is an important strategic point. Too valuable to let local populations control. Moroccan kings has until the middle of the 1900's, either with threats or bribes, forced regional tribes in the north to become part of Morocco. In 1860 Morocco start a war against Spain and they lose. In the peace agreement signed in Tangier Morocco, Morocco give up the right to Sidi Ifni and its surroundings, Ait-Bamrane, permanently. 1884 Spain announces that they from now on rule Western Sahara.   German businessmen find huge wealth in the area of phosphates a few year before World War II breaks out and German warships is prepared to take over the area. (information provided by knowledgeable people in Sidi Ifni). German business represented by IG Farben has of course high interest in phosphates in the process of building a military arsenal? 
1956 France gives up Morocco. Soon after Morocco start the a war against Sidi Ifni, August 1957 . Morocco's point is that the agreement between France-Spain is no more valid? Advisers to the Government of Morocco or King Hassan is provided by France and probably by the United States. To cope with the situation there is formed a guerrilla movement that Morocco officially doesn't support. The freedom fighting guerrilla movement makes the take-over possible or more rightly expressed internationally "acceptable". Two countries who used Morocco for their own purpose mainly for the reason to "protect their commodities" are US and France. At the present it's French company who extracts the phosphate from Western Sahara and United States has a strategically important ally in Africa. France is much more effective than US in Africa when it comes to war first of all. 
The international hatred of the Franco dictatorship channeled through UN forces Spain to leave Sidi Ifni 1969 in a rush. Without any patronage Sidi Ifni is soon lost to Morocco. Sidi Ifnis modern hospital (Africa's most modern) is directly moved to Rabat so the king and the government will have access to the best medical care. At the same time the cables to the cable car is dismounted and sold as scrap. The cable car is the life line between land and the sea transport since Sidi Ifni didn't have any harbor for big ships. The church bells has probably gone the same way sold as scrap since they don't exist any longer. But residents in Sidi Ifni refuses to accept their new nationality. The city was a Spanish protectorate since 1934 and in fact still should be since the agreement never has been officially terminated. Sidi Ifni is clearly betrayed by the UN. 
This turned the Sidi Ifni-residents into one big family. Five days a week the streets are full of people going out to show who are the boss, who is in demand. The rulers today has realized that you can't quell populations by force.  2008 the people of Sidi Ifni takes to the streets in a big manifestation. (The protests had actually begun earlier in the harbor when people were made redundant on very flimsy grounds.) A demonstration were about 500 people protest over a lack of food in the city, and that the food prices is rising rapidly. The police amassed an army of 8,000 policemen in Tiznit 50 km north from Sidi Ifni, to crush the protesters. Sidi Ifnis total population is about 16.000. 
The rumors from Tiznit was true and in June 7, 2008 police enters and behaves very brutal against Sidi Ifni-residents. Subjecting them to brutal beatings, aggressive sexual assault and theft. Polices entering illegally people's homes. 
But it came to a change, people came down from the mountains to help and those who previously had been cautious or afraid took an active part. The fight lasted more than a week according to witnesses from Sidi Ifni. The women took on their task to bring big stones from the mountain during the nights. When the police came up in the streets next morning they were massacred by the heavy rocks dropped from three stories up. Finally the police didn't dare to go up in the streets and the violence subsided. 
You must be aware that many of the police officers patrolling Sidi Ifni and Western Sahara moved from northern Morocco to Sidi Ifni to enrich themselves. They were promised huge benefits if they took the task of patrolling southern Morocco. In the north they were given the impression that those in the south are of lower rank, and quite stupid. It's the same good old tactic. But today the police in Sidi Ifni are dissatisfied with their role. They are not unpleasant to foreigners but the relation is not relaxed. Police officers are doing what they are told, of course, they have no agenda of their own. 
According to the "Moroccan Organization for Human Rights" 200 persons was arrested, twelve cases were classified as torture, carried out by the police. Thirty cases as serious aggression from the police. After a week, the people won and all of a sudden the king came out in public and said he had not known anything? He did not know what triggered it? He had to call for a total withdrawal of the police forces. Al Jazeera spoke about 8-10 dead. Amnesty International in 2009 came out with a report that confirmed the Moroccan police brutal behavior. Those who held on to Al Jazeera's statement (which probably was incorrect) publicly in Morocco  were given long prison sentences. Shortly after followed the "Arab Spring" in Morocco and some Sidi Ifni-residents claims that it was the event in Sidi Ifni who started it. Later, when I travel around in Morocco, I understand that young Moroccans sees Sidi Ifni-dwellers as a model for the liberation progress. They admire their courage. 
The first morning I rode up to Sidi Ifni from the campsite the streets were shattered with stones? And now I understand that it was the remains of a clash with the police the night before. I was informed that there had been an attack to try to free people who was under arrest since earlier demonstrations. Get them free by direct attack! Daily demonstrations at the city's Central Plaza shows that. Plaza de España, nowadays “Place Hassan II "? 
The most beautiful memory from the Spanish time in Sidi Ifni is Plaza de España, who recently was saved from total destruction. The authorities had already decided that it should be transformed into a taxi station area? But when the bulldozers should start to scratch all Spanish memories out from the ground, the park was full of people, sitting silently with lighted candles in their hands. Not a tree was damaged and finally the authorities changed their decision. But they have however not given up the final plan. Removing all memories of the Spanish time. While I am in Sidi Ifni they demolish the old Spanish police station and was preparing to demolish the memory of the Spanish garrison buildings at the outskirts of the city. They were building a wall around the area to prevent actions. The Church has no function and no information about its history. 
The most effective way to destroy a society is to created a wealthy class inside a society that always has been egalitarian. The first private school were the rich kids is taken in luxury cars. Recently it's been created an area where the wealthy class lives. And in Sidi Ifni you'll see more and more cars with black windows containing people in Italian silk suits. 
It has been built a museum in Sidi Ifnis concerning the emancipation and long-awaited repatriation to Morocco. I was barely let in but after adding a tourist-stupid smile they let me in. (I was given the impression the museum was only for Sidi Ifni inhabitants?). Only Moroccan kings are presented almost one thousand years back in a way that make you believe that Moroccan kings was Sidi Ifnis ruler back then. And now finally have Sidi Ifni returned to its origin ruler. You become nauseous. Exactly like the Swedish history textbooks in the 60s in the Scanian schools. To make us believe that our king was in Stockholm and the Danish king Christian was a tyrant. But he was called " Christian the Good" by the Scanian farmers. The best king Scania ever had after Harald Bluetooth (who was from an earlier time, before we formed the kingdom of Denmark together with East and West Denmark.) (4) 
Market surveys in Sidi Ifni is done to find out how to fill up with more tourists but Sidi Ifni doesn't fit touristic families. This is the Rasta people, the Surfers' paradise, in the icy water. 
# 
 
Clappie Boy is the one who rules the town. He starts the day marching down the street, in the middle of the street, on the white stripes, right in front of the police station clapping his huge hands. The police don't respond. He looks like sixteen, seventeen, constantly smiling. Clap, clap - clappedi clap. The same pace all day long. We hear him from Graeme and Judith's apartment in front of the police station. 
"Here comes, Clappie Boy!" Graeme call out happily long before we've heard him? If we some morning don't hear the clapping Graeme gets "anxious" and wonder if something has happened to Clappie Boy? 
Clappie Boy is looked after by the entire city' inhabitants. Sometimes we see him take a coffee break at a café or just sit and rest, before the next session starts. Another favorite is "Whistling Man". He is a bit older, maybe 40 years. The first time I met him was on the football field where I got the impression that he is a sport teacher because he's referee for the game that's going on. When I start talking to him, he takes out a notepad and writes something down, before he looks at me. I thought; he don't know English, so I kindly said goodbye, and moved on. Next time I see him, he is directing the traffic at the southern entrance to the city. The whistle pipe is of import. The whistle pipe has exactly the same tone as my gymnastics teachers at my school had, fifty years ago? 
There are more schizophrenic and mentally retarded persons in Sidi Ifni and they have a place in the city life, everyone knows who they are and they all look after them. One man has the tendency to curb out into the traffic from the sidewalk but everyone keeps an eye on him. Gradually, as he moves, the eye moves. And when he starts deviate diagonally out into the street, there is always someone to help him over to the other side. A vibrant city with a big heart. A society where fathers are old when they gets their children. Today we know that there is a clear link between fathers age and the probability for his child to get schizophrenia. The older the father is the higher probability. In Sidi Ifni most of the dad looks like a grandfather. The Moroccan fathers are of course good fathers. To be able to have children at a young age depends of course on the social system. The new generation in Morocco must change that – and they will. 
The best football player among girls I've ever seen lives in one of the alleys in Sidi Ifni. She can do magic with both feet and she moves like a football player. Incredibly skilled. Of course if such a girl enter the market she can make a lot of money, and change her life? But, I am convinced that her life will be happier in Sidi Ifni than in any professional club anywhere. Here she can go down and bake her bread on the corner, here she can go out with the other women on evening walks and show solidarity with her people. Here she can have her children. Being admired and respected for who she is - and that's what life is about. You can not get more than everything ... Life took away her hearing but gave her everything else. 
When I am about to leave Sidi Ifni the Internet generation starts a new campaign. They demand work. They put up big plastic tents and occupies the sidewalks at several locations across the town to show the government's impotence, at the same time they build self esteem and experience for future campaigns. No leaders, everything happens spontaneously, contact over Facebook on cell phone, with any electronic media. Cooking, sleeping, living in the streets. A blackboard shows how many days the action has been going on. If someone is offered a job he takes it immediately, but no jobs are offered from the authorities. Those jobs are reserved for selected parts of the citizens. 
In today's world of instant information, it's hard to just crush a population. Sidi Ifni has too many friends in Europe, many of them returns every year; The Caravan People from France is a great team. People who worked all their life spends their last winters in one of Sidi Ifnis campsites in modern caravans, playing Boule all day long. The caravans are like a houses with all modernities. Well-stocked on French wine and deep frozen homemade specialties. They'll go to the fish market every day to buy some delicacy. Those people keep an eye on Sidi Ifni over the Internet. They were shocked of what happened in 2008 and many have promised themselves to ensure that it will never happen again. Good people, old workers who stay in their campers and don't bother to buy houses or so. A nice feature of Sidi Ifnis life, six months a year - it's ok. 
I have of various reasons not been on Facebook but when I start to understand how Facebook is used in the young generation, I become a member. One young persons I became friend with expressed it in this way: "Before I had Facebook, I knew nothing about the world. Through my friends on Facebook, I've learned almost everything. Everything about the world. I have 700 friends around the world in surfing that I keep in touch with on Facebook. Facebook is the most important thing I have." 
I stitch new bicycle bags in PVC tarpaulin which costs 10 percent of the price in Europe? I'll hand stitch and use the old bags as a template. I also make a big bag that I can put a dismounted bicycle in? Buses, trains, and ships have begun to charge high prices to bring a bicycle. Before it was always free of charge? Taking bike parts in a giant bag as luggage is not a bicycle? The first time I get the benefit of the bag is on the bus to Tangier and soon after on the boat to Algeciras. The bag also comes handy as protection from sharp stones or sticks under the tent. And is a perfect rain protection when unexpected rain starts poring? Weighs almost nothing! Three functions almost for free! 
When I'm passing through Tangier in a taxi on the way to the ferry then I'll I can almost see in front of me the ferry between Tangier and Malaga, in 1971. We were three friends who have thrown us headlong into an adventure that could have ended badly; we "dreamed" about bringing a couple of kilos of hashish to Sweden. Chris, our twenty year older friend had forgot his nerve medicine at home and got more strange each day that went by. He was suppose to do the smuggling? We realized that something was seriously wrong? And later found out that he should medicate for schizophrenia? We spend all the money, so any kilos or even one gram wasn't brought back home. 
Anyway we went second class, meaning we had no cabin but could use the pool - and the food was included. A buffet I in fact still remember partly probably because we skimped on food in Spain for over a week. We were hungry. A school with French girls in the age of 16-17 surrounded us. Not a class, but a whole school! We were the only boys on the ship? Hippie boys! 
First time I saw, and heard, flying fish. Probably the only fish that is aware of water? Fishes living in the water can not perceive what water is? Because the brain needs to perceive by contrasts. So fishes are probably the only creatures who are not aware of water? Wondering what we lack awareness of? 
Third class deck. Deep down, below the water line, I saw eyes staring. Shaded bearded bony faces. Forty years had passed, but still it is there. Iron bars stopped any attempt to get up. The sun burned our backs while we shockingly saw something that reminded us how sometimes animals are treated. 
Today there is not third class even in the New Oxford American Dictionary but the second class still exist. Third class is gone, its function has been replaced with something even worse. I'm talking about the boats trying to get from northern Africa to Spain. Not only will the sea take its share of the overcrowded boats, the Spanish police do too. They often crash into the overloaded boats and then pretend to look for survivors until they are drowned. Only then they are brought up. I'm talking to young credible guys in Sidi Ifni and their story is the same; that they managed to survive because they had jumped into the water in good time before the boat was crashed into. They swum to shore and were captured. A week later they were sent back to Morocco. The youngest I talk to was sixteen when it happened. Today, 4-5 years later, he has a work permit in Spain. 
"Those who have enough money to make a visa application may try that way but they rarely succeed," says several persons who has paid 60-70 euros for the application. They are encouraged and willingly assisted by personnel at the embassies to fill in the forms. A few weeks later they'll get the application back with a sorrow smile and the advice that they can always make a new try? 
"There is no stopping you from making a new application. Welcome back. You'll see that next time it will be better" are the words that follow them through the consulate's gate. Their money is kept by the consulate. Shameful but that's the way they are treated by our representatives. Today, we have much more modern and efficient bars and walls than in the 70s. 
# 

(1a) 360p 152 kbit The shocking truth about HIV and AIDS (t.webm  from YouTube 
(1b) 360p 152 kbit AIDS HIV tests a hoax Exclusive footage.webm    from YouTube 
(1c) 360p 152 kbit AIDS truth exposed Un-cut exclusive foot.webm   from YouTube 
(1a,1b, 1c):  #The HIV/AIDS Story is Being Rewritten.” www.houseofnumbers.com eller facebook: House of Numbers 
(2)  Bayer Exposed ( HIV Contaminated Vaccine ).mp4   from YouTube 
(3)  World without Cancer, book by G Edward Griffin. Free download from Internet. 
(4) Uno Röndahl author of books in Swedish about the Scanian history. 

CHAPTER 4 Marshall McLuhan and the Internet. 

Robert K. Logan, Professor Emeritus at the Department of Physics at the University of Toronto is one of several that uses Marshall McLuhan's theories in his research with great success. Logan's explanations are easy to understand. He has done three decades of research in linguistics and how languages emerged. Cultures are of course closely linked to the same area. One may ask what physics has to do with linguistics? Should we not stay within the area that we are trained? Even today in the academic world of black robes its not uncommon that each and everyone defends their own little field and don't want competition from specialists in other fields. However, it is better today than in the 1960-ties, in the days when McLuhan's was fighting such behavior. In McLuhan's world anyone can take an interest in any field they wish and participate if they believe they have something to contribute. It has been far too much in our world of what Aldous Huxley expresses in his wonderful little book "Doors of Perception" as: 
"There is always money for, for there are always doctorates in, the learned foolery of research into what, for scholars, is the all important problem: Who influenced whom to say what when?" 
McLuhan probably turned the University of Toronto upside down when he encouraged graduates to cross all boundaries that had been in place since Plato's time more or less. McLuhan often said that his theories were not for academics but for common people, especially the young. It was easier for them to understand the knowledge he stood for. And McLuhan was ridiculed and subjected to unjust criticism from scholars as soon as they got the opportunity. Initially they were however cautious while Marshall McLuhan was admired, adored, from Canada down through the US, and Europe also got its share. But when his book "Understanding Media" was published 1964, the black robes had managed to distract the interest in McLuhan's work so it didn't get the attention it deserved. 
Later on McLuhan suffered from a brain tumor but the operation was successful, one has to say, even though McLuhan lost the memory of his past five years reading. However, he still had his "drive" and wrote three books the following year, while continuing to teach. His students loved his lectures. McLuhan's curiosity was now brought into a new field, the brain-function. Especially the differences between the two hemispheres functions. Perhaps needless to say, but his research was revolutionary. 
Years later a stroke takes away his ability to talk. During the following fifteen months, he can not work, and finally his department at the University of Toronto is closed. When McLuhan comes down to the university with his wife Corinne, the whole research work is put out in the court yard and is going to be thrown away? But it was rescued, some parts are missing including a translation of Understanding Media to Braille. Understanding Media is translated into 23 languages. Today, the demand for reprints of his books are bigger than ever. We hear his thoughts often expressed by people who do not often know that they just quoted Marshall McLuhan? 
Some who understood McLuhan's value was the advertising industry. His knowledge was power to them; power to control people to buy their products. 
(1) Robert Logan became in the 70's interested in linguistics when he arranged a course in physics for students studying humanistic subjects; to get them to understand physics without a lot of math, like Stephen Hawking? During the process of putting together the material Logan saw that there were major fundamental differences between Chinese and Western cultures. And McLuhan helped Logan to understand what caused those differences between the two cultures. 
The Alphabet, the phonetic alphabet consist of symbols that in itself doesn't have any meaning at all. But when they are put together into a code (by the writer) and then decoded (by the reader) there is a logic. Coding and decoding, or writing and reading, will affect society fundamentally. When Gutenberg's printing technology is introduced, a speed up is going to emerge and four areas will be identified as associated with the phonetic cultures; codified law, monotheism, abstract science and deductive science. 
The changes happens over centuries and decades not overnight. The change done by the phonetic alphabet alters the relationship between our senses so that the visual sense will increase while the other senses have to decrease to keep equilibrium. When Gutenberg's printing technique with the interchangeable printing types are introduced the process accelerates so that our visual sense takes over completely. And when the visual sense takes over completely, the other senses have to decrease more or less completely - there is a kind of anesthesia or total numbing of the other senses. It's the same principle that is used in hypnosis or when the dentist numbs the patients pain by exposing him to high sound, which takes over or numb the other senses altogether. The Gutenberg's printing technique accelerates the phonetic alphabet, which reduces a complex organic interaction, the spoken language, to one sense - the visual. The words is transformed and becomes static and loses the richness that the world of sound represents. 
Simone Weil puts it this way (1): 
“The same words (e.g, a man says to his wife, “I love you”) can be commonplace or extraordinary according to the manner in which they are spoken. And this manner depends on the depth of the region in a man’s being from which they proceed without the will being able to do anything. And by a marvelous agreement they reach the same region in him who hears them. Thus the hearer can discern, if he have any power of discernment, what is the value of the words.” 
The richness of the word is lost simultaneously with its magic in the moment they turn into abstract symbolic characters that lack meaning in itself. Schizophrenia becomes a reality when you can separate thinking about things, and actually doing them? It is only when one individual sense takes over entirely from the other senses that we can divide between thoughts and actions. If we take a look at the trials in the USSR in the 30's we remember was focused on feeling guilty for thoughts that people had been thinking; to have had wrong thoughts? The Russian people had not yet taken the plunge into the literary world (only the literary bureaucrats had done that) to be able to distinguish between thoughts and action, but it was on the way. Interestingly is that the Russian espionage used listening device only, while the American had a habit of putting up cameras. If it couldn't be seen it couldn't be 100% reliable. The literary person trust only his eyes while the tribal person rely on his hearing. 
From above follows that a literary society, meaning a society built on Gutenbergs printing technique is experiencing reality totally different than a nonliterate, non-civilized society is or a society built on ideogrammic writings. The kind of writing we find in China and ancient Egypt. Where every word has a character that is almost as rich in design as the spoken word. In a way, you write down the words history when drawing up an ideogram. Since it is only the phonetic alphabet that has the capability to "support" one single sense, the visual sense, takes control over the whole world of senses. Now we do for the first time experience time as continuous, and other strange things also happens to us ... Romantic love is another direct consequence of one sense taken over. Our whole world will come to a total change and that is what Shakespeare tells us in his plays. 
The point in space where we place our viewpoint when be focus on images or objects is different for a literary person than for a tribal or ideogrammic reading person. The literary person put his viewpoint a little bit in front of the object and then we get the perspective vision. There isn't any perspective in the paintings or art made by tribal cultures, the put their view directly on the object. 
To sequentially set up systems with the help of the alphabet and create e.g lexicon effects the brains and also demands special brains. To encode and decode information (writing and reading) is done within us which makes us feel that we are bare individuals. We have never felt that before, when we belonged to a tribe. In a tribal society we used spoken words and body language to show what we want and who we are. 
We also "spoke" to ourselves, when we sought solutions to problems? Which became a possibility when we went from non-verbal to verbal communication, when we were living in caves; when we all of a sudden start to use a language or words and could address problems by using the concepts that the words in a language represents. And we talked quite aloud to ourself to make it clearer? You still hear it today. 
But now we could write down words and the phonetic signs gave us for the first time a private identity (and that effect doesn't ideogrammic signs have on us (we come to that later on)). During the time we were part of the Tribe we were not very much aware of our individuality. The Tribe starts to die out when it's members become influenced by the phonetic alphabet. The members of the Tribe become individuals. However the first couple of thousand years the impact was different, on a much lower level in the manuscript culture (were all text was read aloud even when copying it). It is when the great accelerator Gutenberg's printing technology was introduced that big changes starts to take place. But the new literary selfish individual also understood that there was power in the knowledge of the phonetic alphabet, which slowed down the spreading to the public until public schools was formed. 
(2) Chaos theory tells us that when a nonlinear system is overloaded by information, the unexpected and amazing happen - spontaneously is "born" a higher system level than could have been predicted with the inputs made. Chaos creates conditions that we can only dream of, and chaos occurs when the media or environment (to use another word for media), constantly are pushed to its limits. When control is sensed as a total, it will be lost totally? Let's start from the beginning. … 
The first time we see written signs on this planet is in Mesopotamia more than 5,000 years ago. There is a need to have have check on who had paid his taxes; so when the overload of information is too high they invent characters that is stamped into clay tablets as proof of paid tax. Mathematics develops simultaneously with the written language because there are great similarities. Professor Logan says that anyone who can read well can also do mathematics well. When the brain becomes overloaded by keeping track of all those who has or hasn't paid their taxes the written language is invented. Mathematics fulfill the specifications that is significant for a language without exceptions. Mathematics is therefore also a language. The next stage is even more interesting. 
Since we can not learn to write and count by just observing as we do when we learn to speak, schools are created to teach the art of writing. Since reading and counting is a way to gain power, it will take several centuries until the knowledge "leaks" down to ordinary man in most cultures. The system becomes sooner or later overloaded by all teachers and new students who wants something to do with their knowledge. Many of them turns naturally into what we can call "science". More faculties opens up and after a while it becomes difficult for researchers and professors to keep track of all knowledge which takes us to the Computer. The computers is overloaded relatively fast - relative to the millennium it took to get from mathematics to science - computers is linked and we've got the Internet. 
We have now six complete language, spoken language, written language, mathematics, science, computer and the Internet. Everyone meet the standards of a language. 
Computers are powerful tools for dyslexics. The learning of mathematics is also facilitated by the computer like so much else, and Internet is an even more powerful tool. So we've come back to where we started, the written language. We've perceived a complete system of languages after thousands of years of experience in word formation. 
Before we continue let us look into what our phonetic alphabet does to us. It is described by Marshall McLuhan in "The Gutenberg Galaxy" (the book he liked the most) which came out in 1962 I leave the reader to the book and continues to (3) "McLuhan's Wake", which was made after Marshall McLuhan's death. He says this: 
“Literacy marched steadily in the direction of fragmenting and segmenting and classifying data, turning men into specialists who pursued individual subjects with individual themes and goals, quite without relation to one another.” 
And 
“People who are subjected to the arrangement of language, visually, in lines, highly sequential, and precise and rigid, develop the habits of arranging their lives, arranging their whole social existence in ways which are very closely geared to these forms. They’re not especially aware of this.” 
Nowadays I am aware of this and can clearly see how my life becomes more structured the more I'm engaged in writing. I go to the same places, eat the same food day after day, week after week. ... The toothbrush and water bottles at their places. Therefore, when I've finished writing or when I take a break for a couple of weeks after two or three months of daily work, I leave the place where I am and try to break all boundaries. Snorkeling, walking in the beach, pet the dogs and cats; violate the habits created when I put the punctuation mark at their exact places, as perfect as possible? What do you think a job on the assembly line do to you? 
Today our whole society is similar to an assembly line but our nature as human beings is something totally different. Here is an important reason why we are not doing particularly well. And we are not aware of how different media affect us. We believe that it is the media content we are affected by (if it's a love story or a horror movie etc) but it's not, and that is Marshall McLuhan's great discovery he is expressing in the following sentence: 
”THE MEDIA IS THE MESSAGE”. 
What is it the phonetic alphabet and Gutenbergs printing technique has influenced in our societies? Take a view at a satellite image of a city. It really looks like a page in a book, or if you look on how our production is organized, from the assembly line to almost any other area? Everything arranged in rows and columns? Gutenberg's printing press arrived 500 years ago and was the first machine made to perform man's handicraft. And when man had once let the machine into his world, it should not take long before the machine takes over his world. A knowledge Chuang Tzu described 2,500 years ago and McLuhan describes in, "It’s a loop. You shape your tools in your own image and, in their turn, they shape you." 
(2) When I realize how the phonetic alphabet affects me I also start to understand that it is the medium, any medium, that constantly "massage" us and not so much the content. Content affects, but not close to how media itself affects us? 
For McLuhan the way to knowledge was long and went backwards through the history of literature? Finally, he ended up in Greece, in Trivium. The ancient Greek system. In the book Laws of Media; The New Science by Marshall and Eric McLuhan we can read following about Trivium: 
“The trivium, the arts or sciences of the logos, was born of the phonetic alphabet. As shown in chapter one, the effect of phonetic literacy on the Greek psyche and culture was catastrophic. Mimesis gave way to individualized detachment, and the integral resonating oral logos was broken into multiple fragments, each bearing some one or another of its original properties. For more than a century a great number of these systems were invented by poets, exegetes, philosophers, rhetors, and so on, but it was the fifth-century Stoics who formulated the essential tripartite relationship. The Stoics developed a “threefold logos” that served at the pattern for the trivium, although the trivium itself was not formally recognized as the basis of education and science for some time. The pre-alphabetic logos was retrieved in two ways: it informed the Patristic “doctrine of the logos”, and it was recapitulated in the overlapping structures of the threefold Stoic logos. 
Briefly, the relation between the Stoic system and the trivium is as follows: The Stoic logos hendiathetos is the inner, abstract word in the mind prior to (or minus) speech. Its pattern appears in dialectic (logic and philosophy) via emphasis on abstraction (figure minus ground) and absolutes, and on correct thought form (sequence), irrespective of audience. The Stoic logos prophorikos is the “uttered word” and corresponds to rhetoric as the science of transforming audiences with speech. Their logos spermatikos is the (uttered) logos as “seeds” embedded in things animate or inanimate that structure and inform them and provide the formal principles of their being and growth (becoming). This third logos is the root of grammar (which meant “literature”) with its twin concerns of etymology and multiple-level exegesis, the ground-search for structure and roots. All of the sciences of the later quadrivium (of music, arithmetic, geometry, and astronomy) were subdivisions of grammar, as forms of exegesis of the Book of Nature. Ancient rhetoric and grammar, then, are principally right-hemisphere activities: a dialectical rendering of either one (such as Plato's or Aristotle's), quite aside from partisanship, would be at best a metaphor for, or a biased translation of, the original.” 
And “Logos” referred to in the text is so important that it's better look into briefly what McLuhan says about it (Laws of Media; The New Science by Marshall and Eric McLuhan): 
“The Greek had two words for “word” or “utterance”, logos and mythos, of which logos was much the older and more complex. As Havelock, in Preface to Plato, has shown, the spoken word, logos, functioned in oral society as the principal technology both of communication and of fashioning and transmitting the culture. 
Logos was also related to formal cause, to the existential essence of things. In this sense, Pedro Lain-Entralgo observes, all things are as it were words, expressions. 
The logos of the philosophers, from Thales {624–545 BC} to Democritus {460–370 BC}, was used to declare what things “are”. Moreover, it should be stated, with Zubiri, that after Empedocles, Anaxagoras {500-428 BC}, and Democritus, the logos means that which is understood and said rather than a mere saying or understanding, as it had been up to then, and belongs therefore to the very structure of being …. Things will be very different when the logos, as an instrument of human social intercourse, is principally, used to convince or persuade others, or, as Zubiri says, when the “is” of conversation becomes the “is” of things. (Therapy of the Word in Classical Antiquity,  87.) 
… Before writing, logos was active and metamorphic rather than neutral: words and deeds were 
related as were words and things. The logos of creation is of the same order: “Let there be light” is the uttering or outering of light. 
Among others, Heraclitus {c 500 BC} discussed logos as the informing principle of cosmology, of the kosmos. For Heraclitus, god's chief name is Highest Reason, Logos; and, in a different aspect, “the Wise Being” or even “the Only Wise Being”. (Fr 32.) As F M Cleve explains, the divine body that encircles the world is that part of the resonant logos which never “changes”. This part is not contained by the world (Fr 108), but keeps outside, as an environment: “The Logos does not dwell within the world, penetrating it, but around the world. Beyond the continent, the ocean, the air cover, the fire of the stars, there is still the pyr aeizoon, the lasting body of the Logos … The Logos, then, is not in the world. This was changed later on by the Stoics. They imagined the world as penetrated by the Logos, thus deviating from the genuine dogma of Heraclitus” (Cleve, The Giants of Pre-Sophistic Greek Philosophy, 78). 
The Stoics revived much of Heraclitus's theodicy, but they reformulated the doctrine of the logos for their own time, in a threefold pattern that served as a precursor of the trivium. By their time the alphabetic ground was becoming pervasive. The nature of kosmos was also transformed, so that the Heraclitean god was translated from “the outermost sphere around the world” to a position inside, “penetrating the whole world”. The old ground was becoming figure as visual space intensified. 
… As C H Kahn shows in his treatment of the same fragment, both the kosmos and the logos that informs it are encyclopedic (as they concern the universe, “the world of nature taken in its widest sense”) and both are concerned with metamorphosis. These properties of the logos are of particular importance to the later development of Stoic and Roman grammar and rhetoric. Heraclitus made it far clearer than his immediate predecessors that “man himself is part of his surroundings” and not merely a contained or detached figure: “in him, too, the logos is operative, and his effective functioning depends upon action in accordance with it” - and so upon his understanding of it. 
While common-sense acoustic space held sway, the cosmos was perceived as a resonant and metamorphic structure informed by logos. “The structure of man's speech was an embodiment of the structure of the world” (Harold Innis, Empire and Communication, 76). The boundless, spherical, resonating kosmos of acoustic space constituted an environmental ground of energies and potencies and forms, to which men, things and events were almost accidentally figures, and into which they might easily merge. Figure was not yet abstract and was inseparable from its metamorphic relation to ground. The universe was a verbal universe – a perception that is reappearing in the twentieth century, thanks to the new ground of instantaneous electric information, which is in many ways similar to Heraclitus's “fire” or energy.” 
In short we can say when the phonetic alphabet destroyed our ability that through speech experience ground we instead were able to divide and experience the world through our visual sense (but we were often tricked). The visual sense gave us an ability to divide things into the three elements; Grammar, Rhetoric and Logic and out of that came all the knowledge that is described in the text above by McLuhan. 
Marshall McLuhan had come to the point were the phonetic alphabet entered the Greek culture and transformed the Greeks sense system to something that no other known media can do – transformed it so one sense took complete control over the others. In fact one sense ruled everything. There he was with the technique that I A Richards had showed him related to poetry – you study how poetry effects you personally, how the psyche is affected. McLuhans idea was now to use that technique on environment, or to find out if there maybe were laws that all media followed? 
Today's scientists reads Nature with the help of electron accelerators in a world built on the atom (the Greeks were the first to define the atom and give it its name). The model I learned in school was described as an impenetrable small lump where electrons rushed round and round. (4) High School described the atom as a tiny hard-nosed mini lump with a fluffy cloud that electron spun inside. Lacking explanation were the electron goes when it "disappear of existence" (when it shift energy level). Explanation is still missing today? 
The closest one might describe the atom of today, is a non-substantial matter which consist of information – so it's more like a thought. Then it means that not only the description of the atom is language based but also the content of the atom is language based. The content of speech is thought. (And speech, is the content of writing, etc.) 
The content of a media is also a media, the old media. What affects us when we come in contact with a media is the medium itself and not so much its content. How would we describe the medium in itself? It's hard since it is always the content we actually see, that the real medium is "hiding" behind. 
Water is a medium who's content is fish. University is a medium who's content is students. It is not so difficult? It is the beginning of a new way to find out what effect different media has on us. In a world were electronic media has instantaneous control over us at the speed of light. Research in general has until today been focused how content in media affects us. If you approach the problem in that way you will just get confusion. Everything will become a mess as long as you study content instead of processes! To see how a media affects us we have study the underlaying process to see what it does to us, how the organization is affected and how people experience their environment compared to the former one. 
If we return to Robert Logan then we'll see how we came from non-verbal to a verbal community. What was behind the change, how it occurred and what it means for the new human. Logan mean that Homo sapiens are born at the same moment he learns to talk. This is the "missing link" between man and ape; when the brain get a language. Logan describes it as:"mind = brain + language". 
Let's look more closely at it. Our basic idea is the same; when a non-linear system becomes overloaded, it will move to a higher level. We are 100,000 to 150,000 years back in time. You can see how developed a culture is by studying its art and the first art is the cave paintings. You can also see how high level of language those cultures had through their art and we know that cave paintings didn't exist before speech was firmly established. Marshall McLuhan in "Understanding Media": 
”It is the extension of man in speech that enables the intellect to detach itself from the vastly wider reality. Without language, Bergson suggests, human intelligence would have remained totally involved in the objects of its attention. Language does for intelligence what the wheel does for the feet and the body. It enables them to move from thing to thing with the greatest ease and speed and ever less involvement. Language extends and amplifies man but it also divides his faculties. His collective consciousness or intuitive awareness is diminished by this technical extension of consciousness that is speech.” 
(1,5,6) What was it that became overloaded in the non-verbal society? What made us take the step to develop a language? The reasons are mainly a combination of three. The humans had since long made different tools for the daily life. We know that to get a good result you had to follow a sequential order when you make the tool. The fire is another part of everyday life, and the second cause of the emergence of a language. Around the fire place people gathered and social bonds tied, in security from wild animals and monster out in the dark. The third reason for development of language is in the hunting were mimics was used to describe where the prey was, if it was big or small etc. A few occasional sound was probably also uttered now and then? Hand signals, body language, facial expressions and guttural sounds are different ways to create attention. 
They lived in a world of perception in a world were the senses is everything. There are no thoughts on what's next week ... or whatever it may be. They lived in a instant now ruled by percepts. When the stomach growl you went hunting, when you're tired, you'll sleep. A constant awareness that wild animals could attack must have been. To a large extent the humans function as animals, one reacts to what comes into the senses. 
The fire and improved hunting tools made the economy grow and more persons could survive in the group. Which led to tension between people and eventually the system was overloaded? And from that tremendous stress, or chaos, is the human language born. What was needed was something that could predict and prevent problems. For that you need something to describe things with. It wasn't enough to just react on sensory input any longer. Problems needed to be handled in a more smooth way.  And they managed to gather all the experience of for example water in a concept and wrap all those concepts into something that we call "words". 
Concepts can describe temporal and spatial dimensions, be reproductively and abstract. Concept can be combined with other concepts, creating new variations. The physical concepts will be our first words and they act as a kind of strange "attractor" to all the impressions we have of that object. The water we showered in, drunk of, swum in, dived into, or floated on etc ... Everything we name water when we relate to the physical component water is considered to be the same. But when we say water, we relate to our private experience of all water we ever known. Meanwhile the one we direct us to relate his private experience to water, which is of course different to our experience? 
And the word water can not be experienced or having exactly the same meaning twice. The meaning changes constantly according to the context in which we relate the words, as well as the medium we utter the word in. The word is not only ours, because we have inherit it from the culture we belong to. 
One thing must be clearly differentiated says Robert K. Logan and that is the spoken language and the conceptual thinking. Logan says: (6) 
”The spoken word, as we shall see, is the actual medium or mechanism by which concepts are expressed or represented. We must be very careful at this juncture to make sure that we do not formulate the relationship of spoken language and conceptual thought as a linear causal one. Language did not give rise to concepts nor did concepts give rise to language, rather human speech and conceptualization emerged at exactly the same point in time creating the conditions for their mutual emergence. Language and conceptual thought are auto-catalytic and the dynamically linked parts of a dynamic cognitive system, namely, the human mind.” 
Some linguists argue whether it was the word or concept which came first, but it is less important. Again Robert Logan: 
”To my way of thinking the word is the concept and the concept is wrapped in a word encased in a phonological utterance.” 
The words means that the brain can put a lot of impressions (perceptions) in a box, the concept-box, and get more order of the world. Concept is a kind of virtual perception where you "almost" can experience the real impressions of the world without having to go there. Gradually a small lexicon of words is collected and when new words are needed the humans invent them by combining the old ones or "playing" with words until new words are born. Abstract thinking became now possible and abstract concepts required additional words not based on physical impressions. The lexicon grew larger and the Grammar which is based on sequential order came from the fact that the brain already was prepared by the sequential tool making process, also organization of social life is a sequential processes. Learning of facial expressions and other physical forms of language is based on doing things in a certain order. 
We have finally reached the goal. We have become the talking man, which means according to Robert Logan the following steps have occurred (6): 
”In summary, the emergence of language represents three bifurcations: 
(1) the bifurcation from percepts to concepts, 
(2) the bifurcation from brain to mind, and 
(3) the bifurcation from archaic Homo sapiens to full fledged human beings, Homo sapiens  sapiens. 
These three bifurcations are not necessarily simultaneous.” 
Homo Sapiens' solution with integration of a software system has survived unlike the Neanderthals, who tried with an expansion of the hardware, i.e, the brain size but it was not an optimal solution, and they died out. 
(5), Noam Chomsky has been the leading person in linguistics for several decades. He is mostly recognized for the discovery of the humans underlying Universal Grammar (UG). He also believes that the UG is hard-coded into the human brain which probably is wrong. He formulates his model in the realm of logic and mathematics but since it has been established by Gödel's theorem that there is always an uncertainty in mathematical logical systems, the part that the brain is hard-coded must be considered as not proven at all. Nature is extremely poor on hard coding instead flexibility is its signature. 
Let us take a look at two fields that are closely related to languages namely culture and altruism. Archaeological excavations have shown that access to energy-rich diet (meat) and an equitable distribution of food, helps societies to reach a higher level of development. Food distribution is a sort of altruism. Altruism is characterized by concern of well-being to individuals without family bonds. in According to Darwin's laws there is no altruism in Nature by law but he relate to it about 70 times in his The Descent of Man. Still there is an abundance of altruistic behavior in Nature. Altruism between humans is explained by the fact that we because of speech lives in a symbolic culture. We are linked together by the symbolic language. The symbols consist of words and symbolizes concepts. The concept contains all common notions and therefore we can reach an area that is outside of Nature, namely - Culture. In Culture, we can express altruism. Not only is altruism a fact, but it can be shown that altruism, speech and culture catalyzes each others development. Thus Robert Logan expands his definition of The Mind to include culture as follows: 
”mind = brain + language + culture”. 
Man has now extended his "family" to include all those who know the symbols. Language is often used to reveal if you are a member of the group. For example, a special language has developed among prisoners, to protect themselves and reveal those who are considered to be cheaters. All societies have a system to expose "cheaters". Coupled with the fact that all interactions between people are based in one or another form of exchange of information which in essential is an altruistic act, we are led to the following conclusion according to professor Logan: 
(5) ”We have just learned that the emergence of speech required a system of speech to detect cheaters. This leads us to the conclusion that speech, reciprocal altruism and the detection of cheaters must have co-evolved and emerged together as an auto-catalytic system.” 
Logan continues: 
(5) ”By defining the culture of each individual in the society as an organism, not only do we meet Kauffman's criteria that an organism catalyzes its own reproduction but we are able to consider the evolution of this organism using Darwin's simple on-line definition of evolution, namely, ”descent with modification”. By descent Darwin meant reproduction. The only way we can speak of a culture reproducing itself is by considering the culture of each individual in the society as an organism. Then, as was the case with the language of individuals, the inheritance or descent is not diploidy but polyploidy of parents, siblings, peers, teachers, relatives, and society in general. One can now apply the concept of natural selection to the culture organism of each individual in a society. 
But what are we to make of the society as a whole? It is not an organism because it cannot reproduce itself. The solution to this dilemma is simple and parallels the way we treated the language of a society. The culture of the society is not an organism but a species whose member conspecifics are the culture of the individuals comprising the society. Just as conspecifics of a biological species are able to reproduce among themselves, the conspecifics of a cultural species are able to communicate with each other, cooperate, collaborate, and share certain basic values and assumptions.” 
The culture reproduces itself thus in every child when the child starts to understand the world, it's culture being transmitted by all people the child interacts with. 
Another interesting and exact description of culture as a superorganism is presented by Logan in "The Extended Mind": 
”Just as societies of social insects such as ants, bees, and termites may be regarded as biological superorganisms (Wilson 1971), Donald (2001, 151-3) hints at the notion that human cultures may be regarded as biological superorganisms. There is something to be said about the way a cultural collectivity acts as though it has a life of its own, but as Donald (ibid) points out, it is not conscious of itself – but then neither is a superorganism like an ant colony. Although our cultural inheritance resides in our mind, we are most often unaware of it as it guides our choices and actions much the same way a fish is unaware of the water in which it lives and acts. Each action or choice we make is a figure embedded in the ground of our culture. We are aware of the figure but not the ground, which melts into our consciousness and is taken for granted.” 
(5) It is obvious that without people there is no cultures and from the above, one can understand that the survival cultures must adapt to the human brain in the best possible way. A feature of man is that he takes what is easiest to implement. It means that those parts that is too complicated in a culture will be ignored when a simpler solution finds its way. Our language can in the same way as cultures be defined as an organism. Both the language and the culture adapts itself to man much more than the reversed case - and nowadays it goes faster and faster. 
I had an eye-opening conversation with an open-minded 27-year-old Belgian guy, 2010. I had just told him how impressed I was by his generation. That they differed in several areas compared to previous generations, for example that their empathy is much higher, they have no racist tendencies, and they are so amazingly fast in handling electronic media. He answered: 
"My generation? No, no you are not quite right. When I am with those friends who are nineteen or twenty years old, I have to tell them to slow down - to explain things I don't understand? It's them you're talking about, those who grew up with the Internet, they are super fast. " 
The generation he's talking about is today, 2014, approximately twenty-five years old – the Internet Generation. Two months ago, I met a 22 year old Italian guy telling me following: 
"I am basically grown up with Internet, I mean I have never seen an entire TV program. But me and my friends are not particularly fast if we compare with our younger brothers. My youngest brother is ten years and I can't keep up when he and his friends communicate, they have a quite different language, more simplified, compared to what me and my friends use. We are fast but they are super fast." 
Symbolism as art-form came in simultaneously with the Telegraph and is the language the above generation uses in its communications. Marshall McLuhan says that if "all the writers were forced to write every word in stone, and got to use twelve words per year, the quality of the language would go, up, up ... up." It is today's ten-year old kids he's talking about - the Internet Generation. 
Somebody put up an interactive display in a slum area, and bolted it to the wall. A hidden camera revealed that it didn't take very long before the kids understood its function, to them a brand new technology - and it was the five year old who taught the ten year olds how to do? It's somewhere out on the web? 
(25) In Marshall McLuhan's "The Gutenberg Galaxy", we find the following statement by Iona and Peter Opie from their book "The Lore and Language of School Children": 
”And the folklorist and anthropologist can, without traveling a mile from his door, examine a thriving unselfconscious culture (the word 'culture' is used here deliberately) which is as unnoticed by the sophisticated world, and quite as little affected by it, as is the culture of some dwindling aboriginal tribe living out its helpless existence in the hinterland of a native reserve. Perhaps, indeed, the subject is worthy of a more formidable study than is accorded it here. As Douglas Newton has pointed out: 'The word-wide fraternity of children is the greatest of savage tribes, and the only one which shows no sign of dying out.” 
Previously we said that the Universal Grammar can not be hard-coded in the human brain, but that there exist a UG there is no doubt about, and that it is linked to natural selection through our brain function follows from what has been said above (if we replace the word "culture" with the word "language" in the organism description). From this follows that we also have a Universal Culture, the similarities are obvious when we study our worlds cultures, when one looks at the fundamental deep connections. To give one of more than a hundred examples; all cultures - without exception - has developed children's music. All cultures sings to their children. 
Our societies economic policies may be described using the organism described above. In Donald Brown's book "Human Universals", he uses the name "Universal People", UP, for the representation of our universal culture. A lovely name for us humans on our planet. He has found many basic similarities. Robert Logan in "The Extended Mind": (5) 
“I have suggested earlier that if we treat the language of each individual as an organism à la Christiansen (1994) this can explain the regularities of the world's languages as formulated by the Universal Grammar. I then extended this idea to treat the culture of each individual as an organism, which led to the idea of cultural regularities, which I labeled Universal Culture. If we now generalize once again and regard economic polities as organisms that evolved so as to be easily acquired by a society, we have an explanation of the universal forms of the family-group camp and village, the “big man” collectivity, chiefdoms, and the state. Not all villages, “big man” collectivities, chiefdoms and states are identical, just as not all languages or cultures are totally identical either but certain regularities can be discerned in the patterns of polities, as Johnson and Earle (1987) have demonstrated.” 
Let me close with Donald Brown in "Universal People" from Robert Logan's "The Extended Mind" (5) 
”The Universal People (UP) are aware of this uniqueness (i.e. their possession of culture) and posits a difference between their way – culture – and the way of nature. A very significant portion of UP culture is embodied in their language, a system of communication without which their culture would necessarily be very much simpler. With language the UP think about and discuss both their internal states and the world external to each individual … With language, the UP organize, respond to, and manipulate the behavior of their fellows … UP language is of strategic importance to those who wish to study the UP. This is so because their language is, if not precisely a mirror of, then at least a window into, their culture and into their minds and action.” 
We have seen how language originated and how it led to the written language, which took us to the other four languages, mathematics, science, computer, and finally the Internet? We concluded that both language, culture and economic organization can be seen as biological organisms or superorganisms and we explained how altruism, language and recognition of cheaters arose together and work together in auto-catalytic systems, spirals without end. We saw that the spoken language is the missing link between Homo sapiens and Homo sapiens sapiens, when our brains software solution created a mind, called "Manas" in Sanskrit or "Mens" in Latin. The result is shown in the formula: mind = brain + language and because the culture is so fundamentally tied to the human being it can't be ignored, the final formula is: "mind = brain + language + culture." (6) 
We have seen, and those with their common sense intact, know that there are deep cultural harmony between all cultures on the planet - and in today's world, they all embrace each other in the "global village" that the electrical grid creates. We have, literally, stepped into the quantum world with our nervous system. We can be present not only at two but at any number of places at the same moment. The electrical circuit has become our nervous system's real extension. 
It can be difficult to embrace this approach especially if you belong to the older generation, the literary generation. But if you take your time and have a general interest in the world and its processes you can very well become acquainted with Marshall McLuhans theories. It is worse for those graduates who's been stuffed full of sequential "facts". As a literary person you'll become individualistic because you have learned how to separate the world between thought and action. Schizophrenia is born. The media has massaged you into a particular world-view, a view were time is continuous and all things fragmented. 
McLuhan wrote to the young generation and to "ordinary people", he always said. He also said that they can more easily understand what he's talking about. He used a symbolic language which nowadays has become the normality. A short symbolic language which electric media creates and in todays world ten year olds refines it every microsecond when their minds are intertwined in the electronic network that envelops our planet - at the speed of light in glass-fiber. All is One. Philosophy celebrates triumph after triumph. 
One of the first sign of change came in the middle of the 60-ties, at the time when my girlfriends began to use mini skirt? Mini skirt didn't mean more sexy society. The mini skirt was actually a sign that we were about to change our view on sex. Change meaning of the word sex. From a meaning the word had held since about 250 years back meaning being tempted and aroused by sex. But now this word were all of a sudden transforming its meaning, to the meaning it always had had; friendly, comfortable, amiable or just a signification to gender, man and woman. And the mini skirt was the sign that Unisex had arrived. Mini skirt has always been used by the native tribes by both man and woman, and when it re-emerges in our time it follows McLuhan's laws of media. 
What had occurred was that "free sex” had been pushed to its limit by extreme sexual liberation the decades earlier, and as Marshall McLuhan reveals; when something reaches its limit, it will turn into its opposite. It's expressed in McLuhan's Wake as: 
”Too much of anything, however sweet, will always bring the opposite of whatever you thought you were getting.” 
So in our solitary, individualistic, mechanical, technological world, we want to have maximum mechanical, technical, individualistic, romantic sex but receives the opposite - a casual relationship that involves us in an organic and complete way. The same relation that indigenous people have to sex. Tribal People and Nature are Unisex. Mini skirt is unisex. The mini skirt phenomena follows the third law of media (which follows below); The mini skirt is retrieved from the Tribe our culture lived in several thousand years ago. It's still there, deep down in our cultural layers. So the mini skirt is a clear sign of our changed view on sex. The breakthrough occurred in full accordance with McLuhans fourth media law. 
The Media Laws can in the shortest way be described as follows: (3) 
“(1) That every medium exaggerates, enlarge or enhance some function. (Spectacles exaggerate or enlarge or enhance the visual function.) 
(2) They obsolesce another function. 
(3) They retrieve a much older function. 
(4) And they flip into the opposite form when pushed to its limit (which will appear sooner or later).” 
We saw above, an example of the fourth media law which comes into force when the media has been pushed to an overload of information, to its limit. All media without exception, sooner or later will reach a limit and flip over. (In this world nothing is hard-coded.) 
The above laws can be applied to everything created by man in the universe. But not on Nature as for example bird nest or spider web. Everything is media and most media has a content. The content of a medium is always the old medium (which makes it so difficult to uncover how the media affects us). Normal people can only see contents and are focused on that instead of the invisible processes of the underlying media we also are exposed to. 
There is one important media that lack content. Today's most important media; Electricity. 
McLuhan says in "McLuhan's Wake": (3) 
”Electric media obsolesce the visual, the connected, the logical, the rational.” 
Let's continue to take a look on the "new" electric world we live in today and what it has outdated from the old civilized, literary world. "The Eternal Now" by Lewis H. Lapham: 
(8) "McLuhan aligns with the ascendancy of the printed word during the four centuries between Johan Gutenberg's invention of printing with movable type and Thomas Edison's invention of the electric light; the meanings in the right hand column he associates with the sensibility now known as postmodern. 

Print.…..........................................Electronic Media 
visual.............................................tactile 
mechanical....................................organic 
sequence........................................simultaneity 
composition...................................improvisation 
eye.................................................ear 
active.............................................reactive 
expansion......................................contraction 
complete........................................incomplete 
soliloquy........................................chorus 
classification..................................pattern recognition 
center.............................................margin 
continuous.....................................discontinuous 
syntax............................................mosaic 
self-expression..............................group therapy 
Typographic man..........................Graphic man” 

(9) What led to these transformations was electricity, electronic media, first the telegraph but first of all may be the television. We can see that the young generation basically don't have any common language with their parents. Their parents have a brain structure linked to a literary culture – visual, sequential and mechanical. While their children, the long-haired hippie in the sixties (today 60 year olds) were listening, present improvisers, who preferred the group instead of emphasizing the ego. Group therapy, discontinuity and organic solutions is their menu, and the parents didn't understand? What had they done wrong? More distance between two consecutive generations have never been. A foretaste of the "mismatch" that the hippie represents was expressed in movies with James Dean and Marlon Brando. Picturing young men who in absence of an identity - seeks the solutions in crime and violence. 
All criminals are lost identities. Crimes is performed primarily to find an identity – not to make money. History shows that another way to get an identity is by violence. 
A group that often lack goal in life is the rich. Films such as "The Graduate" or "If" demonstrates it clearly. And the rich seem to more often use violence and destruction to gain an identity. An interesting comparison is to study what happens at the other end of the scale. When a poor man becomes "poorer than poor," when poverty turns him into what Victor Hugo describes in "Les Misérables." The moment arrives when you are so poor that you no longer is able to give. In that moment when this fundamental human need no longer can be satisfied the person will turn into a hateful and violent person. The similarity is obvious with the rich who has become "richer than rich" (he also cannot give). It is striking that our societies today creates these two extremes in abundance and in an accelerating rate. 
The poor and/or rich youth gangs acting with violence often chooses a solution that has death as a component. Without any goals and lost identities they are cut of from life. By including death as part of the solution ones existence comes more close to life. The proximity of death allows one to return to experience what it means to be alive. 
Meanwhile, we are with giant leaps on the way back to "The Tribe". The Tribe we left when we began to involve our mind in the lonely world of mechanical "encoding and decoding, reading and writing". In the Tribe you're One humming on the same theme; of equity, altruism and common solutions. The group's richness lays in its mosaic of diversity and racism belongs to the dying literary medium. Empathy is now the strength. Around the campfire, which now is the Screen, stories are told and listened to. The ear without limit and the mosaic world makes strict lines and column patterns uncomfortable. Many young are unable to participate in the sequential society. Where the previous generation accustomed and spent a whole lonely life, todays generation have to force themselves to stay for a few weeks or months. But you cannot be rebellious to the Tribe – that is not allowed. So the question is – how wide is our freedom inside the Global Tribe? 
The schools has lost contact with reality if they ever had it? The new generation educate the parents, for the first time in history? Teachers incorporated in a system created by people who do not meet the students and believe the languages, mathematics and science is what we all are in need of. Internet gives an insight into processes while todays schools express opinions. The Internet Generation is only interested in processes. And ADHD is spreading like an epidemic when a whole generation is forced back to an ancient world. It has been declared war on them by the literates. It's impossible to go back to the literary world, the door is barred. You can only go the other way. We will all move away from the literary world and become more and more involved in the electric medium, and thus return to the tribal media world, and to the Global Tribe. It is impossible to remain in the literary world even if we refuse to concern ourselves with Internet, or never even used a computer - we still are affected by electricity and by those who already are members of the new Tribe. We can't really do anything about it. If we take away the electricity, altogether, maybe it could work? Kerosene lamps and Gutenberg! 
(9) We've heard that Internet first was used by the military and then given to the academic world. It's not quite right. U.S. Air Force rejected the basic Internet solution without trying it; therefore, it was the academic world who first used the system. A secure system that "can withstand a nuclear attack". In todays system the basic function is still the same but there has been a tremendous development or rather the Internet has been built up - by the hacker community. 
In the hacker community you win respect for extraordinary programming solutions to complex problems. As little code as possible is the beauty. You program for the fun and to win respect. When someone tries to steal, what's been achieved by volunteering work, they will be attacked. Microsoft is exposed and there is of course a reason. I use Linux, where open source code is the solution. Two thirds of the worlds web servers uses Apache software, also open source. Linux is about to take over the world. Transparency is the winner in the new world. Patent and copyright is the old world. Fundamental parts of the old world is shaking but refuses to give up. 
An important part of the Internet are independent organizations working for social interaction between people. Where people exchange ideas and information, socializing, and were our social interaction continues. Our brains can't distinguish between the physical world and "cyberspace", the brain will learn the same things in both worlds. The same synapses activates when we think back on an event that occurred during the day as when it actually happened. The same synapses activates if the experience is in cyberspace or in three-dimensional space. What is then reality? Another basic human need is by the way to be physically touched. (4) 
Finally there is a large group on the Internet who works for the money. Those who sell their solutions. 
Hackers, open source and social media oriented, all volunteers, have created something that is used by the commercial industry to earn big money. There is however a clear difference between the commercial companies. The companies who went in to Internet with methods based on monopolies and patent ruling in order to "take the whole market" failed miserably. Those companies that had reigned for long time with copyrights, patents and slave contracts lost in almost everything on Internet. Their organization didn't function in the new world. They rather saw how the new world ignored patents and copyrights. Patents that many times had been used not to push development forward but to hold it back. An example of the latter is the electric car that was good enough for commercial use in the late 80s. The electric car has been scrapped more than once (about 5 different well functioning solutions has been destroyed) by the oil industry. Today those companies sign contracts with their employees that all inventions that emerge are owned solely by the companies, not by the employee. The sign their own downfall. 
"You shape your tools and they shape you." First slowly while you embrace the new and amazing! The more people using this "new", the greater control is taken by the medium. What started as a tool will sooner or later take over and reshape the users. Finally, it is you who is redesigned and controlled by what you thought you could control? After eons of time, or after just five hundred years the limit is reached and the medium flips into its opposite. What that now can be? 
It has long been in the interest of monopolies and cartels to control information. Information control is power. Internet out-dates this thinking since all information is free for all. (10) Sweden showed clearly that they still belong to the old world when they sentenced Pirate Bay to prison time in a least to say "questionable" trial. Sweden will definitely be behind countries that are participating in the new world. Behind countries that support free flow of information. Cartels and monopolies are out-dated but they still have power, and their terror scares. They try to keep power by lobbying, bribing and by secret negotiations. 
United States has been controlled by cartels and monopolies for a long time, by the trans-national companies. People at policy level work in the state administration during a period of 5-10 years, then they move into the private industry and implement the legislative changes they made when they worked in the administration. Often enriching themselves and the private business world. The taxpayers pays. 
(11) The system appears to support those who makes a lot of mistakes; the greater mistakes they make in the government administration, the higher up in the hierarchy they will go. Those who made the grossest mistakes ends up in the government and obtain great power. It is clear that they are sought after by the system. The rich one (1) percent in the system gains huge benefit of the mistakes this people make. It's a way to transfer ordinary peoples money to the rich. The taxpayers always pays and the rich collect often twice, first when the scam is done and then when the repair is done. One person who have made mistakes in everything he's done and thus has made it all the way is Timothy Geitner who ended up as finance ministers (Secretary of the Treasury). One of many names, but perhaps one of the best example. 
(11) Professor William Black University of Missouri, a former bank regulator who took part in the unveiling of the savings and loan fraud in the late 80's were a certain Mr. Keating and others were sentenced to prison, Black tells us that; "Geitner has been a failure at pretty much everything he has done in life. Most institutions that destroyed the {US} economy were under his direct regulatory authority. 
Question: How did he got the job as Treasury Secretary? 
Black; By completely screwing up his job as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
Q: It makes no sense? 
Black: Of course, it makes perfect sense. This is not new to Washington. People who would give you the wrong answers - but the answer you want - are invaluable and they often get promoted precisely because they are willing to say - and do - absurd things". 
This shows that there is a plan of change when Geitner is there. If not? Why do you give such a person the most important jobs in the government? We know how incompetent he's been; Everything he touched collapsed - seen from ordinary people's view. Those who lost their life savings and those who had to pay the costs, the 80 percent. Geitner was Obamas first Secretary of the Treasury. 
The United States is the only country in the world whose social structure was built after Gutenberg's printing technology came out. Therefore, there is no cultural background in the civilized American society which reach back to a culture before civilization. Civilization is a result of the literary media (phonetic alphabet combined with Gutenberg) and nothing else. Since there is only a fraction left of the native tribes we can't say that it will be enough for the traces back to a former tribal society. All other countries has cultural traces back before civilization. United States as a society can't generally find those traces to "The Tribe" because there are no traces left (approximative 10 millions, were killed when civilization entered the northern part of the continent America). The medium electricity is the main reason why we in the modern world are on the way to something reminiscent of where we were before we became civilized, on the way back to a Tribe. McLuhan often talks about the above dilemma for United States. 
Internet is under constant attack from those who lost control of the market because of Internet. They want to control the freedom of the users who share information by restricting Internet and they are prepared to go far. Creating laws which render long prison terms for those who dare to break their laws. 
But that may be the spark that makes the Internet Generation to take to the streets for a final protest? The cartels are playing with fire, but what can they do? They know that Internet is the main reason they are losing power. But nobody dare to close down the Internet because it will lead to riots. In that case their power is lost in a few days, hours or weeks. And they can't participate in the new world because they don't understand it. And it is even worse if it end in an anarchistic solution, a solution which suits the new generations way of seeing the world quite well? They don't belong to a small local native tribe, they and everybody belong to the "Global Tribe". At the same time the one (1) percent desperately tries to grab as much possible. Without control? Just robbing! 
The American spy organizations was once created to protect people against the outside world, but of course also was used to steal other countries' secrets so they could be controlled. CIA, NSA, FBI, and DIA is in short the government's innermost core, which controls all sensitive information. They could never in their wildest fantasy imagined that within near future they would share information with each other? But the day was coming. The day everything started was 9/11. 
Osama bin Laden has been seen as the mastermind behind the 9/11 attack, but it is not really right. Osama was the one who paid for everything. He had a huge supply of money and Osama was a guy who had a need to brag and he talked a lot, shown by Adam Curtis (12) in his documentary "the Power of Nightmares". 
Neither Osama bin Laden, Islamic Jihad leader Ayman Zawahiri, or the man who hatched the idea to fly the airplane into World Trade Center, Khalid Sheik Muhammad, I believe, had the faintest idea what this attack would lead to. There has been much speculation and conspiracy theories has been in the air probably more than for any other event in history. Speculations that the attack should have been directed by vice president Cheney from the White House. Sure, both Bush and Cheney behaved strange when they were going to testify to the 9/11 Commission? The Commission had a kind of strange policy and a close friend of the Bush family was put as president, Philip Zelikow. And some events haven't received a reasonable explanation yet? Why Building 7 suddenly collapse like a house of cards without being hit by anything at all? 
The reason for Bush and Cheneys reactions can be explained with that they in two days uncover a terrorist network with branches in more than 60 countries, etc. Built on lies, built on data FBI had got an enemy to bin Laden to testify on – seven, eight months earlier. Data made up by FBI for one reason only; they wanted to be able to sentence bin Laden for the bombings against two American Embassies in Africa in 1998. In order to do that they had to tie bin Laden to an organization. Then they could use the laws that was implemented to nail the mafia leaders in the United States fifty years earlier. It's not prohibited in the US to donate money to organizations. But can it be shown that you are a member of the organization, then you are trapped, even if you haven't participated at the crime scene. At Manhattan New York, they sentenced Osama bin Laden in his absence in early 2001 on the information given by the person who received protected identity and economic support from FBI. FBI got the crucial evidence that made Osama bin Laden member of that special organization and for the first time the name occurs – Al Qaeda. 
These lies is two days after 9/11 presented as the truth to the paralyzed American people. There has never been an organization, as documentary filmmaker Adam Curtis shows, named Al Qaeda before it was brought up at the trial in January 2001. Nowadays everybody relate their actions to Al Qaeda. It brings the attention they want and United States gets what they want. 
Not one person could ever be linked to Al Qaeda in Afghanistan despite the fact that English SWAT team with long experience of terrorist hunting in Ireland helped to look. The did not find one! And that the White House did not know who was behind 9/11, is clearly demonstrated below. 
(14) Philip J. Crowley was responsible as "the Assistant Secretary of the State for Public Affairs," when WikiLeaks came out with nearly half a million documents handed over by Bradley Manning. From the documentary "We Steal Secrets, The Story of WikiLeaks". Crowley responds to the question; Why Manning had access to so much secret material?: 
“9/11. Very simple,” is his straight answer. 
J William Leonard, US Government, 'Classification Czar "2002-2008, continues: “The mindset change after 9/11 from a need to know to a need to share, and the database that he {Manning} had access to was a representation of the need for one entity of the government to share broadly information about its activities with another agency of the government.” 
The reason for this revolutionary U-turn shows the desperation. Desperation to find out who the enemy is and how he thinks. They don't know anything! The system is pushed to the limit. We all know about the American intelligence games since the Second World War end. Was the system flipping over into it's opposite? Well, the government restricted its information to the average citizens even more? The new idea was that organizations must share informations with other organizations in the administration. (One can imagine what would happened in the days of J Edgar Hoover?) 
But more classified material than ever came into the hands of the ordinary citizen. As many as four million persons had access to the secret documents and of course it is impossible to prevent leaks from all those. One leak was Bradley Manning. And then Edward Snowden. The American people got more information than ever from the system and the whole world had the same access to the material. One thing lead to another and in the last days of 2010 the "Arab Spring" breaks out in North Africa, where the United States loses the leaders they had controlled for such a long time. 
One also have to be aware that the neocons worked hard in organizations such as Freedom House and various NGOs to direct American politics or just bring it to a halt. During the Clinton's days they formed a shadow government and prepared the changes that subsequently was implemented during Bush Jr. presidency. "The Democratic Freedom Fighters" was working tirelessly to save the world. 
The flow of information about US politics to the common man had never been greater. Ordinary people understood why their leaders hadn't deliver during so many years; they had been corrupted by the United States. The same administration who literally slaughtered Muslim brothers. The world had come to a change and most surprised  was perhaps Osama bin Laden? The last time we saw a similar popular support as the Arab Spring was in Iran when the Shah had to leave. 
So, the United States administration did not participate in any 9/11 conspiracy. The fact that they later utilizes the events to gain enormous benefits is a different story. To start a second war against Iraq in order to gain control over the world's second largest oil reserves had been planned for long. A war that will come to pay private contractors for a variety of missions. Companies owned by the one (1) percent. Vice president Cheneys plan was that when Iraq had been built up and Iraq had paid its war debts to the United States and England, then the future incomes from the oil concessions in Iraq should be taken out tax free by American contractors. Companies exempt from tax, both in Iraq and in the US. American companies serving with everything from hamburgers to Hummers with American personnel as workers. The Iraqis should just pay with their oil money. The Shock Doctrine (15) by the journalist and author Naomi Klein shows the whole process clearly. 
There are two players ten years after 9/11 who emerges as the final combatants? One is the desperate representatives for a world that is about to disappear. They will push the system to an ultimate war. A war in which their own soldiers no longer dies on the battlefield. 
The other combatant began as a practical joke association which over time lead to the "worst" ever shown or done on the Internet. 
The first combatant does everything to hide their actions while the second show all actions. The first group claims to represent the right to own and protect information. The other combatants view of information is that it is free and belongs to everyone. The first combatant show their faces but conceal their actions. The second hide their faces but none of their actions. Let us begin looking more closely at what 9/11 transformed in the first group. Those who had been looked down on for a long time in the inner political circles in the United States will gain total power again; The Neocons. 

THE ULTIMATE WAR STRIKES BACK. 
The neocon philosophy was created in the 1970s by a philosopher at the "University of Chicago", professor Leo Strauss. (13) "Strauss had nothing against the liberal society's good points. His idea was that you should be able to control the constant questioning of boundaries that followed from the freedom if you created a moral framework in society that involved people. A framework built on fundamental moral issues. The struggle between evil and good. It was just myths but inspired people to involve themselves and therefor they would forget to challenge the real limits of freedom. The school system was perfect to create the "necessary illusions" of the framework with "Religion" and "Nation". This philosophy was successfully used during Reagan's presidency. The mistake was that they defeated the chosen enemy. At least they believed it was them that put Soviet communism to an end (it would have ended anyway)? It would prove to be a serious mistake (comparable to when the sadist by mistake kills the masochist?). 
When Bush Sr. came to power he "inherited" parts of the neoconservative politicians from Reagan but Bush Sr. had not the neocon view of the world. His thoughts were more in Kissinger's direction which meant that; separation of powers creates a kind of balance in which each country can largely take care of themselves (as long as the Grand Area goals are met). Bush Jr. also expressed that attitude in his election campaign, ten years later? They were not inclined to create policies by portraying themselves as "Democratic Freedom Fighters" of the world as the neoconservatives did during the Reagan era. Bush Jr. had more neocons in his administration than his father which may be because he was focused on winning the Christian vote. The neocons had good contact with the Christian leaders. That was crucial for Reagan when he won his first election. When for the first time in the American history the Christian movements went into politics. 
1998, two American embassies in Africa was bombed. Two extreme bombs killed more than 200 persons and injured a lot more. Clinton started the hunt on the perpetrators and they found out that it was Ayman Zawahiri, leader of Islamic Jihad who was behind, with bin Laden as financier. (Islamic Jihad was the group that carried out the spectacular shooting of President Sadat at a military parade.) The trial on Zawahiri and Osama bin Laden begins at Manhattan, New York, just as Bush Jr. is sworn in as United States president in January 2001. 
Of course the Bush administration is focused on fighting the terrorism. Ronald Reagan declared his mission to fight “International Terrorism” opposed to Carters "Human Rights". Terrorism is the perfect "illusion" for Leo Strauss framework. 
Bush inherits Richard Clarke, the highest officer in the war against terrorism, from Clinton and Clarke is given the top post in the National Security Council (NSC). Clarke has long experience in the field and was engaged already at Reagan's time. A hawk advocating covert action. Rumsfeld who is the Secretary of Defense is totally focuses on attacking Saddam Hussein. It still grieves him that Bush Sr let Sadam Hussein 1991 go free. Rumsfeld had never forgiven Bush Sr giving back all the riches to Iraq to resolve it themselves? Iraq is the world's second largest source of oil after Saudi Arabia. 
When the neocons re-emerge the old Republican political foxes shakes upon their heads; talking about Cheney, Rumsfeld and the gang around them, as "lunatics" or bluntly "the crazy guys are back". But the lunatics hadn't been far off. They had bide the time in private companies tirelessly working to re-enter the corridors of power. At the same time they do anything to destroy Clinton's reputation and paralyze his politic. Nixon had by the way an interesting comment in 1971 about Donald Rumsfeld: 
“He's a ruthless little bastard. You can be sure of that.” 
(Richard Nixon, U.S. president, referring to Donald Rumsfeld, 1971.” Naomi Klein, the Shock Doctrine.) 
Cheney and Rumsfeld has the opinion that the United States as the worlds superpower, must hold on to its position and control the important raw materials. First - energy - from petrol to nuclear power. Metals had become important since China also is on the hunt in the same field to keep their industry going. This was nothing new really, it's the good old "Grand Area Plan". Nowadays the neoconservatives was representing the hawk idea. "At best, be able to take control of the entire planet." USA; The Democratic Freedom Fighters that saves us and the world from Evil. 
Cheney became vice president in Bush Jr government 2001 and he presents a solid work he's done at Halliburton. He sees the opportunity to make sweeping changes in the law that makes it possible to direct tax money to pay private military companies. The first project to try it out on is Iraq which he and his colleague Donald Rumsfeld had dreamed of a long time. But Cheney is breached by others with more power in the Bush administration, one of them is Colin Powell. 
During Reagan's presidency the neocons got into power with the help of a project called "Team B". It was built 100 percent on lies (according to CIA). But the neocons managed to isolate the CIA and gain control of President Reagan's policy. (13) How it happened is well described in Adam Curtis' documentary "The Power of Nightmares". Now it was 9/11 that had repossessed the power to the neocons 2001. Again with a president who seemed a bit "off side" kind of “doing and saying what he was told to?” 
The first thing we observe is the president getting unlimited power over the military. Congress did just days after 9/11 give the president the right to start all war he wanted. President Bush would then "push" the Constitution against limits never seen before and succeeds almost without exception. Rumsfeld and Cheney knew how it will be done and Bush Jr. help taking that first initial step, that is a giant leap. But the final and crucial step will later be taken by Barack Obama. The step when he as American president assassinate three American citizens without trial under the protection of presidential laws. 
President Carter had much earlier re-formulate Gerald Ford's Executive Order 11905 of 1976 so it became more precise and is read as: (16a) 
“No person employed by or acting on behalf of the United States Government shall engage in, or conspire to engage in, assassination.” 
This decision was easy to circumvent, by ordering bombing of buildings (which the person you wanted to kill was in) instead of individuals. A more serious problem was that Clinton had signed the Rome Treaty shortly before he left his presidency? The Treaty gave an opportunity for an international tribunal to be able to condemn a country for actions that would limit the ability to implement the changes Cheney wanted. So the first focus was how to nullify Clintons signature? 
Naomi Klein's book "The Shock Doctrine" describes Cheney's effectiveness as follows: 
”During the first Gulf War in 1991, there was one contractor for every hundred soldiers. At the start of the 2003 Iraq invasion, the ratio had jumped to one contractor for every ten soldiers. Three years into the U.S. occupation, the ratio had reached one to three. Less than a year later, with the occupation approaching its fourth year, there was one contractor for every 1.4 US soldier.” 
Anyone who has interest can follow it up in Naomi Klein's "The Shock Doctrine" how trillions of US dollars is paid out. It was more or less outright theft by private companies. Bush and Cheney sprinkled money over the companies and there is no way to get any kind of official note or documentation. Military secrets. It is as loosely regulations in Iraq as in the United States. The private companies makes brilliant business. The final plan is to empty Iraq on its future revenues from the oil. Catering and all kind of services is done by private companies. They'll do anything, also the most dangerous; private spy missions done by companies such as Blackwater with the right to kill. 
The Neoconservatives hates the CIA that they had failed to master during Reagan's presidency. New spy centers are therefore constructed to circumvent CIA. Counterintelligence Field Activity (CIFA) is given responsibility for the budget. Directly they put three-quarters of the budget to private companies. The companies are built as empty shells that can easily be controlled and re-modeled if anyone would get too much power. Everything is controlled from the White House by the President. Execution of American citizens without trial is nothing Bush Jr tries out. When Obama takes over the presidency the manipulation of the laws and political positions has already given the president absolute power. The most powerful presidency the United States ever have had. The Presidency has been transformed into a Monarchy or an Imperial institution. The neocons are now out of the official picture but their changes in the power structures on the Presidency will remain for long. And there are many more "crazy guys" in the private military companies. Trained killers, and former CIA people! 
(16a) Just the day before 9/11 Donald Rumsfeld held one of his first major speech at the Pentagon. He straight out accused Pentagon of being passive. He wanted to get them to start a war against Iraq. 
The following day when the Pentagon has been attacked by American Airlines Flight 77 Cheney and Rumsfeld finally got their chance for revenge on Sadam Hussein's Iraq. Ten years work and waiting was over with. The Treasury was theirs, they just had to get people to go and get it. 
When the 9/11 attack is over with, no approvals are needed from Pentagon. Colin Powell and Pentagon had lost power - to "the crazy guys". The administration had a few months earlier received warnings that something big was coming up? But since the warnings came from CIA, “the crazy guys” didn't listen. They were concentrating on Iraq. After the World Trade Center crumbled they had unlimited power after just a few days. Power to attack Iraq on their own (Presidents) decision. 
Sadam Hussein was accused of supporting al Qaeda, and being in possession of "weapons of mass destruction". “The crazy guys” refused to listen to more than themselves. They knew how to do away with the Constitution and “give the President Imperial Power”. Bush's policies has great support from shocked citizens. So, “the crazy guys” takes the opportunity and declares war on the world; "those who are not with us are our enemies". 
When Bush was sworn in as new president he seemed to a big extent to follow in Clinton foot steps. Shortly before 9/11 he gave new directive on the use of 'drones', Jeremy Scahill writes in the book "Dirty Wars": (16a) 
“A draft of a new Counter-terrorism National Security Presidential Directive (NSPD) was circulated in June. …  At one of these meetings, in August 2001, the NSC Deputies Committee had “concluded that it was legal for the CIA to kill bin Laden or one of his deputies” with a Predator drone strike.” 
The decision above must be built on what came out from the trial in Manhattan, New York, early 2001. Ayman Zawahiri and Osama bin Laden was real threats. They had been sentenced to death in the trial at Manhattan but there were still many questions to answer before you could use drones to execute the sentence. Who had the decision on the use of drones, and who was responsible for the execution. The fact was that there was no legal possibility for CIA personnel to take such decision. The organization had not wanted to give the opportunity for an CIA-agent to take decisions on executions. It was dangerous in several ways. (16a) Not mentioning the risk of scandals. Condoleezza Rice, however, considered it could be done within a time frame of three years. The laws had to be adapted slowly to avoid public protests. Now it could be done in a few weeks. 
Sharpened pencils and blank paper. New laws were written day and night. Cheney who had studied the subject for years knew exactly how it could be done. To take power over the world. But theory and reality would again mismatch. It's not the end yet, but without Cheney and Rumsfeld it would have taken considerably longer time to reach there. Will the ultimate war push the system to flip over to its opposite ... the ultimate peace? 
On 14 September 2001, President Bush receives the rights to start a global war from the Congress. This document is designated "Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF). 
Dirty Wars by Jeremy Scahill: (16a) 
”The President is authorized to use all necessary and appropriate force against those nations, organizations, or persons he determines planned, authorized, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001, or harbored such organizations or persons, in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism against the United States by such nations, organizations or persons.” 
Since there always will be someone who might be interested to attack the United States, it means they have found the perfect enemy. Perfect replacement of the "Communist horror with Terrorist horror". Enemies whose evil Hydra appears anywhere, any time. 
The CIA was used by Bush in the outset of the war. Cofer Black a CIA agent who they all faltered to listen to when he warned them and recommended them to "take out" bin Laden. Clinton avoided him and Bush didn't listen when he warned that bin Laden had new evil's coming up only a few weeks before 9/11. After 9/11 it will be Cofer Black, who will be responsible for the hunt on primarily bin Laden and Ayman Zawahiri, but also a handful of others. Black put out all missions on private contractors, like Cheney prefer. 
Cheney would prefer to avoid CIA altogether but if necessary then CIA had to perform what they were told, period. They will not be given a chance to control or stop what was going to be launched. Cheney and a loyal group of lawyers worked intensively to open up for the use of torture, killings and kidnappings and to avoid old treaties like the Geneva Convention. The group consist mainly of people who recently had been pardoned by Bush Sr for their involvement in the Iran-Contras affair. They were perfect for this kind of policy work. 
Cheney knew how the Imperial Presidency could be implemented and Bush loved to participate. Bush agreed that torturing were ok to find the truth and had always liked executions. Never pardoned any person sentenced to death when he was governor in Texas. He reminds me of the guy who loves to see the flies crawling around after he pulled their wings. Cowardly he just approved a few drone strikes. Obama has more courage and is certainly not stupid. He knows. 
The 17 September 2001 a program that is named Greystone (GST) is created. It is based on the interpretations made to the rights bestowed by the AUMF three days earlier. In the start Greystone is used to conceal killings and kidnappings performed over the world. GST is, among other things, created to keep the International Red Cross or similar organizations in the dark. Cheneys gang, "The War Council" finds the legislative transformations which makes torture, murder etc legal without risk to be accused in the future. CIA builds secret bases so-called "black sites" around the world that uses torture, from medieval to modern electrical methods. The latest is that the torture victims are dressed in diaper (same diaper for days) also while they are tortured. They are cut off from the outside world by using blindfolds and loud noises in headphones. A lot of information is conceived. The information they have been searching for - completely useless. 
(16b) Charlie Savage explains that the United States had no experience in interrogation technique when 9/11 occurred. Suddenly you had hundreds or probably thousands of persons that you wanted to get information from. To find out what they knew about Al Qaeda. 
The only organization that existed in US was SERE. An organization created during the Korean War. The reason was that the enemy somehow could force American pilots to confidently say negative things about the United States? And what they said was just lies? It turned out that the pilots had been tortured and therefore lost touch with reality. They had been brainwashed? 
SERE (Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape) formed 50 years earlier to understand what had happened to the pilots in Korea was the only military organization after 9/11 that seemed to have knowledge about how to extract information through interrogation techniques. SERE was therefore given the responsibility to educate American interrogators that in their turn should find out what Al Qaeda was? 
But during the 50 years that had passed SERE lost the essence of its knowledge: The essence that when the pilots suffered torture they lost touch with reality. They became "corrupted" in the sense that they were willing to do what the interrogators wanted. The name of the game was to find out what the interrogators wanted them to say - so that the torture ceased. The interrogators plan to what the questioning should lead to was fulfilled but there was no reality in it. That important knowledge SERE had somehow lost; that the interrogator's imagination and notion was "adopted" by the torture victims and retold - was confessed. 
Confessions from several persons showed that everything they had suspected was true. All fantasies confirmed. It is not calculated by some conspirators in the White House. It just happens. That's how you loose control. 
Several countries across the world became involved, we know today with certainty that following countries had "black sites" (16a), Thailand, Poland, Romania, Mauritania, Lithuania and Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean. In those places CIA handled all activities. While in many countries the torture chambers were "leased" including staff? Egypt (which Clinton also used), Morocco and Jordan. Later on, Iraq, Somalia Afghanistan, Yemen, Ethiopia, Kenya. CIAs role had changed from information gathering to a more active role out on the war fields. Their role, however, would decrease as other organizations took over. Highest responsibility had the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). 
Wasn't there any control from Congress over what their AUMF had led to? Yes, the president had to inform Congress about what he did but it was in the nature of things that he couldn't stand up and tell about secret missions before the entire Congress. A group of eight Congress members "the Gang of Eight" (later decimated to four) was selected and they received sporadic or no information at all? Gradually, the group shared the responsibility with the NSC and the White House to approve the list of people who was to be killed. When it was time for Obama to take over it had gone so far that only the president signed the list recommended by JSOC. JSOC now run the entire show. (Tuesdays was called "Terror Tuesdays" because it was on Tuesdays the President signed the list which then was sent over to one of the four members of Congress.) 
(16b) "Supreme Court" indecision agony gives the president almost unlimited power. He today has absolute power in: environmental and medical issues and determines who shall be employed in the administration of civil right issues. He has total control over the army and the executive branch. He controls more or less everything. 
The American Constitution is supposed to function so as the Congress propose new laws and the president either reject or adopt the law in its entirety. It has followed this pattern through ages, even though there have been presidents who used the second option. An ability to make an exception in the law by the presidents so-called "signing statements". It is only the president who can do that and it is intended for situations where the nation for various reasons is under hard pressure and must make quick decisions. President Reagan was not the first but he used more "signing statements" than any previous president had (not to forget that it was the neocon policies that Reagan came to represent). Clinton doubled it to 140 "signing statement" during his eight years. Bush Jr. and Cheney issuing more than 1.000 "signing statement" the first six years. More than all the "signing statement" made in United States history. 
Bush and Cheney do not care a bit about the Geneva Convention. They just circumvent it so no prisoners in the United States has any right to complain about their treatment. The so-called "habeas corpus" law is eliminated. They believed in a different path than the one US and the world learned from - through two World Wars. Today there are about 500 registered American private companies acting exactly as Blackwater with the right to kill. That's the new way to bring US in the front of the struggle for the raw materials. One problem is that American economy 2014 don't have enough tax money left for any war. The reason is the national debt. Still the authorities have to keep up the image that they constantly is working for the protection of the American people against the Evils in the world. Showing drones and other Spectacles. 
Rumsfeld had nursed the baby well. A baby which was born after the failure to free the American hostages from the American embassy in Iran 1980. JSOC now the most secret of all organizations within the American military. In the beginning, it was used less frequently for murder, mostly for reconnaissance mission and spying. Their policy referred shortly to Fз which stood for Find, Fix, Finish. In the war on Iraq 1991, JSOC was responsible for that Saddams SCUD missiles was not fired. But after the "Black Hawk Down" incident in Mogadishu 1993 JSOC was hibernated again, but was back guarding the World Cup in football -94 and the Olympics -96 in the US. Some years later, Clinton use them again. 1996 they are deployed along with other special groups on duty assignment in 142 countries and then it was more or less in it's infancy. JSOC is now the hub for Rumsfeld and Cheneys plan and the CIA will just obey on JSOC command. 
JSOC primary mission is no longer to support organizations at special assignments. JSOC now has the role as the leading intelligence organization, were other military units, if requested, is to support them. 
The normal constitutional order is that "The Joint Chiefs of Staff" (General Hugh Shelton at the moment) is the presidents advisers. Through him, all information to the president should be handled and prepared. Jeremy Scahill in the "Dirty Wars": 
”In his memoir, Shelton described Rumsfeld’s model of the secretary of defense as being “based on deception, deceit, working political agendas, and trying to get the Joint Chiefs to support an action that might not be the right thing to do for the country, but would work well for the President from a political standpoint.” He added, “It was the worst style of leadership I witnessed in 38 years of service or have witnessed at the highest levels of the corporate world since then.” 
There is of course a reason to the order of hierarchy in the military. For centuries they have learned from their deadly mistakes, which stood costly in various ways. And we can't accept that a lot of innocent people dies because somebody wants to kill one person. And the trust in your networks will of course be affected when you start killing people without trial. When you conceal from your country's highest representative abroad, the Ambassador, that you conduct assassinations inside that country. Then you have to a big extent lost contact with reality but it suits well in the world of Cheney and Rumsfeld. 
JSOC is highly trained and there has never been anything alike. They are behind the execution of the cocaine king Pablo Escobar in Colombia. And their biggest achievement ever was when their SEAL Team 6 killed Osama bin Laden May 2, 2011, in Abbottabad, Pakistan. 
The resistance the neocons had with CIA when the Team B story was presented in the 80-ties was not their only reason to avoid CIA. The main reason was that CIA is accountable to the "Intelligence Oversight Committee" and that Committee is not under military jurisdiction, but civil. The military has other regulations which makes it easier to keep information away from the public and international organizations. The CIA never had any staff trained for special missions. They borrowed from the military when it was needed. CIAs budget shrank now down to 12% of what it had been previously years. Rumsfeld created a new political office in the Pentagon, "Under Secretary of Defence for Intelligence", which was responsible for 85 percent of the intelligence budget. 
The American president had declared a global war. Countries that was responsible for political refugees just had to hand over the persons to the CIA agents who transported them to some "Black Site". 
Press and media participated in the hunt on terrorists, and finally the show kept running by itself. Special trained scholars on terrorism participated in the morning programs on TV where they gave an unreasonable picture of the situation, which they of course must have been well aware of. The following figures may give a different picture than what the experts wants us to believe: 
(13) To get an idea how much money that was spent on terrorism in the United States in 2007, only "Department of Defense", spend 162 billion for the global war on terrorism. According to "National Counter-terrorism Center" in 2004, 1907 persons died due to acts of terrorism in the world, 68 of them were Americans. Every year about 4,000 people dies of peanut allergy in the world. The most common cause of death in the United States is coronary heart disease which about 450,000 people die from every year. American government in 2007 contributed to research in heart disease with three (3) billion dollar ... 
2008 there were more than one million persons registered on "The U.S. Terrorist Watch List" and it's not hard to figure out that most of them are Americans. 
If Cheney and Rumsfeld are true neoconservatives and Leo Strauss followers then they do quite the right thing when they with the help of the anti-terrorist policies in northeastern Africa creates more and more terrorists. The list of people on the JSOC killing list has steadily increased over the years and includes today a few thousand names. Many innocents has been killed, thousands of persons over the years, completely innocent. It's a war policy that can last indefinitely. It's not possible to determine when a war against terrorism is won and over with, which means that it will never end. Leo Strauss framework; The struggle between Good and Evil, where people put their commitment instead of demanding their rights, have been achieved. 
The American people and Congress is completely in the loop? The American People totally support Obama when he extends the use of drones. The drones is one reason why so many innocent people has been killed. And above that three American citizen are sentenced to death by Obamas “invisible hand” when he signs the killings list without giving them a trial. Totally accepted by the majority of the American people? For them they were horrible Terrorists. Or "Communists"? 
But what exactly is a terrorists? It can't be given a satisfactory answer to that question. So much can at least be said that they were former called freedom fighters and that they always have exist in history. We also have persons who can start to imagine things, mentally sick persons and they will of course be influenced by all the talk in the morning programs? The fact is that fewer people dies from terrorism than much else. But it scares us as much as "Communism" scared the generation in the 50s and 60s. Horror caused by propaganda, it was the same then as now. 
If Bush wants to protect the American people, then he has miserably failed because there are several times more terrorists in the world today than when the hunt began shortly after 9/11. So, the world has become much more uncertain after "the crazy guys" took place in the White House. This has led to that the system has been pushed to its extremes. Primarily because of the drones? A new technology - new media - used daily by Obama all over the world. 
The atomic bomb is not the ultimate war because it kills everything and everyone. But the drones is because no one of their own soldiers are being killed. Therefore they seems to have reached a dead end when it comes to war, and McLuhan's fourth media law says: 
”Too much of anything, however sweet, will always bring the opposite of whatever you thought you were getting.” 
Indeed, in this case, the opposite will be - ultimate peace. Maybe it's not time yet but it is heading that way, thanks to "the crazy guys"? 

THE FINAL BOSS OF THE INTERNET (Chaos turns to Order) (17, 18) 
I see today only one representative in the world that has the power to resist what "the crazy guys" has turned USA into. This representative has support from several groups and collaborate with everyone. The stipulation is that you in no way try to infringe on freedom of speech. 
Voltaire expressed it this way, (17) "I dislike your opinions, but I am prepared to die for your right to express them." (18) "AnonyOps" expresses it this way: "I would love to live in a country where the government fears its citizens and not the other way around."(17) 
Those I speak of is the "Anonymous". May be the best examples of their power is when they force a Mexican drug cartel, the Zetas, to release a kidnapped Anonymous member they threatened to kill. Anonymous let Zetas know that they will reveal their entire network if they do so or not release the kidnapped or hurt him in any way. The Anonymous has all information about the organization's members, their police contacts and the journalists the organization works closely with. The Anonymous member is released a few hours before the deadline expires. 
Anonymous is powerful. Anonymous collect its data when the events starts in that way it doesn't provide misinformation. The information is fresh and thus often accurate which most likely will lead to the right decisions. If somebody think that the example of the Zetas is not relevant, then you haven't understood why 3 million girls in the world are slaves in trafficking today. Trafficking is possible because the criminal cartels have power over politicians. So the best way to show the real power of Anonymous is by the above example. 
There are other examples where politicians for decades haven't been able to do much to protect its citizens. The Scientology Church has for decades oppressed former members or those who dare criticize the movement and nobody could stop it. Anonymous stopped them. And at the same time they cracked one popular neo-Nazi in US, Hal Turner. Anonymous was also behind operation Titstorm, the Wallstreet movement, operation Skankbag, and MegaUpload, and a lot more. 
Anonymous was an important part in the Arab Spring. They helped to re-launch the Internet in different places where the government had closed it down. And the Anonymous put out information from the governments' internal archives to the public. In Tunisia and Egypt they are well aware of the help Anonymous gave them. Next time they know how to do themselves. Those who is in control in the United States administration is of course also aware what caused the “disaster” in north Africa. 
(18) A private agent firm HB Gary made an attempt to crack Anonymous. Aaron Barr an HB Gary agent, announced that he had infiltrated Anonymous and could reveal the inner core. The core was about thirty persons from California, England, Germany, Holland and Italy? 
Anonymous gets surprisingly easy into HB Gary's internal archive, and brings out the data to the public and demonstrates that the whole thing is a scam! Aaron Barr starts a public debate to defend himself and it ends in his retirement? 
The name Anonymous, the "Guy-Fawkes mask, and the direction of today's movement didn't exist at the beginning. It all started as a kind of "practical joke" association at MIT, student-nonsense - and computer programming. Others who influenced Anonymous over the years is Løpht and "Cult of the Dead Cow." They coined the term "Hacktivism" because they wrote program that made it possible for people to communicate without outsiders could decipher the text. The principle and foundation was laid for - Free Speech. 
The freedom to express anything, publicly and anonymously (The year is 1984). Out of this a 15 year boy, Christopher "Moot" Poole creates the website "4chan" where you can post any images - anonymously. Especially during the / b / board / are the worst put out Facebook's opposite in fact. A place where you can be completely honest with total anonymity. 
The common ground in Anonymous is that everything is publishable and that everything is allowed. However, it leads to some disastrous actions from a few members. The most known is when somebody installs a program on the epileptics website which triggers epilepsy? Despite this, everybody gathers when it comes to defend the freedom of Internet. Each person decides for himself whether he wants to participate in a campaign or not. Any member can start an action when he want. Anonymous is best described as; a flock of birds where suddenly one bird takes the lead and others follow - until they select somebody else to follow, and ... so on. Everyones becomes in that way leaders. There is a leader structure, but the leader is completely undetermined and is born in the moment. 
Gradually the Anonymous flock is transformed into two extremes, where one believes that you can do whatever you like, without taking account. As it began 25 years earlier. The other extreme is that you must have a basic moral agenda to support your action, if you don't have, you shouldn't do anything. This fight leads to a small group sets out on berserk over the world and attacks indiscriminately. They call themselves LulzSec - who all of a sudden starts to attack journalists? Which means that they attacks their own basic idea - freedom of speech. 
Then of course the public loses confidence in Anonymous. The other group in Anonymous criticizes several of the campaigns, and primarily those directed against journalists. They are highly critical to LulzSec behaviour which causes harm to a third party. They could have acted differently and still achieved the goals but LulzSec behaves as if it's the last night with the gang and destroy everything in its way. They have the knowledge and tools to create an incredible mess at agencies, institutions, and banks. They show the world their enormous power. Suddenly they announce that the objectives are achieved and just disappears? It seems that also this system has reached an end? Instead of going berserk according to McLuhan's fourth law of media: 
(freely translated from McLuhan's Wake) 
"Too much of anything, as wonderful as it is, will always bring the opposite of what you expected to get." 
Out of chaos is born control. The flock will participate in actions that are based more on control and reflection. Actions that will help people understand how they can do away with the current system and what the options are. 
Passion is a fundamental feature of the Internet generation. Not necessarily for truth - for what is the truth? We don't know, even though much of the literary generation had the truth as their passion? It has been shown in different ways that the truth is something you can never find and that if it is anything then it is relative to the situation. 
The Internet Generation lives passionately for what they are involved in, which means that if they are forced to choose to be mocked at or locked up they'll take that. They follow what Bob Dylan described in the words "To live outside the law you must be honest" or as a AnonyOps says: "If they say I am a criminal, then ... well ... then I will be one." 
This section shows that what began as a flock in total chaos has been pushed to its limit and is about to flip into its opposite. A flock acting controlled by each participant's private decision and whose foundation still rests on total freedom of opinion and freedom from any form of hierarchy. 
# 

Let us return to our beloved Marshall McLuhan after seen how the world's super power is stocked in a problem that they only can leave by entering the new world. Later on also our "Global Village" will flip over to its opposite. All media reaches an end and will turn into something completely different and the old media then becomes the content of the new medium. 
When McLuhan arrived at Cambridge, he came to a new world and he soon  realized that his knowledge from University of Manitoba wouldn't be enough. A revolution in the way of studying literature was at the moment taking place at Cambridge. The leader of this new view was IA Richards. The new "method" focused on what effect a poem had on the readers psyche. McLuhan embraced this approach. Phillip Marchand, Biographer, gives maybe the best description how McLuhan worked: 
(20) “So, McLuhan, of course, ... this is something of a shock, because now all of a sudden you are not talking about anybodies ideas, you are talking about the way the words actually work. And it is the basis of the whole approach to the study of media. Something like television, he is not going to take what is called, the content of television, instead of “Isle of Loosing” maybe we should have some televised Shakespeare plays? No – let's look at the medium itself. In the same way that you look at a poem. You don't try to understanding a poem by summarize the content. You understand it by seeing how the words actually works, the effects that is actually created in the psyche of the reader.” 
McLuhan was the first to apply this approach to media, i.e all kind of media. Instead of summing up various medias content, McLuhan examines what impact the medium itself has on people and revolutionary thing pops up. In general people understood very little of what he's talking about in the 60's. His publisher for "Understanding Media" told McLuhan that the book contained too much new material. The limit according to the publicist went at 10% new material (new in the sense that it is a whole new way to look at things). That, people could absorb. But "Understanding Media" contained, 75% new material? In the 60s, it was about 75% new material, but today it's not. 
Today, 50 years later, with hindsight on the breakthroughs made in several areas McLuhan saw coming, we today understand more of what he meant and predicted? If we say 35%, instead of 75% it is still not easy. But the Internet Generations interest in processes fit perfectly with what McLuhan talks about. Today several researchers in different fields use McLuhan's knowledge, Mark Federman is one of them and he explains the difference between TV and Internet ("The Cultural Paradox of the Global Village" by Mark Federman): 
(21) ”Consider the effect of television: TV brings the outside world in – from a sound stage, a political platform or a theater of war directly into our homes. In doing so, television changed not only the nature of entertainment, but of politics and war as well in ways that were not at all obvious to television’s pioneers. 
The effect of the Internet is quite different from that of television. Via networked computers, instead of bringing the world into our homes, we transport ourselves from our homes, and indeed from our bodies, out into cyberspace. So what is this Internet world into which we are transported? What has been created in cyberspace? What awaits us there? … 
McLuhan gave us a guide when he distinguished between “visual space” and “acoustic space.” While these metaphors usefully ties to two of our senses, they do not necessarily relate exclusively to that which is seen or heard. Visual space is linear and bounded. It is ordered and continuous, yet continually fragmented by our eye’s (and brain’s) automatic process of grouping and classification. In contrast, McLuhan described acoustic space as “a resonant sphere whose center is everywhere and whose boundaries are nowhere,” a world of “simultaneous relationships.” Therefore, everywhere in acoustic space is here, and every-when in acoustic space is now. This describes the effect of the Internet perfectly, an ever-present presence, the world of simultaneous relationships. 
… In other words, we, in our physical reality, are affected by the changes that have their impetus in cyberspace. 
In cyberspace, we literally go “out of our minds,” not to insanity, where we lose our sense of reality, but to an extension of reality that offers us many more dimensions of experience. As McLuhan predicted, “having extended … our central nervous system into the electromagnetic technology … [we] transfer our consciousness to the computer world as well.” So how can we begin to understand the effects of this profound change in the way we experience, and connect with, our world?” 
We understand from above that the similarity between the native tribe and the Internet tribe is close. They are always in an eternal now, in a simultaneous relationship with the Tribe as well as the Internet Tribe - not only when the computer is turned on  - we are constantly connected. 
We have long known that many of the new devices that perpetually comes into our world is often not very good for us. Our world has become so complex about media that we do not really know what is affecting us most. All those electronic devices are media and can be investigated with the help of the media laws. We can find out what a particular media do to us and our communities. It's not easy, but the methods are there. It's our thinking that needs to be adjusted? We must constantly ask ourselves the question: "What didn't I noticed today?" To break through. We must try to find what changes have occurred during a particular period from the vague answers we get. McLuhan admired Kierkegaard who expressed life like this: 
”Life can only be understood backwards, but we have to live it forwards.” 
McLuhan worried a lot about what all new media would do to us. McLuhans Wake: (3) 
”When you extend, by technology your own inner central nervous system, you put your nervous system outside, we put the nervous system outside, and we put it around ourselves globally. We stuff our physical being inside the nervous system. … This means that every private operator can own a hunk of your central nervous system as if it were a wheel or a box or a piece of land. … And he can stand on your nose, your eyes, your nerves, he can exploit and move every part of your inner being by these means. No Elizabethan had any such resources. … This is a totally new information environment, of which humanity has never had any experience whatever. … Now, you see, we have a media that stress all the senses and we have no education to cope with the media at all.” 
There are some groups in our society who can see beyond, or feel beyond, the above-mentioned content in a media. McLuhan makes the comparison with the tale of the emperor's new clothes where the old clothes represents the old medium (what is now the content of the new medium). The Emperor's new clothes are then consequently the new media, that we can't see. In an interview at Princeton University in 1966, McLuhan expresses it as: (22) 
”The content means much less than they imagine. For example, in any given situation, people cannot see the environment, they see only the old environment. They never see the emperor's new clothes, they see only the old clothes. There is always a nostalgic rear-view mirror look, they never can look straight out at the environment. Only artists and anti-social children, and such people, they're looking at the environment. The emperor's new clothes are perfectly visible to them. But to well-adjusted respectable people – the old clothes is what is seen.” 
Anti-social children are children who often are victims of abuse or for other reasons disturbed and can't adapt to the standards. My experience after working with street children in Brazil is that they have many times turned into what's called "real artists". Something deep down is transformed and restrictions just runs off them like water. At the same time they get in touch with their inner talents. Either it transforms them into music or dance artists or they become “stiff” and "completely" unmusical but with an incredible intellect. All of them lives near the street. A real world in the present. What is here meant by artist is the "real artist" who lives for art and not for money. An artist who lacks hat, mustache, and scarf. He look like ordinary people and disappear when the mob takes to the art tours. 
These children and artists has constantly been subjected to abuse being locked up in prisons, and the like. Even today we do not understand that they are the ones that can help us understand what the world does to us. Jewels crushed by our ignorance. 
(23) Jim Andrews uses McLuhan when he looks at our world, here is a part from "Reading McLuhan": 
”The fibres of the communications systems, those miles of threads, the pulsing of the satellite beams, the light-speed of its now, all these beams and threads are as so many nerve fibres hot-wired into our bodies, extending our senses, in various ratios, out into the immediacy of all. 
Our moment, the nerves firing, the sensorium aflash and abuzz with now’s thingamagogs is brought to you, in part, by these extensions of our senses. Even when they’re not turned on. What turns us on, for instance is, in part, in response to what we have learned is desirable. Through media. 
Anorexia Nervosa is in the electric air, a disorder of society’s nervous system, and is therefore difficult to actually locate, like any virus that operates from the nervous system. As we are attached to this electrical nervous system, we are not immune, though, of course, it tends to afflict young women with the free-flowing guilt of our affluence combined with our hyper-mediated mania for thinness. They are particularly prone, it seems. The guilt of affluence is pronounced in the young, male or female, who have in adolescence developed the mind to see it for what it is in their own city and around the world, without yet being able to convince themselves that it has nothing to do with themselves. At the same time, the desirable woman must be thin. 
We are beyond ourselves, intertwined in the pleasure and pain, fears, and musings of our nervous system. There is much fear involved: who and what are men and women now? You and me? The great collectivity introduced into our nervous system is reminiscent of an earlier, tribal collectivity. Standardized education, standardized language, standardized newspapers, art, network television and radio, all these standardized, collective forms of knowing and sensing the world make individuality as difficult for us, perhaps, as it was—and is, still, in some places where it’s still allowed—within the tribe. 
Yet the struggle for individuality is still our ideal for men and women. To be in touch, to hear, to see the world is to be open to the Anorexia Nervosas in our minds, to the wounds, the pain and the pleasure streaming in through the extensions of us, our senses. … There is no escaping our collectivity.” 
We are heavily influenced by all the media around us which we are a constant part of. The Internet generation seems to have in common that TV has been barred from their lives. That media they feel sick of? Books and sequential learning is not their thing. TV is forcing an image onto them that somebody else wants them to adopt. TV injects effectively what it wants us to transform into. TV is highly addictive and compared to heroin (7) - it's almost impossible to get out of. The worst thing about the TV medium is that it shuts out the real world and puts the viewer in a passive state, a kind of heroin dream. It turned out that the interest in political change and real politics drastically dropped when television was introduced in the the 50's. In country after country, the same phenomena. 
Communication between people decreases when the television comes into the environment. The time perspective is altered. Most people are not aware of it, as they are not aware of how a phonetic alphabet affects them and their communities. Anyone with former experience of addiction probably will recognize the pattern? When people denies that they are dependent on TV. 
We have long known that TV and the press has been used in what's called "Manufacturing of Consent" or propaganda to influence people with. To make them believe that it is their decision taken when a particular policy's has been approved. What Noam Chomsky describes in his documentary (24) "Manufacturing of Consent" or in his book "Media Control". 
The industry embraced Marshall McLuhan when they saw that he could teach them how to sell their products. The technology the advertising industry learned to use is a power technology that aims to control people's choices with unethical methods practically without limits. The question I sometimes ask is how much of "McLuhan's methods" the advertiser who made it to the top takes with them when he enter the politics? 
Edward Bernays had ideas in the same field built on his uncle Sigmund Freud's research in psychoanalysis. Sigmund Freud did not participate, he was a serious scientist. But with this technique Bernays came to rule over people's choice both in purchases and in political elections. His assistance to businesses spanned over wide areas. He could help the tobacco industry to get women to smoke or United Fruit to solve their land problems in Guatemala? The women he got to smoke by linking freedom and smoking? United Fruit was allowed to keep their land (most of Guatemala) after Bernays private news agency flooded the news with propaganda and all of a sudden the American people believed that Guatemala might attack them? When a technique produce results, it will be repeated. 
The extreme violence in our ordinary TV-programs will impact us to relate to sweetly advertised products as comfortable, as safe. Subconsciously the contrast is built up and when we see the products at arm's length in the stores, we will stretch for the good world and put it into the cart, unconsciously. Advertising confirms to us that we bought the right product. We already own the product, now being told how smart we were when we made our choice. 
McLuhan says that the good news scares with change. Bad news makes us feel special, chosen - almost divine. We have been saved from the sad destiny of the victims. But inwardly rejoicing (we're special). How much "joy"  are we exposed to daily? How sick are we? No one really knows? How effected are the children? What can be done? Is it too late? 
Marshall McLuhan gives as always straight information. He believes that once we decide to investigate a media, to find out what it does and if we use the right method, there is no reason to be pessimistic about it. How this is done is shown in the following short text: (22) 
”You look for patterns, in the same way if you want to check for the same effects of automation; you do an inventory of all the types of changes, not of what automations have been set to do. You will never find out about anything about automation by looking on what it's been asked to do, car-catalogs and such, always the old job never the new job. You will find about what automation was by checking the effects of automation on the outlook on people, on their relation to work organization and decision-making because in effect automation is an acceleration, a speed-up of information-processes, and speed-up completely alter pattern recognition, completely alters the ways which we cope with our own lives.” 
It is important to find out how the media works and understand were and what the off button is? And not to miss the good medias? The good habits? The good environments. 
Our schools are built on literary media. Gutenbergs printing technique. The schools haven't understood that all children in today's world is completely adapted to a world in which they obtain knowledge with all their senses. They can not adapt to something that is so contrary to what they fundamentally are. McLuhan compare it with war. Sir Ken Robinson gives an interesting description of how bad it is, while McLuhan gives an explanation why it is. It's not just injuries that Maria Montessori and others outline coming from punishment of children, but we brainwash them to adapt and if they refuse they will as often is a fact, they'll be medicated. The school can't adjust to each students needs instead it is entirely focused on the old generations media type, mathematics and physics mainly, presented in printed books sequentially ordered. The only thing they understand. They are academics deeply affected by the literary sequential way of thinking. Therefore, we can no longer let the literary masterminds create systems for the Internet Generation. They don't have a clue what the Internet Generation is about. 
McLuhan's Wake: 
”Do you know what the satellite does to you? As an environment, when it goes around the planet? It’s a proscenium arch. It turns the planet into a stage, makes you want to be an actor.” 
This is what it is about for the Internet Tribe; simultaneity, the organic, the ear, the present, reactiveness, the complete choir, incompleteness, the mosaic, and group therapy. The tribal shaman is Marshall McLuhan and the future is in what McLuhan is talking about. Electricity has taken over the world which is entirely permeated by the new medium. There are no real choice since we are instantly bombarded by the new media? The Internet Generations process or pattern recognition is not Peace but War, not Science but Magic, not Authority but Force, not truth as passion but passion as truth, not Citizens but Nomads, not Civilization but Barbarism. They never walk alone, always with the Tribe. They have everything it takes to change the world but it doesn't mean they have to seek a barbaric violent society. They have several other inherited levels of solutions. 
The system has made the Internet Generation jobless and they can't get an accommodation of their own? Most of them want to stay with the tribe but the market has nothing to offer. Accommodation has transformed into investment objects the last 25 years. Empty skyscrapers one after another. Tourists are charged the same cost for a week as it normally costs for three months. The skyscrapers can stay empty the apartments was bought for surplus money as an investment for the future. But our young generation can't wait to have children. Frustrations will force them out if that need isn't fulfilled. 
Internet provides me with the information that half of all forests have disappeared. Half the world has gone but half remain. (Half of the world's forests disappeared in 100 years? Now it goes faster and faster.) The time is ticking while the literary generation dies out or take the step over to become part of the Tribe. Those who tries to keep us in the Gutenberg age with manipulation and violence will soon disappear. Will the literary generation among the 80 percent finally understand and make up with history? If the courage is failing then the young people has it. What will history's final words be? 
# 
(1) Robert K. Logan on The Origin and Evolution of Language.avi on YouTube. 
(2) Marshall McLuhan, ”Understanding Media”. 
(3) Kevin.McMahon.McLuhans.Wake.2002.DVDRip.XviD on YouTube. 
(4) The Secret 2 -What the bleep do we know FULL MOVIE on YouTube. 
(5) Robert K Logan book, ”The Extended Mind: The Emergence of Language, the Human Mind, and Culture”. 
(6) Robert K Logan, Manuscript; The Extended Mind Model of the Origin of Language and Culture. 
(7) Food of the Gods by Terence McKenna. 
(8) Introduction to the MIT Press Edition: The Eternal Now by Lewis H. Lapham. 
(9) McLuhan Thinking: Integral Awareness in the Connected Society by Mark Federman Chief Strategist, McLuhan Program in Culture and Technology University of Toronto. 
(10) www.eff.org 
(11) Inside Job {2010} download as torrent download maybe on YouTube. 
(12) The Power of Nightmares, part 3, The Shadows in the Cave, 2004, av Adam Curtis on YouTube. 
(13) The Free Market has soon turned 99 % of us into Miserables. Free download on www.smashwords.com 
(14) We.Steal.Secrets.The.Story.of.WikiLeaks.2013.HDRip YouTube or torrent download. 
(15) ”The Shock Doctrine”, by Naomi Klein 
(16a) Jeremy Scahill, book ”Dirty Wars”. 
(16b) Charlie Savage- Takeover_ The Return of the Imperial Presidency. Interview YouTube. 
(17) Wikipedia about Anonymous 
(18) ”We are Legion”, on YouTube. 
(19) Paradiabolical, from Adam Curtis Blog BBC. 
(20) cbc.life.and.times.marshall.mcluhan. torrent download or maybe at YouTube. 
(21) The Cultural Paradox of the Global Village, Mark Federman. 
(22) Marshall McLuhan- Interview, June 1 1966 (VOA 'Perspective') by Eric Goldman of Princeton U. 
(23) Reading McLuhan, Jim Andrews, (vispo.com) 
(24) Noam.Chomsky.Manufacturing.Consent.DvDRip.REPACK.XviD. 
(25) Marshall, McLuhan, ”The Gutenberg Galaxy”. 


CHAPTER 5, PORTUGAL. 

I haven't forgotten my mistake in Melilla that ended with that I had to sleep at the parking lot outside the police station. So, I am alert when the ferry arrives in the evening to Algeciras, but everything is fenced of with terrorist fence and we are being led as a flock of sheep through customs. All luggage screened. I manage to build trust with the customs police while I assemble the bike. They are impressed by all kilometers I have done on the bicycle. And they don't seem to see me as a threat? They seem pretty relaxed and helpful. Trying to arrange a cheap hotel, which still is way too expensive. Stayed nearly an hour, got water. Later on people tells me that Andalusia is different than Spain. That they have had autonomy since the 1980s. 
On a bench outside the customs house sits a guy and mixes a joint, openly? I sit down and get some zip. He wants to sell but I'm not interested. 
The sense to find a sleeping space is still with me. Behind a large advertising sign ten meter up the side in a large roundabout I pitch my hotel. There is apartment houses just 150 meter of but it's late and all the dogs are inside. The light from the billboard annoys but I sleep well and wake up before dog owners starts to appear. While I'm having breakfast, they do, but turns in another direction instantly when they see me. The middle-class robots are the same everywhere. Constantly afraid of everything. Press and media brainwash them daily with violence, sport and soap operas. 
It is Spring and flowers everywhere I turn. A display of color that I've partly already seen in Sidi Ifni. Different types of cactus flowers in purple and pink psychedelic colors. A world of colors. In the evenings I hide in the sand forests with all it's splendor of those colors. I watch huge surfing waves rolling toward hundreds of meters of wide beaches, there below. Andalusia is beautiful, no industries, a poor and underdeveloped region? A region where the rich prefers to live and it is interesting to see where the largest private palaces are built the infrastructure is at its worse. The roads haven't had a new pavement the last fifty years. The road consists of holes on repaired holes on holes and it is not easy to pass through what is supposed to be a town center even on a bicycle. The centre consists more or less of some ice cream parlors. While the castle are clutching on the mountain side filled with food supplies of goods purchased elsewhere, or delivered by special companies. Miserable. The rich have always been the same, for at least 500 years. In northern Brazil as an example the wealthy Portuguese families settled because of the lush climate and they imported everything needed from Europe. They never built any infrastructure. Therefore there are no jobs today. Where the rich settled the population starved well into the 1990s. Starving to death! And many children! 
The southern part of Brazil was on the other hand populated by workers from all over the world and they produced their own food and made sure that it could be transported. Therefore, there is now an infrastructure comparable to any industrialized country in the West. It takes several hundred years to build good infrastructure. Spain has today no good infrastructure because the rich imported everything they needed and paid with the riches the colonies brought. 
By pure chance I show up on time for Seville's annual festival, "Feira de April." Six-day celebration that seems to be about to show how rich you are. With private canopies and expensive horses. Beautiful, yes. I'll pitched the tent in the middle of an interchange roundabout at the highway? Although the city buses pass by not too far away I am left alone? What you don't expected to see, you don't see? Negative thinking in a world that we experience as complete and it certainly blinds us. 
Along the road are huge grazing area enclosed with the terrorist fences. Even common fields with just grain is fenced of. Does the government subsidize the landowners to fence of the country with terrorist fences, paid with tax money? All ports and similar areas in Sweden has been fenced and it has been paid by locals tax money. The sport fishermen curse the decision since they've been shut out from places where they pulled up best fishes. Moreover, the fence was paid by themselves? Isn't it time to get new cutting pliers ...? 
A couple of nights I have to sleep more or less in the ditch at the National Road with the trucks close. When I'm in the cities, I see how people are packed into cages. Apartments that cost half their lifetime income for a bit of concrete on tenth floor? “Granted” small mini areas, a narrow sidewalk with exhaust and noise (like being in a factory), a couple of trees and some bushes? That's where people can take their kids? In France it is not like that, it is more the opposite of Spain in many ways? But they have built infrastructure since long ago. 
I hate what Spain do to me; limiting myself as a free man. I look forward to come to Portugal. But first there will be several kilometer detour because Spain has only highways and a national roads. It seems that less roads more I build my hope to find one, but it always ends with a steep mountain and if there is a gravel path it is too rough for cycling. Lorries do not want to pay for the highway and therefore drive on the National Road. Suddenly "Scanian" storks appears around with nests built high up on the electricity pools? 
I stop at a large cemetery that resembles a completely modern residential area, five-story buildings? The building is 20-25 compartments wide and with space for one dead in each compartment? Expensive, marble and granite galore. How can you think of such a thing? It reminds me of the 1960-ties buildings in Sweden, for the living (dead)? 
One living creature is around? He who takes care of the roses. It feels spooky in the sunshine, but I get water and cycles on. At the border of Portugal I see one of all the bridges that the EU paid for - without traffic. A monument over how tax money is transferred from the EU tax revenues (if we call it that) to the rich one (1) percent. For a short time the Portuguese economy flourished. Artificial respiration. Now they are back where they were before, including the worst drought in a century struck 2005. Almost none of the changes that were made in Portugal resulted in lasting improvements for the future - still Portugal is Europe's most unequal country, today after England? England took over Portugal's former position. People have always known that inequality feels not good for them and that equality facilitates most things. 
Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett came out with the book "The Spirit Level" year 2009 . The following example I lend from the book: 
You let a number of monkeys live alone in their private cages. After a while, you put them together in groups of four. 
One of the monkeys will start dominating the others. Anew sign on the dominant monkey is a higher level of dopamine in his brain (compared to when he lived alone)? 
Cocaine is made available for all the monkeys in the group to medicate themselves with if they feel the need. The dominant monkey is using less cocaine than the other monkeys. Monkeys with lower rank has a higher need to medicate than dominant monkeys. What they are medicating is their sense of low status. This is an indication that inequality leads to mental illness. 
Humans together with e.g monkeys have mirror neurons. Mirror neurons are used when you mimic the behavior of others on multiple levels, for example, when we learn a language as a child. They are also involved when we learn what our culture means by sensing what other persons express. Mirror neurons means that our brain can not distinguish between you and me in the experience. When we see someone suffering, we feel the same suffering. The more mirror neurons we have the higher is our empathy. One can "cut of" the mirror neurons effect with drugs - legal or illegal drugs. Some people have since birth or by an accident far fewer mirror neurons than normal people which means that they do not have the same ability to feel what other people feel. 
The following facts is mainly found in Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett's book "The Spirit Level": 
In the two most unequal societies in the world the United States and England, it's estimated that over ten percent of the children have serious mental health problems. If you take consideration to all mental disorders the numbers becomes much higher. The survey was conducted in 2000 and shows that 23 percent of adults are either mentally disturbed or dependent to alcohol or drugs. 29 million prescriptions on anti-depressant drugs (for a population of 50-60 million) in England alone in 2005. 
One might be led to believe that them living on top of our unequal society avoid the negative effects of inequality (and use less cocaine) but it's not so. All tragic deaths that has occurred in their rank shows that. Elvis Presley (42), Marilyn Monroe (36), Jimi Hendrix (28) and many others. It's many factors but the result is always the same. Unequal societies have more social problems, lower health numbers and lower life expectancy. Not only among the poor, but in all groups. It is as if there were an invisible spray of death and problems throughout society. A relatively poor country can do much better in their communities and all benefits if the income is distributed more equally. The following is from the book "The Spirit Level" by Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett: 
”Baby A is born in one of the richest countries in the world, the USA, home to more than half of the world's billionaires. It is a country that spends somewhere between 40-50 percent of the world's total spending on health care, although it contains less than 5 percent of the world's population … Baby B is born in one of the poorer of the western democracies, Greece, where average income is not more than half that of the USA. Whereas America spends about $6.000 per person per year on health care, Greece spends less than $3.000 … And Greece has six times fewer high-tech scanners per person than the USA. 
Surely Baby B's chances of a long and healthy life are worse than baby A's? 
In fact Baby A, born in the USA, has a life expectancy of 1.2 years less than baby B, born in Greece. And Baby A has a 40 percent higher risk of dying in the first year after birth than Baby B. 
 … babies born in in the USA are twice as likely to die in their first year than babies in Japan, and the difference in life expectancy between USA and Sweden is three years, between Portugal and Japan it is over five years. … 
In 1990 Colin McCord and Harold Freeman in the Department of Surgery at Columbia University calculated that black men in Harlem were less likely to reach the age of 65 than the men in Bangladesh.” 
In "The Spirit Level" by Wilkinson & Pickett we also read following surprisingly facts: 
"A dramatic example of how reductions in inequality can lead to rapid improvements in health is the experience of Britain during the two world wars. Increases in life expectancy for civilians during the war decades were twice those seen throughout the rest of the twentieth century. In the decades which contain the world wars, life expectancy increased by between 6 and 7 years for men and women, whereas in the decades before, between and after, life expectancy increased by between 1 and 4 years. Although the nation's nutritional status improved with rationing in the Second World War, this was not true for the First World War, and material living standards declined during both wars. However, both wartimes were characterized by full employment and considerably narrower income differences - the result of deliberate government policies to promote co-operation with the war effort. During the Second World War, for example, working-class incomes rose by 9 per cent, while incomes of the middle class fell by 7 per cent; rates of relative poverty were halved. The resulting sense of camaraderie and social cohesion not only led to better health - crime rates also fell." 
The two most unequal countries in the Western world are the United States and England. Obvious examples of what such unequal societies moral-matrix transforms into is that in today's America, just in California has 360 people been sentenced to life imprisonment for shoplifting? England sentence every day 40 persons to prison for shoplifting? 

GENES, MYTHS AND INEQUALITY. 
(1.1) The function of our nervous system is directly related to our personal relations throughout life. In first hand the relations to the parents and in second hand to other important persons that have influenced our life. De culture of society we are raised in is largely important. It is not possible to separate or isolate the human being from what she has been influenced by during the life process, and it is of course most obvious in the early ages. Daniel Seagull, researcher in psychiatry at University of California phrases this as “Interpersonal Neurobiology”. 
We have known for quite some time now that the nervous system needs a stimulating and safe environment to develop optimally. A pioneer in this field was Maria Montessori who was undoubtedly aware of the consequences if that could not be met. She declares as follows: 
“The child who has never learned to act alone, to direct his own actions, to govern his own will, grows into an adult who is easily led and must always lean upon others. The schoolchild, being continually discourage and scolded, ends by acquiring that mixture of distrust of his own powers and of fear, which is called shyness and which later, in the grown man, takes the form of discouragement and submissiveness, of incapacity to put up the slightest moral resistance. The obedience which is expected of a child both in the home and in the school – an obedience admitting neither of reason nor of justice – prepares the man to be docile to blind forces. The punishment, so common in schools, which consists in subjecting the culprit to public reprimand and is almost tantamount to the torture of the pillory, fills the soul with a crazy, unreasoning fear of public opinion, even an opinion manifestly unjust and false. In the midst of these adaptations and many others which set up a permanent inferiority complex, is born the spirit of devotion – not to say of idolatry – to the condottieri, the leaders.” 
Maria Montessori. 
(Comment: Dr Montessori might have added that the inferiority complex often finds expression in compensatory brutality and cruelty. Aldus Huxley) 
A new knowledge has arisen the last few years, thanks to the results of the genome project that start mapping the human genes some decade ago. Today we see that the earlier presumption that the human being was more or less a machine with an unchangeable set of genes is totally wrong. We thought that the genes was the dictators, but today we realize that genes adapts to the surrounding environment, both on cell level and on higher levels. This confirms the theories of Maria Montessori that the surrounding environment is crucial for a child’s development. We see that if things happen in the childhood that normally should not happen, or if a thing that should happen but is not, increases the risk of physical or psychical problems or damaging behaviour in the future. 
The Humans are without exceptions the most advanced and complex creature on planet Earth and her variation in culture, language and religion is infinite. When it comes to her fundamental needs we find that they are very few and exactly the same for all. These needs are to be loved and seen for who we are, to have close contact with other people in comradeship or at least belong to some group of humans, and to be physically touched. If these needs are fulfilled we become engaged and cooperative individuals with empathic ability. If the needs is not fulfilled then the development will lead us in another direction and today we begin to see where – it comes to expression in violence and other sufferings. The genes confirm with its “mutations” what has happened in the different environments we have been influenced by. 
It is crucial to understand that genes only in extremely few cases are programmed to give us a specific disease that we will be hit of to 100 %. The idea behind the Genome Project when it was initiated was to map the genes – so we in the future would be able to cure cancer, diabetes, heart diseases, schizophrenia etc. First of all they had to find the codes that were hardcoded in the gene structure. That has become a total disappointment. Even if they found a cancer gene in the case of breast cancer it is only 7 % of the women who gets breast cancer who has the gene. And even if we take only women with the gene, not all of them will develop cancer. Maybe we should be grateful to the Nature that It is not functioning in the simple way that was hoped for, since we do not know where we would have ended up morally. After we had relocated the resources with consideration to the new knowledge, would an incurable violent persons get a different solution than a prison cell or an electric chair? Could it be defended that, rather unnecessary, treat incurable diseases or just let the person die at as low-cost as possible? 
The rulers of our society would have had a perfect argument to keep their creation of this society outside all kind of critics since it had been clearly shown that it was the Humans DNA that needed to be changed – and to what? To a society that we probably should be grateful to which gave us the opportunity to improve ourselves? No other society in history has ever been able to offer such sophisticated technique to it’s citizens. They might have found a new system inspired by the old racial theory from the thirties. Yes where would we end up? Let us look into the wonderful reality of the Humans again. 
The human brain has two possibilities to store memories; the “explicit” and the “implicit” memories. The explicit memory is stored in – Hippocampus – in the brain, and is possible to actively recall. It contains stored facts like pictures, episodes, dates and so on. The implicit memory is of a totally different kind and is stored directly in the brain structure. It is an emotional memory which is present without recalling – and in fact, can't be actively recalled, it is just there – and has deep impact on our emotions. Another fact is that explicit memory begins its development after 18 months age which means that we can’t “remember” anything actively before that age. But the implicit memory stores “emotion traces” in the brain from the birth (and probably before). We can see that children separated from its mother in early age, before 18 months, get emotional disturbances in the form of separation anxiety later in their lives. That fact show that the child has recorded a memory of the separation. The implicit memory does, of course, continue to record or store “emotional memories” throughout life also after the explicit memory is built. They are both needed in the different environments that we will experience in life. 
Dr Gabor Maté (2.1) says “that according to research literature and his own experience the persons that are addicted to drugs generally has been significantly abused as children or had suffered sever emotional lost. Their emotional or implicit memories are those of a world that is not safe and not helpful. Humans are not to be trusted and relations are not to be trusted or to open up to vulnerably. They keep them self separated from really intimate relationships and don't trust doctors or other persons that tries to help them. They generally see the world as an unsafe place. That is strictly a function of the implicit memory that sometimes has to do with incidents that they can’t even recall. 
A study made in Montreal with suicide victims looked at the autopsy of the brains of these people. It turned out if the suicidal victim, that is normally young adults, had been abused as children, the abuse actually caused a genetic change in the brain that was absent in the brain of the people that had not been abused. That is an epigenetic effect – “epi” means “on top of” – so the epigenetic influence is what happens environmentally and will either activate or deactivate certain genes.” 
(3.1) Professor Richard Wilkinson says “that genes are not just things that make us behave in particular ways regardless of our environment. Genes gives us different ways of responding to our environment and in fact it looks like some of the early childhood influences affects gene expressions – actually turning on and of different genes – that puts you on a different developmental track that may suit the kind of world that you got to deal with. A lot of these differences are structured very early in life. The parental experience of adversity – how tough life can be (or how easy) – are passed on to the child, whether through maternal depression or parents being bad tempered with there kids because they had a hard day, or just being to tired to the end of the day. These have very powerful effects - programming children development – not only about now. Early sensitivity isn’t just an evolutionary mistake, it exists again in many different species – even seedlings have an early adaptive process to the kind of environment they are growing up in. To Humans the adaptation is to the quality in social relations and so to early life how nurturing or how much conflict, how much attention you get, is a taster of the kind of world you may be growing up in. Are you growing up in a world where you have to fight for what you can get, watch your back, think on yourself, learn not to trust others? Or are you growing up in a society where you depend on reciprocity, neutrality, cooperation where empathy is important, where your security depends on good relations to other people – that needs a very different emotional and cognitive development. And that is what the early sensitivity is about and parenting is almost, quite unconsciously, a system for passing on that experience to children of the kind of world they are in.” 
(4.1) Dr James Gilligan has been working for 40 years trying to understand the most violent people that our societies produces. “I discovered that the most violent of the criminals in our prisons had themselves been abused in a degree of child abuse to be beyond the scale of what ever I thought was possible to apply the term child abuse to. I had no idea of the depths of the depravity to which children in our society are all too often treated. The most violent people that I saw was themselves survivors of their own attempt of murder, often at the hand of their parents or of other people in their social environment. – Or they are survivors where their family members had been killed by other people.” 
According to Dr Gilligan shows a study from New Zealand that there exists a genetic mutation or abnormal change of a gene that can be related to violent behavior, but only if the individual also has been severely abused as a child. If nothing exceptional happened during the childhood they do not show any sign of violent behavior, they have in fact lower level of violent behavior than people without the genetic mutation. 
Dr Gilligan also sees that the violence variations between different societies are very different. Some society does in fact destroy them selves while others, like the Amish people, do not even have one homicide registered. Another good example is the Israeli kibbutz societies where there is almost no violence represented. 
(5.1) Dr Robert Sapolsky says “that we are amply shaped by society. Our society, in a broader sense, including our theological or metaphysical or our linguistic influences etc, helps to shape us whether or not we think life is basically about sin or about beauty. Whether our after life will carry a price how we lived our lives or if this is irrelevant. In a broad sort of way different large society could be termed as individualistic or collectivist and you get very different people with different mindset and I suspect different brains coming along with that. We in USA are in one of the most individualistic of societies and with capitalism being assistant that allow us to go higher and higher up on a potential pyramid which results in fewer and fewer safety nets … A world with fewer reciprocal partners is a world with a lot less altruism.” 
Dr Gabor Maté continues, “In a society built on competition and really very often on ruthless exploitation of one human being by another, the profiteering on other people’s problems, and very often the creation of problems for the purpose of profiteering. The ruling ideology will very often justify that behavior by appealing to some fundamental and inalterable human nature. So the myth in our society is that the Humans are competitive by nature, that they are individualistic and that they are selfish. The reality is quite the opposite. We have certain human needs. The only way that you can talk about the human nature concretely is by recognizing that there are certain human needs. We have human needs for companionship and for close contact, to be loved to be attached to, to be accepted, to be seen, to be received for who we are. If those needs are met we develop into people, who are compassionate, cooperative and who have empathy for other people. So, the opposite that we often see in our society is in fact a distortion of human nature, besides that, so few people has their needs met. Yes, you can talk about the human nature but only in the sense of basic human needs that are instinctively evoked or certain human needs that leads to certain traits if they are met and different traits if they are denied.” 
Environment does not begin with birth. It starts in the moment you are created and direct information can get from outside through the mother to you. Then you have been connected with the outer world through the mother. One example was the “Dutch Winter Hunger” 1944. Holland was left without food by the Nazis for three months and the fetus that were in the second or third month development were going to change their metabolism – since the information they got through the mother was that “there is almost no food outside there”. That led to obesity, high blood pressure or metabolic syndrome the rest of their lives.	 
In short Dr Gabor Maté tells us it is “a myth that it’s because of genes we were given in the moment of creation that makes us predisposed to become addictive to certain behaviors. That is not scientifically tenable; instead we should look to what happened in the environment that we were brought up in. We can see that a woman who has been stressed during pregnancy has a higher level of the stress hormone Cortisol in the placenta when she gives birth to her child.” A significantly higher number of children with that background shows signs of addictive behavior already when they are about 7-8 years old. Another example is an Israeli research of children to women that were pregnant when the 1967 war was initiated. The women that felt sever stress gave birth to children that later in life had an abnormal rate of schizophrenia. The child to women that’s been exposed to sever stress during pregnancy gets biologic changes in their brain. In laboratories animals that have been stressed during pregnancy get offspring who is more likely to get addicted to alcohol or cocaine as adults. 
It is important to understand that there is nothing in it self that is addictive. It is the person’s susceptibility in combination with the potentially addictive stuff or behavior that actually makes the addiction come through. Because people can drink alcohol, go shopping, eat etc without getting addicted. So what is it that makes people susceptible? To understand that you actually have to look on the persons whole life experience. 
By the discussion above we understand that violence is a factor that changes our born or unborn children fundamentally and that threat or fear for the unknown can cause the same kind of changes. Those persons that have been affected will then transfer these changes on to the society. A person that influenced our society a lot was Edward Bernays and his fundamental ideas still rules in the 21st centuries. Bernays technique was to control people by manipulating their irrational feelings and then sell products or politics to them. We remember his protests against those who wanted to decrease peoples fear for communism in the end of the 50's. His proposition was that they should do the opposite so people became terrified for communism - that would make them easier to handle. It led to total obedience and the leaders was looked upon like gods. Presidents who started war against communism won their reelection – it almost never failed. 
So it is obvious in what direction Bernays thoughts aimed when he was asked to come up with suggestions for solutions to different problems. Milton Friedman has not only followed this concept of terror, it became his most important instrument when he developed it into the “Shock Therapy”-concept that hit wherever some catastrophe hit. The system that Keynes built we can read the following about his thoughts in the book “Small is Beautiful” by EF Schumacher: 
”In 1930, during the world-wide economic depression, he (Keynes) felt moved to speculate on the ‘economic possibilities of our grandchildren’ and concluded that the day might not be far off when everybody would be rich. We shall then, he said, ‘once more value ends above means and prefer the good to the useful.’ 
“But beware!” he continued. ‘The time for all this is not yet. For at least another hundred years we must pretend to ourselves and to every one that fair is foul and foul is fair; for foul is useful and fair is not. Avarice and usury and precaution must be our gods for a little longer still. For only they can lead us out of the tunnel of economic necessity into daylight.” 
Hand in hand with the laissez-fair politic and introduction of “the free market” worldwide the inequality in all societies has increased. We could see it in Europe already in the middle of the 80-ties but it was obvious 10-15 years later when the 20/80 percent system was introduced - worldwide. The system transfers 80% of the total income to the 20% in the top of society, while 80% of the population shares the 20%. Even if Sweden hasn’t reached there yet we have during this period of time seen that low status groups in society have lost the most. Divorced mothers followed by immigrants, low paid pensioners and not to mention all people that have become homeless. Nobody would imagine these changes in the end of the 70-ties or in 80-ties. Inequality has increased in all countries all over the world. There is still difference between countries of course; the relative difference is still there as before the introduction of the laissez-fair system, and in general it has become a more unequal climate everywhere. 
Inequality is shown in many ways in the society of today with the many possibilities the merchandises at the market gives us. The way we dress has in hundreds of years shown what we stand for – consciously or unconsciously. And today it’s not only the branded clothes that show our status but also the brand of car, the clubs you are associated with and the schools that your children attend - a kind of manifestation of the inequality right in front of each other. While time pass by the differences becomes more obvious and the probability that persons will mingle or attach to other groups than their own becomes less and less liable. This leads of course to greater insecurity about what “type” of people the others are. The information you’ll get becomes more distant and in the end it might only be what you read, seen on TV – or on a video – that will be available. The only “live” experience might be what happens in a queue somewhere in town or seeing each other on distance in a park. Newspapers and TV sells mainly with the help of violence and even if the intention isn't deliberately to use fear to control people with we should not forget that that the technique is deeply embedded in the system since almost a century. Teenagers and youngsters is probably the only ones that has any contact but after a while they are led back to their cage and when it is time to form a family and have children they has long been customized to the values of the group they were born into. 
The myth that poor people are dangerous will live in a world where you don’t have contact with any poor person and because of that haven’t got a clue about how they think. The fantasy creates a monster from what we see, and that is of course totally wrong. A homeless person has an appearance that is quite harsh because he lives in a harsh environment. But that's just an outer appearance. My experience after traveling for five years in South East Asia and South America is that the Europeans who can afford touristing (but not being that rich) gives a kind of terrified expression if you start talking to them just accidentally. They try to redraw with a pale smile. And a taxi driver in Malaysia gave me a precise description, “The tourist are nice and honest people, and many times they give a tip – but they are afraid of everything – all the time? 
So, what is the chance that their children will get these genetic changes we saw above related to that these persons are continuously afraid? The most likely answer must be that the probability is quite high that these changes appears in our societies and will effect our lives. 
Wilkinson and Pickett have looked on countries with average income from 20.000 US and up. (6.1) “There is nothing which supports that health is related to material standard when we compare those countries. The level of health can be lower in countries with double as high income if the inequality is greater. Within the country the poor health is finely spread over the whole scale of income. Not only as a difference between the poor and the rest of society, but as a contribution to all levels of income. On national level, inequality has great impact on health but not average income. If we look on smaller areas the contrary is true – average income has impact but not inequality. But the reason that a small, poor area – has lower level of health – in a rich country is not because of inequality within that neighborhood, but because the neighborhood is under-privileged to the rest of the society. Its low socioeconomic status in relation to the rest of society is indicated by its relatively low average income. “Thus, income inequality measured across whole societies may be predictive of population health because it serves as a measure of the overall burden of stratification relative to others within each society.” 
“The recognition of the importance of psychosocial factors working through chronic stress is one of the most important developments in our understanding of the social determinants of health in recent decades (Brunner & Marmot 2006, Sapolsky 2005). It has led to much greater attention to the social environment—particularly to low social status, difficult early childhood, and weak friendship networks—as sources of chronic stress and determinants of health (Berkman & Glass 2000, Marmot 2004, Marmot & Wilkinson 2006). 
Exposure to chronic stress shifts physiological priorities. Processes that are not essential when responding to immediate threat or danger— such as tissue maintenance and repair, digestion, growth, and reproductive functions—are all down regulated in favor of processes that improve reaction time and provide energy for muscular activity. If the stress is over quickly, no harm is done. If it lasts more than about an hour, the immune system also start to downsize. When we worry about things for weeks or months, the effects are so widespread that we become more vulnerable to a wide range of health problems.” (From Income Inequality and Social Dysfunction, Wilkinson and Pickett.) 
Table 1 in “Income Inequality and Social Dysfunction by Wilkinson and Pickett” shows the increase of different social problems in society when the inequality increases. We find increase in homicide, violence, conflicts between children, overweight for adults and children, teenage pregnancy, children’s well-being, drug abuse, mental illness, imprisonment rate and decrease in math and reading scores, trust, social mobility and the status of women. How high the increase is, it doesn’t say in the table, but it can be much more than the double in an unequal society compared with an equal society. If we look on the imprisoned people the rates soar even more in unequal societies. (Wilkinson & Pickett 2007, 2009.) The gradient is spread right across the society and not only over a few groups. If it was, then the poor would have as much as 30-40 years shorter life span. 
Equal society has a much higher level of inventions than unequal societies. So it's a myth that societies built on high level of competition is best for creativity of man. 
The diagram that shows different countries health and social problems shows clearly that the countries (figure 1) with less inequality in income also has less social problem and highest health. Japan is far ahead of all other countries in the good aspects while USA is far out on the other side of the scale with an extremely unequal society and gigantic problems. Sweden is generally on second place on the good side even if the average income is relatively low. Norway is one country that manages to divide the enormous wealth - the oil industry provides - equally between their people and they are on third country according to lowest social problems and highest health in the society. 
Richard Wilkinson finally says “I think people often are puzzled by the contrast between the material success of our societies, unprecedented level of wealth - and the many social failings. You know if you look at the rates of drug abuse, violence or self harm amongst kids or mental illness there is clearly something going deeply wrong with our societies. What the data that I have been describing does – it simply shows that the intuition that people have had for hundred of years, that inequality is divisive and social corrosive. That intuition is truer that we ever imagined. There are very powerful psychological and social effects on inequality. More to do I suppose with feelings of superiority and inferiority, that kind of division, maybe going with the respect, disrespect. People feeling looked down on at the bottom, which by the way is why violence is more common in more unequal societies. The trigger to violence is so often people feeling looked down on and disrespected. Increasingly we recognize that chronic stress has an important influence on health but the most important sources of stress are the quality of social relations. So what we are looking at is a sort of general dysfunction. It’s not one or two things that goes wrong as inequality increases, it seems to be everything whether we are talking about crime, health, mental illness or whatever.” 
Dr Gilligan says “If there is one principal I can emphasize, that is the most important principal underlining the prevention of violence it would be – “Equality”. The single most significant factor that affects the rate of violence is the degree of equality versus the degree of inequality in that society.” 
Sometimes we maybe have wondered why the immigrants in a country lives close to each other? ”The Spirit Level av Wilkinson & Pickett” gives following facts: 
”Studies in London, for example, have shown a higher incidence of schizophrenia among ethnic minorities living in neighborhoods with fewer people like themselves, and the same has been shown for suicide and self-harm. More recently, studies in the United States have demonstrated the same effects for heart disease and low birth-weight. Generally, living in a poorer area is associated with worse health. Members of ethnic minorities who live in areas were there are few like themselves tend to be more affluent, and to live in better neighborhoods, than those who lives in areas with a higher concentration. So to find that these more ethnically isolated individuals are sometimes less healthy is surprising. The probable explanation is that, through the eyes of the majority community, they become more aware of belonging to a low-status minority group and perhaps encounter more frequent prejudice and discrimination and have less support. That the psychological effects of stigma are sometimes strong enough to override the health benefits of material advantage tells us a lot about the power of inequality and brings us back to the importance of social status, social support and friendship, and the influence of social anxiety and stigma.” 
and Wilkinson & Pickett continues: 
(1) ”Economists have never suggested that poor health and social problems were the real determinants of income inequality. Instead they have concentrated on the contributions of things like taxes and benefits, international competition, changing technology and the mix of skills needed by industry. None of these is obviously connected to the frequency of health and social problems.” 
That shows clearly that modern society has no interest in building a sustainable society only in accumulating valuables. If it's done with monopolism and cartels or with communism and socialism doesn't really matter as long as the system can be controlled by a fraction of the population. No scholar in economy could ever do anything about it. He would just lose his job. A non-totalitarian system doesn't need any of those systems that have been rewarded with Nobel's prize. (Nobel himself didn't create any Nobel Award in Economics, it came after his death and is given by Riksbanken – not by the Nobel Foundation.)” 
It is also obvious that continuously there is a transfers of wealth from down under to the upper class which clearly shows in the UN report 2006. Showing that one (1) percent of the planets population owns 40 % of the planets wealth. And 50 % of the planets adults own together one (1) percent of the planets wealth. If we count the adults children who owns nothing the numbers are even more terrifying. {75 % of the worlds population owns one (1) percent of the worlds wealth altogether.}. 
# 

Let's return to the south of Portugal on a bicycle along the Atlantic coast. Vila Real de Santo António, the border city, where the Guadiana River flows into the Atlantic Ocean. It feels a bit like coming home. The language I master quite well after almost ten years' practice. Talking street language mainly, because that's were I learned it. It's said that the Portuguese language is different in Portugal than in Brazil, but not to me? There is something missing though, and that's probably what the Brazilian culture brings to the language I knew. The great mix with African culture and the heritage from the origin population, including the cultures all immigrants from all over the world brought with them. The sense that includes all impressions the culture embraced for several hundred and more years is now represented in the common words; to embrace and taste. To feel the taste of a culture can only be done living close to the language. Like when a child discovers life. 
Never has a language or a culture affected me as deeply as the Brazilian. A country with huge gaps between rich and poor. One of the worlds richest country. One of the world's most unequal countries. The result when you let the capital run wild without restrictions for a long time. When they finally got a good president major positive changes occurred rapidly; 
I'll get easily stuck in the shops, talking with everyone, sitting on the benches. ... Coffee, ... Brazil and Portugal have some of the world's best coffee. Coffee and a joint is the only stimulant I'll like and both are legal in Portugal? 
Life has much to offer as a surrogate for what we lack, whatever that is? Perhaps surrogate for a couple of hundred different leaves, roots, nuts, and fruits that disappeared when we became permanent residents? An urge we are trying to satisfy with chocolate, coffee, tea, and spices. Various flavors that allows us to relax a few minutes. 
The Portuguese people are open and fun-loving, they remind me a lot about the Brazilians? Curious, and gladly surprised that I know their language, it was a long time ago since I laughed like now. Poor Spain, at least the Spain I've met? Spain with its broad avenues and large squares is something Portugal lacks; Lisbon, yes but still here it is slimmer and smaller. It feels like it should be Spain which is the unequal society but statistics don't lie? 
On the way out from the small border town I talk to a few guys in their thirties, coming from the beach. They look a little worn out, too much of everything I guess, except the good habits; It's not allowed to camp on the beach but the area belonging to the beach is so large that no one will find me.  More than one kilometer from the beach it's closed of for cars, no houses in sight. Sweden also have hard laws prohibiting any new buildings close to the beach. Unequal countries sometimes win some fundamental rights. In Portugal, the beaches are sacred they belong to everyone. 
It's bone dry and one spark can set fire to the entire pine forest? I scrape of a decimeter thick layer of dry pine needles before find the sand and can start the stove. I have plenty of water and what an amazing place, with the thick pine needles carpet under the tent I sleep until late the following day. 
Portugal has more roads than Spain but the traffic is often just as dangerous. It's harvest time for oranges and at the same time the orange trees bloom? Good honey is sold along the road. Gypsy horses and carriages I'll see quite often and I'll see traces of them where they have had their camps when I look for sleeping place. Men dressed in tight black pants and a shirt with vest, The children greet shyly when I wave to them. Imagination sets in; fear of the unknown. No contact is made. I still have the robotic way of thinking and I hate my cowardice. On the other hand, it never came to a real opportunity? 
On my way I'll see political slogans sprayed on walls and houses, "1% enriching themselves while 99% is getting impoverished." The anarchist symbol is rarely seen. I often lead most conversations into discussions on how badly the world functions, not only economically; and without exception people want to participate in the discussion and express their disgust for what is going on. It feels like people knows a lot but are hanged up on alternatives that is controlled by a few, communism and socialism. There is nothing wrong with the fighting spirit of those who are sitting in cafés? They remember how the country has been impoverished by corruption and dictatorship and now it seems to go backwards again. They are somehow paralyzed. And they say they do not understand the world today? But I have no doubt that they will go out on the streets in Portugal when the new time breaks through. When the European Spring comes ... 
And just a week later it's the first of May which I spend in Setúbal listening to marching band and looking on the workers manifestation. They are quite a lot of people, but only a few are young? It feels like there are only memories remaining. Somehow it feels like going to a museums, watching old newsreels, and in fact the first things I saw when I was leading the bicycle off the ferry was a building with the sign "Museu do Trabalho". "Museum of Work." So true ... so true. 
Before my arrival to Setúbal I experienced the Algarve coast at it's most beautiful time when I am following the coastline. It is spring and the landscape is blooming. Come to think of Robin Williams in "What Dreams May Come" when he wakes up in an oil painting and splash about among all flowers. 
I'll stop for a few days in a hidden valley, I'll never find again? Cork-oak trees silhouetted in the sunset. A cold strong wind from north takes almost my breath away. A surreal world. It's cold and cycling is not even to think about. Somehow I was led to this tiny valley where not a soul showed up for three days? Seems like a mystery to me at least. The uphill reality is still outside the valley. Downhills also? 
Scores of Scanian storks reappear in a national park. At the other end of the park the rich one (1) percent bought, built and fenced of with terrorist fence something called "Utopia". Maybe 15 year since it was built; completely dead, no movement. Incredibly stupid? Mediterranean Coast's ghost towns echoes into the Portuguese elites dream. The winner takes it all - Everything! Living alone on the top of an artificial world of nothingness. On my side of the fence Utopia looks quite differently. 
It is not easy to find places to stay for the night between Setúbal and Lisbon, all land seems to be occupied by one or another reason. Finally, I see a strange sign down by the road it says: "WELCOME! For your protection and security we have installed surveillance cameras throughout the whole area!" 
In the middle of the country side! What a nonsense? Just to transfer tax money to companies that built and manages the surveillance system? After a while I realize that there is only one paved and narrow road that is completely fenced of with barbed wire and terrorist fences. No place even to pitch a tent. It's too steep to ride down and while I walk the road I think about how fooled people are to pay for the security system? It would've been interesting to see if they would discover my tent? Further down there is a small clearing between some bushes and I ask in one of the houses if it is ok to put up my tent there? It is not their land but they say that it's probably no problem if I just stay overnight. I thank them and get my water filled up. Suddenly, I have three liters of water to shower in, double up as normal? 
Lisbon is a positive experience. I am struggling in its uphills and tries to avoid getting stuck with my wheels in the tram tracks. A beautiful city with fresh air and several parks. This day it's European football with Benfica in the final. I decide to watch the game and for the first time I'll go to a camping to secure my stuff. The Lonely Planet book says that it costs 5 euros a night and that is ok? Once I arrive to Parque Florestal de Monsanto, on the outskirts of Lisbon, the price is 9 euros in low season, but from the first of May, it cost 17 euros - for a tent and a bicycle? This is suppose to be a kind of low budget community camping? Today the only interest is money. When I am leaving they look after me as if it was something the cat dragged in? A lot of our young generation can't afford to pay that money, they don't even have a job? So, we live in the forests, along the rivers and on the beaches. 
I find a fantastic place on a small meadow in the middle of a residential area. No one sees me, even though the houses are only a few tens of meters away? No dogs, it almost seems like the houses around are uninhabited? Maybe they're on the stadium looking at the game? Next day I cycle through Estoril where Lisbon has its F1 track and shortly after, I come to another park where I stay overnight. A hundred feet above the sea on a small cliff. The surfers lies down there on their boards until it gets dark and they are back at dawn. Lovely to see someone living out their dream. 
As if the slopes were not enough, I get a side wind from the sea, so I decide to move inside the country a bit. Forests stops the wind and slopes smooths out somewhat, but it is still hard and sometimes it feels like I'm cycling in circles? It becomes less kilometers for every day when my energy is used to get up and down the slopes? At the end of a long uphill there is a bike shop and I go in and ask about other options to get to Salamanga in Spain. They recommend the train; were you can bring the bicycle for free. The train takes me to Vilar Formoso where I arrive just before dusk. Finding sleeping place will not be easy? The only alternative is to remain around the station area? I put up my tent behind a storage house. Nobody puts me out. Thankfully, I still find myself in Portugal. After 18 days in Portugal it is time for Spain again? The bicycle shop recommended me to cycle to Salamanga and then to take a bus to France. 
The station building in Vilar Formoso is a work of art, Portugal showed in glazed ceramic tiles. A testament to how loved the railway was when it broke peoples isolation. Today, people have total freedom to move and the railroad has turned into a museum piece. But here in the mountains, it feels like the railroad can still have a function more than just a job pendulum? I take detailed photographs of the station before I return to Spain with a dread. It is 148 mil to the bus station in Salamanga. 
Here is no difference from the previous Spain I have come to know. Terrorist fences, barbed wire and reckless traffic. Not even a picnic area where you can stop to rest or eat. The ditch is all that is offered, where I'll have breakfast on a narrow strip of "freedom." Standing. It must be terrible to live in a country like this? Can you really get used to it? And if you get used to it what have then become of you? 
There are no hills at all and quickly the kilometers disappears. A sign shows 48 km to Salamanga and I spot a place where it is possible to stay overnight behind the driveway to a bridge? No one will see me, and tomorrow I can come to Salamanga in a few hours? So I'll stay but during the night the weather changes and the following morning a raw cold wet fog is laying over the place, where it was so sunny and warm the day before. I have water so I'll stay. Everything is wet by the damp except my sleeping bag and the inner tent. There is no change the following night and the next morning it's just as bad. I'm out of water and the food is basically finished. The tall grass dripping. Before I get to the road my shoes are soaking wet – ice cold. After just a few kilometers, I stop off at a workshop to ask for water. A friendly man gives me filtered drinking water while he tells me that the ice fog will disappear if I cycle a few kilometers. The sun breaks through and I stop at some wide ditches to dry my stuff. It slows me just enough to miss the last bus to France by a few minutes. First, the next day I can come to the French border. So my skill to find a sleeping place comes to a real test. Only ten meters from the public at the top of a hilly area, free from transparency I wait until darkness settles, then I put up the tent. Early in the morning I'll enter the bus station, the bike is packed into its storage bag and late afternoon I arrive in Irun in Basque Country and cycle directly to Hendaye. By the talk on the bus with the locals I understand that there is not any blocking of nature with terrorist fences in Basque Country. Everyone walks in the fields and into the woods with their children. They refuse to follow the rules set up by Madrid and they also want to become free from Spain. Not only having autonomy. I hope to come back to Basque Country some day. 
Once again it feels like coming home (after only a few days in Spain). Sailboat masts sticking up a bit away leads me to the water. There is a park and I'll find a suitably secluded spot for the tent behind the BMX track. And there is both toilet and running water, luxurious? The next morning I try the stainless steel automatic toilet but I think I'll prefer the hole in the ground? I feel relaxed while making breakfast of what's left in the bags. Lentils, rice and onion, an ok start of the day for a biker. It seems to be weekend, probably Sunday, the playground hundred meters away is filling up with kids and parents. A man comes jogging and stops to chat for a while. Just like it used to be in France, relaxed with a lot of freedom. Few terrorist fences in the towns and none at all along the roads. Not even were they grow the marijuana which on the other hand has low quality. What does the media "terrorist fence" really do to us, what is it's hidden message? The hidden underlaying message is not that you will feel more secure, on the contrary. Fences and walls creates uncertainty, "us and them" feeling – and distance. And distance creates fear. The advantage would be that we are more easily controlled since we have a tendency to lean to the power when we are scared. A scared man can not think clearly, and do not dare to stand up for his cause. Being born on one or the other side of a border post, for example between France and Spain, or Canada and the United States, turns us into quite different beings. 
It's the middle of May and I had hoped for 25 degrees or at least a bit warmer Spring? It is barely fifteen degrees and significantly lower temperature at night, just a few degrees if it is a starry night? My knee is felt again and I keep them both warm to prevent injuries. Injuries I can not afford. 
After Biarritz I'll move away from the coast, away from the cold wind. Sleeping over in a beautiful forest and wake up by dogs barking? When I put out my head a terrified deer slides with his legs under him in full speed towards my tent? He comes up in the last second and jump straight into the woods? Soon after, two hunting dogs disappears the same way. A minute later the hunters comes trudging quietly - without weapons - they seem to be out on a morning walk? They smile a little crooked and I try to explain with my few French words that I slept over but that I will soon leave. I'll tell them about my cycling route and they listen impressed. Then they wish me a good morning and disappears into the woods with the dogs, who was back after their little morning adventure. What an awakening! Thank God I'm not in Spain! But a sign that my luck had turned to the better, it is not. The worst weeks would soon begin in the outskirts of a small community; in Parentis en Born. 
When I come out from the store it starts to get dark but some more kilometers I'll be able to make? My brain hadn't really understood it was only half past two? But on the way out from the village I'll see that the sky behind me is pitch black? It doesn't look good at all. But I'll remembered that just before the village I had seen a small forest, and now I go back to try to reach it before the storm. In the forest I will be protected and soon I have pitched the tent. It takes only a few minutes to get the storm kitchen going – and then the first drops starts falling. It's rains a lot for a while. No wind? 
Ok, food, a joint, sleep and up early next day. The problem is that it rains a lot next day - the whole day. Next problem is that I find animals living on my body, ticks. Four of them. I can't move the tent because of the rain? It feels like living at the bottom of an emptied aquarium. No wind, wet and all the time a perpetual dripping on the canvas. Next morning another three ticks having a feast on my old body. But then I'll get a few hours of break from the rain. Quickly I'll move out from the trees - the sun shows her face. Some men who work at the recycling plant asks if I need some help? They fill my water bottles before I bike into the village to by food. A cold night under a starry sky follows. 
I'm leaving early, it's cold. The sky is quite gray but seems ok. If I follow the road at the coast the wind will probably be worse? I decide to follow the brightest part of the skies. I end up in Bordeaux. Black clouds chase me all the way and I have to take shelter in the outskirts of the city while the first burst is unleashed. It's not easy to find a way out from the major cities through an organized concrete jungle per cycle. Where will I sleep? Everything is concrete and asphalt? After an hour of hard pedaling I leave the black clouds over the city below where they gather force. Across the road is a park or something? And just at the entrance I'll get a flat tire? Shit? There is a long queue of cars going down to the city and I ask one of the drivers if it is a public park on the other side of the street? He asks if I'm supposed to spend the night there and I answer "yes, if it's ok?" "Oh, yes, it is ok, but hurry up before the rain starts." 
When I start moving my stuff over the two lanes I am close to being rundown. One lane is jammed, while the second drives in full speed, in a steep uphill. My brain is stressed and my misjudgment could have ended badly, but now it ends up with some rubber marks in the asphalt. I carry what I can manage in the steep hill through the tall grass. A hundred yards up and the tent is quickly in place. Down again and get the rest and a last round for the punctured bicycle. On with the food. Then a one-liter shower behind some bushes, it's cold. The puncture was timely? Without the puncture, I would probably be standing in the middle of the icy rain which soon starts pouring down. I'm not hungry, but forces me to eat as much as possible. Wakes up at night by the cold and take a look out, it's a starry night? Just a few degrees. Hoping to get going early. But in the morning the sky is closed by a new cover just before the sun would start to warm. The cloud effectively keep the cold and soon the icy rain starts again. Everything is cold and grayish. A group of women walks by in the evening, otherwise it is totally empty of people in my endless uphill. I'll repair the tube in between the rains which ables me to go looking for food and water. Water is available in the park at the "spin pump". Some men are working putting up some scaffolding that next day transforms into a music stage? 
The park is filled with people, it looks like folk dance or something? People are dressed in national costumes - from Portugal? Very black. I talk to people. They are friendly but no one comes by when I'm at my tent. They look suspiciously at me. No smiles. When I search for eye contact they avoid it. I lay out my clothes I washed in the high grass, so they can dry a bit in the cold sun that has appeared. 
Immigrants are often suspicious of odd people because they dare not risk getting a bad reputation themselves. The largest xenophobes are often in fact immigrants? Those who have lived long time in the country. They are afraid of getting a bad reputation because of new immigrants. They keep after there own group through their associations, but new groups coming from other countries with other religions? And the resident population often see all foreigners as the same. 
Suddenly, three social workers shows up and ask if they can sit down and have a talk? I soon do understand that they are here because of me? They ask if I need help? If I have money? Where I'm from? But don't ask for identification or such. I got the feeling that they are on a mission? Someone must have called? Why didn't they come to me first? It felt a bit like Sweden. One need not bother more than to call the authorities then they will solve the problem with their experts? It annoys me and I'll inform them that I have money and is free camping around Europe to find out how poor people are treated in different countries – and that France is one of the better countries. I asked them about CG Jung as only one of them heard of? How can you become a social worker and not heard of Jung? Answer: Jung does not fit into the education because his ideas doesn't fit the system our politicians want. 
Gandhi was often talking about his fear for building a society were nobody needs to be good. That is what our societies has become today. 
Two days later, two police officers knocks on the tent and tells me I have to leave. The weather had a gap of sun when social services visited me but since then it has been 3-4 degrees at night and 8-9 degrees daytime with persistent drizzle. The male police gives me respite till the next day and I'll promise to be gone by then whatever weather. Why is it always the female police officers that have the role as aggressor? 
My tropical diving suit will once again be used. A sort of a survival suit if I end up in bad weather where ordinary clothes are not enough. Sometimes I'm glad I dragged around on the suit for more than five years? I've snorkeled a bit also. After a just a few kilometer I'll get a flat tire ... and an hour later another one? It have never happened before? It is quite rare to get a flat tire, maybe once a month or so? It feels like a bug but the sun shines through. Later when the sun is down an ice cold rain showers the environment with me inside the tent. And then – a starry night. Before I go to bed, I change one of the tire. 
Next day with the rain hanging over me I am forced to follow paths were traffic passes close by. But later on I find a bike path through a long stretch of forest where I stop at a tiny house which once up on a time produced lamps to the railroad. It is now a small kind of museum and I hang up my tent inside the house. It just fit. Now I have at least roof over my head. But the same cold. Starry freezy nights. Cold gray days. With a 400 km left to Paris, I'll give up. After exactly 14 days, I have moved less than 250 km, a distance that usually takes two three days? When I reach my American friend in Romily sur Seine later that night, he tells me that it is the coldest spring in France since 1887. 
I've got a little insight to what it's like not to have a warm place to come home to. How it is to be looked down on and being chased by the law over time. I did not have to experience how it is to break into basements and attics to survive when the cold kills one's friends, and politicians excuses themselves over that "they can not do anything about the weather." Today I understand that a lot of violence comes out of people losing value and being looked down on. Violence affects those who are closest to the violence, those who find themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time. Most of the time nothing happens, but a misunderstood look is enough. 
After a month with my American friend, I am back on the road again but now sleeping over at warm shower-members places. Usually they are wonderful people. We all have our defects and life is hard on all of us without exception? If anybody has a right to complain then it is the homeless people because we first deprived them of their families, their tribal affiliation, and then we let our system deprive them of a shelter just to keep up the prices on housing. 
We are persuaded that our system is so perfect that we do not even need to be good anymore. To show our goodness is to inform the authorities? No need to give. Poor us. 
Before I came to Paris in 2012, I had for five years been living in many poor countries in the world. I saw almost no one sleeping in the streets. I have seen homeless people sleeping at terminals and stations in those few places where there were homelessness. In Sweden every night the guards have to put out the homeless into the cold. Cold-hearted rules forces the guards to close the station for a few hours every night. 
# 
Sources: 
(1) The Spirit Level, authors Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett 
Sources: 
(1.1) Zeitgeist Movement MOVING FORWARD_OFFICIAL RELEASE 2011. Free download on YouTube. 
(2.1) Dr Gabor Maté, Physician, Author, Portland Security. From Zeitgeist Movement MOVING FORWARD_OFFICIAL RELEASE 2011. Free download on YouTube. 
(3.1) Richard Wilkinson Professor Emeritus of Social Epidemiology, University of Nottingham. 
(4.1) Dr James Gilligan. Former Director: Center for the Study of Violence, Harvard Medical School. 
(5.1) Dr Robert Sapolsky, Professor of Neurological Science, Stanford University. 
(6.1) Income Inequality and Social Dysfunction, Wilkinson and Pickett. 

CHAPTER 6. BACK IN SWEDEN. 

I cycle in Denmark along the narrow straight that since 350 years separates Sweden and Denmark. Scania is on my right side on the other side of the water. Five years earlier I left Sweden to go to India in a desperate attempt to save my life or at least regain some quality of life. A life can turn into a living hell in an instant. We believe we are in control and can protect us until the moment the abyss opens up; everything else loses importance, everything except the pain and anguish that have taken over our whole world. My body turned into one huge rash from the knees up to my elbows and to the neck. In less than an hour my life was destroyed. The rash itched terribly and when I touched the skin, the pain was almost unbearable. 
My first hope was that it must be some local disease here at the Equator. You've read about Ebola virus and other strange things. But when I desperately asked around everybody shakes their heads and tells me that "they had never seen anything alike?" Next step was of course a doctor, he knows? I can make myself understandable in  Brazilian language. Before I've finished my explanation his examination was over with and he looked at me with a reassuring glance saying that "he knows what it is." In a cabinet he takes out a package that contain capsules. 
"What is that?" 
"Antihistamine. It's against allergy. You have an allergic reaction to something." 
"Are you sure? I don't believe it is an allergy? I am allergic to different things and have been all my life but nothing in my environment has changed since several months? I use the same detergent, clothes, food, etc since months back. It would surprise me if it is an allergy? Why a rash from the elbows to the knees?" 
"You have to try this medicine and see if it helps? If it doesn't you can come back, but it will be alright, you will see ... 
"I really doubt that it is an allergy, but I'll try ... the pills." The lump was back in my throat and it felt thicker than ever. The doctor didn't look pleased when I walked out. He was not used to his expertise being questioned? 
I didn't sleep the following nights. Luckily my back was without rash so I could at least rest in the hammock, slept a few minutes perhaps. Awake all night worrying in the dark. I couldn't live like this. My entire life experience was now directed inwardly, occupied with itching and pain. Exhausted, I returned to the doctor who announced that he didn't know what it was? He had never seen anything similar? The hope was running out but I told myself that if I just came to a Swedish doctor, then he would probably know? I could explain better. But what to explain better? The rash in itself explained everything in an explicit way. It was about hope, really? I had a flight ticket but had to wait six weeks. 
When I saw the doctor in Ystad the last hope vanished. It took just as long time as it took for the Brazilian doctor, about two minutes, to diagnose allergy. The pills were already on the table when I tried to explain that I'm allergic since 40 years and I've already tried antihistamine but it didn't help. 
Then I got the same answer. She did not know what it was? The rash was still as bad now, after two months. Maybe worse because some parts had start to inflame, the part I sat on. Slept a couple of hours a night constantly waking up sweating heavily. When I talked with my son about what we should do together now when I was back, I said "that it have to be something hard. Something that tires me so I can sleep in the nights and forget about my body during the day. "Robin suggested that we bicycle and when I asked where? He said, Paris. 
We cycled 100 km a day. The wind fanned nicely against my body, and at night I slept until I woke up with cramps in the legs, but it was better than the itching. After twelve days we arrived to Paris and could rest for a whole day before we saw the final round of the Tour de France? Our goal was achieved! 
Something had begun to appear in my memory. Something I actively stored five years earlier? Discovery Channel had a program from India made by a Western woman who experienced something incredible. She had seen people getting cured from diseases that Western medicine could not handle?! She saw people getting cured from e.g diabetes and asthma? With empathy and charisma she described what she had experienced. 
The food was the main medicine. The philosophy that if you give your body just what it needs with proper nutrition then the body will come in balance. And a disease can't survive in a body that is in balance. When I heard that, I said to myself, loud and clear - I remembered: "Do not forget this! If you ever get really sick - Go there!" 
The memory had now come back. The next step was to search Internet, and soon it was clear what it was about - Ayurvedic medicine. A multi-millennial art of healing with the same origin as Yoga. The origin is the Vedas, from the part called Rigveda. A mysterious document with many levels which was "downloaded" through meditation more than 3,000 years ago and then preserved by oral recitation (forward and reverse) to finally be written down (then there was not the same control because written documents can be altered or lost). This source of information is a kind of mystery, given its deep and precise knowledge. But to me it was enough to start finding a hospital where I could be cured? South India, Kerala, seemed to be the region for Ayurvedic medicine. My economy limited me a lot. There were several hospitals with treatments way over hundred dollars a day? But I had less than 15 dollar a day, which should cover food accommodation and treatment? After some search I found the place. 
Instead of returning to Brazil I went to India. A country I came to love and hate, which most people do. After a few days train journey in some environment that reminded me of a prison I finally arrived at the hospital in Ottapalam and saw the doctor. I had stayed a little more than three months in Sweden, which meant that it was now five months ago my life had lost total quality. I worried that the inflammation might become worse in the new environment. 
The doctor looked at the rash,  and the inflammations. On the thighs, the stomach (which was constantly itching), on the chest, neck and arms. I told her about my travels in South America months before I became ill. She asked what I use to eat and about my lifestyle in general. One big issue was if I had used hormone cream or any other hormone therapy? When I answered no, she looked relieved. Hormone treatments could cause major problems, I was told. She was a newly qualified Ayurveda doctor after six years of study. After we talked for more than an hour and she had been looking on the rash several times, I couldn't help asking. 
"Do you know what it is?" 
She looked at me with surprise, somewhat puzzled, she replied "No, I do not know. We have to examine you first?" 
I smiled a little like stupid, but said nothing more than "Ok?" 
Examine? Wasn't that what she had done? Ah, she's quite a recent graduate so she don't want to say anything ... she's probably a bit extra careful? In the evening came another doctor. It turned out to be her husband, and when I talked for over an hour with him I asked again "Do you know what it is I have?" 
He looked just as confused as his wife and gave me the same intelligent answer, "No, I can not tell, we have to examine you first?" 
I said nothing. It seemed strange, they had examined me at least two hours. In Sweden and Brazil, on the other hand it took two minutes to find out that they did not know even if they said they did?? Still there was hope, and the food was excellent. The room was cheaper than the hotel I was used to in South America. The next day they started with water massage by pouring water in symmetrical patterns over my body. They used a kettle with a spout that gave a smooth cooling beam. 
Three days later the main doctor called me into his office. They knew what it was? The diagnosis was done. (Ten hours of conversations and surveys?) They could cure me in three weeks? He wanted to know if I had interest to do the treatment? 
"Sure. Yes, I will, but can you tell me what is it I am sick of?" I wondered. 
I had not put that question more times, but now it was obviously the time to get the real answer. 
"You have been too much in the sun and you've eaten way too much meat. It has made your body too hot. Your body type is hot in itself and if you eat the wrong things or stay too long in the sun, this problems can appear. There is food that lowers the heat in the body and increases it. Your body is 75 % Pita and was probably even more when you were younger. If you want to eat something else than what we serve you, you must ask first. You can not eat all kind of food and it is important to follow what we recommend if we are going to succeed curing you. But normally there should not be any problems. An important question is whether you have used hormonal therapies, such as hormone ointments, steroids and the like? If you have used hormones, we probably need to use other methods and it can take a little longer time. It also happens that we are not able to cure patients if they have used hormone therapy for a long time. We will visit you every day and monitor what happens. But as I said; in three weeks you should be rid of your rash. Is there anything you wonder about? " 
I had not used any hormonal preparations. I've always been restrictive with that. I had read a little about Ayurveda Medicine and understood what he meant by Pita-body so I asked what the other 25% consisted of and was informed that it was "Vata." (The third body type is "Kappa" which is a cool body type.) 
The last thing that leaves us is hope and the doctor gave me an impression of knowing what he was doing. He was trained in both Western and Ayurvedic medicine. Later I understood that he carried out research for the Indian state in Ayurvedic medicine. He partly owned the small hospital. The other two doctors were his daughter and son in law. 
There were 4-5 rooms downstairs, costing one dollar a night and was primarily for the local population. On second floor it was more costly but the most expensive room was just 10 dollar, TV included. My room was the cheapest on the second floor, which consisted of two beds, a desk, and a huge toilet. Half the cost without TV that I'll never watch. 
After two weeks of daily water massage, some bitter brown stuff to drink every morning and evening and treatment with some smelly oil, nothing had really happened? The rash itched constantly and pained when I happened to touch it? The doctors came to see me three times a day. When there was one week left of the promised three I was called into the office by the main doctor. 
"How do you feel now, have you noticed any changes? Does the new oil help?" 
"Well, it is not worse if you say so, but any major change I do not feel? I sweat as much as before. The inflammatory part leaks less than before, I believe? And it feels pretty good to be cooled of by water massage?" 
"Tomorrow starts your real treat. Tomorrow morning you will start with a kind of fast. You will also drink something we call "Ghee". Ghee is actually "clarified butter" with some added herbs. You will have to drink a large glass of Ghee in the morning and just after a few minutes, you will need to empty the bowel, so stay close to the toilet. You'll get no breakfast, but later on you will have a late lunch and supper. This kind of fasting will take 5-6 days. We will follow up what is happening with you. And every day we increase the dose of Ghee - you have to drink it all. " 
"Ok." 
After five days of treatment with Ghee along with massage and everything else, I still couldn't notice any change? The lump started to appear. Could I live with this the rest of my life? What would next step be? Acupuncture? It felt like I had no more choices? When I start shiting pure Ghee then the doctor seemed pleased? 
"Your Ghee-treatment is now over," he took my arm and rubbed it hard and told me to smell? 
"It smells like Ghee," I said. 
"That's right, now your body is full of Ghee. In fact every cell in your body is full of Ghee. The past weeks we have treated your body heat with water massage. We have purified your blood with the bitter black "stuff" as you call it. And tomorrow morning we will put you in a steam bath - and push out the rash!" 
I didn't say anything, he seemed to know what he was talking about although it was far from the kind of medicine I was used to. I wasn't particularly impressed by the Western medicine because it never managed to cure my allergies that I suffered from for at least 20 years. What got me free from that was acupuncture. Not even regular acupuncture something named "ear acupuncture" which is now available everywhere in Europe, especially in Germany. The correct term is "auriculo-therapy" from the French word for ear? The technique originated from northeastern Africa and is probably a healing art from Pharaonic times. 
In France, there is now a school started up by a French doctor who found the method when he treated emigrants from northeastern Africa. He saw that many patients had strange black marks on the ears, and when asked they told him that it was the medicine man in the village who had treated them? Another one of those mystical traditions that our wise Western medical organizations is fighting by all means. A fight about money, power and prestige, but mostly I think it is about ignorance and a kind of lack of time to form a broad understanding of life. (They have to put their time to update themselves on what new pill has arrived on the market.) 
It was time for a steam bath an early morning in a small village in India, where a reluctant man sat down in a machine resembling the 1800 century. The staff lit the gas poured water over the fabric strips that was wrapped around the thin leaking copper pipes. I have always loved sauna but it was the first time I sat in a steam bath module, or what it is called? They locked the doors and after a few minutes the heat rose to perhaps fifty degrees. I wanted them to put it up a little more but there was no greater sensation. I noted when they had turned off the gas and fumbled with the doors so I could get out - that nothing had happened. The doctor looked at the rash and said “we will do the same treatment tomorrow morning”? 
The next morning with a staff that now had a little more experience of the machine it was getting warmer and I got a little feeling of being in a sauna. When I finally stepped out on the floor, it was like a newborn man? I noticed immediately that it didn't hurt anymore when I dried myself with the towel? It didn't itch any longer? I looked with surprise at the doctor and said "something has happened, it doesn't itch?" 
It had succeeded? A couple of hours later the whole rash including the inflammatory parts was covered with a huge scab. No itching and no pain at all? Three or four days later the scab fell of and the rash never appeared again? 
I got my life back. Perhaps, because my attention was caught by a person with an honest message. The amazing was that I found a way back to the memory of the event in spite of all media noise? 
I stayed a few weeks at the hospital and went through some minor treatments. During the time at the hospital, I got to know a woman who had diabetes type 2 when she arrived, she took tablets but not insulin injections. She was an Indian living in Malaysia. A month later, she was almost cured? Of course it is difficult, almost impossible for a brainwashed Westerner to believe? They live in a scientific, civilized world. Marshall McLuhan writes in Understanding Media; "Every culture and every age has its favorite model of perception and knowledge that it is inclined to prescribe for everybody and everything." 
Half of all men and one third of all women in Sweden will get some form of cancer during their lives. Someone thinks it's logic because the population get older, while the doctors are getting better on saving people from diseases that previously killed them? And something you have to die from? What happened to those who died a natural death? They who just fell asleep and didn't wake up next day? They were just old? Worn out. 
"Natural death" has decreased, while life expectancy has increased? Who did die a natural death in the old days? Many died from a hard life then, but today the "natural death" seems to be cancer? Still today there exist cultures on our planet who has no cancer?  And we know many cultures that never had cancer until the Western lifestyle entered? Or people coming from cultures who have never have had cancer, but they developed cancer when they emigrated to the West? The cancer is directly linked to the Western lifestyle. If we can find the important differences maybe we can avoid becoming a victim? And that has already been done by several experts in the fields of medicine and biology. Persons with long experience in practical medicine. They were immediately attacked by the cancer industry and had to leave their lives more or less "head over heels." Their theories and practices has been fought in every way possible. How it was done can be studied in a book written by Edward Griffin, "World without Cancer". 
I will try to give a short description of where we stand in the cancer issue today and how the last hundred years has influenced the development of modern medicine, the Western medicine. It is always a great advantage to be able to start from the end of the thread and then jump back and forth in time. To see what really have happened. 

CANCER 
(1) In 1995, it was finally made clear that "the Trophoblast Theory of Cancer" is the correct explanation of how cancer arises. It was finally demonstrated with the help of genetics that it is this theory that applies. That it is the same function that operates when an embryo is prepared place in the placenta as when cancer develop. This was already described in 1902 by John Beard, professor of embryology at the University of Edinburgh, in the medical journal "The Lancet". His work was well-founded. It will take 93 years before the establishment of medicine would have to accept that theory. 
The first time Dr. Krebs, Sr. came in contact with the plant Leptotaenia Dissecta was by Washoe Indians who used it as a medicinal plant. Dr. Krebs used it with almost 100 percent success in a flu epidemic in 1918, which raged across the United States. Dr. Krebs saved hundreds of his patients, which led to Dr. Krebs began studying the plant. He managed to isolate the active substance and therefore became the first in history presenting an antibiotic attacking microorganisms without harming humans. Journal of the American Medical Association, however, rejected his theory. Thirty-five years later a PhD Daniel Everett Johnson in microbiology, showed that Leptonin was effective against hundreds of harmful microorganisms. Leptonin was exactly the same substance as Dr. Krebs used, extracted from the roots of the plant. Leptonin has nothing to do with cancer, but it may be worth knowing that our Dr. Krebs has worked with more than cancer and that his previous experience is fundamental when he in the 50's start examining cancer which he had seen so many patients suffer from. 
Dr. Krebs again makes the connection that the solution is either in a plant or in the food. Dr. Beard had the same thoughts. A natural conclusion Dr. Krebs drew was that the cancer appeared linked to the "white man" and the difference between the "white man" and other cultures were largely food, and his detachment from nature. The "white man" used nowadays no plants to cure himself and his food had departed more and more from what he previously ate. Nowadays food was pure refined "white" products promoted by the industry as "food cleaner and healthier than what nature could produce". White bread vitaminized considered healthier than the brown bread they ate in uncivilized times. 
It was actually Dr. Krebs son that finally demonstrates what it is that makes cancer develop: He said this about his father's research: 
(1) “Dr Krebs has pointed out that, in the entire history of medical science, there has not been one chronic, metabolic disease that was ever cured or prevented by drugs, surgery, or mechanical manipulation of the body. In every case—whether it be scurvy, pellagra, rickets, beri-beri, night blindness, pernicious anemia, or any of the others—the ultimate solution was found only in factors relating to adequate nutrition.” 
(Chronic means that the disease does not go away by itself and metabolic means that it is not contagious.) 
(1) Dr. Albert Schweitzer who worked many years in Africa as a medical doctor was often surprised that there was no cancer where he came. His conclusion was that the cancer probably had to do with the diet. The Hunza people in northern Pakistan has no cancer and their wealth is counted in the number of apricot trees owned. They eat relatively large amounts of apricot seeds which contains something called vitamin B17. The Eskimos is another culture who had no cancer until Western culture reached them. Eskimos lived mainly on meat. Azerbaijan is a country with the same happy circumstances as the Hunza people. 
Cancer is a deficiency disease, like scurvy? Scurvy is caused by lack of vitamin C. Nature has in the cancer case created a backup system and that system is supplied from outside. It is a vitamin, named vitamin B17 by Dr Krebs. The primary system works with the help of enzymes produced in the pancreas, the "proteolytic enzymes". Enzymes used for breaking down proteins, such as meat. 
The process that can end in cancer always begins as a normal reparation of a damage occurred by one reason or another at cellular level? In the lungs, at the skin, or any other location. The system send a repair packet which build a protein shell around the repair site. The shell has a negative charge causing the immune system not being able to attack. When the reparation is finished the proteolytic enzymes will get a signal to break down the shell. After it's done the immune system can come in and clear up the rest. 
If dismantling of the protective protein wall fails the reparation will continue, indefinitely. Since the immune system is negatively charged it can not come close to the cell as long as the shell is in place with its negative charge, the repairs will continue "forever"; which we recognize as a cancer cell. If the pancreas of some reason has reduced functionality (diabetics), or if the proteolytic enzymes are busy breaking down protein (red meat and other protein-rich food, such as cheese), then as earlier mentioned a back-up system from outside can take over the work. A system you control yourself because it is up to each one of us how much of those substances we put in our bodies. Vitamin B17 was discovered by Dr. Krebs. He extracted it from apricot kernels and the concentrated form he named "Laetrile." 
Laetrile is concentrated Amygdalin. Amygdalin is known since the late 1900s, a bitter substance that is naturally found in our food. Unfortunately Amygdalin has gradually disappeared in the "white man's" food after he became civilized. The civilized man don't want bitter "unpalatable" dishes on his dining table and since civilization enables him to guide production towards what he wants, Amygdalin has more or less disappeared from his food. Either because removed altogether, or the products slowly changed by planting the seeds with a minor genetic change toward less Amygdalin. After a few hundred years development, we now have sweeter food. One type of food that is easy to become addicted to. One can of course blame the market? 
Amygdalin consists of four molecules; two glucose, a benzaldehyd and a cyanide molecule. Cyanide and benzaldehyd are tightly bounded and it is just under special circumstances that they are released. We know that cyanide is toxic. They use it in the United States to execute people with? If benzaldehyd is released simultaneously with cyanide toxicity increases a hundredfold? And - isn't it amazing how nature works? It turns out that there is a substance in the body that trigger these two substances. Beta-glucoside is present in large amount around the cancer cell when the repair work is done? And isn't it just amazing that nature is so arranged that the cells around the cancer cell, the healthy cell, has a surplus of another substance, rhodanese, which converts cyanide and benzaldehyd into beneficial nutrients for the body's natural functioning cells? The single cell poisoned is the cancer cell. 
The two systems are complementary and should always be on top. So be it that the industry knew what they were doing when they sweetened our food to make us dependent on the sugar, but there was certainly no one who understood what the consequences of the removal of Amygdalin would lead to. Cancer development follows obviously the inverse curve of dietary content of Amygdalin. The following explains why Dr. Krebs, Jr. uses the term vitamin for vitamin B17, that we probably haven't heard of before? (Nitrilosides is the chemical name for Amygdalin). We read following from Ed Griffin's book "World Without Cancer": 
(1) “Can the water-soluble non-toxic nitrilosides properly be described as food? Probably not in the strict sense of the word. They are certainly not drugs per se.... Since the nitrilosides are neither food nor drug, they may be considered as accessory food factors. Another term for water-soluble, non-toxic accessory food factors is vitamin.” 
Dr. Krebs also found vitamin B15, "Pangamic Acid". Without going deeper into the processes, which can be studied in the "World Without Cancer", one can say that the lack of certain enzymes and vitamins makes the natural healing process lose control and we develop cancer. Although vitamin B17 is important there are of course several other vitamins that can affect the development of cancer. Cancer is a deficiency disease - nothing else! Dr. Krebs contribution is vitamin B17. And what we call carcinogens or cancer-causing substances are nothing but substances that damage the body at cellular level and therefore causes a trophoblast-repair to start. But what cause the cancer in itself is that the repair can not be stopped and therefore will continue "for ever"? 
The "The American Medical Association" (AMA) goes on attack in 1953 through its sister organization "California Medical Association" who makes a "scientific" study. They do present many charts and tests and the conclusion that Laetrile has no effect whatsoever. The report is published in California Medicine unsigned. Two of those who wrote the report are physicians involved in cancer treatments, one is a surgeon and the other is a radiologist. They can't be considered as neutral scientists. 
Both are doctors and dishonest doctors have never existed, or? Well, charlatans and quacks like Dr. Krebs, Dr. Ivy, and many others. In the moment they supported a cheap vitamin AMA and other reputable organizations such as the FDA and the National Cancer Institute (NCI) became their sworn enemies. The doctors who were destroyed had an unquestioned past but after they "changed side" they were pictured in several medical journals as killers and presented in newspapers and television always in handcuffs. Meanwhile AMA received 14 million dollar in research funding from the tobacco industry. The money were used in 203 different research projects, such as; mice reaction to nicotine, nicotine receptors in the snail brain. 198 of the projects dealt with similar studies, while five (5) was about cancer directly linked to people's tobacco smoking. The conclusion was that it could not be established any direct links between cancer and cigarette smoking, despite 203 completed research projects? One of the two doctors who fought the above vitamin thesis of cancer openly boasted over that he had smoked since childhood and he was a living proof that tobacco was harmless. He, however, died of lung cancer while his colleague died due to smoking in bed? 
The report was published in California Medicine as hereinafter always referred to by authorities in discussions about Laetrile effectiveness combating cancer. The report became known as "The California Report". 
Ten years later, in 1963, the State of California adopted "The California Report" as its own and the public all of a sudden had access to all the details? Now the public could see that the two doctors had changed the conclusions from what the underlaying reports had showed. They could also see that the doses of Laetrile used were far too low to have any real effect. In spite of this the authorities continued to blindly follow "The California Report". In 1970, a new research was going to take place. But FDA found out about it and stopped it immediately! The reason was that Laetrile was a toxic substance? Chemotherapy and radiation are among the most toxics we ever have had in medicine! Not Laetrile? 
Let us look at a report that came from John Hopkins Hospital (representing the modern Western medicine, now changing view) sometime after 2010, here are some of the points : 
”Point 4: When a person has cancer it indicates the person has multiple nutritional deficiencies. These could be due to genetic, environmental, food and lifestyle factors.  
Point 5: To overcome the multiple nutritional deficiencies, changing diet and including supplements {vitamins} will strengthen the immune system. 
Point 11d: To obtain live enzymes for building healthy cells try and drink fresh vegetable juice (most vegetables including bean sprouts) and eat some raw vegetables 2 or 3 times a day. Enzymes are destroyed at temperatures of 104 degrees F (40 degrees C). 
Point 13: Cancer cell walls have a tough protein covering. By refraining from or eating less meat it frees more enzymes to attack the protein walls of cancer cells and allows the body's killer cells to destroy the cancer cells.” 
Let's stop here for a while and look at the recommendations that Dr. Krebs gave the order to build a vitamin B17 defenses against cancer. He suggested the following: (2) 
”KERNELS OR SEEDS OF FRUIT: The highest concentration of vitamin B-17 to be found in nature, aside from bitter almonds. Apple, apricot, cherry, nectarine, peach, pear, plum, prune. 
BEANS: broad (Vicia faba), burma, chickpeas, lentils (sprouted), Lima beans, Mung beans (sprouted). 
NUTS: Bitter almond, Macadamia, Cashew. 
BERRIES: Almost all wild berries. Blackberry, chokeberry, Christmas berry, cranberry, elderberry, raspberry, strawberry. 
SEEDS: Chia, flax, sesame. GRASSES: Acacia, alfalfa (sprouted), aquatic, Johnson, milkweed, Sudan, minus, wheat grass, white dover. 
GRAINS: oat groats, barley, brown rice, buckwheat groats, chia, flax, millet, rye, vetch, wheat berries. 
MISCELLANEOUS: bamboo shoots, fuchsia plant, sorghum, wild hydrangea, yew tree (needles, fresh leaves).” 
We see the similarities with what the John Hopkins Hospital recommends today. Dr. Krebs points out strongly that one should not eat unlimited amounts of fruit kernels from e.g apricot, apple, cherry, plum etc because you can be poisoned. Therefore, follow the recommendations given. The basic rule is that you can eat the seeds in the fruit you eat. If you eat, for example, three apple a day you can eat the kernels too. If you eat ten apricots per day so you can eat the kernels too. Cherry and bitter almonds are much more toxic. 
So in 2010, we are on the way to achieve what some men had achieved more than fifty years ago; those men who were handcuffed and pictured as quacks. So, the liars was the truth tellers. Those who accused them were Food and Drug Administration (FDA) that we heard about earlier in connection with Monsanto and in connection with the sales of Bayer's HIV contaminated blood to the world. How much did they know? 
FDA is the agency that approves or rejects all medications in the United States. The experts used have often been directly involved and dependent on the pharmaceutical industry. Often the researcher owns shares in the companies they investigate, having high consultant fees, or is involved in other financial ways. A man FDA completely crushed was Dr Ivy. He was responsible for the Clinical Research Department at the University of Illinois. Had among other things been responsible for more than 350 candidates in their doctoral dissertations. He was an American representative at the Nuremberg trials and had all the awards from the AMA that can be obtained. He had written over a thousand articles in scientific and medical journals. The moment he began to use his own methods for cancer treatment, he was immediately attacked and soon annihilated. Why? He had found a substance that he saw helped against cancer. An inexpensive method compared with the methods AMA recommended; cut, poison and burn. In other words surgery, chemotherapy and radiation. Incredibly expensive methods. Methods in which the patient usually dies of the therapy if he survives the cancer. Today John Hopkins Hospital says: 
”Point 6: Chemotherapy involves poisoning the rapidly-growing cancer cells and also destroys rapidly-growing healthy cells in the bone marrow, gastrointestinal tract etc, and can cause organ damage, like liver, kidneys, heart, lungs etc. 
Point 7. Radiation while destroying cancer cells also burns, scars and damages healthy cells, tissues and organs. 
Point 8. Initial treatment with chemotherapy and radiation will often reduce tumor size. However prolonged use of chemotherapy and radiation do not result in more tumor destruction. 
Point 9. When the body has too much toxic burden from chemotherapy and radiation the immune system is either compromised or destroyed, hence the person can succumb to various kinds of infections and complications. 
Point 10. Chemotherapy and radiation can cause cancer cells to mutate and become resistant and difficult to destroy. Surgery can also cause cancer cells to spread to other sites.” 
Many persons know their doctor as an honest, committed, knowledgeable and intelligent person so they wonder of course why he or she doesn't know about the methods with Laetrile or food with Amygdalin or have ever heard about Vitamin B17? Many doctors have been warning us for quacks but when we see the logic above, you of course starts to wonder? Why doesn't my doctor know this? Is there a conspiracy behind? 
No, there is no conspiracy. Doctors are also using cancer treatments like surgery, radiation and chemotherapy on themselves and their nearest. They are not aware of any other methods, and if they are they don't rely on them. This shows that there is no conspiracy behind. 
What drives everything is money. As long as the pharmaceutical industry makes money it is ok. If they set the price, then they prefer to sell well-functioning medication. Secondly, they sell drugs that may not work that well, and at worst, they sell drugs that are not even worth the name. But they will not let anyone else into the market. In this way also the pharmaceutical industries representatives becomes victim because also their family members will die completely unnecessary and in great pain. In cut, poison and burn treatment. 
Most medications in modern Western medicine has been derived from plants. Plants found in different cultures "family medicine." They learn how the drug function by studying the indigenous communities who use the medicinal plant. The active substance is then extracted sometimes by quite advanced methods but usually not. The next step is to take a patent on the molecule, and finally learn to produce the substance in a simple chemical process. Why the detour? Why don't they just use the plant? Well, you can't patent plants! Not even if you have 20 million US dollar? 
The final step is to get the drug approved for sale. The testing procedure for a new medicine FDA cost around 20 million U.S. dollars? (Despite of that high cost many drugs still have serious side effects. Perhaps it is more correct to say "because of that" many drugs has serious side effects?) 
This means that no pharmaceutical company in the world has interest in testing plants because they can't be patented. One the other hand there is interest in testing plants to derive the active molecule from the plant and patent that. From this follows, for America's part, that a doctor can not treat their patients with plants. He may only use FDA-approved drugs. If not, he lose his medical license and might end up in jail. 
The doctors are not involved in any conspiracy. The cost of 20 million dollar to test a drug? Isn't that a conspiracy? Might be? At least we can now see who uses the situation to its own advantage, which shows a lot. 
Those who don't have 20 million and all herbal remedies is effectively stopped. Germany and Europe in large has a quite different approach to alternative medicine. One exception might be Sweden that has been very active in the modern medicine? Still the fight about the money is there. 
The main problem with the modern medicine seems to be side effects. And side effects appears in the moment you extract the active molecule. Treated with the whole plant there isn't so serious problems for the patient concerning side effects. Our biological process is more bio-chemical than chemical, obviously? 
Several diseases can not be cured with modern medicines and alternative treatments is fought so intensely that they are about to disappear forever in our free market. The question many ask is how could it end up like this? To answer that I choose to describe a major player (family) which actions in the world of medicine (and business) has been known for at least a hundred years. A player that has affected a lot of the policies developed in transnational corporations. They founded Trilateral Commission and was a driving force in the Council on Foreign Affairs. Ed Griffin gives a more detailed picture in his book "World Without Cancer" than I can give you here of course. 
IG Farben and Rockefeller started a close relationship as they described by the word "marriage" when their companies formed a cooperation through cartels. Rockefeller already had a bad reputation among the public because of the oil business, so he deliberately chose to stay in the background when he entered the medicine industry. People were more aware at that time, around 1910-20, not yet anesthetized by television. People knew very well what Rockefeller and other gentlemen were doing. Information was given by newspapers at the time owned by different groups in society. Today the information channels is owned by the top one (1) percent almost without exception. So the people at that time knew what was going on and society was stirred up by manifestations against the greed from the rich. 
A new technique came up and was tested to rebuild Rockefeller's reputation. A method hatched by a certain Fred T Gates. His idea was to use charitable funds to get projects done. Gates named it Efficiency in Philanthropy. Efficiency in welfare is a calculation in how much a given input can give back. First time Rockefeller tried the concept was back in 1890 when he donated 600.000 dollar to the Baptist University of Chicago, provided that other businessmen in the city donated 400,000. And since Rockefeller was the largest donor, it seemed like he had donate one million? Prayer meetings and sermons across the country raises him to the sky. Some said that at last they had found their Good Leader! Felicity and happiness was great among all who had participated, among those who managed to collect the remaining 400.000. Without them, it would never have been possible - and all the glory went to Rockefeller whose name was put up on memory plaques, and in historical annals. 
The "name of the game" is to always be the largest donor and get as many as possible from the public to participate to collect the rest to the fund. Charity Funds is connected to one's name - the Rockefellers XX-found. Always promise to donate at least as much money to the fund as the public can raise. All articles written and - all the people standing in the streets making advertisements for one's name from morning to night. People who takes your party for a better world. Tax free also. That alone is almost good enough, but still not. Much more can be extracted from Efficiency in Philanthropy. 
Around 1910 the American medical system had extremely low quality and Rockefeller together with Carnegie offers to build up a modern medicine system including education, medical industry and hospitals all over the country. Everything is built on funds and charity fund raising When the new universities opens up they have the best equipment in the world and the best professors. Hospitals are built all over the country and every time a hospital or a university is ready to operate the benevolent persons that had made everything possible offered themselves to participate in the work at the board of the universities. It was received with open arms - What a favor! Those who donated millions also wanted to participate in the planning? What an honor! In a decade or two Wall Street had built up and taken control of all medical universities that we know of today. Wall Street participate when all major decisions were taken how the medicine in United States should develop. 
Efficiency in Philanthropy gave Wall Street full control over the American education in medicine and the whole industry, of course. The research was only focused on medicine that can be controlled and patented. 
So, with quite small money you can literally control the whole world, at least in medicine, food and agriculture … . Those who supplied half of the money didn't receive anything but cancer, diabetes, chemotherapy, radiation and the like ... and high food prices. While the changes began to take shape with the help of Efficiency in Philanthropy came another effective instrument Engineering of Consent, or Propaganda. Those two tools fit well together. 
Polio vaccine with much other medicine was given to the world. It is impossible today to give any medicine to the US because it cost $ 20 million to get it through FDA? Several times I have shown the disadvantages of patents and here we see it again. We die in painful diseases because the patent laws can not be met. We must be stupid, lazy or afraid – to find out? 
Our honest family doctor thus comes from a medical schools where he learned a lot about incredible pills (and because the pills is constantly evolving they must perpetually update their knowledge which is more or less impossible since there are too many). They don't know much about nutrition as it is not included to any higher degree in the education. But they will be able to prescribe medication to you in 99 cases out of 100, because that's what they are trained for. Recognizing the symptoms, and prescribe a drug. 
I have wondered for many years about the system the doctors are working under. I mean, I would not leave my car to a mechanic who had been working on stand by the past 48 or 72 hours? I would have chosen one who had slept during the night and was ready and fit. But my body, especially when I am victim of a serious accident and it ends up in the emergency room, in the hands of a doctor who may not slept during the night? Why is it so? 
I was finally told by a doctor after asking quite many. He looked a little ashamed when he said, "it is about money". We get our higher salary working nights over several days. That's the only reason." 
There is possibly another "hidden" reason? A person who is constantly fatigued from night work can't think clearly? He will not fit in particularly well in the social life because of his time schedule. He becomes like a small isolated island in the society system and I think that's a reason? The high salary is the bribe for him to accept that he will not have time to engage himself to understand ordinary people's lives. He knows very little about what the system do to ordinary people. Because he is isolated. 
Doctors has historically been people with high empathetic talent. Empathy is one of the most important tools in the process of diagnosis; when the physician can feel the patient's illness. In today's modern world of medicine however, many of the newly educated doctors has no empathy for their patient? Surveys indicate that 40 percent of Swedish doctors lack empathy for their patient? Career suits better in the system of what today's modern medicine represent. You become a doctor to a higher degree because of career and social status than because having mirror neurons in abundance. 
(1) Under pressure from the public and different organizations a testing on Laetrile took place between 1972 and 1977 on the renowned "Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan" under the guidance of the most experienced and highly respected Dr Kanematsu Sugiura. He had more than 60 years experience in the field? Dr Kanematsu Sugiura however almost became a disaster for Sloan-Kettering when he demonstrated that Laetrile was a well-functioning anti-cancer agent? 
(3) Sloan-Kettering one of the largest cancer center, the land was donated by the Rockefellers along with other large donations, beginning in 1927, three years before the building of the hospital started. Three Rockefeller sat on the board during the time Dr. Kanematsu Sugiura conducted the tests. A document from the Sloan-Kettering Board Meeting July 2, 1974 says that "Sloan-Kettering has no interest in studying Amygdalin but have an interest in studying cyanide-releasing drugs". That's the same thing as saying that Amygdalin is not interesting because it can not be patented, while there is interest in "cyanide-releasing drugs" since they can be patented. 
The hospital finally succeeds in destroying and totally denying what Sloan-Kettering staff previously had confirmed regarding Dr. Kanematsu Sugiuras interesting results. As the board realized what was about to happen they intervened decisively. Two independent investigations started to investigate Dr. Sugiuras investigation but was closed down. Finally they found a doctor outside the Sloan-Kettering who obtained the right results. Laetrile didn't work! Sloan-Kettering's Board were satisfied. Everything was turned inside out, and Wall Street could continue the lucrative treatments with surgery, radiation and chemotherapy. 
(3) An interesting note from the documentary "The Science and Politics of Cancer" by Edward Griffin is when Sloan-Kettering finally shows that Laetrile does not have a greater effect on mice's with cancer than placebo had? The placebo was common saltwater and it showed that the tumors stopped growing during 40 percent of the time the tests was carried out, the same results that Laetrile had? It means that salt water is an effective cancer treatment - otherwise the trials must be rigged, or? 
(4, 5) Cancer had never really been a major political issue until Mary Lasker began impacting the establishment in the United States. Her husband had died of cancer leaving behind many millions that she wanted to use to fight cancer. She got the stars from Hollywood to encourage the public to donate money. This led to Nixon declaring war on cancer 1971, and the state invested $ 100 million. 
It took a while but once the researchers got hold of a particular black woman's cancer cells the research exploded. The woman's name was Henrietta Lacks and her cells was named HeLa. 
Normal human cells had all died when the laboratories attempted to cultivate them but now the laboratories exploded with life from HeLa and eventually all the laboratories in the world had in one way or another come into contact with HeLa. HeLa become a very costly experience but finally it was found out that cancer is not a virus. So no vaccines can cure cancer. 
The next step was to focus if the solution was to find in the world of genes? It could mean that it was determined even before your birth if you were going to die of cancer, a time bomb? But it was also wrong! Genetics alone can not solve the mystery of cancer. It's more complicated than so. 1995 by using genetics it could be shown that the Trophoblast theory is correct. Still the amount of charitable funds have never greater than today, asking people to give money to cancer research? Huge economic contribution that the research community lives well on. More now lives from cancer than dies from cancer? At least in the United States. 
It's pretty amazing to see how those who stood up for what they not only believed in but also knew was scientifically right how they were eliminated often in brutal ways, while those who made the correct errors in FDA later received well payed jobs in the private pharmaceutical industry. Cautious "generals" sit in various boards and most of the time things runs on routine. Research results provide patent that generate a lot of income. 
Sometimes, there are things that must be stopped. And then you have to be brutal, using all power and flood the market with information - shock the people so they can't understand anything? Using your TV channels, radio stations, newspapers and all necessary contacts - but not being seen. The banking system, the oil industry and the pharmaceutical industry use methods that resembles, and it's no wonder - they have the same owners. In United States it was for a long time Rockefeller and JP Morgan. What names they have today has no significance. The important thing is to know how the system is built. Although the one (1) percent or the a fraction of the one (1) percent in the top sometimes get new names, the process is the same; transnational companies linked to cartels enriching themselves at the expense of what the 80 percent manages to save up. Nowadays the process, or system if you want, not only to look - but empty - the 20 percents assets. 
I want to alert the reader to be extremely careful with vaccinations of children. There is a clear connection between severe diseases and vaccinations. Autism is one. The Internet has information. ADHD is another epidemic that pharmaceutical industry earns huge money on and many are now critical of how we "kill" children's activity. I recommend Sir Ken Robinson (on YouTube) who has extensive experience in education. He is critical of the school worlds way to solve problems. 
According to McLuhan the new generations brains is less linear and more holographic. A holographic brain is unlimited and obviously not possible to control in the same way as a linear brain. A person who on the other hand grew up in a world of Gutenberg printing technique will voluntarily stay within rows and columns. Or rather - he loves to keep himself within limits and within himself. Todays children do not have this ability of limitation. They are part of a group. They do no longer function as solitary individual or as coding or decoding creatures? 
Children develop their talents between each others in their culture. We must realize that a ten year old has developed a faster and denser language than his teacher has. Don't forget who teaches us to use our new electronic devices. So, please do not drug all of our holographic genius' we need them for the future. 
Of course I have looked at what Edward Griffin achieved over the years and partly I'm not very impressed. He has a burning spirit and is occasionally brilliant in his conclusions. With hindsight one can see that he trusted the information channels that they now know is totally "out in the blue." He wasn't the only one that read Claire Sterling's book - "The Terror Network", built on pure fiction (most found up by CIA?). Earlier he tried to show a conspiracy, "The Grand Design" that is also in retrospect vivid imagination. To me Edward Griffin, makes sense when he compares systems - monopoly built on cartels, communism and socialism. His conclusion is that these systems are essentially equivalent. He uses the term totalitarian for those system and I have accepted that word as a close description. Somebody might find it is better expressed by word "hierarchical" and that totalitarianism is related to dictatorship? A system that is definitely not totalitarian or hierarchical is the anarchist system? I never heard Edward Griffin express any opinion about anarchism but his works in the Freedom Force International is perhaps reminiscent of anarchism? An indefatigable information gatherer he is, but unfortunately not with the same rigor as Noam Chomsky or Adam Curtis. 
"World Without Cancer" shows that Dr. Ivy and Dr. Krebs with many others were on the right track. The book shows logically why the modern Western medicine has come to be only about money. It is not difficult to see that the methods used in the pharmaceutical industry to gain power is also used by other industries. The food industry has today resulted in food that we and our children get sick or even worse, die from. It is interesting to follow the steps Western medicine takes today. John Hopkins Hospital has been forced to change its direction. The change is gradual so they still can hold up an image that the modern Western medicine is reliable. The intelligent medicine. Pure Science. 
Our antibiotics sings on the final verse. Several bacterias and viruses are already resistant while others have a last options left. Many people are asking why there isn't more research. The reason seems again to be about patent laws. 
Antibiotics are built by attaching various "appendages" on a basic molecule structure. When the patent protection time expires, any other companies can copy your product and the prices will fall significantly. 
If a company would take out a patent on a new basic molecule structure in antibiotics today they would probably not have sold very much. The medicine would be far too expensive compared to what the older antibiotics cost. Of course those with diseases were the old antibiotic didn't work, they would buy - and save their lives? That sounds like a good reason to start doing something now? 
The problem is once again a patent problem? From the day the company receives a new patent starts the countdown to the day when the patent period expires (about 15 years). To a company, it is economic madness to release, or start researching on new antibiotics until as many as possible are resistant to the old antibiotics. The irony is that we therefore are forced to seek cure with the help of the old proven medicinal plants? The Internet contains information on effective herbal medicine - that helps. They are free, have no side effects and do not create a lifetime addiction. But they are obviously not comparable with what the incredible lifesaver antibiotics and penicillin has been, historically. 
Again, we have seen how badly the patent laws functions and it's always us who pays the bill. But "when you've worked all week then you are entitled to drink a beer and watch some football." 
# 

The ferry from Helsingor to Helsingborg with the rain hanging in the sky. I'll find a place on the beach where I pitch the tent. An incredible view, for a Scanian who hasn't been home for five years. Landskrona silhouette on the horizon. Denmark a stone throw away with the island Hven in between. Home again. 
Bins at arm's length distance, clean and nice all around. People nod as they pass by. Dog owners keep control while they greet friendly. I am pleased that Sweden still has its heart at the right place and the next morning when I cycle up to the golf club to fill up water they don't even even notice me? No one cares that there is an ordinary poor person, no one thinks about it. No one is afraid? There stands a man, nothing more. When I enter the clubhouse and ask for water friendliness is shown. We are talking in an easy, effortless way and soon they find out that I biked around Europe the last year - and in a few other places the years before. It's also one of their dreams and they seem to be prepared to replace the golf clubs, car and everything else to a free and different life. I'll give them my email address. 
A few days later I am passing by Limhamn were I have spend some time of my life. When it comes a few drops from the sky I'll take shelter at one of the three-story houses built in the early 60's. (Remaining a bit of the graveyard in Spain?) A man comes by in full speed on his bicycle but managed to say hello! Loud and clear. He hurries down into the basement to put down the bike. He's back just in time to hold up the door for his wife. 
"Hey, what are you doing here?" He asks kindly, looking curiously at my big luggage bags. 
"I take shelter for rain, but it doesn't look too bad?" 
"Do you like to come up and have a cup of coffee with us?" He asks when the wife comes up from the basement and greet. 
"Yes, that would nice, but the bicycle?" 
"We put it in the basement, it's ok. There are no thieves here. They are in the bank!" He says laughingly looking a little extra on his wife? 
When the coffee is hot, I understand that I have met two ordinary Swedes. They are retired, Kenneth from a factory job and Gunilla from the bank. She got an offer of early retirement and took it directly. 
"You know, I loved my job for many years, but after the new economic system started ... It became more and more apparent ... and after many years, I realized that I couldn't deceive my old customers any longer? They didn't know anything about stocks or mutual funds, hedge founds and so on, although some believed they did? I knew, however, that they were deceived and finally I couldn't do it anymore. You know ... it was not worth it. I was ashamed every day for what I did and eventually I couldn't manage it any longer." She looked me straight in the eye, she was proud, but there was also some anxiety for what she had done. 
It is wonderful to meet the real people ... and to find them where I was born. People today are so enslaved that most people probably do not take decisions on those grounds. Instead they keep telling themselves that because everyone else is doing it, they can do it? Our world has never been worse than it is today, and therefore it can only get better thanks to people like Gunilla and Kenneth. 
It was nice to come home. Sweden is very special but everybody are losers at the moment and have been so for three decades at least. If we follow todays ideals we will all turn into "Miserables". If we do not take the fight. It has been done before and can be done again. It must be done with non-violence. The world is a world where everyone can be rich but first we must learn what it means and what freedom is. To achieve freedom, we must learn to break habits. To be free means to never obey or being servile. 
(1) Edward Griffin, ”World without Cancer”. 
(2) The Ultimate Guide to Vitamin B 17, on http://www.worldwithoutcancer.org.uk. 
(3) Documentary ”The Science and Politics of Cancer”, Edward Griffin on YouTube. 
(4) The Way of All Flesh, documentary by Adam Curtis. On YouTube. 
(5) Cut, Poison, Burn documentary on YouTube or as torrent download. 

END. #
