







Adapted from the screenplay:
'Into the Mystic' and 'Into the Mystic II'



INTO THE MYSTIC

by

Garry Hicks
Copyright 2016
WGAw registered
Approximately 67,700 words

PROLOGUE
What if there were a story that had the magic of E.T., the action of ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’, the tension of ‘JAWS’, the humor of ‘The Hangover’ plus romance, twists, a man coming of age and a jolting end?

Do you believe in Mermaids? People may laugh if you say yes but, deep down, you either do, or want, to believe. You may have even seen one in your past. You weren't sure what it was, but you know it had a tail and a woman's face. Mermaids sightings have been reported for centuries and why not? 
In ancient Syrian (~ 1000 BC), there was a goddess who went by the name of Atargatis. She was a fertility goddess whose cult eventually spread to Greece and Rome and was associated with water (especially lakes) and fish. Often depicted in mermaid form, Atargatis is perhaps the "original" mermaid. Legend has it that she dove into a lake to become a fish, but only her bottom half was transformed.
In Old English language, "mer" means "sea," and "maid" means woman. Mermaids become "women of the sea." Following the same line of logic, a "mer" man (merman) would be a "man of the sea." Both names make perfect sense and describe their natural habitat quite simply. Mermaids and mermen are half human, half fish creatures.

Sirens conjure images of lovely mermaids sitting on rocky shores, singing out a mesmerizing song to draw sailors to the rocks and cliffs. Folk lore as well as ancient myths support this notion, but the sirens of Ancient Greece were actually bird-women (half woman, half bird). Eventually these bird women, known as harpy's, were transformed into mermaids in some of the later stories, but they kept their beautiful, bird-like voices, in order to draw the mariners to their doom.

Many famous people, including Christopher Columbus and Henry Hudson, have reported mermaid sightings. Further, if you consider three quarters of the Earth is covered by water and ninety five percent of our oceans remain unexplored, it's not that difficult to believe there could be mermaids lurking in the deep.

Further consider this: The most-watched telecast in Animal Planet’s history is: Mermaids: The New Evidence. It delivered 3.6 million viewers, shattering the network’s ratings record. Yes, it turned out to be a hoax, but the point was made with the huge rating.
So, open your mind and let your imagination 'imagine'. People have reported seeing spaceships, aliens, Big Foot, aka 'Sasquatch', Nessie, the Loch Ness monster, ghosts, demons and ghouls. Add mermaids to that list and you're going to love this story.


Come and join the guys as they as they deal with mermaids, sirens and the beauty of an exotic island that holds more surprises, twists and turns than even they ever imagined.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROLOGUE
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY THREE

PART II

CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR
CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE
CHAPTER TWENTY SIX
CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN
CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT
CHAPTER TWENTY NINE
CHAPTER THIRTY
CHAPTER THIRTY ONE
CHAPTER THIRTY TWO
CHAPTER THIRTY THREE
CHAPTER THIRTY FOUR
CHAPTER THIRTY FIVE
CHAPTER THIRTY SIX
CHAPTER THIRTY SEVEN
CHAPTER THIRTY EIGHT
CHAPTER THIRTY NINE
CHAPTER FORTY


PART I   DISCOVERY

CHAPTER ONE

I know who I am. I think I know who I am anyway. I was certain who I was until strange things began happening to me, things I couldn't explain. It was like, when you have a dream, it's quite clear during the dream what events are unfolding. But when you wake up, you're not sure of the details, you can't quite remember exactly what happened.
	Sometimes my dreams are euphoric, especially when I fly in them, and often they are wicked or humiliating, I have to try to wake myself up. Does walking around in your underwear sound familiar? Quick, wake me up.
	But I keep having this one recurring dream that seems so real that, when I wake up, I feel I've actually been to those places, I've actually been that person. I try to wake myself up but, in these dreams, I can't, I'm stuck in them. And the odd thing is, I don't even believe in what they are. Greek Mythology, Greek Gods, you know, like Zeus, Apollo, Herod, Gods like that. Sounds crazy but, they talk to me, both as I was back then and who I am now.
	I'm a doctor, more like a healer, in the dreams. I cure people with magic herbs and blood, I even bring the dead back to life. But it never ends well with me, I have to die over and over in the dreams. Well, not really die, just stuck in a cosmic form and I can't get out. But then it starts all over and I'm back to healing. 
	Do they mean anything? After all they're just a dream, right? We all have dreams. But these seem to mean something, seem to point me in a direction I don't want to go in. But I always have to remind myself, it's just a dream. Or is it? 
It started when I was twelve years old.

1988 GULF COAST OF FLORIDA

An empty thirty-foot boat rolls on the waves of the open sea. Underwater, Brandon, a semi-chubby, short hair, nerdy looking twelve-year old, scuba dives with his father in a clouded sea, his dad swimming only three feet away. The murky sea clouds their vision from anything more than fifteen feet in front of them. His father taps him on the shoulder and points to the surface. Brandon nods his head as his father swims upward. Brandon starts to swim but jerks as a large fish shoots toward him from the side. Brandon stops as the fish quickly disappears. 
In front of him, a bit blurred, he spots a large, dolphin like tail. Intrigued, he swims toward the tail, but it stays far enough in front of him that he can only see it flap. He kicks his feet harder, tries to catch up to see more of the tail but, it again disappears. 
Brandon tires and slows down to rest. Suddenly, the hazy, murky type water starts to clear, somewhat like the fog lifting to expose San Francisco. As he watches, he sees the tail gently sway with the current. 
Slow, as the water clears, he sees a pair of hands, then flowing blond hair, and as the water completely clears, it reveals a horrendous looking merman. His lower torso from his waist down is a dirty green, scaly covered fish tail. From the waist up he's a man, not quite a normal man, but with a man's features. From his forehead to near the back of his head, he's bald, but that area is covered with round, shell like spots scattered around his scalp to his ears. His thick, blond hair starts near the back of his head and is shoulder length. His ears are large and pointed, his nose wide and flat. His webbed hands have long, thin fingers with razor sharp claws. 
As they stare at each other, the merman, with no movement, appears instantly, floating in front of Brandon. 
He yanks Brandon's mask and breathing device off his face, then throws it through the water. Brandon just stares at him, doesn't move. He has no trouble holding his breath or seeing clearly. He inspects the sea around him, shoots a slight grin as he realizes he can see and hold his breath so well.
The merman snaps his full mouth of razor sharp teeth at Brandon in a threatening manner. Brandon remains motionless, unafraid. The merman roars and shoots waves of water which toss and jerk Brandon around, but he regains his composure instead of being gripped by fear. He again stays in one spot, eye to eye with the merman.
The merman inspects Brandon, head to toe, with his coal black eyes. 
He moves his head close to Brandon, sniffs his chest area, swims to his back, sniffs more. He swims around to the front of Brandon, stops, curls his lips so his teeth are exposed. He snarls, then shoots through the water like a torpedo and disappears.  
Brandon slowly swims to the surface. His head emerges from the water as he scans the area. 
"Brandon, over here." shouts his father from the boat, about twenty yards away. Once he reaches the back, his father extends his hand and helps pull him onto the back-landing area. 
"What happened to you son, I was ready to come down and hunt for you. Where's your mask and mouthpiece?" he asks as he inspects Brandon's equipment.  
Brandon, short of breath, blurts out, "A mermaid dad, I saw a mermaid, only it was a man. He had long blond hair and teeth, a mouth full of razor sharp teeth...he scared the crap out of..." 
His father cuts him off. "Easy son, it was murky down there, a lot of weird looking fish could have looked..." 
"No dad, the water cleared, he was all fish tail below his waist. He was a man from the waist up, only ten feet in front of me. He tore off my mask and mouthpiece." 
"Then I'm curious, how did you breathe...and see?"
"I, I don't know dad, it was weird. I held my breath and could see fine, like...like, I didn't need any of that gear."
"Son, look at the water, it's still cloudy. How can you say it cleared?" 
Brandon glances into a still murky sea, nods his head sideways. "I, I don't know, it was clear down there. But I sensed something. I sensed he waited for me, almost like he was hunting me." 
"I think you're letting your imagination get the better of your common sense. Let's get you changed and get some food into that empty belly." 
"Whatever dad, I know what I saw."


CHAPTER TWO

1991

Brandon and his three buddies, Derek, Sean and Kyle, walk together down a residential street. All but Brandon are over five foot seven, tall and lean. Brandon is still shorter and overweight with a short Marine haircut. He's the same geeky type boy he's been all his life.
  "How'd you do in old man Van Vuren's final Sean?"
asks Brandon.
"Probably not too well, I'm not good in science. You?" 
"I aced it. Had to study some but I made it through. Ya know, you might have passed if you ever opened a book instead of spending all your time chasing skirts."
"I suppose if I gave a crap then I would open a book...but I don't give a crap."
Derek counters, "You're gonna give a crap when we all pass to eleventh grade and you're still with the sophomoric sophomores."
"No, I won't, I'll quit school. Start my adult life early."
"Sweet, Sean." counters Kyle. "You can be married at eighteen and have two kids by the time you're twenty-one. Sounds like a pretty exciting career path."
"Bite me Kyle. I'll be retired by the time I'm forty. Retired with more money than I can ever spend. Mark my words."
"Yeah, and exactly how are you going to do that?" asks Kyle.
"I ain't worried about it, I got plenty of time."
"No, seriously Sean." Derek quizzes. "Tell us how you're going to do it so maybe, we can all be retired by then."
Brandon nudges Derek. "Yeah, let's hear it Sean...I can't wait."
Sean sighs. "You boys have got to learn to be creative. Once those juices start to juice, then they start to create ideas. The more ideas they create, the more your mind expands to consider ideas you never would have before. By then, you know the direction you're going, it's just a matter of which idea you think is best." 
"Yeah, just like my old man." Kyle adds. "He told me he said the same thing when he was twenty. He said, 'If I'm not retired at fifty', now, that's fifty, not forty, 'then I really didn't plan my life very good.'
"So, what's your dad do?" asks Sean.
Kyle, cynical, answers, "He's a janitor at an office building."
"Well," responds Sean. "if that happens to me then I'm checking out. I'm not living like that."
"Damn man, it's not that bad. I mean, he provides us with a house and food on the table. Obviously, your dad has a great job that you're proud of. What's your dad do Sean?"
"I don't want to talk about it."
"Why?" fires back Derek. "You're the one that brought this up...what's your dad do for work?"
Sean remains painfully silent.
Brandon nudges his shoulder. "C'mon big money, what's your dad do?"
Sean glares at the guys. "You guys are dicks. He drives a taxi, okay, he drives a freakin' taxi. And, he had to compete with guys from Nigeria, Turkey, Iran, every freakin' country on Earth just to get that. But, he speaks good English, so, he was hired." he pauses. "You happy now?"
Derek's attitude changes to a bit sympathetic. "That's not that bad Sean, at least he's bringing in money."
"Sometimes yes, sometimes no. There's never enough left to buy clothes, extras, nothin'. My mom tries to make it up by selling at the flea market on weekends. Sometimes, she makes almost as much as he does."
"Sorry Sean, we didn't know." consoles Derek. "I see why you want to be retired at forty."
Brandon pats him on the back. "Hey, you got us, we'll always be here for you. In fact, if you need a place to stay, I'll see if my dad will let you clear a corner in the garage and sleep there."
"Bite me Brandon." Sean shoots back. "I can live off the land whether it be here or stranded on an island in the middle of the ocean. Give me a good woman and a way to provide food for us, that's all I need. I can be happy."
"Just kidding buddy...hey guys, stop." 
They all stop, turn to Brandon. "There's the van again." he points to a van with 'Budweiser' on the side.
"How many times have we talked about grabbing beer from that? Besides, this street is empty. Look at all those cases in there...you wanna do it?"
"Plus, they're bottles." grins Kyle.
Derek warns, "Guys, if we get caught we're screwed. And, what if the door is locked?"
"Then we move on." answers Sean. "Look, it's almost dark, no one will see us. Besides, we've talked about this so many times...let's do it. You guys ready?"
They all nod yes.
"You all know the plan. Let's hit it." Sean orders.
Sean leads them to the street side of the van and slides the door open. He pumps his fist and bellows out, "Yes!"
He grabs four cases, hands them to Brandon who runs off down the sidewalk. He repeats with Derek and Kyle, then grabs four cases himself and bolts off after the guys.
All four laugh as they gallop and bounce down the street. They turn into a large area of bushes near a park and drop the cases on the ground. They breathe hard as they glance and giggle at each other.
Sean declares, "See, nothin' to it, piece of cake."
Brandon leans down, opens a box, pulls a bottle out and stares at it. "Geez, I'd offer you guys a beer except they're empty."
"No way!" declares a skeptical Sean. He opens his box, pulls out an empty bottle. 
Kyle and Derek do the same. They stand there, still, staring at their empty bottles.
"We risked life in prison for empty beer bottles? Whose bright idea was this?" rattles Brandon.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but, it was your idea." responds Derek.
"Oh yeah...I forgot." mumbles Brandon. "But hey guys, we're the baddest thieves of empty beer cases...anywhere!"
"What a bunch of dummasses. I shudda known, those cases were too light." grumbles Kyle.
"But," adds Derek, "we so much wanted to believe."
"I know, just like Santa Claus." Brandon adds. "But instead, we just...ha ha ha ha haaa haaa, have a good laugh."
The guys all follow Brandon and crack up laughing.
"Okay, okay," says Kyle. "I'm thirsty, let's have a drink of ice cold beer."
"Great idea." adds Sean. 
They all drink the bottle as if it were full.
Derek says, "Ahhh, cold and smooth, so good."
"I'll say." Sean says as he belts out a thunderous "Buurrrrpp!"
Derek responds. "Nice, you pig. A toast guys, to drink bottles filled with real beer in them!"
Sean, Kyle and Brandon shout out, "Here, here!"
They hold the bottles out, clink them together.



CHAPTER THREE

2017 MIAMI AREA

Four arms hold out a bottle of beer each, clink them together in a toast.
Brandon and his buddies, Derek, Sean and Kyle, sit in Derek's crowded, tiny apartment at the kitchen table. After the toast, they each swallow a big slug of beer. 
Sean belches out a thunderous, "Buurrrrppp!"
Derek responds with, "Nice, you pig. Does that toast remind you guys of anything?"
Brandon smiles. "Can you say, empty beer bottles?"
"Oh man, I forgot about that." grins Kyle. "Stealing empty cases of beer. I guess that's something desperate fifteen-year old's would do."
"Can we get on with the game?" asks Sean.
They're playing the game 'Risk'. They are now all in their late thirties. 
Derek is six-foot, slicked back black hair, drop dead GQ. 
Brandon is still a bit short and his belly a bit too round. His short hair and average to below average looks would give the first impression that he's a nerd. 
Kyle is six-foot, thin, average looks. His hair is too long for his face and with his untrimmed beard you could easily mistake him for homeless. 
Sean is ruggedly handsome, a melting smile with matching eyes. The women go for him, he just doesn't go for them. 
Sean declares forcefully, "I attack Kamchatka. Derek, prepare to defend yourself." They roll the dice, Sean grabs two of Derek's armies. 
Derek whines "Butthead." 
Sean orders "Again." They roll the dice and Sean takes off two more of Derek's armies. 
"Keep that up and I'm going to pummel your face." Derek warns.  
"Thees ees not a game of friendship." Sean fires back. 
Brandon interrupts. "Guys, our trip is only a few weeks away. Are we all ready for the adventure of a lifetime?" They pause, lean back in their chairs. 
Sean glances at the guys. "It's just a cruise into the open seas Brandon, what do you think we're going to find?" 
"The fact we don't know what we're going to find is what makes it exciting. Unexplored areas, sunken pirate ships and... maybe even mermaids." 
Kyle grins. "Yeah, and maybe we'll fight long dead, come back to life pirates." 
Derek smiles "And once we kill them, we can take all of their gold booty. Yeah, that's it, we'll come back as very wealthy men. What would you do with all your money Brandon?" 
"That's easy, I've already bought it. I'd buy a big house on the water, put in the best game room ever and then decide which of the women chasing me I was going to take. Hell, I might choose three or four. You Kyle?"
"I'd have a gigantic house, isolated from everyone else's place. I'd build a wall around it with electric wire so if anyone tried to get in they'd get fried. Then I'd build a moat around the entire wall, not on the outside, but on the inside. That way, if they didn't get fried they'd get eaten by all the alligators I'd fill the moat with." 
"That's drastic Kyle, I didn't realize you were such an isolationist...and a masochist." Derek shoots back.
"I'm not like you Derek, women have never chased me. I just want to keep out all the money grubber's." 
"You must have me mixed up with Sean." Derek responds. 
"Women don't chase me, I just don't chase them." 
Brandon says, "God will punish you for lying Sean." 
"Brandon, just because they don't chase you doesn't mean they do me." 
Derek chuckles. "You guys are hilarious. You're spending money you don't have, in fact building mansions with it, and have women chasing you. Maybe you should put this conversation off until we find the buried treasure." 
"And you all accuse me of living in a fantasy world." 
Sean grins at Brandon. "The difference is, video boy, the difference is, we just talk about it, you live in that world all the time." 
Brandon retorts, "Y'all are so narrow minded that..." 
"C'mon guys," Derek interrupts. "let's get back to our trip, only two weeks to go. We're gettin' away from it all." 
Brandon smiles. "Yep, I can't wait to see all the dolphins, mermaids and pirates." 
"You just can't let it go, can you Brandon." 
"Bite me Sean." 
"I'm sure you have a game for that." 
"Yeah, it's called chase the butthead."

Derek sits at the kitchen table with his dad, Lou, and his girlfriend, Jessa. Lou is mid to late fifties, a good looking, in shape man. Jessa appears to be mid-forties, long flowing dark hair and considered by most to be beautiful. They munch on sandwiches and salad, sip on chardonnay wine. 
"Dad, how long have you and Jessa been together now?" 
Lou stares at Jessa. "How longs it been honey, two, maybe three years?"  
Jessa sighs. "Your memory Lou, it's challenging. It's been over three years since you plucked me off that beach on the cruise."  
"In the Bahama's, right?" Derek asks.
"Yeah, we were on a cruise and stopped for the day when we met." 
She stares at Lou. "Good memory Derek." 
"I thought so. Then maybe you can tell me why, in over three years, you haven't aged. I mean at all. You look exactly the same as you did when I first met you." Derek sips his wine as Jessa smiles.
"That's a really nice thing to say Derek but I'm afraid I have aged. I do have youthful looks in my family, but yes, I have aged."  
Lou adds "No you haven't honey, you still look fantastic." 
"Don't you start with the..." 
"I'm just saying you look great." 
"Hold on, I'll be right back." Derek hops up from the table, leaves the room as Lou and Jessa glance at each other.  
Lou whispers "He isn't going to let it go." 
Jessa whispers back, "If he ever finds out I wasn't on that cruise, then..."
Derek ambles back into the room, a big smile covers his face. He holds a picture frame, sets it face down on the table. He sits, takes a sip of wine, smiles. "Ahhhh, good." 
Lou and Jessa again shoot an uncomfortable glance at each other until Lou asks, "What's that a picture of son?"  
"It's from when you first brought Jessa back, over three years ago. Take a look." Derek smiles, hands the picture to Jessa, leans back and folds his arms.   
She stares at it as Lou leans over and looks. "He's right honey, you do look the same." 
"Well, they say men see with blinders on and you two definitely have blinders on." 
Derek smiles. "Really?" He rushes out of the room and quickly returns with a round, hand held mirror. He grabs the picture from Jessa, holds it next to her face, then holds the mirror in front of Jessa. "Show me what's changed on you." 
Jessa examines her face, points to a tiny spot on her cheek. "That wasn't there before." 
Derek smiles. "I think you get my point. Now, if you can just bottle whatever it is, we can all be rich." 
Jessa smiles "I guess you're right, I look pretty good for being a thousand years old."  
Lou nudges her. "Honey, don't let your secret out." 
"You two are hilarious...I gotta go, thanks for lunch. Oh, dad, the Mystic will be all ready? It's less than a week away." 
"I'm taking care of everything Derek, she'll be ready." 
"Fantastic, we can't wait, everyone is so excited, we're...edgy." Derek smiles and ambles out. Lou sighs, glances at Jessa and rolls his eyes.


CHAPTER FOUR

BRANDON

Brandon lies on his bed in his modest apartment, playing a video game.  He stays buried in fantasy games and comic books because he is at the lowest point in his life but disguises that fact to others. He feebly attempts to make up with it by staying buried in his video games and comic books. He tries to hide it from his friends, but that's like saying you don't have a dog when everyone hears barking in the next room. 
He's given up on women. The last one told him on their second date she was getting serious...with someone else. Being a bit overweight and a bit nerdish looking keeps him from having the confidence he needs, not only with women, but also with most other things in life.
The video game he plays is ‘THE DEFENDER’. Slow, his control stick drops, his eyes flutter, he drifts asleep.

Brandon is now The Defender, dressed in black armored outfit with a hard mask down to his nose, a bit of a Viking look. He stands on a craggy rock, surrounded by the turbulent sea, his sword held high. Waves crash all around him on the rocks as he sucks in the salty mist, bringing his senses alive. 
Several ugly, spiny, snake like creatures, six feet long with several short legs, lay dead on the rocks. Some are sliced in half, other with their heads laying nearby. As Brandon stands on the rock feeling victorious, a huge creature, same as the others but ten times their size, rises out of the water. It scowls, snarls, ready to attack. It rises out of the water until it is ten feet above Brandon's head as it stares down at him. 
Brandon raises his sword with both hands as the sea creature stares at the other dead sea creatures. It lowers its head out of swords path, hisses at Brandon, backs up and disappears under the water.
Feeling invincible, he smiles and slides his sword back into his sheath. He breathes deep, gazes at his surroundings. He spots a man on another rock, about thirty feet away. It’s Captain Pardel, 15th century pirate, dressed in ready for battle pirate wear. 
Pardel returns Brandon's gaze. They stare at each other for a few brief moments until Pardel jumps rocks over to Brandon. As Pardel reaches him, Brandon slides his hand onto his sword. 
"My name is Captain Pardel, you won’t need that, not for now anyway." 
Brandon's eyes scour his body. "What do you want?" 
“Aye mate, what do I want? I want you to look at me carefully." 
"I would rather look at a walrus." Brandon pauses, "why do I want to look carefully at you?" 
"So you know who I am when I ram my sword into your gut." 
Brandon stares at the sheath that holds Pardel’s sword, then slides his out. His is huge, the sun glints off his blade, truly a magical sword. Brandon raises it high. 
"Why wait mate, let's start, and finish, this now." 
"Trust me lad, you'll be glad we waited. There's plenty of time to die." 
Brandon slides his sword back into his sheath. "We look forward to it."

He jerks awake, sweeps his forehead with his hand, wipes the sweat on his sheet. 
"Damn, that was too real." He grabs a towel off the headboard and wipes his forehead. He glances at his  watch, jumps up, heads into the kitchen.   
      His apartment is modest, to say the least. Not much furniture and what there is looks like it came from a thrift store. Even his TV is old, a wooden console that rests on four worn legs, adorned with rabbit ears. 
He lumbers into the kitchen, opens the refrigerator door. Inside is an almost empty quart of milk, a package with one piece of ham, a bottle of water, an old package of bread and a partially eaten TV dinner. 
He grabs the bread, peeks inside and sees mold. Disgusted, he slams it in the garbage, grabs and gobbles the ham, snatches the water. 
He sits at his old, wooden, wobbly table with only one chair and focuses on a stack of bills. He picks one up, stares at it, finally opens it. He slides the letter out, unfolds it. The letter is filled with typing but all he can see on the paper, in large red letters, 'OVERDUE CAR BILL'. 
"Take your piece of crap back...I don't care." 
He slams it back in the pile, struts back into the living room. He sinks into his sofa, drops his head into his hands and just sits. After a bit he raises his head, squints his eyes, looks around at his meager surroundings. Anger spreads over his face as he stares at his broken-down furniture. He grabs an empty beer bottle, stands and fires it into the TV. The picture screen shatters. He stares at the TV, motionless, breathing heavily. He grabs and squeezes his head as a low growl spurts from his lips. A quick moment passes, he screams at the TV, "I'm better than this!". 
He sighs, grabs a medium sized duffle bag from the sofa and rushes out.

DEREK

Derek wears jeans and a blue company shirt. He sits in a basement, inside a chain link office surrounded by filled shelves of manuals and part open boxes. A single, dim light hangs from the ceiling. He leans back in his chair, a phone to his ear. 
"Honey, I told you we would discuss that later." then listens as he leans forward. 
"Yes, you know I love you." he pauses, listens more, whispers, "Damn!" as he flops back into his chair. 
"No, I didn't say damn. You know I want kids. What I said was..."
The intercom interrupts. "Mr. Adler on one Derek, get ready." 
"Honey, I have a customer on the other line, I gotta go. I love you and I'll talk to you when I get back." he pauses, "yes, you know I love you and want to have babies with you. I gotta go." he stares at the phone in his hand. "Damn woman, you wear me out." 
He clicks the other line. "The order is almost ready Mr. Adler...yes sir, I know I said it would be out two days ago but...I know, but as I told you, we received our shipment late...no, no, you don’t have to go somewhere else, we’ll have it out by Friday...yes sir, we’ll call. Thank you for your patience Mr. Adler." he slams the phone down. "You’re a jerk off...Mr. Adler." 
He sighs, leans back, glances at his watch, picks up the phone. "It’s time Rose, no more calls." He packs papers into a briefcase, slams it closed, struts out.

KYLE

Kyle sits at his desk in a sea of cubicle’s, focused on his computer, oblivious to his surroundings as he plays a game. He jerks and sways to the game as people amble by his cube. He’s so into it, he doesn’t notice that a woman, Bethany, 30, stands behind him, arms crossed. Kyle blurts out "Crap!" 
He clicks the game closed, leans back, crosses his arms. 
"Lost again?" 
"Damn Bethany, don’t creep up on me like that." 
"You’re lucky it’s me. If Mr. Houghton catches you again..." 
"I have to do something between phone calls, this place sucks." 
"It’s a job Kyle." 
"Yeah, so is emptying portable toilets. When I took this job, I thought maybe, just maybe, I wanted a career. Turns out I just wanted a paycheck." 
"Poor baby. Why don’t I pour gas on you and set you on fire, put you out of your misery." 
"It's just...it's just, I feel so...so damn trapped." 
Bethany gazes out at heads in other cubes. "We’re both trapped, but until you hit the lotto, do your job, play your stupid games at home. One more time Kyle, I'm putting you on notice. I'm not going to lose my damn job because I didn't do something about your screwing around during work hours. Do we understand each other?" 
"Yeah...whatever." 
Bethany marches away. Kyle sighs, glances at his watch, drops paperwork in his briefcase. He stands and stares at the rows of bopping heads busy in their cubes. He shakes his head. He spaces out and, for a brief moment, sheep's heads have replaced all the human heads. 
From all the cubes come "Bahhh, baaahhhh, bahhh, bah, bah." 
“Yeah, well 'bah bah bah' to all of you." 
A conservatively dressed woman wearing glasses stands next to Kyle, she stares at him but he doesn't see her. 
"Bah, Bah, Bah? What are you saying Kyle?" 
Kyle jerks. "Sorry, I didn't see you standing there." 
"So what does 'Bah' mean?" 
"It means I'm the black sheep of the office. It means that in all this sea of humanity," he waves his hand in a wide arc, "we're all sheep, sheep being herded by our sheepherder boss. It means..." 
"Okay, I get it, I gotta go." she hurries away. 
"Me too, I'm outta here!" As he rushes away, he yanks his name badge from his pocket, drops it into a trash can.

SEAN

Sean hammers nails into a boxed window frame. His foreman Bud, 50, rugged looks, places a window in the opening, Sean screws it in place. Both wear hard hats. 
"How’d your date go last night?" Bud asks.
"The date was fine but I'm still looking for a quarterback." 
"You go out with so many different women, yet you’re still single. What’s up with that?" 
"What's up with that...good question. Let's see, the dating world is like...like this large abyss full of women grabbing at you as you walk by. They want to catch you, claim you as their prize. Once they got you, well, let's just say, you're no longer the prize you were before, now they want to tame and train you." 
"Profound. So you're saying you're the zebra being chased by lions?" 
"Exactly. When one of them doesn’t chase me, she may be the right one." 
"What’s the right one? I mean, what are you looking for?" 
"I’m not really looking...but if I were, she’d have to have a child like sense of innocence, curious and amazed by the world around her." 
"You’re saying you want to date an eight-year old?" 
Sean smiles. "Kinda’ sick but...yes, I want that eight-year old in a grown-up woman who still loves going to a playground with other kids." 
Bud grins. "That’s why you’re still looking." 
"Fate, my man, fate. I could be stranded on an island and find the woman of my dreams." 
Bud's curious attitude changes to all business. "Listen Sean, I need to talk to you about your job." 
"Sooo, this is it." 
"You knew this was coming?" 
"I thought I might make it." 
"I’m not going to draw it out. This economy has killed us. I’ll call you when we pick up another job." Bud stares at Sean. "I’m really sorry Sean." 
Sean picks up his tools, turns. "Yeah, I'm sorry too but...I’m a fighter...I’ll survive."


CHAPTER FIVE


Lou and Jessa stand next to Derek on the boat dock, next to Lou's forty-foot boat, The Mystic. Brandon, Kyle and Sean lean over the deck railing, watching and waiting for Derek. 
Brandon stares at Jessa. "Lou must have something going on to be with this Jessa chick. I mean, even as old as she is, what a babe."
"Yeah, she is pretty hot." Sean replies. "But you know Brandon, there's a bunch of women out there every bit as hot as she is." 
"Maybe for you but I'd never have a chance with arm candy like that." 
Kyle adds "That's what's so great about a trip like this. Foreign women love American men. We represent...money!"
"A short, overweight, nerdish looking guy like me is only going to attract a woman who has the face of a cow." 
Sean chuckles. "Then you can both moooo under a full moon."

Back on the dock, Derek says, "Dad, I can’t thank you enough for letting us use The Mystic, we’ll take good care of her." 
"You guys have planned this trip for a long time. You have enough supplies?" 
"Yeah, plenty of everything." 
Jessa asks "Charts, maps, flashlights, back up batteries, beer?" 
"Got it all, especially the beer part." Derek grins.
"Water, medicine, gas, bait?" 
"Dad, stop, we’re prepared!" 
Lou adds, "You still have to be careful. Bad weather, pirates, mermaids, sea monsters, The Bermuda Triangle." 
"Triangle Schmiangle. You know I’m a realist, I don’t believe in ghost stories." 
Jessa seems concerned. "Don’t take the Triangle lightly Derek." 
Derek stares intently at the two of them. "C’mon guys, more strange things happen in Miami than the Triangle." 
Lou smiles. "Bring me back something interesting."
Brandon yells out, "C’mon D, maidens are waiting. Aye mates, pirate gold!" 
Sean follows, "Yeah, we got places to go, people to see, beer to drink." 
Kyle adds, "I just want to get the hell out of here." 
Brandon turns to Sean. "You think I should yell out for Jessa to come with us?" 
"Sure, if you want them to think you're a complete dummass." 
"The crew's anxious Dad, we gotta shove off." 
"I don’t want any contact from the Coast Guard about a missing boat. You understand?" 
"Not a chance." 
Jessa hugs Derek. "Really Derek, take care of yourself, and your friends." she glances at the guys on the boat deck, then whispers, "there can be strange things in those waters, strange happenings so, please...keep your eyes open."  
Derek smiles. "See you in a few weeks." He hugs Jessa again, then his Dad and rushes onto the boat. 
Inside the cabin, Derek cranks the engine on. The guys cheer! Lou unties the ropes as The Mystic glides away from the dock. Lou and Jessa stand and watch. 
Jessa seems concerned. "I only hope they don't run into any problems." 
Lou adds "They're big boys, they can handle themselves."

The Mystic rolls lightly as she sails towards the Bahama's. The boy's sit in the galley, eating and drinking beer. They're excited to finally be on the trip they've talked about and planned for over two years. 
Brandon asks, "Jessa’s hot. How long they been together?"
"I guess a bit over three years." Derek responds. "They met on a cruise. There’s something about her...I can’t quite figure it out. But I will tell you, in the three years she's been around, she hasn't aged a day. Like I said, I just can't figure it out." 
Brandon sighs. "I could figure it out if I could see her naked." 
Derek stares at Brandon. "Don't be such a desperate pig." 
"I'm not a desperate pig, I'm only a pig when..." 
Sean interrupts. "Did you tell Lou we were heading straight into The Bermuda Triangle on a sunken ship mission and to fight Pirates?" 
Brandon smiles. "Now you're starting to talk my language." 
"To fight pirates?" Derek asks.
Sean downs some beer. "Yeah...we got as much of a chance of finding a sunken ship as we do of fighting pirates."
"Right." Brandon smirks. "About the same chance of you finding your eight-year old." 
Derek grins. "You guys need to let your imagination ‘imagine’. Yeah, he’s figured it out. In fact, both him and Jessa were throwing veiled warnings at me." 
Kyle stares at Derek. "Like what?" 
"Like watch out for the Bermuda Triangle, like, there's a lot of strange things going on out there. Stuff like that." 
Kyle opens his hands wide. "Maybe they know something we don't. Maybe, just maybe, they're imagining the worst." 
Brandon grins. "Imagine this. We get stuck on an island of beautiful babes who want to serve us." 
Kyle smiles. "Hey, for a small stack of cash, I can get you that in Miami." 
"Just take lessons from Derek," Sean adds. "He’s had beautiful women chase him since high school." 
Derek waves his finger. "Nah, since fifth grade." 
Brandon's mouth opens like he's going to heave. "Yeah, you’re such a stud, makes me want to puke all over you." 
"I can’t help it if beautiful women want my body." Derek holds up both arms and flexes his muscles. "After all, I am a superior physical specimen." 
Sean shakes his head. "You’re a specimen all right, one I find when I go..." 
Brandon interrupts. "Let those shrimp swim over here buddy." 
He grabs the bowl of shrimp, dangles one in front of his mouth. 
"Over the teeth and through the gums, look out belly here I comes." he drops the shrimp into his mouth, munches it. "Ahhhhh, mmmmmmmm, good!" 
Sean wipes his mouth with a napkin. "I’m getting closer." 
"Closer to what?" Brandon asks.
"To finding my eight-year old." 
"Dude, that’s sick!" fires Brandon. "I ignored it when you said it earlier. But now...alert, alert, sexual predator on board. Do I need to report you to..." 
Derek interrupts. "Can you guys believe this, after two years of planning." 
Sean adds, "I’ve looked forward to this way too much." 
"When we first thought about this, we all had jobs, money, a life." Brandon replies.
Sean smiles. "Hey, I knew back then I was going to be laid off the day before we left." 
Kyle chuckles. "That’s why we hang with you Superman."
Derek smiles. "Yeah, Superman. Sean, tell them about that time you rushed into that condo."
"You mean where I used to live, by the pond?"
"Yeah, yeah, that one."
"You really want to make me look bad, don't you."
"Just tell it...Superman."
"Whatever. I'm sitting in my place, chillin'. I'm on the second floor and I hear this woman's scream come from a walking trail, about fifty yards away. I walk onto my deck, listen, I hear another scream, like a woman's being attacked. I grab my little mini bat, shove it in my pocket, run to the trail. I get there, I see nothing. I check around, in the bushes, nothin'. I don't know what it was. So, I'm walkin' back to my place, I see this car parked right in front of my door, and there's no parkin' there. I figured I was set up, so I run back, push the front door open, grab my bat an rush up the stairs. I reach my dining area an here's two kids sittin' an eating dinner. They just stare at me. I got my bat raised in the air, I look like a crazy man, and this little girl says, 'daddy, you better come out here'.
"I'm like, what's going on? The dad walks out, stares at me, doesn't get violent or nothing. It was then I realize I'm in the condo next to mine. They all looked alike. I say to the dad, 'Uhh, I'm really sorry, I thought someone was in my condo. I, uhh, live next door, I'm really sorry man'. He folds his arms, says, 'next door huh'. I say 'yeah, I can't apologize enough.' He says, 'Maybe you should go back there."
The guys howl with laughter.
Kyle chuckles, "Well, that's the last time I call you Superman."
"Oh really Kyle?" Sean responds. "Tell them the story about the time you loaded groceries in your car."
"You mean when my key wouldn't work?"
"Yeah, that's the one. I had to tell my moron story, now tell yours."
"Yeah, that was bad. I'm in the grocery store, My car was getting repaired, so I borrowed my mom's car. I come out with six bags of groceries, seventy-five buck's worth. The car had a push button on the trunk, it didn't need a key, I left it open for when I came out. 
"So, I load my groceries in the trunk, take the cart back. I go to unlock the door, click the remote button but remember mom's remote doesn't work, but, the doors still locked. So I push the key into the lock, it won't turn. It goes in the lock but still won't turn. I try everything, I'm like 'I just locked this door.' I'm getting' pissed cause I can't unlock the door. 
"I pull my phone out, no reception 'cause I'm in a covered parking lot. I go inside to call my mom. I'm in there five minutes, she says 'Try it again, I don't know what's wrong.' I go back outside and the car isn't there. I'm like 'It was right here'. But it's a big parking lot so I stop and look around. I finally see the car and I'm a bit confused. 'I thought it was one row farther up'. I'm thinking, no big deal, I've even done that before. So, I put the key in the lock, bingo, it opens. 
"I get home, pop the trunk and guess what? No groceries. Now I don't know what to think, I'm thinking someone stole my groceries while I was in the store. I look around the trunk, see my mom's hat. I'm like, 'That wasn't there before."
Brandon laughs. "You put them in the wrong car, didn't you? One that looked exactly like your mom's."
Kyle cracks up. "Bingo, you got it. The cars were exactly two rows apart and I came to the other car first. Brilliant, eh?"
"One more thing." adds Brandon, "I don't know why but I've been thinking about it. You guys remember, we were about fifteen, it was right before we stole those empty cases of beer. You guys remember that?"
The other three grin as Derek responds, "How could we ever forget that. Why?"
"You remember what we talked about?" He shoots a glance at each of the three of them. No one says anything.
"C'mon Sean, you must remember." Sean is silent, he just shrugs his shoulders.
"You all know what I'm talking about. We were going to be retired at forty. Well, mostly it was Sean, but we all thought the same thing."
"What's your point?" Sean asks.
"It just seems, here we are, years later, all of us pushin,' or in, our forties and...where are we? Derek, you work in a cage in a basement, Kyle just quit his job, Sean just got laid off and I have no job. What happened to our dreams? Why are we in this position at this point in our lives? What the hell did we do wrong?"
It's quiet as they let sink in what Brandon has painstakingly pointed out. 
Kyle finally speaks out. "I don't think we did anything wrong, I think we didn't plan our lives. I mean, we were all confident that we would excel at anything we did so we thought that all these opportunities would be there."
"Unfortunately," adds Sean, "I haven't received any letters or calls asking me to please come in and run our company."
Derek smiles. "I did receive an offer to be president of Google but I had to turn that down. Not enough money."
"I hear you." Brandon adds. "Same situation with me, I had to turn down an offer from Dell Computers to be their President."
"Let's face it guys," Kyle says, "we didn't plan our lives so we're all pissed we're stuck in job limbo."
"More like no job limbo." muses Sean, "but I'm not pissed at what I am or what I've become, I'm pissed at what I'm not, what I could have become."
Derek stands. "More great Shakespearean stories of lost opportunity's and stories of stupidity later." he holds his beer out, "here’s to the Mystic, which will carry us..." 
Brandon breaks in, "Into our ultimate challenge of bringing back a treasure chest full of golden...uhh, gold." 
Derek finishes, "and...into the mystic." 
The whole crew stands and chants, "here, here" as they clink the bottles and chug their beer.


CHAPTER SIX

Nassau, Bahama's Day 1

The Mystic is docked, an attendant gasses it up. The guy's hover around Derek. "All right mates, I’ve arranged to have her docked here for the night. If we lose anyone, we can stumble back to the ship on our own. We leave at dawn, if you're not here, enjoy your vacation and we'll pick you up on the way back." 
Brandon pumps his fist in the air. "Let the stumbling begin!"
All hurry to a nearby bar.
Typical, busy Caribbean bar scene as Brandon and Sean dance to the live Reggae band with the locals. Derek and Kyle sit at a table littered with empty shot glasses.  
It is an average sized bar but most tables and the bar is filled with locals and tourists. Part of the bar is inside, part outside, but covered.
A local woman named Trista, 25, braided hair, sits with them. 
"So, where you boys go from here?" 
Derek downs another shot. "About two hundred miles northeast." 
"Why? There’s nothing there, except the Triangle." 
"That’s why we’re going." responds Derek. 
Trista stares hard at both, downs a shot. "You Americans think the stories you hear be all made up? I tell you mahn, you be playing with fire." 
Derek glances at Kyle, "Tell me more." 
"You don’t hear everything, only what ‘they’ want you to hear." 
"They?" asks Kyle, "who are they?" 
"The people that be in charge mahn, the same ones that run everything. They determine what you eat, how much they want to charge you. They decide how much you pay to go scuba diving and how much they pay the scuba master. That's who 'they' be." 
Derek quizzes, "What about the fisherman who bring in the fish?" 
"The same thing mahn, they pay what they want, the fisherman have no choice...where else they gonna go? But more importantly, more fisherman disappear than anyone would dream. You never hear about it, never will." 
Kyle grins. "This is awesome D, our first mysterious encounter. So why won’t we hear about it?" 
Trista's eyes sharpen and stare at both of them. "Tourists mahn, tourists. They boat, fish, stay in expensive hotels, eat at expensive restaurants. You never see that story in your American papers." 
Derek nods. "Sounds kind of crazy but I guess it makes sense. So how many have there been?" 
"No one is sure. My own father disappeared when I was fifteen years old." she glances around. "They don’t want us talking about it. Bad for business." 
Kyle ponders, "So who could 'they' be? A conspiracy?" 
Trista downs a shot, "You hear talk." 
Derek, curious, asks, "Your father...what happened?" 
"He went out with two other men one morning." she pauses, stares down, "they never found their bodies...or their boat. Just like that...BOOM!" she smacks a shot glass on the table. Derek and Kyle listen so intent, they jerk backwards like a ghost just scared them. "Gone forever." 
Derek sighs from the scare. "What do your people think has taken all these men?" 
"There's talk, but, no one knows...for sure. Some say there's a mermaid near the island of Little Exuma. They named her Pretty Molly." 
Derek and Kyle stare at each other as Kyle responds "Legend has it that mermaids can be good and bad. Personally, I don't think they exist." 
"It's all about legends mahn. You know what the blue holes around here are?" 
"I think they're like deep caverns or sinkholes...right?" Derek answers.   
"You got it mahn. They talk about a beast called Lusca. Some say it's part octopus, part shark. others say part octopus, part dragon. The locals believe that it be the cause of any water accidents, like drowning, that happen in or around the blue holes. They say Lusca use her long tentacles to drag humans and fishing boats into her underwater lair." 
Kyle adds, "And with all the fisherman you say disappear, the legend just grows." 
"Just because you can't see something don't mean it doesn't exist." Trista responds.
"So you're saying to open our eyes, look at what's not there?" Derek asks.  
Trista chuckles, "Some people's eyes are open, but, they still can't see."
"That's true, sometimes a blind person can see more than someone with their eyes open." Derek adds.
Kyle, a bit irritated, "What's with all this talk about 'eyes open', 'blind people'...for cryin' out loud, we're just taking a cruise, so stop with all the 'I can see, can you see', BS!" 
Sean wanders to their table, stops, sways a bit and stares at them. He's bare chested with no shirt on.
Derek asks, "Are you done dancing?" 
"Well now, that's a good question." he stares at Trista. "Am I done dancing?" 
Trista stands, pulls her chair out. "I would suggest you rest for a few songs. Have a seat." Sean sits, Trista waves goodbye, ambles away. 
Derek stares at Sean. "What happened to your shirt?" 
"What? What are you talking about?" he rubs his hand around his chest and stomach. "It's gone, someone stole my shirt! How could that happen? I must have passed out and they stole it." 
On the stage, in front of the band, Brandon dirty dances with a local who wears Sean's shirt. 
Derek smiles as Sean's head droops. "What do you say we head back to The Mystic and get some shuteye?" 
Sean jerks upright. "Yeah, I'm tired man, I'll find my shirt in the morning." 
They stand, Derek grabs Sean's shoulders to lead him out. Sean glances at the stage, stops, squints his eyes. "Is that my shirt up there...is that woman wearing my shirt?" 
Derek assures him, "No buddy, that's not your shirt." 
"For a minute there, I thought it was. Then hurry, 
get me back before I spew all over the floor."


CHAPTER SEVEN

At Sea Day 2

The boys relax on the rear deck and drink beer under a beautiful night sky filled with a million sparkling stars. 
Kyle sips his beer. "You had a good time last night Sean." 
"Yeah? I hope so because I barely remember." 
"You're lucky to remember anything drunk boy." Derek kids. "Do you remember taking off your shirt on the dance floor?" 
"No, but damned if I could find my shirt this morning." 
"There you have it. The woman you were dancing with looked hot in it. Besides, she probably needed it more than you." 
"Crap, that was my Tommy Bahama shirt." he glances at Brandon. "You were dancin' up a storm Buddy." 
"Yeah, well, I was almost out of my mind and, the woman I was dancing with...so hot. So I kept dancing...just like you Sean." Brandon grins. "I just didn't give away my shirt." 
"I remember, we were both coming back to the table and they played that song...uhh, what was it Brandon, we both turned and started to dance again." 
"You make me feel like dancin'." 
"Yeah, yeah, that's the song that did us in." 
Brandon pauses, gazes up to the sky. "I dreamed about fighting Pirates last night." 
Sean sarcastically responds, "You’ve been playing your video games again chubby duck." 
Brandon chuckles, "The guy that wants an eight year old girlfriend is calling me chubby duck."
"C'mon, back to pirate dreams." says Derek.
Brandon sighs, "They show me my destiny." 
"I'll play along. So what's your destiny video game boy?" asks Sean. 
Brandon pauses, smiles, "Well child predator, pretty simple really...I'm the man that saves the day." 
"Saves the day from what? Giant man-eating monsters?" Sean asks. 
Brandon, calm, replies, "Evil...dark...black...evil." 
Sarcastic, Sean fires, "Dream on video boy." 
"Maybe this trip will change all that." Derek states. 
Kyle adds, "Yeah, maybe we find the sunken treasure we talk about." 
Sean grins, "Right...and maybe I’ll find the girl of my dreams." 
Kyle raises his hand then lets it sink down. "Or maybe we just, just, disappear, become another Bermuda Triangle statistic." 
Brandon, a bit hyped, blurts out, "Guys, don’t you get it? This trip is about escape, adventure, a chance to get away from our world. Anything is possible out here." 
Derek sighs. "Yeah, he's right guys. I’m not in the office being yelled at by pissed off customers." 
Brandon stands, raises his beer. "Let’s toast, to adventure!" 
Kyle follows, raises his beer. "To sunken treasures!" 
Sean follows, raises his beer. "To a grown eight-year old woman." 
Derek stands, raises his beer. "I’ll ignore that one...and to us coming back changed men!" 
All of them lean forward, raise and clink their beers.

At sea, Day 3

The Mystic sits idle, engine off. Sean and Kyle sit in fishing seats on the rear deck. Their poles have lines cast out and are secured in holders. Derek and Brandon wander around the rear deck as they watch several dolphins jump all around the boat. The guys wear shorts and are shirtless, but each wears a hat to block the sun. Beer bottles are scattered everywhere. 
Derek approaches Sean. "Is your line deep enough so the dolphins won't get near it." 
"My line is so deep only a sea monster will see it." 
Derek and Brandon lean over the railing, watch the dolphins jump and play. 
Sean and Kyle are so relaxed in their seats they lean their heads back for a cat nap. Derek glances over at Sean, sees his line tug, go limp, then tug again. 
"Sean, wake up, you have some action on your line!" 
Sean jerks awake, watches his line yank the pole down. He grabs the pole, the line tugs again, he yanks it upward. 
He yells, "Got it." as the pole bends. "It's a big one." 
Derek and Brandon rush over to the rear deck railing and scour the deep water. 
Brandon yells out, "Nothing yet." 
Sean pulls the pole out of the holder as he tries to reel the line in. "Whatever it is I can't seem to reel it in." 
They all watch as the line zig-zags through the water and Sean’s pole is bent to the breaking point. The line goes limp, Sean reels more line in. 
"Damn, I think I lost him." As Sean reels, the line tightens and almost yanks the pole from his hands. 
"You still got him baby." Kyle yells. "C'mon, pull him in." 
As Sean struggles to reel the line in, the Mystic starts to be pulled backward. Derek glances at the guys incredulously as the Mystic skims backward. 
"What the hell is so big it can pull us backward?" 
The backward speed increases as the rear end of the mystic starts to lower into the water.
Derek yells, "Sean, just let the pole go!" 
“No way my man, we're having this beast for dinner." 
The rear end lowers even more to the point water splashes over the rear deck. 
Brandon yells, "Dammit Sean, let it go!" 
Sean holds tight until a hand reaches up to the line and cuts it with a knife. The Mystic bounces back up level. 
Sean shouts, "You had no right to do that Derek!" 
"I'm responsible for this boat and I'm not letting her get dragged under just so you can be the big fish macho man." 
Brandon approaches Kyle. "What could be so big that it could pull this boat backwards? I mean, backwards?" 
Kyle smiles. "Maybe a submarine." 
"Or maybe Moby Dick." Brandon jokes.

Later that night, the boys relax under a quiet, clear, star filled night. They chill on the rear deck, drink beer.
Sean breaks the silence. "What do guys think that thing today was...I mean, something big enough to pull us backwards?" 
Kyle grins. "I told Brandon it was a submarine." 
"Yeah. And I told Kyle he's a moron." 
"Well, whatever it was, I hope it's long gone and far away from here." Derek adds.
Off the bow, unseen by anyone, two large rolling waves move rapidly toward the boat. The waves hit, they slam and rock the idle boat as a loud BANG on the bottom shakes it. Their empty beer bottles rattle, many fall over and roll across the deck. The boys all grab their arm rests. 
Kyle yells, "What the hell was that?" 
Brandon spurts out the 'JAWS' theme, “Da da, da da, da da da da da da." 
Derek shouts "Grab the flashlights." 
Kyle hurries to a bin, pulls open the top, grabs two large, powerful flashlights, hands one to Derek. All four stare into the water, both flashlights shine deep. 
Brandon, half kidding, says "I expect a giant great white to bite a hole in us any minute." 
Derek squints deep down into the water. "I see something, it’s pretty deep. Shine the other light over here." 
Kyle shines his by Derek's light. "What the hell!" 
Deep down, they spot a large, blurry figure. 
Derek, in a quiet tone, responds, "Looks like a big shark, maybe a dolphin." 
Brandon nudges him. "I told ya, jaws dude!" 
Deep in the water, they see what looks like a large fish tail swimming deep with a large shark. 
Derek glances at the other three. "I'm not likin' what we're seeing here."
 
A bit later, all sit around a table, silent as they contemplate what happened earlier in the night. 
Derek stares blankly at the deck. "You know, it's one thing having waves slam into us but, then the bang, and at the same time...weird." 
Brandon adds, "Yeah, and it's even more weird after what Sean hooked today." 
"And now, those, those, sharks, dolphins, whatever they were, swimming beneath us." Kyle says, then pauses. "You remember what that women back in the Bahamas said?" 
"I remember now, she said I really like that shirt...can I try it on?" Sean answers.
Kyle grins. "Not you meathead, you Derek, you remember what she said?" 
"You mean Trista?" 
"Yeah, Trista. Kinda strange...even eerie with her talk of sea monsters and mermaids" 
Derek muses "I'm more concerned about her talk of all the missing fishermen. That's not where we want to end up. But, it's probably no big deal..."
"Probably being the key word." adds Kyle.
Derek smiles, "Most likely harmless mermaids." 
"I wish it was mermaids." ponders Sean.  
Brandon pops his head up. "Mermaids? Hold on, don’t move!" He jumps up, rushes into the cabin, returns, sits. He shines a small flashlight on a book. 
Derek stares at Brandon, asks, "Soooooo, what’s the mystery book?" 
Brandon holds the book out, toward the guys. "I forgot I had it in there. ‘MERMAIDS, Do They Exist?’ Timely topic, eh." 
Sean shakes his head. "Educational. I'm kidding about mermaids, he's serious. Go get your comics Brandon." 
"Shuddup man, I’ve been preparing for our trip." 
Sean, cynically insulting, fires, "You live in a fantasy world." 
"Really Sean?" responds Brandon. "How's living in the real world working out for you? At least I..." 
Derek interrupts. "Let him talk, I want to hear it." 
Brandon shines his flashlight on a page. "Listen, this mermaid stuff has been going on forever." he starts to read. "Mermaids have been seen through the centuries in every part of the world. In the First Century AD, Pliny the Elder wrote about 'women with rough scaly bodies, like fish." 
Sean chuckles. "Sounds like my last date." 
Brandon continues. "In the Fifth Century AD, Physiologus described the mermaid as 'a beast of the sea, wonderfully shapen as a maid, the upper body of a woman and the lower body of a fish, split at the naval'. First century man! Pliny the Elder, wild stuff!" 
Sean says, "Pliny this!" he chugs his beer and spews out a thunderous "BURRRRRRRPPPP!" 
Brandon shakes his head. "Nice, you pig! Listen. In 1608 Discoverer Henry Hudson’s crew spotted a mermaid alongside their ship. He wrote 'she was looking earnestly on the men, she was spreckled like a macrell with long black hair, white skin and a woman’s breasts'. Henry Hudson, an explorer!" 
"Explore this." Sean chugs his beer and spews out another thunderous "BUUURRRRRPPPPPP!" 
Now Derek shakes his head. "Dude! You're such a pig. So Brandon, what you’re saying is, uhh, you believe in Mermaids?" 
"Well yeah, I guess you're right." 
Sean adds, "Yeah, but he still believes in Santa Claus."
"Bite me Sean...but he's right, I do believe in Santa Claus." 
Kyle wonders out loud. "I gotta say, after what just happened," he holds a large spoon to his mouth like a microphone. “The Mystic was last seen two hundred miles off the Bahama coast. The Coast Guard said that after listening to radio transmissions from the crew, they were concerned the crew was under severe mental distress, perhaps even going mad!"


CHAPTER EIGHT


At Sea Day 4

Brandon and Sean sit in fishing seats while Derek and Kyle relax on each side of them in chairs, faces turned up at the sun. All drink beer as rolling waves gently slap the side of the Mystic and the hot sun blazes down on their faces, putting them into a euphoric near sleep state.
Brandon, eyes closed, murmurs, "This is paradise." 
Kyle pumps his fist. "Yes! It’s a long way from the office." 
"Hell, it’s a long way from any kind of reality." Sean adds. 
Derek says "If this is all we do the whole trip, I’ll consider our vacation successful." 
Kyle hops up, leans on the rail, gazes out to sea. In the distance, dolphins jump. "Hey guys, come here, it looks like a big school of dolphins, about fifty yards out." 
They rush to the boat rail and watch as dolphins leap in and out of the water. 
"Fantastic!" Kyle says. “It’s like they know we’re watching." 
The dolphins form a semi-circle, their heads bob above the water line. It seems they all stare at the Mystic. 
Brandon asks "What the hell are they doing, getting in formation to attack us? This is way too weird." 
As they watch, a woman’s head appears in the middle of the dolphins, from her shoulders up. The boys glance at each other in amazement. 
Sean grins. "I knew we’d find women out here." 
"I’m sure she’s just taking a leisurely swim...two hundred miles from nowhere." Derek says as he dashes off. He returns, looks through binoculars. "This is really weird. I can see the dolphins but not her." He takes the binoculars away from his eyes, sees the woman, looks through them again, no woman. 
Kyle grabs the binoculars. "You’re on drugs, lemme look." He moves the binoculars away from his eyes, sees the woman, looks through them again, no woman. He hands the binoculars to Sean as Derek and Kyle glance at each other.
As they watch, the woman disappears, the dolphins swim away. Their eyes follow the leaping dolphins into a heavy, large fog bank, not visible before. 
The guys just stare at it until Brandon breaks the silence. "Where in the hell did that thing come from?" 
Derek responds, "I don’t know, it wasn’t here before the dolphins." 
Kyle warns, "It’s moving toward us." 
Derek, a bit concerned, echoes, "Roger that. Since its surrounding us, I’ll start the engines, we’ll head straight into it and out the other side."
Derek rushes into the control room and starts the engines, then shoves the power handle forward. The Mystic shoots into the fog.
As the fog engulfs the Mystic, instantly, they are in a storm. Huge waves roll the boat, thunder claps, light flashes, the boat rolls on top of the giant waves. Derek struggles to keep the steering wheel steady. 
Outside, on the deck, torrents of water soak the guys. They hold tight to the railing, afraid, frozen. A wave slams into all of them. Kyle holds tight, Sean and Brandon are knocked to the deck. Huge waves splash over the railing again, shoving Sean and Brandon against a deck wall. As Brandon grabs an anchor chain, Sean frantically looks for something to grasp onto but finds nothing. Desperate, he reaches over and grabs the deck rail as another huge wave knocks him down, breaking his grip loose from the railing. He crawls back, grabs the rail with one hand. As he tries to pull himself up, a wave crashes in from the opposite side, lifting Sean off his feet. Kyle and Brandon watch in horror as Sean disappears over the railing, leaving only his hands still gripping the rail. Brandon is close, he tries to shuffle over to Sean’s hands. 
Derek rushes back onto the deck but he slips and falls. He pulls himself up by grabbing a bar attached to the wall. He screams, "Hurry Brandon!"
They watch helplessly as Sean’s hands slip away from the rail. As soon as his hands disappear, the sea seems to calm down. The lightening, thunder and huge waves are gone. All three rush to the spot Sean went over. They stare into the dark and cloudy water. Fearful, panicky, jittery, they glance at each other. The storm ends as it seems to get what it came for.
The fog is still so thick they can’t see past the boats deck. They go inside and gather around the radar, hoping to see something, anything. 
Kyle states the obvious. "Nothing." 
Derek responds "No, there shouldn’t be, it’s clear from here to the Cayman Islands." 
As it all sinks in, Brandon questions, "What are we going to do about Sean?" 
Derek sighs. "Soon as this calms down, we'll look
for him." 
"This is a freaking nightmare. Just like that," Kyle snaps his fingers, "he's gone." 
Derek opens charts, points. "We should be right about here. Nothing around for hundreds of miles." 
Brandon rubs his forehead. "We’ve been in this crap for an hour, what’s going on?" 
Kyle responds, "I don't know but what I do know is we need to look for Sean." 
Derek, agitated, retorts "Dammit Kyle, we'll look as soon as we get out of this." he pauses, leans down on both hands, then, slowly looks back up. "but I gotta tell ya, I’m not optimistic." 
Brandon glances out the window. "The fogs lifting." The guys rush back onto the deck. 
They line up next to each other, lean on the railing, engine off. The rest of the fog breaks as The Mystic glides out. 
About half a mile away, two islands sit. Even from where they are, the islands look lush and green. 
Brandon smacks Derek on the shoulder, points to the islands. "What the hell..." 
Derek stares at the islands. "Looks like two islands to me." 
Kyle, nervous, forces his words out. "But... there aren't..."                                                          
Derek finishes. "Supposed to be any islands in this area. I know, I’m calling the Coast Guard." 
He rushes back into the control room, glances at the radar and gauges, all are out. He punches the button on the radio, no power. He turns the engine key, nothing. "Dammit, what the crap is going on!"
Derek rushes back outside, sees Kyle and Brandon leaning against the rail, seemingly mesmerized. 
He joins them. "What's going on guys?" 
Kyle wears a huge smile on his face. He waves his hand outward. "We have company." 
The boat is surrounded by dolphins. Some jump, some are still, others squeak. 
Brandon smiles. "I wish I knew what they were saying." 
"I know exactly what they're saying." Derek answers. 
Brandon shoots him an icy stare. "Okay Mr. Animal Kingdom interpreter and expert of all the world's animals, what are they saying?" 
Derek answers "They’re saying we’re in deep shit because we have no power." 
Kyle squints his eyebrows. "What do you mean we have no power?" 
"You know, like in dead! No radio, no radar, no engines, kinda like a car in a junkyard." responds Derek. 
Brandon peers over the deck at the water. "Then why are we moving so quickly toward that island?" 
They all lean over and look down, outside the railing. Water ripples from the bow, the stern leaves a trail. 
Derek jokes, "I guess The Mystic's gone green." 
The boat continues to drift toward the north island. As they get closer, very faint, each hear beautiful, angelic, mesmerizing singing float from it. The boys fall into a calm trance and, as the singing gets closer, it gets a bit louder. The dolphins have disappeared, the boat is six hundred yards from the north island. 
Brandon, trance like, declares, "It’s the most beautiful singing I’ve ever heard." 
Kyle echoes. "Like angels calling me from the heavens." 
Derek, panicked, shakes Kyle's shoulder. "It’s a trap, don’t you remember the stories, they lure you to shore to die. Plug your ears!" Derek sticks his fingers in his ears. "Kyle, plug your ears!" 
"But the music Derek, so sweet...I have to listen." 
Abruptly, the boat changes directions, a drastic turn moves them toward the south island. Derek fights to keep the singing out. Slow, he removes his fingers. Trance like, he falls under its spell as the soothing music penetrates his ears. He smiles and joins the others. All three stare at the north island as the singing coming from it gets louder and becomes more mesmerizing. Their eyes twitter with happy, but trance like looks as the Mystic continues to move toward the south island. 
Brandon struggles to speak. "I...I have to go." 
Kyle, weak, agrees, "I know." 
Brandon dives into the water and swims toward the north island.
Kyle watches for a few moments, smiles at Derek. "I have to go too." He dives into the water, starts to swim toward the north Island. 
Derek watches Kyle swim away. He waves his arms. "Hold up, I'm comin'."  He smiles, dives in. 
They each tread water and float fifty yards from the boat, twenty to thirty yards apart. As each tires, they struggle to stay above water. One by one, they slip under the surface and drop further down. The pristine water is clear and bright, it sparkles. Dreamlike, slow, they sink, their eyes open but blurred, paralyzed, alone. Each see dolphins swim toward them. 
Derek sees only a blur approach, he struggles to swim away but goes nowhere. A mermaid appears in front of him, but his blurred vision can’t see what she is. Her hands glide to his head, he pushes them away, tries to back up. He gasps for air, she moves her hands forward, he’s passing out. She pulls his limp head to hers, blows into his mouth. Instantly, his vision clears and he breathes. 
Calm, she continues to stare, her long hair flowing with the current. She smiles, he relaxes. She wears a south seas type halter top, pearls adorn her neck. She reaches her hand out, he grabs it as a dolphin swims next to him. She places his hand on the dorsal fin, then his other hand. Slow, she swims away. Derek and the dolphin follow. 
They pick up speed and soon near the south island. As they approach the beautiful, clear, underwater mountain terrain, Derek spots a cave opening. They shoot into the darkened cave, the walls become a blur as they zoom by. As they near the end of the cave, rays of sun illuminate the water. Once they exit into an open lagoon, Derek blacks out.


CHAPTER NINE


DAY 4 ATARGATIS ISLAND 

Dazed, Derek lies on his back, a sparkling lagoon in front of him. His blurred eyes twitter open, his vision clears, he sits up. He stares at a tropical paradise. 
The island rises to around two thousand feet, sloped like a football stadium. Lush, thick green plants and trees cover the terrain. Fruit hangs from trees occupied by chirping, exotic, colorful birds. A small waterfall flows in the distance.
Brandon and Kyle relax next to a fire. They dip soup from a clam shell bowl with a small clam shell spoon.
“Bout time you woke up." Kyle says. 
Derek, confused, asks, “Where are we?" 
Brandon sips his soup. “Heaven."
“Really, where are we?" he asks again.
“I told you, Heaven." Brandon repeats. 
“Jerk offs." Derek snaps.
Arianna, dressed like an island dancer from Hawaii, strolls over, hands Derek a bowl of soup. She looks to be around mid-forties, strands of white pearls hang from her neck. Derek studies her.    
“We’re on the island we saw." responds Kyle. 
"Righhhht...the island. How did we get here?" Derek asks as he takes a dip of soup, raises it to his mouth. 
Kyle smiles. “I cruised here on the fins of a dolphin."
Derek stops the spoon next to his mouth, then lowers the spoon and soup down. “Quick, put it down, don’t eat it."
“You’re not in Heaven, you’re on Atargatis Island." responds Arianna.
Derek, a bit confused, repeats, “Atar, Atarga..."
Arianna repeats. “Atargatis Island. I brought you here after you tried to drown yourself."
Derek mutters, “I only remember, a, uhhhhh... mermaid?" 
Arianna sits by the fire, eats. Without looking up, she responds, “Yes, that was me."
“No, no, that was a dream. Guys, I’d stop eating that soup." Derek warns.
“She is D, in the water a swimming, streamlined, beautiful half woman, half fish, but once out," Kyle points to her, “just a beautiful woman." 
“You morons, that soup is drugged." again warns Derek. 
“Sometimes, right in the middle of our mundane lives," muses Brandon, “a magical fairy tale is born."
“A magical fairy tale? Seriously?" Derek shakes his head. “Listen video game boy, put the soup down, it’s getting worse."                                       
Kyle smiles. “I really like the soup. It’s, it’s organic."
“If I didn’t have a brain I could believe you." scowls Derek.
Arianna stares down a path. A beautiful mid-twenties woman appears, strolls by the guys, smiles at Derek.
Derek grins. “Now we’re talkin’ reality."
Slow, she ambles into the water and dives in. Her head pops up, she leans back and splashes her tail. Derek stares in disbelief at the guys, then Arianna. Brandon raises his eyebrows and shoots him a ‘I told you so’ look. 
Derek picks up the soup, takes a sip. “We always thought mermaids were, uhh, a myth."
Arianna smiles. "It’s to our advantage for the world to think that. In the last three thousand moons, we let ourselves be seen too often, caught too often. We almost became extinct. We found small islands, like this, where we can live, untouched by your world."
“But your island is obvious." reasons Derek.
“You didn’t see it did you? It’s not on your maps or charts, it’s invisible to human eyes, even your modern machines. We choose who we want to see us."
Brandon smiles. “A magician ehh."
Arianna responds. “Not quite. We are descended from the Greek Gods, their powers have been passed down...to us."
“Greek Gods, mermaids, c’mon." questions Derek, still not fully convinced.
“So you think you jumped into the water to take a swim? What do you think that singing was? A church chorus?"  
“I...I don’t know." he rubs his forehead. “Wait a minute, where’s Sean?"
Kyle stares at Derek. “Bro, you don’t remember?"
Derek pauses, looks down as he tries to remember. “The storm?"
Brandon mumbles a painful whisper, “He’s gone D."
No one speaks. The painful truth, and reality, seems to sink in to the three guys. 
Finally, Arianna breaks the silence. “You all need rest, we’ll talk at dinner. Let me show you to your huts."
She leads them down a path thick with beautiful, exotic palms, trees and plants. Another waterfall trickles in the distance. Giant green leaves cast shadows on small red and white flowers. Green, red and yellow clustered berries, three inches long, hang from exotic five-foot high plants decorated with colorful, medium sized parrots.
They stroll by different women, early to mid-twenties, adorned in exotic island dress. All have long, beautiful hair and all wear various types of pearl necklaces. Some linger around, some sit on wooden benches, some hide by trees. They all want to see the new guys in town as word has spread to everyone of their arrival. The women stare as they pass, whisper with each other, giggle. 
Brandon slows and smiles at two beauties who demurely smile back. He turns to Derek. “We’re in Babeland, these women are the toys in Babeland. They all want me."
Derek pushes him forward as Brandon glances back and smiles.
They approach a hut made of bamboo and various other leafy plants. Inside is a cot covered with blankets made of shark skins. A dorsal fin protrudes from the middle. A large clamshell bowl and water pitcher decorate a small table along with a sponge and ancient wine goblets.                              
Arianna waves her hand at the furnishings. “This is your hut, I think you’ll find it quite comfortable."                                                 
Brandon inspects the area. “I stayed in a Holiday Inn one time, just like this." he picks up an ancient goblet. “This is old, where’s it from?"
“Shipwrecks. We’ve salvaged things from them for centuries."
“You got any more of this old junk lying around?"
She smiles. “Please, rest until it’s time to eat, I’ll send someone. You two come with me."


CHAPTER TEN


DAY 4   ERATO ISLAND 

In contrast to the Atargatis Island, Erato, Island of the Sirens, has half the vegetation. Many bare spots are filled with dying trees, a moonscape of rocks and boulders speckled with green and yellow leafy trees and bushes. 
Scattered about are huts made from shipwrecked boats. On one side of the lagoon sits a huge shell of an old, wrecked, upside-down pirate ship. The front end is gone, the ship gutted.
Inside sit chairs, tables, various other furniture, all embedded with gold. Eight beautiful women occupy chairs, four on each side. 
At the head, in an ornate chair adorned with gold, sits Nemeritias, fortyish, ruler of the island. A beauty with long black hair, dressed similar to, even resembling, Cleopatra, but dressed in all dark clothing.
Two men in ragged clothes, worn tennis shoes, disheveled hair, wait on each side of Nemeritias. Their hands are folded as they wait for her orders. Next to her sits her daughter, Chiron, mid-twenties, beautiful but with a youthful innocence. She's dressed similar to her mother. Chiron shoots a faint smile at Sean, who stands at the feet of Nemeritias.
Nemeritias asks, “What do they call you?"
“Sean...where am I?"
“I’ll ask the questions...Human." Nemeritias snaps back.
Chiron responds. “Mother, he just got here. He doesn't, really...feel like the other men."
"He’s a human man, just like the others. We shall see if he is different." Nemeritias casually answers.
Sean and Chiron lock eyes, a silent understanding between them.
Nemeritias continues. “You’re on the Island of Erato, home of the Sirens, resting place of children of the Greek Gods."
 	“My friends, are they here?"
“They will be joining you soon. The Gods have smiled upon you, otherwise your body would sleep with the crabs."
“Crabs, eh. Nice. Why am I here?"
“Because you’re human. We have certain ‘needs’ for human men and once you fulfill those needs, you’re free to go."
“If I’m free to go, why are those two guys standing by you like servants?"
“Because they choose to be here! You humans are so arrogant when you get here, but, after a time, so humble, so pleased."
Sean raises his eyebrows. “Pleased?"
“Yes...pleased to be alive. Take him to his quarters."

Trey, late thirties, leads Sean down a dirt path. He is ruggedly handsome, wears a tattered shirt, knee length torn, ragged pants and tennis shoes filled with holes. They talk as they walk.
Sean asks, “What in the crap is going on here? One minute I’m drinking beer in a boat with my buddies and before I know it I’m in the land of OZ, though I will say the wicked witch is a babe." 
Trey asks, “Do you remember how you got here?"
“All I remember is...a storm, nothing after that."
“What I heard was there was a battle over all of you and somehow, the mermaids got your friends."
“Mermaids?" Sean responds, surprised.
“Yes, the other island you saw, the mermaids live there, the sirens here."
“Mermaids...sirens...I’m not an idiot Trey. Get real."
“You’re here, aren’t you? The outside world doesn’t believe in any of it...that’s why we’re still stuck here."
They finally reach the hut, step inside and sit. The hut is nothing more than an eight foot by eight-foot room, built from old pieces of pirate ship planks. It’s furnished with a battered, shipwrecked cot, beat up table and two chairs, not much more.
Trey smiles. “Not exactly the downtown Hilton."
Sean glances around at the hut, grins. “Not even an old Motel Six that smells musty. How long have you been here?"
“Eight miserable years. At this point, I consider myself a dead man."
“With all these women?"
“Women when they need you, teethy, snapping, sirens when they don’t."
“I’ve dated a few of those."
“It’s not only their numbers, they make you do things, control your thoughts, control you."
“Exactly why I’m not married."
“You’re fresh meat here, don’t make the same mistake I did."
“Clue me in."
Trey leans forward, whispers. “Don’t ever trust them. No matter what they say, it’s a lie."
“Damn, just like back home."
“It’s not a joking matter Sean, they’ll bite your head off, literally."
Sean rubs his neck, then his head. “Yeah, okay, thanks for the positive vibes Trey."
 
Back on Atargatis Island, the dinner area is set up in a beautiful setting next to the lagoon, lit by torches. A waterfall flows across the lagoon, its soothing sounds much like background music. On the long wooden plank table, straight off a pirate ship, are plates, silverware, goblets, knives, a large jug of rum. The food includes clamshell bowls of various soups, mostly seaweed and kelp, small fish and sand dabs. A huge kettle pot steams nearby.
The three guys share the table with twenty beautiful, exotic, women. Some are brown, some dark to black, many white, all medium to long flowing hair decorated with various natural clam and other shell type hair clips.
Arianna sits at the head of the table.
Derek sips rum. “Arianna, this food, awesome. And this rum, sweet as honey. How old is it?"
“Three hundred years." Arianna replies. “Most of us have lived for many hundreds of moons, except for the children."
Brandon nods his head. “You got juice, I give you that. If you live so long, why aren’t there more of you?" 
Arianna grins. “Human men can be, uhhh... difficult to come by."
“I knew I was special." Brandon glances at the women. “And human men with qualities like me are very difficult to come by."
“That’s why the Siren’s brought you here." Arianna responds. “Like us, the only way to continue their species is to mate with human men. We only breed females sooo, we have to find human men to continue our existence. When the Sirens lure a ship here, we fight over the men."
Brandon smiles at Treena, mid-twenties, a beautiful woman. She sits across the table. “I’m ready to work!" Treena lowers her head, a bit embarrassed.
Arianna continues. “The Sirens want us dead, so they can have all the human men."
Derek wonders out loud. “And us? Where do we fit in?"
“You work with us, we work with you. You’ll be free to go." Arianna answers.
Brandon smiles. “The key word being, ‘breed’?"
“Yes, a human man’s living dream." 
Brandon jumps up, reaches across the table, extends his hand and Treena hers. “I’m Brandon."
Treena, more shy than timid, answers, “Treena."
All three men inspect the women. Four little girls giggle at the end of the table. The women shoot glances, many look down, others whisper.
“Most of the women have never been with a man, they’re very shy." Arianna says, “but...we need children."
Brandon smiles at Treena. “Isn’t this just a great match, I need women."
Derek stares down at the table. “We lost our friend in the storm."
Arianna, consoling, replies, “Yes, I know. I am sorry."
“It doesn’t seem right without him, he’s, he’s one of us." Derek says.
“And what would Sean do if it were one of us that was lost at sea and not him?" Kyle asks.
Derek nods. “Yeah, I know. Hell, who knows, after what I've seen, he may still be alive."
Kyle holds up an old pirate knife handle, changes his voice. “Anything is possible in the magical land of mermaids."
Arianna stands. “Enjoy your dinner, we’ll show you our wonders of the sea tomorrow."  

Back on Erato Island, Sean sits at a dinner table that's set up similar to the mermaids. They eat dolphin. Nemeritias sits at the head of the table, Chiron next to her, opposite Sean. 
Steven, Australian, and Seth, rugged, early thirties, attend to the group. Everyone eats in a tense silence until Nemeritias speaks. 
‘My daughter, Chiron, has never been with a man. She has not yet been ‘changed’." 
Sean stops, glances up from his food. “Changed how?"
“She does not yet have our powers, she has, say, more human traits, weaker in mind, in body." 
Sean mocks. “Human traits...what a burden!"
Nemeritias snaps back, “We did not choose to be who we are, just as a shark or a snake did not choose what they are, as you did not choose who you are." she composes herself. “That choice was made long ago, by our Gods, and I cannot change that. We are all creatures of our Gods."
Sean asks, “Okay, what does that have to do with me?"
“I have been waiting for many moon cycles to find the right man for Chiron. Many men have come but, I never felt a connection, a powerful draw, to any of them." 
Sean shrugs his shoulders. “Okay, so what does that have to do with me? What’s your point?"
“Your response is my point. You are like Chiron’s father when he came...insolent, defiant, abrasive."
"Sooo, you find those traits ‘attractive’?"
Nemeritias glares at Sean. "I find those traits obnoxious. But it shows a defiant side of you not common in most men."
"Bout time I was appreciated."
Nemeritias pauses, stares. "I want you to be the one." 
Sean responds, "I've always been the one," but a bit confused, he asks, "The one what?"
"The one who gives my daughter a child."
"WHOAA! Me? I was just kidding, I’m nothing special, I don’t have rich parents, I don’t know who my ancestors were. Hell, I don’t even have a job. I’m not the one for this."
"I’m not asking you."
"Seriously, I have an itch". he points. "Down there. I’m a bank robber, I snore. I can make a list."
"Seven cycles from tonight, you will lie with my daughter. Until then, you and Chiron will...bond. She will show you our island, reveal our culture." she pauses. "Seven cycles Sean."
Chiron stares down at her food as she picks at it. Sean stares at her. Slowly, she looks up, they lock eyes.


CHAPTER ELEVEN


DAY 5 - PLAYTIME

The small group stand in the lagoon sand, near the water. Arianna stares at the guys, smiles and asks, "Are you ready to see our other world?"
Brandon quickly answers, "I’ve been ready my whole life."
Treena ambles to Brandon, Keela to Derek, Anna to Kyle. Keela and Anna are both mid-twenties with long, flowing hair. They exude pure, natural beauty. Each of the girl's place their hands on each man’s head, pull them close, plant their mouths on them and blow their magical powers into them. 
Brandon kisses back, Treena smacks his head. "Open your mouth and be still."
All three women blow for about five seconds until the men breathe deep and feel the change. The four women stroll into the water, dive underneath and reappear with their shoulders at the water line. The men glance at each other, rush and dive into the water.
Brandon shouts, "I’m a human submarine!"
Ten dolphins surface around them. The women's legs have turned into mermaid tails.
Anna says, "Your rides are here, hold on to their fins. If there’s any trouble, stay with them." she pauses, "our dolphins will protect you."
One dolphin swims to Brandon and nudges him with his beak. Brandon rubs his head.
Treena smiles and rubs his snout. "That’s Squeek, he likes you. A good sign."
All three grab the fins, slip under the water and shoot through the cave into the open sea. Arianna and her mermaids have greenish and light blue tails. 
The mermaids stop, the men let go and stare in wonder at the underwater terrain. A beautiful sight with  lush vegetation and white sand,. Exotic tropical fish and other odd looking sea creatures swim around them.
A giant sea turtle approaches and circles the guys. Each of them rub the turtle's back. Satisfied, the giant creature glides away.
A curious octopus approaches Brandon, strokes him with his tentacles. Brandon, nervous but confident, doesn't move. The octopus soon shoots away.
A large, colorful fish approaches Kyle, stops in front of his face. Both stare at each other until the fish darts circles around Kyle and dashes away.
A huge swarm of small tropical fish form a wall around the guys.
A giant manta ray approaches like a Blue Angel jet, does a three sixty around the guys and glides away into the deep blue water.
Above them, rays of sun peek through a large group of colorful jellyfish.
They approach an old pirate shipwreck. The mermaids point to the opening and all swim in through a big, jagged open gap in the side.
The inside is littered with all sorts of old treasures. The guys inspect goblets, silverware, plates, old bottles.
Brandon spots a sword, swims over and picks it up. It has a shiny long blade and a handle adorned with jewels. He holds it up with both hands, slices it through the water. He thinks back to his dream, smiles at the resemblance to the sword in his dream. 
Two other swords are scattered nearby, in sheaths. He grabs the swords and hands them to Derek and Kyle, who slip them through their belts.
Brandon spots a darkened corner where it looks like there may be the outline of a small door. He swims over, pushes the door open. He squints his eyes as he enters an open area soaked with sunlight. He is now in what he believes was the Captains quarters. He surveys the area, sunlight reflects off something in a corner. He swims over, picks up a gold necklace with a worn medallion attached. He tries to read it, but it's tarnished with dirt. He rubs his thumb over it, rubs it on his pants and holds it up toward the sunlight to read it. It's a Spanish Conquistador Medallion, dated 1695. He smiles, puts it around his neck and continues to inspect. He spots another small door, opens it. He jerks back as skeleton floats out.
He stares at a treasure chest bulging full of various types of gold, jewelry and coins. He grabs a mixed handful and stuffs them in his pocket. He spots a large, what looks like a crystal ball. As he picks it up, the inside clouds a light brown which fills the ball. He starts to put if back, but the cloud dissipates and he sees a man in ancient clothes kneeling over a woman in bed. The man holds a rod in one hand as he helps the woman sip from a cup.
Brandon's breathing increases, becomes somewhat labored as he starts to panic. Instantly, he becomes the man in the ball. He inspects his surroundings. He's in a small, sparsely furnished wooden walled room. Two women watch from behind him. The woman takes the cup from his hand, struggles to drink the liquid. She finishes, drops her exhausted head onto the pillow. A woman behind him asks, "Will it work Asclepius?"
Brandon asks, "What did you call me?"
The woman answers, "You are Asclepius, the healer of the sick."
Brandon pauses, stares at the woman on the bed.
"You will be better when the sun rises tomorrow."
	Both woman clasp their hands together as one says. "You are truly favored by the Gods."
	Instantly, Brandon is standing back in the Captains quarters, staring at an empty glass ball. He puts it down and swims back to the others. 
He reaches the guys in the lower galley, shows them the medallion he found and points to where he got it. He pulls pieces of gold from his pocket, displays them like a proud father. Derek inspects his chain and a few gold coins as he silently mouths ‘WOW’.
Arianna stares, nods her head to go outside. Brandon points to the captain's quarters. Arianna points to outside. Brandon's face pouts as they all swim out of the ship.
Back on the water surface, along with the guys, dolphin and mermaid heads bob above water, two hundred yards from the island.
Keela yells out, "Playtime!"
Arianna and the guys watch as her mermaids and three dolphins dive under. The guys duck under to watch and see a dolphin swimming next to each mermaid. The group swims deep until they disappear. Quick, like six rockets they launch to the surface. Each mermaid, dolphin by their side, explode through the water, fly twelve feet high then dive back in. A few moments pass, and they again explode from the water, Anna and Keela on one side face Treena on the other side. They fly by each other, Keela on bottom, Treena in the middle, Anna on top. The guys laugh in wonder, like a child giggles at Christmas.
Brandon raises his hand and moves it like it's flying. "The Blue Angels of the deep."
Anna smiles, points to the guys. "Now you all try it."
The guys stare at each other, nod their heads. They dive down ten feet, turn, kick like maniacs, shoot to the surface. They break through, try to jump but don’t even leave the water. The mermaids giggle as Arianna points to the dolphins who then swim over to the guys. Each guy grabs a fin and dives under.
The dolphins go deep, the guys hold tight with both hands, then shoot to the surface. They struggle to keep hold of the fins. Each break water and fly about ten feet high. Brandon loses his grip on top and flops back in the water. The guys hoot and holler.
Derek, excited, yells, "That was incredible, let’s do it again!"
Kyle snickers, "Nice flop Brandon."
Brandon retorts, "Piss off boys, I’ll do it."
Arianna shouts, "We must go...now!"
They each slip under water and gaze to where Arianna stares. In the distance, a pack of six various types of large sharks, each with big razor like teeth, swim toward them, fast. Each guy grabs a dolphin fin as they bomb toward the cave. The remaining dolphins protectively surround them.
Derek glances back, the sharks gain. The dolphins pick up speed. Kyle struggles to hold on but loses his grip, tumbles off. The others stop and wait as the dolphin continues. Kyle is alone as the sharks bomb straight at him. His dolphin returns and Kyle grabs his fin as a shark closes in. The dolphin furiously pumps his tail as they start to shoot through the water.
Three sharks continue after Kyle, three speed toward the others like torpedo's. They approach fast, their steel trap mouths open with giant snapping teeth. Kyle screams but it is muffled by water. The lead shark is now next to him, jaws wide open. He’s now close behind Kyle, his mouth big enough for a boat to fit in. He’s now at the dolphin's tail as he prepares to bite. Kyle pushes away just as the shark bites the dolphin in half. Blood darkens the water.
The shark stops, he and Kyle are almost face to face, they stare at each other. He opens his jaws, moves toward a frozen Kyle. At the last moment, a dolphin smashes into the center belly section of the shark near Kyle. Like torpedoes, two other dolphins pound into the remaining two sharks.
All three sharks float, immobile. Around the other mermaids is the same scene, the other three sharks float. The attacking dolphin swims to Kyle, he grabs the fin and along with the others, they speed off.


ERATO ISLAND


Chiron and Sean relax on rocks near a waterfall. It's a peaceful, soothing area, made more so by the waterfall's trickling sounds.
Chiron asks, "What is it you do in your world?"
Sean replies, "I built things...but, not anymore."
"Why no more?"
"Not enough work to keep me busy, sooo..." Sean pauses, "I robbed a bank."
"What is it to rob a bank?"
"Ahhh...let’s see, uhhh, it’s like a, a, pirate taking gold from someone else."
"So you are a modern day pirate?"
"I never thought of it that way but, yeah, I guess I am."
"I don’t know if I like you now. Why do you take that which is not yours?"
"I, I don’t uhh, I’m not sure." he pauses, thinks. "Why does your mother force me to give you a child?"
"This is the law of our ancestors."
"So how can you question me when she takes what is not hers?"
"That is what my mother does."
"So why do you question me?"
"Because, if your heart is not pure, your actions will not be pure."
"I don’t see many men around here who have a clean slate."
"The men are clean, they bathe, regularly."
"Chiron, look, I don’t even know why I’m here. I just want to stay alive until I can get back with my friends. Can you help me do that?"
"Why would I help you?"
"You either help me or end up with a child that is not ‘pure’."
"So, you are a pirate, and a weasel."
"And you a siren with no ‘un-purity’?"
"Do you want to battle me with words?"
"No, I just want your help."
"You will have to earn that with your actions." she stands. "Enough for now, let’s swim."
Both dash into the water. Chiron transforms into a mermaid, leans back, tail on the surface. Sean rubs her greenish, dark tail. The look on his face says it all, he’s amazed, scared, intrigued. Chiron smiles, slaps the water which soaks Sean. She swims off, he chases as they both romp and splash each other while playing like two little children.


CHAPTER TWELVE


Derek, Keela, Brandon and Treena, Kyle and Anna sit on benches around a fire. The guys drink rum, the children play. Arianna observes it all.
Kyle ponders, "Shark teeth are big close up. I’m not going back in, I’ve seen Jaws."
"They were going to take you to the sirens, not eat you." Arianna responds.
Brandon sighs. "Great, from paradise to prison."
Derek purses his lips. "What’s the difference, we have no way to get back home, our boat’s gone." he opens both hands. "We’re stuck here."
Arianna responds. "No, you're not."
"Not what?" Derek asks.
"Not stuck...you're not stuck here."
"What are you gonna do, call a water taxi? Or maybe you have a secret airport strip and you can..."
"My, my, my, for a grown man you whine like a little girl." she pauses, "Your boat is safe, it’s well hidden on the south side of our island."
The guys glance at each other, then stare at her in disbelief.
"You’re kidding...why haven’t you told us before?" Brandon asks.
Arianna smugly answers, "Simple. You didn’t ask."
Derek asks, "Soooo, you’re going to let us go?"
 	"If you'll remember, I told you when you got here you can go, if you work with us."
Brandon stares at Treena and smiles. "I’m ready to work."
Arianna grins. "What a surprise."
"You’re a pig Brandon!" Derek adds.
Brandon curls his nose. "Oink, oink!"
Two little girls, Alison and Isabel, 7 - 8 years old, hear Brandon oink and rush over to him.
Isabel looks up, wide eyed, "What does that mean?"
Brandon smiles. "And what are your names, little fishes?"
Alison firmly replies, "I’m not a fish, I’m a mermaid!"
Isabel adds, "Yeah, me too! Do that sound again."
"Tell me your names, then I’ll do it."
"I’m Alison." she holds out hand, "nice to meet you."
"I’m Isabel, very nice to meet you."
He shakes both of their hands.
"Wow, what manners. Okay, oink, oink...oink oink, oink!"
The little girls giggle.
"Do something else." Alison asks.
Isabel puts her hands together, pleads. "Yeah, something else, please!"
He holds his two bent thumbs together and makes it appear he separates his thumb. The girls giggle.
Alison smiles. "Again, another one! Please!"
Brandon shoots a look at Arianna. "I love an audience."
Both put their hands together, eager smiles on their faces.
Brandon sighs. "Okay, here goes. Gene Gene built a machine, Joe Joe made it go, Art Art let a fart and blew it all apart."
The girls stare, confused. Isabel asks, "What’s a fart?"
Arianna rolls her eyes. "Some things you girls don’t need to know, now run off and play." she stares at Brandon. "I guess what Derek said earlier is true."
Brandon raises his eyebrows. "And what might that be oh mighty underwater Queen ruler of all that moves or swims." 
Arianna smiles. "I think, maybe, something about a pig."
Derek adds, "Nice job Brandon, way to represent us."
Brandon sighs. "C’mon, I was only playing. Lighten up dude! Anyway, I got this nice piece of gold history." he holds out the medallion. "should set me up if we ever get back."
"We have no use for gold, everything we need is here." Arianna says.
"It comes in preeettty handy in our world." Brandon replies. "How can we get back to the shipwreck?
Arianna answers, "You don’t need to. Come with me."
The guys grab torches and follow Arianna up a darkened path. The torches only light up the area a few feet in front of them. Strange animal sounds echo in the night. They creep along the path until they see a darkened outline of a cave opening. They approach the cave, hold out their torches, peek in. It's dark, eerie and damp inside.
Kyle checks out the cave walls, says, "Did I ever tell you how much spiders freak me out?"
 	"Me too, big spiders with hairy legs." adds Derek.
"Who can't wait until you walk by." says Brandon.
"Exactly." responds Kyle. "So they can jump on you."
Arianna and the girls stand behind the guys, arms folded. They glance at each other, roll their eyes. 
Arianna grins. "I have never seen such grown men act like scared little children. Give me your torch, the girls and I will lead the way."
Kyle grins an embarrassed smile. "Great idea." He hands her his torch, she takes it, leads the way in. As they worm along the dark tunnel, a huge swarm of bats screech and dive at the guys but circle around the mermaids, who remain calm.
The guys hunker down and cover their heads.
Brandon yells out, "Crap...I hate bats, they're worse than spiders!"
Kyle responds, "Don’t let ‘em get in your hair!"
Almost as quick as they appeared, the bats disappear. The group continues until they soon spot the end of the tunnel. The guys shoot a cautious glance at each other, then step into a large, open cavern. Their torches illuminate giant mounds of gold and jewels, some piled high, some strewn around.
No one utters a word, the guys just stare in wonder at the treasure. Kyle finally breaks the silence. "I will finally be able to live a life of that for which I was intended."
"Where did all this," Derek waves his hand, "these treasures, come from Arianna?"
"Pirate booty. We find it...useful, for trading." answers Arianna.
Brandon clamors out, "Let the trading begin!"
Derek breaks in. "Whoa, hold up here. You find it useful for trading...trading with whom? You're on an isolated island no one can see."
Arianna smiles. "Do you think you're the only humans to ever reach our island?"
"Enlighten me." responds Derek.
"While there have been other visitors like yourself, most have been pirates. They have landed and invaded our island for many hundreds of moons. This gold has been traded to them in exchange for leaving us in peace."
"That makes sense." reasons Derek.
The guys rush over and grab handfuls of gold, inspect different pieces. Each put necklaces and medallions around their necks. Kyle places one around Anna’s neck, she affectionately smiles. Derek and Brandon do the same with Keela and Treena.
"I've never seen so much treasure in one place." grins a giddy Derek.
Brandon follows, "There's enough here to last our lifetime and our grandchildren's lifetimes."
Kyle grins at Brandon. "That's a big assumption."
"What is?" asks Brandon, a bit confused.
Kyle nudges Derek. "That someone would actually marry you."
Brandon fires back, "Says the bearded freak that looks homeless."
"I may look..." 
Arianna interrupts. "Uhhh, there's jussttt...one thing."
Brandon sighs. "Damn, always a catch. So, tell us about 'the one thing'."
Arianna explains. "Dead pirate spirits have roamed our island since...since hundreds of moons ago."
Brandon asks, "How is it they are..."
"Dead? Other pirates killed them and left their bodies here. You cannot see them because they are spirits...but they are very alive."
Derek sighs. "That totally figures. Sirens, mermaids, and now pirates."
Brandon sighs, "Dead pirates at that." 
"We have huge piles of gold in front of us," Derek points out, "but no, we can't take it because of pirates...dead pirates no less." he nods his head, sighs. "What do they want?"
Arianna, a bit nervous, wrings her hands and answers, "Your blood." 
Derek throws up his hands. "Are you kidding me? My blood! That's all they want...my blood! Hell, I thought it was something more serious."
"If they can kill one more human, they become flesh again. They will then drive us off our island." Arianna pauses, wrings her hands. "You must fight them if you want their gold. I'm sorry, it’s the only way." 
Derek points to himself. "Me...fight a pirate?" he waves his hand toward the other guys. "Us? Do any of us look capable of fighting pirates?"
Arianna explains. "It's not as bad as you think. We have berries, what you would consider magical berries. When you eat the berries, they will take you to the pirates. Your skills will be equal with theirs, your swords as deadly."
"Someone help me, I must be drugged." moans Derek.
Kyle adds, "I wanna be drugged."
Arianna continues. "You must kill the Captain, then it will be done. Our island will be safe and you will have your gold."
Derek asks, "Is this the real reason we're here Arianna? To fight these pirates so you can stay safe on your island?"
"You're here because the sirens lured you here." Arianna says, a bit irritated. "Don't you dare accuse me of bringing you here to fight pirates...I did not bring you here. We saved you from being locked in cages by the sirens."
"You're right, I apologize...I'm sorry." replies Derek.
Brandon thinks out loud. "I knew it...I knew it would come to this." 
Arianna asks, "To what?"
"Captain Pardel?" asks Brandon.
Arianna is stunned, "You had a dream?"
Brandon grins, "Before I left."
Arianna’s eyes well, "We have waited so long, so many moons for this, for the right men."
Derek, frustrated, says, "You guys are idiots, freaking berries and pirates...I’m glad you’re ready."
Brandon squeezes his shoulder. "Your insecurities are showing my brother."
Derek shoves his hand off his shoulder. "Maybe, but I don’t live in a video game world."
Brandon fires back. "Dude! We’re on an island of mermaids talking about eating magical berries and fighting dead pirates. What kind of world do you live in?"
Derek purses his lips. "Shuddup man."
"Please, follow me back to the fire. It is a very special night." Arianna says.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN


The three guys, Arianna, Treena, Keela and Anna sit on old wooden benches around, warmed by the heat from  the large fire. The guys sip on rum out of very old, jeweled goblets. A corked jug of rum sits nearby.
Brandon takes a sip. "So, when do we meet the pirates?
"You will know when the time is right." responds Arianna.
Derek questions, "And if we fail?"
Arianna shoots a stern glance at Brandon. "You must not fail."
Brandon stares into the fire. "I’ve been waiting my whole life for this. I never knew what it was that I was destined to do. I knew it was something. But this...this is better than anything I could have come up with, or even dreamt about."
Derek stares at Brandon, not convinced. "C'mon Brandon. You're saying you knew we would end up on an island of mermaids and would have to fight dead pirates to survive? Get real."
Brandon shoots a sheepish grin. "Well, no, that's even a bit outside of what I ever thought would happen. I just knew it would be something...something big. Like I said, I've been waiting my whole life for this."
Arianna smiles at Brandon. "As have we. Many have come and failed. With each defeat, the pirates grow stronger." she pauses, "with you, I sense a deep strength."
"I sense deep, knee high, raw human sewage." adds Derek.
Kyle pumps his fist. "I sense victory."
Brandon grins at Treena. "I sense we need to get on with our job. We have work to do. Arianna?"
"Tonight, I have arranged for each of you to be with one of us. Brandon, you will be with Treena, Anna, Kyle, and Derek, you will have Keela."
Treena, smitten, and Brandon snuggle, as do Kyle and Anna. Keela squeezes next to Derek.
Arianna holds out a small bottle. "All of you must drink this potion."
She stands, approaches each guy and hands them a small, corked, ancient bottle.
"This is a powerful potion which will guarantee the birth of a child. Its power comes from the ancient gods to ensure the survival of our species. Drink."
The guys inspect the bottle, glance at each other, down the liquid. They each make a ‘yuck’ face.
Derek curls his nose. "Pretty much tastes like radiator fluid." 
Brandon stands, holds out the empty bottle. "Do you have the recipe for this, I could make a fortune. I can see it now. 'Have you been feeling a bit sluggish lately, no energy, no time to make babies? Have you been to the fertility clinic with no results? Has your doctor told you it’s hopeless? Wellll...wait no more."
Brandon ambles around and slows in front of each of them. They crack up as he talks. 
"An ancient potion, never before available, to this modern generation anyway, will now guarantee your spouse, or girlfriend, will have a child. That’s right folks, this potion is brought to you straight from the kitchen of Venus, Goddess of Love. It contains no additives or preservatives, it’s completely organic! But wait, that’s not all. Be one of the first hundred callers and we’ll not only include free shipping, but we’ll double your order!" 
He leans down a bit, smiles. "That’s right folks, two bottles for the price of one, at no additional charge. Act now while supplies last. Guaranteed to make your tools tingle or your money back!"
Derek smiles, "Funny guy Brandon."
Arianna stands, "Go...now."
They stand, grab each other’s hand and stroll away as couples to their separate huts. Arianna smiles and ambles to her hut.
She lies in her bed, tosses and turns. She sighs, and, unsettled, turns again. She seems troubled, can't seem to sleep. She slides out of bed, opens a nightstand drawer, pulls out a small branch of green, round berries. She plucks one off, pops it into her mouth, chews and swallows. She takes a sip of water, lays back down. Her eyes soon flutter, then close.

BEGIN DREAM 

A man, shoulder length blondish, white hair, dressed very preppy, rushes down a city street. He stops at a corner, pauses, sniffs, turns right and crosses the street.
Inside a restaurant, Arianna and Treena sit and eat.
Treena asks, "This is wonderful! What are these called?"
"Scallops. You know them as sand dabs." Arianna answers.
A surprised Treena says, "These are sand dabs? I've never had them this way. They don't taste the same."
"We have what they call chefs here. A chef has a special way of preparing food."
"Yes, a magical way...I love it."
Arianna pauses, gazes around the room.
"What is it mother?
"I sense something. Something is interrupting the energy flow of this entire area. 
"Yes, me too. I sense I want more of these."
"No Treena, I sense...unrest, maybe even danger. It is as if...as if, a choking dark cloud has covered us."
Arianna again surveys the area as Treena eats. Arianna stares at her food, takes a bite then stops, looks up. The man who was running, Thanos, now stands in front of them. Arianna is shocked and annoyed while Treena is curious.
Thanos finally speaks. "It's been many moons Arianna."
Arianna snaps back. "What are you doing here?"
Thanos grins, asks, "Do you mind if I have a seat?"
"Yes, I do. I want you to leave."
Thanos smiles, pulls out a chair anyway and sits. He turns to Treena. "And what is your name my love?"
Arianna quickly answers. "Her name is Treena. Now please, leave us alone."
Thanos butters a piece of bread. "That's not a way to treat such an old friend after all these years."
Arianna, cold as ice, responds, "You're not an old friend. You are a conniving sea serpent and you want something."
Treena, confused, asks, "What's going on, what is this about? Mother?"
"His name is Thanos and it means..."
"Immortal. I come from where you come from, I am one of you."
Arianna scoffs. "That's a joke. You were one of us many moons ago, but you took a different path...a dark path."
Thanos grabs a slice of bread, tears off a piece and pops it in his mouth. "That was many moons ago Arianna, I'm a changed person."
"You are not changed. You were turned dark by Deimos, you can never go back to what you were. In fact, you are so blinded by that darkness you cannot see the evil you are trying to drag all of us into. You will always be a serpent, a lying, devious snake."
Thanos smiles. "But I am a good snake."
Treena asks, "Who is Deimos?"
Arianna answers. "Deimos was the son of Ares and Aphrodite, his name means fear...terror...evil. This is what you are Thanos. Now leave us alone."
"That's in the past. Look around Arianna. We're in beautiful Miami, a different place...in a different time." 
"What do you want?" Arianna demands.
He pops another piece of bread into his mouth. "I like that, right to the point." he pauses, stares at Treena. "You are with child Treena."
"We know that. What is this to you?" demands Arianna.
Thanos, confident, replies,, "It is a man child."
"You just lost all credibility." blurts out Treena.
Arianna chuckles. "You've lost your mind Thanos. Even you know this is not possible."
An irate Thanos responds, "Are you so lost in this world you have forgotten our past? Forgotten the prophecies spoken by the gods? The prophecies that told of the coming of a man, a man who would lead us into a new world, a man who would restore us back into power. This is who grows inside Treena now."
Treena, confused, says "Mother, can this be?" 
Arianna, annoyed, responds. "No, this cannot be...you are wrong. Leave us...now."
Thanos raises his hands. "Why do you think I am here? In Miami? I have been here for over one hundred years...waiting. Waiting for this child to be born."
Treena, angry, retorts, "This will never happen. This is my child, you shall have nothing to do with her."
Thanos nods his head sideways. "Think what you like my innocent one. This man child does not belong to you, it belongs to our world. It is my path to guide this child to his rightful destiny." Thanos leans toward Treena. "You cannot escape this Treena, you are merely the vessel that delivers him to us."
Arianna asks, "And how is it you think you know this?"
"The father, I believe you know him as Brandon, correct?" Thanos responds. 
Arianna snaps back, "What of it."
"Asclepius. Do you recall the name? Thanos asks.
"Yes, he was a healer of the sick..."
"And the son of Apollo." adds Thanos. "He became so effective as a healer and bringing others on the brink of death back to life that Zeus killed him because it distorted the natural balance of life.
"There are other tales of his death." adds Arianna.
Thanos continues. "Yes, this is true but what we all know is after Asclepius' death, Zeus placed his body among the stars."
Treena asks, "All very interesting but what does this have to do with my Brandon?"
Thanos grins. "Here's where it gets interesting. The God's waited for thousands of years for the boy savior to be born. But every man they sent to a selected mermaid to bear the child, every man fathered a girl. Zeus was convinced by Apollo, father of Asclepius, to bring his son back from the stars and let him be the one to father the savior. Zeus scoffed and laughed at Apollo for eons of time. After still having no man child born, Zeus freed Asclepius from the stars and let him be reborn as..."
Arianna scoffs. "As Brandon? That is absurd. He would know if that is who he was."
"He has dreams. He knows he is special, but, he doesn't know why." Thanos explains." Ask him if he recently had a vision about Asclepius."
Arianna stands, holds out her hand to Treena, who grabs it. They take a few steps away, Arianna turns to Thanos. "Stay away from us!"
Thanos shrugs his shoulders. "The least I can do is buy you lunch. Mmmm...sand dads." he grabs a fork and pops one into his mouth as Arianna and Treena rush away. "Mmmm...so good."
He watches them as they disappear around a corner. "I'll be seeing you." he stands, says it again. "I'll be seeing you." he bellows out a thunderous, diabolically evil laugh. "Haaa haaa haaa, ha ha ha ha, I'll be seeing you."

Arianna jolts awake, sits up. She checks her surroundings, ensuring it was just a dream. She raises her hands, which have a slight tremble. She hops out of bed, hurries to a wash basin, splashes herself with water, stares at her image in the mirror. "It was just a dream."


CHAPTER FOURTEEN


DAY 6   ERATO ISLAND

Sean and Chiron sit next to each other on wooden benches. A camp fire burns in front of them as it snaps and pops.
Chiron announces, "I have made a decision."
"About what?" Sean quizzes.
"Having a child, becoming, uhh, changed. I no longer want to...but, I’m confused."
"Confused about what?"
"Human men. I’ve decided I don’t like men, human ones or any other kind."
"I’m gettin' excited...women?"
Chiron smiles. "You are so predictable. Right now, I don’t like men or women, and I do not want a child."
"So, what do you want? You're running out of options here."
"I want to leave this island, leave my mother. I want to be in the world, away from, from...all this."
Sean, cocky, folds his arms. "Well, you’re going to need some help out in the real world. We may be able to work this out."
"I do not need help from a robber of banks." she pauses. "I will make plans to get you away."
"No me, no child."
"Mother is right, you are different Sean."
Sean grins. "So, you do like me."
Chiron laughs. "But so is a three-eyed toad."
"Says the fish out of water."
She looks away to a thick patch of trees.
Nemeritias, who is hidden, watches Sean and Chiron.
Chiron smiles, pulls Sean to her.
"I knew you liked me."
"Quiet, mothers watching. Shut up and kiss me."
Quickly, they kiss, but don't pull away. Chiron gently takes Sean's head, slides it back from her. Both seem surprised as they look deep into each other's intense eyes. Sean pulls her close, kisses her again, but this time, it's with a burning passion but, like jumping out of an airplane,  one that could become deadly.

Later, Sean lies on his cot. He sits up, surveys the  area, hops up and darts into the dark. The moon lights his way as he slithers behind, around, and over rocks, bushes and trees. He enters an area of thick bushes, they snag and tug on his clothes as he fights his way through. He falls and sits, frustrated. He struggles to his feet and trudges on. He finally reaches the edge of a high cliff above the cove. He eases his way down a narrow path to the water. He wades into the water, stares across the sea to the moonlit island of Atargatis.
"This isn’t so bad." he murmurs as he wades into the water, now knee high.
Almost instantly, moonlight reflects off two huge shark fins as they move toward him. He panics, turns and darts back to the shore as the shark's gain. As the water laps his shins, he turns to see the sharks surface with giant, snapping teeth. Both slither back under. He shakes his head and begins the hike back to his hut.
 
He enters his hut where Trey sits and waits. 
"You've been waiting for me?" asks Sean.
Trey sighs. "Well, I guess you found out."
"Found out what?"
"Don't play dumb Sean, we've all thought about it. A man tried to escape, about, I think, three years ago."
"I take he didn’t make it."
"They took all of us outside and...and all that was left was his shoulders and head."
"Well, I guess things could be worse than having to sleep with a beautiful woman, right Trey?"
Trey pauses, looks down, then, slowly, back up at Sean.
"Right...Trey?"
"Not exactly Sean. Their tradition is, once the daughter of the queen becomes pregnant...you die."
Sean's mouth drops open. "I die? Seriously, I die?"
"Unfortunately, you're in a pretty bad position."
"So I'm screwed either way. If I give her a child, I die...if I don’t, I die?"
"Yes, you’ll be killed so you can never sleep with another siren. They know men are weak, they can’t have you ‘tainting’ their ‘royal’ bloodline." Trey pauses, then says apologetically, "I’m sorry Sean."
"You're sorry? You're sorry? Maybe so but not quite as sorry as I am. I'm a dead man Trey, dead!" 
  
Brandon lies on his cot, fidgety and bored. After turning over several times, he gets up and ambles down the path to the berries. He strolls over, holds several different bunches in his hand, inspecting each group. He finally picks a blue one, inspects it again. Satisfied, he checks the area, then downs eight berries. He grins, grabs a yellow one, pops another eight in his mouth. He struts back toward his hut, stops when a parrot SQUAWKS at him.
"You're lucky you're not a pirate, I am so ready to stick you with my sword." He grabs by his side, no sword. "I guess I forgot it. But don't mess with me, I'll slice you into little pieces Captain."
The parrot again SQUAWKS.
Brandon responds, "Is that a challenge? A fight to the death? Huh? I didn't think so."
Brandon prances back to his hut, lies back on his cot. He stares straight up as his mind drifts. He mumbles to no one in particular, "I don't see what the big deal is."
After he lays on his cot for what seems like an hour, he gets antsy and hops up. He opens a drawer, digs through old clothes, finds an old pair of pirate pants, cut off at the knees. He slides them on and walks down the path toward the lagoon.
The closer he gets, the faster he walks. He arrives at the main dining area, stops, glances around. "Is anyone here?"
No one responds, so he wades into the lagoon and dives under. He opens his eyes, everything is bright and clear. Small fish dart about as Brandon swims around the lagoon. Tall grasses grow from the bottom, partially hiding small crabs and fish that scurry about and hide when he passes over them.
He reaches the far side of the lagoon, spots a small opening, around three feet high. He peers inside  a semi-darkened cave. The deeper he swims into the cave, still cautious and slow, the darker it becomes. As his eyes adjust to the dark, he spots two round, yellow saucer like glowing balls, around thirty feet in front of him. 
He stops and floats in the center of the cave as they get larger. Instantly, a large set of glowing, sharp teeth appear below the eyes, the face of a large eel like spiny creature. 
The creature snarls and snaps his teeth. Brandon doesn't move while the creature sniffs him in several spots. Apparently satisfied, the creature slithers back into the darkness.
Brandon breathes a sigh of relief as he swims back to the lagoon beach. His head slips above water, he stands and ambles out. Arianna is sitting at the dining table.
"I watched you when you went into the lagoon. You've been underneath the water for thirty minutes. How are you doing it Brandon?"
"I've always been good at holding my breath."
"Humans do not have that kind of lung capacity. Has that happened to you before?"
"Once, when I was twelve, but I figured it was just a one-time thing."
"No Brandon, there's something about you, something different than the others."
"It's probably the berries I ate before I came down."
"No, the berries do not help you breathe and see better underwater."
"I guess I can just hold my breath for a long time."
"Unlikely."
"Then what the hell is it? Some beast in a cave..."
"Where?"
"Just on the other side of the lagoon, in a cave."
"So you saw Demoni? And you still live?"
"Demoni? You have a name for him?"
"Yes, he was a dragon, but his wings were pierced by many pirate spears. He fell into the water and became an underwater serpent, out to kill anything that comes near him. Yet..."
"Yet, he only sniffed me and didn't eat me for lunch. That is weird."
"In your dreams, do you ever see yourself in another life?"
"Look, I play video games."
"And what are video games?"
"They are like, pretend, even like your dreams. You can see them, in front of you, on a screen. So, my point is, I play a lot of these games and sometimes, in my dreams, I see myself as the person that was on the video game."
"So you watch this, this, video game, then when you dream, you are that person. Is that right?"
"You know, I never thought about it like that but, you're right, I dream I am the person in the video game. I wonder what that means." 
"In our world, dreams are meant to reveal the future. At times, they are right, others, not so right. But when you become what your dreams reveal, that means you have powers from another life, a past life. Do you remember anything about a past life?"
"No. But why would the serpent you called, uhh, demon, demona..."
"Demoni."
"Right. Why would he sniff me and not eat me like you said he does with others."
"Has this ever happened before?"
"No, he's my first dragon experience." he looks down, thinks. "Wait a minute. Yes, when I was twelve, it happened with what I now know was a merman. He tore my mask off and acted like he was going to kill me. But then, he sniffed me and swam away so fast he was gone instantly. What does this mean Arianna?"
"I'm not sure but I think you must have been a very powerful person in your past life. If you can tap into that, you will be able to use the power you once had. But you must mentally go back and become that person. If you can do that, you can regain that power."
"Tap into that? What does that mean, how can I go back to see what I was?"
"It's very complicated but...you risk death to find out."
"Okay, great, I think, uhh, I think I'll be very happy being me. As long as mermen and giant serpents won't bite me." he pauses, smiles. "I'm good."
"One other thing Brandon. Have you recently had some type of vision, maybe a dream, maybe, something, uhh, something like the games you described, where you helped someone who was sick?
"That's odd, why do you ask?"
"Something may have been revealed to me in a dream. I'm not asking for details, I'm just curious if this has happened."
Brandon pauses, looks down, then, slow, up at Arianna. "Yes."


CHAPTER FIFTEEN


DAY 7

Back on Erato Island, Chiron dives from a forty foot high cliff into the water. She plays and enjoys the underwater fish and scenery. She raises her head just above the water line, gazes across to Atargatis Island. She smiles, dives under and swims toward the other island. Two sharks follow her, she motions them back, they retreat. 
She nears the island and surfaces. Treena sits on a rock as they exchange stares. 
Finally, Chiron speaks. "I am Chiron, daughter of Nemeritias, Queen of Erato Island."
"I know who you are. Why have you come?"
"The men on your island, we hold their friend, Sean. He is in great danger."
Treena seems surprised. "Why do you care?"
"There is little time if they want their friend back."
"I ask again siren, why do you care?"
"I...I don’t know. He must get away, or he dies."
"You know there is only one way."
"I shall return, in one cycle."
Treena watches as she disappears under the water.
 
Nemeritias and Chiron sit at the dinner table. Plates of food sit in front of them, but both are distracted as they pick at the food. 
Nemeritias finally speaks.  "One more cycle and everything will be perfect. Are you ready Chiron?"
"Yes mother, I am."
Nemeritias pauses, sets her fork down. "Chiron, I sense anxiety, fear. What troubles you?"
"It’s Sean mother, I don’t want to see him die."
"He is only a human. Once you are with child, you will no longer feel confused. You will have new powers, new visions, and rule the island with me."
"I don’t want to rule over human's mother. I don't want to hold them captive and kill them like a common animal."
"I will excuse your weak mind. What do you want to do, battle against us...against me?"
Chiron shoots an icy stare. "That’s the point mother, I don’t want to battle, against anybody."
"So you would have the mermaids take us over, control us, and let them keep the men so we perish?"
"I want to live my own life, a life where...where I choose to do what I want. I don't want to follow ancient traditional rules laid out by the Gods thousands of moons ago...I want to decide what happens to me."
"Really? So now you want to be this modern, independent person? You want to run off and live your life like the humans do? Understand one thing Chiron, you are not a mermaid, you are not a human...you are a Siren." Nemeritias stands, angry. "This is the way it has always been and this is the way it shall stay." She shoots a wicked stare at Chiron. "You anger me. Leave!"
 
Sean and Chiron sit in his hut.
Sean probes. "You seem upset. What is it?"
"Mother senses my weakness."
Sean asks. "What are you referring to Chiron?"
"The fact that I am not anxious to kill humans and rule the island with her. The fact that I don't want to be here. The fact..."
Sean interrupts. "Weakness? Chiron, standing up to your mother shows your strength, shows you’re ready to change your life. Your mother would have you believe it’s a weakness. This is how she controls you, she plays a mind game with you."
"I know not of this ‘mind game’."
Sean smiles. "You are so pure, sooo...so innocent. You are my eight-year old."
"And you are so confusing. The time approaches, you must be ready."
"I’ve been ready since I got here. What’s your plan?"
"I am working on it, but know both of us will be in danger."
"You’re going to do this, for me? Put yourself in danger?"
"Listen robber of banks, I told you before, I have to get out of here."
Sean looks down. "That hurts Chiron."
"Can’t you understand? If I don’t get out of here now, I will never get out!"
"You’re a damn eight-year old with an attitude."
"And you are a human man who acts like an eight-year old!"
She rushes out as Sean slaps his inner right arm at the elbow, clenches and raises his fist defiantly. "Yeah, that's right, it hurts to know I'm right so...so get over it!"

DAY 8

Chiron swims playfully in the Cove of the Rocks. She takes a final glance around the cove and, with no one in sight,  swims toward Atargatis Island. 
Treena again waits on the rock.
"Are you ready?"
"I am."
"Follow me."

Brandon, Kyle, Derek, Arianna, Treena, Anna, Keela and Chiron sit at the dinner table.
Arianna asks. "You have put yourself at great risk Chiron. Why?"
Chiron responds. "I'm confused by it but I...I feel...I don’t belong there. I don’t want to rule over humans, see them put to death."
"Is Sean safe?" asks Derek.
Chiron answers, "For now, yes. But when my mother finds I’m gone, he will be in great danger."
Arianna holds out her open palms. "So, what is it you propose?"
"There is only one way. You must trade me for him."
"And Nemeritias, she will agree to this?"
"Without me she cannot continue her bloodline. With Sean gone, she must wait for another man. That will be the time I can leave the island."
Treena quietly asks, "Do you have feelings for Sean?"
"It matters not because...I am a siren, he is a human."
Treena glances at Brandon. "In our world, this is possible."
Chiron forces a grin. "I am not in your world."
"Let’s get back to Sean, how are we going to do this?" asks Derek.
Chiron responds, "In two cycles, when the sun  reaches its highest point in the sky..."

Later that day, Arianna writes a letter, in Greek, with inkwell and pen on old parchment type paper. She finishes, then rolls and ties it.
She glances over to where a pelican sits and stares at her, as if transmitting a message. The Pelican flies to the table and sits.
Arianna holds up the paper. "This is Pouch, he will deliver our message." Pouch opens his mouth, she drops it in and he flies away.
Kyle is impressed. "Now that is one well trained pelican."
Arianna responds, "We communicate with all living creatures, it’s a power passed down to us."
Kyle laments, "If I only had that power, I could..."
"You do have that power, but, you must feel it. Even more important, you must believe in it, feel the connection. The parrot, Jack," Arianna points. "send him your thoughts, tell him to come to you."
Kyle stares, concentrates, Jack stares back. "He’s not listening."
"You’re not concentrating. Close your eyes, see him, visualize him coming to you."
Arianna closes Kyle's eyes, then touches her fingers to his forehead. Softly, Arianna whispers, "Think, concentrate...see him come, watch him land in front of you. First you must see it, then, in your heart, you must feel it."
Kyle concentrates, trance like. Arianna removes her fingers.
Kyle pops his eyes open. Jack stands in front of him, he stares and squawks. Kyle is shocked as Jack climbs onto his arm.
Arianna smiles. "Kyle, meet Jack."
Jack squawks.
Kyle looks out to an imaginary audience. "Now introducing, Kyle the Great, Master of all living things...Master of the Universe!"
Arianna points to some trees. "He's hungry, take him to the fruit trees... Master of the Universe."
"Are you hungry Jack?" Jack squawks as Kyle stands. "Then let me take you to dine upon the organic, natural fruits of the world...well at least those on this island." A talking Kyle and a listening Jack amble away.
Derek purses his lips, rubs his forehead. "That was amazing, I’ve never seen anything like it. You gave him that power, I know it."
Arianna smiles. "Humans have great powers, mostly unknown to them. If you think it is not, it is not. But, if you think it is so, it is so." she pauses, glances at Treena and Chiron. "I would like to talk to Treena and Chiron, alone."
The others leave.
Arianna, nervous and filled with anxiety, looks down, clasps her hands together, raises her head back up, sighs. "A very long time ago, I was with child. Much to my surprise, I was given a gift of two baby girls. This had not happened with our kind in hundreds of moons."
"Mother, you never told me."
"Quiet Treena, I had reason. Word of this spread quickly, not only here, but over to the island of the Sirens. Because many felt I was favored by the Gods, there arose a great jealousy against me and with some, a great hatred. But I felt I was blessed by the Gods, I was ‘protected’, the Gods would watch over me." she again sighs, collects herself. "I became careless, I didn’t sense the evil near me...I didn’t feel my dreams."
Chiron, a bit edgy, asks, "You had warning
dreams?" 
Arianna's eyes well. "In my weakness, I ignored
them. That is why, when the Sirens came," she struggles but composes herself. "They came in the dark of night and stole my baby. Her name was Tina."
Treena, even more on edge, responds, "I felt her mother, you should have told me."
"Why would I tell you when I know it would only bring you pain? I suffered for so many moons, I couldn’t forgive myself. I devoted myself to you Treena, you brought me back." Arianna pauses. "I gave up all hope of ever seeing Tina again."
"So why are you telling me now, with her here?" Treena demands.
Arianna continues. "My child was taken to Nemeritias. She was unable to conceive a child. Her jealousy was great."
Chiron, frantic, blurts out, "What are you saying?" she pauses. "I was born of Nemeritias!"
"Nemeritias stole my baby in the dark of night, mixed her blood with my child. She was raised a Siren."
Chiron, almost hysterical, shouts out, "It is not so!"
Arianna calmly responds. "Yes Chiron, you are the child she took from me. You are a mermaid, not a Siren. You know it is so."
Chiron’s eyes well, then tear. Her head drops. She mutters. "No, no, you lie to me!
"In your heart Chiron, you know it to be so. Your actions, your thoughts, they are not those of a Siren. What do you feel led you back here? Why has Treena watched you, known your heart, known your mind." Arianna pauses. "It is because you are one with her...one with me."
Chiron breaks down and weeps. "I have fought these feelings...for so long."
Arianna smiles. "You don’t have to fight them anymore."
Chiron, scared but hopeful, quietly asks, "Are you saying what I think you're saying?"
"I am."
"So...so, I am a mermaid?"
"You are a mermaid."
Arianna grabs each of their hands, puts them together in the middle of the table and places her hand on top. "We are one again." 


CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Pouch the pelican reaches Erato Island, skims over a mountain top and begins his descent. He glides to the open-end ship hall and drops his package.
Inside the ship, on her throne, Nemeritias sits.
Steven sees the letter hit the ground, runs out, grabs it and hurries back to Nemeritias. Slowly, she rolls it open. The letter, in Greek, reads:
"If you want Chiron back, bring the human in two cycles, when the sun reaches its high point". 
She lowers the letter. "All of you, leave, find my daughter. Must I explain to you what will happen if you do not find her? Now go!"
Steven, Australian, Seth, Trey and three other men dart out. Steven instructs, "Let's each take a separate part of the island. When we're done, let's meet back at the dinner area, in the opening hidden behind the bushes."
They separate and are soon searching caves, Cove of the Rocks, huts, any possible hiding places. 
Steven ambles along a trail overgrown with
bushes. Branches graze his face as he pushes them aside but continues to push his way through. He stops, gazes around at the terrain and examines the openings he's made in the brush. Through a gap, he sees what looks like the top of cave, maybe twenty yards away. He pushes his way through the dense brush into a cleared area. He stares at a cave opening, maybe four feet round. Slowly, cautiously, he steps into the entrance.
He stands still until his eyes adjust. Slow, he creeps forward, about six feet where the cave opens into a cavern. He is still as his eyes again adjust to the darkness. Slowly, he creeps toward what looks like a white pile. He reaches it and bends down to see what it is. "Ahhhhhhh!" he bellows as he jumps backward. He stares at a skeleton. His eyes now adjusted, he scans the room and counts eight more skeletons in various positions. Remnants of old clothes cover small parts of them and two of them have their skulls laying nearby. 
His heart racing and full of fear as if a lion were chasing him, he rushes out of the cave and returns to the dinner area. He finds an opening and pushes through the bushes. The only one waiting is Seth.
Steven asks, "Did you see anything mate?"
"No, nothing." Seth answers. "I think we should wait here until the others return. No sense dying alone."
"I found a bunch of them who died alone."
"A bunch of what?" asks Seth.
"Skeletons, in a cave. There must have been nine or ten of them. They're using that cave for a burial ground."
"Makes you curious about who they are...or should I say, were." Seth wonders out loud.
"You've heard stories about men disappearing from here. I imagine that's where they took them."
"I suppose you're right, those who don't get eaten by sharks end up in that cave." Seth replies. "The queen witch probably has us on her list next, especially if we can't find Chiron."
Steven, on edge, observes, "She’s just pissed off, she’s never had her ‘Queenness’ authority challenged."
"You know Steven, I almost don’t care if she kills us." Seth opines. "I’ve been here four years, you know how many we’ve seen disappear or die. And now, I’ve lost hope. My wife's probably remarried, my kids won’t know me. Just shove me off a cliff."
"I’m on the edge of that same cliff mate. But, maybe, just maybe...this will be our time."
"If something is going on here, all the sharks will be gathered in one area. You know Joshua, the man from Bahama?"
"Yeah, why?" Steven asks.
"He can help us."
"How?"
Seth grins. "He has a boat. It’s only five hundred yards over to the mermaid island, at least we’d be safe there. They may even help us get away."
"Yeah, five hundred yards of giant teeth looking for a meal."
"That's fine." Seth answers. "Stay here and continue to be a butt boy."
"Well, when you put it that way mate." Steven rubs his chin. "Okay, I agree, let’s talk to Joshua."

Joshua places logs under a large kettle of water. He is a medium built fifty-year old light skinned black man. Steven and Seth approach him. 
Steven smiles. "How it be going mate?"
Joshua turns, stands. "Hi boys. I haven't seen you for days."
"You remember Seth?" 
Joshua holds out his hand, Seth shakes it. "Of course I do. I may be old, but my memory be good. So, what be going on?"
Steven continues. "When we first met, you said you had a boat, one you came here in but hid before anyone could find it. Is your boat still here?"
"Of course mahn. I take care of her, make sure she be ready for sailing any time."
"How in the hell could you hide a boat from these sirens, they know everything." questions Seth.
"Quite honestly mahn, I get lucky. Ten years ago, me and my two friends set out to catch some fish."

10 YEARS EARLIER

Joshua and his two friends, Benny and Nidel, cruise in open waters in their twenty-five foot boat, loaded with fishing poles and nets. Two lines troll from the back. Joshua is at the wheel while Benny and Nidel watch a depth finder.
His friends are around the same age and build.
Nidel remarks, "This is where they're supposed to be but it's empty down there."
Joshua responds, "Don't worry boys, we'll find them...or they'll find us first. Do we ever go back empty handed?" the guys don't respond. "Exactly, almost never."
Benny stares ahead of them. "How far out are we Joshua?"
"I say about forty miles from shore."
"And the weather report for today?"
"Calm and clear sailing. Why?"
"Because we be heading right into a fog bank...and it's a thick one."
Ahead of them is a thick fog bank, the edge like a cliff wall, not a gradual increase. The fog banks start to curl around them, trapping them in the center.
"What be happening here Joshua?" asks a concerned Nidel.
"I don't know mahn" responds Joshua. "I never see anything like this before. It's making a circle around us."
"What you gonna do Joshua?" asks Benny.
"Since it got us surrounded, I think we head straight into it and out the other side. What you two say mahn?"
Both nod yes. Joshua jams the throttle all the way forward. The boat disappears into the fog.
Once inside, the waves increase in size, rain pounds the boat as lightening shoots across the sky. The men stay inside the cabin as they hold on to anything stable to keep from being tossed and slammed against a wall.
"Joshua," Nidel yells, "Get us out of here!"
"I can only move forward mahn, the gauges and radar be out."
Benny yells, loud, "You think this be the work of the beast?"
"I don't know but it not be the work of the Lord!" Joshua yells back. "Just hold on, we running at full speed to get out of this."
Benny moves to the door to look at the back deck. As he peeks out, a wave slams into the side, knocking the door open and sending Benny flying onto the back deck. Nidel moves to the open door but holds on tight to a rail. 
He yells at Benny, "Hold on mahn, I throw you a rope."
Benny yells back, "Hurry Nidel, please, hurry!"
Nidel turns, opens a cabinet and grabs rope, but when he turns back to Benny, he's disappeared.
Nidel yells to Joshua, "Benny's gone...he's gone!"
The storm starts to subside, the waves calm, the wind stops. It's an eerie silence. Joshua looks down and watches the water rise over his ankles.
"We've got a leak Nidel! We're filling up with water. Go check our skiff, we'll get out in that." 
Nidel runs outside as the power goes dead. Joshua pushes buttons, tries to re-start the boat. He clicks on the radio but only gets silence. He grabs compasses, spear guns, a machete and other gear, throws it in a bag and runs out the back.
Joshua and Nidel quickly hop into the skiff, just in time to watch their boat slip below the water and swallowed by the sea. They glance at each other and shake their heads, bewildered by what just happened.
Joshua says, "You know there's no land around here for hundreds of miles. You know that, right?"
"Mahn, I don't know nothing right now except when the storm got Benny, it calmed down. It claimed him Joshua, once it got him, it left us alone. That's all I know."
As they drift, the fog begins to clear. It seems instantly they are back under open, clear skies.
As Joshua studies a paper chart, Nidel spots the two islands. "I thought you said there was no land around here."
Without looking up, Joshua answers, "That's right mahn, no land." 
"Then how do you explain those two islands in front of us?"
Joshua finally looks up, sees the islands. "Bloody hell, I think we be in trouble."
"But why mahn, it's land, we be safe there."
"Because there aren't supposed to be any islands anywhere around here. And if those two islands aren't supposed to be there, Lord knows, neither are we. Who knows what's waiting for us."
"Well, at least it be land."
Joshua squints through the binoculars. "I see a spot we can land. We'll hide the boat and see what's on the island."
Nidel grabs the oars and begins rowing. They spot an area with thick bushes and trees.
Joshua directs, "Head to that thicket, we can hide her there."
They reach the edge of the thick bushes. The entire area is covered by a huge tree. It's so thick they cannot see past the outer edge of bushes. Joshua grabs the machete and clears some of the brush away. He separates the bushes and sticks his head into them. "We have luck mahn!"
"What is it Joshua?"
"An opening on the inside, completely surrounded by bushes and trees. We dock her there, no one will ever find her."
 
"And no one ever has. She still be a seaworthy vessel, at least enough to get us over to the mermaid island."
Seth asks, "So what happened to Nidel?"
"The man couldn't take it here. He was never meant to be a prisoner, captive, or ruled by anyone. From the day we get here and were captured, he was making plans to escape. I guess we were here a year when they took a bunch of us outside to show us a man eaten by the sharks who tried to escape."
"Oh no, that was Nidel?" asks Steven.
Joshua asks, "You saw him?"
"No, I just heard about it."
"He turned into a madman, unable to control a dangerous craving. In the end, it cost him his life."
"Depressing mate. But your boat, she still be seaworthy?"
"Oh yeah mahn, like the day she was built."


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


Brandon lies on his cot. Next to him on a small table sit small bunches of berries, half eaten. As he lays there, he hears voices. He quietly gets up and peeks his head through the hut door opening. 
Outside stand two pirates, swords held high. They wear fifteenth century pirate clothes. Brandon jerks around, grabs his sword, holds it high as he stands in the doorway.
Brandon challenges, "Who the hell are you two?"
"I am Red Legs, he, Diablo. We be waiting for you mate. Come out and draw your sword."
Brandon answers, "Damn...my dreams are real."
Diablo glances at Red Legs, curls one side of his mouth and flashes an evil grin. "It’s been too long since I drew new blood. Come out and fight man."
Brandon reasons. "Why should I fight you. Hell, you’re not even real."
Diablo inspects Brandon. "You want to take my gold, you have to fight me." he pauses, smiles. "Not real eh." as he smacks Brandon on his shoulder with his sword.
"Owww! Now you’ve pissed me off!" Brandon grabs his sword, swirls it around several times and smiles. Red Legs sheaths his sword and backs up, folds his arms. 
Brandon raises his sword. "You've already died once so prepare to die again! He lunges at Diablo, then slams his sword down onto him but he blocks it. Brandon stands in attack mode, shuffles toward Diablo. Each jab at one another as they move back and forth. Diablo slams a high overhead, Brandon blocks it, jabs at Diablo’s gut. Diablo leaps back, blocks it down and swings his sword overhead and down to Brandon’s shoulder. The sword slices his shirt from the shoulder to the stomach.
Brandon jerks back, glances at the cut, grins, moves forward and pounds blows down on Diablo, who moves backward and blocks. Both pause.
"Not bad mate!" compliments Diablo.
Diablo spins a three sixty, whacks at Brandon who blocks it. Brandon does a three sixty, crouches and swings at Diablo's legs.
Diablo jumps, swings at Brandon’s head, he ducks, then attacks, moves forward. Diablo retreats as their swords clash against each other.
Diablo is backed up between a tree and bushes. Each stand their ground as they spar, stab, and block.
Diablo asks, "You ate a yellow berry?"
"And a blue one." responds Brandon.
"Bravo mate, good!"
"Why is that good?" asks Brandon.
Diablo grins. "Because they make you think you swing a sword better than you do."
"I'm good enough for you." says Brandon as he swings at his head. Diablo ducks as sliced branches fall to the ground. Both duel back and forth as Diablo forces Brandon down the path, each twist and duck to avoid the others sword.  Brandon tires, he makes wide, awkward swings and finally stops.
Brandon grins. "Had enough yet?" He breathes deeply, sighs, moves forward with jabs, slices and stabs as Diablo easily blocks the blows. Seeing Brandon tire, he grins, pummels blows which Brandon manages to block.
Both pause, both breath heavily. Brandon grins, and with new found strength, he slices his sword upward, makes contact, the sword flies out of Diablo’s hand.
As Diablo pulls out a long knife, Brandon punches his sword into the pirate's gut. Diablo moans and bends over. Brandon pulls his sword out, covered with blood.
Red Legs exclaims, "Bravo, well done mate."
Brandon swaggers, drops to his knees and passes out. The blood disappears from his sword. Very faintly, he hears a voice.
Treena squeezes his shoulder. "Brandon...Brandon."
Slowly, his eyes flutter open as he awakens.
"You ate the berries?" Treena asks. He nods yes. "You’re lucky you weren’t killed. Let’s get you cleaned up."
 
Chiron and Treena relax at the table and watch the lagoon. In the water floats an old life preserver with the name ‘HUNTERS GALLEY’ on top. Brandon holds a coconut. He shoots but it bounces off the edge, Alison grabs it, Brandon defends. Alison drops it in front of her.
Brandon tries to explain. "Hey little lady, you shoot it at the hoop, not lay it down." 
Alison shoots Brandon a huge smile.
"Oh really? Okay, I’ll show you how it's done and I'll take the points."
As he approaches, Alison leans back and splashes her tail. The coconut flies over Brandon’s head to Isabel, who drops it in. A grinning Isabel asks, "Did you mean like that?
Chiron and Treena clap.
"No fair!" Brandon protests as he shoots stares at the two girls. "Fine. My turn, you defend."
As Chiron and Treena watch, Chiron grins.
"What is it?" Treena asks.
"It's just...just not what I'm used to. This world, here, your world, is so different, so peaceful."
Treena smiles, rubs Chiron's hand. "We are at peace with all in our world...your world now."
"Yes, I feel it, I belong here. I think I always knew it. I don’t want to go back Treena, but...Sean."
"Worry not, our mother makes plans."
Chiron pauses. "I want to be called Tina again."
"I was hoping you felt that way, Tina."
Treena holds her arm out to Tina, displays a
bracelet on her wrist. 
Tina inspects it. "It’s beautiful!"
"I have worn it since I was a child,
it has never left me. Come, I want to show you something."
They enter Treena's hut, Tina sits at the table. Treena reaches into a hole in the wall, feels around and pulls a worn cloth bag out from it. She sits, smiles at Tina. Slow, she unwraps the bag. It reveals a bracelet identical to hers. 
Treena picks it up, inspects it. "Mother gave me this after we talked yesterday. She has kept it since I was a child...it was her hope for your return. Hold out your arm."
Tina holds out her arm as Treena clasps the bracelet on her wrist. 
Tina's eyes well. "This is the most important thing I've ever owned. It makes me feel like I really am back, like, I'm really a part of my real family. So much of my life, I've felt like there was an empty hole, a hole that I knew, deep inside me, could never be filled while I was on that island. But, I suppressed those feelings, acted like I really didn't feel them. But they never left me and now, now I know why. It's because, I...I never knew what having a home felt like."
Treena begins to cry. "Welcome home sister." Both stand and hug each other. 

DAY 9

In Brandon's hut, the guys relax and drink rum. Their swords lay nearby.
Derek says, "I still can’t believe Sean is alive."
"I can’t either." responds Kyle. "But then again, I didn’t believe in mermaids."
Brandon inspects his gold medallion. "You know guys, we have enough gold and treasures to live pretty damn well once we get back."
"If we survive this." responds Kyle.
Brandon muses. "I don’t know...I kind of like it here."
Derek muses, "It is a long way from the office."
Kyle, a bit hyper, exclaims, "My cube is history! Along with all the smug cubeheads."
Derek ponders, "Yeah, I didn’t expect this to be so...so life changing. Hell, I don’t even know if I want to get married anymore."
Kyle adds, "Well, that's two out of three. What's your life changing experience Brandon, wonder boy of all video games."
"Well, it's really two things." Brandon replies. "One is that I'm discovering I'm not the nerd everyone thinks I am." he pauses, smiles, "I like this crap, the danger, flirting with the edge of darkness."
Derek smiles. "Not bad, what's the second one?"
"Treena. I'm falling for Treena. I never thought I'd have a shot at someone as beautiful as she is."
Derek, a bit surprised, blurts, "Are you kidding me? Seriously dude, I hate to break this to you, but...but, wake up, she’s a fish!"
Brandon, obviously hurt, responds, "That’s cold man."
"Sorry, but that's the reality of the reality." Derek replies.
Kyle echoes Derek. "The reality is that nothing seems real here anyway. I mean, really, think about it. Mermaids, Sirens, all this gold, and, and dead pirates that come back to fight us. We're like, dazed out in  dreamland."
"What’s real is all that gold." Brandon picks up a sword. "And these."
He stands in attack mode, swings the sword in wide arcs. He jabs and fences as he moves forward with his other hand behind his back. He turns to the boys, holds his sword high with both hands and slams it into a coconut on the table, which explodes in half. 
Brandon smiles. "Your turn."
They shoot an uncomfortable glance at each other, then pick up their swords. They stare at each other, stand face to face, raise their swords high. Slowly, awkwardly, Kyle swings at Derek, who blocks it, then smiles. In practice mode, Derek swings at Kyle, who blocks it, as each jab at one another allowing the other time to block.
Derek nods his head. "We are so screwed."
Brandon grins. "Relax my man, the berries work."
Kyle stares at his sword, rubs the edge. "Let’s do it!"
Derek freaks. "Oooohhhhh sheeeet!"
Brandon rushes out, soon returns, drops a pile of colored berries on the table.
"You guys are crazy." a nervously Derek says. "I’m not fighting pirates!"
"Don't worry, they're dead pirates." chuckles Kyle.
"Stop being such a hair-berry." Brandon scolds. "We’re with mermaids, who don’t exist, on an island that doesn’t exist."
"Fighting dead pirates." Kyle pops a yellow berry in his mouth. "that don’t exist. So get with the program...eat the damn berries."
Brandon picks up a yellow berry, downs it, then a blue one.
"Crap...I'm gonna regret this, I just know it." Derek whines as he picks up the berries. He picks a yellow berry from the bunch, stares at it.
"If you don't hurry up and eat it, it'll grow teeth and bite you." Brandon scoffs.
Reluctant, Derek pops it into his mouth, then another, then three more.
Brandon holds up his hand. "Whoa! You don't need that many."
"If I'm gonna fight, I need all the help I can get." Derek responds.
They sit around the table for a while, a bit nervous and fidgety. 
Finally, Kyle says, "I don’t feel anything."
Derek agrees. "Me either. My feet are sweating so let’s explore."
"Don't be in such a hurry." Brandon warns. "They'll hit you soon enough."
Each grab their sword and slither out. They stroll down a path, study the terrain. Thick, dense, vegetation fills the jungle. They stop.
Derek looks around. "I don’t remember this area looking like that, it’s more like a jungle. Look at all those hanging vines."
"Yeah...like lions, tigers and bears...oh my!" jokes Kyle.
Brandon smiles. "So lame man, so lame."
Off to their right, a small path winds downward. Brandon points as they amble down the path. Strange bird like sounds break the silence, monkeys jump through trees...an unseen tiger roars. They all stop, stand in attack mode and raise their swords.
"Maybe we should go back and think this over." proclaims an edgy Derek.
Brandon, keyed up, retorts, "And maybe you should put your big boy panties on and follow me."
Brandon leads them down the path until they spot and enter an opening in the bush. They amble through and step onto a white, sandy beach littered with rocks, dried out wood, logs, small trees, dead trees, and various sized boulders.
They shuffle into the sand, stop and inspect their surroundings. A bit barren, most signs of any living plants or animals are gone. About fifty yards out sits a large weather-beaten rowboat tied to a battered dock which protrudes twenty yards into the sea.
Derek, nervous, asks, "I see the boat but no pirates. What do you think that means?"
"It means the berries haven't taken full effect yet." answers Brandon. "Let's walk to the dock, that's probably where they are."
As the guy's head toward the dock, instantly they see the pirates, swords sheathed. Brandon shoots a confident smile.
Derek utters, "It’s not too late."


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


The pirates and guys cautiously approach each other, stop ten feet apart where the dock meets the sand. Each inspects the other like two boxers facing off. The three appear to be fifteenth century pirates. They wear scraggly beards, colorful layers of clothing, hats and knives.
Captain Pardel speaks first. "I am Captain Pardel, this be Calico Jack and Marteen." Pardel pauses, stares at Brandon. "I’ve been waiting for you mate. This time it’s not a dream."
Brandon, fearless, responds, "Ayyee Captain, and when I be done with you, you’re going to wish it was a dream!
Pardel pulls his sword out, holds it high. "Preparrre to die!"
The pirates pull their swords, the boys theirs. 
Brandon, smug, says, "Now you would know all about dying, wouldn't you Captain?"
Pardel snips, "Aye mate, and so shall you!"
The pirates march toward them as the boys back up. Calico Jack jumps at Derek and slices his sword.
Derek, frantic, mutters, "Ooooohhhh...close!" Derek turns and runs as a grinning Jack chases him. 
Kyle and Brandon back up but wear looks of confidence.
Marteen faces Kyle, swings, Kyle blocks it, Marteen does a three sixty and whacks at Kyle, who blocks it, then smiles. Kyle turns a three sixty, crouches and swings at Marteen’s legs. Marteen jumps, swings at Kyles’s head, he ducks and attacks. They move forward, their swords clink against each other as they fight down the beach.
Brandon and Pardel clash swords as Brandon forces him down the dock while they duel back and forth. Brandon forces Pardel to back up. Each twist and duck to avoid the others sword as they jab back and forth.
Captain Pardel smiles. "You’ve been practicing."
Brandon, confident, responds, "To send you back to hell!" Brandon smashes his sword down on Pardel.
Calico Jack has forced Derek against a huge boulder. As Jack smashes blows down on him, Derek, scared and timid, raises his sword to block them. Quickly, Derek jabs him back, blocks a jab, stares at the sword. He smiles, leaps forward as he now reigns blows on Jack.
Marteen does a high overhead slam to Kyle, who blocks it and makes a jab at Marteen’s gut. Marteen lunges back, blocks Kyle's sword down then swings overhead and down across Kyle’s shoulder. The sword slices Kyle's shirt from his shoulder to his stomach. Kyle steps back, smiles, moves towards Marteen as they hammer blows down on each other.
Brandon breathes deeply and sighs. He moves forward as he jabs, slices and stabs at Pardel, who easily blocks all the blows.
With the berries now in full affect, Derek fights with confidence and ease, almost relaxes as he blocks Marteen’s blows. Marteen swings sideways, catches Derek’s sword, sends it spinning through the air. Derek backs up to Marteen’s advances. Frantic, Derek scans the area for anything to defend himself with. He spots a three-foot long, jagged six-inch thick bare tree branch, He dives on the ground, grabs the branch, rolls over and leaps back onto his feet as Marteen goes for the kill. Derek holds up the branch to block the sword but, the sword slices through it, leaving Derek holding two logs. Marteen smiles.
Pardel and Brandon now battle next to the rowboat, sparring back and forth as one gains the advantage, then the other. Pardel sees Brandon tires, he smiles as he hammers blows on Brandon, who barely has the strength to block them. 
Pardel says, "Don't worry lad, it will soon be all over."
Brandon replies, "Yes it will!"
Pardel swings and knocks away Brandon’s sword. It flies and sticks upright on the pier ten feet away. Pardel swings sideways at Brandon’s gut. Brandon jerks as he backs up toward his sword and dodges Pardel’s jabs and slices. 
Brandon leaps to his sword, grabs it in time to block an overhead smash. Both pause, both breathe heavily. Brandon grins wickedly because he has new found strength. He jabs and slices with such fury, Pardel has to back up to avoid Brandon's now powerful sword.  
Pardel waivers on the dock edge, Brandon furiously reigns blows on him. Brandon slices his sword upward, makes contact, Pardel's sword flies into the water. As Pardel pulls out a long knife, Brandon shoves his sword into his gut. Pardel moans, looks up at Brandon, bends over. Brandon yanks his blood covered sword out. Pardel teeters, Brandon grabs his hat and gives him a light push. Pardel plops into the water and disappears into the murky deep.
Jack swings again, Derek blocks it with the log. The sword sticks in the wood as Jack tries to jiggle it free. Derek jerks the sword and branch away as Jack grabs his knife. Derek grabs the sword, smashes the log into Jacks head. Jack drops as Derek raises his fist and sword into the air and stands, victorious.
Kyle slams his sword at Marteen, who blocks it, and moves toward Kyle. Both jab at one another as they move back and forth. Kyle tires, but has enough energy to block Marteen’s sword as he backs up. Marteen slices his sword through the air, does a three sixty and smashes Kyle’s sword with such force it flies away. Kyle backs up as Marteen swings at him. Kyle squeezes against a rock, trapped. Marteen smiles, raises his sword as Kyle smiles, Marteen freezes.
Brandon now stands behind Marteen in Pardel’s hat, sword pressed against his neck. "Drop it or die." Marteen drops his sword.
Kyle stands tall and declares, "I had him."
Brandon warns Marteen, "Your captain's dead. Get your mate and get out of here." Marteen bolts away. 
Derek approaches, all three grin at each other. Brandon holds his sword high. Derek and Kyle follow, their sword tips touching high in the air.
Brandon proclaims, "To victory!"
Kyle and Derek echo together, "To victory!"
Brandon grins, "We are such studs!"
Derek, keyed up, proclaims, "Was there ever any  doubt?"
 
Brandon, Derek, Kyle, Arianna, Treena and Tina, plus other mermaids, all in a festive mood, sit at the dinner table. Brandon still wears Pardel’s hat.
Arianna stands, addresses everyone. "You all have proven yourselves to be courageous and gallant fighters. Everyone on this island is thankful."
Brandon says. "Ahhh, it was nothing."
"The hell it wasn’t," Derek retorts, "we were almost killed."
"I had it under control." Kyle responds with a grin.
"That’s a lie, you..." Brandon tries to finish but Arianna interrupts.
"Can we move on?" she glances at the mermaids. "You all have your positions, you know what to do. May the Gods be with us."
Derek stands, holds his hand out. "Whoaaa, wait a minute here. You’re forgetting something."
"I don’t think so." replies Arianna.
Brandon adds, "He's right Arianna, we’re not staying behind."
"It’s too dangerous." Arianna warns.
Kyle asks, a bit sarcastically. "Is it more dangerous than, say, saving your island from marauding pirates who want to kill you?"
Treena turns to Brandon. "Brandon, it is too dangerous. What do you know of underwater battle? No, no, no!"
Brandon smiles, rubs her hair. "Are you saying you care, you would be sad if anything happened to me?"
Treena shakes her head in amazement.
"There are no berries for this." Arianna responds.
Brandon blurts out, "Besides, when you blow us..."
Derek and Kyle lower their heads and cover their faces.
Brandon restates, "Oops, you know, breathe into us, can’t you give us some of your special powers, maybe become invisible, shock them in the water, something?
"The most we can do is give you the power to communicate under the water." Arianna explains.
Kyle affirms. "It’s settled, we go to battle!"
"Not quite, there’s something I haven’t spoken of. My mother, err, Nemeritias," Tina glances at Arianna. "she has a special power, one all of you must avoid. She can stun you by her stare. If she stares at you, you will be frozen, unable to move."
Brandon, confident, says, "Ah, fatal vision, I have an answer for that."
"I warn you, do not look at her." declares Tina.
Brandon whispers. "Treena, I need to get to our boat, how long would it take?"
"I shouldn’t without mother's permission."
"It’s really important, we’ll be back before anyone knows we’re gone."


CHAPTER NINETEEN


Brandon and Treena's heads slowly slip above the water surface. They stare at the Mystic, which sits at a dock inside a giant cave. 
Brandon glances at Treena and smiles. "What a beautiful sight! I truly didn't think I would ever see her again."
They swim to the dock, Brandon pulls himself up then extends his hand to Treena. As he pulls her up, she flaps her tail and shoots out of the water. Just before she lands on the dock, her tail transforms back into her legs, feet and the outfit she wore. 
"Very clever, I don't think I'll ever get used to that." he stomps his feet on the dock. "This dock is well built, who built it?"
"A pirate named uhhh, Archembo, I think."
"Wait here." he scuttles up and onto the Mystic. He rubs the rail, smiles, opens up a hatch and pulls out a bag, opens it. Inside the bag, he stares at four spear guns with plenty of spears. He zips it up and turns. Treena stands there as he jerks back, caught off guard.
"Damn Treena, you just scared the crap out of me."
"So, this is the vessel that will take you away from me. I should burn it."
"You know we can’t stay here forever."
"Yes, you can...you just don’t like it here."
"It’s not that Treena, I love it here, but, it’s not our world. There’s so much more out there than...this island."
"But that’s not my world."
"No mermaid law says you have to stay forever. If you don’t like it, you can come back."
"I don’t think mother would ever allow me to leave. It would break her heart." Treena leans over the rail as Brandon follows.
"So, you’re saying you would consider it...if your mother gave you her permission?"
"I don’t know what I’m saying Brandon. I have never felt this way before. It’s like, like..."
"Love Treena, we call it love. It makes your heart feel joyful, like, uh, like getting a puppy dog, no, no, it’s like you getting a baby dolphin for the first time. It’s joy Treena, pure joy."
"I have seen it on the faces of women who have had a child."
"Exactly. It’s that type of joy only it’s for another person."
Treena cups Brandon's face in her hands. "Then it is love I feel for you Brandon." they kiss, then hug.  
Brandon whispers into her ear. "And I for you Treena."
 
Arianna lays on her cot, restless, tired, but, with her wandering mind, unable to sleep. She stands, strolls to her hut opening, guided by a lit candle, stares out at the lagoon and waterfall. She folds her arms, sighs, goes back to her cot and sits on the edge. She glances around the room, stands and paces back and forth. She belts out a frustrated moan. "No, I do not want to dream, I do not want to see ahead of my time. Stop these visions!"
She paces more as she mumbles to herself. If one were to see her, they might think she has mental issues. She finally sits back down, opens a nightstand drawer and pulls out a bunch of colored berries. She stares at them but hesitantly, finally pops one into her mouth. 
"If I must, I must, but let the Gods show mercy upon me."
She lays on the cot, covers herself and closes her eyes. A few minute's pass, her eyes pop open, they roam around the room. After a bit, her eyes flutter and close tight.

BEGIN DREAM

Arianna and Treena stand outside a small wooden house. They inspect the house, unsure if it's the right one. 
Treena says, "I can't tell if that's her house. They all look alike."
"I was given this address by one of us who visited her." Arianna responds. "This has to be the one."
Treena points. "Look, in the corner of the window, a sign."
Arianna smiles. "It's small, she doesn't want anyone to see it."
They creep close to the sign. Arianna reads it. "Lorelei's Treasures. Let's see what treasures lie in here."
Slowly, Arianna turns the doorknob, slides the door open. "Hellooo. Is anybody here?"
"I'm right here my dear. Please come in."
Arianna glances at Treena, they step inside, close the door.
Annabelle sits behind a desk. She looks to be in her fifties, partial grey hair pulled into a bun. She wears a long, hippy type gown, sandals and beautiful pearls.
The room is filled with green plants of all varieties. A wood-carved picture of a mermaid hangs on the wall. A large aquarium is filled with a variety of small tropical fish and seahorses. 
Treena moves next to it, stares. "I love seahorses."
Several small seahorses swim to the glass as Treena looks at them. They all stare back at her. She puts her fingers onto the glass. The seahorses soon gather at her fingers.
Annabelle smiles. "Apparently, they quite like you too." She pauses, stares at Treena. "I see you are with child."
Arianna answers. "Yes, she is. I've heard you can help us...help us decide what to do."
Annabelle asks, "You are of my kind, are you not?"
"Yes...we are." acknowledges Arianna.
Annabelle probes Treena. "And you my dear, you carry a baby boy...do you not?"
Treena looks confused. "How is it you know this?"
Annabelle smiles. "Our circle is very small. Nothing happens in our little community that does not eventually make its way to me." she pauses. "So Thanos has been in contact with you."
Treena, annoyed, replies, "Yes. He already tried to kill my husband."
"And you saved him." Annabelle responds. "You know he will not give up. Please, sit."
Annabelle sits behind the desk, Treena and Arianna sit in two chairs in front of the desk.
Annabelle continues. "So, you are the vessel of Kreios, the predicted savior of all the mermen and mermaid species."
"This was not of my choosing." 
"It matters not, the Gods have chosen you. There was nothing you could do to stop it."
"If only I had known, I would have never come to this place."
Arianna folds her arms. "Since you seem to know everything, let's get to the reality of all this. What will happen when the child comes of age to fulfill his destiny?"
Annabelle leans forward. "Thanos will take the child soon after he is born. He will teach him the ways of this world, then, he will train him in the ways of our world. He will instruct him on how to control the creatures of the sea, from the lowly crab to the great giant whales. Once he has done that, he will advise him how to control the animals of this world, from a pet dog to the most ferocious lions." Annabelle continues.
"Once he has learned how to control the world's creatures, he will lead an attack upon all humans of this earth. He will be sixteen years old when he begins this journey. He will have thousands of mermen to help lead the animals. The humans of this world, those who will survive, will be pushed into small quadrants, much like what our species live in now. You see, the humans will live the way we do now, we will live like the humans. Our kind will again control the world."
Treena wonders out loud. "Does this make him a savior or an evil Tyrant?"
"Yes." answers Annabelle.
Arianna glances at Treena. "And what about us, the mermaids of the world?"
"We will become servants, kept alive to serve the mermen and continue their bloodline." 
Arianna muses, "I guess that answers your question Treena."
Treena, now obviously anguished, asks, "And what if my son never reaches the age of sixteen?"
Annabelle, moved, says, "There is only one way that he can be stopped." She sighs, drops her eyes, then stares at Treena. "He must be killed by his mother or father. This is why Thanos tried to kill your husband." she pauses. "This is why he will try to silence you."
Treena, visibly upset, asks, "I must kill my own son?"
"I am sorry Treena...but this is the only way to stop him. He cannot die by any other hand except that of  his blood parents."
"I will never kill my own son." Treena stands. "Well, this has been such a nice visit. Let's go mother."
"I'm sorry, I know that's not what you wanted to hear. But there are rules and you need to know..."
Arianna interrupts. "Save it." Both hurry out the door.
Arianna jolts awake, sits up, looks about the room. She sighs, plops back down on her cot.
 
Back on Erato Island, Sean sits, locked in a cage. He wears a depressed, dejected look on his face. 
He hears a noise. Steven crouches behind the cage. 
"Mate, don’t turn around." Sean nods. "There are three of us and we’re escaping tomorrow. We have a boat and spear guns. We’re going to be following Nemeritias but we’ll be so far behind her she won’t know we’re there. If the mermaids don’t get you, look for our boat."
Sean continues to gaze down. He whispers. "She told me I’m going to be under a spell."
"Don’t worry mate, we’ll take care of that. If you get in trouble, remember, we’ll be there. I’m off for dinner. Later mate!"
In a central area near their huts, Seth, Steven, Joshua and Trey finish their dinner. 
Trey says, "You know this whole thing, getting Chiron back, happens tomorrow?"
"I figured it was soon." responds Seth.
Trey continues, "They’re taking Sean to trade for Chiron, but Nemeritias has no intention of letting him go. He will still end up dead."
Steven turns to Trey. "You know Trey, I feel bad for Sean, but we have our own worries, like staying alive. Right mate?"
"I like that thought." agrees Trey.
Seth adds, "I can tell you this Trey, when all this goes down, we’ll be in our huts, safe from all the blowout. Right boys?"
"You got that right mahn!" adds Joshua.
"Absolutely." says Steven.
"Alright guys, sack time for me, see you tomorrow." Trey leaves.
Seth says, "I don’t for one second, trust that SOB."
"No, he has too much freedom around here. He's lip locked to her ass." declares Steven.
Joshua, optimistic, adds. "So tomorrow it is boys. This the chance I be waiting for. Think about it, tomorrow, at this time, we be sitting with the mermaids, on our way to freedom."
"Or inside a shark's belly." warns Seth.
Joshua responds, "Don’t think like that mahn, we have a boat, we have weapons, we be good."
"I wish I felt as positive as you." utters Seth.
"I be here too long to worry about this mahn. My mind be ready, I can’t take it here anymore." Joshua pauses. "I jus’ as soon be dead."
Joshua stares down, seemingly deep in thought. Very slowly, he raises his head back up. He stares at no one as he speaks. "I keep that word, freedom, out of my head these past ten years, I never let it in. Once that tiny little word creep into you head, it jus’ get bigger and bigger. It start out the size of a pebble, then it become the size of a boulder until you no longer able to carry it around. Then, when you think you got a chance, it no longer matter, you be ready to die." he pauses. "I be ready now mahn."


CHAPTER TWENTY


DAY 10

The underwater sea is calm, grasses and plants reach toward the surface, with no movement. Arianna is still as well. Behind her ten mermaids wait, five in an arc on each side, surrounded by ten dolphins. Behind them wait the three guys and directly behind Arianna is Tina.
The area is exotic, forty to fifty feet deep. Reefs and tall seaweed type plants abound for hiding places. Tropical fish dart around as crabs and lobster scurry about. Sting rays lie buried in the sand. Big teeth eels peer from holes in the reef. Medium size jellyfish and sea cucumbers swim, a porcupine fish glides by as an octopus eats a crab.
Arianna glances behind her to ensure all are ready. The three guys give her the thumbs up signal.
In the distance, Nemeritias approaches, surrounded by ten sharks, twelve sirens. Nemeritias and her sirens tails are light and dark brown, some bleeding into black.
Behind them waits Sean, a chain around his neck, attached to a shark. The chain loops behind the sharks head, held in place by fins.
Nemeritias stops her group twenty feet from Arianna. Both shoot icy, evil stares at the other. Alone, Arianna swims to the middle as Nemeritias, alone, swims to meet her. They stop, communicating by their thoughts.
Nemeritias speaks first. "It’s been many moons Arianna."
"We want nothing to do with your evil. We come for the human, you for Chiron."
"Arianna, such hatred, after all these years."
"And you know why it is so."
"That was many, many moons ago. We must let the past be."
"Enough of your mindless chatter, bring me the human."
Arianna turns and signals for Chiron. Chiron swims and stops behind Arianna.
Nemeritias signals to the Siren next to Sean, she takes a key and first unlocks the chain on the shark, then Sean. The chain and lock drop into the sand. Sean swims and stops behind Nemeritias. Sean and Chiron’s eyes lock, they swim to each other and embrace.
"Sean, it is time, your friends await you. Come." Arianna declares.
Sean stares at her, trance like. The three guys swim over, surround Sean.
Derek tells him, "Sean, you’re free, time to come home."
Sean stares, again trance like and confused.
Brandon adds, "Dude, the beers waiting, we’re going home!"
Two Sirens grab Chiron, pull her toward the sharks. Sean is dazed, he stares, begins to follow Chiron. 
Brandon grabs him. "Sean, you’re coming with us."
Sean struggles. "No, I have to be with Chiron! Leave me alone!" He breaks himself free of Brandon and moves toward Chiron.
Arianna stares coldly at Nemeritias. "You witch! You’ve put him under your spell!"
Nemeritias calmly replies, "He is free to do what he wants. Take them away!"
Siren #1 & #2 grab Chiron and swim as Sean follows. The mermaids rush toward them, sharks cut them off. The dolphins shoot into the middle of them, the sharks chase them away. Shark #1 and #2 follow, which leads them away from the sirens and mermaids.
Treena rushes over to Siren #1, beside Chiron, who struggles to break free. Treena, like a guided missile, smashes her head in Siren #1’s back which knocks her away. Siren #1 turns and faces Treena, opens her mouth and exposes shark like teeth. Treena leans backs, swooshes her tail and sends Siren #1 into a spin. A dolphin smashes into Siren #1. She floats, alive but unconscious. 
The three guys each float nearby. Nemeritias spots them, her eyes widen as she begins her stare. Small, radar like waves roll toward the guys.
Quickly, each reaches into his bag of spears and slide on reflective sunglasses. The radar waves hit the glasses and bounce off. They high five.
In the distance, shark #1 and #2 have cornered the four dolphins in a grassy area. The sharks open wide for the attack. A dolphin shoots out of the grass to lead the sharks away from the others.
Shark #1 chases, he’s fast and gains on the dolphin and from the rear slams his jaws into his middle section. Blood flows as he swallows half the dolphin. The other half floats as his blood darkens the area.
Shark #2 has the remaining three dolphins cornered. From the long sea grass blasts a giant octopus. Like a guided missile, he shoots to the sharks back and wraps his tentacles around the sharks jaws. Slowly, the octopus forces the sharks jaws closed as the dolphins bolt away.
Two dolphins turn and head back to shark #2. They torpedo into the shark, who jerks sideways and floats.
Two sharks,  Sirens #2 & #3 surround Sean and Chiron to keep them in place. Other groups of mermaids and Sirens battle off to the side.
Nemeritias signals Sirens #2 & #3 to move toward the island. They swim as two sharks join them. Arianna spots them and rockets over. Nemeritias turns and holds up her hand, extending her fingers. Radar like waves blast Arianna and knock her into a stunned spin. A shark bolts to Arianna with jaws open, his giant teeth snapping like a steel trap. The shark is upon her as two dolphins torpedo into its side. The shark floats.
Off to the side, a shark chases Treena, he closes in, close enough to snap at her tail. He snaps twice, she jerks away. She tires, the shark opens his jaws, wide! Keela, close behind the shark, pounces on his back and wraps her arms around it. He stops, shakes, struggles. As Keela tumbles away, another shark lunges upon her and clamps his jaws in the middle of her body while violently shaking his head. Blood flows from Keela as she drops to the bottom. 
Another shark shoots out from nowhere and, without stopping, scoops up her body and swims away into the deep.
Treena is in shock, teardrops roll from her eyes. Her tears transform into small, yellow, sun like glowing balls. Treena stares at the five fiery balls that circle her. Her face transforms from sadness into revenge.
Six of ten sharks float, four Sirens remain.
The three guys move to Sean and Chiron, spear guns ready. As they approach, two sharks rush them. There are no dolphins around. As the sharks close in, all three fire their spear guns as each hit their mark. Blood flows from the sharks, but, like machines, they continue.
The guys reload and fire again. They hit but the sharks are not slowed. Hurriedly, the boys try to reload. 
From below, Treena watches. She gazes at the two shark's, the teardrop balls follow the path of her gaze. Each hit their mark and explode into the shark's side. A gaping hole leaves the two sharks floating.
Nemeritias is now with Sean, Chiron, two sharks, four Sirens.
Six floating mermaids and eight floating Sirens, all alive but unconscious, surround them. The remaining mermaids, dolphins and Arianna stare at them, easily have them surrounded. Nemeritias has a look of calm confidence. 
Arianna approaches and announces, "It is done Nemeritias, turn them over to us."
Nemeritias, stern, answers, "My daughter goes with me!"
An irate Chiron angrily responds, "I’m not your daughter, you have lied to me all this time. You stole me from my mother! I’ll never go with you!"
Nemeritias tries to defend herself. "It’s not true Chiron, she is the one who has lied to you!"
"Then why does my sister wear this?" Tina holds out her arm and shows her bracelet. Treena holds up her arm and shows the matching bracelet.
"It’s all been a lie, my life, you. None of it was real. You’re evil Nemeritias."
Nemeritias' eyes turn deep black, her face turns into a stone, cold evil. "Then you shall all die!"
She raises both hands and shoots out powerful waves as she spins her body in a circle. Waves slam everyone around her, sends them into somersaults and tumbles.
Treena is hit. As she tumbles and passes out, the remaining balls explode like little mines and disappear.
The three guys watch from a distance, far enough away to stay safe from her shock waves.
She spares no one, her waves hit Chiron, Sean, her sharks and Sirens. All lay motionless around her, passed out as Nemeritias smiles.
Out of nowhere, spears zing by her. She jerks around to see where they came from but cannot tell. The spears continue to zing around her. She glances up and sees the bottom of a boat. She smiles, extends her hands and fingers, shoots her shock waves up to the boat. They hit the bottom, causing it to rock and roll.
In the boat sit Seth, Steven and Joshua. They hold on for dear life while the boat rocks left and right.
Steven yells, "Hold on mates, she’s goin’ over!" The boat flips, throws all of them overboard. All three swim back and cling to the overturned boat.
Back underwater, Nemeritias smiles and moves to Arianna who slowly regains her senses but is still stunned. She’s upon Arianna, she opens her mouth and exposes shark like teeth. Arianna, too paralyzed to move, shakes her head sideways.
Nemeritias starts to bite but stops as her body is jolted from behind. She looks down. A spear sticks in her back. She turns, another pierces her shoulder. Dark, brownish colored blood darkens the water. Brandon, ten feet away, still aims his spear gun at her.
Nemeritias cries out, "Nooooooooooooooo!"
Brandon fires, it slams into her heart. Slowly, blood trails her as she sinks to the bottom, now nothing more than a dead fish.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


Back on Atargatis Island, the dinner table is full of mermaids, the guys, who keep their rum cups full, the kids, Seth, Steven and Joshua. They dine on a huge shark, the guys wash it down with rum. Several separate conversations flow, the table bustles with chatter and laughter.
Sean cups Tina's hand. "I want you to leave with me. We can start over."
"It would break my mother's heart, I have to get to know her, know my new world."
"What about my heart?"
"Sean please. Your heart will heal, you can return some day."
"Oh sure, I’ll just sit out there waiting for the fog to thicken."
"You won’t wait, we’ll know you come."
"This is just wrong. I wait my whole life for someone. Then, not only is she part fish but she doesn’t even want me."
"Listen robber of banks, I was going with you until you called me part fish."
"Whatever. Just to let you know, that was a lie, I didn’t rob a bank."
"So, you’re not a robber of banks, just a liar and a weasel."
Sean laughs. "I’m gonna miss you little girl!"

Brandon, troubled, asks Treena. "What about us Treena? You know how I feel about you."
"And I you, but I’m not a Human." she smiles. "Besides, I’m going to have a child to take care of."
Brandon raises his eyebrows. "Really? I know, it's my child too. What am I supposed to do, never see her?"
"Stay here Brandon...with me...life’s not so bad."
"I’d miss having a steak and beer, watching the super bowl, world series, Miami Beach. Great Zeus Treena, you would love Miami Beach. You have to come! I’ll give you a good life, there's so much you haven’t experienced."
"You know what happens if I’m out of water for five cycles of the sun."
"That could never happen. Where I live is surrounded by water. It’s beautiful Treena, we could build such a life, raise our daughter, together."
"Brandon, don’t, please."
"I’m not giving you up Treena, I’ll talk to your mother."
 
Derek asks, "What are you going to do Steven?" 
"Back to Australia mate. I’ve got people there. A lot of missed time to make up with my family. I never thought I’d get out of here. A freaking four-year fishing trip."
Seth concurs. "Yeah, same with me, a lot of time to make up. What about you Derek?"
"I’m not sure. We’ve only been gone a few weeks, but it’s changed the way I look at the direction my life is taking. You only get one shot, I’m not sure I want to spend it in a wire caged office."
Kyle adds, "Same with me. I’m not going back, except to say goodbye to all the cube-heads."
Seth smiles. "I will say the sceneries nice here. I’ve never seen so many Babylonian Babes in one place!"
"I know, if we could only come back once a year." opines Kyle.
Derek stands, holds out his mug for a toast. "A toast to Keela, who gave her life, so we could all be together today."
The entire room raise their glasses.
Derek declares "To Keela!"
Everyone repeats, "To Keela!"
"And a toast to all of you beautiful women who have helped us get out of here." Derek continues. "To an unforgettable experience, one we won’t soon forget...and to freedom, a word that has taken on new meaning!"
The area fills with claps and cheers! 
Joshua is overwhelmed, his eyes well. He grabs Stevens shoulder, squeezes it. "I never thought we would see this day."
Steven smiles. "Aye mate, neither did I. But we never gave up hope and now, home." 

DAY 11
 
Everyone is at the dock to say goodbye. Steven, Seth and Joshua watch from the deck of The Mystic.
Brandon takes Treena's hand. "This is it Treena, last chance."
Treena cries. "I love you Brandon...so much!"
"Maybe you do, but not enough to come back with me."
"Maybe you don't love me enough to stay."
"We could go back and forth on this but, I'm going back to my life and I want you to come and be a part of it."
Arianna smiles at Derek. "I had a dream."
"Uh ohh, about what?"
She hands Derek a gold chain with a locket.
"I have a sister somewhere in your world. When you meet her, give her this."
"It's a big world. How do you know I'll run into her and if I do, how will I know her?"
She places her hand on Derek’s heart.
"Here you will know."
Derek hugs her. "You’re a sweetheart Arianna, I’m really going to miss you."
Alison and Isabel run to Brandon, each hug one of his legs. He picks both up, their eyes well. "I’m going to miss you two munchkins!"
Both hug him tight. His eyes well as he slides them down.
Kyle and Anna hug each other tight, he strokes her hair.
Sean and Tina embrace. As Sean moves away, Tina still grasps his hand. Tina watches their hands and, in what seems like slow motion, their hands slip apart. 
One by one, as the rest of the crew amble onto the ship, each take a final glimpse back.
Derek leans over the deck. "Arianna, I forgot, we have no power."
Brandon grins. "A minor problem."
Arianna shouts out. "Do not worry."
As soon as Isabel and Alison untie the ropes, the boat drifts toward the cave entrance. Everyone waves goodbye.
Brandon stares at Treena as tears stream down her face. 
Tina weeps as Derek and Sean watch. Sean turns to Derek. "Hold on."
All eyes turn to Sean as the boats slides forward.
"What’s wrong?" Derek asks.
Sean stares straight down at Tina. "I’ve waited my whole life for Tina. All the women I've dated, I've dumped them. Now, I've found what I've been looking for and I can't give her up."
Derek winces. "But back home...beer, games, The playoffs, the..."
"You know Derek, until now, I've known every love except true love. If I just let her go, if I do nothing, I know...I know the pain of regret would haunt me forever."
"C’mon Sean, you want to spend the rest of your life here, isolated from the world?"
"I have nothing back home, not even a job. This is my new world."
Sean turns and hugs Derek, then Brandon, then Kyle.
Sean smiles. "Next time, bring me some beer. Later guys."
The boat is past the cave entrance when Sean dives in.
 
On the dock, all watch in confusion as Sean dives in. Tina puts her hands over her heart. Arianna stares at Tina as her cries turn to light sniffles.
Tina, shaking with a sense of excitement, but also with a sting of fear in her heart, utters, "Mother! I, I, look..."
Arianna smiles. "I know."
The guys watch as Sean swims, then turns back to them. "Oh, and steak, Twizzlers and Doritos." he swims further, yells out, "Maybe some Little Debbie’s, ah ah, Reece Pieces, I love Reece Pieces." he swims a bit more, turns, "And, and, Viagra." The guys laugh.
Tina turns to Arianna. "Mother, what is this Viagra?"
Arianna smiles, puts her arm around Tina. "I don't know, it must be some type of sweet treat."
Sean pulls himself up onto the dock. Tina watches, her clasped hands trembling. Sean stands in front of her, neither speak. Tina shoots a glance at her mother, Arianna nods her head. 
"Does this mean you are staying?"
"No, I just had to give you one last kiss goodbye."
Tina folds her arms and turns around. She tries to hide her convulsing sobs but cannot. 
"Alright, I'll stay."
Tina turns around and faces Sean. "Do not lie to me again. Are you staying?" 
"Only if you promise not to call me a robber of banks...or a weasel."
"I promise!" Tina shouts as she jumps up into Sean's arms.
 
The Mystic now glides along around three hundred feet from the island. The guys lean against the deck. 
Steven declares, "This ship moves good for not having any power mate."
Brandon smiles. "Mermaid technology."
Later, in the control room, all stare at the treasure box bulging with gold.
Brandon, a bit hyped up, blurts out, "I guess I won’t have to worry about paying my bills anymore."
Kyle adds, "None of us have to worry about anything like that, ever, ever again."
Seth looks outside at a huge, walled fog bank. "What the hell is that?"
Derek stares at it. "It’s what’s taking us home."
 
Back on the island, Treena struggles with her decision to stay. "Mother I don’t know what to do!"
Arianna smiles at her. "Look to your heart Treena."
"But mother, I would miss you so, and Tina, she just returned. There’s so much we have to learn about each other."
Tina responds, " I will always be in your heart. Besides," she glances at Sean, who tosses logs under the flaming kettle. "I have someone to keep me busy."
Arianna puts her hand on Treena’s chest. "We will never be apart Treena, we will always be here."
Treena hugs her mother and sister as tears fall from all.
"Thank you mother, I love you."
"Listen carefully to me Treena. When you are there, while your child is growing inside of you and after your child is born, you will face challenges, ones that will be very difficult."
"Like what mother?"
"There is no need to be concerned now, but I just want you to be prepared."
"But mother, I must know..."
"I told you not to worry." Arianna turns Treena
toward the water. "Hurry, be off!"
Treena bolts down a path and dives into the water.


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Back at sea, the men lean against the rear deck rail as the islands shrink. As they watch, a large wave rolls toward them.
Steven, a bit on edge after seeing the wave, says, "What the hell is that mate? I thought we left all that behind us."
"I don’t know but it’s moving fast." Brandon replies.
As they watch the wave, they enter the thick fog.
Immediately, huge waves crash over the side, the Mystic rolls on top of the waves. Everyone holds on inside in the control room. Gold tumbles out of the bulging chest and slides all over the floor.
Brandon stares helplessly at Derek. "How can this be? It's starting all over again."
Derek, ruffled, answers, "I don't know, this isn't supposed to happen."
A huge wave knocks the rear deck door open. The front of the Mystic angles forty-five degrees upward as it rides a wave. Steven and Joshua tumble out the back door and slide across the deck on their stomachs, nothing to hold onto.
Both screech, "Help...helllp!"
Brandon grabs a rope from a closet as Derek struggles to keep the Mystic afloat. Brandon ties the rope to a grab bar on the wall then tosses it to the men. As both struggle to grab the rope, another huge wave lifts them in the air.
Steven is able to grab the rope with one hand and reaches out to Joshua with his other hand. Joshua grabs his hand and Steven helps pull him to the rope. Both men now have both their hands clasping the rope.
Brandon yells to Seth, "Help me pull them in!" Brandon and Seth struggle to pull them but make little progress.
Joshua and Steven are able to struggle to their knees and start to crawl toward the door. Just when they are ten feet from the door, a monster wave smashes in from the side and lifts both high and tosses them overboard.
Brandon screams, "Noooo!" He tugs on the rope, it's tight, both men still holding on. Steven and Brandon again try to pull in the rope but cannot do it.
"Derek, we need you to help." a frantic Brandon yells out.
As Derek rushes over, the rope yanks the bar from the wall and flies into the sea.
Brandon screams, "Nooo, not again!"
The storm immediately calms down, the skies become quiet. All three guys rush out to the deck and stare into the murky water. 
Derek utters, "I guess it got what it came for. After all that time they were held by the sirens, they are taken away again." he pauses. "I just don't get it."
The fog eventually lightens, then completely disappears. In front of them sit the two islands.
"This is really messed up. None of this makes any sense." proclaims Derek.
Brandon adds, "After all we've been through, we end up back where we started. And now, Steven and Joshua are gone. How could Arianna let this happen?"
Seth, to the right of them, replies, "She could do nothing, it is I who have made all this happen."
Derek and Brandon turn to Seth. He is no longer Seth but has turned into Thanos. The two guys glance at each other, then back at Thanos.
Derek asks, "Who the hell are you and what happened to Seth?"
Thanos, looking toward the island, replies, "I am Thanos. I am here to ensure Brandon survives and breeds with Treena. She will then have a son who will rule the Earth and bring my kind back into power.
"I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you mean...Treena already carries my child."
"Treena will lose the child because it is not a boy. You must then deliver a boy to her. It is written in our ancient scrolls. This is the way it will happen."
"Why Treena...and more importantly, why me?"
"You don't know who you are, do you?"
"Arianna spoke of this but no, I have no clue who I was...I'm just Brandon."
"Let me help you out. You were Asclepius, the God of medicine and healing. Your mother, Coronis, also known as Arsinoe, became pregnant with you by Apollo but fell in love with someone else. Apollo learned of the affair and he sent his sister, Artemis, to kill Coronis, your mother. But before she was killed, you were cut out from her by, who else, none other than Apollo. Go figure on that one. Apollo gave you to the centaur Chiron to raise. Chiron taught you the art of surgery, of how to be a doctor. 
For reason's I don't want to go into, your powers were not appreciated by all, and your ability to revive the dead soon drew the resentment of Zeus. He struck you down with a thunderbolt.
But Zeus soon learned how important your work was. After he realized your importance in the world of men, he placed you in the sky as the constellation Ophiuchus."
Brandon grins, "You know, you had me listening until you said I became a constellation, a star. I was a night rider! Wooooo!"
Thanos grins, continues. "But while you were alive, you were married to Epione, and with her you fathered six daughters. Your next child was going to be a male, a boy child favored by the Gods, but you were taken before that could happen. This is why you were brought back to father a male child who will be a God to rule this Earth. This is why I must take you back to the island."
Brandon muses, "Six girls? That's crazy. And me being a Greek God? Admit it Thanos, you're making all of this up."
"I speak nothing but the truth. I have no reason to lie."
Derek has slipped away, unnoticed. He slithers behind Thanos and plunges a knife into his back.
"That was total stupidity you fool." Thanos says.
Both Brandon and Derek stare at him in disbelief. Thanos backs up, slides the knife out, shoots evil rays at Derek from his eyes. 
Derek rubs his face, screams "Noooo!"
Thanos flicks his finger toward the ocean and Derek flies out of the boat and plunges into the water, which swallows him.
Brandon screams a war cry and lunges at Thanos, wraps his hands around his neck and squeezes. Thanos only smiles, then disappears.
Brandon jerks awake in bed, his hands extended in a choking motion. His hands tremble as he snaps out of it and sits up, confused. He glances around to orientate himself. He shakes his head.
"Damn, I, these, these are gonna kill me." 
He remembers back to what Arianna told him. "You must listen to your dreams, they reveal the future."
"Man, I hope not." He jumps out of bed, dresses, leaves the area.

Later, as the fog lightens, Derek hurries inside the control room, stares at the gauges. As he watches, the needles jump, the radar beeps. Derek turns the key, the engine roars. Everyone claps and yells.
The fog has evaporated. Where the two islands sat is now endless ocean.
Brandon leans on the deck, gazes out to sea, a dejected look on his face. He feels hands on both his shoulders.
He warns, "Stop messing with me Kyle!"
The two hands then cover his eyes, turn him around. He grabs the hands and pulls them off.
Brandon, both shocked and thrilled, yells out, "Treena!" they hug and kiss. "I never thought I was going to see you again!"
Treena, responds, in almost a whisper, "The love you spoke of, it is very powerful."
"You must be a vision, Arianna said we wouldn’t remember anything."
"What, and forget about me!" Treena smiles. "You remember me Brandon?"
"Ahhh, the power of the mermaid!"


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


DAY 13

Back on the boat dock back in Nassau, Steven and Joshua each hold a big brown bag of gold, nothing more. Seth stays for the return trip to Miami.
Steven, grateful, says, "Well, this is it mates, I’m goin’ home. Derek, I got your number, we’ll stay in touch."
Joshua hugs him. "We owe you our lives. We owe all of you our lives. I will never forget any of you. That boulder I told you two about, both Steven and you Seth, that boulder is gone. I be so grateful to have my life back." Joshua laughs. "I think I'll look for a new job...no more fishin' for me."
As Joshua hugs each of them, he whispers a "Thank you" in their ear. The others watch as Steven and Joshua mosey away.
 
Joshua ambles down a cracked, pot-holed road. Shanties and small businesses surround him in this poor section of town. Several people stare at him, a few stop and whisper to each other. He even nods his head to some. He passes the businesses and continues down the road. He passes overgrown shrubbery surrounding houses that are so run down they look abandoned.
He continues and finally spots a small, wooden, rundown house. He smiles as he stops and stares, absorbing the vision of his house, letting the picture he saw so many times in his mind,  sink in. The house he had dreamt about so many nights, the house where he and his daughter lived. 
His mind races. 'will she still be here...does she still live here?' Finally, after much hesitation, he strolls to the front door. Not wanting to face the worst, he hesitates, turns around to leave, then stops. 
He mumbles to himself, "What be wrong with you mahn? You be thinking about this moment, this very, exact moment, for ten years. What you going to do, leave and not see her. Don't be a fool mahn, grow some and go inside."
He finally turns back around, slips his hand on the door knob, stares at it for a few moments. He sighs, takes a deep breath, turns the knob and steps inside.
He quietly closes the door, stares at Trista as she washes dishes. She senses him,  stops, slowly turns around with a wet bowl in her hand. She stares at him, drops the bowl which shatters.
Trista screams! "Stay away from me, you’re dead, I don’t believe in spirits, go away!
Joshua laughs. "I’m not dead daughter...I’ve just returned."
Trista slowly saunters to him. Fearful, she pokes his shoulder, then the other one, squeezes his arm. As it sinks in that he's not a vision, that he's really back, uncontrollable tears fall from both of them.
Trista weakly whispers, "Papa!" They hug and squeeze each other tight.
Trista cups Joshua's face in her hands, not quite believing. Tears roll down her cheeks as she rubs his.
"It's been so long Papa, ten years...ten heartbreaking years...where have you been?"
"I was a prisoner, but it doesn't matter now daughter. I'm back, I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to take care of you, make up for the last ten years."
"I feel like this isn't real. I have imagined this exact moment for so long and now...now, it's really happened."
"As have I. I thought about you every day and now, here we are." Joshua's eyes tear up. "Never give up on your dreams my daughter, never give up."

DAY 15

Lou, Derek, and Kyle relax, drink beer on Lou's back patio.
Lou asks, "So where’s Brandon?"
"He’ll be here any time. Jessa?"
"Same, any time."
There's a knock on the patio gate door, Derek hops up and hurries over, opens the door. Brandon and Treena walk in and when Treena spots Lou, a giant smile lights her up. 
Lou stares at her like he's seeing a vision. "Treena?"
Treena almost screams, "Louis!"
They rush to each other and embrace. The guys look on in confusion.
Derek folds his arms. "You’ve got some explaining to do Dad."
Jessa enters from the sliding glass door, closes it, turns, spots Treena and screams! "Treeennnaaaa!
Treena screams back, "Jessaleena!"
They rush to each other and bear hug.
Jessa rubs Treena's hair. "Thank the Gods, I never thought I would see you again!"
Derek, a bit fired up, questions, "This is way too weird. Dad?"
Treena holds up her hand. "No, let me. Everyone, I would like to introduce you to Jessalina, my mother's sister."
The guys glance at each other in disbelief, even shock. Lou puts his arm around Jessa, stares at her, looks back at the guys and smiles. "I guess I never told you the story about my trip to Atargatis Island."

Thanos strolls on an isolated part of the beach with no one else in sight. The sun is dropping, it's almost to the water as it makes a colorful show in the clouds. 
Thanos is around 40 years old, six foot, thin but muscular. He has thick, shoulder length blond hair, bold features, a man who looks like he's in charge at all times. He's dressed like he's ready to go sailing, polo top, white pants and deck like tennis shoes.
Slowly, he strolls, deep in thought. He stops, gazes out to sea. He stares up at the sky, then back out to sea. A four-foot shark leaps out of the water.
Thanos pleads out loud. "Two more,
please, just two more." As his eyes scour the water, another medium sized shark leaps through the air. Optimism in his voice, he proclaims, "The sun is perfect...this must be my sign, please...one more...just one." He looks up to the sky. "Just one more...let the Gods be watching."
One third of the sun has now disappeared into the water.
Thanos pleads again. "Please let it be...hurry!"
As two thirds of the sun disappears, Thanos shakes his head. "It is not to be."
As the sun drops to where only a quarter of it is visible, a huge, white shark leaps through the air. Thanos extends his arms and clasps his hands together.
"I have waited over a hundred years for you." he pauses, smiles. "My man child has finally arrived."


PART II               SURVIVAL


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Derek's mouth pops open. "I'm speechless!"
Brandon, in shock, says "I have no words...nothing could express how I feel".
Derek continues. "Dad, I can't believe you never told me."
Lou shrugs his shoulders. "Would you have believed me?"
"No, I guess not...not before this trip anyway."
Kyle sighs. "I need to drink a large quantity of alcohol."
Lou pulls out a chair. "Why don't we have a seat around the table."
Brandon sits. "Good idea...before I fall down."
As they pull out their chairs and sit, they flash glances at each other but no one says a word.
Treena finally breaks the ice. "This is such a surprise, I never thought I'd see you two again."
"I knew you'd come Treena." Jessa responds. "I felt it in my heart."
Treena smiles. "I felt you too even though I didn't expect you were going to be with anyone connected to my friends here."
"It's strange how the Gods test us with these puzzles." replies Jessa.
  "Strange indeed." affirms Treena. "If not even stranger by how we somehow put all the pieces together. So Jessa, how is it here...I mean...do you like it?"
Jessa glances at Lou and smiles. "It has its challenges, but yes, I love it here."
Lou raises his eyebrows. "What challenges are we talking about my love?"
Jessa rubs his shoulder. "Nothing to do with you my love."
Treena asks, "No problem getting in the water? I mean, I know there's water everywhere but...any problems?"
Jessa smiles. "None at all, plus...the waters are beautiful around here. I'll take you...you'll love it."
Treena stares at the pool about fifteen feet away. "And you have your own private lagoon?"
"Yes, and it's salt water. I don't have to go anywhere if I don't want to."
Treena seductively kisses Brandon on the cheek. "Honey, can you get me one of those?"
Brandon, a bit unsettled, responds, "Uhh, uh huh, absolutely."
Treena smiles and kisses him again on the cheek.
"Well, I'm so glad everyone is sooo happy." Derek opines with just a slight touch of sarcasm. "Now I'm the one feeling like a fish out of water. Dad, how did it happen?"
Lou clasps his hands. "I imagine the same way as you son. Into the storm, out the other side, and there sat the islands. How is Arianna?"
Derek smiles. "She's good. She's a fantastic lady."
"Yes, she is. I'm glad to hear that." agrees Lou.
"Oh, I forgot." Derek says as he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a locket. "Arianna said to give this to you when I found you." 
He hands Jessa the locket, she stares at it a moment then pulls it close to her chest. She sighs. "This is so special to me...thank you Derek."
Lou tries to grab the locket but she pulls it away. "I'm sorry honey, no one else can touch it." she puts it around her neck, clips it on. "I can't believe my sister really sent this, but...my sister is wonderful." 
Jessa stares at Treena. "Seeing you Treena is, almost, as good as seeing her."
"Well, that's a fine welcome, almost." kids Treena.
"What about the evil queen, Nemeritias?" Lou asks. "I assume you all met her?"
"She swims with the fishes." Kyle answers. "In very deep water."
"Meaning what?" questions Lou.
Brandon smiles. "I killed her."
Lou pumps his fist. "Yes! Ding dong, the witch is dead. Fantastic! Sean?"
"The fool fell in love with the witch's daughter." Derek sighs." He stayed."
Jessa nods. "Good for him. And Chiron?"
Derek nods his head. "Yeah, that's another story."
Treena turns to Jessa. "You know who Chiron is, I mean who she really is?"
Jessa smiles. "Of course I do honey. I promised my sister I would never speak about it so it's a secret that had to stay locked up inside of me. When it happened, I suffered along with your mother."
Treena glances at Lou. "Did Lou know?"
"Yes, I told him." 
"Soo, everyone knew but me." Treena whispers.
Everyone has a moment of silence until Derek asks, "So Dad, what happened with you on the island?
Lou raises his eyebrows. "I imagine the same thing that happened to you. Our big problem was the pirates...Captain Pardel killed Alex...poor soul. Did you meet up with them?
Brandon answers. "Ohhh yeahhh. The berries...beachfront battle." 
Brandon stops, Lou waits, finally raises his hands, "Are you gonna tell me what happened?"
Brandon, smiles, leans down to a bag, pulls out Pardel's hat, carefully places it on his head, smiles.
Lou's eyes pop open. "You gotta be kidding me...unbelievable. You took out Pardel? And the pirates are gone?"
Brandon confidently purses his lips. "Yeah, yeah...we took care of business. No more pirates...ever."
Jessa claps her hands. "I'm so happy for my sister and everyone else on the island. It's been a worry for them for so long. I really underestimated you boys. You killed Nemeritias, Pardel, and drove the pirates away. You were truly meant to find the island."
Brandon nods his confident head. "Sometimes destiny finds you, but this time, we forged our own." 
Brandon whispers to Jessa. "Jessa, Treena has to...you know...go." 
Jessa smiles. "Come Treena."
Both get up and walk through the sliding door into the living room. The TV is on, Jurassic Park is the show. Treena stares at the TV, screams, dashes behind the couch, crouches on her hands and knees. Jessa stands next to her.
Treena whispers, kind of loud. "Hide Jessa...hide!"
"Why?"
"Those beasts..." she points to the TV. "over there."
Jessa smiles. "Honey, that's just the TV...those creatures aren't real, it's like...made up pictures."
Treena looks up. "Not real?"
"No, now get up."
Slowly, Treena raises up just enough to peek over the couch at the TV.
"You're sure?"
"I'm sure, just make believe. Didn't Brandon have a TV at his place?"
"I guess not. I've never seen anything like that"

Back on the patio, Lou continues his story. "So we had to make up a story about Alex falling overboard which is why we never found his body. Anyway, enough of that. What's your plans?"
Derek smiles. "We brought back a lot of pirate booty. I'll sell some...chill and figure out what I want to do. You guys?"
Kyle and Brandon both nod. "Yeah...same here."
"I'll tell you what I'm not going to do and that’s go back to that crappy, depressing twelve dollar an hour job that keeps me locked in a cell." states Derek.
"What about Sarah?" asks Lou.
"Yes...Sarah, Sarah. You know, she's a really nice person but...too needy for me. I'm sitting on that one for now."
Brandon glances inside. "It's like, after being with a mermaid, normal women are kind of boring."
Kyle rolls his eyes. "Do I need to remind you that before this trip you couldn't get a date with an eighty-year old woman? Do you recall that...studmeister?"
"Yeah, but that was..."
Lou interrupts. "Pirate booty eh. You're lucky you got it. You know what that stuff's worth?"
"A lot I imagine." answers Derek.
Lou smiles. "Millions...and more millions."
"Yeah, we all figured it was".
Lou, a bit dejected, nods his head sideways. "You guys are lucky...we got nothing."
Derek glances at Brandon, nods his head. Brandon reaches into his bag, grabs the pirate's medallion he got from the sunken ship, hands it to Lou. 
Lou inspects it. "Yeah this is nice. Just this piece could set you up for life."
Derek grins. "It's your's dad."
Lou stares at the medallion, looks up at Derek. "Say what? Are you serious?"
Brandon holds out his hand, Lou shakes it. "Just a little thank you for letting us use the Mystic. We wouldn't have anything if you hadn't let us use her."
Lou nods his head. "I don't know what to say, other than, thanks guys. This calls for a celebration!"
In the kitchen, Jessa holds open the fridge door, Treena leans against the counter.
Jessa says, "There's much you must learn about life here. No one must ever find out who you really are."
Treena asks, "Why?"
"Because they will take you and put you inside of a laboratory, put you in a tank of water so they can study you. You see Treena, most people in this world don't believe we even exist."
"If it is not safe here, why do you stay?"
"The same reason you came with Brandon. I love Lou, he's a good man. Besides, so many things here we never had...like this."
She pulls out a jar of Nutella, opens it, grabs a spoon, dishes some on, hands it to Treena. Treena, cautious, takes it, sniffs, then samples it. Her eyes roll.
"That's the most incredible thing I ever tasted. Great Gods of Zeus!"
She downs it, dips again and sucks on it. Jessa grabs a jar of M & M's, unscrews it, grabs Treena's hand and pours some in. Treena stares.
"These look like...ahhh...bird droppings...in different colors."
"Eat one."
"I shall not eat that which a bird leaves on the ground."
Jessa takes a few from her hand, pops them into her mouth, rolls her eyes. Treena stares, cautious, at the candy in her hand. Slowly, she picks one up, rolls it in her fingers. She sniffs it, glances at Jessa and finally drops one into her mouth. She rolls it with her tongue, then flashes a big smile.
"I think I'm going to like it here."
A grinning Lou walks in. "I see you're introducing her to our, our...better delights."
"I don't want to leave this place." Treena says. "So many wonderful things. I even just ate a bird dropping, a colored one at that. I had no idea bird droppings could be so good."
Lou glances at Treena who raises her eyebrows and holds up the candy jar. 
Lou kids, "Yes, we collect them outside, in the morning, when they're fresh."
Treena says, "Then wake me in the morning so I can collect my own jar."
Lou reaches into the fridge, grabs two bottles of champagne, holds one out to Treena. "Then you're really going to love this. Honey, would you grab some glasses, we're starting a celebration outside."
He leans over to Jessa, whispers, "Bird droppings...really Jessa." Jessa sticks her tongue out at Lou.
Back on the patio, Lou stands. The rest sit as Lou holds out his filled glass for a toast.
"It's wonderful that we can all be together, so I'd like to toast to all of you our new way of life."
Brandon echoes, "To what we wanted our entire life, a life that being a millionaire brings."
Derek follows, "To being a millionaire!"
All raise their glasses, clink and drink. 
Treena smiles, downs the glass. "Ohhh...ooohhh...so wonderful."
Brandon warns, "Slow down there, party girl, this stuff has a kick."
Treena holds out her glass, smiles. "Kick me some more...my love."
Brandon whispers in her ear. "Say that again."
"Kick me some more."
"No silly, the other part."
"What part?"
Brandon frowns. 
"You mean...my love?"
Brandon nods his head up and down with a big smile.
"My love, my very sweet love...I love you."
They hug as Brandon whispers in her ear. "And I love you so very much."


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Thanos relaxes at a Miami waterfront bar deck table with a thirty something attractive woman named Leah. They share a plate of tuna sashimi.
"So, what is it you do Thanos?" asks Leah.
"I make lovely women like yourself happy."
"Really? I like your work already." she pauses. "Seriously, do you work?"
"Only when I have to. I'm one of the fortunate ones who come from a family of money, so I'd say...my job is to manage the family finances."
"That doesn't sound too difficult."
Thanos smiles. "It can, sometimes, be challenging."
A small group of people have gathered on the deck below Thanos as a few more amble over and join them. They take pictures, talk, point to the water.
"I wonder what's going on?" ponders Leah.
Thanos replies, "Sharks have gathered below the deck."
"How do you know that?"
"I feel them. It's one of my gifts. Would you like to go down and see?"
"I'd love to." Both get up and walk down to the lower deck.
As Thanos approaches, the sharks work into a frenzy, thrashing about. It's noticeable, some of the crowd stare at Thanos. A few large sharks leap out of the water, the crowd jerks back.
Thanos steps forward, crouches down and holds his hand out. 
A large shark approaches, Thanos rubs his head. The crowd oohhhs as they snap pictures.
Another shark approaches, Thanos rubs his head. He stands, closes his eyes, concentrates. The sharks slowly swim away. He walks back to Leah as the crowd stares at him.
"That was creepy...what the hell did you do?"
"We all have the ability to communicate with all living creatures. I merely communicated with them."
"Yeah, well if I did that I wouldn't have a hand now. You didn't tell me you were a master manipulator of sharks."
Thanos chuckles. "I didn't tell you I was a master manipulator. Let's finish our appetizer."
As they walk back to the table, Thanos stops, freezes. He lightly curls his nose, sniffs. He closes his eyes, tilts his head, lightly sniffs the air again. 
He pops open his eyes, stares at Leah. "I have to go."
"That's not funny."   
"I'm sorry, I really do have to go...now."
He grabs a fifty-dollar bill from his pocket, squeezes it into Leah's hand.
"You're kidding me, right? You have to be kidding me."
He rushes away. She watches him disappear, still amazed by his leaving. She yells, "You didn't say you worked on being a manipulating asshole!"
He rushes down the city streets, slows at a corner, pauses, sniffs, turns right and crosses the street. 
Jessa and Treena sit and eat in a nice restaurant.
Treena pops a scallop in her mouth. "These are wonderful! What are they called?"
"Scallops." Jessa replies. "You know them as sand dabs."
"These are sand dabs? I've never had them this way. They don't taste the same."
"We have what they call chefs here. A chef has a special way of preparing food."
"Yes, a magical way...I love it." Treena pauses. "I've wanted to ask you Jessa..."
"Ask away honey."
"All of the men, Brandon, Derek, Lou, they all seem to be obsessed with having lots of gold...millionaires they call it. Why is it so important to them to have so much, even more than they could need. Is the entire human population that way?"
Jessa chuckles. "Many humans do believe this way. I think it's a result of their culture, the world their kind has created."
"But on our island, we have no need for their gold and money. Everything we need is there and even though we are not 'millionaires', we are quite happy."
"Yes, this is true. Humans live a different life here, many seem obsessed with gold and money, even the clothes they wear and the cars they drive. They want others to think they are successful."
"Clothes? They send others a message with clothes?"
Again, Jessa chuckles. "Yes, clothes, and even these." she holds up her purse. "This cost fifty units of their money, called dollars. Some women will choose to spend five hundred, even a thousand or more of their dollars on these. But, I'm with you, I don't get it either."
"Then explain..."
Jessa stops, surveys the area.
"What is it Jessa?"
Jessa stares out the front window. "I sense something."
"Yes, me too. I sense I want more of these."
"No Treena, I sense danger, something is disrupting my flow of energy."
Jessa again surveys the area as Treena eats. Jessa stares at her food, takes a bite, stops, looks up. 
Thanos stands in front of them. 
Jessa is shocked, Treena curious.
"It's been many moons Jessaleen." says a calm Thanos.
Jessa replies, "What are you doing here?"
Thanos asks, "Do you mind if I have a seat?"
"Yes, I do. I want you to leave before your dark cloud casts thunderbolts upon us"
"I promise, no rain or storms." Thanos smiles, pulls out a chair and sits. He shoots a glance at Treena. "And what is your name my love?"
"Her name is Treena. Now please, leave us alone."
"That's not a way to treat such an old friend after all these years."
"Old friend? Don't make me laugh, you're not an old friend. You are a conniving sea serpent and you want something."
Treena, confused, asks, "What's going on, what is this about?"
Jessa sighs. "His name is Thanos and it means..."
"Immortal. I come from where you come from, I am one of you."
"You were one of us many moons ago" Jessa says, "but you took a different path...a dark path."
Thanos grabs a slice of bread, tears off a piece and pops it in his mouth. "That was many moons ago Jessa, I'm a changed person."
"You are not changed. You were turned dark by Deimos, you can never go back to what you were."
Treena quizzes. "Deimos...who is Deimos?"
"Deimos was the son of Ares and Aphrodite, his name means fear, terror, evil." explains Jessa. "This is what you are Thanos. Now leave us alone."
"That's in the past. Look around Jessa. We're in beautiful Miami, a different place in a different time."
Jessa shoots him a stare cold as ice. "What do you want?"
"I like that, right to the point." He pops another piece of bread into his mouth. "You are with child Treena."
Jessa, now in a grim, dark mood, fires back, "That is no concern of yours."
Thanos smiles. "It is a man child."
"You just lost all credibility." responds Treena.
"You've lost your mind Thanos. Even you know this is not possible." retorts Jessa.
Thanos, annoyed, responds, "Are you so lost in this world you have forgotten our past? Forgotten the prophecies spoken by the gods? The prophecies that told of the coming of a man, a man who would lead us into a new world, a man who would restore us back into power. This is who grows inside Treena now."
Treena sits, in shock, speechless. 
Jessa tries to recover. "This cannot be...you are wrong. Leave us now."
Thanos tries again. "Why do you think I am here? In Miami? I have been here for over one hundred years...waiting. Waiting for this child to be born."
An irritated Treena warns, "This is my child, you shall have nothing to do with her...nothing!"
"This man child does not belong to you, it belongs to our world. It is my path to guide this child to his rightful destiny. You cannot escape this Treena, you are merely the vessel that brings him to us."
Jessa stands, holds out her hand. Treena grabs it, they take a few steps away.
An angry Jessa fires back, "You are obviously too blinded by evil to see the truth. Stay away from us!"
Thanos grins. "The least I can do is buy you lunch. Mmmm...sand dads."
He grabs a fork and pops one into his mouth as Jessa and Treena rush away.
"Mmmm...so good." he watches them as they walk away. "I'll be seeing you, soon."


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX


Jessa and Treena sit at Lou's patio table and sip drinks.
Treena quietly asks, "You haven't spoken of that man last week...Thanos you called him. He scared me Jessa."
"If what he says is true, not just you, but all of us, will be cast into the dark that used to be our world."
"It can't be true. Our kind can only bear baby girls. You know that Jessa."
"It is true that it was written many hundreds of moons ago about the birth of a man child. A man child who would start a new time for our kind, one that would take us off of the many islands we live on and bring us together in this world."
"But surely that was just a myth passed down through the generations."
"It spoke of a man child fathered by a human man. One born only in this world, the human world."
"I believe none of it. I will have my baby girl and nothing will change that. He can speak all he wants of a 'man-child', but he shall learn how wrong he is."
"We must be sure Treena. They have a machine that will show whether it's a boy or girl. I shall set an appointment for us."
Treena folds her arms. "I will do no such thing."
"You have to Treena, we must know if this is true. It will be just you and I and no one else must know about this."
"Why must you believe this story? I shall have my baby and raise her here where she will be a child of this world."
"Do not fight me on this Treena, we are going."
We...we must find out."
 
Treena, now six months pregnant, lies on a hospital bed as the nurse moves the ultrasound transducer over her lightly inflated, gelled stomach. Jessa stands next to Treena and watches the screen.
Treena, a bit nervous, asks, "What is that sound?"
"What sound?" asks the nurse.
"I don't know...kind of a high pitch. It hurts my ears. Don't you hear it Jessa?"
"I hear...something."
The nurse explains, "This machine emits high frequency sounds which shows us what your baby is but...they're inaudible to human ears. Look, your baby is forming an image."
All three stare at the monitor as an image forms. Jessa wrings her hands.
"Jessa, stop, you know what it's going to be."
The image is now complete, the nurse smiles and announces, "Congratulations Treena, you're having a baby boy."
Treena gasps and passes out. Jessa gasps, covers her mouth, sits in a chair, passes out. 
The nurse stares at both of them as she quietly says, "I guess they wanted a girl."
 
Treena and Jessa sip coffee and munch on mini cookies at an outdoor table on a restaurant deck.
Treena, somewhat dejected, declares, "This means I must return to Atargatis Island. I will be safe there."
Jessa warns, "No Treena, this is what he wants. If you return to the island you will have nowhere to hide...you'll be trapped. At least here we can make it more difficult for him to find you."
"Why do you think that Jessa? He easily found us before."
"Because there are places he cannot sense, places he cannot see."
"Like what? A prison cell?"
"No, no, that would never hold him."
"Then let him be swallowed and trapped inside the belly of a whale."
"Nooo, he would shoot right through his side."
"Then he should be eaten by the sharks."
"Not a chance Treena, he controls the
sharks." she pauses. "Let me talk to Louis, he may be able to help."
"And I shall talk to Brandon. After all, it's his child too."
"There is one other thing...it's about Brandon."
Treena sighs. "What is it?"
"It is written, that once the male child is confirmed...then...uhhh,"                                     
"Get out with it!"
Thanos appears again. "Then the father must die."
Treena and Jessa both jerk, startled by Thanos, who stands next to their table.
Thanos cocky, gloats, "Did I not tell you what your child would be?" he pauses, grins. "Thank you, I will have a seat."
An icy Jessa replies, "You are not welcome here."
"What do you mean, the father must die?" murmurs Treena.
Thanos butters a piece of bread. "The father must die to complete the cycle of the child becoming our leader. There must be no other male blood related to Kreios or else he cannot fulfill his mission of liberation." He nibbles on a bite of bread.
Treena asks, "Kreios? Who is Kreios?"
Jessa answers, "Kreios comes from Kreion, it translates into master and ruler."
Thanos pops a cookie into his mouth. "That shall be your child's name."
"That will never be, I will not name him that."
"It matters not what you name him, he shall be known as Kreios. He will lead us to freedom and we will slowly reclaim what we have lost through hundreds and hundreds of years."
Treena firmly replies, "I will take him away, we will hide where you will never find us."
"Do what you want but you cannot change what was prophesied, and written, by our ancestors...so long ago."
"I will fight you...you shall never have my baby!"
Thanos pops another cookie into his mouth, smiles. "You just don't get it Treena. You are merely the vessel delivering our leader to us. When Kreios is born, I will be there to take him."
Jessa, confused, asks, "Why Thanos, why do you do this? We are happy as things are now."
"Did humans complain when there were no computers? Of course not, because they didn't know how much it would improve their lives. But now look at the human race, they cannot live without their precious computers. Kreios is the computer for our kind."
Jessa cynically replies, "You will make up any story to justify the evil you want to do. In fact, you are so blinded by that evil you cannot see the dark hole you are dropping all of us into."
Treena jumps in. "Like a millionaire Jessa, just like we talked about. They're never happy unless they can get more and more." 
"You two are either very foolish or very blind." he leans forward. "Do you not know how many of our kind live on unseen islands? They cannot venture out because humans will catch them. They would put them in a circus or lock them in a tank of water to be studied by scientists. This is not how our kind want to live." he pauses, "This is not how I want to live."
Thanos stands pops another cookie into his mouth. "I love these cookies. This is so exciting! I can't wait for our world to change. You are truly blessed by the Gods Treena."
An excited Thanos prances away.
Treena retorts, "I feel so, so, vulnerable. Like I can do nothing to prevent this...like I'm totally helpless."
"The first thing I must do is talk to Louis and you must talk to Brandon. His life will be in danger."
"I could not bear losing him at this point. He has shown me a new world, a new life. He is the father of my child, he is the man I love, he must not die." She pauses, stares at Jessa. "So you are saying you believe what Thanos has predicted?
"I only remember what our Gods prophesied...it was passed down to us through the years. What Thanos did not tell you is that if all of us are brought together, we, we being all of the women, will we become nothing more than slaves to the merman. We shall lose our freedom and be stranded on an island serving our masters."
"That's not what I will do. Never, I tell you, that shall never happen to me."
"You will have no choice Treena. This is what was prophesied, this is what was written." Jessa pauses. "There is an old woman we must talk to, she is one of us. She may be able to help because word has spread she knows all that happens in our world."
"I feel confident Brandon will know what to do."
"I think for now we must keep this to ourselves. Let us talk to the old woman first."
"How do you know of this old woman?"
"There are others like me and you that live in this world. We do not contact each other for fear of being found." she pauses, contemplates. "But this child changes all of that."


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


Brandon swims laps in their pool while Treena, who relaxes in a lounge pool recliner, reads a book titled 'MYTH, MYSTERY or TRUTH?' Brandon swims near her and leans over the pool edge.
He asks, "So did you find anything interesting in there?"
Treena smiles. "Yes, I found out that I'm just a myth, that I don't really exist."
"A lesson well learned my love. Don't believe everything you read."
"But how can they say that when humans have reported seeing us for hundreds of years?"
"Because, if you are seen and captured, the government will lock you in a cage and study you. They would have the public believe there is no such things as mermaids."
"So you're saying there are people who turn into wolves during a full moon? Wolves that look for humans to rip their throat out?"
"No, that's a myth."
"What about human like creatures who drink human blood and live forever?"
"Another myth."
"And these creatures they say they captured back in 1947, in Roswell, New Mexico?"
"We're not sure about that one. Many believe it was creatures from space, others believe it was just a government cover up."
"But yet we don't exist even though I'm sitting
right here. Then why do they sell these kinds of books?"
"To make money from people, like yourself, who do or don't believe. If I wrote a book about our trip to your island, and I wrote of fighting Sirens and pirate spirits, no one would ever believe it."
"This is all very confusing to me. I..."
Out of nowhere, Thanos appears at the end of the pool, ambles toward Brandon. Treena spots him, jerks upright. Brandon sees Treena jump as turns his head and spots Thanos.
Brandon starts to climb out of the pool. "Who the
hell are you and how did you get in my backyard?"
Thanos extends his hand, points it toward Brandon, who freezes, unable to move.
Treena angrily says, "What do you want Thanos?"
"I told you what must happen to a male who carries the same blood as Kreios."
Thanos extends his hands toward the water. Light electrical rays pop into the water as Brandon's body shakes, then turns into convulsions.
Treena pleads. "No Thanos, please, please, do not harm him."
Slowly, Brandon passes out and slips under the water. Treena moves toward the pool, Thanos extends his hand to her as she freezes in place.
"I told you what must be done Treena. Do not forget, this is what is written, and so...this is what come to be."
Thanos ambles back the way he came, his body evaporates into mist. 
Treena screams! "Nooooo! Nooooo!"
She jerks free, dives into the pool and pulls Brandon to the steps and drags him out. She lowers her ear next to his lips.
"No! Please...Nooo!"
She jerks her head around frantically, hoping to see a sign, anything. Finally, she closes her eyes, concentrates. A few seconds pass as her eyes pop open. 
She leans down, puts her mouth on Brandon's, blows. Nothing. She blows harder and again, no reaction. She blows into him three times more. Finally, she leans up, watches and waits for Brandon to show any sign of life.
After what seems like an eternity, Brandon's eyes pop open, he coughs up water, chokes and coughs up more water. Treena turns him on his side. He sits up.
"What happened?" a confused Brandon asks.
"You don't remember?" Treena replies.
"No. Nothing."
"Someone tried to kill you."
"I feel like I died."
"You did but I brought you back."
"Why Treena, why does someone want to kill me?"
Treena smiles. "Have a seat, I'll get you a beer."
"Better make that a twelve pack."
Treena prances away as Brandon moves to the round lounge table. He shakes his head as Treena sets a twelve pack on the table. 
Brandon grins. "I didn't mean that literally."
Treena, a bit confused, replies, "Why would you ask for something you don't really want?"
Brandon smiles, "Sometimes you're just...uhhh, forget it. So, who was that blonde-haired freak who tried to kill me?
"His name is Thanos."
Brandon listens as Treena explains who Thanos is.
"This is why he tried to kill you."
Brandon sighs. "And I can see now he won't stop...I'm screwed Treena...dead." he grins. "It is kinda cool our son is the savior of all mermaid kind."
"It doesn't work that way. Can't you...can't you sense the evil?"
"I think I just had evil almost kill me."
Brandon stands, moves next to Treena, rubs her stomach.
"I will protect our baby boy with my life."
"I know you will my love."
"Treena, do you have any idea how special you are? Think about it...of all the mermaids in the world, your Gods have chosen you to bring this child into the world. Do you have any idea how special, how amazing that is?"
"Don't be too excited about it. What if it's all a made-up story about a man child ruler? What if it's just a baby boy who lives a normal life?"
"Then I will thank the Gods even more."
 
Jessa and Treena stand outside a small wooden house. They inspect the house, unsure if it's the right one.
Treena's eyes scour the house. "I can't tell if that's her house, it looks like it could be anyone's."
Jessa adds, "I was given this address by one of those who visited her...this has to be the one."
Treena points to a corner of the window. "Look, in the corner of the window, a sign."
Jessa stares at it. "It's small, she doesn't want anyone to see it."
They creep close to the sign.
Jessa reads, "Lorelei's Treasures. Let's see what treasures lie in here."
Slowly, Jessa turns the doorknob and pushes the door open.
"Hellooo. Is anybody here?"
Annabelle answers, "I'm right here my dear. Please, come in."
Jessa glances at Treena, they step inside and close the door.
Annabelle sits behind a desk. She looks to be in her fifties, partial grey hair pulled into a bun. She wears a long, hippy type gown, sandals and beautiful pearls. 
The room is filled with green plants of all varieties. A wood-carved picture of a mermaid hangs on the wall. A large aquarium is filled with a variety of fish and small seahorses. 
Treena moves next to it and stares. "I love seahorses."
Several small seahorses move to the glass Treena looks through. They all swim in place, staring at her. She places her fingers onto the glass causing the seahorses to rush to her fingers.
Annabelle smiles. "Apparently, they quite like you too." she pauses and glances at Treena's stomach. "I see you are with child."
Jessa answers. "Yes, she is, and I've heard you can help us...help us decide what to do."
Annabelle asks, "You are of my kind, are you not?"
Jessa smiles. "Yes...we are."
Annabelle looks to Treena. "And you my dear, you carry a baby boy...do you not?
"How is it you know of this?"
"Nothing happens in our little community that does not eventually make its way to me." she pauses. "So Thanos has been in contact with you."
"Yes. He has already tried to kill my husband."
"And you saved him. He is like a lion stalking his dinner, he will not give up until the kill. But your husband, he is not a normal man. Is he aware of this?"
Treena grins, "Yes, he has always thought there is something special about him."
"And I think the God's would agree with you, he is very special. Please...sit."
Annabelle sits behind the desk, Treena and Jessa sit in two chairs in front of the desk.
Annabelle continues, "So you are the vessel of Kreios, the predicted savior of all the mermen and mermaid species."
"This was not of my choosing." 
"The Gods have chosen you, dear child. There was nothing you could do to stop it."
"If only I had known, I would have never come to this place."
Jessa asks, "Since you seem to know everything, let's get to the meaty matter of all this. What will happen when the child comes of age to fulfill his destiny?"
Annabelle, in a matter of fact voice, answers, "Thanos will take the child a few months after he is born. He will teach him the ways of this world, then he will train him in the ways of our world. He will instruct him how to control the creatures of the sea, from the lowly crab to the great giant whales. Once he has done that, he will advise him how to control the animals of this world, from a pet dog to the most ferocious lions." 
Jessa grins. "Yes, we'll name him animal man."
Annabelle continues. "Once he has learned how to control the world's creatures, he will lead an attack upon all humans of this earth. He will be sixteen years old when he begins this journey. He will have thousands of mermen to help lead the animals. The humans of this world, those who survive, will be pushed into small quadrants, much like what our species live in now. Fate can be like a ferocious animal because the humans will live the way we do now, and we will live like the humans. Our species will again control the world."
"And what about us, the mermaids of the world?" asks Jessa.
"You quite well know the answer to that, don't you dear?" she sighs. "We will become servants, kept alive to serve the mermen and continue their bloodline."
Treena, feeling a bit overwhelmed, asks, "And what if my son never reaches the age of sixteen?"
"There is only one way he can be stopped. He must be killed by his mother or father. This is why Thanos tried to kill your husband." she pauses. "This is why he will try to kill you."
"I must kill my own son?"
"I am sorry Treena...but this is the only way to stop him. He cannot die by any other hand except his blood parents."
Treena stands. "I will never kill my own son." she pauses. "Well, this has been such a nice visit. Let us leave Jessa."
Annabelle then stands. "I'm sorry, I know that's not what you wanted to hear. But there are rules and you need to know..."
Jessa interrupts. "Save it." she coldly says as both hurry out the door.


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT


Thanos strolls on an isolated part of the beach, there is no one else in sight. He wears very nice, casual clothes. Slowly, he strolls, deep in thought. He stops, gazes out to sea.
A large shark fin soon breaks the surface, then another. As Thanos concentrates, more fins appear as they circle the waters. Slowly, Thanos peels off his clothes. 
As he flexes his shoulders and back, small fins start to protrude up and down his spine. He breathes deeply, runs into the breaking waves and disappears.
With his hands extended in front of him, he shoots through the water like a torpedo. As he nears the sharks, slow, his body metamorphoses into a massive, black shark, twice as big as any of the others. He has a white spot above his eyes, the shape of a distorted star. The entire pack of shark's swim deep into the sea.
 
Jessa, Derek, Treena and Brandon sit around Lou's patio table. Lou approaches, sets a tray of drinks on the table.
"Bloody Mary's for all except Treena, you get a virgin bloody mary."
Treena asks, quite innocently. "And why do I get a virgin? Just what is a virgin bloody mary?"
Brandon squeezes her shoulder. "It's one that won't make you fall down honey."
Treena, confused, says, "Sometimes you all are difficult to understand. You men anyway."
Jessa smiles. "It took me a year honey...don't worry, their strange talk will soon become familiar to you."
Lou talks next. "So, are we all agreed Brandon and Treena will rent a house on the west coast of Florida? And you will stay there until after the baby is born."
Treena concurs. "It sounds like a good plan. But what about our house Brandon, what will happen to it?"
Derek answers. "I'll take care of it, no one will even know you're gone."
"And Thanos will never be able to find you." adds Jessa.
Brandon raises his glass. "A toast is in order."
Lou raises his glass. "And what are we toasting to?"
Brandon smiles. "The best part of all this...I'll stay alive."
Everyone clinks their glasses. "To Brandon staying alive."
All chime in, "Here here."
 
Brandon and Treena, now in their rented home on the west coast of Florida, sit on a patio as they drink coffee. They stare at the waters of the gulf of Mexico, which spreads its aqua blue waters directly in front of them. Only sand lies between their home and the water. Treena's baby shows but her stomach is not huge.
Treena leans back in her chair. "I could learn to like it here. So peaceful...so...so..."
Brandon finishes. "Private. It's like our own piece of the world."
"I want a home here Brandon. If not this one, then one like it."
"We'll look after Finley is born. The stork is only two weeks away."
"What is this stork you speak of?"
"C'mon, you know the story. A stork, it's a big bird, flies over and drops Finley in our laps. When he's ready that is."
Treena pokes Brandon and smiles. "You lie to me." 
"You think so? Just wait and see. You remember that pelican back on the island, I think his name was, uhh..."
"Pouch." Treena finishes. "His name was Pouch."
"And do you remember how he took your mothers note to the Queen B into his mouth?"
"Queen B? What does that mean?"
"It means a not very nice person. A very ugly person who makes, or tries to make, others feel bad about themselves."
Brandon scours the waters. He watches as dolphins circle the area, twenty yards from shore.
"Look who's waiting for you."
Treena smiles. "I know, they wait every day until I swim with them."
Brandon stands. "Let's get wet."
He pulls off his t-shirt, he wears a swim suit. Treena wears a two-piece bathing suit. They get up and bounce down to the water.
As they wade into the water, Treena stops, grabs Brandon's head, and blows into his mouth. He grabs her head and kisses her back. 
"Show off!" she jokes.
He grins and breathes deeply. Both wade into the clear blue water and dive under.
Thanos and three other men watch Treena and Brandon from a hundred yards away. Once they dive under the water, Thanos and his men take off their clothes and stroll into the water.
Fifty yards from Thanos sits a thirty-ish mother with her two eight & ten-year old girls. They watch as Thanos undresses. The mother grabs her cell phone as the two girls stare at Thanos.
"You two look the other way. That's not for you to watch."
Reluctantly, the girls turn away from Thanos but the ten-year old sneaks a peek.
Mother scolds her. "Stop peeking!" The little girl turns away as the Mother dials her phone. "Yes, I'd like to report four men walking around naked on the beach."
 
As Treena dives under the water, she transforms into a mermaid. She swims and relaxes, her smile portrays her elated mood to be in her natural state. The dolphins circle around her and Brandon. One approaches Brandon and nudges him in the chest.
Treena sends Brandon her thoughts. "He wants to play with you so grab his fin."
As Brandon grabs his fin, the dolphin's swim into deeper waters as a variety of colorful fish dash around them. Treena and the other dolphins soon catch up. They are five hundred yards from shore.
A large school of redfish approach, circle Treena then shoot away, as if spooked by something. Treena and Brandon, alarmed, scout the area.
Treena stares at Brandon. "Sharks are coming. Quick, we must leave."
Brandon looks to where Treena stares. Fast approaching them are three medium sized sharks and one large shark with a white spot above his eyes. 
Brandon grabs a dolphin fin and they speed back toward shore. Treena and the other dolphins form a protective barrier around Brandon as they rush toward shore.
One of the three smaller sharks catches up with them and swims through the dolphin barrier. Treena panics and wildly swings her arms at the dolphins, then points to the shark.
The shark is only five feet from Brandon as they whisk through the water. He opens his huge mouth, filled with sharp, razor teeth.
As he is about to bite down on Brandon, two dolphins torpedo into his side, stunning him. He floats, immobile in the water. The dolphins, Treena and Brandon stop, turn and stare at the remaining sharks.
The sharks stop and stare. Thanos opens his mouth to expose his giant teeth, then snaps his mouth closed. The sharks swim away as Treena's group make it back to shore.
 
Thanos and his men, the injured man now recovered, emerge from the water. Once chest high, they spot three policemen standing by their clothes with their arms crossed. Thanos glances toward the sky, mumbles a chant. Instantly, all four men are now wrapped in bathing suits. They amble out of the water and approach the cops.
The cops glance at each other as they approach.
Thanos asks, "Is there a problem officer's?"
One officer answers, "Yes, there was a report called in that the four of you were nude on the beach. There are other nude beach area's but this isn't one of them."
Thanos smiles. "Well, as you can see we are not nude. Someone was...maybe, having wishful thinking?"
"I don't know what it was but if we catch you nude you all are going to jail." repeats the officer.
"No problem officer." responds Thanos.
As the officer's walk away. Thanos glances over to the mother who made the call. He smiles and flashes her a wink. Indignant, she turns away.
 
Back at the beach house, Brandon and Treena sit at the kitchen table, sip coffee and stare at the ocean.
Brandon spells it out to Treena, "He's not going to give up Treena. If anything happens to me, you stick with Lou and Jessa, they can protect you as much as anyone."
Treena responds. "But once Finley is born, Thanos will try to kill me. He has magical powers we cannot fight."
Brandon purses his lips. "Too bad the fishead doesn't realize we would never kill our son."
"I'm sorry Brandon...sorry I got you into this. I could have stayed on the island and none of this would have ever happened."
"Are you crazy? Meeting you was the best thing that ever happened to me."
Brandon grabs Treena's hand and kisses it. "Besides, this is my destiny...our destiny, just as it was that I would kill that wacko pirate Pardel."
"But it was not our destiny to have a crazy blond man who has been waiting for my baby for a hundred years try to kill you."
"One's destiny is never written in stone my love. Ours has yet to be written."
Treena points out, "Our baby comes soon,  it is not safe here, we must find a place for the arrival of our son."
She takes his hand, rubs it. "I have a confession to make."
"Jumpin' dolphin fins...what is it?"
"Jumpin' dolphin fins?" 
"Just an expression...go on."
"Today, before we went into the water."
"Yeah, I know, when you blew me...err, blew into my mouth."
"Yes, then, but, I didn't blow into your mouth, I only pretended to."
"That's impossible...I breathed under water."
"What I'm trying to tell you is you did that on your own."
Brandon stares at Treena in disbelief.
"I don't understand, how could that be possible?"
"You remember when Thanos tried to kill you in our pool?"
"Like I could forget that."
"You were electrocuted...I think you were dead."
"I don't feel dead."
"When I revived you, your skin tingled...it vibrated." she pauses. "I just never told you about it."
"That happens quite often when I'm around you."
"It's not funny Brandon. I don't know but...but I feel a change in you. Something has happened."
"I don't feel anything now, but beware...I am becoming a superpower, I will destroy whoever stands in my way, I will crush them with my foot, ground them into..."
"Stop...Mr. Powerpup."
"I'm a bad man!"
"Listen bad man, mother told me about her talk with you."
"What talk? We've had dozens of talks."
"The fact that she thought you used to be someone else, maybe a Greek God, and you've been reborn into what you are now. Do you remember that?"
"Vaguely." 
"It was the day you swam through the lagoon. You swam underwater and held your breath for a very long time. Then you went into the cave of the serpent who eats any intruders." she pauses. "But he didn't eat you. Mother knew then that you were something special, something from our past."
"I always knew I was special."
"Stop Brandon. Do you remember that?"
"Yes, I do. I just thought it was maybe a one-time thing. But then, ahh, never mind.'
"No, then what?"
"I had a dream, Thanos was in it. He told me I used to be Aslop...Asssomething, I don't remember." 
" Asclepius?"
"Yeah, Asclepius, the god of medicine and healing, that's it, that's who it was."
"The fact this was revealed to you in a dream makes sense. You have been chosen by the Gods to father this child because of who you were, and are. But that does not explain why I was chosen."
"I think, as our child is born and as he grows, it will all be revealed to us. I don't know about me being a Greek God even though I will say I've always known I wasn't normal."
"When the serpent didn't eat you, when you learned you could breathe underwater, these things showed you you're not just a normal man...but someone very special."
Brandon hops up, shuffles over next to Treena. He cups his hands around her face and passionately kisses her. "You deserve to have someone very special and...I'm glad it's me."
"And so am I my love. But from here forward, I want you to be aware you have special powers, be aware you're not just a normal human...you're a human who was a God...and you must start to discover...then use, those gifts. The day will soon come when you will need those powers...I will need your powers. Do you understand?"
"I understand I'm a bad man, I will hurt those who try to hurt my family, I will..." Brandon smiles. "I'm a bad man, stay outta my way or I'll..."
Treena holds out her cup. "I need more coffee bad man."
"Yes dear, anything for you."


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE


Annabelle sits behind her desk, Thanos across from her on the other side.
Annabelle sighs. "I have told you everything I told her Thanos. There is nothing more."
Thanos slams his fist on the table. "I want to know where she will give birth to Kreios!"
"I don't know, I cannot see it. I only know she has come back to this area to deliver the child, but where, I know not."
Thanos raises his eyebrows. "Must I give you some encouragement?" He turns to the large aquarium, points to it and rolls his finger. Two seahorses float to the surface.
Annabelle, frantic, pleads, "No Thanos, not them...I beg of you."
Thanos smiles. "Then I shall give you until tomorrow to tell me what I need to know. Otherwise," he pauses, stretches and flexes his fingers. "I will not be as kind as I was today." He gets up, ambles to the door, smiles and leaves. 
Annabelle jumps up and rushes to the aquarium. The other seahorses circle around the two dead ones.
Annabelle's eyes tear up as she reaches into the water and gently cups the two dead seahorses. She pulls her hand out, stares at them as her eyes well with tears.
"I am so sorry my children...so sorry I could not protect you."
She saunters to the desk, opens a drawer, pulls out a silk handkerchief. She gently places the seahorses into the hanky, folds it up. 
She then pulls out a small wooden box, slides the top open. She places the hanky into the box, slides the top closed and sets it on the desk. 
She shuffles back to the aquarium, stands in front, then opens her arms wide. She stares into the aquarium and closes her eyes.
"Et aperi mihi aquas, Ego aperiam oculos meos', I open my waters, Et aperi mihi aquas, Ego aperiam oculos meos".
A cloud of mist engulfs Annabelle as her chants fade away. When the mist disappears, so has Annabelle.
Annabelle has turned into a mermaid twice the size of the seahorses and other fish. A seahorse approaches her, she rubs his head, pulls him close. She communicates with her thoughts.
"This shall never happen again my children. Never again. He will pay for what he has done." she pauses, stares at her group. "He has already destroyed my life one time and I shall not allow him to do it again."
The seahorses gather around, stare at her, eager to hear her story.
Annabelle begins. "My name was Belladine then...I was in love. It was many hundreds of moons ago...the humans called it the fifteenth century."
 
Belladine is a young woman, quite beautiful, in her late thirties, maybe early forties. She has long, dark, flowing hair. She and Peter walk lazily, hand in hand, strolling the gently sloped hills where the waves crash below them.
Peter is in his early forties with dark, shoulder length hair and dressed in peasant rags of the fifteenth century.
Peter tries to explain. "But I am just a fisherman, I barely make enough to support myself yet support another person."
Belladine calmly responds, "And I am but a mermaid but if I am willing to marry you, to change my life, can you not be willing to do the same...for me?"
"You know I love you Bell, but...it just seems so complicated."
"Why Peter? Because I must swim in the ocean at least every five days? This is what you call complicated?" she pauses, folds her arms. "Or are you just making excuses to not be with me?"
Peter stops, turns to Belladine and kisses her passionately.
"I kissed my heart goodbye when I met you. I knew then, as I do now, that I have never been in love like this."
"That's very sweet Peter, very sweet. Worry not, we shall work this out, we shall make our dreams come true."
 
Belladine hums a tune as she cleans her hut and dusts her furniture. She stops at the small kitchen table with two chairs, rubs the back of a chair.
"And this is where you shall sit my love. This is where we will dine together, where we shall share our bread and drink our wine."
A knock on the door startles her. She ambles over, opens it. Thanos stands there, arms crossed, smiling.
Belladine folds her arms. "There is nothing for you here, go away."
Thanos insists. "We must talk." He bullies his way in, walks over and sits in the same chair Belladine had just rubbed.
"Tea please...just a drop of honey."
Belladine ladles hot water into a cup from a kettle warming in the fireplace. She goes to a cabinet, opens the tea jar, fills the holder and slides it into the tea. She grabs a jar of honey and drops it in front of him.
Thanos stares at the cup defiantly. "I asked for honey."
Belladine, defiant back to him, grabs a spoon off the table, opens the jar, dips the spoon and stirs it into Thanos' tea. 
She sits. "What evil have you brought to me?"
"I bring no evil, I come to tell you what must be done."
"And what is it that must be done?"
"You must not marry this peasant fisherman...Peter. The Gods have plans for you and they do not include him."
"The Gods will have to accept Peter as my husband...we are very much in love and, we will marry."
"I cannot let that happen. You are a mermaid, a goddess of the sea and he is a mere mortal. He will never be one of us."
"But this has happened with our kind many times in the past. Why can we not do the same thing?"
"Because the Gods believe you are the vessel who will bear the man child who will lead us to freedom." He pauses, stares deep in her eyes. "And Peter is not the man who will plant the seed. Sooo, you must go."
"Go? Go where?"
"To a new land, a great distance away. There, you will wait to meet the right human who will plant the seed."
Belladine defiantly answers, "Then I shall destroy that which is inside me which would hold this child."
Thanos stands, angry, as he leans toward Belladine. "No...you will not. You will gather your things and leave tonight, never to return, never to see Peter again."
"And if I do not?"
"Then he shall be dead by the time the sun rises."
Belladine drops her head as tears slide down her cheeks.
 
"So you see my children, I was never with a man all these years. I would never have given them the pleasure of a man child after they ruined my life. And Thanos, he will pay for what he has done to me back then...and for what he does to me now."


CHAPTER THIRTY


Derek, Kyle and Lou sit in the waiting room of a hospital, all a bit fidgety, if not nervous.
Lou asks, "So you think having the baby here was a good idea?"
"Actually, yes." Derek responds. "This Thanos fishface would never think we would be so obvious. Besides, there are many other people around, plus the security guys Brandon hired."
Kyle surmises, "I hope you're right, I don't trust anyone."
Derek, thinking out loud, says "This whole thing, mermaids, mermen, this blond-haired freak...I swear, our lives have changed so much since we left the island."
"So, you're sad you're a millionaire?" grins Lou.
Derek answers, straight faced. "Of course not, it's just...just that I have no one. I was going to get married, have a family. But once I got back from the island, it's like all the women want is my money."
"I love it." says a smiling Kyle. "They chase me and I manipulate them. I've never had so much lovin' in my life." he pauses, stares at Derek. "I don't know what your problem is Derek."
Lou nods his head. "Ahhh, to be so young and have your problems...and your money. I feel so sorry for you guys."
Derek raises his eyebrows. "Really?"
Lou stares coldly at Derek. "Not!"

In her hospital room, Treena sits up in bed as she grunts, groans and pushes for the baby to come out. A doctor stands between her legs, his hands rest upon the emerging baby's head. Brandon stands to one side and Jessa on the other side.
The Doctor instructs, "Keep pushing Treena, he's almost out."
Treena pushes, followed by more grunts and groans. Slowly, the baby slides out into the doctors waiting hands. He turns him over to the nurse, who cleans him with a towel. The baby blurts out a loud cry as the doctor cuts the cord.
The doctor, now concerned and serious, looks to Treena and Brandon. "Before you see your son, I'm sorry to have to tell you he has a birth defect."
Brandon and Treena glance at each other. Brandon, fearful of the answer, asks anyway. "What doctor, what's wrong?"
Treena echoes, "What is wrong with my boy?"
"Well, he's normal in every way except..."
"Except what?" quizzes Treena.
"I'm afraid both of his feet are deformed. He has...uhh...he has what looks like fins where his feet should be." he pauses, checks the baby's feet. "Odd indeed."
The nurse has an uneasy look on her face as she wraps the baby in a blanket and hands him to Treena. 
Treena smiles. "You scared me for a minute, I thought it was something serious." Treena smiles and rubs the baby's feet. "Why do you think we named him Finley?"
The doctor and nurse glance at each other in bewilderment.
Brandon reaches out. "Let me hold my little man." He gently takes Finley, snuggles up to him. "The family name shall never die."
In the waiting room, Lou, Derek and Kyle wait to see the baby. All lean back in the chairs and relax. Derek spots Thanos as he mosey's down the hallway toward them. He nudges Lou.
"Hey, isn't that the blond freak they're so worried about?"
Lou glances at Thanos. "Yeah, looks like him."
As Thanos nears them, Lou stands, steps in front of Thanos.
"They can't have any visitor's."
Thanos stares at Lou as Derek gets up and stands next to him.
Thanos firmly replies, "I'm not just any visitor. Sooo, if I were you, I'd step out of my way." Thanos raises his eyebrows and shoots an icy look at both of them. "Things could get real ugly for you two...why don't both of you go ahead and step aside."
Almost as if by force, Lou and Derek take a step backward.
Thanos smiles at them. "You're the two guys who spent time on the island. Let's get together and talk about it some time."
Thanos ambles down the hallway to Treena's room. Two bulky bodyguards stand outside the door. Thanos approaches them as a Bodyguard steps in front of the door, his huge frame blocking it.
Thanos cordially smiles, "My name is Uncle Thanos and I'm here to see my nephew."
The bodyguard folds his arms. "Sorry sir, no one is allowed in there yet."
Thanos waves his hand to the two of them. "Step aside and don't let anyone else in."
The bodyguard nods his head. "Yes sir."
Thanos steps into the room as Treena spots him
and starts to cry out. Thanos waves his hand at her, she becomes quiet. Brandon rushes toward Thanos who waves his hand at him. Brandon freezes.
Thanos shakes his head. "Such hostility." his face turns cold, wicked. "You two listen carefully. I'm not taking Kreios with me...for now. I was anxious to see him. He must remain with you Treena, for two months. He will then have enough strength for our travels." He pauses. "Now, I'll release you two as long as you both behave."
Thanos waves his hand at both of them. They snap out of it, return to normal. Thanos approaches Treena, holds his hands out.
"Please, may I?" he grins. "I won't hurt him...I promise."
Reluctantly, Treena hands him the baby. 
Thanos smiles. "You're as beautiful as I knew you would be." Thanos checks the baby's feet under the blanket, smiles.
"Perfect." he proudly pronounces as hands Finley back to Treena. "You have eight weeks Treena, first, enjoy yourself, then, prepare yourself for what the God's have chosen for you."
He turns to Brandon. "Enjoy your baby while you are still able to."
 
Brandon and Treena, now back in their east coast Florida home, sit at their patio table in the dark with no lights on. Both are dressed casually in shorts.
Brandon holds out his hand, stares at it. "I'm still not used to sitting in the dark."
Treena counters. "Lights on, easy target, lights off, not so easy target."
"He's not giving up. I'm scared Treena. Everywhere I go, I'm looking over my shoulder for this creep." he pauses, "It's just a matter of time before he gets me."
Treena, a bit worked up, responds, "Then let's get him first Brandon. Let's kill him before he ruins our lives...before he takes Finley."
"Right, how do we kill a...a freak spirit over several hundred years old?"
"How did you kill Captain Pardel, a dead pirate?"
"Yeahhhh...that was different. I got no berries for this freak."
"There's someone Jessa and I went to see...she seems to know a bit about everything. Thanos, our world, how things seem to work. I think she can help us."
"Good, you work on that...I'm taking a swim."
"I'm going to check on Finley, then swim with you."
"Naked?"
Treena grins. "Maybe."
Both stroll inside and kiss, then are off in different directions.
Brandon, back at the pool in swim trunks, stares into the pool, where it is so dark he can't see the bottom. "That's just great, there could be a poisonous snake in there and I couldn't see it." he pauses, stares into the dark water. "Here goes nothin'."  He throws his arms out, leans into a dive pose, bends his knees, starts to jump but is held back, he can't move. He turns, Treena holds onto the back of his suit.
"Ohh, so you want me naked too?"
"I sense danger, I'm turning on the pool lights."
Treena rushes over and flips the switch, the pool lights glow. 
Brandon screams, "Arrggghhhhhh!"
Treena rushes back to the pool, gasps, holds her hand over her mouth. In the pool circles an eight-foot shark, teeth like a great white. He stares up at Treena and Brandon, then shoots like a rocket to the far end of the pool. 
Just before he reaches the edge, he jumps out of the water and turns into a giant bird. It "screeches" and disappears into the dark. Brandon and Treena watch him fly away, then turn and stare at each other.
Brandon sighs. "I am so screwed."
 
Jessa and Treena sit across from Annabelle at her desk.
Treena, dejected, says, "We don't know what to do."
Annabelle consoles, "I can't tell you what to do, you have some difficult decisions to make."
"That's the point." Jessa responds. "We don't even know what our options are. Surely you can give us some direction."
Annabelle thinks. "I would say the first thing is to try killing Thanos. If he dies, your son grows up to be a normal merman and human."
"His magic is too powerful, I have seen it." Treena answers. "He can become anything he wants."
Annabelle again counters. "While this is true, the good news is, it is possible to kill him. He can be in any form, human, merman or beast.  There are two ways to do this, both of which are possible...but difficult."
"Tell us of that which is possible." Treena asks.
Annabelle leans forward. "You get the poison from a boxfish, it's called ostracitoxin. You mix it with any type of drink and he dies. He has no defense against this poison."
Jessa sighs. "As you said, possible but difficult. Where do we find this boxfish?"
"The most toxic of this kind you will find off the coast of Hawaii. Once he drinks it, he will die within five minutes."
Jessa exhales a frustrated sigh. "What's the second way?"
Annabelle looks down, then, slowly, raises her head. "The second is much more difficult. The berries are found only on Atargatis Island. You're familiar with the Dragon berry, also known as pirate berries?"
"Is this the berry Brandon ate to fight with the pirates?" Treena asks.
"Yes. It's fatal to his kind but only one way. The berries must be mashed into a juice, then a sword or knife must be soaked with this juice. Once it is dry, Thanos must be stabbed with this sword."
Treena nervously asks, "That is the only way? He has to be stabbed?"
"Yes, within twelve hours of when the berry juice dries."
"So how would we ever get him back to Atargartis Island?" asks a confused Jessa.
Annabelle responds. "I fear this is where he will take your son, this is where he will teach him to be the leader of our race." she pauses, "You know the island is invisible to man's modern machines. He can teach your son without fear of man's interference."
Jessa asks, "And how is it you know this? Did you have a dream?".
Annabelle answers, "I do not know this for sure. It's just that...that it makes sense to take him there."
A concerned Treena says, "But my mother, my sister, so many others will be in danger if he goes back."
Annabelle agrees. "Yes, this is true, he has the power to control all of them. It will be the beginning of our bondage."
Treena murmurs, "We are all doomed for destruction."
"There is another way." Annabelle says.
Jessa, by now getting a bit frustrated, asks, "And what is this way?"
"Treena must kill her son. Everything would remain just as it is now."
"I cannot kill my son. He is part of me, my body, Brandon's body. Our blood flows through him, we are the ones who brought him into this nightmare."
Annabelle again warns, "Should your son live until he turns sixteen, he will bring great destruction upon this world. He will be responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths." she pauses, "slowly, the Human race will perish. Those that do remain will serve the new masters." she again pauses, stares at Treena. "Would you rather be responsible for these deaths?"
"I know how important all your fish and seahorses are to you." Treena counters, "Would you agree to this? Would you kill them?"
"They are like my children. They actually communicate with me."
Treena pushes, "You didn't answer my question. If you were in a situation such as I, would you put them all to death?"
Annabelle sighs. "I don't know what I would do Treena, but, if human survival depended on what I did...I would have to put them to death." she lowers her eyes. "But I would die with them...I could not go on." Annabelle's eyes well up. She walks over to the aquarium. "Thanos killed two of them." she rubs the glass. "They grieve with me."
Jessa, a bit annoyed, asks, "Then what must we do to get your help before he comes back again?"
"I am an old woman and an even older mermaid. My magic has dwindled over the years. I can be of no help to you. Where once I could turn a shark into a crab, now I'm lucky to even catch that crab."
"But if you come back to Atargatis Island with us," Jessa says. "Your powers could be restored."
"I'm sorry Jessa, this is an adventure I do not want to take. Just let an old woman die peacefully, here...in my home, with my children."
"But Thanos knows you are a threat to him if you come back to the island." Treena warns, "He will try to finish you here."
Annabelle replies, "I am no threat to Thanos, he has no reason to come back here."
"This is not true Annabelle, you are the only link between the old world and the new world." Jessa pleads, "You know things...things that could hurt him, slow his quest for Finley." she pauses, "You must help us Annabelle."
"This has tired me. Please, it's time for you to leave."
Jessa and Treena stand, walk to the front door. Jessa turns and says, "We are not through Annabelle."

Brandon and Treena sit at the patio table in their home. Finley sits in a baby carrier on top of the table. Treena rubs his head with her hand as he talks with baby goos and gahs.
Treena smiles at him. "He is so beautiful...how could all of this happen?"
Brandon purses his lips, "I don't know Treena...maybe we were never meant to be together. Maybe all of my dreams of destiny and being a leader were nothing more than a setup to bring Finley into the world."
"Nonsense. Your fate...and mine, was sealed when you left Bermuda on the Mystic. Don't you see Brandon, this was all meant to be."
"You mean, so, uhh... I could die? Is that what it's meant to say Treena?"
"No, I don't believe that, I don't believe you'll die."
"Well, the white-haired fishface albino executioner has other ideas on that."
Finley coos, seems to point to the water.
Treena scans the pool. "He's pointing to the water. I think he wants to swim. Do you want to swim Finley?"
Finley coos and giggles.
Treena smiles. "Such a smart child."
"Yep, a chip off the old block."
Treena asks, "Are you getting in?"
"No, I'll man the life preservers."
"Don't be silly." she counters.
Treena gently picks Finley up, ambles to the pool, steps and slips into the water. Brandon walks to the pool edge as Treena, with both hands under his back, lowers a giggling Finley into the water.
Treena turns into a mermaid as she lets go of Finley. Finley kicks his legs as he swims on his back. He turns over onto his stomach and slides under the water.
Brandon panics. "Watch him Treena, he's going to drown!"
Both watch as Finley's legs transform into a merman's fins. He swims under water as he circles the pool. Brandon and Treena stare at each other in disbelief.
Finley dives out of the water like a dolphin, then back under. He swims a bit more, then circles Treena. He rubs her tail with his. She pulls him out of the water and gently kisses his cheek. "Enough for one day, little man."
Brandon watches Finley cry as Treena leaves the water and dries him off. "You are the bomb little man!"


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE 


Six sharks swim around a craggy underwater mountain. The mountain is covered with various underwater plants and sea life. The sharks circle the mountain as they look for an opening.
The lead shark spots a large, sunken Spanish rowboat, smothered through time with barnacles and plants. Behind it sways a wall of seaweed. The lead shark swims through the seaweed as the others follow.
They enter a darkened tunnel with just enough light to see. As they swim, after about fifty yards, a giant green eel, big enough to swallow a whole shark, lunges out from a cave and stops in front of the sharks. 
The sharks stop, float a bit backwards as he grits his razor-sharp teeth. The eel moves to the lead shark, sniffs him, snarls, then retreats back into a cave.
The sharks continue to the end of the tunnel where rays of light glow from an open body of water above them. As the sharks reach the surface and stick their heads above the water, they transform back into human form. 
Their bodies are covered with fifteenth century garments, plain tunics of wool tied at the waist. Leggings and sandals complete their dress. 
Thanos swims the short distance to shore, the others follow. The cavern rises to a height of one hundred fifty feet. The inside of the mountain is craggy and barren with no vegetation.
A huge man, Glaukos, sits in a huge throne. He wears a colorful robe, a golden belt and holds a huge trident. He is ten feet tall with a long face and scraggly beard that has never been cut. He has bristly eye brow's and his copper green hair and beard drip with light droplets of water. Under his robe, a breastplate covers his chest, pieces of seaweed hang from the top. From his waist down, he is a fish, covered with scales down to his tail, which is split enough so that he can walk like a man.
The throne is on a rock with steps cut into it. To the right of the throne is a long wooden dinner table and benches.
Beyond the table sit a kettle above a campfire, surrounded by round stones where flames flicker the bottom of the kettle. Behind the throne, several tunnel openings shoot off in different directions. 
The table is set for seven, adorned by ancient pieces from many wrecked pirate ships. A woman, Lisette, stirs the kettle with a huge copper spoon.
Thanos marches to the bottom of the throne and bows. "Greeting Glaukos, I trust the water flows in your direction."
Glaukos nods. "The water changes direction often Thanos. Speak to me of Kreios, the savior of our race."
"The child grows strong my lord. I will be taking him soon." 
"Your news brings joy to my heart. All of you, sit, and we shall feast. Lisette, prepare the food."
 
Glaukos sits at the head of the table. Thanos and his men sit three on each side. They drink wine, eat cooked, large fish with the heads still on.
Thanos, curious, asks, "But you were once just a human fisherman, were you not?"
Glaukos nods. "Yes, this is true."
"I have heard two different tales about your transformation and am curious to know which is true. The story of the herb, which brought the fish back to life, or the hare and the spring?"
"Since eating the magic herb I have been confined to the sea. I can never walk the earth or breath the air. I was a merman at first but have evolved into what you see now." he sighs, "But, I long to feel the rays of the sun warm my skin, I yearn to taste the salty air as it fills my lungs...I want to walk the earth as a man...one time before I die."
"And Kreios is the only way?"
Glaukos pauses, peers down, then, slowly, looks back up. "There was a woman, a very beautiful woman who was also a mermaid. When I was a human and fished the seas, we became close. We were to be married...I, I would never have become what you see now." he again pauses, "but she disappeared. I searched the land and the seas...but she was gone. She is the only one who could allow me to again walk the earth as a human, but now I fear that shall never happen."
"But Kreios will once again give you the power to walk the earth...to breathe the fresh sea air you so desire."
Glaukos, a bit irate, says, "And are you not aware of your fate should you not be successful in converting Kreios?"
"I will not fail my lord."
Glaukos, now irritated, shouts, "Answer my question!"
"Yes, I am aware. I will lose my powers, become mortal, then die."
"You have much to do Thanos, much to accomplish. Eat, rest, then take your men and get the child. Where will you take him?"
"Atargatis Island. There I shall have the freedom to teach him the ways of the sea and the ways of the land. We will remain unseen by those of the world, those who will soon become our servants."
Glaukos wonders. "Atargatis Island...hmmm. Is that not the resting place of Arianna of Tyrreus?"
"Yes, there is a small group who have inhabited the island for many hundreds of moons."
Glaukos warns, "I would be cautious with her kind. Their powers were once mighty, said to be more powerful than yours."
"They have become weak because they no longer use their power. They will easily fall under my control."
"And how is it you know this?"
"Captain Pardel...before he was killed by the human."
"It was said he and his men roamed the island as spirits." Glaukos muses.
"Yes, but that was before he was killed by the child's father. He and his men were driven off the island."
Glaukos raises his eyebrows. "The child's father? He is a man of great powers?"
"No, he is a human with only human powers. He will soon rest on the ocean floor."
"Watch yourself with him Thanos. He may be only human but when he killed Captain Pardel, he gained new powers, strong powers."
"This I know, but this he does not. There was talk he was once a Greek God who was banished by Zeus...but, I think this is all child's talk."
"Let us hope this is only child's talk. Go now, and
begin your quest. I want to see the child once a year, he shall know me and I him. Then, when he is ready, we shall strike, and make our mark upon this world."
 
Brandon, Treena and Finley sit at the patio table, Finley in a stroller. 
"You ready?" Brandon asks.
Treena, apprehensive, responds, "I don't know Brandon, he could be out there. He's made it clear that he's hunting you."
"Would you have us be prisoners in our own home? Never leave? I'm not going to live in a climate of fear Treena, whatever happens we'll deal with it."
"I guess you're right...it's not like we live a normal life anyway. It reminds me of something mother said. When I was little and afraid of everything, even shadows, she said 'bury your fear behind a face of courage, even if that face be false.' Once I understood that, I was no longer afraid of fear."
"Sound advice from a very wise woman."
Treena jumps up, grabs the stroller. "Let's go."
They stroll down the sidewalk, talking, enjoying being outdoors on a sunny, warm day.
Brandon speculates, "How are we ever going to find shoes to fit on his feet...err...fins. Is that what they are Treena, fins? Maybe we'll call them fineets."
"Don't be silly, they're his feet, call them what you want. We'll find something to fit him."
"No matter what, he is a king. My royal blood flows through him, he will master and conquer whatever obstacles face him. And why is that you may ask? The answer is because I am a former Greek God with royal blood flowing through my veins. Now, that royal blood..."
Treena stops him. "And all because of you, right? I have nothing to do with it?"
"Well, you did give him his fin-feet."
"I know, all the credit..."
Abruptly, the stroller jerks forward and out of Treena's hands.
"Is yours...what's happening Brandon? Grab his stroller...hurry!"
The stroller speeds up, Brandon and Treena start to run after it as Finley laughs. The stroller rounds a corner and shoots down the sidewalk, too fast for them to catch it.
Treena screams. "Finnnnleyyyy!"
The stroller rounds the next corner as they chase it. Once they reach the corner, they frantically scan the area.
"He's gone Treena...gone."
Treena sobs. "Nooo...nooo, he's taken our baby. Go after him Brandon, now! Run till you find him!"
Brandon sprints down the street, turns the corner and sees the stroller, the back of it facing him. He smiles as he calls out, "Finley!" He runs to the stroller, pauses, turns it to him. The stroller is empty.

Annabelle sits behind the desk at her house, Treena and Jessa in front, facing her. 
Treena is frantic. "I don't know what to do, you've got to help us...we have no idea where he's taken my baby...all I know is this is killing me, he was with us, then, he was gone. I'm telling you...I..."
Jessa rubs her shoulder. "Calm down honey, let Annabelle talk."
Annabelle leans forward, folds her hands. "Do you not remember the last time we sat together? Do you not remember what I told you then?"
Jessa responds. "Yes. You said he may...may, take him back to our island."
Annabelle sighs. "He's taken him back to Atargatis Island."
Jessa calmly asks, "How do you know this...for sure?"
"I dreamt it," responds Annabelle.
Treena calms down a bit. "You saw this in a dream?"
"Yes. He took him to the island, to teach him how to be a leader, how to rule over everything on this earth."
Jessa purses her lips. "Yes, that makes sense. He goes to an island that no one knows is there, an island no one can see, even with their modern machines." she pauses, "But my family, and many others, live there."
"Yes, and my mother and sister. What are we to do?"
Annabelle's response is pragmatic. "You must go there. Everyone on that island is in great danger. They will need your help." she pauses. "Finley will need your help."


CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO


The Mystic sails along on clear and calm blue sea. Brandon, Treena, Lou, Jessa and Derek sit at the galley table. The guys drink beer, the girl's soda, all munch on wings.
Brandon asks, "So what exactly was Kyle's problem?"
Derek responds, "What else...a woman. He wanted to bring her, I didn't think it was a good idea. So, he stayed behind. Would you agree with that Brandon?"
Brandon munches on chips. "Totally. Did you get Sean's snacks?"
"Twizzler's, Doritos, Reece's Pieces and Little Debbies. He'll be in Heaven after all these months."
"Steak and beer...that's all I would want."
Treena smiles. "Steak and beer is all you would want? Don't fib my sweet, you think I don't know about the ding dongs hidden in the cabinet? The ones you sneak down and eat at two thirty in the morning."
"Whatever." Brandon takes a bite, pauses, "So how do you know about them?"
"If you washed your milk glass I would never suspect anything."
Derek smiles, "Busted buddy. But yes, I have plenty steak and beer."
Jessa comments, "You two make this sound like we're going on a picnic. You know Thanos will be in control of everyone there, right?"
Brandon grins, "Chill my little fish. All this food is for after we rescue everyone and get rid of shark face. Then we celebrate."
Jessa questions, "Do you really think you can defeat him that easily?"
"We beat pirate spirits, we can put down this blond shark face."
Jessa warns, "He is a very powerful merman and human as well."
Brandon stands, puffs his chest out. "He is powerful?" he moseys around the table, "I am powerful. I have dueled with the best and beat them. Lest you forget, I have also killed their captain. My blood flows in the savior of their race. Fish face has tried to kill me and I have survived. He is the one that should be nervous, not me...I will destroy him." he smiles, "after all, I am now a superior physical specimen. But my mind, my brain, will outwit him, my intellect will defeat him...if I haven't already rammed a sword through his gut."
Treena claps, "You are truly my hero."
Derek states, "You are truly full of crap. Besides, you stole my line."
Jessa sternly says, "Enough of your self-serving adoration Mr. Wonderful. We must all be ready to battle with a very powerful person."
Brandon holds his fist out. "I'm a bad man!"
Lou stands, drops his napkin on his plate. "Enjoy your fantasies but be ready to fight reality. I'm going to bed."
Brandon gets in the last word. "Yeah, we'll see who goes from stud to dud."
 
Now back on Atargatis Island, Brandon sits in a portable, ancient pirate jail in the dinner area. It has bars on the front, top and sides while the back is wooden.
Derek is in a jail next to him, Treena and Jessa sit at the large wooden dining table. Lou is absent, he has stayed on the Mystic to protect her. 
Sean stands in front of Brandon. He pops Reece's Pieces into his mouth. "Man, I can't thank you enough for these. And the Twizzler's...you're the bomb man."
Brandon asks, "When are you going to get me out of here Sean?"
"No can do. You're his prisoner and if I help you, I'll be right in there next to you."
Brandon stands and grabs the bars. "How far back do we go Sean? Who rescued you from that siren witch? Who killed dead pirate spirits so we could all go home? Who Sean?"
"Yeah, that was you but it's a different scene now. Thanos is in control. If we don't do what he says, he'll toss us in the water and use us as shark bait. What good would I do you then?"
"About as much good as you do me now." Brandon fires back.

Arianna, Tina, Treena and Jessa sit at the table, alone.
Arianna says, "So he forced everyone but us to go to the island of the Sirens, Erato." 
"What about the sirens, they allowed that?" asks Treena.
"The siren's abandoned the island after Nemeritias was killed. The island was empty."
"Why did he allow you two to stay?" asks Jessa.
"He knows me from the old world." replies Arianna. "Besides, he uses us to do the work."
"But Sean helps him...so why has he turned against all of us?" asks Treena.
"We know not the answer to this." Tina responds. "One minute, Sean is normal, the next he seems to be under some kind of spell. We both fear to tell him anything or do anything that would make him angry."
Arianna rubs Tina's shoulder. "Until we know more, we just wait. We shall wait until the time is right to move against him."
"And my baby?"
"He keeps Finley away from us." responds Arianna. "We think he teaches him things at his hut...deep in the woods, where we cannot approach him."
"But Finley is only six months old. What can he learn at this age?" asks Treena.
"Finley grows much faster than a normal child." adds Tina, "he has the mind of a five-year old. 
"And how do you know this?" quizzes Treena.
Arianna responds, "Thanos has brought him to us three times to show Finley's progress. Thanos' arrogance is sickening. He thinks Finley grows because of him."
"But is that not true?" asks Treena.
"No. Finley grows because he is a special child. He sees things no one else sees, hears things no one else hears."
"How do you know this mother?"
"I'm not sure why, but...our thoughts are often one, what he thinks, I seem to hear. I communicate with him...he with me."
"Like...how? Give me an example." asks Jessa.
"Okay, let me think. Let's say...let's say he's in the water and sees a strange fish, he asks me what it is. The same on land, if he sees something he doesn't know, he asks until he understands. He asks me why he is with Thanos and not his mother." she pauses. "He asks about his mother and father...why they let him be with Thanos." she sighs, "He seems confused...about everything."
"And what do you tell him? I mean about me and Brandon?" asks Treena.
"I tell him I do not know, it will be revealed to him. I fear if I tell him what Thanos is doing, he will shut down, maybe even die. I do not want to scare him."
Treena's eyes well. "Ohhh, my poor baby."
 
Thanos sits at the dinner table, a cup of rum in front of him. Finley lies in a giant clam shell, cushioned by layers of dried seaweed and plants. Finley coos and gahs as he plays with a strand of pearls.
A giant fish cooks over the campfire, tended by a beautiful woman, Krista. At the table with Thanos sits Brandon, Treena, Jessa, Arianna, Tina, Sean and Derek. They passively watch Thanos.
Each has a place setting in front of them. It's difficult to tell if they are under a spell or locked in place. Brandon glances at Treena. 
Thanos stands. "I want to thank all of you for being my guests tonight. I say that even though you have done nothing but try to kill me...but have failed. Our destiny, mine and Kreios', begins tonight. For tonight is the last night all of you shall walk upon this earth. For tonight, you will take your last breath."
Brandon snaps back, "Don't be too sure of that old man."
Thanos pops a scallop/sand dab into his mouth. "The sand dabs from here are better than those in Miami." he stares at one, pauses. "Think what you like but, I would advise you all to enjoy this last dinner together." he pauses, turns to Arianna, "Arianna, do I not speak the truth?"
Arianna looks down.
"Well...there you have your answer. Krista, serve the soup to our honored guests."
Krista fills a large pot with soup from a huge pot that hangs over a fire. She walks to the table and starts to dish the soup for Thanos.
"Please...serve our guests first."
Krista dishes soup to all.
Thanos stands. "Eat and enjoy. I'm going to check our meat." Thanos walks away as Treena turns to Brandon.
"Are you ready?"
"Treena...honey, I don't think I can do it."
"You must...or we will die along with all of mankind."
Brandon's eyes well, Treena squeezes his hand. As Thanos returns, Brandon slips a dagger from the back of his waist. The chain around his foot slips off. Brandon jumps onto the table, raises his dagger with both hands above Finley.
Brandon shouts out, "Forgive me my son."
"Noooo...stopppp!" Thanos cries out. He shoots his fingers toward Brandon. Brandon, unaffected, just smiles back. 
Before anyone can act, Finley, in his shell, shoots off the table into the water. His shell skims across the water surface, then stops abruptly.
Jessa, confused, asks, "What sort of magic have you done sister?"
Arianna nods her head. "It is not I who performs this magic."
Jessa turns to Tina. "Tina?"
"Nor I." she answers.
Brandon muses, "Well then, who the hell..."


CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE


A frantic Thanos runs and dives into the water. Finley's shell turns over, he slips into the sea and disappears. As Thanos swims, he changes into the large shark with the star symbol above one eye.
Brandon hops off the table, hurries behind Derek, circles his finger, then rushes behind Sean, circles his finger at the chains as they slip off.
Derek eyes pop open. "How the hell did you do that?"
Brandon grins. "It's something I've been working on."
"You have any more tricks up your sleeve?"
Brandon smiles, points, "Derek, go."
Derek jumps up, runs down a trail.
Brandon continues, "Swords in place Sean?"
Sean pats under the table, "Swords in place boss."
Brandon turns to the women. "Girls, are you ready?"
Arianna glances at Jessa and Treena, they nod.
Derek returns and drops berries in front of Brandon, Sean and his seat.
Brandon picks one up, holds it out. "Down the hatch boys."
Each slide the berries into their mouths and swallow.
Sean pumps his fist, "By the time they come back, we'll be ready to kick some butt."
"Let's just hope they work the same as they did with the pirates," observes Sean. "if not, we fight with our natural skills."
Brandon turns to Derek. "Then we could be in trouble. How long ago did you coat my sword with the berry juice?" 
Derek checks his watch. "We have one hour left."
Brandon grins, "We are team Mission Impossible."
"And what is that you speak of?" asks Tina.
Sean smiles. "It's a movie honey...a movie where the good guys win."

Glaucus, in his underwater cavern, sits on his throne, eyes closed, trance like.
His eyes pop open as he stands. "It has begun. Lisette, bring me my armor."
 
In the waters of the cavern inside Atargatis Island, Annabelle sits on a huge seahorse. She holds her hands out as Finley swims to her. Thanos, now a large shark, swims furiously toward the two of them.
Finley reaches Annabelle as she grabs him and slips him into a harness she wears. Surrounded by four dolphins, they bomb away like a speedboat through the tunnel to the open sea. The water brightens as the tunnel ends and they enter the surrounding waters. Ahead of them, five sharks block their exit. Annabelle slows, each direction blocked by a shark.
Thanos has turned from a shark into a merman and approaches a helpless Annabelle. 
He stops in front of her, stares for a bit as he shoots her an evil eye. "I warned you about interfering Belladine."
"You cannot do this Thanos, you will destroy all that is good on this earth."
"It will lie upon Kreios to decide what is good and what is not. That decision is not mine...or yours."
"You lie Thanos, when you are done with him he will only be a puppet to your wishes."
"Why Belladine, you give me way too much credit." he holds his arms out. "Hand over the child."
Defiantly, Annabelle wraps her arms around Finley as Thanos overpowers her and wrestles the baby away. As he swims away, a shark swims like a torpedo to Annabelle, plunges into her and the seahorse. Both are knocked through the water where they float, unconscious and helpless.
A second shark swims to them, mouth wide open for the kill. At the last moment, two dolphins blast into it's side, paralyzing him. 
All four dolphins place themselves in front of Annabelle in a protective shield formation. The sharks snarl but follow Thanos back into the tunnel.
Thanos holds Finley as he steps out of the lagoon water and trudges to the table. Four men, dressed in ancient Greek attire, emerge after Thanos, follow him and surround the table. Brandon and the others still sit where they were before. 
Thanos stares at Brandon. "You will learn to accept what is destined."
Brandon snarls back, "And you will learn that one's destiny can quickly change."
Thanos waves to his men. "Lock him back in his place and find his dagger."
Two move to each side of Brandon. The first man bends down to check Brandon's feet. Brandon grabs his head and smashes it against the table. The man collapses next to Tina.
The second man grabs Brandon from behind, Brandon jumps up, somersaults behind the man and smashes his head into the table. The man collapses next to Treena.
Sean and Derek stare in wonder at Brandon. 
Sean exclaims, "Who the hell are you?"
Brandon puffs up, exclaims, "I am the trouble you fear, I am the fear that troubles you, I will smash..."
"Okay Tarzan, enough." says Derek.
Brandon points to the swords as Sean and Derek quickly slide them from under the table. As they do, the third and fourth man pull swords from their sheaths. 
Thanos sets Finley down, slides his sword out and points it at a fast approaching Brandon. 
Brandon's sword is stained light red with berry juice from the tip to twelve inches in. He points his sword toward Thanos. "Are you confident enough to fight with no magic? Or do you lack the skills to duel with me?"
Thanos grins, "You fool! I need no magic to defeat you. You are a weak human, weak in every way." he pushes his sword toward Brandon. "It is now time to prepare for your death!"
As Sean and Derek clash swords with the other two men, Brandon and Thanos swing away at each other. Brandon holds his own. Thanos, a bit surprised, grins.
"I see you ate the berries and your sword is prepared for my death. Berries or not, it will be your life, not mine, that ends here."
They continue to pound each other as they move, swing and battle around the area. Brandon pauses, "Not that I need them against you."
The two fallen men next to Tina and Treena stir, they start to stand. Both Treena and Tina simultaneously grab the heavy bowls in front of them and smash them into the men's heads. Both men drop as the girls high five.
Arianna waves her hands to the girls, the chains drop from Treena, Tina and Jessa. Treena grabs Finley from the shell and starts to run into the woods.
Thanos and Brandon both see her run at the same time as both pause their battle. Thanos slides a knife from his waist and before Brandon can act, hurls it at Treena.
Brandon screams, "Nooooo!" as he helplessly watches the knife. As if in slow motion, the knife spins and hurls toward Treena and buries itself in her shoulder. Treena drops several feet from the dining area, careful to cushion Finley.
Arianna, Tina and Jessa rush to Treena. Tina comforts Treena as she rubs Finley's head. 
"Pull the dagger from my back, I must finish what we started."
Arianna refutes her, "No Treena, we can keep him safe."
Treena, resolved, shouts, "Give me the dagger...now! It must be done!"
Hesitantly, Tina slides the dagger from Treena's shoulder as Treena grimaces in pain. Treena gently lays Finley on the ground as Tina hands her the dagger.
Derek and Sean both have their opponents pinned to the ground, sword tips indent their necks.
As Brandon watches Treena fall, he goes a bit berserk. He doubles his blows on Thanos, who retreats to the water's edge.  As Thanos backs up, Brandon swings upward and knocks Thanos' sword from him. Thanos is shocked as he backs up a bit more.
Treena rolls onto her side, raises the dagger high in the air.
Brandon raises his sword for the kill.
Thanos cowers. "Stop! We can work this out!"
Brandon grins. "That's exactly what I'm doing!"
Brandon slams his sword down on Thanos but before it reaches him, Thanos is jerked backwards, flips in the air and disappears under water. Brandon's sword slashes into the water as he scours the area for Thanos.
Treena plunges the dagger downward but at the last minute, Jessa grabs her arm and stops her. 
Treena moans, "Noooo! I must do this!"
Jessa blurts, "Thanos has fallen!"
Treena glances at Jessa as Brandon runs to them, kneels next to Treena. "Are you okay Treena?"
"I'll be fine." Treena answers. "Is it true Brandon, has Thanos fallen?"
Brandon, still a bit short of breath, replies, "I think so, he disappeared into the water."
Treena drops the dagger, cradles Finley as tears fall. "My son...my son."
Arianna helps sit Treena up, then pulls a small cloth pouch from her pocket. She sprinkles powder into her hand and spits on it.
Brandon makes a face. "Eewwwww, nasty."
Arianna smiles, "Shush." and rubs the spit and powder together. She rubs it on Treena's wound and in a very short amount of time the wound disappears. 
Treena smiles. "Thank you mother."
Brandon says, "I could make some money with that back home. Arianna, you think I could..."
"No...I think not."
They all turn and stare at the lagoon as bubbles rise and pop on the water. As they watch, the bubbles get bigger and bigger. The water swirls as the giant bubbles pop and produce huge waves and swirls.
Brandon wonders, "Oh no...what now?"
Treena glances at Brandon then back at the water. "He is returning."
Before anyone can act, Glaukos lunges from the depths of the water, waist high. He glares at the group, reaches under the water, yanks Thanos up and holds him by his pants in the air.
Derek glances at Brandon, "Get ready to fight the jolly green giant."
As the guys stand and raise their swords, Arianna waves her hands for them to stop. They lower their swords.
A dripping Glaukos sludges to the dining table, drops a lifeless Thanos onto the ground. 
Arianna approaches Glaukos, stops in front of him and smiles. "Glaukos, it has been many moons. How are you?"
Glaukos bends down, pecks her cheek with a kiss. "You look as lovely as ever my dear. Time has been good to you." he pauses, "May I see the child?"
"Of course, let me get him."
Arianna approaches Treena, puts her arms out as Treena squeezes Finley.
Arianna smiles, "Give me the child...Glaukos is an old friend."
Reluctantly, Treena hands Finley to Arianna. She approaches Glaukos and gently sets Finley in Glaukos' outstretched arms. 
Glaukos grins. "So this is the savior child. He's such a pretty little baby. You're so pretty aren't you? Talk to me little man." Finley coos and gahs at a smiling Glaukos. "Great Zeus can that boy smile. What's that you say?" asks Glaukos, who holds his ear close to Finley. "Yes. Yes. I know you really like me." Glaukos beams at the others. "This is one smart child!"

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR


Everyone sits at the dining table. Glaukos hands Finley back to Treena as the others shoot confused glances at each other.
"But I don't understand." says Brandon.
Glaukos responds, "You're the father?"
"Yes, I am."
"You changed destiny when you tried to kill your son. You showed your love for the people of this earth by being willing to sacrifice the child you love. You were willing to pay the ultimate price." Glaukos pauses and smiles. "The God's were touched." he glances around, then stares at Arianna. "Rum...I need rum."
Arianna grabs a bottle and pours the rum into a goblet, slides it to him. "How is it that you can now breathe the air of this earth?"
Glaukos sniffs it, takes a small sip. "It's been a long time." he utters as he downs the rum.
"The air?" Arianna again asks.
"Ahh, that. Yes, it was always my wish to breathe the air and walk upon the earth again. I had a little help with that." he shouts toward the water. "Belladine!"
Everyone looks toward the water as Belladine, also known as Annabelle, slowly emerges from the water and ambles to the table. She stands next to Glaukos, rubs his shoulders.
Jessa, shocked, asks, "Annabelle?"
"Yes dear, it is I."
Jessa is confused. "I'm sorry but I don't understand."
Glaukos cuts in. "I shall explain. This is the woman I was going to marry hundreds of moons ago when I was a mortal man...but she disappeared. As a result of that, this...this is what I became." he pauses, stares at Annabelle with a hurt look on his face. "Why my love...why did you leave me?"
She points to Thanos. "Because of him."
Glaukos glances at Thanos. "Him? How is that possible?
"Yes, it is true. He was jealous of you. You see my dear Peter..."
Arianna interrupts. "Peter?"
"Yes, Peter was his human name." Annabelle glances at Glaukos. "If I did not leave, he was going to kill you."
Glaukos glares wickedly at Thanos. "You scoundrel dog!"
"I was left with no choice but to leave."
Glaukos, both surprised and saddened, responds, "I never knew."
Annabelle rests her head on Glaukos' shoulder. "I have missed you so. Even though I felt cursed by love and lost my way so many times, I never stopped following my heart."
"As did I." replies Glaukos. "I prayed to the God's for this day...prayed we would be reunited" he pauses, stares at Annabelle. "Do you have them?"
"They have never left me. As long as I still had hope, I kept them by my side."
Annabelle pulls a wrapped, rolled cloth from her waist pouch. She sets it in front of Glaukos and unrolls it. It is a small bunch of what looks like wheat stalks.
All glance at each other in confusion. Glaukos picks up the stalk, first sniffs it, then stares at it. He turns his stare to Annabelle.
"Is this what you want? A mere, mortal man, with no powers?"
Annabelle smiles, "This is what I have always wanted."
"Then so be it. Step away."
Glaukos eats the stalks as quickly as he can. 
"Burrrrrppppp!"
Brandon grins. "That was a winner!"
Glaukos grins as a fog surrounds him until he can't be seen. The fog swirls a bit, thickens, then gets lighter. It instantly evaporates. All jerk, then GASP!
In the chair now sits Peter, the fisherman. He is in his forties, dark, shoulder length hair, dressed in peasant rags of the fifteenth century. It is stone, dead quiet.
Peter stares at his hands, his legs. He stands, feels his hair. "Is it I? Is it Peter?"
Annabelle has changed into a much younger woman, mid-forties, like Peter. She is beautiful. Tears roll down her cheeks.
With a weak voice, Annabelle responds, "Yes, my love, it is you."
They hug. Brandon stands and claps, the others follow. Brandon wipes a tear from his eye as he whispers to Treena, "Now that's love."
Thanos, who has laid motionless on the ground, jumps up and confronts Peter with an icy stare.
"You are a fool! You just proved all humans need to be controlled by us."
He slaps Peter, which knocks him a few steps back. Peter rubs his cheek, lunges at Thanos but he grabs Peter around the neck with one hand and lifts him off the ground as Peter chokes.
The others stand and stare in shock, frozen, afraid to move.
Thanos coldly stares deep into Peter's eyes. "Get it now Peter? You are a fool! When you changed back you gave me all of your powers. I cannot be stopped!"
Brandon rushes Thanos who shoots his free hand out to Brandon. A light ray slams into Brandon, who jerks backwards and plops onto his back. 
Thanos stares at a struggling, choking Peter, who is almost passed out. "You are no longer worth it."
He throws Peter to the ground. Annabelle rushes to him, kneels, pulls his head onto her lap. Thanos strolls to Treena who squeezes Finley tight. His eyes turn into a bright shade of red as he stares at Treena. As he holds him arms out to Treena, she obediently hands him Finley.
Thanos grins, "We have destiny to follow."
He sets Finley in the clam shell on the table, grabs it and strolls into the water. He looks back, smiles, turns and dives in.
All look helplessly at each other. 
Brandon grabs the berry-soaked sword. He stares at Peter. "Will this work in the water?"
"Yes." Peter answers.
Brandon turns to Derek, "How much time do we have left?"
"Fifteen minutes."
"More than enough." agrees Brandon.
Brandon slides the three-foot sword into a sheath, then slides the sheath down the inside of his pants. He clips it onto his belt.
Treena says, "I'm coming with you."
"No, it's too dangerous."
"Do you forget when I said that to you? And what did you do?"
Brandon rolls his eyes.
"That's right. Hurry, we're wasting time."
Both run and dive into the water as Treena turns into a mermaid. Six dolphins swim to them. Brandon grabs a fin and the group shoots into the tunnel. Soon after they hit open water, Brandon and Treena catch up with the sharks. Finley sits in his shell, strapped on top of a shark. He laughs as he jerks his arms up and down.
All four sharks turn and face Brandon and Tina. Slowly, the lead shark, Thanos, who looks like a great white except he's black, moves toward Treena and Brandon.
Treena stares at Brandon, sends him her thoughts. "Brandon, don't, he'll kill you."
"It was always going to come down to this baby...me or him."
Thanos turns and watches as Brandon swims away from Treena.
Well away from Treena and the dolphins, Brandon stops, waves his hand to Thanos to come to him.
Thanos starts slowly toward Brandon but picks up speed and now moves quickly. As he nears him, Brandon smiles and remains still. Thanos opens his giant mouth and snaps his teeth as his jaws open wide. As Thanos reaches him, at the very last second, Brandon spins upward, pulls his sword and stabs Thanos as he swims underneath him. Thanos' shark body jerks and shakes as the sword hits its mark. As he floats, Thanos' shark body turns back into a merman. Blood pours from his wound. 
He sends his thoughts to Brandon. "I should have killed you when you were twelve years old."
Brandon stares at Thanos. He drifts back to when he was twelve years old and confronted by a merman.
 
1988
An empty thirty-foot boat rolls on the waves of the open sea. Underwater, Brandon, a semi-chubby, short hair, nerdy looking twelve-year old, scuba dives with his father in a clouded sea, his dad swimming only three feet away. They cannot see more than fifteen feet in front of them. His father taps him on the shoulder and points to the surface. Brandon nods his head as his father swims upward. Brandon starts to swim but jerks as a large fish shoots toward him from the side. He stops as the fish quickly disappears. 
In front of him, he spots a large, dolphin like tail. Intrigued, he swims toward the tail but it stays far enough in front of him that he can only see it flap. He kicks his feet harder, tries to catch up to see more of the tail but, it again disappears. 
Brandon tires and slows down to rest. Suddenly, the hazy, muddy water starts to clear, almost like a fog lifting to expose a city. As he watches, he sees the tail gently move with the current. 
As the foggy water becomes unclouded, he sees a pair of hands, then flowing blond hair and, as the water completely clears, a horrendous looking merman. His lower torso from his waist down is a dirty green, scaly covered fish tail. From the waist up he's a man, not quite a normal man, but with a man's features. 
From his forehead to near the back of his head, he is bald but covered with round, shell like spots scattered around his scalp to his ears. His thick, blond hair starts near the back of his head and is shoulder length. His ears are large and pointed, his nose wide and flat. His webbed hands have long, thin fingers with razor sharp claws. 
As they stare intently at each other, the merman appears instantly floating in front of Brandon. 
He yanks Brandon's mask and breathing device off his face and slings it through the water. Brandon just stares at him but doesn't move. He has no trouble holding his breath or seeing clearly. He inspects the sea around him, shoots a slight grin as he realizes he can see and hold his breath so well.
The merman snaps his full mouth of razor sharp teeth at Brandon, like he's going to bite him. Brandon remains motionless, unafraid. The merman roars, waves of water toss and jerk Brandon around, but he regains his composure instead of being gripped by fear.  He again stays in one spot, eye to eye with the merman.
The merman inspects Brandon, head to toe, with his black eyes. He moves his head close to Brandon, sniffs his chest area, swims to his back, sniffs more. He swims around to the front of Brandon, stops, curls his lips so his teeth are exposed, then shoots through the water like a torpedo and disappears.
 
Brandon returns to the present. "Why didn't you kill me back then?" 
Thanos replies, "Because you were a child...because I was weak. But because, most of all, I knew you were to become the father of Kreios." 
Thanos shoots an empty stare at Brandon. Slowly, he sinks into the deep waters and disappears under his trail of dark blood. 
Brandon swims back to Treena and both swim to the three watching, passive sharks. None of the sharks move as Brandon unstraps Finley. He hands Finley to Treena and they head back to the tunnel, followed by the dolphins.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE


Everyone sits at the dinner table celebrating the victory over Thanos. Rum and wine flow freely as they munch on a variety of appetizers.
Derek asks, "So Brandon, let's talk about your little magic tricks you all of a sudden seem to know. What's going on?"
"I'm not sure." replies Brandon. "Ever since Thanos told me I used to be a Greek God, I've felt I could do just about anything."
"But that was in a dream, was it not?" questions Derek.
"Dreams are a vision not only of the past, but also of the future." answers Arianna. "Dreams tell us many things. If you don't listen to them, if you don't interpret them, then you lose what could be your edge in life."
"So", Brandon asks. "So if I dream I'm going to win the lottery, you're saying I'm going to win?"
"I know not what this lottery is." says Arianna.
"It's like, you buy a ticket for a dollar hoping to win a million dollars." adds Lou.
"Did you dream you won this lottery Brandon?" asks Arianna.
"Actually, yes. I've dreamt it several times in the past and guess what? I won nothing. But I don't dream it anymore."
"Maybe you need to interpret your dream differently." Arianna says. "Do you now have your millions of dollars?"
"Well, yes, but that's not from the lottery."
"But the result is the same, is it not?"
"Yeah, I guess it is," muses Brandon.
"As I said before, learn to interpret your dreams."
"Point made." Brandon responds. "You're dead on as usual Arianna."
Finley, on the table in a huge padded clamshell, coos and giggles. Treena kisses him on the cheek and hands him a rib type bone with the meat cut off of it. Finley takes it and sucks on the end of the bone.
"Isn't that dangerous?" asks Jessa, "giving him a bone he can choke on?"
"Not at all." replies Treena, "it's way too big to hurt him and he finds great pleasure in it. Besides, it keeps him quiet." she leans down to Finley, "doesn't it my little one?"
Finley laughs as he sucks on the bone.
"So, you all ready to head out tomorrow?" asks Lou.
"I'm anxious to get back. I kind of miss the meals, my swimming pool and my home. Have you thought any more of coming with us mother?" asks Treena.
"Yes sister, I wish you would join us." adds Jessa. "There's so much more to do and see, you would love it back in Miami."
"My place is here, with the other women. I'm going to bring them back from Erato and we'll start over. I feel I have a responsibility to take care of them. Besides, you all know I love it here."
"You're going to get bored with us not around." says Brandon. "No more pirate fights, underwater fights, in fact no more fights at all."
"Somehow Brandon, I think I can learn to live without those things."
"You're coming, right Sean?" asks Brandon.
"As much as I want to, my place is here, with Tina. I've kind of grown accustomed to this lifestyle." answers Sean.
"That's like saying you've grown accustomed to prison. I'm not saying this is prison, it's not, but when you get out, you remember all the things you missed. I think maybe you've forgotten that." lectures Brandon.
"No, I haven't," answers Sean, "but after we lost our child, we were determined to try again." Sean puts his arm around Tina. "And now that Tina carries another child, we're staying."
Arianna's eyes pop open. "You are with child Tina?"
"Yes mother, I wanted to surprise you."
Treena jumps up, rushes over and hugs Tina. "That is so exciting. I'm so happy for you two."
Sean adds, "Maybe after our child is born, we'll think about coming back to Miami. But, until then, we're anchored here."
Brandon stands and holds out his rum mug. "A toast to the new family addition. Congratulations you two."
All hold out their drinks and chant "Congratulations."

Earlier

Brandon returns to the present. "Why didn't you kill me back then?" 
Thanos replies, "Because you were a child...because I was weak. But because, most of all, I knew you were to become the father of Kreios." 
Thanos shoots an empty stare at Brandon as his black eyes turn to grey. Slowly, he sinks into the deep waters and disappears under his trail of dark blood. He sinks and sinks into the deepest depths of the ocean as he fades in and out of consciousness. As he sinks and waits for death, he utters to himself, "May the God's forgive me for my failure in bringing Kreios to his destiny. I ask for your forgiveness...if only I had one more chance...may the God's forgive me."
Thanos hears a voice in his head. "And what would you do differently if you had one more chance Thanos?"
Thanos looks around. "Who is that? Who said that?" When there is no reply, Thanos dismisses it to his dying. 
He lands and lays on the sandy bottom of the ocean. It's a bit dark but clear as he glances around at his surroundings. In the distance, he sees a large school of shark's swim toward him. As they reach him, they swim circles around his dying body.
"Thank you my brothers, for being with me while I pass to the next world. You are more comfort to me than you will ever know."
As Thanos' eyes flutter open and closed, the sharks line up on two sides, forming a path to Thanos.
Again, Thanos hears, "And what would you do differently if you had one more chance Thanos?" 
Thanos, now delirious, mumbles, "I would protect Kreios from all those that try to interfere. I would..."
Thanos closes his eyes, his body convulses, then becomes still. He is dead.
His soul rises from his body, floats upward and stops. He stares down at his body until the ground shakes. Below his body, a giant crevice opens up and his body is sucked into it. 
He screams, "Nooooooo!" 
He shoots into the crevice as it closes above him. As he spirals downward into the depths of the Earth, flames shoot out and burn his body. He tries to move away from them but he's in a tunnel and cannot escape. As he plunges downward, he passes creatures that snap at his body. He passes Centaurs, Gorgon's, the Lernean Hydra, the Chimera and Harpies, all snapping at him. 
He grunts and screams as he drops deeper. The flames are intense, but he now seems impervious to them. He passes round jail cells imbedded in the sides of the tunnel where devil like creatures reach out for him, snarling and snapping their teeth.
As he drops, he transforms back into Thanos, the blond-haired human, but he doesn't notice the change. He sees dirt ground fast approaching him from underneath. His feet slam into the ground, his body falls flat. He stares at his surroundings, wondering where he is. After a few minutes, he finally sits up.
He spots a disheveled, homeless looking man standing next to a river. Thanos squints because it is nearly dark, like just after the sun sets and the sky darkens. He stands, lumbers over to the man.
"Where am I?" Thanos asks.
"You are at the entrance to the underworld, the final resting place for those who failed to see the signs of change in their world." the man responds. He points, "You see, across the river, those gates?
"Yes, I see them."
"Once you cross this river, you will enter those gates where Hades will determine your future."
"Is Hades not the brother of Zeus and Poseidon, the ruler of the underworld?"
The man turns and stares at Thanos. "Yes, that is he."
"Are you not Charon, the one who will take me across the river?"
"Yes, I am." Charon is disgustingly dirty, his skin is mostly covered with dirt but light spots where his skin is not as dirt crusted. His eyes look like jets of fire are shooting out from them, his un-kept beard hangs bushy and ragged.
"Do you have something for me?" asks Charon.
"I, I don't know. What is it..." asks Thanos as he starts to move his mouth but instead swallows and almost chokes. He opens his mouth, juts his jaws out, grimaces, then reaches into his mouth. From under his tongue, he pulls out a coin.
He stares at it, then hands it to Charon, who inspects it. "Is this what you were looking for?"
"Yes, your cost to have me take you across this river to your destiny."
As Charon stares at the coin, it starts to turn red. It gets hotter and hotter until Charon screams out and throws the coin into the river.
"What is it...what happened?" ask Thanos.
"You cannot cross now." Charon turns back and faces the river. "Until you have a proper burial, you cannot enter the underworld. You must return from where you came."
"But I..." Thanos protests as he disappears.  

From a distance, a figure slowly swims toward Thanos. The sharks back up a bit more as the figure nears his body and stops next to an unconscious Thanos, who has transformed back into a merman, and stares at him. He places his fingers on Thanos' chest and closes his eyes. Small electrical charges pop between his fingers and Thanos' chest. Thanos' body jerks. A large electrical current, resembling a lightning bolt, shoots into Thanos' chest. Thanos' body jerks again and convulses until his eyes pop open. He stares at the figure over him. His vision is blurred but as he stares, his vision clears.
"Glaukos?" he shouts out. "How can this be?" Thanos sits up. "I was dead...I don't understand."
"You must experience death before you can be reborn. The God's let you die so you will know your fate should you fail again to bring Kreios to power. You are being given a second chance, one that the God's never bestow upon their servants. But if you fail, you will serve eternity in the fiery hell of the kingdom of Hades."
"I will not fail this time my lord. I know all the God's are depending on me. We will once again rule this Earth. We shall control all of the world's animal's and be served by the humans. By then..."
"Quiet!" Glaukos bellows out. "I have heard enough of your chatter from the past, I need not hear it again."
"My lord, how is it you have returned as Glaukos? The human fisherman, Peter was you, but now that he's  human again, how is it you are again The great God of Glaukos?"
"The God's have chosen another human to take the fisherman's place, a man who will not cause any suspicion upon being missed. I, and I alone, now control who Glaukos is...and what he does. The human is trapped in here, controlled by me. He will not be released because I will never die. Are you ready to begin your quest?"
"Yes, my lord, I am ready."
"Then let us talk about the father of Kreios."
"Yes, he became a problem I did not expect."
"That is because his powers grow. He gains his strength because he was the former God, Asclepius. He is aware of his former self but still does not believe he possesses these powers. You must act before he becomes aware of this. You must act before he becomes aware of the powers he possesses. The only way this can be achieved is by you taking over the body of someone he trusts. This way, he will suspect nothing and allow you to become close to him. When he least expects it, you will snatch Kreios from him and disappear into our world."
"But who am I to become? How do I take over their body, their senses?"
"This you must decide on your own. Once you decide, you must tell no one, only the God's will know."
"But if..."
"Enough!" barks Glaukos, "begin your journey now. Use your senses, use your experience." he expresses as he stares deep into Thanos' black eyes. "Bring Kreios back to us."
Thanos watches as Glaukos turns and swims away, where he disappears into the dark waters.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX


SIX MONTHS LATER

Belladine and Peter sit on the patio in the back of Belladine's house. They sip wine and snack on cheese and crackers. A cigar burns in an ashtray next to Peter. He sips his wine then puffs the cigar. Slowly, he exhales.
Belladine smiles affectionately, "You've grown quite fond of life here."
"It's not just here, it's the modern times we live in. You, my love, are used to it, but to me, it's like living in a fantasy world. I walk around in shorts, sandals and what you call a t-shirt. This t-shirt can even have pictures of anything I want on it. I eat food I've never tasted before and move around in a carriage that even the fastest horse cannot keep up with. Yes, I love it here, there are so many wonders to behold.
He leans over and kisses her. "But most of all, I love it here because I am with you."
"Yes, our lives have taken a strange path to be here today. But we have new friends, I have my children...and we are together. Not just together, but our bodies, our souls, we are one." 
Belladine looks down, then back up to Peter. Peter takes her hand and asks, "What troubles you my love?"
"It doesn't trouble me but it's something you should know. Because I am a mermaid, I will not age. My body won't get much older, it will stay the same as I am now. Your body is going to age Peter, it's going to age twice as fast as a normal human."
"Don't be ridiculous, look at me, I look the same as I did five hundred years ago." 
"This I know but you've only been in this world and away from Glaukos for a hundred eighty moons Peter. Look at your hair, it's already turning grey."
"Yes, I saw that in the mirror and thought, 'time is making a few changes on me'."
"I have spoken of what will happen to you and will not speak of it again. Nothing will change my love for you. I have waited hundreds of moons to lie with you and now, we'll be as one for as much time as we have left."
Peter gently takes her hand, kisses it. "I too, shall cherish whatever time I have with you."
Belladine glances at her watch, "It is time to leave for Brandon's, he's expecting us at two."

Waiters dressed in old pirate costumes scurry about Brandon's large patio set up for dinner near the twenty by fifty-foot saltwater pool. Manicured lawns and beautiful, exotic plants decorate the grounds all the way to the ten-foot high cinder block wall that surrounds the entire estate.
Two tables pushed together are covered with black tablecloths and set with all fifteenth century table ware. 
Each setting has dinner plates, silverware and goblets from old pirate ships. Ancient jugs of rum sit among the settings. Out of place crystal wine glasses sit in front of each setting along with open bottles of wine. 
Brandon, in typical Florida wear of shorts, sandals and t-shirt, directs the waiters as he sips rum from a goblet. Treena peeks her head out of the sliding door.
Brandon waves to her, "Hurry up honey, everyone will be here any time."
"I just have to get Finley and I'll be right out." she responds as she disappears from the door."
A few moments later, Lou and Jessa arrive. Brandon and Treena rush over and hug them.
"Looks like quite a party." Lou says.
"Yeah, almost a celebration for Atargatis Island." Brandon responds. He points his hand at a group of waiters, "I even brought the pirates." 
 
Later, the table is filled with Brandon's friends. Derek and a date, Leah, sit next to Lou and Jessa. Kyle sits alone across the table, Brandon sits at the head with Finley next to him in a high chair and Treena next to him. Next to Kyle sit Belladine and Peter.
A roasted pig spins over a charcoal pit.
Derek asks Brandon, "I thought you said Joshua was coming."
Brandon checks his watch. "He should have been here a half hour ago. He's bringing someone with him."
"Joshua's a good man. I hope he's found someone. I..."
Joshua's smiling face pops through the sliding glass doorway as he survey's the group. He shouts out, "Save some of that rum for me!"
"Joshua!" yells out Derek who jumps up and hurries to him. Brandon follows and they all hug.
Derek asks, "I thought you were bringing someone."
"I have mahn." says as he Joshua extends his arm inside the house. Slowly, he leads Trista outside.
Derek and Brandon are momentarily frozen as they glance at each other and stare at Trista. She looks beautiful with her braided hair and flowing white beach dress.
"You gonna just stare with your mouths hangin' open or you gonna give me a hug?" Trista kids.
"Oh, sorry, of course." Derek says as he hugs her. "I can't believe it's you."
"I'm in shock," Brandon says as he hugs her.
"I wanted her to be a surprise. I know she met you boys before you left Nassau," Joshua responds.
"I couldn't be more surprised if I saw Nemeritias swimming in the pool." responds Brandon.
"Hello Trista."
"Who said that?" Trista asks as she glances around.
"I did," says Kyle as he steps out from behind Derek.
Trista's face flashes a huge smile. "Kyle, so good to see you again." They embrace, holding each other for a bit longer than a greeting hug.
"Can you sit next to me?" Kyle asks.
Trista grins, "I'd love to." 
Derek pats Joshua on the shoulder. "Let me introduce you to my dad, his girlfriend and two very special people."
 
Later, they all sit and eat dinner. Several separate conversations flow as an occasional laugh breaks out. Two waiters stand behind everyone, ready to get whatever someone runs out of.
A waiter approaches Trista, grabs a wine bottle and holds it out. "More wine madam?"
"I think I'll switch, why don't I give that rum a try." He grabs the jug and pours just a bit. Trista takes a sip while he waits. "How old is this rum?" she asks the waiter.
He whispers, "I've heard it's three hundred years old."
"I believe that, fill her up mahn." The waiter pours the rum and hurries away.
"So how has your life changed since your father returned?" asks Kyle.
"Well, it has, and it hasn't."
"I'm listening."
"My father is the same humble man he was before he was captured. The gold hasn't changed him that much, but we did move into a nicer place."
"So, you like the new place?"
"Yes, it's beautiful. I think the biggest change is the people we know and many we don't know. Since he came back, he has more friends than ever but, most have their hands out. They need this, and they need that and they say Joshua, mahn, my babies sick, can you help me mahn?"
"Yeah, I'm here to testify, they come out of the woodwork."
"This one mahn, he come to papa, he's cryin' an actin' like a little girl.  He tells papa his baby is sick and he needs help to buy medicine. Papa thinks for a moment, says to the man, 'Aren't you Eddy, that live down by the hardware store?' He says, 'yeah, yeah, that be me mahn.' Papa says, 'and your wife name be Mary?' He says 'Yes sir, that's me, err, that's us.' Papa laughs and says, 'You didn't have no baby last week so, what kind of story you tellin' me mahn?' The mahn stutters and says 'Well, sir, uhh, there is a baby but it's not mine, it be my sisters.' Papa laughs and says, 'Go away an don't bother me again.' We still laugh about that one." 
"What about you Kyle, what you be doin' with all that money?"
"I have a similar situation only it has to do mostly with women. They all want to go out with me now because I have all this money. I wasn't so popular before, in fact women would hardly talk to me. So, I've just learned to navigate my way through the stormy waters of women." Kyle pauses, "Uhh, what about you Trista, you, uhh, seeing anyone special?"
"Am I seeing anyone...yes. Anyone special, uhh, no. We are a poor country and the men will do just about anything to hook up with someone who has money. I tell you Kyle, it's a plastic world we live in."
"How long you and your dad here for?"
"We go back in five days. Papa wants to see several places in this area."
"Would you...uhh, would you, maybe, want to go out and have a drink one night while you're here?"
Trista looks down at the table.
Kyle says, "Yeah, I guess that was a bad idea."
She grins at Kyle. "Yeah mahn, I'd like that."
"Really?" Kyle says. "I thought for a minute..."
"Don't think too hard mahn, it get you in trouble."
 
"So, Brandon, you have any more trouble with someone trying to steal Finley?" asks Joshua.
"No, he's back to being a normal kid." Brandon answers. "Well, almost normal."
"Normal in our world." adds Peter. "Is he walking yet?"
"Almost." answers Treena. "His feet need special fittings made and we're waiting till he can walk."
"Soo, when will that be?" Joshua asks.
"Probably within the next few months," responds Treena.
"But he can swim like a bomb." brags Brandon. "Honey, let's put him in the pool, show everyone..."
"No, Brandon, this is not the time." Treena answers.
"What be the harm?" Joshua says. "Let the little savior show off."
"I don't think so, maybe later." Treena responds.
Joshua's face turns stern. "I want to see him swim."
"Papa!" Trista barks, "she said no...now leave her be." she leans over to Kyle. "I don't know what's going on with him...he doesn't seem to be his self."
"Maybe he's just nervous being with all of us who went through his escape with him," Kyle adds.
Jessa shoots a look at Treena, gets up. "I'm hitting the ladies room, be right back."
"Wait for me, I'm going with." Treena jumps up as both stroll into the house.
In the huge bathroom, they sit in chairs in front of small make up tables. Jessa folds her arms. "I sense something. It's like when Thanos showed up while we were eating lunch."
"I agree," replies Treena. "something is disturbing the calm nature of our energy flow."
"I mean, that was strange talk by Joshua, like, almost demanding to see Finley swim." Jessa observes.
"And his comment," adds Treena, "calling him a savior? That's really weird."
"Should we be worried?"
"I don't know." responds Treena. "I mean, Thanos is dead and Joshua hasn't even been around, so I don't see..."
She is interrupted by a knock on the door. Treena shoots a glance at Jessa, stands, tiptoes to the door, squeezes it open and peeks through. "Come in."
Belladine walks through, Treena locks the door. Belladine folds her arms and stares at the two of them.
"Do you feel it?" Treena glances at Jessa who responds, "Yes...we do."
"I knew it!" Belladine blurts out. "There's something wrong, like...like, a tension in the air. I don't know what it is, but you must not leave Finley alone. Are we agreed upon that?"
"Of course." Jessa says. "But I'm confused about any danger because...uhh, because..."
Belladine finishes her thought. "Because Thanos is dead?"
"Yes, yes, that's it." agrees Jessa.
"Then why do we feel this way?" asks Treena.
"It's a warning Treena." Belladine answers. "Maybe not so much a warning, but a 'be aware of what's going on around you' type of message...I don't know. Joshua's 'savior' word sent my senses spinning."
"I'm going back out there," Treena announces.
Treena hurries outside, spots Joshua playing and poking Finley. Brandon stands nearby talking with his Lou and Derek, paying little attention to Joshua. Treena rushes over and picks Finley up and out of his high chair.
"We were just playing Treena." Joshua says. "I think he likes me."
Treena cradles Finley. "We all like you Joshua. Finley likes most everyone too."
"Can I hold him?" asks Joshua.
"Maybe later, he's getting tired," answers Treena.
 
As the night moves on, they all sit in the living room, sipping drinks, telling stories.
"Where your little man be?" asks Joshua.
"He's in bed, it's way past his bedtime." answers Treena. "In fact, I need to check on him."
Treena gets up, ambles to the bedroom, opens the door. A black woman, Lizzie, in a white uniform, sits in a chair next to Finley's crib.
"Everything okay?"
"He's passed out to the world." answers Lizzie.
"Let me know if you need anything Lizzie."
"I will mum, thank you."
 
Now around the midnight hour, everyone slows down as they tire. Treena glances around the room, notices Joshua is gone. She hurries into the kitchen then back into the living room.
"Trista, where is your father?"
"I don't know Treena, he said he would be back in a few minutes."
Treena rushes to Finley's room, jerks open the door. "Oh my God! Helllpppp!"
Everyone rushes to the bedroom. Brandon flies through the door and sees Lizzie lying on the floor, passed out. Finley is gone.
"He's taken my son!" screams Treena.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN


Brandon rushes to Lizzie. Trista gasps, covers her mouth.
"My father would never take your son, he has no reason to Treena."
He's been saying strange things all night Trista," responds Treena, "and now he's gone...and my son is gone."
Everyone now crowds into the room and watch as Brandon rubs Lizzie's head. "Lizzie...Lizzie, what happened? Did Joshua take Finley? Did he...did he Lizzie? Please girl, wake up."
Lizzie moans. "Ohhhhh."
"What be goin' on in here?"
Everyone turns to see Joshua standing in the doorway.
Treena and Brandon shoot glances at each other as Lizzie opens her eyes.
"Lizzie, Lizzie, are you okay?" Brandon asks.
"I feel groggy, like I passed out but yes, I'm okay."
"Who took Finley Lizzie...who took him?" quizzes Brandon.
”I...I can't remember," mumbles Lizzie.
Jessa scans the room. "Who's not here?"
Everyone else glances at everyone else.
"This can't be." Brandon says. He turns to Peter. "Peter, where is Belladine?"
"She said she was going to the bathroom, that, that she would be right back." Peter frantically responds. "She wasn't gone that long."
Brandon stares at Treena. "It can't be Belladine...not her, she would never take or harm Finley."
Treena asks, "Then why is Belladine not here and Finley is gone?" 
Silence fills the room. Finally, Peter says, "Unless it wasn't Belladine."
"What does that mean, it wasn't Belladine?" asks Brandon.
"It means," Peter answers, "that someone or something has taken over her body."
"But it was Joshua asking all the questions about Finley." Treena points out. "It was Joshua who called him a savior."
"I said no such thing mahn," Joshua responds. "in fact, I remember nothing about what went on during dinner nor do I remember asking anything about Finley."
"Well, you did papa. You don't remember when I told you to stop?" asks Trista.
"No, my daughter, I remember none of that."
"Whatever was controlling Joshua is probably controlling Belladine." Peter says. "We have to get out and find her before she completely disappears."
"But where do we go, where do we even start?" asks Treena.
"I say we call the police and report Finley stolen," suggests Kyle. "we increase the manpower from just us to the entire Miami police force. Besides, she's been gone less than an hour."
"I like it Kyle," agrees Brandon, "I'm calling them."
 
Two cops, Wilson and Gomez, cruise down a busy Miami street. Wilson glances at the dash clock. 
"Two more hours to go Gomez. You think we can stay out of trouble for two more hours partner?" 
"I hope not." Gomez answers.
"That's about right. My new rookie partner wants some action, he wants to pull over a car load of assholes who pull their guns."
"No, I don't. I'll take a drunk we pull over and make them dance to prove they haven't been drinking." Gomez grins.
"Well, I know..." Wilson stops and watches a car pass by them going the opposite way. "I think that's the car they just put out an amber alert on."
Gomez turns on his lights and skids a U-turn, punches the gas while Wilson calls in the pursuit.
"This is two three two six in pursuit of amber alert suspect heading south on Dixie Highway in a twenty sixteen beige Toyota Camry."
"You got your action Gomez. Now let's get this kid back."
Belladine glances at the flashing lights in her rear-view mirror. Finley sits in a car seat strapped into the passenger seat.  Belladine smiles. "Hold on little man, time for some fun."  She jams the gas pedal down as she approaches an intersection with a red light. She bombs through as cars on both sides with a green light have to slam the brakes on. One car smashes into the car next to them. 
As they fly down the street, two more patrol cars join the chase. Belladine turns onto side streets as if she knows where she's going. 
"I have to give you credit Bell, you know your way around Miami. Right Finley?"
Finley coos and laughs, seemingly enjoying the ride. 
Belladine rubs his head. "Everything's going to be all right little man. We just have to let these guys chase us around for a little while more." 
Two patrol cars pull into the center of the intersection, blocking her path. She floors the gas and as she's near the patrol cars, she swerves onto a lawn in front of the corner house and drives down the street to her left. 
She pumps her fist. "Hoooaahhhh, I'm good!"
In front of her in the next intersection, four patrol cars block her path. The cops crouch behind their cars with pistols pointed at her. She glances in the rear-view mirror to see five cars are behind her.
"End of the line Finley. But we gave 'em a hell of a ride."
She slows the car, stops in front of the intersection. She rolls the window down, winks at Finley and extends her arms out the window.
  
Treena holds her cell phone. "Yes, thank you, we'll be right down." she turns to everyone and glances at her watch. "Thank you all for being here. Finley is safe so Brandon and I are going down to pick him up. Please, all of you go home and rest, it's five in the morning and I'm sure all of you are as exhausted as we are."
Peter asks, "Can I go with you, I want to find out what's going on."
"She can't see anybody until she's booked." Treena answers. "She goes before the judge in the afternoon."
"Well, I'd feel better if I could ride with you." Peter says.
"I guess that's fine if it's okay with Brandon."
"Sure, no problem," he concedes.
 
Treena sits in the back seat with Finley, Peter in the passenger seat. The faint glow of the early morning sun starts to peek over the horizon.
Peter turns his head toward the back. "Treena, would you take my little savior out of his car seat and hand him to me...please."
"What did you say?" demands Brandon.
"My little savior, hand him to me...now!"
Brandon pulls off the road into a grassy strip. "Get out of my car, now!"
"I will, just hand Finley to me," responds Peter as Brandon jumps out of the car.
Treena's eyes well. "Why are you doing this Peter...why?"
"Peter is doing this because I'm making him do it." responds Peter.
Brandon yanks the door open, grabs Peter and drags him out of the car. Peter's eyes turn red as they glare at Brandon.
"Stop Brandon, now!" Peter wickedly demands.
Instantly, Brandon releases him and takes a step back. Peter holds his hand out, Brandon hands him his cell phone. He opens Treena's door, she turns over her cell phone. Peter tosses them in the front seat.
"Get out of the car Treena." Treena slides out, closes the door, hurries next to Brandon. They glance at each other, then back at Peter. Brandon tries to cock his arm to hit Peter, but it freezes halfway up. Brandon's mouth quivers and his frozen arm trembles as Peter sticks his face close to Brandon's.
"Did you really think you could defeat me? I mean really? Did you not think I would be back to claim my savior?" Peter stares hard at Brandon. "I thought not. You Americans have a saying, I think it's, uhh, give me a second." he looks into the sky, closes his eyes. "That's it...it's never over till it's over. You two should have realized that before now. But, unfortunately for you, it really is over. Bye bye."
He backs up a few steps. "You two really need to open your eyes, take a little bit more notice of what's going on around you." he stops, cradles his chin, thinks. "Of course, now that I think about it, just because you open your eyes doesn't mean you can see. I know, let's see if you can see this. Watch closely." He shakes his arms, stretches his neck, breathes like he's on the edge of a cliff ready to dive. He looks upward, stops and points at Brandon.
"I know what you're thinking, you think you're the good guy...so typical, everyone thinks they're the good guy. Let's see, where was I? Oh yes." He repeats the same process, his body shakes and trembles, a loud BOOM cracks the air and Peter collapses. Thanos stands there, dressed very Florida casual.
"We'll talk to you later. Much, much later." Thanos hops into the driver's seat, the car screams down the road.
Treena and Brandon are immediately released from their frozen state. Peter moans on the ground, Treena kneels and lifts up his head.
"Where am I?" a bewildered Peter asks.
"I have no idea." answers a more bewildered Treena. "But we need to talk to the police before Thanos gets too far."
"Thanos?" says Peter. "But I thought he was dead."
"So did we." Brandon mumbles. "So did we."
 
Brandon and Treena sit in a detective's office at the police station. "So now, for the second time, your son has been kidnapped?"  they nod. "Second time in five hours, is this what you're telling me?" 
"Yes! And you're wasting time in here asking questions while my son is taken further and further away!" Treena almost screams at him.
"Sooo, the woman we're holding now..."
"Yes, Belladine." says Treena.
"This, 'Belladine' did not kidnap your child, is that what you're saying?" asks the confused detective.
"Correct, she did not." replies Treena.
"So, in that case, we should, uhh...we should release her? Is that correct?"
"Yes, please do so. Now, what are we going to do about my son?"
 
Brandon sits in the front seat of a taxi. Belladine, Peter and Treena sit in the back seat.
"How did you know?" Treena asks Belladine.
"We all knew Treena. We knew it in the bathroom. We just didn't know who. Imagine that." she sighs. "Who would have thought Thanos would be brought back. And he used my Peter. I am so angry about that I don't know what to do. I want to rip off his face, yanks his arms off, I want..."
"Easy my love." says Peter. "Don't let him also control your emotions when he's not here. Your anger will destroy you...as Thanos' failure with Finley has destroyed him."
Belladine kisses Peter on the cheek. "As usual, you're my voice of calmness and reason."


CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT


The same two cops, Wilson and Gomez, cruise down a busy Miami street. Wilson glances at the dash clock.
"One hour to go rookie." says Wilson. "Welcome to the world of overtime."
Over the radio comes, "Amber Alert, Amber Alert. We have the same child kidnapped again we had earlier. The car is the same 2016 beige Toyota Camry, license number..."
"You gotta be kidding me." Wilson mumbles. "The same kid, the same car? C'mon."
"It just passed us." Gomez says. He points the opposite way. "That way."
Wilson skids a U-turn, flashes on his red lights. "Let's find out what's going on."
Slowly, they catch up with Thanos but stay back a safe distance. 
Thanos nears the bay and floors it, heading toward shipping docks. He turns down a frontage road and sees a large driveway to his left. His car skids as he turns into the road which leads onto a wooden pier. 
Wilson smiles at Gomez as he turns into the same road. "We got him." 
"He's not slowing down." says Gomez. "Where the hell does he think he's going?" 
Thanos smiles as he floors the gas pedal. "Hold on little man." Finley laughs. The car speeds up as he reaches the end of the pier. It flies through the air and smashes into the water.
"That wasn't so bad." grins Thanos. He leans into the back seat and unstraps Finley as the car fills with water.
Back on the dock, Wilson calls in the sinking. He turns to Gomez, "This guy is a nut."
Gomez peels off his holster and shoes. "We have to do something." He dives into the water as the top of the car disappears.
Thanos has turned back into a merman. As the car plops into the sandy bottom, Thanos opens the door and releases Finley and the two of them swim away.
Gomez is at the water's surface, directly above the car. He takes a deep breath and dives under. He reaches the car, inspects the inside and, seeing nothing, swims back up. He swims back to the dock and climbs up an old wooden ladder. Wilson extends his hand and helps pull Gomez onto the dock.
"There's nothing...they weren't there. The car is empty."

TWO MONTHS LATER

Brandon, Jessa, Treena and Belladine sit at a patio table at Brandon's estate. It is early morning as they sip their coffee.
"I called us together because I have important information about Finley." Jessa tells them.
"He's been gone two months Jessa, what could you possibly know that would heal our hearts." asks Treena.
Jessa pause's, stares at Treena. "I know where Thanos has taken him."
"And how is it you know this?" questions a skeptical Treena.
"My sister has communicated with me." answers Jessa. "Thanos has taken him back to Atargatis Island to continue his teachings there."
"My mother has told you this? How? How has she communicated this to you?"
"Why must I explain this to you Treena? Do you not feel your mother? Do you not feel her with your heart...with every sense the God's have blessed you with?" 
Treena stares blankly at Jessa. "I do not have time for this. Thanos has banished everyone from the island except Arianna, Sean and Tina. He uses Sean for the physical labor, my sister and Tina clean and serve Thanos. All three are locked into a cage every night.
"So what are we to do?" asks Treena. "We have already been there before...we are no match for his powers."
Belladine finally breaks the awkward silence. "Brandon must journey to the island to kill Finley."
Brandon shoots an ice stare at Belladine. "I'm not killing my son."
"Then your son, if he is allowed to finish his training under Thanos, will end up being responsible for the deaths of most of the humans of this world." she focuses her stare at Brandon and Treena. "Your son will be responsible for the deaths of his mother and father, Jessa, Arianna, Tina, Sean...and me. No one will escape his wrath, no one will escape his knife."
"And how is it you know this?" asks Treena.
"It was written long ago in our ancient scrolls, what is to be, what will come to pass."
Treena turns to Brandon, rubs his shoulder, "This is horrible, what are we to do?"
"I have been left with no choice. I must travel to Atargatis Island and kill my son."
Treena screams, "Nooooooooo!" as she jumps up and runs into the house.
"My heart breaks for you Brandon." Belladine says. "You must use your great strength to finish this, then your greater strength to live with it."
"You give me too much credit." Brandon says. "I may have the strength to do this evil deed, but...I do not have the strength to live with it." He stands and trudges into the house.
 
Brandon and Treena sit alone in the dark at their patio table. Treena's hands cradle her distressed face. 
She looks up at Brandon. "There is absolutely no reason I can't go. He's my son and I want to see him one last time."
"Sorry honey, too dangerous. Thanos could easily kill you and, and I can't let that happen."
Treena's eyes well. "Are you really going to do this? Are you really going to kill him?"
"Unless you have another answer...I have no choice."
"We can take him away Brandon, go somewhere  Thanos could never find us."
"Thanos has proven there is no place we can go where he cannot find us. I don't know how he does it, but the fish-face just has a lot of energy and power we cannot fight."
"We can fight it Brandon, we can study...we both have powers we haven't even begin to tap.
"Powers we don't yet understand and now, we don't have time to practice. If he takes Finley away from the island, we'll never find him." he pauses. "I rented a boat, I leave first thing in the morning...alone."
"You're impossible!" Treena screams as she runs into the house.

The boat chugs along on auto pilot as Brandon leans over the bow, enjoying the scenery. The day is clear, bright and hot. He walks into the cabin, turns the key off, walks back to the deck. He pulls off his t-shirt, climbs up onto the bow, dives in. 
The water is clear and bright, at least a hundred-foot visibility. Brandon swims around, checks out his surroundings, then swims toward the bottom. Colorful fish circle him as a large fish approaches. Brandon rubs his nose. He swims deeper and watches as a large group of eight dolphins swim toward him. He stops as they circle him. One dolphin squeaks in front of him as Brandon rubs his snout. Another dolphin moves in for a rub. The dolphins swim about for a while, then leave as Brandon returns to the boat.

It's now the fourth day as the sun peaks over the horizon. Brandon sees the two islands ahead of him. He navigates the boat to the large cave the Mystic was docked in before. Unseen, he ties the boat to the dock. Her returns to the boat, pulls a large knife in a sheath from an outer compartment. He unhooks his belt and slides it through the sheath loop. He grabs a waist pouch and unzips it. He stares at a rolled-up cloth and an old bottle filled with liquid. He zips the pouch closed and clips it around his waist, then ambles down to the dock and dives into the water.

Finley, now almost two years old, sits at the dinner table by the lagoon across from Thanos. In front of Finley are four different types of sea shells. Next to them is a live mouse in a small wood cage, three small plants with a thick root and two medium sized empty walnut type shells with open side down.
Arianna watches from her wooden cage, eight feet square, twenty-five feet from the table. It's a small cage, large enough for a small cot and nothing more. A wooden bucket sits in the corner of the cage. A chain and lock secure the closed door.
Fifteen feet from her, Tina stands in her cage. Fifteen feet from Tina is Sean's cage. All three concentrate on watching Finley.
Thanos pushes the four sea shells to Finley. "Show me which of those two you can eat and which two will make you sick."
Finley picks up a mussel shell, sniffs it, sets it to his right. He repeats the process until he has two shells to his left, two on his right. He points to the right, "Eat," then to the left, "Bad."
"Very good Kreios." Thanos says as slides the mouse cage to Finley. "Show me how the mouse sleeps." 
Finley stares at the mouse as it stands up on his hind legs and grabs the wood pillar with his two front paws. The mouse sniffs as Finley closes his eyes, his mouth and eyebrows quiver as he concentrates. After a few moments, the mouse collapses and dies. Finley opens his eyes and stares at the mouse.
"Very nice Kreios, you're getting so much better while becoming so much quicker." 
Finley opens the door to the cage and gently grabs the lifeless mouse. He cups it in his hand and rubs its back as his eyes flash back and forth between Thanos and the mouse. Thanos snatches the mouse from his hand and tosses it deep into thick shrubbery. "It's only a mouse Kreios...only a mouse."
Finley starts to cry as Thanos becomes irritated and slams his hand on the table. "Dammit Kreios, you're going to learn to toughen up. Many things will die before we are through and you can't cry every time something does." Finley screams and flaols his arms around. 
Thanos gets frustrated. "Stop this childish nonsense!"
Finley stops, holds out his right hand, then opens it. He closes his eyes, concentrates. He closes his hand for a few moments until it jerks, then opens his eyes and laughs.
"What is so funny now?"
Slowly, Finley opens his hand and the live mouse scurries up his arm. "See," Finley says.
Thanos is in shock. He nods his head sideways, bewildered. "How in great Zeus' name did you do that?" Thanos can only stare at Finley. "Your abilities are more powerful than we thought, certainly greater than I ever imagined."
Brandon watches from the lagoon, hidden in tall, leafy plants that rise a few feet above the water. As he watches, tears roll down his cheeks as he struggles with what he has to do.
 
Later that evening, Tina tends to a large pot of soup over a campfire. Thanos and Finley sit at the dinner table, waiting to be served. The mouse scurries over Finley's shoulders, down his arm, jumps to his other hand and back up his arm. Finley's laughs a delighted, happy child's laugh.
Tina sets a large bowl of soup on the table, picks up Finley's bowl and ladles the soup into it.
As she serves Thanos, she says, "You know Thanos, no matter how much you try to teach him, he's still a child, he still has a child's mind. You push him too hard."
Thanos samples the soup. "You may be able to make an excellent bowl of soup but, you know nothing of these matters. You would do well to keep your opinions to yourself. You are nothing more than a servant. Well, maybe also a cook but that does not qualify you to make opinions about that which you know nothing about." Thanos takes another bite. "Mmmm, very good, now please, serve your two people and yourself then get back into your cage, you are done for the night."
"You're a pig Thanos!"
Thanos slams his fist onto the table. "Enough!" He points to Tina, circles his finger, opens his hand and mouths 'poof'.
Tina's mouth closes and a fleshy square covers the area. Tina tries to talk but only mumbles, "Mmmm mmm mmm."
"What's that young servant girl?" Thanos holds his hand to his ear. "I can't quite understand what you're saying. What's that? You're sorry? Yes, I know, I'm sorry too. Now get the hell back into your cage. All of you will pay the price for your insolence." 
As Tina trudges to her cell, Thanos, without looking up, yells, "You can thank her for your lack of food tonight." he chuckles. "Besides, she couldn't get any food into her mouth so, ha, what's the difference."
Brandon watches from the thick bushes nearby which totally conceal him. 
Thanos and Finley finish their dinner. Thanos stands and sniffs the air. "Something...something is, uhh, disrupting the peaceful flow of energy." He sniffs more, ambles to the edge of the lagoon. He gazes upon it as he scans the entire waters. Satisfied, he walks back to the table. 
"Damn peasant girl has my senses wired the wrong way." he grabs Finley, lifts him up and sets him on the edge of the table top. "Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back."
Brandon's heart pounds as he watches them. Sweat beads form on his face as his hands tremble. His face is darkened, painted with juice from a root.
He watches as Thanos strides down a path, away from the dining area. Brandon's heart pounds louder, sending deafening pulses to his ears. As Thanos disappears from sight, Brandon winces and covers his ears. "Now!" he mumbles to himself, "Now!"
But he cannot move, he's frozen in place. He squeezes his eyes closed, his forehead creases as his brows furrow. "Now, you coward, now!" he opens his eyes. "May God forgive me."
He rushes to the table as Finley shouts, "Daddy!"
Brandon grabs him, lays him on the table and covers his nose and mouth with one hand, places his other hand over Finley's eyes. As Finley jerks and kicks, Brandon whispers, "Forgive me my son."


CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE


Arianna yells, "No Brandon, stop!"
"Stop Brandon, he's your son!" echoes Tina.
Brandon's eyes are closed as Finley's kicking and jerking first slows, then stops. Tears roll down Brandon's cheeks as Finley's body goes limp. 
The last thing Brandon hears is Thanos screaming, "Noooooooo!" as his body collapses off the table and onto the ground.
Thanos reaches Finley, picks up his lifeless body and cradles it. "No, no, no, this cannot be." He lays Finley back on the table and pumps his chest. "Come back to me, come back Kreios!" he pleads. He slows his pumping until he stops. He sits down, drops his head into his hands. "I have failed again."
The lagoon waters pop with air bubbles, the waters swirl as if in a storm. Thanos turns to look as Glaukos pops out from under the water. Slowly, he makes his way to the table as water drips from his body, leaving a trail in the sand. Glaukos stares at Finley's lifeless body.
"He was our savior, our future, our hope for a better life. The God's trusted you, put all of their faith in you. When you said you could protect him, we believed you. But here...here lies our hope for the future, now dead, never to breathe again. And it is all because you could not protect him from the only person who could do this to him."
"My Lord," Thanos pleads, "there was nothing I could have done. What was I to do, never walk away for a moment, never turn my back? I ask for your mercy my Lord. I ask you to please, let me live. Banish me to anywhere of your liking but have mercy, my Lord, have mercy and let me live."
Glaukos stares at Thanos and sighs. "This I will grant you, you shall be banished to a place of my choosing."
Thanos kneels in front of Glaukos, kisses his hand. "Thank you, my lord, thank you for your mercy."
The ground starts to shake and rumble. Thanos looks at Glaukos, who smiles. Ten feet away, a split appears in the ground. Light flows from inside the split as it widens. As it forms into a circle, flames shoot out. Thanos' pleading eyes look up to Glaukos.
"My lord, you said..."
"No, you said banish you to a place of my choosing. My choice is Hades, where the flames of hell will flicker upon your body for all of eternity."
Thanos screams, "Noooo my lord, pleeeaassse!"
Thanos' body jerks, he grasps Glaukos' leg and tries to hold on but cannot. His hands slowly slip from Glaukos' leg as his body is sucked into the fiery hole. Immediately, the hole closes and the ground returns to normal.
Brandon stirs a bit from the ground where his body was flung like a rag. He glances around, leans up on one elbow and stares at Glaukos. He stands, glances at Finley's body, then back to Glaukos. "I suppose you're going to kill me now."
Glaukos shoots back an icy stare. "You have killed the one person who gave hope to our race. You have killed the hopes of the God's, and all of the children of the God's. Our species will survive, but now, nothing will change, we will stay stranded on our islands, in our underwater caves, and continue to escape from the humans who want to hold us captive and study us."
Glaukos sighs, Brandon starts to speak but Glaukos holds his hand out to Brandon. "Silence! While you deserve to die, you shall continue to live because of the great sacrifice you have made. You have sacrificed your child for the sake of all of your mankind. Your child has died for every human on this earth. And for this, you will not be punished. May you go in peace."
Glaukos slowly shuffles back to the water and wades in. Brandon watches as his head disappears under the water.
Brandon is in a daze as he hears, "Brandon, get us out of here!" He turns to see Sean waving his arm. He glances down at Finley then rushes to Sean's cage. He inspects the area, sees a six-inch round log, grabs it and begins beating on the lock.
"That's not going to work Houdini," chides Sean.
Tina yells and points to a pile of clothes. "Over there Brandon, I think those are his clothes. The key must be in there."
Brandon looks and rushes over to Thanos' clothes. He feels inside the various pockets, pulls a key on a small chain from the pants pocket. He rushes over to Sean's cage, unlocks the door, then unlocks Tina's and Arianna's cages.
Arianna hugs him tight. "I'm sorry Brandon, I know how difficult that was to do."
"I'm not through."
"It's too late, Finley has passed, there's nothing more you can do." Arianna says.
Sean pats him on the shoulder, "You did what you had to do. I don't even think I could have done that. You're a helluva man Brandon."
Brandon slowly trudges over to Finley. He opens his waist pouch, pulls out the rolled-up cloth and the ancient bottle and sets them on the table. The others follow, circle around him. He unrolls the cloth. Inside is a green, finely ground powder.
"What is that?" asks Arianna.
"An ancient herb that some believe, when mixed with this Gorgon blood, will bring a person back to life."
"But only Asclepius could do that," says Arianna.
As Brandon sprinkles the herb into the blood, he says, "Do you remember we talked about my dreams Arianna? You said you believed I was someone important in my past life, maybe even a God. Do you remember that?"
"Yes, I said it would be revealed to you."
"Well, it was. I dreamt about Thanos, of all people, but he explained to me who I used to be and how I was killed." 
"And who were you Brandon?" questions Arianna.
"I was Asclepius."
"The God who healed and brought people to life after death." Arianna declares.
As Brandon mixes the herb and blood, "After Zeus killed me with a thunderbolt and made me one of the stars, I was nothing more than a glow in the sky. But the God's eventually realized that, while I was alive, my next child was to be a boy and that boy was the one who would be the savior. Once hundreds of moons had passed, they saw that no one else was going to carry a boy child who would be their savior, so they let me be reborn to father this child, now my Finley. They just never counted on me being the one to stop their plans."
"But you had to kill your own son." Tina responds. "How is that a victory?"
"Yeah bud." Sean adds. "You won the battle but lost the war."
"Arianna, tell them why Asclepius was killed."
"Yes, I know this story well. Asclepius was the son of Apollo and a mortal woman named Coronis. Apollo killed her because she was unfaithful to him. He took Asclepius to be raised by the centaur Chiron, who raised Asclepius and instructed him in the art of medicine. As he was growing up, he was becoming even more famous as a highly regarded doctor and healer with exceptional skills. In fact, he became so proficient as a healer that he surpassed both Chiron and his father, Apollo, in his medical skills. Asclepius was even able to bring others back to life from the brink of death, and even beyond that. In fact, he eventually became known for bringing the dead back to life. 
"However, reviving the dead and making them immortal was a practice that outraged Hades, the god of the Underworld, who felt, rightfully, that the dead souls belonged to him. This practice also worried Zeus because Asclepius, in his way, was disturbing the normality and natural flow of life and death. That is why when Hades came to Zeus and complained that Aslcepius was stealing souls that belonged to him, Zeus decided to punish Aslcepius for disturbing that natural flow of nature. "
Brandon finishes. "Which is why I was killed by Zeus with a thunderbolt." he finishes mixing the herb with the bottle, then shakes it and holds it out. "This is a mix of Gorgon blood and a magical herb said to prevent sickness and death. Together, my hope is this will restore the life of my son."
"What if it doesn't?" asks Tina.
"Then my former life as Aslcepius will have failed. Without this hope, without knowing I could bring my son back, I could never have choked the life out of my Finley."
As Brandon lifts Finley's head up, Sean asks, "So where did you get this stuff? After all, it's thousands of years old."
Brandon smiles as he pours the liquid down Finley's throat. "Can you say 'Belladine'. She has saved things for centuries. But that's another story for another time. Please, be quiet and let this work."
Brandon massages Finley's throat, pours more liquid down, massages his throat again. "We'll know in a few minutes." Brandon says. He lays Finley back down and gently rubs his forehead. He glances at the three others around him, manages a faint grin. He takes Finley's hand, holds and rubs it.
A few moments in extreme, tense silence pass. Finally, Tina points to Finley's left big toe. "Look!" she proclaims, "I saw it move." 
They all stare at his left foot. Another few moments pass until his entire foot trembles. Arianna and Tina hug each other, then Sean.
"C'mon little man, show us that again." Brandon says. 
Arianna moves next to Brandon and puts her arm around him. They glance at each other, then back at Finley. He stretches his fingers on both hands. The entire group yells "Yes!" Finley stretches, then moves like he's waking up from a nap.
He opens his eyes, stares at Brandon. "Daddy."
"Hello son." Brandon responds as tears roll from his eyes.
Thanos instantly appears at the end of the table. "Did you really think I would go away that easily? I am here to claim my savior."
Brandon stares at Thanos. "It's time for you to go. Disappear, you blonde haired shark fish-face."
Thanos bursts into flames and disappears. "We won't be seeing him again." says a grinning Brandon. 
He holds his arms out to Finley. "Give me a hug son." Slowly, Finley sits up and hugs Brandon, who squeezes him back.

Brandon, Finley, Arianna, Sean and Tina sit at the lagoon dinner table. A huge fish lays on a long platter.
"I was under the impression mermaids didn't eat any type meat." Brandon says.
Arianna responds, "Well, most of our diet consists of seaweed, kelp and other plant matter that thrive under water. We don't eat fish that often, normally only special occasions. I personally feel that since fish eat other fish, it's permissible on an occasional basis."  
"So, what are your plans Arianna?" Brandon asks. "Are you going to stay here?"
"This is my home. After all that's happened, I finally feel safe here. I'm going to bring all my girls back and we'll move forward." she smiles and rubs Tina's shoulder. "Since my daughter carries a child. I will help raise her baby girl."
"We're very excited." an enthusiastic Tina adds as they all sit down.
"Well," Brandon responds. "Let's hope it's not a boy."
Smile's disappear as they all stare at Brandon, who clears his throat. "Hey, I was just kidding...you all need to stop shooting me with those dagger eyes."
"Then do not say things like that." Tina replies. "After what we've all been through, that's not funny...not nice."
"Whatever," Brandon responds, "I was only joking. But there is something I want to talk to all of you about. Listen to what I have to say before you all say no. Agreed?"
"We'll listen," Arianna says.
Brandon, a bit nervous, clears his throat. "I want you all to consider coming back with me."
There is complete silence for a few awkward moments. Arianna finally says, "We're listening."
"With the way everything's gone," Brandon says. "I think it's time for all of you to consider a move to the Miami area. Look, the bottom line is, it's the year 2017 and things have changed. There's no reason for you to live the same as you did five hundred years ago. We have what you would consider modern miracles, though they are everyday things to us."
"Like what Brandon, give me an example," asks Arianna.
"For starters, your sister Jessa and your daughter Treena are there. Jessa, why don't you tell your sister why you love it there."
Jessa smiles. "I don't even know where to start. The food Arianna, the food is spectacular, cooked in a way you've never had before. The beds we sleep in, they're like...uhh, they're like sleeping on a cushion of palm leaves five feet thick, only softer. The area we live in, it's an area surrounded by water, but once you are settled, you can swim in your own home, you don't even have to leave."
"What about my dolphins, what would happen to them?"
"Your dolphins would have the entire sea as their playgroud. If you wanted to see them, you just go to the beach and swim with them."
"And what if someone were to find out what I really am, what would happen to me?"
"They would never find out." Brandon answers. "Jessa has been there almost three years."
"And all of my girls here, who would watch over them, take care of them?"
"The girls are old enough to take care of themselves," Jessa counters, "if, after you're settled in, we can bring the girls over and set them up. They can either live together, or, on their own."
"You talk about money, paying for things, I have nothing for this."
Brandon grins. "You have pirate booty. This will give you more of our money than you will ever need."
"There really isn't any reason for you not to come and live with us sister." says Jessa. "One thing I forgot. Remind me to tell you about bubble baths. They are like...like, I don't even know how to describe them.
Arianna turns to Tina, "What do you have to say about this?"
"I don't know, it scares me," answers Tina, "but, the thought of having our family together, all of us being together again, it makes me think we should do it."
A smiling Sean jumps in, "I'll pack our things."
Tina sighs, "I guess you know what he wants to do."
"Honey, the only reason I stayed here was you." Sean points out. "If we can all be together back in Miami, raise our daughter there, watch the Super Bowl together, life would be oooh so good."
"Oh, and we have what they call peanut butter." an eager Jessa says. "Once you taste this peanut butter, and Nutella, and donuts, and M & M's, and...let's just say you'll never want to leave."
"I don't know...it's all so sudden. It would be so much change," Arianna responds, a bit confused.
Jessa continues, "Sister, has anything changed that much in our entire time here? Are things not the same as they were when we were children? It you're honest with yourself, you know nothing has changed for us in the last five hundred years. But the world outside, it has changed, it has moved forward. It's a new world out there and I think it's time for you to experience it. Besides, if you don't like it, you can return to this island."
"I still have to give it some thought." Arianna responds.
"If you like it, you stay." says Jessa. "If you don't like it, you return here. Think of it like this sister, you have everything to gain and nothing to lose." a confident Jessa folds her arms. "Besides, I would so love having you back in my life."
Brandon holds up a smiling Finley in front of Arianna. "Finley needs his Granny Arianna. Right Finley, you want her to come with us, don't you." Finley holds his arms out to Arianna, she takes him as he hugs her.
"Give me tonight, I'll have an answer for you in the morning." 
"Fair enough." Brandon answers as he hugs her. "See you in the morning."

Arianna sits on the edge of her cot, obviously restless. The small candle illuminates various things just enough for her to see. She picks up a very old mirror, inspects it, sets it down. She picks up a beautiful comb with small jewels in the handle, smiles, sets it down. She rubs her hand on the edge of a beautiful water bowl covered with hand painted flowers. She grins at the memory. She finally blows the candle out, lays down on her cot and is soon fast asleep.


CHAPTER FORTY


Her dream starts almost immediately. 
She walks down a crowded street with Tina. People lightly bump her as they pass. She says, "I'm sorry." but they don't say anything or even look at her. She and Tina glance at each other but continue to walk.
Arianna senses something and says, "Hold on to your purse, someone has their eyes on it.
"Don't be silly mother, people aren't like that here." 
"Just the same, hold on to your purse." Arianna again warns.
As they round a corner, a man in his twenties grabs Tina's purse but she holds on tight. The man yanks, Tina yanks back. Arianna stares at the man, he stops. "Let go of her purse, tell her you're sorry."
The man lets go, says, "I'm very sorry ma'am, that won't happen again." The man ambles away.
Arianna lectures Tina as they start to walk. "This is as I feared. The people here have no morals, they will steal from you, even hurt you. It seems there is always someone out there who wants what you have. I don't like it Tina."
"And are they any worse than the pirates we had back home? They would not only take this purse, they would take everything we have, then burn whatever was left. Please mother, remember the evil we had back home."
"I suppose you're right honey, it just seems there are so many more, uhhh, 'pirates', for lack of a better word, in this world."
"That's exactly why I need you here mother."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, I need you here to protect me, to protect my child...to protect Finley. Everyone needs your strength, your experience, your wisdom. But most of all we just need you." 
Tina stops walking, places her hands on Arianna's shoulders, hugs her and whispers, "We need to be on that boat in the morning mother."
 
Arianna sits in a restaurant, alone. She twirls a glass of wine, sips it, smiles. Thanos sits down across from her, smiles. She's too shocked to say anything. He picks up the bottle of wine, inspects the label.
"I see why you ordered a half bottle. Mondavi, Opus One, 2011, you have excellent taste Arianna." he holds out his wine glass. "May I?" she coldly stares at him but says nothing. "Thank you, that's very kind."
He pours a small amount, twirls his glass, sniffs the wine. He sips a small amount, swishes it in his mouth and swallows.
"Mmmmmm, magnificent wine."
"You're dead Thanos, go back to your hell." orders Arianna.
Thanos smiles. "Well, maybe dead in the real world, but this is a dream."
"And it's my dream, so go back to your fiery hell and burn."
"Arianna, I'm shocked. That is such ugly talk from a woman who has such, uhhh, exquisite taste."
"What do you want Thanos?"
Thanos twirls his wine, "I'm here to warn you."
"Warn me about what?" she snarls back.
"It's not over."
"Damn man, get on with it. What's not over?"
"We, meaning not just me, we aren't done with Kreios."
"It seems to me you are. You've had two chances and failed with both of them. That's why you burn to this day."
"Think what you like but I'm here to warn you, it is not over Arianna."
She remains calm, sips her wine, stares at Thanos. "Be off with you, go back where you came from."
Thanos immediately bursts into flames. They spread to the table then flicker over to Arianna. She bursts into a ball of flames and screams! 
 
She jerks up in bed, her face moist with sweat. She sits on the edge of the cot, drops her hands into her face. A few moments pass as she regains her composure.
"So that is my answer. So let it be. May the God's watch over all of us."
 
Tables are set up in Brandon's patio area near the pool. Sitting at the tables are Brandon, Treena, Finley, Derek, Sean, Tina, Joshua, Treena, Kyle, Arianna, Jessa, and Lou. Everyone munches on seafood appetizers along with wine. 
Two place setting are empty. 
"Where are Belladine and Peter?" asks Brandon.
Treena checks her watch. "They should be here anytime. They always seem to be late."
Arianna drops a scallop onto her plate and cuts it in half. Jessa watches her, curious to see what she's doing. Arianna unscrews a small jar of peanut butter, spreads some onto her scallop.
"Please tell me you're really not going to eat that." Jessa says.
"Okay, I'm not going to eat this." Arianna replies as she pops it into her mouth. "Mmmm, sand dabs never tasted so good."
"That is pretty, uhhh, gross sister."
"You have no room to talk, you're the one who got me hooked on this wonderful peanut butter. Besides, you put it on banana's, if you really want to know what's nasty."
Brandon stands. "I have a few announcements I'd like to make. Seeing as how this is our first get together since we all got back, I'd like to welcome Arianna, Tina and Sean back into our world. You all make this place a better place to be." he raises his glass. "A toast to our newest family members." Everyone raises their glass, clinks them with the one next to them.
"The next announcement will be made by Kyle. Kyle, take it away."
A nervous Kyle stands. "Well, uuhh, Trista and I, with the approval of Joshua, we're, uhh, we are officially engaged. Honey, stand up and show them the ring."
A shy Trista stands, holds her ring hand out, which is covered by a huge diamond ring. Everyone claps. Trista curtsey's and sits back down.
Derek asks, "And the wedding date is..."
"Not set yet...but soon. Trust me, I'll let you all know." Kyle grins and sits down.
Brandon stands back up. "Our next announcement will be made by Lou. Lou, the floor is yours."
Lou stands. "Thank you Brandon. I have three announcements to make. The first one is that Jessa and I are moving back to Atargatis Island and anyone who wants to come with us is welcome."
Arianna turns to Jessa. "Jessa, how can you do this, how can you leave us all back here without you? I mean..."
"Calm down sister...and listen."
Derek says, "I'm in shock Dad. Are you serious?"
"I am serious son. The second announcement is that the first announcement is not true...I was just kidding."
Various people at the table yell, "Booo, boooo." and throw their cloth napkins at Lou.
"You're gonna be paid back for that dad." grins Derek.
"The third announcement is the most important. I have asked Jessa to be my wife. She turned me down, but at least I asked."
"Stop Lou." Jessa responds.
"Seriously, she agreed to marry me so were getting married in the fall."
Everyone claps as Lou kisses Jessa and sits back down. Brandon stands back up. "I had no idea you were such a funny guy Lou."
Lou stands and bows. "Thank you, thank you very much."
Brandon continues, "I now have my own announcement to make. Treena, are you listening?" 
Yes honey, I am." 
"Sometimes, in the middle of your mundane lives, a fairy tale is born. You may not recognize it as a fairy tale but, never the less, it is. Before I met Treena, my life was far from a fairy tale...in fact, it was a nightmare. I had nothing to live for, I didn't care if I lived or died. I actually went on our cruise, I went into the mystic, thinking, I might never return. But then I met Treena."
Brandon stops, his eyes well as he composes himself and continues.
"Treena, ever since we met, nothing has been easy. We've had to escape sharks, fight pirates, underwater battles...I mean, our road has been tough, much tougher than I ever could have imagined."
"Don't forget getting electrocuted in the pool, killing our son and fighting shark-face." adds Treena as she grins.
"What I'm saying is we made it through all of those things, we beat death and, we're still together. Not only did you give me a son, you gave me purpose in my life, you gave me back the will to live. I never want that to change."
He steps over to Treena, drops to one knee, pulls a giant diamond ring from his pocket, takes her hand. "Treena, will you be my wife for now...and always. Will you marry me?"
Tears fall as Treena cries. "Yes Brandon, I would love to be your wife." she stands, they hug as the crowd stands and claps.
Tears fall from Arianna as she hugs Jessa. "Thank the God's, I never thought I would see this day."
Sean raises his hand as Brandon says, "I guess someone wants to make another announcement. Sean is our next speaker. Sean is one of our three contestants here on the new game show 'Guess the Announcement'. Sean is from a small Atlantic Island..."
Sean stands, holds his hand out. "Very funny Brandon. I'd like to echo a few things Brandon pointed out. I've been with Chiron, err sorry, Tina, for a while now, in fact most of you know she carries our child. I never thought when I was washed overboard from the Mystic and captured by the Sirens, that my life would end up like this." He stares at Tina, she stares at him, not sure what to think.
"Oh hell, let me get to the point. Tina, will you marry me?" Sean pulls out a big diamond ring, holds it out. Tina holds her hand out as Sean slides the ring on. They hug.
Brandon stands back up. "This is way too weird. None of us has told the other what we were going to do here today yet, we all ask for our girl's hand in marriage. What does that mean?
Arianna shouts out. "It means you are all very wise men."
The crowd chuckles, Brandon continues. "Yes, that is true, we are all wise. There's only one question that remains and Arianna, I'm going to address it to you. Since everyone at this table is getting married, you have two choices to pick from. They may be leftovers, but still, they represent two choices. Do you want to marry contestant number one, Derek, the young, suave, well-spoken man, or do you want to marry contestant number two, Joshua, the mature, handsome man with experience in all areas of life. You have thirty seconds to make your decision." 
Brandon motions to the waiters. "Please, fill everyone's glass while we wait for a decision."
Belladine and Peter walk onto the patio from inside the house. Brandon jumps up to greet them. "We thought you weren't going to make it."
"We had an unexpected visitor." says Belladine. "I'm sorry Brandon, he insisted on coming."
"If he's a friend of yours, he's more than welcome."
Onto the patio walks Thomas, an exact image of Thanos. He's dressed like he's ready to go sailing.
The crowd gasps, some cover their mouth with their hand. All of them stare at him in shock. Thomas remains casual, relaxed.
"Relax everyone, I am not Thanos come back from the dead. In fact, he is still dead...well, not really dead, but he wishes he was. My name is Thomas, spelt like Thomas but pronounced 'Toe-mas'. I am Thanos' twin brother."
Brandon stands and shouts out, "You're not welcome here!"
Thomas continues. "I am only here to deliver a message from the God's, then I shall leave." He steps over to Finley, rubs his cheek.
Brandon grabs Thomas' hand, pushes it away. "Stay away from my son."
" I completely understand your position, you've already been through hell."
Brandon, cold, fires back, "Just give us your message and get the hell out of here."
Thomas grins. "The fact that Thanos failed in his mission does not change the fact that your son is still Kreios, the savior of our race. What does change the situation is when you killed your son, you took away our ability to take Kreios and train him for his mission in life, a mission he was born to fulfill."
"My son will never be involved in your mission...your mission for him to enslave the human race." Brandon replies.
"That is what remains to be seen. Since we cannot take him by force, we will try to take him by persuasion. We will convince him that his destiny will be fulfilled as Kreios, that he will be the one to rule this land."
"You'll never succeed." Brandon quickly replies.
"What sixteen-year old man would not want to be a ruler of nations, literally, a King. I don't think we'll have too much trouble convincing him of that."
"Mark my words, 'Toe-mas', you will never have that opportunity. He will know of your evil intentions long before you will ever have the chance to talk to him."
"You can't be with him twenty-four hours a day, can you Asclepius."
"You call me that name, yet you know I am no longer Asclepius."
"He is still within you, he is in your body, in your mind. You can never rid yourself of your past. His blood still flows in your veins and we will prey upon your human weakness to bring Asclepius back. Then you shall see our mission is just, that Kreios was born and destined to rule over this land."
"You've delivered your message, now leave." Brandon warns.
"One final thing. You don't know me, you don't know who I am, what I'm capable of. Do not take me lightly."
"Goodbye...now get the hell out."
Thomas smiles, says, "See you soon." and ambles back into the house.
Brandon sits, drops his face into his hands. "I thought it was over."
Arianna shuffles to Brandon, rubs his back. "It is over Brandon. You have the support of everyone here. We, all of us, will make sure Finley never listens to him or anyone else."
Belladine moves next to Brandon. "I'm so sorry Brandon, he just showed up. He left us with no choice, he said to bring him here or he was going to kill all of my fish...my children. He's as evil as that no good brother of his. We'll help you get through this. I, we, will all be here for you."
Treena pulls his head to hers, she kisses his cheek. "We made it through everything else, we'll make it through this."
Finley laughs, coos and gahs. He moves his arms, smacks them on the table, laughs some more.
Treena asks, "What are you so happy about son?"
"Krooso." Finley says.
"Krooso, what is that Finley?" asks Brandon.
"Me...me!" shouts Finley.
"You...you what son? What are you saying?" 
"Krooso, me. Me...Krooso."
"But I don't understand, who, or what, is Krooso?"
Treena leans down to Finley. "Finley, are you trying to say...Kreios?"
Finley claps his hands. "Krooso, Kroosa."
Brandon leans back in his chair, sighs. "We have more work to do honey."

THE END

AUTHORS NOTE: Thank you for reading my book. I'm working on getting it made into a movie, which would be quite a show. If you enjoyed it, please leave a positive review, that would be a huge help.

You can visit my website at:
http://grhicks777.wixsite.com/mystic

Thanks again.
Garry Hicks


CHARACTER INDEX

Brandon
Derek
Sean
Kyle		The four main characters.

Anna		Mermaid on Atargatis Island.
Arianna	Queen mermaid of Atargatis Island.
Belladine	Ancient mermaid living in Miami,
girlfriend of Peter 500 years ago.

Benny and 
Nidel		Two friends who fish with Joshua.
Chiron		Daughter of siren queen Nemeritias.
Finley	Baby son of Brandon and Treena.
Glaukos	a mortal fisherman who was transformed into a sea-god after eating a magical herb.
Isabel and
Alison	Mermaid children.
Lou		Derek's father.
Jessa		Lou's mermaid girlfriend, Arianna's sister.
Joshua		Father of Trista, prisoner on Erato Island.
Keela		Mermaid on Atargatis Island.
Nemeritia	Evil siren queen.
Peter	Boyfriend of Belladine who later becomes 
Glaukos
Seth		Prisoner on Erato Island.
Steven		Australian Prisoner on Erato Island.
The Pirates	Captain Pardel, Marteen, Calico Jack, Red Legs, Diablo.
Tina	Mermaid on Atargatis Island, daughter of Arianna. sister of Treena.
Treena	Mermaid on Atargatis Island, daughter of Arianna.
Thanos	An ancient Greek merman/human waiting for Kreios to be born.
Trista		Daughter of Joshua
