    

JACK

Copyright 2018 Taylor Evans 
Published by Taylor Evans at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



This book is dedicated to all the innocent victims of animal abuse whose voices were never heard, And to the four-legged angels that got help too late.
Your stories never go unheard.

Woof. 











“All she wanted was a chance to be happy, a chance to be free of the pain and suffering; she wanted to be loved and to love, just like any breed. And we are the ones who caused it. Yet, we are the ones who judge them for their behavior. I don't see how that's right.”




PROLOGUE
 
The harsh tone of the man's voice sent me to the ground. I got low, just as my brother taught me to do if I didn't want to fight. And I didn't want to fight the man, I knew better. I cowered lower, my tail between my legs, trying to make myself seem less of a threat. But it didn't seem to work, in fact, it seemed as if to make the man more angry. What did I do this time to make him so mad at me?
He screamed, shouted, and spit out awful threats and insults. Then he charges me, hand raised and eyes red; his vulgar smell made my senses cringe. Then he strikes me, over and over until he backs away and gets out of breath. I stand there, cowering down, my entire body burning and throbbing. It seemed I was almost immune to the pain. I manage to look up at the man as he grabs the bottle from the chair next to him. 
He plops down and let out a breath as he puts the bottle up to his mouth; his strange way to get a drink. I remain eye contact with him, trying to see if I helped him get his anger out. It was the least I could do after what I had done to make him angry. He looks at me and I suddenly look away, still in the same spot as before. 
“Get out of here!” His arms go in the air and I dart into the next room. I was happy that I could make up for what I've done wrong to the man. Running to my comfort place, I know once I'm there I would be safe, and if I stay there, I would be good and wouldn't make the man angry again.
I run pass bags and dart into the small opening, feeling safe as soon as I enter. I circle it, then lay down on the hard ground. As I silently cry, I find myself shaking as I lay there, still able to feel the man's hands on my skin; The continuous burning sensation that was left behind from the sudden bursts of stings that were left imprinted on my skin.
I didn't understand these things, I didn't know how to communicate to the man, and I didn't understand much of his language. He talks very (differently) than I do. It's almost impossible to know what he's saying. But I listen anyway.
My eyes were suddenly heavy, but a thought deep in my mind told me that I already knew that. I tried to fight the drowsiness, I had to watch over the man; protect him from anyone that would hurt him. Everything got dark and I found my head leaning to the side. I jolted up; Can't sleep, I wasn't allowed. It was my job to protect the man. I let out a breath and adjusted myself on the hard ground then found my eyes closing again, rolling back into my head. I tried to fight it, but the unquestioning desire for sleep washed over me. 
It seems as if I rest for just seconds before a noise at the door jolts me awake. My head pops up, I look around as I smell the air. I knew that sound meant someone was here. And I loved meeting new people. Then the squeak of the door sends me on my feet. 
People? People are here! My long tail sways side to side as I run towards the next room. I stop in the door frame and watch the man as he talks to the other person. I can hardly contain my excitement. My tail hits me on both my sides as I stare up at the two people as they said things that I didn't understand.
The man grabs something out of the other man's hand and nods. Oh god, he's coming towards me! I couldn't wait. Surging forward, my tail moving furiously as I greet the stranger. I jump up on him, putting my nose in his face but the man next to him shouts and shoves me off of him. Jumping back, I get low, my tail still moving.
The new man bends down closer to me. My heart races and my tail rubs against the floor as I lick my lips. I contain my excitement, for I know what would happen if I acted out again. 
He reaches his hand out, I flinch, but he doesn't strike me. The comfort touch made my chest fill up with warmth. I wagged my tail furiously and scooted closer to the new man to give him the same attention he has gifted me with. 
The man gets down next to me and hands the new man a shiny sharp object. I get closer to smell it, but he pushes my head away and lays me back on the ground. My tail continues to sway, my excitement is overwhelming, but this feeling in my chest makes up for all of it.
“Stay still!” the man forces me back to the ground. I obey, because I have to. 
“You sure you still wanna do it like this?” the new man grabs the sharp object from the floor and puts himself on the top half of my body. The man copies his movement and lies on my lower half, “Just get it over with, I have someone coming in a few for the pup.”
It became tough to breathe, the amount of pressure on my body only allowed me to use short gasps to get air, but it was enough. I let out a little squeal, trying to ask them to get off; the only way I knew how to. But it didn't seem to work.
The new man held my head still as he came close to me. I eyeballed him, his hand raised up and I saw the silver things in his grip. I cried out one last time, but they never got off. He then grabbed my ear and pulled it up as hard as he could. I couldn't move, their bodies were vise-like, holding me so tight it became tough to breathe. There was a second of silence, then a quick sharp agonizing pain shot through my ear, making my skin shrivel and head tingle with a strange raw sensation. I screamed out at the unendurable immense amount of pain, but the weight on my body made it difficult to move. 
The side of my head was covered in warm thick liquid. Struggling to get up and hide in my safe place, the new man then grabs a hold of my other ear and repeats the same painful process. 
My entire head became aflame, pain shot through my ears and throbbed throughout my entire body. Making me shake and scream out in pain.
“Hurry up and stop the bleeding!” the man grabs a long object from the other and a quick fiery sensation made the horrid pain more intense than before. 
My body became painfully numb. Both my ears were on fire as the liquid that wet my entire face made me cold, I couldn't stop shivering. The two men stood up and the pressure released from my numb body but I remained where I was, drowning in my pain and anguish.
I didn't understand what I did this time. I thought the new man liked me. 
“Little shit got blood everywhere!” the man kicked me then looked to the new man and pointed into the next room.
“I'll wrap his ears up, they should heal given time.” the new man wiped his hands off on a dark shirt.
“Put that lamp thing on his neck, don't let him chew the bandages off.” I watched as the man walked into the other room, whimpering for him to come back. I didn't want to get up, the pain was too severe.
The new man bent down in front of me with a white object in his hands. I whimpered, cried, and pleaded for him to stop. Not wanting to be hurt no more. 
I'll be good... I put my tail between my legs and began to tremble, afraid to be hurt again. The new man gradually wrapped the white thing around both of my burning ears. I cried the entire time. I was used to being in pain, but this was crippling me to the point all I wanted to do was die. My entire body shook with fear, pain, and anger. I wanted to lash out and get him off of me, run and run and never come back. But this was my home. And I didn't know if anyone else would accept my bad behavior.
The man came back with my leash in his grip. My tail started moving, a walk! Finally... But I didn't want to move. I was in too much pain to even breathe. My ears were still stinging, now even worse since the new man put these things on them. Did they bite my ears off? It wouldn't make sense though, they wouldn't do that; unless I was bad. But was I bad?
“Come on, pup!” the man let the long leash drop to the floor and my excitement took over, I bolted up on my feet and went towards him. Even though my tail was wagging, my body was aching from head to toe. But I was able to take the pain, because I had to look strong for the man. After all, I was supposed to protect him.
He hooked my leash on and the door swung open. Outside. I could barely contain myself, but I knew I had to. I wasn't going to be bad this time. We walked outside, the cold hard cement made my feet freeze, but it took my mind off of the agonizing pain coming from my ears. I didn't notice the sound of the slamming door until different voices were heard. Footsteps approached and I was greeted by kind words and a smiling face.
“You got the money?” the man tugged on my leash, pulling me backwards. I whined softly, the pain started to get worse each time I moved my head. Lowering my body to the ground, trying to lay down since were weren't going anywhere any time soon.
“Yeah, it's all there Johnny, just as much as you asked.” the new person spoke differently. 
I looked around and tried to sniff around, but I got yanked back by the man and stayed where I was. The new person handed the man something and in return, I noticed him give my leash to the new person.
Wait, what was happening?
The new person pulled me towards him, away from my home; my person. I struggled, he pulled me back. He was stronger than I was as I tried excessively to turn and run back to the man, how was he going to be safe without me there to protect him? I cried out in sadness, for I didn't want to leave him, I couldn't leave him.
Oh god.
The person threw me into the back of a car. That's when I knew exactly what was happening. It was what happened countless times before. The person shut the door in my face and as he walked around the car, I looked out to the man who was walking back into his house with his friend. Thoughts swirled around in my head, but only two bugged me. And only one made me forget the pain that was throbbing in my head, and it was the other one that made me sad. 
I let out a whimper and laid down, resting my hurting head on my paws. Breathing in, I noticed I was still shaking, maybe even worse than before. I didn't know where I was going, or what was in store this time. But I hoped it was better than the last few homes I was in. 
Whimpering once more, my mind brought up the thought of my life before all this and it made my stomach knot up. The thought of my mother made me remember everything about her, her smell, her face, and her voice. 
When the flow of air stopped, a horrid smell filled my mouth with such a bitter taste that it made me gag and get on my feet. I smelled around, trying to find the source of the horrible odor. There was nothing near me that smelled like that. I followed my nose over to the back seat, looking over the seat and taking another smell. It was coming from the seats in front of me. 
A large black bag was in the middle of the seats. That's where the putrid smell was coming from. The bag had splotches of liquid, the same kind that was on my head. The liquid was drowning what looked like a pile of matted fur. That's when I saw him. His lifeless eyes gouged out, his ears torn to pieces and neck shredded from the unmistakable bite wounds. His ears were short, severed and forced upwards from a noticeable scar that looked as if the wound didn't quite heal completely.
Whimpering, I backed up and looked at the person who had put me in here. I studied his face, his movements and the sound of his voice. For I knew that his might be the last one I ever hear.

CHAPTER ONE — JACK

I never fully understood why I was forced to do the things I did, or why someone that always seemed to care for me, made me do them. I tried so hard to be good, I followed them everywhere. Did exactly what I was told. But it never seemed to be good enough. I never seemed to be good enough.
A year went by after I arrived at my new home. And if I can be honest, it wasn’t much of a home. I didn’t know why I had to sleep outside. And even though the yard was fenced, I was tied up with a chain that massively weighed down my head. And the more I grew, the more it hurt my throat. The good thing about it was, I wasn’t alone. I had made my first friend there. 
Titan was old and raggedy, he didn’t say much but each time he did, it was always some sort of rule or law that I had to follow, and each time I didn’t listen, the man would put me back in place. Each time he came out to us, I was expecting a blow to the face because no matter what I did, I was always doing something bad.
The man taught me things, it was a slow process as I did not speak whatever language he did so it took me a bit to learn. But a lot of the time I wouldn’t do it right, and he would strike me, repeatedly. So I tried my best to do what he wanted.
He held a stuffed animal in his grip as he waved it around in my face making an odd noise, I went to smell it, putting my nose to it but got smacked in the face with his hand. I jumped back and the rope around my neck pulled me back to him. He repeatedly waved the toy in my face making those awful sounds that hurt my ears.
I went to nibble on the fur that made my nose itch, and he yanked it away as his hand came down on my head. I yelped and jumped back, my tail hiding between my legs. Again, he yanked back and forced me to come close to him again.
“Rip it up!” I didn’t understand what he wanted. The tone of the man’s voice made me get low.
He growled at me then repeatedly kicked me in the side. I stayed here, taking every blunt force as my entire side tensed up at the pain.
He finally stopped and bent down to me, he forced open my mouth and shoved the stuffed animal in my mouth, forcing me to bite down on it. He held my mouth shut as he pulled on the toy while it was still in my mouth. 
I finally understood what he wanted. He released his grip from my jaws and I clenched down, holding my mouth shut as I shook my head from side to side. I continued, and he began praising me but as soon as I heard it rip, I cowered down; scared that I had broken it, thinking he was going to be mad and strike me once more.
“Get it!” the tone of his voice gave me encouragement.
I lunged forward and grabbed a hold of the toy once more than began pulling as he held on to the other side of it. He started making that strange noise and I growled, which seemed to make him happy, and that was what I wanted, was to make him happy.
“Release!” he pulled the toy towards him but I refused to let go.
He raised his hand and struck me in me the head with his hand, I jumped back, my tail between my legs as the tip of it swayed. I repeatedly licked my lips, trying to get him to understand I was sorry for whatever it was I had done wrong.
He shook his head and put his hands on his hip, “We are gonna have some work to do to you, you dumb ass dog. If you wanna make this money, you gotta be ready. I ain’t spend two grand on you for nothing.”
He put the toy under his arm and began walking towards the grass while I followed behind him, making sure I never stray too far away. I was always punished for that.
He chained me back to my tree, pushing my head with his hand as he stood up and looked at me. I averted eye contact and got low, his body language seemed intimidating and I wasn’t sure if he was mad. He let out a sigh and started back to his home.
I sat in the dirt and looked around the yard, my eyes went to Titan as he was staring at me. Letting out a whine as I laid down, not breaking eye contact with him. I didn’t understand why he was staring at me. Looking to the side, I broke eye contact with him to respect him. But only to look over once more to see him still watching me.
Finally, I stood up and walked towards him. Waiting for the chain around my neck to get tight before I stopped and sat back down, cocking my head to the side as I watched him.
He growled and came closer to me, stopping in front of me and licking his dry lips as he spoke in a calm tone.
“Kid, you are old enough to make your own decisions, but what the man is teaching you…” he took a breath, “Just remember who you are because there are things in this world that can change you. Make you do things you never thought you would do.”
I looked at him and whined as I licked my lips then laid down. He grunted and laid down next to me as his eyes shut. As I looked at him, I studied the markings that covered his face, the ones that I was too scared to ask how he got them. But I felt as if a part of me already knew. I remember seeing that dog in the back of the man’s car as he brought me here. The markings on Titan were the same it seemed, but I never bothered to ask, I knew it was too personal for me to know.
There were a lot of things I was learning, and a lot of things were confusing. I didn’t know what I had to do, I tried to learn what everyone tried to teach me. But it was just too difficult to comprehend everything. 
I remember my mother telling my siblings and I to do whatever it takes to please and protect the ones that give us food and a home. She would tell us stories about what our father was like, and over the years I had forgotten how the stories went. But the one thing I knew I would never forget was the sound of my mother’s voice. 
How calm and lovely it was. She would say one thing and it would make my brother and sister and I calm down. No matter what was happening at the time. The sound of her voice made us all feel like we were protected. And we were.
“Do you have any siblings?” Titan raised his head and looked at me.
I froze, shocked of the question. I was so used to him just stating rules and tips. There was never a time he tried to get to know me more than his yard partner. I felt honored, excited even. My tail wagged and I licked my lips.
“Yes, I am one of three. I have a brother and sister.” 
He shifted his body to the left, as if to lay down, “I don’t remember what my siblings looked like. It has been too long. But I remember their names.”
“My sister’s name is Diamond, and my brother’s name is Tony. I remember what they look like, we were all close,” I looked to the side, “Until we went to different homes, that is.”
“That’s what happens, kid.” Titan stretched his front legs out and rolled to his side, letting out a deep sigh as he licked his lips, “They get you, and then they dump you. Or leave you to die.”
“Is that what the man is doing to you?” I cocked my head to the side.
He shot me a look and I immediately regretted asking, but it was out, floating around us.
“Yeah, thank goodness. I was getting too old to do what he wanted, and he saw that. I am just glad he leaves me be. Now I am just a lawn ornament. But I don’t mind it; It’s peaceful.” 
I looked down at the patterns in the dirt beneath my paws, “Is that why he got me?”
Titan looked at me then shut his eyes and looked to the side, “Yes, I am afraid so.”
“Is that how you got those marks? Am I going to get those marks, too?” I arose and took a couple steps back, letting out a whine.
“Kid…”
“It is!” I whined and backed up more, tugging on the chain around my neck, “I don’t want to—I don’t want to be here no more!”
“Calm down!” Titan stood up and let out a bark.
I stopped and stood still, my heart feeling as if it would jump out of my chest. All I could think about was that smell of the body that was in the back of the man’s car. I didn’t want to end up like that, I couldn’t. I wanted to leave, wanted to go home, and especially wanted my mother. 
I began to panic, tugging on the chain and whining uncontrollably. Hoping the man would come out and see that I wanted to go home, maybe he would take me back.
“Kid…” 
I ignored him and continued to cry, jumping up on my hind legs and barking as the chain tightened around my neck. I barked, and barked until my throat hurt. Pulling endlessly on the chain that held me back, hoping it would magically fall off and I could run away and be with my family once again. But that wasn’t the case, and it was the only thing holding me back from freedom.
The front door slammed and footsteps approached. I stopped jumping and sat on the ground, my tail wagging with joy. Finally, the man heard me!
I wait patiently for him to come over, I knew deep down he understood that I no longer wanted to be here. That I didn’t want to end up like the other dog in the back seat. That I had a family waiting for me and I wasn’t meant to be his ‘Lawn Ornament’ and chained up to this tree forever.
He got closer and I looked up to him as he stood over me. I continued to wag my tail, maybe if he saw that I was happy, he would understand. But that wasn’t the case.
The moment he pulled his hand back I flinched. But that made him angrier. He screamed the same word over and over as he whipped me. All I could do was just take it, so it was a good thing I was used to it. He stopped and placed his hand over my mouth, shutting my jaws so tight that I had almost bitten off my tongue. 
He growled in my face, throwing spit at me as I cowered down, trying helplessly to disappear into the ground. But if only it was that easy… 
He threw my head to the side and stood up, walking back to his home as I laid there in agony, my entire body was aflame from the stings. Some places worse than the others. Everything grew quiet as I laid there, slowly putting my head on the ground as I let out a soft cry. Scared it would bring him back swinging.
“Haven’t you learned?” Titan let out a whine as he laid down in front of me.
My throat hurt, I wanted to just cry the pain away, but I felt as if I had already embarrassed myself and didn’t want to make myself look like a baby, so I kept a straight face as I felt myself slowly dying inside.
“The only thing you are supposed to do out here is act like you aren’t even out here. It is how you stay out of trouble, kid.” Titan licked his lips as he looked at me.
I let out a soft whine as I sighed, “I just don’t understand—why? Why does he want us out here all the time?”
Titan lifted his head and cocked it to the side, “It’s because he needs you to protect him.”
I lifted my head up as I looked at him.
“Yeah,” his voice sounded enthused, “They can’t protect themselves all the time, so they have us out here, so we can protect them from anything that wants to come inside of the house. Whenever you see someone you don’t know, you bark. It tells them someone is here.”
I cocked my head to the side, “Really? Is that why he hit me when I was barking? ‘Cause there wasn’t anyone coming to the house?”
“That’s exactly why.”
Now it all made sense. The reason we were stuck out here wasn’t because the man didn’t want us, it was because he wanted us to protect him from the outside of his home, the parts where he can’t see. It all makes sense, it was like a weight off of my shoulders. My tail swayed from side to side as I came up with silly scenarios in my head. Hoping they would soon come true. 
The man did care for us. He is just teaching us how he lives, just like the others. Why didn’t I see this before?
“Thanks Titan,” my tail wagged happily.
“For what?”
“For telling me the truth finally.” I laid on my side as he looked at me, his eyes seemed flustered as I waited for him to respond. My tail stopped and I observed him, the bags under his eyes seemed to have gotten bigger.
“You’re welcome… Pup.”
There was something about the way Titan looked at me that day. I didn’t know what it was. He looked concerned, scared even. I tried to get it out of him. But that day was the only day he told me what was really going on, why the man treated me the way he did. And after that it all made sense. But the look on Titan’s face never really went away. But the training continued, as did the beatings.


CHAPTER TWO 

As the man continued teaching me his ways, each day the smacks got less and less, as if I was finally doing it right—finally.
The man taught me how to bite, how to use my teeth to rip up the stuffed animal, and the fact that it felt good. Hearing the sound of it tearing and being able to clench down and shake the fluff out of the body of the toy. Even though I didn’t understand why he wanted me to learn this, I never asked questions, because questions and second guessing resulted in punishment. And the older I got the more the punishment grew severe. 
 But I learned to do what I was told. To trust the man and to understand what it was he wanted me to do. Of course, I had Titan helping me every step of the way. He would always explain to me what I had to do. So I got it right on the first try. 
“Just don’t forget who you are.” 
Titan would always repeat these words, every time I came back from training he would look me in the eye, making sure I was looking in his and say it. 
“I know who I am.” I would say.
Sometimes I would believe it, other times I am not to sure. Each day I slowly forget what my mother’s voice sounds like, and that scares me to not be able to remember.
“Titan,” I looked up from the ground and cocked my head to the side, “Do you remember what your mother sounds like?”
He turned his head to me and licked his lips, the crust around his eyes moved as he blinked.
“I remember exactly what she looked like, kid. Her beautiful blue coat and her long floppy ears. The world turned when she would smile at my siblings and I. Her green eyes were always shining.”
My gaze fell to the ground beneath me, I wasn’t stupid, the sound of his voice made me understand he was lying. But I just nodded and played along with him, giving him the credit he deserves for trying to make me feel better about the entire situation.
I didn’t say anything, just nodded, sighed and put my head down as he stared at me.
“You don’t believe me, huh?” he cocked his head to the side as he yawned, “I know. I just—”
“Why would you lie?” my head lifted up, “You could have just told me the truth.”
“Because the world is a scary place, kid. And your soul is too pure to see the harsh truth of reality. You don’t need to go through what I have been through. I just wanted to keep your mind young. That’s all.”
 “What did you go through?” 
He looked to the side as his ears pulled back, his eyes surveyed the ground as his tail froze in place. And in just his body movement, that’s when I understood what he went through even though he didn’t even have to say it, his body language said it all. 
Titan doesn't remember his siblings, or his mother, I couldn't imagine life without my mother's comforting voice and face, though each time I tried to remember her voice or picture her face, it wouldn't be right. So I would think and think, begging my mind to remember, just remember her face, her voice— oh her lovely, sweet voice.
I wish I could remember. 
Please let me remember. 
My effort seemed useless, no matter how bad I tried to remember, it was no use and each time I tried it got further away. 
Without realizing it, I let out a loud whine. Feeling my heart rip into pieces as I felt as if I had let my mother down, let my family down. 
Let myself down. 
“Don't do that.”
“Do what?” I lifted my head up.
“Overthink. You stay in your mind and it will kill you faster than life does.”
He was right, I was always in my head. But I couldn’t help it, I was the only one who understood what I was going through. I didn’t understand the voice in my head. But I knew one thing, that voice in my head would never change. And I knew that I had to always remember who I am, that voice is a reminder of who I am and why I am the way I am. I knew I wouldn’t change. How could I?
The back door slammed shut and the man started out with a leash in his hand. I stood up, excited. A walk! It has been forever since I went for a walk, I missed the fresh air, the new smells and meeting new faces. I walked towards him as the chain around my neck grew tight, wagging my tail to the thought of feeling the sidewalk once more.
He came close to me and I bent my head down, tail still wagging as he took the chain off of me and hooked the leash on my collar. 
“Kid,” Titan stood up as I looked over to him, “Remember who you are. Don’t forget.”
I didn’t understand, I was just going for a walk. I knew who I was. Knew what I was doing. The man pulled my leash and I followed him out of the yard. 
I jumped forward as the large gate slammed shut behind me. I twirled around to look at it, I have never had the chance to see anything outside of the back yard. The gate towered over me.
“C’mon!” the man yanked my leash, and I was led into the back of his car.
I didn’t know where we were going, but all at the same time I was happy to be free of that yard, to be away from that tree. I sat down in the back of the car, looking around and sniffing every corner to learn new smells that caught my interest. 
After the man got into the car, I let out a whine, remembering the last time I was in here. What I had saw, but the bag was gone; the matted fur, the dark liquid, it was all gone. But I still felt a little uneasy.
Maybe he was taking me back home? No, his house was home. I knew that. The backyard, the tree, and Titan. That was home, that was where I belonged. But a part of me still wished I would be able to go back to my real family, my blood.
I was jerked backwards as the car sped forward, my head hit the back of the window, and I was cursed at, but it wasn’t my fault, so I just pulled my ears back and slowly laid down hoping it would stop me from hitting my head again.
The ride didn’t seem too long, though the heat made it seem like it took forever. The man had his windows down which filled the car with amazing smells, though I couldn’t see just what the smells were, it was awesome to just picture what it could have been in my head. It was like a game.
The car ride had stopped and I jumped on my feet, tail wagging wholeheartedly as I waited patiently for the man to let me out of the car to see the destination we were at. Was it a park? Was I about to play with other dogs? I could barely contain my excitement before the door was opened, and I was let out. 
But seconds before I was able to run, the man grabbed a hold of my leash, and I was pulled backwards. I followed him, my head to the ground nose freaking out as I tried helplessly to gather all the unfamiliar scents that surrounded us. That’s when I caught one, it was a fairly familiar type of smell. I knew what it was, but not who it was. But I guess I was about to find out.
The man dragged me towards the large house as my tail quickly went between my legs, the gate slammed shut as we passed through it. I felt as if the dog that lived here wouldn’t be so kind to see an intruder in his house. He would attack me, I was sure of it. But I could fight back because it wasn’t my fault the man had brought me in his house. It would have been his fault. But I knew the man wouldn’t allow me to get hurt.
He banged on the door with his fist and seconds later another man came out of the house as the stale smell of food and poop followed behind him.
“Is he ready yet?” the other man’s voice seemed scratchy.
“Not yet.” I felt my leash tug.
“Then what the hell are you doing here, Craig?”
“You said I can bring him here whenever I want to train him. I’ve taught him the basics.”
“This isn’t a rushing process man, you better come back when he is a bit older. So he can actually do some damage.” the man began shutting the door before my leash was tugged on and the man’s hand stopped the door from closing.
“I’ll pay.” 
There was silence from the two of them before we began inside. As I stepped in, the stench of the other dog that lived here filled the air. We walked through the home as I repeatedly rehearsed what I was going to say to the dog that lived here. How I was going to apologize to him for just coming in uninvited.
We turned a corner and went down a hall and I still have yet to be greeted by the other dog. I kept my guard up though, making sure I smelled every unfamiliar scent in there, making sure there was no trouble. For the man’s sake. 
I stopped suddenly when the sound of barking was heard. A harsh yank on my leash made me jump forward, staying beside the man. We went through a door to the left as the sound of barking got louder. And that’s when I heard them.
We entered the room filled with cages, it looked almost like jail. The dogs in there barked at me, snapping snarky comments and warnings. I stayed by Craig, hoping he’d take me out of there just as fast as we came in. But when we stopped in the middle of the musty room, in front of a metal door, I soon knew otherwise.
“Put him in there, I’ll get Mac.” the other man walked off as Craig opened the metal gate and shoved me inside before following me and slamming it shut. 
I sniffed the ground around my paws, trying to find any familiar scent, but the dark spots on the ground gave off such a putrid smell, I couldn’t continue to smell around. My head perked up to the sound of scratching on the ground. I walked forward, my tail slowly swaying as I listened and continued to smell around. Something told me that that was the dog that lived in the home and I quickly repeated my apology to make sure I got it right on the first try.
My leash was pulled back as I followed the man to the other side of the box like room we were in. My tail hit the cold metal behind me as the door opened in front of us and the other man entered with another dog in his grip. 
The dog had something around his mouth and his tongue was hanging out of the side of it.
I cocked my head to the side, Maybe it's a toy he got stuck on his head.
I took a step towards the other dog with my head low, trying to let him know I meant no harm.
“I didn’t mean to intrude, my owner—” 
The strain on my neck was suddenly lost. I froze, looked back to my owner to make sure I was okay to be off the lead just as he pointed in front of me and spoke in an excited tone.
“Get him!”
What? Surely he didn’t mean…
A swift kick made me cringe and walk forward with my tail between my legs.
“Get him!” the man’s angry voice gave me flashbacks of being beaten at my other home.
I didn’t understand what he wanted from me and I surely didn’t want to be hit again. A sharp growl made me turn around and that’s when I saw the other dog lunge. I froze, cringed and expected to feel a horrid pain. But was only knocked to the ground as the other dog was on top of me, growing in my face. That thing around his muzzle hid his teeth.
“Fight me.” his voice was muffled but understandable.
“What why?” 
He backed off of me, letting me up.
“I told ya he wasn’t ready, Craig!”
“Shut up! Get him jackass!”
The anger in my owner’s voice sent a chill down my spine. My tail went between my legs as I walked towards him. He pulled his leg back and struck me in the side, making me run back into the middle of the small room.
“This is a fighting ring, kid. Fight me or you will be beaten.” the dog came in my face and that’s when I noticed all the cuts and scars on his face that the thing was also covering up.
“I don’t wanna hurt you. I don’t even know you…” My legs quivered beneath me from the pain and fear.
I didn’t want to hurt him, I’m not about to hurt him. I’m not like that. He then growled and jumped on me, pushing me back a bit before knocking me down and getting on top of me.
“You need to fight back; get angry. Attack me, that’s what you’re here for. You were born to kill. You’re supposed to be a monster, you are a pit bull so act like it!” 
Thoughts raced through my head, I’m a pit bull? Didn’t understand what that means, I’m no monster. I wasn’t born to do anything. This was all confusing. 
“You’re no dog…” he got off of me and backed away. 
I laid there as my owner screamed at me. Confusing words filled the air as a pain in my chest emerged, filing my body with an emotional pain I couldn’t stand to bear. I didn’t want to. I really didn’t want to. 
But I knew I had to.
I quickly got up, teeth bared as a snarl ripped through the air. I lunged at him, grabbed a hold of his leg, tripping him onto his side as I went for his throat. Though I didn’t bite hard, just enough to inflict a small amount of pain.
My owner’s tone got less angry and the feeling of joy overwhelmed the fear. I had finally done something right, he was no longer mad at me.
But my teeth were still around the other dog’s neck as he pawed my face and chest, trying to get loose. I clenched down and started shaking my head, his flesh still between my teeth. 
He let out a sharp yelp and I quickly jumped back, letting off him. My tail went between my legs and I backed up.
“I--I’m sorry I didn’t mean—”
He let out a growl, cutting me from my words, “Don’t be sorry, kid. Is that the best you got? You’re a punk. You’re never going to please your master.”
I lowered my head, showing my teeth as he did the same, but only his were hid behind the thing around his face. I looked into his eyes before charging him, biting and scratching at his face and body as my owner cheered on, encouraging me to attack him.
And I didn’t even know him.


CHAPTER THREE

The large gate slammed shut behind us as Craig lead me back home. I kept my head low, afraid to open my mouth in fear of tasting that awful liquid again. The liquid I knew that was on that body in the car when I first came here. I saw Titan’s head pop up as we entered the yard but I kept my head low as we approached the tree where I was so used to being trapped on.
The man unhooked my lead and replace it with the chain. And as he walked away I studied him while millions of thoughts raced through my head. I didn’t know what to think, didn’t know what was good, what was bad. But I was getting a rough picture of it.
“You okay, kid?” Titan’s voice sent chills down my spine and I turned my head towards him.
“I can’t believe I had to do that…” I laid down on the ground.
“Kid, I hate to say this but, that was just the beginning. But you need to hang in there.” 
I turned my head to the sound of his voice. I didn’t want to hear any of his advice. He doesn’t understand. I hurt that dog out of fear, I did. And I liked it. I actually liked it. 
“What’re you doing?” Titan’s voice sounded concerned, “What did I tell you about that?”
I got up and charged him, only to be forcefully stopped by the chain around my neck.
I growled and snapped at him, “Why am I the one that has to do this? It’s not fair!”
My bark echoed off the trees in the yard. My eyes lowered to the ground as Titan stared at me.
“Nothing is fair kid. It’s called life and only the strong survive. That’s why you gotta do whatever is necessary to live, and even if that means hurting or killing others, then so be it. You are still in training kid, soon enough you will have to make that decision to live or die. And remember the moment it comes, it will change your soul, so that's why you must remember who you are. I am not what I’ve done. None of us are, kid. Don’t let it consume you.”
Titan was right. I was letting it get to me. My ears went back and I sat on the ground as my head lowered. I turned around and walked back over to my tree, circling a patch of dry dirt before laying down and letting out a sigh.
I felt Titan’s eyes still on me. But I continued to lay there, my eyes focused on the tiny insects on the dirt as they formed a line to their home and the grass. Though I understood what he was saying, it still was a lot to take in. A lot to process. But if he was right and I did have to make that decision, I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to do it. And that’s the thing that scared me the most.
 The back door slammed open and the sound of a bag made me perk m head up suddenly. Food? I know that sound anywhere. I stood up, looking at my bowl as I wagged my tail. The man poured a cup of food into my bowl and walked away as I quickly ran to it, devouring it all before he walked back inside. But as I heard the back door slam shut I let out a soft whine, secretly wishing I had more.
I laid back down and licked my lips, savoring the beefy taste of the food I just scarfed down without even being able to taste the full flavor of it. My eyes wandered around the yard, to the ground in front of me to Titan next to me. He was asleep, laying on his side underneath the tree. I studied him, appreciating him all while feeling regret that I always took him for granted. He has always been there to support me. To teach me the ways of life, so I wasn’t punished (anymore) than I should be.
I respected him for that. Respected him for the fact that he has been through so much, and he still has the power to help a kid in need because I’m not smart enough to do this on my own.
I began to close my eyes, my mind wondering as I slowly drifted off to sleep. But not even a second after I closed my eyes I was hit in the back with a large sharp object. I quickly stood up, looking around the yard only to see nothing and meet eyes with Titan whose head was popped up and on alert. 
The object that had hit me now laid on the ground next to me, it was a ball. I stood up and approached the ball, smelling it before looking at the fence behind me. 
“What is it?” I heard Titan’s chain move.
As I sniffed the ground, I began to approach the fence. Movement from behind it made me jump back and let out a growl. The movement stopped and I approached the gate once more, this time I was quiet about it as I made sure that what was behind it didn’t see me.
I put my nose through a small hole and took a smell before backing up and looking through it. At first, I didn’t see anything, then a small eye appeared and as it looked at me I just stared back, smelling an unfamiliar scent that came through the fence. As I let out a high-pitched bark and the eye turned into a boy. I froze and my ears went back as I wagged my tail and sat down in the dirt. Letting out a whine, in hopes to let the boy know I wasn’t a bad dog.
“Are you a good boy?” 
I didn’t understand what was spoken but I continued to wag my tail for the simple fact that he was speaking to me. He then came back to the fence, putting his hand against the hole as I licked it. The boy giggled and backed away. 
“I have a dog, her name is Belle. She is a good girl, like you.” he backed away from the fence and picked up another ball from the ground, “You can have that ball, I have two more.” 
I watched him as he walked away, my tail swaying with every move he made. Once he was out of sight I stayed there, hoping he’d come back soon, and we could play, but he did not come back, and I was left there with my tail still wagging and I didn’t know why it still was. I moved away from the fence and quickly grabbed the ball that was next to my tree, lying down with it in my mouth.
I wanted to tear it up so bad but I just laid down with it halfway out of my mouth, it felt good rubbing against my teeth.
I heard Titan laugh, “Looks like someone made a friend.”
Looking up at him, I wagged my tail, continuing to chew on the ball. All my anger and frustrations seemed to wash away as I bit and pushed the ball. This was my first toy and I enjoyed every minute I had it. I jumped up, letting out a high pitch playful bark as I nipped and pushed it with my muzzle. 
The back door slammed shut and I almost immediately froze, dropping the ball and staying still as my tail swayed with each step the man took towards me. My ears went back and I began flicking my tongue as he approached me with such anger in his eyes. His hands were in fists as he bent down and snatched up the ball from in front of me. I started to lunge for it, but quickly backed down and got to the ground. 
I saw him pull his hand back and I flinched, taking a smack to the side. My tail went between my legs as I stayed there, taking the beating for something I didn’t know I was doing wrong. He grabbed my mouth and yanked my head up, putting the ball in my face as he screamed.
I had no idea what I had done wrong. Or why I was being hit. Craig threw my head to the side then swiftly tossed the ball back over the fence behind me. I turned to the fence and my ears went low and as I turned back I saw the man swing and quickly flinched, expecting a blow to the face once more but instead he grabbed my head once more and lifted me up to his face.
“Leave the damn ball alone!”
He threw my head to the side then stood and walked away. I sat there, my eyes wandering from spot to spot as I let out a cry and laid down.
“It was bound to happen, kid. We don’t get toys.” Titan’s chain fell to the ground.
I stopped myself from saying it wasn’t fair because I reminded myself that this is how life is, nothing is fair. This was something I had to constantly remind myself. 
I laid on the ground, watching the small animals and how they worked together to bring food to the grass. I have always wondered why they did that. Maybe they were feeding the grass? It didn’t make sense though. But what part of life does? 
My eyes started to get heavy as they slowly started to close. I fought the sleepiness for as long as I could, but within a second all I remember seeing was blackness.



CHAPTER FOUR

He watched as the ball bounced away from him. His eyes wondered, but never too far away from it. Even though he stayed where he was, there was no denying the pain that lurked within him, the need to escape, to chase and be free. 
But something held him back. Though he knew what it was, he dare not move or break free. The fear of punishment lurking beneath his skin. The ball continued to tease him, but yet he dared not move. How could he stand so still and yet be tempted so much with something his desires ached for?
He did not know. But yet, he remained there, strapped to his tree; his face flushed with markings and body wet with warm liquid. The ball continued to bounce, slamming on the ground in front of him repeatedly. 
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The ground remained still, untouched despite the roughness of the bounce from the ball. The ground around him got wet and darker than usual, but he remained unfazed, focused on the object moving before him.
Dark liquid oozed from his mouth, dripping from his eyelids down to the ground by his paws. He licked his lips, tasting the bitterness of metal that filled his mouth. Deep down he knew what this thick liquid was, but his mouth remained closed, and he remained still, fixated on the ball that was at arm's reach. But never making a move for it.
His mouth opened, but the only sound that came out was a blood-curdling cry, a yell that echoed through the surrounding trees. He lifted his paw as a burning pain shot through his leg. Pieces of his fur started to harden, soaked in blood as his skin slowly started to decay away as he sat there, still focused on the toy bouncing before him. 
With his paw still in the air, his skin that was once beautiful started to fall apart, floating to the ground around him as they formed beautiful flowers once they disappeared into the ground. And as each part of him slowly withered away, his eyes still continued to follow the ball.
Bang! 
Bang! 
Bang! 




CHAPTER FIVE 

My body jolted me awake as the feeling of falling lifted me to my feet. I stretched and yawned, licking my dry lips to moisten them. I shook the dirt off of my body and took a seat as I stared off in a gaze, the flashes of the dream I had just had bothered me. It was disturbing. Really disturbing.
I let out a soft whine and licked my lips once more.
“You okay, pup?” Titan’s voice asked from afar.
 I didn't want to tell him. He was the one who always told me to be strong, and I wasn't about to let him down this time.  Not again. 
“Yeah I'm fine, just thinking about this dream I had. It's no big deal.” I stretched once more before doing behind my tree to do my business. 
As soon as I was done, I heard leaves beyond the fence crunching. I started to growl and move towards the fence, peeking through that tiny hole out to the other side. Only to find another eye staring back at me. 
I began to growl but quickly decided otherwise and started to wag my tail hoping it was who I thought it was.
“Hey boy!” The sound of the kids voice almost immediately made my day.
 I started to whine as my tail began to wag uncontrollably. 
“I brought you a treat.” The boy backed up and threw something over the fence.
I backed up as it landed next to me in the grass. I went up to it to smell it, trying to figure out what it was. It didn't take long for the delicious smell to make my mouth water and for me to scarf it down as the warm taste of the biscuit filled my mouth. More leaves crunched behind the fence and I ran to the hole to look out to the other side. 
I saw the ball he had in his hand and started whining as I sat down.
“How did this get over here?” the high pitch sound of his voice made me even more excited than I already was.
I saw him back up, bouncing the ball in his grip then tossing it back over the fence for me. I ran for it, grabbing it in mid-air before the chain around my neck pulled me back towards the tree. Even though my neck stung, I remained unfazed as I brought the ball back to the fence, wagging my tail the entire way there.
Something landed next to me and I went up to it and smelled it but as I went to eat the biscuit, the boy beyond the fence called and I went to the hole to peek through only to see him as he was walking off.
I whined, hoping he would come back. But he never did.
“Was it that kid again?” Titan’s chains moved and I backed up, going back to the biscuit and picking it up with my mouth. 
Only, I didn’t eat it. I brought it over to Titan and dropped it on the ground in front of him then backed up. 
“I’m guessing it was,” he smelled the biscuit and looked up at me, “What’s this for?”
“I already had one. That's for you.” I wagged my tail and went back to the ball, grabbing it and taking it to my tree. Laying down with it in my mouth and pushing it underneath a pile of leaves.
“You know he’s gonna take it again.” Titan’s mouth was filled as he spoke.
I whined and licked my lips, “Not if he doesn’t see me playing with it.”
He looked up at me and we met eyes. I was scared to get it taken away once more, but if the man didn’t see me playing with it, he wouldn’t have a reason to take it. I wouldn’t play with it, I would just leave it where it was. No one would be able to find it. And it was going to stay like that.
The back door slammed shut and Titan and I both jumped up as the man approached me with a leash in his hand.
I stood up and met him as he took the chain off of me and replaced it with the lead. The man led me out of the backyard and back into the car that I was in yesterday. As he shut the door in my face, I laid down as my thoughts started to drown me. I began to panic in fear of doing what I was forced to do yesterday again, but Titan’s words repeated in my mind and I slowly started to calm down. My chest still throbbed and my mind was still wondering, but it was enough to keep me from breaking down.
We pulled off down the street as I stared out the back window, watching people walk by, run by and even the other dog’s playing and being happy with their humans.
I envied them. Why couldn’t I be like that? Why do they get to be happy? Titan was wrong, this isn’t what a life of a real dog is supposed to be like. So why were we the only ones going through this? I would never understand it. But I guess that's how it was supposed to be.
 We came to a stop and Craig quickly jumped out of the car and came to the back to get me. The back door opened, and I was able to jump out. He grabbed my leash and I waited for him to lead me. 
I was at the same home as yesterday as the all too familiar scents filled the air. As he walked forward, I hesitated only to be yanked forward, towards the house.
The door opened, and we were greeted but the same strange man as before. He let us in, and we walked through the hall, out the same door into the same room that was filled with cages and dogs. 
I toned out what was said. But it was hard to forget what was said by the dogs. Some yelled at me for being there, others asked for help. But most of them explained how they would rip my throat out if they ever got the chance. 
I stayed close to Craig, hoping he would protect me from them. But he just yelled and pushed me away when I got too close. I was put back in the box in the middle of the room, but this time I was alone. As I walked along the corners, I smelled all the scents and stopped at a fresh one. I let out a soft whine and looked up knowing that I would have to hurt that other dog again.
Taps on the floor let me know he was coming. I stood in the far corner as the door to the box opened and the other dog was let in. Before the other man let him off the leash, Craig pulled him close and whispered in his ear.
I saw the other man bend down and take the muzzle off of the dog. I froze, oh no, knowing exactly what was coming next. 
“Get’em!” 
The tone of the man’s voice sent the other dog charging forward. I froze and took a step back but before I could even think about running he barreled into me. Knocking me on my side and taking a chunk out of my left paw. I began yelping, but that only made him bite into me more.
Craig yelled at me as it was laying there taking it. Why won’t he help me? I cried out and grabbed a hold of the dog’s paw and pushed myself up off the ground. I ran towards Craig, my tail hidden between my legs, shaking in fear as I tried to climb over the wall that held us in, but was hit in the face and pushed back in by the one person I needed help from.
“You will have to make that decision to live or die.”
Titan’s words passed through my mind as did everything else. I looked back up to Craig as he continued to scream at me, his arms waving above me as he pointed to the other dog that was headed towards me. My heart screamed in my chest as a pain filled my body. But it wasn’t the same pain I was used to. It was deeper inside of me.
My front paw throbbed in pain and that's when I knew exactly what I had to do. He was going to kill me. I had to stop it, had to protect myself since I was the only one who could.
I turned around just as the other dog was on top of me. I moved to the side and collided head on into him. Biting the first bit of flesh I could get my teeth on and not letting go. He nipped at the side of my face and I shut my eyes and shook my head as I let out a horrid growl. Everything just came out at once. The sound of him crying out made me bite down harder. 
Warm liquid covered my mouth as it dripped down my neck. I let go of his thigh and lunged for his throat as he left it exposed. My teeth sunk into his throat as let out a squeal and struggled in my grip, slowly he went slump and got quiet. But I continued to bite down on his neck, my entire body trembling where I stood. 
Craig came next to me, grabbing the back of my neck and pulling me off of the other dog. I couldn’t take my eyes off of him as he laid there motionless in a pool of blood. Blood. That’s what it was. How could I have been so stupid?
“Good boy, pup.” Craig patted me on the head.
Good? How could what I’ve done be considered good in any way? I hated myself for not stopping, for being too afraid of being beaten than to do what I just did. As I was dragged out of the pen, I never took my eyes off of the body I had just laid down. I couldn’t get the taste out of my mouth or the images out of my head.
 Oh, what have I done? 

CHAPTER SIX

“You okay, kid?” 
The sound of Titan’s voice made me want to just bury myself in the ground. I wanted to tell him the truth. But what would he think of me? How would I think of myself? I couldn’t tell him the truth. I had to keep it to myself. 
“Yes, I’m okay.” I lied.
He looked at me as he stayed laying on the ground. A soft whine came out of me as I stretched and laid on my side as I nuzzled the fallen leaves with my nose, taking in the smell of the dying trees.
Leaves crunched behind me and I stood up, looking at the fence behind me. I already knew who it was.
“Here boy!” the excited tone of the boy's voice made me automatically jolt up and run to the fence, my tail swaying with overwhelming joy. 
I went to the fence and stuck my nose through the hole and smelled as the boy tapped on my nose, making me jump back and whine with excitement. I saw him back up and fling something over the fence. It landed to my left and I quickly scarfed it up and ran back to the fence and peeked through it. 
“You seem hungry, I’ll be back with some good food!” I saw him grab his stuff and take off running. 
I whined and tried to chase him only to be yanked back by the chain that was holding me captive. My neck hurting made me angry. I pulled and pulled on the chain as I screamed at the top of my lungs. I barked and growled and just released my anger. 
“Kid…” 
I yanked as hard as I could on the chain that held me. Trying to get it to move, to break, to even just budge. But nothing was working. I was still stuck. Still chained down.
The back door slammed shut and the sound of Craig’s voice sent chills down my spine. I jumped back and ran to my tree with my tail between my legs as I cowered down, wanting to just sink into the ground.
I knew exactly what came next. 
Before he even had the chance to lift his hand, I cried out. He held my head down by my neck as I just sat there taking it. Hit after hit. I cried out for him to stop, but he never did. He grabbed a hold of my mouth and forced my face into his. I kept my eyes shut as he spit and growled in my face. The foul stench of stale beer made me sick to my stomach.
A growl ripped through the air and the hits suddenly stopped. I got into a ball as I laid there shaking. I looked up to see Titan close to us, his entire body shaking, his teeth were shown and hair raised. 
Craig backed up and came close to him but Titan stood his ground. Teeth still showing. Hair still up.
“You wanna act all big and bad? We’ll see who’s big and bad.” he turned around and walked back into the house.
Titan shook himself off and walked towards me, “What was that about?”
“Nothing.” I laid where I was. My eyes grew wet and sticky as I blinked. My entire body ached and I wanted nothing more than to roll over and die. But I was stuck suffering and no one was able to help me.
“You need to stop dwelling in your pain. That's the worst thing to do kid, it will eat you alive.” 
I groaned, “I’m tired of the advice. Why can’t we just leave?”
“Okay, then go.” he sat down and stared at me.
I growled and looked to the side as my ears went back.
“Thought so. The time will come, kid. Just have a little faith.”
“In what?” I stood up and faced him, “In case you didn’t know, this is only happening to us. To me. You just growled at him, and he didn’t do anything to you. I bark a couple times and I’m the one that gets beaten down? I don’t understand it. Why does everyone hate me? Am I that much of a bad dog? What am I not doing right?”
“Dealing with it.” Titan snapped, “You need to deal with it. That’s how you get out. Now I’m done talking about this with you, kid. I’m going to sleep.”
With that he turned around and went back to his tree and laid down underneath of it. I sat there and watched him. The color around his eyes were darker than the rest of his fur. He was skinnier than I was, but he had more scars on him than I did. 
I sniffed the wound on my leg as it was bothered by dozens of micro insects as they swarmed around it. I started to lick it, trying to clean it. The pain had subsided, but I feared it would turn into them awful scars Titan has. And I didn’t want to look like that. 
I let out one last whine before laying down where I was and drifting to sleep, trying to ignore the throbbing pain in my body. But I wasn’t able to fall asleep while my mind was racing. I opened my eyes and began to look around the yard, trying to get my mind on anything else. 
My eyes got caught on Titan as he slept. The scars on his body and face, how short his ears were and that mine were the same way now. It was hard to see them they were so short, sometimes it was like they weren't even there.
The back door slammed shut and I perked up as Craig came towards us with a leash. I stood up and put my head down, knowing exactly what was next. But he didn’t come to me. He went to Titan and put the leash on him. 
I watched as he led him away from his tree. 
“Titan?” my voice croaked.
He looked at me and licked his lips but didn’t say anything. They got to the fence and Craig looked down at him, “You better lose, dog.”
The fence slammed shut behind him and I started to pull on the chain, whining softly for them to come back. There was only one place that leash goes and I did not want Titan to go.
But there was nothing I could do as I watched them both leave. I took a seat and licked my lips as my tummy rumbled. Twirling around I grabbed the ball I had hidden and laid down with it in my mouth as I cried. The fear of being alone began to get to me, but I sucked it up and chewed on the ball which seemed to calm me down a bit more.
But I laid there in silence as the sounds from over the fence grew louder. The sounds of different pitches the kids made throughout the day always seemed to never bother me, but this time was different. I dropped the ball and went up the fence, peeking my eye through the hole to see to the other side. 
The kids were running around, they had small dogs and little ones too, running around with them. One threw a ball and the little dog ran to catch it.
I started to whine as I sat where I was, continuing to gaze out of the hole while taking in the amazing sights I have never thought to even consider looking at. My tail swayed as I watched in awe at a boy and his large dog as he threw an object and let the dog run back with it. It was almost entertaining to see the repeated process, to see just how far the boy threw the ball and just how fast he retrieved it multiple times again.
I sat still and continued to stare in awe, the kind touch the boy gave and the licks he got back. My ears went back and I felt my heart break. At least that's what I thought it was. I wanted to be with them. To chase the ball too. To give licks and get that same kind of soft touch my body ached for.
But being on this tree, it drove me to the point of insanity. The feeling of wanting to get out sometimes became overwhelming it hurt. All I could to pass time was sleep. But how can you sleep when every part of you ached for freedom?
Going back under my tree, I curled up into a ball next to a dead pile of leaves as I forced my eyes shut. I thought of anything else but where I was, picturing chasing a ball thrown by the boy with a smile on his face, eating a cookie that didn’t come once a month, being wrapped in a large warm blanket next to people that were kind to me. I imagined sleeping inside next to Titan, having our own beds to call ours and even eating a huge bowl of delicious food each day.
My mouth started to water as my tail began to wag. These thoughts made me happy.
“Hello?” the unfamiliar voice made me jolt up. 
I ran over to the fence letting out a low growl as I looked into the hole once more. An eye looked back at me and when it backed up I noticed it was another dog as he wagged his tail.
“Why are you tied up? Are you in trouble?” he was another pup, kind of like me.
“No, I protect the yard.” I wagged my tail as I sniffed the hole, taking in his unfamiliar scent.
“The yard?” his head cocked to the side, “Don’t you go inside?”
I shook my body, getting the dirt off of me as I replied, “No, never do.”
“Not even when it gets cold?” he let out a whine.
“Not even.” 
He came up to the hole once more, and we touched nose to nose as he jumped back, getting down on his paws as he asked to play.
“I can’t leave.” my ears went back.
He whined and came to the hole once more, “We can still be friends. Fence friends. My name is Colby. What’s yours?” 
“My mom always called me Jack.”
“Hey Jack, what happened to your face?” he cocked his head to the side as he sat down.
Flashes of what happened almost knocked me off my feet. What I had done to the other dog. What would he think of me if I were to tell him? I could tell him the truth, but not all of it.
“I got into a fight.” I lowered my head.
“At least you’re okay.”
I licked my lips and wagged my tail as I took a seat. A voice yelled from afar and Colby ran off as he screamed he’ll see me tomorrow. And out of excitement, I stood up, my tail swaying as fast as it could. I’ve always wanted a friend the same age as me.
Running back to my tree something dawned on me, he was happier than I was. He didn’t have to go through what I was going through. He was one of the lucky ones who got to sleep inside. That made me different. And I hope he would accept that of me.
I laid back down on top of my ball and let out a sigh. Titan’s empty spot next to me felt odd to me. I was so used to always seeing him there. I hope he would be okay and could come back, I do need someone to be there with me. 
My eyes grew heavy as I tried to fight my slumber. But it grew too strong and I didn’t even realize I had fallen asleep until I was jolted awake by the sound of the back gate slamming shut and footsteps approaching. 
I saw Titan limping towards his tree with the man behind him, holding his leash that wasn’t even attached to him. I noticed the man turn back towards the house without hooking Titan back on his chain and I jumped up and started to bark, but only got two out before noticing Titan coming closer to me.
His head was down as he limped towards me, his entire body was covered in the same familiar dark liquid I was so used to seeing. My heart raced in my chest as I slowly went up to him, smelling his face as he laid down next to my tree. 
I didn’t want to talk to him, didn’t have to ask him if he was okay, I already knew. The gashes throughout his body told me that well. They covered his chest, his face, and even his sides. The bite marks out of his neck were deeper and had the most blood. 
I let out a cry as I laid down beside him, watching him shake in pain and just lay there without making a sound.
“You’re going to be okay, right?” 
My words didn’t even sound too enthusiastic when they came out. Titan looked at me and opened his lips as he licked the side of his mouth.
“We’re not made to be monsters. We never chose to do this. Don’t let it define you, Jack. Just remember who you are, and you’ll be okay. We’ll be okay.”
I felt my heart rip in my chest and I just laid down and put head on top of his, trying my best to comfort him as he laid there shaking. I cried softly as my eyes got wet and the wind made them sting.
There is something about witnessing someone you love pass away. The feeling you get when you just know. The emptiness that quickly surrounds you and the pain you get in your entire body that makes you basically numb from head-to-toe. 
The moment I lifted my head up and looked over to Titan, I knew. I knew he was no longer suffering. The ground beneath him was covered in blood, his eyes were frozen open as his mouth was left open while his blood soaked tongue hung partially out.
I couldn’t move. I found myself shaking, not understanding what was causing it. My eyes went to the house, wondering when he was going to come back out and help Titan. But no matter how long I stared at the seemly dark house, no one ever came out.
There is no worse feeling than the one of complete helplessness and abandonment, especially when the only ones that can end it, are the only ones causing it.
Why do they force us to be such monsters?


CHAPTER SEVEN 

The days feel like weeks, and even though my time seemed to stop when Titan passed, life continued to go on.
The fights continued to go on. Training and their punishments grew more severe. Instead of his hand, Craig used a long stick and beat me on my side whenever I didn’t do something right. I stopped crying out and forced myself to understand what he wanted. Even though it was hard, I was able to do it.
Felt like all I did was fight. Because that's all I was good for, right? The worst part was coming home after a fight to see Titan’s body still curled up in a ball next to my tree, dead leaves slowly covering his stiff body as it decayed into the ground.
I wouldn’t let anyone near him. For I feared he would be hurt again. I growled and snapped at the birds who tried to get him or the ones who were already on top of him whenever I returned. 
The weather grew bitter and by the time I wasn’t able to see Titan anymore, frozen water fell from the sky once more. It covered everything in sight as it froze my paws with each step I took.
But by then I had acquired a home that was put next to my tree. It was just big enough to lay in. That was the happiest moment when Craig had gifted me with it. It was cold, and being outside was made a lot easier with that. The ground of it was rough, though. So it took some getting used to. 
Everything was so quiet as the frozen water fell slowly. Craig barely came out of his home, part of it was a good thing, it meant I didn’t have to fight for him. But it also meant no food. And he was my only source of it.
Crunches from beyond the fence brought me to my feet. A low growl followed behind me as I ran up to it. I put my nose to the hole and smelled the familiar scent that came through.
“Hey boy!” the excited tone of the boy’s voice made my heart melt. 
This was the first time I’ve seen him since Titan’s death. He sounded different but a part of me still knew it was him. I looked through the hole to see his eye looking back at me.
“You’ve gotten big.” 
I whined in happiness, the urge to break free became overwhelming to the point I had to back away and put my head low.
“Sorry I didn’t come around, my parents have been fighting…”
I cocked my head to the side as he spoke. Even though I had no clue what he was saying, it was still a good feeling to know he was talking to me. I let him talk while I sat there, looking out of the hole as he spoke, studying his movements and the tone of his voice as it changed. 
I whined once more, then got up and began to dig at the dirt beneath the fence, once the ice was away, the ground was hard as rock. But I continued digging, trying to get to the other side. I stopped once I was able to put half of my head underneath of it.
And that's just what I did. I put my head underneath of it and stayed there. The boy looked scared as he stood above me a couple feet away. 
I waited for him to approach me, I knew he might be a bit scared to come close. But once he did eventually come over, he bent down and reached his hand out and stroked my head as my tail swayed side-to-side frantically.
He pulled his hand back and I licked him, giving him the same affection he has given me. A trick we do to earn and give respect.
I saw him pull something out of his side then wave it in my face. A cookie!
My stomach hurt so bad the smell of it reminded me of just how hungry I was. He held it out and I softly grabbed it out of his hand and pulled my head back from under the fence and ate it.
My head jolted up to the sound of crunching. I went to the fence and saw him walking away. My heart sank, I didn’t want to be alone again. 
I let out a cry then sat down and watched him go because there was nothing I could do to bring him back, no matter how bad I wanted him to. As I walked back to my tree, my stomach rumbling from the reminder of how starved I was. Laying back down inside of my makeshift home, I let out a long sigh as I licked my lips and looked round the yard. 
The urge to escape became repetitive and I no longer tried to give in to it. It became a part of living and a feeling I was all too familiar of having. The cold days were short but hard to stand. The temperature made it almost impossible to sleep and my hunger made me always want to do that. 
I kept the ball the boy gave me in the small home I had. It was hid away in the corner covered in frozen mud and grass. I never chewed on it though, I wanted to keep it just the way it was. That way I would always have it whenever I came back. And I always came back.
The sound of a car door slamming brought me out of my mind, the place I have been stuck in lately. At first, I thought it was the neighbor but when yet another slammed and footsteps crunched the snow on the ground, I quickly stood up and watched the gate to see if anyone was going to walk through. 
I heard a loud yell then a quick sharp yelp before the gate door opened and Craig came walking through. But he strangely wasn’t alone. 
Below him, being led on a leash, was a small wobbly pup that followed him close to his legs as he led him to Titan’s once tree. I watched as he grabbed the pup by the skin on his neck and chain him to the tree. The metal around his neck looked twice the size as he was. 
Without even glancing over to me, Craig stood straight up then walked over to the gate and left. The pup strained on the chain and barked at nothing. He spun in circles, trying helplessly to get out of the chain before realizing he was trapped there. Just the same as I was.
He let out one last whine and turned to me. I stood, staring at him, watching him as I saw myself in the same place as he was not too long ago.
“What’s your name?” the pup cocked his head to the side as he came close, his tail swaying anxiously. 
I grunted and turned away from him, going back inside my home and laid down. The chain that tied him got tight as he tried to come closer. He jumped and spun as the chain held him in place.
“It’s cold… When can we go inside?” 
I groaned and laughed to myself, my eyes closing shut as I attempted to sleep.
“My name’s Nico… by the way…” 
His voice trailed off and as I looked over to him, I noticed how skinny he was, how much he was shaking where he laid. And as I looked at him, I saw me. 
Was I really that blind? 
Out of everything that was going on, I was so blind to it all. I hated myself for not knowing, for not understanding what was asked of me, for being so stupid and selfish. 
I now understood that it wasn’t just me.
“We don’t go inside.” I stood up and stretched, “That’s just how it is here, kid. You do what you're asked and there won't be any punishment.”
“And we’re asked to sit here all day tied to this tree?” 
I looked at him and yawned, “Afraid so.”
A part of me hated him, for the simple fact that the spot he was in was Titan’s. He didn’t belong. And the other part of me envied him for the fact that he was still so young and didn’t understand what was happening to us, the fact that he had yet to see any of the things I’ve seen or done.
He was still so innocent. And what I wouldn’t give to go back to that.
“How long have you been tied here?” the kid was to grown for his size, he spoke like he understood everything and questioned nothing.
“Too long to remember, kid.” I sniffed the ground around my tree and proceeded to urinate.
“Does he feed us?” 
I laughed and shook the dirt off of my body, “Sometimes.”
He let out a soft whine and looked down to the ground, his small body shivering as he scanned the ground around him. Now I understood why Titan always lied to me. 
He made being out here seem so amazing until the time I was old enough to figure out it wasn’t. The look on his face as probably the same one I always had, the look of wanting to lie to make the kid feel just a bit better about the situation he was in.
“We are here to guard the house.” Without any hesitation, I let out the same lie I believed for years. And as I said it, I believed it all over again.
His head perked up, and he cocked his head to the side. His floppy ears curved over his head; Something I wish still happened to me. 
“Where’s your ears?” The question hit me by surprise. 
I never thought about the emptiness I felt on the top of my head for the past couple years ever since they were taken.
I didn’t want to tell him the truth. And I couldn’t pick out a good enough lie to tell. I mean, they were still there. They still worked, but they were so small, so unnoticeable. I looked down then sighed, and he then stood up and came towards me.
“Not my place to ask, old man. Say, what’s there to do here that's fun?”
My head jumped up and tilted, “I’m not old.”
“You sure look it.”
I growled and stood up, and he laughed then took a couple steps backwards. 
“Just trying to have a little fun, geez.”
I showed my teeth, “Well you’re pissing me off so stop.”
His ears went back, and he got low as I turned around and went back into my small home to lay down.
“I didn’t mean to…” he trailed off as I shut my eyes and took a breath, trying to ignore the world and fall asleep.
The sound of the snow crunching made my eyes shoot open, only to see Nico jumping on the melted ice that was dripping off of the tree above him. I watched as he leaped into the air trying to bite the falling water from the tree.
I moaned and closed my eyes once more, keeping them shut even though all the noise he was making drove me nearly insane. 
I don’t know how I am going to be able to deal with this…

CHAPTER EIGHT 

I couldn’t believe it with my own eyes, Nico actually made being out here all the time fun. And even in the snow. He starved along with me but instead of sleeping the winter away like I always did, he played by himself. Keeping his mind running all the time. Along with my nerves.
By the time the snow on the ground melted, he had run out of ideas to keep him occupied. I didn’t mind though, it was enough to let me get a good sleep in. But the second I thought I could actually sleep, I was awakened by the sound of the back door slamming shut. 
Craig came into view has he held a large bag of kibble in his arms. I stood up as my tail swayed, I knew exactly what was in that bag. Little Nico obviously did too, he jumped around where he was, pulling helplessly on his leash to get closer to him. Craig came close to me as he filled a large bowl up with food, then not even a minute later he went and filled a bowl for Nico as well.
I didn’t wait for him to walk away, I dove right into the pile of kibble as my stomach cried with joy. This was the best part of winter. I was so busy enjoying my meal I didn’t even notice Craig walking back into his home until the door slammed shut behind him.
“He’s nice!” Nico’s voice exclaimed from the side.
I looked up at him and showed my teeth in a mix of a smile and a growl. This kid had no idea what life was like, but maybe that was the best thing for him.
Then yet again, he started to act erratic, jumping around and yapping at the air, making a stupid high pitch noise as he went on.
“You’re going to get in trouble…” I warned, letting out a yawn.
Yet he continued to do it. He jumped up and yipped, making the air cringe at the sound.
The back door slammed and I jumped up, “Kid, really. Stop.”
But Nico continued to jump around and bark, not paying any attention to Craig raging towards him until there was a fist hitting him in the side.
Nico yelped but Craig just kept having at him. Not letting up. I let out a soft whine as he hit him continuously. Seemed like he would hit him for hours if he could. Nico was laying on his side with his stomach showing, trying anything he could to make him stop. But he kept at it.
Flashes of times he would strike me filled my head. The times I cowered down, just as he was. The sound of the swings as they collided with my skin. It sent shivers down my spine until I wasn’t able to deal with it any longer.
I lunged, only stopping when my chain got tight around my neck. I barked and snarled at the man, letting all my anger and pain out at him. He stood where he was and just faced me, a blank expression on his face. I froze as I looked him in the eye, letting out a low growl as the hair on my back stood up and I shook where I stood.
He was no farther than a few feet in front of me. He walked away from Nico and came towards me slowly, and then all at once as he waved his arms in the air and screamed words at me. I got low and backed up, my tail between my legs as I cowered beneath my tree. He started swinging and kicking as soon as I was able to smell the foul smell that came from his mouth.
I froze where I was and just cried out each time he hit me. I became so blind to the pain that I no longer was able to hold in the shrieks of pain, and they were the things that made him even angrier at me.
“Stop!” a voice screamed beyond the fence.
Craig stumbled backwards and raced towards the fence, yelling and cursing underneath his breath the entire way there.
I laid where I was shivering in pain. I dare not move, frozen stiff with pain and fear. 
“Fucking kids…”
He walked past me sluggishly and so slow I was afraid he would turn back around and come back swinging more. But he walked inside of his home, and we were left in silence. 
I whined as my eyes grew wet and I looked up at Nico who had his eyes focused on me as he sat where he was, noticeably shaking. 
I stood up on wobbly legs as I painfully approached him, my side throbbing with pain.
“I’m not letting you figure out like I did. Kid, there is a lot you don’t know about this life.”
“Why did he hurt us?” his voice broke.
I looked down and let out a whine, “You need to fight.”
“What?”
“It’s a kill or be killed world out here. The man is keeping you out here so you can get strong so you can fight. Murder.”
“I don’t understand…” he cocked his head to the side as his ears went back.
“You will.” I yawned and looked at him, “In time. You will. But for now, lay there and shut up. That's all is asked of us.”
I turned and started back to my tree, laying back underneath of it as he spoke up once more.
“Why do we have to fight?”
“Because we are pit bulls. That’s why, we are monsters and nobody likes us.” I growled, “Now shut up.”
“I’m not a monster though…” he cried as he lowered his head to the ground.
I sighed and looked away from him. They made us monsters when they forced us to the fight. They made us aggressive when they abused us. This was their fault, not ours, now they must deal with the consequences.


CHAPTER NINE

Each time I saw that leash I knew what I was in for. I knew where it would take me and what I would be forced to do. Seeing it for the first time after winter ended, was like seeing it for the first time again.
A part of me hated it, dreaded leaving the safety of the back yard. But the other part of me lusted for it. The feeling as if I had to do this took over once I was in that car headed towards the home.
When the man came out with the same leash the next day, I knew exactly where I was going. And as Nico, I shot him a look from across the yard.
Craig put me into the back of his car, and we sped off down the street as he blared this noise that made my head hurt. I laid down and gazed out the window to the area that surrounded us.
As we turned the corner, a familiar face stared back at me. The kid stood with another dog by his feet, he watched us as we sped past him. The dog around his legs suddenly turned and I saw just how beautiful she actually was. My mouth went agape as I stared at her in awe.
I about broke my neck as we turned the corner. She was the most beautiful thing I have ever laid my eyes on. Her beautiful image stayed in my head as we drove.
By the time we got to our destination I didn’t want to get out. I wanted nothing more than to stay there and think up so many things I wanted to say to her. But I was forced out by his hands. I followed him to the same spot as before. The small square box in the middle of the room. The spots of dried blood were still visible and the smell of fresh blood made my nose cringe.
But once again I was forced in the corner and held there. For the first time there were people gathering around us on the sides of the pen I was in. My owners excited voice made me much more anticipated than I ever expected to be.
The opposing fighter entered the ring with his owner holding him back as well. His muscles bulged right out of his skin, almost looking like they were going to burst.
He barked and raged as I stared at him, anger filled my chest, making the fear and regret lift off my shoulders. I showed my teeth and snarled, snapping at him as I pulled towards him. 
The yelling grew louder and we were both let loose. I charged and hit him head-on. I pawed and scratched at his chest and bit the sides of his head as he did the same to me.
Craig cheered me on, his screams echoed through my head. We circled each other, teeth baring as a roar ripped through the air when we lunged at one another. 
He pushed me to the ground as he grabbed a hold of my front paw, I knew if I yelped it would make him want to hurt me more, so I forced myself to hold in and take the pain as I nipped and bit at his bicep. 
I squealed then reached up and took hold of the back of his paw, sinking my teeth into his flesh. He let go of my leg and backed up, making my teeth rip a bit of flesh from his leg.
I got up and faced him once more, my teeth showing as blood seething through them. As I glared in his eyes, my gaze slowly lowered to a familiar marking on the right side of his chest. I froze but still stood my ground. Memories drowned my focus and make me realize who I was really up against.
“Tony…?”
The other dog’s head jerked up but sure enough it was my brother. The heart shaped white patch gave that away. The surrounding crowd screamed and jeered on, but I was frozen still as I stared into the eyes of my brother.
He growled and charged me, snapping at my shoulder as I dodged and ran behind him with my head and body low.
I didn’t want to hurt my brother…
“Tony it's me—” he barked and charged me once more, knocking me to the ground and biting the side of my neck.
I squealed out in pain, but I refused to get away or fight back. He’s my family.
Craig angrily screamed out awful threats towards me. My brother locked a hold of my neck and started to shake his head, trying to rip out my throat. I looked up at Craig once more as he forced himself through the crowd of people who tried to hold him back. 
The next thing I knew he was in the ring behind me kicking my brother in the head as he forced him off of me. As soon as I knew I was safe once again I got up and ran out of the ring from a hole that was made from the people that were conflicted with Craig.
I darted over to the door I knew was the exit. I sat down as I tried helplessly to ignore the amount of pain that was shooting throughout my body. Panting, I watched as my brother was held back by the man who owned him. They were yelling at the top of their voices at Craig who tried to attack the man who had Tony in his grip.
“I want a rematch!” 
I wanted so badly to leave. I softly whined and nudged the knob to the door, waiting for it to magically open and let me out.
“I should kill you where you stand, Craig! Tomorrow night, double the winnings.”
The other man’s voice seemed scarce. Craig and him shook hands and I saw him making his way towards me as he pushed past the others.
I cowered lower as he came towards me, understanding that I was in trouble. I was bad and was sure I had lost the fight. But then again, a part of me was happy that was the case.
Craig grabbed my collar and forcefully led me outside to his car. For once, I was happy to be inside of it. He put me into the back, and we sped off down the road in silence. I sat quietly as I watched him. He made no sound, which both was unsettling and peaceful at the same time. He bit at his lip as he repeatedly glanced at me in the mirror above him.
My entire body ached, my paw and neck were aflame and sticky from the half dried blood that was caked on my fur. I sat there trying to keep my balance as I swayed back and forth from the movement of the car.
I couldn’t help but shake from the pain, thinking I was cold, but with the warm air blasting on my skin, I was anything but.
After two turns we arrived at the man's home, I was terrified to get out. I knew I was in trouble and expecting a smack or two, but as he opened the door to let me out, he grabbed my collar once more and pulled me out of the car.
When I hit the ground, I quickly got low, trying to let him know I was sorry for losing like I did. But he didn’t hit me. He didn’t even kick me. He let go of my collar and walked towards the fence to his backyard. Opening it and waving for me to go in. 
My head jerked up and with my tail low, I quickly ran into the yard as he slammed the gate shut behind me.
“No chain?” I thought to myself.
I looked around the yard which seemed much larger than before. Nico was still chained to the tree as he watched me without movement.
“What h—happened…” his voice cracked with fear.
Ignoring him, I sluggishly walked over to my wooden home and painfully circled twice before laying down.
“Jack…?”
My eyes shut before I even looked at him. I didn’t know how to control my thoughts, they about killed me each time they had me lost. This time seemed worse though. I couldn’t understand why my brother wanted to kill me.
How could he do that to me? I thought he knew who I was. I thought he would remember me. 
But why would he when I didn’t even remember him?
“Are you hurt?”
My nerves shot through the roof I jumped up and charged him, growling as I showed my teeth, “We are not friends and never will be! Leave me alone.”
He got low and cowered down as he shakily walked backwards, away from me. I let out a snarl and walked back over to my tree. And as I laid underneath of it, my eyes grew wet and I began to tremble. 
A pain in my chest formed as I laid there lost in my mind. The images from the fight haunted me to the point I felt paralyzed as I laid there shaking. I never wanted to be put up against anyone else ever again, never wanting to fight again. I can't do it anymore.
The fear of taking another life, let alone my brothers, it terrified me to the point where I couldn't care less if I lost. But if I do lose my next fight, losing means death. And death was the thing that scared me the most.
As I watched the tiny bugs on the ground around me I thought about the other lives I had taken, the joy and need I felt but then the instant regret as I was leaving. The looks on their faces as I sank my teeth into their necks and shook. That's an image that will forever be burned into my head.
A small bark from beyond the fence made my head jump up as I looked around. Behind me I noticed a paw digging through the dirt as a soft whine followed after.
 I growled and ran to the fence, sniffing under it as Nico barked behind me. 
“Jack? It’s me, Colby!” the familiar voice made me turn and snap at Nico, forcing him to be quiet.
I turned and ran up to the hole in the fence, my tail swaying as I looked at my friend.
“Sorry it’s been awhile. I’m here with my human. There are some things happening. How are you?” 
“I’m alive.” I whined.
I sat as he watched me. His eyes glazed over, and he let out a soft whine.
“What happened to you? Are you… okay?”
“No, but I will be.” I wagged my tail and stood up, pawing the dirt below the fence.
“I wish you can come play with me. That chain around you is gone, so can you?” his head cocked to the side.
I lowered my head and whined, “I wish…” 
“Can’t you just dig under the fence?”
“My owner will kill me, literally.” I laughed and let out a yawn then looked around the yard as I noticed Nico staring at me.
A yell from far beyond the fence caught Colby’s attention, “I—I should go…”
Instantly, he ran off and I watched as he greeted his owner. Then whined softly as they left together. 
As I turned around, Nico backed up with his head low, in fear of me. I stood where I was, looking at him as a part of me felt bad for the fact that he was fearful of me. But another part of me felt as if this was for the best.
He needed to grow up quick. He can’t live like I have growing up, he can’t live in a world of make believe.
I limped back to my tree and laid underneath of it. My neck felt naked without the chain weighing it down like it normally would.
As the day turned into night, I feared sleep. My mind racing each time I closed my eyes. Images of my brother bothered me to the point I didn’t even want to lay down. I wanted to run, wanted to hide. I wanted to be as far away from here as I possibly could.
But how can I?
Freedom seems to be almost impossible. 
The sounds of the night kept me awake, the fear of the fight forced my mind to race. I kept glancing over to Nico, the regret of this life we were forced to live weighed me down. 
I watched as a large spider made its way across the ground in front of me. It was dark, but I still saw its shadow. It stopped and stood still for what seemed like forever, but it then lunged forward grabbing a beetle roughly the same size.
They fought, rolling around back and forth on the ground. And as they fought, I noticed as the spider spun the beetle in its web. Making it become immobile and stuck with fear. Within a second the beetle was in a cocoon and the spider bared its fangs into the back of it.
The wrestling stopped and I watched as the spider took every ounce of life that the beetle had fought so well to try to protect.
“Kill or be killed.” Titan’s voice played over in my head.
He was right. This entire time he was right. I tried so hard to understand, but after all of this, I think I finally do. 
This world is a kill or be killed world, and all this time I had thought I had to kill to live, but it is the exact opposite. You need strength to kill, but you need will to die. 
The weight of the lives I was forced to take gets overwhelming, but the death that will follow me will finally bring me peace. It will finally help me to not be afraid to lose.
 Or afraid to die.



CHAPTER TEN

The morning came and I was ready. I knew another fight was coming. It always does. I laid inside my small home waiting for Craig to come get me, but he did not come out all morning. 
He missed our feeding, which only meant one thing. He was either still sleeping, or not home. The waiting made my nerves shoot through the roof.
I couldn't stay still. But each time I got close to him, Nico cowered lower, afraid of me.
A part of me felt as if I should make amends because of the choice I was about to make tonight. I had to at least help make his life a bit better.
“I’m sorry.” I whined and sat down close to him, “I took things a bit too far. You are still young. Still learning. This man, he will make you do things you don’t want to, but you will need to. This world is a bad place for things like us.”
“Things?” his head cocked to the side, “We’re not things. We are living, and caring…”
“They don’t think so, kid. Just keep your head up.” I yawned and ran back to my tree.
I started to sniff around, grabbing a hold of my ball and bringing it to Nico. Dropping it in front of him as we both watched it roll towards him.
“I want you to have this. A small human gave this to me a while ago. Just…don’t let the man see you playing with it.”
He let out a cry and sniffed the chewed up ball in front of him. 
“W—why are you being n—nice to me?” he backed up with his tail low.
I cocked my head to the side and backed up, making my way over to the fence and sniffing underneath of it.
“What’s over there?” Nico’s voice made my ears twitch.
“Nothing.” 
I backed up and shook my body, trying to relieve some stress that built up inside of me. The sound of the back door creaking open made me jump and twirl around. 
Craig’s voice called from afar, calling my name harshly. My ears went back and I limped towards him, giving Nico one last glance before I went inside of Craig’s home.
I have never been inside of his home before, new smells and sounds intrigued me, brightened my curiosity by testing my senses of the new surroundings.
It was messy, dark and smelled of stale beer. Though it was nothing I wasn’t used to, the smell reminded me of the house I was in before I came here. How bad I was and how often I was beaten for something I didn’t know I did wrong.
But nonetheless, it was his home. And I took great pleasure in being in his territory. Even more so being warmed up for the time I was.
I sniffed around the house, around the couch and got into the stuff that covered the floor, even found a small treat in a pile of trash by the kitchen. I was so preoccupied with my exploring I didn’t even realize Craig had my leash in his hands. In fact, I didn’t even notice him attach it on to my neck until my head was pulled towards the front door. 
I lifted my head up and followed, but we didn’t go outside. He sat on his couch and took my head into his lap, holding me still between his legs. Whining, I tried to back up, but he brought his hand down on my side, bruising my ribs. I cried out, and he grabbed the top of my neck, yelling as he pulled me closer to him. I stopped, and let him have his way. He was stronger than I was and I was forced to stay still.
I saw him take something off of the table next to him and as I tried to smell it to see what it was, he abruptly smacked me on the nose and forced my head down. He squeezed the skin on the back of my neck and all I felt next was a sharp pinch before he let me loose.
I sneezed then shook my entire body but the pain was already gone by then. My body got low and I came up to him to see if I had done what he had wanted me to do, but I only got pushed away.
He stood up as I backed away, he then grabbed my leash, and we both walked out of the front door and into the car. As I was put in the back, I felt dizzy and on top of that nauseous. I laid down and tried not to throw up, closing my eyes and taking short breaths. 
But once the car started to move, I had to stand. I had to look out the car window to the outside. There was something inside of me that needed to look out to the people walking and running about.
Something about it made me feel better about the situation I was in. The ride seemed to take longer than it normally was, but once we turned past that large park and the small pond, I knew we were close.
The car had stopped at the house and Craig got out and greeted another man. They exchanged words and looks, then Craig came to get me. 
Once I was out of the car, I began to sniff around, the familiar smells and the new ones that intrigued me. Craig pulled me into the house, we passed the same couch, the same smells, and went out the same door to the same set up. 
The fighting ring.
But this time it looked different. There were way more people around, it was loud as we passed everyone. Some of them screamed and hollered as they pulled at me. Stuff was thrown and liquid was spilled. 
Craig took me into the ring, and we stood in the corner, like always. But he didn’t hype me up this time. He didn’t yell or scream or hit. He just stood there. 
My heart raced out of my chest, my vision blurry. My neck burned, but it wasn’t because of the wounds. The inside throbbed and pinched as it quickly got hard to breathe.
I panted, trying to calm down, thinking my nerves had gotten to me. Craig leaned over to the man next to him as they both looked down to me.
“Tell them I’m betting on the other dog.” the leash around my neck loosened as my collar was taken off.
“You’re not gonna bet on your own mutt?” 
Craig kicked my side and I about fell over as I quickly regained my footing and took a couple steps forward, waiting for the other fighter.
“I just have a feeling my pit’s gonna lose…”
The hollers and yells grew louder with each passing second. The end of the pin opened and the other fighter entered, pulling on his leash that seemed to sink into his skin. 
I put my head down and got to the ground, watching my brother as his owner got him ready for the fight. His bloodshot eyes watched me as I laid there. My legs felt weak and each time I tried to stand, I got dizzy and couldn’t breathe.
Blinking rapidly, Tony and his owner backed into the corner in front of me as the crowd cheered them on. 
Tony was suddenly let loose and came charging towards me at full speed. The surrounding crowd roared. My legs quivered underneath of me, my heart dropped down to my stomach as I looked around me to the naked faces that stood around us with paper in their hands. 
I watched as they cheered on and screamed inaudible words all at once. And as I looked back to my brother as a glint of murder shined in his eyes, the need to end my suffering took over. 
I stood up, my knees weak and vision blurry and as I flinched, the force of Tony’s body crippled me to the ground. His jaws snapped in my face as he grabbed a hold of my front paw and bit down. Let out a cry as I got on my back, exposing my under belly to him and shut my eyes and hoped it would be quick. He got on top of me with my paw still in his mouth, blood seething through his teeth as he pulled on my flesh. I cried out and tried to block out the pain, shutting my eyes and just taking it seemed to prove almost impossible.
I yelled out once more before lunging up and nipping at his throat. He released my paw and backed up, allowing me to stand. Cheers from the crowd brought our attention to the surrounding people. As he growled and smiled, I put my head low and let out a whine.
I wanted to speak, to say something that would make Tony know it was me. But I was too scared. I was frozen where I was, I couldn’t do it. He charged me once more as he let out this horrid scream. But before he could pounce on top of me, he was thrown off by a loud noise that seemed to shake the entire building. 
For a second everyone froze and as I looked around, my vision got blurry and legs gave out beneath me. People screamed and began to run in different directions as loud shots pierced the surrounding air. The barricade that held us in was thrown in different directions as men in dark uniforms filled the place. Knocking everyone to the ground, even Craig.
I watched helplessly as Tony cowered towards his owner and another man swiftly put a leash on him as they wrestled my brother to the ground as he lashed out at them.
I was frozen in fear and pain as I watched my owner I was supposed to protect get hit and beaten by the uniformed men, a part of me wanted to lash out and protect him like I was supposed to, but the other part of me felt glad he was being hurt, just like all the times he had hurt me.
My older brother’s angry snarl gave me chills as they forced him outside. As he snapped at them, trying everything and anything he could to rip them to shreds, one came up to me.
  He bent down beside me and pat my head. I couldn’t seem to keep my eyes straight but with what strength I had left, I lifted my head and wagged my tail.
His hand on top of my head sent a warm feeling through my aching body that I enjoyed. 
“It’s okay, boy. You’re safe now.”
My body shook uncontrollably. Out of fear, anger and pain. But something else was wrong, and I didn’t know what. I didn’t feel like myself, I couldn’t see straight and my entire body ached from the inside out. 
As a large crate was placed in front of me another man came and helped me inside of it. My heart hurt as it raced. And the feeling like I couldn’t breathe took over again and I began wheezing.
“Something’s wrong with him, we need to take him to the vet, Marks.”
The voices seemed soothing as they were not harsh. Everything that was said seemed distorted, though I couldn’t understand what was said to begin with. Keywords I was used to hearing stood out.
I was put in a dark car with my brother freaking out in a cage in the back while I got to ride up front, which was warm. I didn’t know where we were going, but I didn’t care. As long as I was alive and not forced to kill, that's what mattered the most. As I laid in pain, my body still shaking for no apparent reason as I laid there in silence as words were exchanged from the men that had taken me.
“There was a guy there by the name of Craig Hanman, he claims to be the dog’s owner, he admitted to giving the dog drugs, but didn’t say what kind. The bastard.”
“Well tell the police in front of us to put their lights on and kick it, this little guy won’t make it much longer.”
A loud siren hurt my ears but it was enough to take my mind off of everything. I cried to myself, letting out a low howl to make myself feel better.
I knew something was wrong with me more than just being sliced open, I was dying. And for the first time in a while, the whole aspect upon life seemed better.
And I don’t want to die now.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

I don’t remember much of the ride, or what had happened after I arrived where they had taken me. But I had woken up in a large metal cage next to other dogs.
My eyes were heavy and I felt sick, hungry even. I tried to stand but had trouble. I laid back down and let out a sigh of relief as the barks of the other dogs began to drown out.
That's when I noticed there was something around my mouth. I lifted my head but felt dizzy as I tried to open my mouth but couldn’t. The thing on my mouth stopped me. I whined and tried to use my paws to pull it off but it was no use.
“They put that on you so you won't kill them.” a voice next to me caught my attention.
A small dog sat in the cage next to me as he watched me. His fur was longer than mine was, covered up his eyes as he looked at me.
“My name’s Rudy, but not like you care.” he spoke with an accent I wasn’t used to hearing.
“What is this place?” I cocked my head to the side and forced my tongue out of my mouth.
“This, my friend, is the pound. Dogs come in, few go out.”
“What…?” I whined and stood up.
My legs were still wobbly but it was manageable. I walked to the door of the cage and put my nose to it as I looked out to the other side of it.
“Get used to that view kid,” dogs barked anxiously around us, “Cause it's most likely going to be the last one you ever see.” 
  “They’re going to kill me?” 
He shifted his stance as his eyes shut, “Dude, you’re what they call a killer. Your kind come in, zero go out.”
I jumped back and faced him. My body trembling as I looked at him. He looked into my eyes and shook his body as he walked over his makeshift bed and laid down. There was no way these people who had saved me would kill me. Not after all they have done to heal my wounds.
These bandages would be for nothing if that were the case. I didn’t believe him. Not for a second.
“You are a liar.” I growled and went back to my bed.
“Believe what you want kid, but there ain't no way you make it till morning. Not looking the way you do.”
“These cuts weren’t my fault.” I rested my head down and licked my lips.
“I’m not talking about your cuts, genius. The way you look, your square shaped head, your stocky body, your cut ears and short tail. Even the scars all over your face. Ain’t no human gonna love you, you’re a pit bull. A monster. And humans are scared of monsters.”
His words sent a chill down my spine. A piece of me knew he was right. The thing I was forced to do, they were the things that made me a monster. But it was humans who did this to me. Why do they have a choice with my life? Where is my say? I never asked for any of this.
Dogs began bark as footsteps approached from the end of the hall. I lifted my head and watched for whoever it was to pass in front of my cage.
As the footsteps approached, there were growls that grew louder with each passing second. The growl was all too familiar. I got to my feet and flew to the cage door.
My brother and a woman came past my cage. My brother was being led by a stick as he thrashed back and forth trying to get the same thing that was on my mouth off of his. 
“That’s going to be you next, kid.” 
I whined and yelled my brother’s name. He only stopped for a second to glance at me before the woman pushed him forward.
I whined uncontrollably and paced around my enclosure as my heart about ripped out my chest. Next to me, Rudy laughed to himself as he laid down and let out a loud sigh. I went back to my bed and sat, looking around to see if there was a way to get out of this place.
“That pit bull was my brother.” 
Rudy looked up at me and licked his lips, “And I care, why?”
I growled and looked at him, “We’re not the monsters, they are!”
“So you think.”
My body plopped to the ground and I let out a whine as my eyes grew wet from the tears. Maybe we are monsters, maybe that's what we were here to do, to kill. Something has to change, there is no way my mother was a monster, nor my sisters, no way.
“How do I show them I’m not a monster?” I stood and looked at Rudy.
He let out a growl and looked at me sideways, “You need to get that thing off your face first off.”
I pawed at my face, “It’s like stuck…”
“They have to take it off.”
I froze and looked up, “They don’t come in here though…”
Rudy chirped, yawned then laid back down without another word. Frustrated, I groaned and sat by the cage door, staring at the cages across from me. The large dogs that slept inside most of them. Half of the cages were empty, I knew the other one beside me was.
I waited for any human to pass my cage. I was determined to get this thing off of my face. And since they were the only ones that was able to do that, I had to show them I was a good dog. That even though I might be a monster, I was still capable of love.



CHAPTER TWELVE

It felt like I was sitting there for hours. I waited for someone—anyone—to walk by. With little to no luck, I was about to give up and go to sleep before a door opened and a repetitive squeaking noise got every dog going crazy once more.
My tail swayed as I waited for whoever it was
But when I saw what it was, my heart collapsed. The same girl who had taken my brother into the back was now pushing a small cart that covered half of my brother’s lifeless body as she pushed him down the hall in the darkness.
My tail stopped and I watched my brother be taken away. All the times he was there for me growing up, I tried to be there for him. I tried to get him to understand that it was me he was hurting. If he only knew, he would have never done it. 
My body shook, I stared blankly at the ground of my cage. I remembered all the times we would play, how we planned growing old together. How proud we were going to make our future owners. 
Tony didn’t recognize who I was. My brother forgot who I am. His human forced him to forget. Just like mine tried to. But I know who I am. I’m no fighter, and I’m not a monster. I may be a pit bull, but I am a good dog.
And I’m going to prove it.
“I’m sorry, kid.” Rudy’s soft voice barely broke the silence. 
I came back to it and sniffled, licking my cold nose before turning and laying back down on my bed. I shut my eyes and forced myself to sleep. My mind kept me up all night, it forced me to think until I was in tears, then it continued until I was mad and finally, until I was determined to change.
“Remember who you are.”
I took Titan’s wisdom for granted, as I did him. I wanted to be like him, I wanted to have so much courage to stay me, I wanted to just forget the world and deal with who I was forced to be.
But there was something about Titan that I didn’t like. He withered around his past, sat there and dwelt in it. I want to learn from it, so I can be able to move on. That's what I was forced to do, it’s not who I am.
Everyone barked at once letting me know there were humans walking about. I went to the cage door and sat, wagging my tail endlessly as I waited for someone to walk by.
The sound of food entering a bowl made my stomach growl with joy. My paws tapped the ground as I grew impatient. The footsteps grew louder and a woman with a large bag in her grip was seen pouring food into bowls.
I whined and took a step back as she opened my cage door and filled the bowl that was in the corner with dry kibble. I got low and slowly approached the bowl, scared to get in trouble for coming too close to the bag.
But she finished filling my bowl and continued to Rudy’s cage and filled his up as well. I whined and went to the bowl, smelling it as my mouth drooled. Though, I couldn’t eat with this thing on my mouth, and I hoped the girl understood that.
I watched as she filled up the entire other side of the hall, and as she came backwards me, I waited patiently for her to take this thing off of me.
I wagged my tail and tried to smile, to encourage her to come close, to show I won't hurt her. She dropped the items in her hand and opened the door to my cage. I got to the ground and the tip of my tail swayed as I got on my side, revealing my underbelly.
“It’s okay, boy.” She reached over and gently pulled off the thing around my mouth. 
She then pat my head and backed out of my cage, closing the door behind her. I raced to the bowl and scarfed down the food, barely even tasting it.
My stomach rumbled as I licked my lips, getting the last bits of the food off my mouth. I yawned and went to lay down in my bed.
It felt good to eat. Felt even better to be able to open my mouth for once. I looked over to Rudy as he was finishing up his bowl. 
“How often do we get that?”
He cocked his head to the side and looked at me, “Every day? Like we’re supposed to.”
My eyes shifted to the side. I get to eat every day? This place must be heaven to dogs. I let out a whine as I glanced back over to Rudy.
“Are there dogs who get out of here?” 
Rudy turned his head to me, a shimmer in his eyes as he looked across the hall to the other cages that were across from us. 
“Some of us, yes, some of us do get out. I’ve been out, then back, then out once more.” He huffed and placed his head down. 
“Humans brought you back?” I tilted my head.
“Every single time.”
I looked down as the place grew an uproar of barks as footsteps and mumbles brought our attention to a family that made their way down the hall. Rudy shot me a look before standing and going to the front of his cage.
I watched as he wagged his tail and pawed at the cage door. Moments later two kids ran up to him and stuck their fingers in the cage as Rudy licked them. I whined and cocked my head to the side and ran to the front of my cage and copied, pawing at the door and wagging my tail happily.
The two kids stopped and began to come over to me, but before they could they get too close, a man quickly grabbed them by the arms and pulled them away.
I cried and put my head down, my tail still swaying.
“Not that one kids, they’re dangerous. Pick something better.” 
The man walked away with the two kids in his hands. They walked over to the other side of the hall and began to look into the cages.
“Great job, monster.” Rudy huffed and paced around his cage.
“What’d I do? Not my fault they’re scared of me.” 
“Yes it is.” 
I whined and laid back down on my bed, looking around the hall and watching the family play with a small dog across from me. I had to do something, even though this place seemed like heaven, I did not want to end up like my brother and be taken out of here on a cart.
An idea popped in my mind and I stood up, lifted my paw up and began to cry observed. I barked, whined, growled, and made every sound I could think of all the while keeping my bandaged foot in the air.
Footsteps fumbled towards me as I continued to scream out sounds even I didn’t think I was able to make. My cage door swung open and two men came towards me, knocking me to the ground as they stroked my body.
I shut up and froze in fear, scared they would hurt me. I shook in place as they said soft words and placed that same thing over my mouth as they did before. They lead me out of the cage and into the back.
I looked around and pulled back on the leash he had me tied to, shaking my head as they dragged me towards the door they took my brother into. I cried hysterically as they forced me into the door, pushing my bottom as I tried to fight away.
Once they got me through the doors, I began to shake in my place as we walked down the hall. We passed doors until they took me into an opened one.
I licked my lips as they lifted me up onto a table and forced me to lay down on my side. They pat my head as I continued to shake, frozen with fear.
A woman walked in and got into my face, she took my head in her hands and wiped away the crust around my eyes as she spoke soft words. Though I didn’t move, I remained obedient as they moved my legs around and turned me around on the cold table I was laying on.
“What was that sound you were making, boy?” 
The tone of her voice made me shake my tail. The thing that was put on my mouth didn't help my breathing, my nose was wet and each time I breathed in, I had to quickly breathe out to avoid breathing in liquid.
I took a deep breath and looked up at the woman as she studied my face. As I let out a whine she grabbed a metal object and forced my eyes open as she shined a bright light into them. Remaining frozen with fear as she pat my head, and I was taken off of the table and lead out the door.
“He looks fine, don’t know what that was about.” Her voice was soothing.
I knew where I was going next, so I didn’t fight. I tried to stay next to the man who was leading me back to my cage, but it proved difficult due to him walking slow and pulling on my leash each time I got too close to him.
Don’t tell me he was scared me too…
I stopped in my tracks and looked in him the eyes as he tried to pull me through the door. As I let out a cry each time he pulled on me, he stopped and faced me.
“C’mon man. Don’t do this.” His voice was soft and low as he placed his hand on his head.
Cocking my head to the side, I let out another soft whine and lifted my paw in the air. He stared at me and slowly shook his head. The thing around my mouth made it hard to bark, so I continued to whine. 
I didn’t belong here. I don’t deserve to die. I am a good dog. 
If only I was able to speak up for myself. 
He pulled once more and I gave up, lowering my head and followed him back to my cage. As he opened the door, he stopped before putting me in and grabbed the thing from around my mouth. 
I walked into the cage without hesitation as he closed the door behind me. With my head low, I looked up at him as he was walking away.
“Any luck?” Rudy’s voice came from the cage next to me.
I let out a whine and shook my body as I licked my lips, “Yup.”
“You lie.” he laughed and licked his lips, “But okay, whatever you say, monster.”
I laid down on my bed as I rolled my eyes. The echoes of the barks died down and all that was left was silence. The same silence that brought back memories and fake sounds. Silence was the only thing I really hated about life.
And after the silence came and went, there was laughter and spoken words among kids that echoed through the hall. My ears perked up and I ran to the front of my cage, my tail wagging with joy.
A girl and her mother went to each cage and looked in as they bent down and greeted each dog. I whined and shook in place, trying to get their attention. I whined louder and the little girl turned her head in my direction. With my tail swinging back and forth, I jumped up and pawed at the door to my cage.
She gasped and ran over to me, bending down as she stared at me. 
“Mommy, this one doesn’t have any ears. I want him!”
The mother came up to her as she jumped up and down. She placed her arm over her shoulder and sighed.
“I dunno baby, he has—”
 “I want him!” the girl screamed and smacked her moms leg.
I watched as the mother stood up, walked over to a man who stood in a corner and sat as they exchanged words. The girl smiled at me as she put her hand through the holes of the cage and spoke softly.
I licked her hand and let out a soft whine as her mother and the man came up to me. My tail swayed with joy as my cage door unlocked. My heart thumped out of my chest, I could barely contain myself I jumped out of the cage and into the arms of the little girl as I was being freed.
This was it. My happy ending, my new home. I finally was free of this place. I swore to myself I would be a good dog. That the scars of what I was forced to do wouldn’t define me. 
And that was a promise I was going to keep. 





CHAPTER THIRTEEN

I couldn’t believe it, I was going to a new home with a new family. Maybe this was it, this was my new beginning my happy ending. I didn’t know what was to come, would the rest of the family like me? Would they be scared of me?
The drive took forever, but I didn’t care. I enjoyed the time spent with the little girl. She stroked my back as she exclaimed to her mother how pretty I was. As we drove, I stared out the window as the girl hugged me. 
We soon arrived to a small home, the fence was smaller than I was and the grass was anything but green. They lead me into the fence then soon into the home.
As I sniffed around at the different intriguing smells, I was greeted by a large dog who almost immediately started smelling me. I wagged my tail to let him know I meant no harm, and I was sorry for barging into his home, but my actions made him lunge forward with a growl.
The kids pushed past us as he grabbed a hold of my lip and slicing it as I jumped back in reaction to the pain. Screams filled the air as the family scrambled to separate us.
With my body aching and shaking from the panic that had set in me, I bit furiously at the other dog, trying to defend myself. We were pulled apart and dragged in separate directions as we both barked and growled at one another.
I was pulled back towards a cage that lay in the middle of the floor, and I was thrown inside of it. The cage was small, I could barely stand up straight in it. They let the large dog go, and he came charging towards me. The cage door rattled as his head slammed into it.
He growled as he faced me, “Why are you in my home?”
I backed up as far as I could against the back of the cage, “They brought me here…”
“You have the markings of a killer, You do not belong here.”
His eyes said it all as he was smacked in the face and dragged away from me. He never took his eyes off of me.
I let out a whine and sat as they yelled at him, curing under their breaths as they paced around the room. A man bent down and came up to the cage and as he stuck his fingers into the cage, I showed my teeth in hopes to tell him to leave me alone. He jumped back and smacked the side of the cage.
Flinching, the yells between them made me want to curl into a ball. My body shook as I watched them walk and storm around in front of me. I felt naked and exposed while I sat in this cage, my heart raced and I continued to look around. 
The little girl sat on the couch as she cried, her hands covering her eyes. The mother and the man both screamed at one another, waving their arms around as the large dog stared at me from behind the two of them. 
I lowered my head and stared back. I don’t know what this dog’s problem was, but he was not about to ruin my chances of having this home. One of us had to go and that wasn’t going to be me. 
The large dog took a step towards me, showing his teeth. I copied and followed with a low growl. He then barked and lunged forward, only to be stopped by the mother as the man yelled and kicked the side of my cage.
I yelped and nipped at the air, my body trembling in fear. This man was not to be messed with, I knew that well. Man was the only thing we were supposed to fear, they were the ones who gave us life and could take it away in a second.
“They can keep you locked away in that cage for the rest of your life for all I care. You don’t belong in my house. So I am making sure you don’t stay.” the large dog backed away and snuck out from behind the mother. He pranced over towards me, his tail slowly swaying as he pronounced his dominance..
“I know this is your home. I didn’t come to claim it. I came to join.” I let out a whine.
“Like I said, you bear the markings of a killer, you don’t deserve a home.”
I licked my lip then let out a sigh as the other dog watched me. He stood in place, just staring at me from the front of the cage.
“Sebastian!” the woman blurted, pulling the large dog away as she smacked him in the nose once more.
“Listen to your master, Sebastian. I mean no harm.” I stood, pacing in place.
A growl shredded the air as he lunged forward, his teeth getting caught on the bars of the cage. I laughed, happy he couldn’t get to me. The man and the woman grabbed him, pulling him away from me before coming towards me and dragging the cage towards an open door to the right of us.
I was dragged into a closet and when they closed the door, it was pitch black. But I was finally calm, knowing that this small room was safe. There was no one inside of it except clothes and shoes that smelled good behind me.
But the darkness made me see things; hear things, and I didn’t like it. Flashes of the fights, echoes of the growls and yelps that I forced out of the others I killed, everything seemed to come back all at once.
Titan and his scarred face. My scarred face. From Craig and everything he had put me through. To Nico, and how he was stuck there. I felt bad. I regret everything I had done, said, and not said.
What has my life come to? Why am I still alive when all I ever do is mess everything up. Questions and regrets rushed through my mind, but that's all I could ever do was think and come up with unreasonable scenarios in my head. Sleep wasn’t an answer, but as it washed over me, the undying urge to sleep soon took over, and I was out cold.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The sudden glare of light burnt my eyes, but I was awake. The door in front of me had opened, and I was being dragged back into the living room. My eyes quickly adjusted but by the time I got to my feet, the cage door was opened, and I was let out.
After sniffing around to make sure it was safe, I noticed the man had a leash in his grip. I excited rushed to him but was quickly kicked in the face, before he latched the leash to my neck. Yelping, I jumped back, running to go back inside of the cage but before I could get close he pulls me towards the front door. I whined and stayed low, trying not to make him any angrier than he was already.
“Bye-bye killer.” The large dog’s voice whispered through the door as we walked out of the home. 
I froze and turned back, pulling on the leash. But the man yanked my neck and I had no choice but to follow him out of the yard and into his vehicle.
This was not my fault. I told myself over and over. I tried to believe it, but it was hard to. Maybe what I had done would stop me from having a family. From being happy. I tried so hard, and still it wasn’t enough.
As I was put into the back, my eyes grew wet from tears as I looked out of the window. The car pulled off, and I was left in my tears, with a tight feeling in my chest that felt like it was about to explode.
I followed the grass as we turned, and when it stopped, I followed the line in the street. Whenever we stopped, I quickly looked up in hopes to be somewhere I knew, but everything was unfamiliar. 
We drove for a while. It seemed like forever. Continuously stopping then going seconds later. I felt nauseous. As I laid in the back, I tried not to look out of the window, it got boring after a while. 
I smelled the carpet and licked whatever I thought smelled good at the time. The bumps in the road forced me out of my comfort pose, jerking me in different directions as we drove. 
Eventually we came to a stop that was longer than the other ones were. The man got out of his car and slowly but surely came over to the back of his car and let me out. He grabbed my leash and lead me into the same large building I had left the day before.
Hesitantly, I followed him in. 
“Back so soon?” A woman in light clothing bent down and pat my head.
“He attacked my other dog, tried to kill him.” The man handed her my leash as I smelled around the ground. 
I smelled the woman’s shoes, an unfamiliar scent caught my interest as she pulled her foot back, pushing my head away with her knee.
“I see. Thanks for letting us know, we will deal with it.” 
Before I could turn to say goodbye, we walked away in separate directions. The woman pulled me inside the shelter, dogs barking as we entered the back. The all too familiar cages lined up in the same spots on the wall as she led me to my usual cage, right next to the same small annoying dog that I hate to admit I missed.
“I knew it, they couldn’t love a monster like you.”
Rudy’s irritating voice made me regret ever thinking I missed him as the cage door shut in my face. I shook my body off and let out a whine before laying down in my cold bed. 
“It wasn't my fault. Their other dog didn’t like me, tried to kill me.” 
Rudy stood up and came towards me, “You really think the humans care who started it? You’re the one in here, killer. That means there’s no more chances of getting a home. You’re up next to die, kid.”
The fur on my back stood up as I cocked my head to the side. It took me a minute to understand what he had meant. I knew what happened, but the humans saw something else. They saw a monster trying to kill their beloved pet.
Who can’t see that? Even if it weren’t true?
“No, that’s not fair, you said you were brought back a bunch of times!” I stood up and let out a soft yelp.
“Yeah but look at me, kid. I’m a small helpless cute-ass puppy in their eyes! I’m cute if I show my teeth, or growl, or even try to bite. Whereas, you are a monster that is known to lash out and not get along with any other dogs. Kill, even.” Rudy shook his body as he spoke, “See what I mean?”
My body shook as I shut my eyes. No, this wasn’t fair. I deserve a home and to be happy. Why must I suffer? Why do they do this to us and think it’s okay? 
I went to the front of my cage and looked out to the family across the hall as they looked into a cage with a small dog jumping up on the cage bars as they pet him. A wave of jealousy washed over me as I sat there. 
I remember who I am alright. I’m Jack, a so-called pit bull. I kill, I’m abused, but, not allowed to act out while scared. I protect myself and I’m the bad dog. I am a monster, a killer, a sufferer, and I’m the next dog in this shelter to die because of what I was forced to do my entire life. I am a fighter and more importantly, I am a survivor.






MARIA
The Day My Life Stood Still 




CHAPTER ONE — MARIA

The sound of my son’s voice could brighten the entire room with one word. At least, that’s what it did for me. I couldn’t believe he had talked me into taking in another dog. I thought Belle was enough, but something inside of me told me to do this.
As Luther and I walked up to each cage, I bent down and tried to call a small bulldog towards me, his eyes shut me away as he turned and groaned.
“Poor boy…” My voice trailed off.
Luther yelled out behind me, sounding as if he was hurt and dying but when I turned he ran up to me with the biggest smile I have ever seen him make.
“I know that one! That’s the dog I saw behind the fence! Mom we need to get him! Mom!”
His voice made the dog’s around us start barking. I looked behind him into the cage he was slowly dragging me towards. Inside was the most beautiful pit bull I have ever seen, his face was scarred and ears were horribly cropped. But there was a marking on the top of his head that resembled a paw print. He sat in the corner with his head down, visibly shaking.
“Mom, why does it say he is unadoptable?” Luther’s voice began to break.
Written in black sharpie across his information paper, was the word ‘Unadoptable’ and below that the to-be-killed time and date.
He didn’t seem like a mean dog. He looked scared and helpless and I wanted to help him. 
“He attacked his last owner’s dog. They’re putting him down later tonight. I knew it would happen, you can’t trust that breed.” a worker walked past us as he led a smaller dog to his cage.
“Mom, I know his dog. He’s not bad.” Luther’s eyes teared up as he looked at me.
I bit the inside of my lip. I knew pit bull’s aren't aggressive, my baby girl Belle sure isn’t. But would I want to take that chance? I was risking my family’s safety. 
But a life was at stake, and I knew better than to judge a book by its cover, let alone its past. I spun around to the worker as he was locking up the cage door.
“I want him.”
He shot me a look and pointed behind me, “You want that?”
“I want him. Get me the paperwork and let me have him. I don’t care what it takes.” I forced my voice to be stern, to be intimidating.
The worker shrugged and walked into the back. I turned to my son as he bent down to call the dog towards him.
“Remember me, boy?” his voice was so sweet, “You’ll be okay. You’re coming home with me and my mom.”



CHAPTER TWO

“We’ll call him Jackie!” Luther screamed in the car. 
We were on our way back home, which was a hectic drive with Luther wanting to pet and touch on ‘Jackie’ which I knew was a bad idea.
“Jackie? He’s a boy though, Luth. Why not just Jack?”
“Cause it’s a stupid name, mom.”
“Now how is that a stupid name?” I laughed, making my last right turn before pulling into my driveway.
“Fine, We’ll call him Jack.” Luther let out a sigh as he jumped out of the car, racing to the back to let Jack out.
I quickly got out and intercepted him, patting his head before taking Jack’s leash and leading him out of the car. I let him sniff the ground around him before we walked into our yard.
I nodded to the house, “Go get Belle Luth. Remember how to introduce them the right way?”
“Of course!” He sprinted away towards the house.
I shut the gate behind me as I watched Jack sniff around on the ground. I bent down and got next to him as he smelled me. Slowly, I raised my hand and allowed him to smell it, seeing if he was going to let me touch him.
When I pulled my hand away and began to pet him on his head, he flinched as if I were going to strike him. I froze and watched him get low, the tip of his chewed off tail slowly moving.
“What did they do to you…?” a sad smile tug at my lip as I looked into his eyes.
“Mom!” Luther ran out of the front door with my beautiful Belle in his grip.
He stopped not too far from Jack and I as we slowly inched them towards each other. Jack’s head was up, his eyes were alert and his ears were stiff as he smelled the air each time we got closer to Belle.
I smiled, “Say hi baby!”
Belle swayed her tail and allowed Jack to smell her, and then Jack did the same to her, kissing her cheek as his way of saying thank you.
“See mommy! I told you he was a good dog!” Luther bent down and stroked Belle on the head, “Good girl!”
I smiled as a tear forced its way down my cheek. As I looked at the two of them starting to play as they continued to smell and lick one another, I knew this part of Jack’s life would change for the better. And I hoped it would stay like that for a while.
“I hope dad lets us keep him…” Luther’s voice trailed off.
I let out a sigh and nodded, “I know baby, he might be mad but just remember it always passes. He has to accept it, he will.”
Luther pat Belle on the head as we lead the two of them inside of the house. I kept a hold of Jack’s leash as I lead him around the house, allowing him to smell his surrounding. Once he looked like he was settled in, I let him off the leash, and he froze, smelling the leash in my hand.
I went to pet him and once again he flinched, showing his teeth without letting out a growl. I understood and backed off. He needed time to adjust.
“Luther do you remember uncle Larry’s dog? How we couldn’t pet or play with him when he got him?”
He nodded and took a seat on the couch, “I know. Jack has them same scars as Wally did. He needs time. I won’t bother him until he comes up to me.”
I smiled and looked back at Jack and Belle as they continued to smell each other. As I walked past them, I began to clean up the living room a bit before Mitchell got home from work.
Once I picked up the blankets and began to fold them, Luther understood what was happening and started to help me. After I folded the blankets, I picked up and threw away all the empty cans that were hid under and between the couch.
Jack came over and smelled the couch, the beer stains that made it smell and feel stale. I watched as he looked up at me and put his tail between his legs. I gave a smile and continued to pick up the cans.
Once I picked up the last of the cans, I threw them away in the recycle can outside. 
“Okay, Luther, you know the drill. Dad is going to be home soon so.”
He gave a sigh then sluggish walked up the stairs to his room. Belle and Jack followed behind him. I smiled, turned then stormed into the kitchen, putting the dishes into the sink as I took our dinner out, so I could begin making it.
The same routine we were so used to. I silently hoped Mitchell would accept Jack, and he won’t cause a scene like he did when we got Belle years ago.
But I could only hope so much.



CHAPTER THREE

The fresh smell of biscuits filled the house up. I hummed to myself as I stirred the boiling noodles. A slam made me jump up and turn around as Mitchell rushed through the door.
“Why is my front gate wide open?” he bellowed, walking into the kitchen.
“Sorry Hun, my fault.”
He huffed and grabbed a beer can out of the fridge and went back into the living room. The sound of the TV and a pop of the can’s lid made me shutter. I rolled my eyes and sighed, turning back to the stove and putting a lid on the pot as I left it to simmer.
I walked out to the living room and swiftly went upstairs, pushing the door to Luther’s room open and interrupted his game.
“Stay up here with them baby, he’s not in a good mood so let’s not tell him about Jack today.”
He sighed and nodded silently. 
“Maria!” Mitchell’s voice made me cringe.
I silently closed Luther’s door and proceeded downstairs, “Yes Hun?” 
“Get me another can.” he grunted, shifting in his seat.
I huffed and walked into the kitchen then opened the fridge as I grabbed the ice-cold can and went back into the living room. I then walked up to the chair he was sitting in and handed him the can. 
As he grabbed it, I started to turn to go back to the kitchen when he grabbed my arm and pulled me towards him. I flinched and looked at him as he went in for a kiss. I shut my eyes and kissed him on the lips as he pushed my hand towards me and opened his beer can. Half-smiling, I then retreated back into the kitchen, stirring the noodles as I rubbed my hurting arm. 
I gave a sigh then turned the burner off as I removed the pot from on top of it. I grabbed three plates and piled the noodles on top of them as I set up the kitchen table for dinner. As I placed each plate down, I smiled. Remembering a silly memory with each one. My smile faded as I laid the one with a crack down. The glue forced me to shut my eyes as I sighed shakily. 
“Come eat dinner, guys.” I called, grabbing the pot from the stove and placed it in the middle of the kitchen table.
Mitchell coughed as he stood up, yelled up the stairs for Luther to come down and eat. I made their plates as I watched him walk up the table.
He placed his beer can next to his plate and plopped down in his chair. I sighed and gave a smile as I put the pot back on the table and took my seat. Luther came running down the steps and went to wash his hands before joining us at the table.
We sat in silence as we ate, as usual. I kept my head low and avoided eye contact with Mitchell in hopes he wouldn’t say anything or ask where Belle is. Usually he doesn’t care about her but I wasn’t about to take any chances. I knew tonight would be a bad night to introduce him to Jack.
I looked over to Luther as he picked up his drink, I half smiled at him then quickly snuck a glance at Mitchell as he stuffed his face with the pasta I had made.
 “So how was your day, Hun?” I stared at my plate without looking up.
“Can I just eat without hearing your voice?” his fork hit the plate.
“I was just making conversation.”
“Do I look like I care what you were trying to do? I’m trying to eat. Now shut up.”
I shut my eyes and took a sip of my drink as I silently shook my head. As I licked my lips, I waited for them to get done, so I was able to start the dishes silently by myself.
Luther jumped back from the table and started towards the stairs before Mitchell grabbed his arm and pulled him close to him. I flinched as he spoke.
“Where’re you going? Help your mom with the dishes.” 
Luther began to whine, pulling his arm away from Mitchell as Mitchell raised his hand, making him flinch. 
“Okay, I help mom.”
“Damn right.” Mitchell scuffed, standing up and throwing Luther’s arm towards the ground.
Luther then backed up and shot me a look as his eyes watered. I withheld my tongue and returned with a smile that I hoped to encourage him to hang in there.
Mitchell walked back into the living room after grabbing himself a new can of beer. Luther came over to me and I went to hug him, but he pulled himself away from me as he placed the dirty plates on the side of the sink. 
My heart sank as I turned and turned on the water, filling my sponge up with soap.
“Why do we have to stay with him?” Luther looked up at me with a gleam in his eyes, “He hurts you, mom.”
I began to wash a dish as I quietly spoke, “He treats us good. We wouldn’t have this house if it weren’t for him.”
“And you wouldn’t have those bruises if it weren't for him too…”
I sighed and looked to the side as I handed him another dish to put away. We sat in silence for the rest of the time as we washed the dishes and put the leftovers away. 
“Can I go upstairs now?” Luther cocked his head to the side as he grabbed a soda from the fridge.
I nodded and pointed upwards, “Yeah go.”
He smiled then quickly took off into the living room. I turned back to the sink and gave a sigh. The sound of Mitchell snoring in the living room was music to my ears. I felt my heart tug as the feeling of wanting to burst out in tears almost consumed me but I ignored the feelings and quickly turned off the light and proceeded upstairs. 
The room to my room was dim, but it was enough to bear for when I was trying to sleep. I knew it was still early and I knew Mitchell would come up to bed once he woke up. So I made his side of the bed and put out his work clothes for tomorrow before grabbing a book off of the shelf on the wall and crawling into my side of the bed to finish reading it.
I sighed and found a smile pulling at my lips. Finally, peace and quiet. It was nice to finally not have to continuously worry about something. 
But I knew it wouldn’t last.



CHAPTER FOUR

“Mom!” Luther’s echoed giggle awoke me from a strange dream I was in the middle of. 
I dug my fists into my eyes trying to wipe the drowsiness away before I sat up and started my day. His footsteps as he ran shook the whole house as his laughs echoed.
I laughed and shook my head, put my slippers on and headed downstairs. As I got to the living room, Luther was playing with Belle as Jack stood to the side watching them with an odd look, as if he was confused on why they were playing together.
“How were they last night?” I smiled at Luther.
He laughed and pat Belle on the head as he came towards me, “They were good, Jack couldn’t sleep though, he was laying by the door all night shaking.”
“Poor boy, you are being slow with him right Luth?”
He nodded his head and ran into the kitchen with Belle at his heels. I laughed and followed them, looking back to Jack as he sat by the couch watching us.
“Mom I’m going to go out back and play with Belle, okay?” 
The back door swung open as they ran out into the yard. I laughed and nodded, shutting the door behind them. My house phone rung as it echoed through the entire house. 
I turned on the coffee pot then went to quickly answer it.
“Hello?” I grabbed a cup from the cabinet.
“Girl, open the door, we’re coming up the driveway with shit in our hands!” 
The line disconnected and I ran to the front door as I laughed to myself. My friends were something else. They could always make my day better.
I opened the door just as they were coming up to it. I gave a smile and helped them with a large clear container they were carrying.
“Just put it on the floor!” Karen ordered as she slammed the door shut behind her.
“I didn’t know you guys were coming!” I shouted, hugging Eve and Karen.
“Well if you had woken up an hour ago you would have.” Karen laughed.
“Who’s this cutie?” Eve sat next to Jack as she let him smell her hand.
“That’s Jack he’s a part of the family now.” I smiled, adjusting my pants.
“Mitchell knows about him, right?” Karen shot me a look.
“He’s a good dog…”
“Oh my god, Maria! You need to tell him, he’s going to be mad at you.” Eve’s mouth went wide.
“When is he not?” Karen huffed, coming up to me.
I shook my head and looked to the side. I knew I had to tell him, but I knew it would be a problem for everyone if he knew. And it has been peaceful the last few nights.
“What she means is,” Eve stood up and placed her hand on my shoulder, “You can do better.”
“Yeah! Get you a real man who doesn’t care if you get another dog.” Karen agreed.
“It’s not that simple guys.” I walked into the kitchen and began to pour myself a cup of coffee.
“You and Mitchell have been married a year, and he treats you like shit.” Karen came up next to me.
“The only reason you got married was because of Luther, and Luth didn’t even want you to get married to him.” Eve shook her head.
I sighed as I finished putting sugar into my coffee. I knew this routine, they played it over and over each time I saw them. And I would say the same things over again. 
It’s not him, it’s me. 
He loves me.
What about Luther? He needs his dad.
He’s not that bad.
“It’ll be fine, guys. Just stop.” I put the hot cup to my mouth and took a sip.
They rolled their eyes and looked at me. But only Eve was the one that gave a smile.
“I brought something for Luther.” she ran into the living room, and we followed behind her.
When we entered, Jack got up and walked into the kitchen as he had his head down.
“Want to go outside boy?” I cocked my head to the side and went back into the kitchen as I let him out the back door.
“Maria! Come look!” Eve called in the living room.
I sighed and went back to them, leaving the back door open slightly. 
“See? It’s an airplane, he can assemble it and throw it around the backyard.” Eve took out a piece of paper and handed it to me.
It was instructions to the plane. I nodded, smiled then handed it back to her, “You shouldn’t have.”
“Well, I forgot the little guy's birthday last week so consider it a gift.” she smiled.
I hugged her and tapped the box, “He’ll love it. Thank you.”
“So what are we going to get into today?” Karen took out her phone and started to mess with it, sounds came from it, and she smiled.
“Your boo?” I laughed, pointing to her phone.
“Oh you know it.” she giggled and continued to type.
Eve and I looked at one another as we laughed. I smiled and looked to the side, the clock on the table kept ticking, reminding me of what time it was. And that I had three hours before Mitchell came home from work.
A hand touched my shoulder as I turned and faced Eve, she smiled sadly and rubbed my shoulder as if to remind me it will be okay. 
At least that's what I told myself.
“Mom!” Luther’s screams stopped my heart, “Mom, help!”
He screamed, shouted the same word over again. We got up and rushed to the back door, swinging it open just as he came into my arms. Growls ripped through the air as I saw just a ball of fur wrestling around in the middle of the yard.
I couldn’t tell who was who or what was going on but my first instinct was to look for Belle and the second I didn’t see her, panic set in.
“Oh, no, no, no Belle! Jack, no! Stop!” I rushed to the middle of the yard, towards them with my hands up in the air, screaming at the top of my lungs. Hoping it would stop the fighting I saw before me.
“Mom!” Luther cried out behind me.
“Belle!” A lump formed in my chest, making its way towards my throat.
“Hey!” I screamed, kicking the first thing I could touch.
That’s when it stopped. The growls, the crunching sound, the fighting. I heard a yelp as I saw Jack back away as he ran towards the pile of trash that was piled up by the right side of the fence.
I shut my eyes, my entire body shaking. I couldn’t bring myself to see what lay before me, hoping I’d be able to take it, but I knew it would be too much. My face grew wet and I shakily took a breath as I slowly opened my eyes, but what I saw laying dead and covered on the grass in front of me made me jump back.
It wasn’t my Belle, thank god.
I couldn’t make out what it exactly was, it was covered in matted gray fur and was smaller than my Belle.
“Mommy!” A force pushed me forward as Luther grabbed me from behind.
“Is she okay?” murmurs from behind me made me turn to Luther.
“What happened Luther?” I asked as I looked around the yard.
Both the dogs were nowhere in sight.
“It came from under the fence and—and tried to hurt me. Jack attacked it…”
“Are you okay?” I bent down and hugged him as he nodded sadly.
I stood, wiping the tears from my face, “Jack. Belle. Come here guys!”
My voice echoed through the yard as my surroundings grew quiet. The sound of Belle’s collar came from the pile of junk to my right as she appeared and ran towards me, avoiding the body of the dead opossum.
I pet her and checked her for wounds before a whine brought our attention behind her. Jack stood a few feet from us, visibly shaking in his place as his head was low.
Seeing him act like that brought me to tears. I moved over a bit and called him to me. Holding my hand out as I wiped my tears from my face.
He stayed where he was, watching us as he whined softly.
“I’m sorry boy, I—I judged you too quickly. Please, come here boy. You good boy.” 
His head raised and cocked to the side as I spoke. He slowly made his way towards me, the tip of his tail moving as he came to me. The second I was able to touch him he rolled on his back and showed his belly as Belle kissed his face.
I gently touched his stomach and face before I stood and walked back towards the house.
“What happened, Maria? What did he just kill?” Karen asked, stepping towards us but immediately jumping back when Jack came up to us.
“It was an opossum, it tried to attack Luther.” I rubbed my son’s head.
“Did it have rabies?” Eve asked, patting Jack on the head.
I shrugged and walked into the house with Luther, making sure to leave Jack and Belle outside as I shut the back door.
“I’ll call you guys tomorrow, I need to clean Jack off and do some things before Mitchell gets home. Thank you for everything, guys.”
They both nodded and hugged Luther as they grabbed their belongings and walked towards the front door. As soon as the door slammed shut I hugged Luther as I looked at the back door, regretting hitting Jack and automatically assuming he attacked Belle. I should have known better. 
“Go grab some blankets and towels. And bring me the dish soap from underneath the kitchen sink. We gotta clean off Jack, before your dad gets home.”
Luther nodded, looking to the back door once more before he ran upstairs. I sighed and looked down to belle, her pretty brown eyes looking up at me.
I stroked her head and smiled, “I know baby, I know.”

CHAPTER FIVE

By the time we got Jack clean of the blood, and checked for wounds, Mitchell was already home. I told Luther to keep the dogs upstairs, one more day without him knowing won't hurt. I made it a promise to myself that I would tell him come tomorrow night, I owed Jack that much.
But like every day, the usual routine happened, I cooked dinner while Luther was upstairs with the dogs and Mitchell drank himself to sleep while watching his usual recorded shows.
I usually made the same thing each night, if I could help it. I wasn’t allowed to work, Mitchell was the only one who brought money in. The only one who was allowed to work. And he spent most of his money on booze or even his subscriptions on the TV. But no matter how much he wasted on his personal needs, it was out of line to confront him about it, no matter how bad I dearly wanted to.
“Dinner is ready!” I called for them.
Luther came running down the steps just as Mitchell stood up and trudged into the kitchen, sitting in his usual spot. I fixed everyone's plate as they sat, making sure they both had enough.
There wasn’t much, just enough to hold us over, though Mitchell was the only one that got the most. I sat down and picked up my fork as I began eating. Silence filled the air as the sounds of slurping and metal hitting the plates were the only things that were heard.
A chair scooted back and Mitchell slammed his hands down on the table, making me flinch and look up. 
“Don’t you ever cook anything other than this shitty pasta? I’m so sick and tired of it.” he spit, standing up and throwing his plate into the sink, food flying into the air as glass broke.
“I can make something else tomorrow if you—”
“Excuse me? If I?” he took a step towards me, “I worked all goddamn day? What did you do? You’re worthless! All you do is lie around all day, doing nothing with yourself, can’t even cook a decent meal for once.”
I licked my lips and looked down, trying not to take his cruel words to heart, I knew he didn’t really mean them, he was drunk.
“Hun…”
“Don’t Hun me, woman!” He took another step towards me and I swiftly backed up, scared.
“Stop!” Luther’s small voice came from behind me, “Stop yelling.”
My heart raced as I turned to him, shaking my head trying to tell him to stop speaking and to mind his own business. It was for his own good.
“Last time I checked, I was the one that told you what to do. Not the other way around.” Mitchell started towards him.
“Mitchell stop, don’t touch him!” I pushed myself in front of him, blocking his path to Luther, “Go to your room, Luth. Now!”
He scampered out of the kitchen and ran up the steps. Mitchell turned his head back towards me, his eyes bulged and his smell vulgar. He coughed and spit on the floor next to me.
“I’m so sick of both you think I don’t do shit around here. If it weren’t for me none of you would be alive! This house is paid by my brother, my brother, not yours. So let's get that right.”
I shut my eyes and nodded, painfully agreeing with him. He then grabbed my face and forced me to look up at him as he spit in my face when he spoke. 
“Look at me when I talk to you.”
On instinct, I jerked my head away, knowing I had made a huge mistake, I flinched and raised my hand, bracing for the impact on my face. He swung twice, first blow hit the back of my hand but the second one got me right above my left eye. 
I was pushed back onto the table, the chairs grunted along the floor as I regained my balance. I didn’t even have to look up before I was struck again, this time on the back of my head. He cursed at me, spitting threats here and there as he continued to hit me. 
“Mom!” Luther’s dysfunctional voice seemed to scream in my head. I couldn’t tell where it was coming from, though as footsteps fumbled down the steps, I was sure it was actually coming from him.
Mitchell’s foul voice seemed to stop and a sharp growl came from the side of me followed with a shriek and a glass breaking in front of me.
Luther rushed into my arms as I laid on the ground, my face throbbing with pain as I looked up at him. To the side of us, Mitchell was on the ground as Jack stayed on top of him, snarling in his face. I noticed blood on Mitchell’s arm then quickly stood up and grabbed Luther, shielding him behind me. 
“Get out!” Every bone in my body shook from fear, I didn’t believe those words actually came out of my mouth, but sure enough they did. They were out and were followed by Jack’s growls and my shaky breaths.
“Jack, come!” I yelled, hoping he’d back off of him. Sure enough he did. My harsh tone sent him running behind me, still on high alert as he watched Mitchell stand up.
“That mutt is dead! And so are you.” he cursed.
“I am calling the police, you need to leave Mitchell, never come back.”
“Never come b—” he cut me off, stepping closer towards me, “This is my house!”
“Your brother put it in my name last month, Mitch, leave!” I looked to the side as he huffed and let out a groan.
He mumbled under his breath as he shot all of us looks, he spat on the ground before grabbing his keys off the kitchen table and trudging towards the front door.
But just when I thought it would be that easy to get him out of the house, he storms back and tries to get in my face before Jack lunges and snaps at him, only giving him a fair warning with his growls.
Mitchell jumps back and shoots me a look, “I’m gonna shoot that dog. You just wait.”
I told him to leave once more, and he grabs his empty beer cans from the side of the couch and throws them against the wall, screaming at the top of his lungs, cursing at us both as we kept a calm manner.
Luther shot me a look as tears filled his eyes. I understood what that look meant, I’ve seen it countless times before. Mitchell was throwing a temper tantrum as he has many times before. 
But a part of me felt safe with Jack. I never told him to leave before, I have always threatened to call the police, but never had the audacity to go through with it. 
But before I even had the thought to think about calling the cops, sirens sounded and lights flashed through the front window. My heart stopped and I quickly grabbed Jack and placed him outside, making sure I shut the blinds and locked the door, so he wasn't seen or heard. 
I wasn’t taking any chances of him being hurt while they came inside. As they knocked on the door, Mitchell angrily answers it, and they push their ways inside of the house. 
“Go upstairs with Belle, Luth. Lock the doors and keep her quiet.”
Luther nodded and ran off into the living room as he silently went past the officers and made his way up the stairs.
“What seems to be the problem?” the female officer asks, looking around the house as her partner forces Mitchell to sit in the chair.
I walked out into the living room and shakily fixed my hair as I gave a painful smile.
“Ma’am, did he do that to you?” the male officer pointed towards my face. 
My eyes filled with tears as I hesitantly nodded my head. All the years I forced myself to say no, telling the truth lifted a lot off of my shoulders but at the same time it made me scared for my safety because I knew what Mitchell was capable of. 
But the moment I got to see him being taken away in cuff was the happiest moment in my entire life. The wounds on my face didn’t seem so heavy anymore. 

CHAPTER SIX

Being able to keep a calm household seemed almost impossible, but as the seasons changed, I got more used to being independent. It took almost a month, but I managed to get a job working at the local grocery store, stocking shelves and cleaning the store during nights. It paid good, so I couldn’t say much. 
Luke, Mitchell’s brother promised to continue to pay the rent until I was stable enough to stay steady on my own two feet. All through the winter and halfway through the summer, I felt useless, I had to borrow money just to get every day needs.
A part of me regretted having that restraining order on Mitchell, he at least made sure we were not starving. But as I see Jack and Belle in their love fest, and see how happy Luther is finally, it reminds me that the decision was worth it.
The winter was hard, though. With no heat and no warm water, we were forced to move in with my best friend Eve, who helped me get on my feet over time.
Everything just seemed to go down hill since I made that decision to kick Mitchell out of our lives. But with this new job everything seemed to fall back into place. And now I was able to afford to live on my own.
“Belle, Jack! Come get it guys.” I placed the two of their bowls down next to each other as they scattered into the kitchen, racing up to their bowls.
I smiled as I watched them eat side by side. Jack has come a long way since we have rescued him from the shelter last year. He finally seems happy. I reached down and stroked Belle, her tummy growing bigger each day, she never looked so beautiful.
“Mom! I’m leaving for school!” Luther came running down the steps, racing so fast he dropped his book bag once he reached the last step.
He cursed under his breath as I walked into the living room. I shot him a look, and he smirked, covering his mouth sarcastically. With a roll of my eyes I smiled at him, opened the front door and put my arm on his shoulder.
“Have a great day at school, bud.”
He nodded and walked out of the door, running to the edge of the street just as the school bus turned the corner. I called to him out the window, reminding him for the third time to have a good day. My biggest fear was him not coming home after school, each time I saw board that bus, I feared it would be the last time.
Jack came up and stood by my side, watching out the door with me as Luther went on the bus and it drove away. It's loud roar bringing back memories of my time in school. The good ones and the bad.
“Alright c’mon guys, outside!” I joyfully yelled, trying to make them excited as I closed the front door and went to the back, letting them out to use the bathroom. As soon as the door was open, they ran outside, Jack stood by Belle as she waddled down the steps to the grass.
I laughed, tears trying to form behind my eyes. Even though her getting pregnant was an accident, seeing how happy they were together made it not as regrettable.
Though once they came, we weren’t allowed to keep them. I knew I had to find them homes. But the thought of it was heartbreaking, especially towards Belle. I couldn’t imagine having my kids taken away from me. But it was for the best.
I called them inside after I was sure they had finished doing their business. Once I shut the back door I began to clean up, I had company coming and the house was a mess from Luther and his friends this past weekend. There were empty soda and juice cans scattered about the living room and blankets covering the floor that I asked them to pick up the night before. I picked it up, shaking my head as I folded it, placing them on top of one another. 
But as soon as I went to put them back in the closet upstairs, the house phone rang. I placed them down on the bottom of the stairs and went to the kitchen to answer it.
Luckily for me, I knew exactly who it was.
“Let me guess, you’re out front and want me to open the door, Karen?” I laughed, messing with the cord that went into the wall.
“Not exactly.” 
Mitchell’s rough voice made me jump back, almost hanging up the phone.
“Mitchell?” My voice got low, “What do you want?”
“I just want to talk. I miss your voice.”
I shut my eyes and took a shaky breath.
“Are you scared?” 
I kept silent, remembering what Dr. Gomez said about people like him. They enjoyed when they put fear into you.
“No, I’m busy… What do you want?” I tried to remain calm, but in reality I was terrified. I was here alone and I didn’t know what would happen, this was the first time he has contacted me since we split.
“Are you home?”
My heart raced out of my chest as my stomach began burning, my nerves made it beyond difficult to breathe, let alone talk.
“If you call here again I’m calling the police.”
I abruptly hung up and went to the front door, making sure it was tightly locked. I shook my head and went back to the phone, dialing Karen’s number before putting it to my ear. Once she answered it, I never gave her the chance to say hello.
“I need you guys to get over here now, Mitchell just called me.” My voice must have cracked countless times while trying to get those words out. Karen didn’t say much, she didn’t have to. She understood what was at stake.
About twenty minutes after getting off of the phone with her, Karen and Eve show up at the front door. 
“Are you okay?” Karen asks, shutting the front door before locking it.
I take a breath and nod, trying not to break down in tears. But after hearing his voice in my head, I cried. I cried, leaning into Eve as I cried my eyes out. I tried to speak, tried to explain how I felt and what hearing his voice again did to me. But it grew difficult, each time I tried, I saw him in my head which just made me cry even more. 
“If he calls you again, you need to call the police.” Karen sighed, rubbing the top of her head.
I nodded, wiping my tears, “I know. I will.”
“Now let's get down to business.” Eve stood up and held out her hand.
I smiled, taking her hand as she helped me stand up. Karen came to me with a bag that was filled with clothing as she gave a smile that was cheek to cheek. 
“What’re—” 
“We are going out!” she cut me off.
I cocked my head to the side as I began to shake my head, “No, I—”
Karen threw the bag into my hands and Eve pulled me towards the stairs.
“Go put that on.” she smiled, “We’ll be outside.”

CHAPTER SIX
 
Even though I fought with them, pleaded for the to just let me stay home and explained I had stuff to do around the house. And even got mad at them for lying to me about having multiple people over, they ignored me all the way, dragging me out of the house in a dark purple dress that I didn’t mind wearing. 
The dress was gorgeous. It looked ugly on me, but they swore up and down I had what it took to pull it off, though as I looked in the mirror multiple times, I wasn’t so sure.
I didn’t know where I was going. Didn’t understand what they had planned, they barely even answered any of my questions. As we drove through the town, I repeatedly reminded them I had to be back to make dinner for Luther. And I couldn’t get drunk this early in the morning. I didn’t know what they were thinking.
“Welcome to Marvs.” Karen introduced the place as if she was introducing a couple she knew were going to fall in love.
The outside of the large building didn’t seem like much, though once we got inside of it. It was like the Playboy Mansion. There were tons of rooms and pictures of half naked men hanging on the walls.
“Where are we?” I asked, cocking my head to the side to hope to get a better angle of one of the pictures.
“Pick a room and you’ll see.” Eve giggled happily as she pushed me into the hall. 
I rolled my eyes but proceeded forward, walking past a bunch of doors, stopping to some to a strange sound that came from inside. I stopped at a door that had a large number twenty-seven on the door, that was always my favorite number.
Sighing, I looked at my friends as they nodded for me to continue. I turned the knob and went inside as the door closed shut behind me, shaking my head and cursing under my breath at the two of them for leaving me here alone. I froze where I was and looked around to the mildly dark room. 
The bed was made and it was in the shape of a heart. I rolled my eyes and shook my head once more, regretting every minute of this.
“Hey there mama.” a husky voice sang beside me.
I jumped and turned, backing up as I knocked pictures off of the table next to me.
“You ready to have a good time?” 
His dark skin shone in the light, his handsome jaw bone flexed as he spoke. His Hazel eyes smiled at me as he inched his way closer to me. 
I tried to speak, but I seemed almost paralyzed by his body and tone. As he began to take his tight shirt off I shook my head and jumped to the door, trying to escape.
“I—I’m sorry, I just got out of a horrible relationship. I can’t do this.” I stuttered as I fumbled out of the door, making sure to slam it shut behind me.
“Maria!” Karen and Eve called from down the hall.
My eyes filled with tears as my heartbeat was felt throughout my body. I couldn’t believe they expected me to do this so soon. They came up to me with smiles on their faces.
“Done so soon?” Eve chuckled.
“Why did you bring me here?” I snapped, adjusting my dress.
They pulled their heads back in shock as they looked at one another. 
“How about thank you? We spent over $100 on this for you. And you’re gonna act like that?” Karen crossed her arms over her chest.
“I didn’t ask for this!” I walked past them, shaking my head.
They scoffed behind me and followed me out of the building. I got to their car before turning around and scolding the two of them.
“I can’t believe you took me to a sex cave…”
“It’s not—!” Eve sighed, “Look, we tried to help. But if you want to be selfish and ungrateful, fine. We are done helping you.” 
She walked past me and got into the driver's seat of her car. I shook my head and faced Karen as she gave me a disgusted look, shaking her head. She didn’t speak as she walked over to the passenger side and got into the car with Eve. I rolled my eyes and let out a sigh, but as I walked over to the car and reached for the handle, they sped off down the road. Leaving me in the dust as my face grew wet with tears.  
I wiped my face off then began walking down the road with my arms crossed and head down as my mind raced. I passed each store without looking up, light in the windows caught my attention and my head jerked up. 
The bright neon light that supported alcoholics and their habits caught my interest. I wasn’t much for a drinker but I considered my circumstances and figured otherwise. Making sure I had my wallet on me, I walked inside, taking the first open seat by the bar. 
“What can I get you, love?” The Bartender rubbed down the empty space in front of me. 
I sighed and pushed my hair out of my face, “Just give me what’s on tap, please Hun.” 
I gave a smile, and she just shrugged and began pouring my drink. I took my jacket off and placed it on the bottom of my stool as I waited for my drink to be served.
“Here you are, sweetie.” the woman placed the drink in front of me then turned and went on the couple down across the bar.
I sighed and took a swig of it, glancing up at the clock to make sure it wasn’t close to three yet, and it was far from it. Shaking my head, I debate on how I was going to get home, telling myself I would save some change to take the bus then cursed at myself for having friends like those two. 
I couldn’t believe they would just leave me here. But then again, it wasn’t the first time they have done something like this. I hated myself for falling into their trap once again.
“You here by yourself, love?” A guy took the open stool next to me as he smiled. His thick British accent was a distraction from his intentions which I knew were clear the second he sat next to me in a basically empty bar.
I nodded, trying to ignore him. I knew it was like men to hit on females every chance they could. And from my last relationship, I had a hard time trusting anyone.
“Your man the reason you’re here?” He chuckled.
“Excuse me?” I turned and glared at him.
“Sorry love, it’s just, you’re here alone. So I must’ve jus’ figured.” he backed off.
I took another sip of my drink and let out a sigh, “No, I’m sorry. It’s just you’re right. I am here ‘cause of him and my friends. It’s a long story.”
“You got someplace else to be?” his laugh made me smile.
I shook my head, brushing my hair behind my ear as I looked up at him. His blue eyes smiling back at me. 
“I’m Kenzie.”
“Maria. Nice to meet you.”
He smiled, taking a sip of his drink, “So? About that long story…” 

CHAPTER SEVEN

My body convulsed of laughter, my sides hurt and cheeks felt sore. But I couldn’t remember the last time I felt like this. Talking to Kenzie about everything and nothing was the best feeling in the world. And he listened, then told his own story and made up jokes about his pasts and even comforted me when I told him about mine. It was like we’ve known each other for years as we sat in that bar. 
“Ugh! What a chav!” he wiped the tears from his face before giving me a soft look, “I’m sorry you had to go through that, Maria. You seem like an amazing gal.”
I smiled and looked down, wiping my face before taking another look at the clock.
“I should really head out, my son will be getting home from school soon.” I stood up, picking my jacket up and putting it on before reaching into my pocket and taking out my wallet.
Kenzie stood up and put his hand on top of mine, “Please allow me.” 
He took out a large bill and handed it to the bartender, nodding to me as he spoke.
“This is for the two of us. Keep the change.” he smiled down at me, “You need a ride?”
The second he asked that, I wanted to hide away and turn it down, my fear of strangers began to take over and I started to turn the offer down, but he insisted, using his adorable smile to win me over.
“Sure, I could use a ride.” 
He smiled at my words, the sides of his eyes wrinkling as he turned and gestured for me to go in front of him. I smiled at him, walking in front of him and out of the front door.
“What do you do for a living, Maria?” Kenzie asked as he ran over to quickly open my door for me. 
I laughed to myself and got inside of his white car, waiting for him to get in before I answered his question.
“I stock shelves.” I laughed at myself.
“Interestin’,” he started the vehicle and pulled off down the road, “Let me know where to go.”
“What about you?” I picked at my fingernails.
 “I’m a wedding cake designer.”
I laughed, “Really?”
“It is a serious competition out there with those cakes.” he chuckled.
“Does your wife accept your cake making job?” I crossed my arms over my chest as I looked at him.
He stopped at a red light before turning his head towards me, “If I had one I bet she’ve loved my cake making skills.”
Blushing, I nodded and pointed to the light, instructing him to make this next right turn. Once he did I told him the rest of the directions to my house, which didn’t seem that far away. 
Though we continued to talk about nonsense, bringing up memories I almost forgot about until he brought up his and it lit up my memories. He helped me remember things were never this bad and that they could always get better.
“Your Luther seems like a bloody hell of a kid.” he smiled at me.
I nodded, “He is.”
“And your pups? I’d love to meet them two lovers.” 
“Hopefully you will.” My stomach filled with butterflies, creating a warm feeling within me.
He made another right turn, and we were in my development. We stopped at the stop signs and I told him to continue to go straight.
“Just up here on the right.” I cleared my throat as I saw Luther’s bus pull off passed us.
“That must be Luther.” he pulled into my driveway and I quickly got out as Luther turned towards me.
“Nice dress mom.” he snickered.
“You think so?” I cocked my head to the side, twirling my dress.
Kenzie came up to us, putting his hands behind his back nervously.
“Luther this is my friend Kenzie.” I smiled.
Kenzie held out his hand as he gave a wide smile, waiting for a handshake. Luther shot me a look then gave an uneasy look to Kenzie before he continued to the front door.
“Guess he doesn’t like me.” Kenzie laughed, rubbing the top of his head.
I shook my head and assured him he did and then invited him in as I went to unlock the front door. As we went inside, we were greeted happily by two smiling faces. Fat Belle jumped on Kenzie as she tried to lick his face as Jack smelled his legs.
I called to them, opening the back door as I let them outside to do their business. Kenzie coughed and moved awkwardly in his place.
“Let me go before I continue to disturb you.” he laughed jokingly.
“You’re not disturbing me, but if you insist.” I smiled, walking up to him.
“It was a pleasure to meet you Ms. Maria.” he took my hand and kissed the back of it before leaning in to hug me.
“As it was you, Kenzie.” I blushed.
The gleam in his eyes shined as he turned and walk off, holding the front door open for one last glance behind him.  My heart burst, warmness numbing my insides as I smiled happily, turning back towards the kitchen once he had left.
But once I went to let the Belle and Jack back inside, I noticed I had not got his number, nor him mine. And I had no way of contacting him after today. 
I rolled my eyes and sighed heavily, another day wasted and another heart broken, I should have known better. He was too handsome for me. I walked out into the living room to turn the television on and a note stuck out from the corner of my eye. 
It was placed on the coffee table next to the front door and couch and it folded up nicely. I picked it up and began to read it when the same smile appeared back on my face and the same warm feeling back in my heart. 
Kenzie had written down his number and hid it for when he left, he left a note with it saying he was sorry he had forgotten it and wanted to make it up to me, to call him with plans, so we can go out again. My eyes grew wet, I folded the paper back up and continued to turn the television on as I plopped down on the chair and reminisced my entire day, up until the moment I met Kenzie, then it turned to fantasizing about a life together. 
But I told myself a million times to not get that far ahead of myself, but I couldn’t help it. It had been a long time since I was able to feel something like this again, and I wanted to enjoy every last moment of it.


CHAPTER EIGHT

A knock on the door forced me to run and answer it as I called for Luther to go and put his shoes on for the fifth time. He yelled something back as I opened the front door and was greeted by the same handsome face I could never get tired of seeing. 
Kenzie smiled at me as he walked in, embracing me with one of his warm hugs. 
“Anything I could do?” he asked.
I kissed the side of his face and shook my head as Luther came running down the steps, his shoes untied as he sat at the last step with his foot in the air, waiting for me to tie his shoe.
I took a step but was stopped by Kenzie as he held his hand out, smiling at me before he went and squatted in front of Luther as he began to tie his shoes for him.
“What do you say Luth?” I looked at him as Kenzie stood up.
He mumbled thanks before he stood up and ran out of the front door. I sighed and shook my head. I wanted so bad for him to accept Kenzie, but I guess that would be easier said than done.
“It’ll take him some time to get used to another father figure in his life.” Kenzie sighed, wrapping his arms around me.
He kissed me on the cheek as he backed off and smiled at me. I looked out of the front door as Luther was entering the bus before it pulled off down the road. As I half smiled, I shut the door and turned into the kitchen, watched as chubby Belle cried at the backdoor as Jack and her begged to go out. 
I heard the television turn on as I opened the back door. Jack and Belle both ran out and almost immediately began smelling the ground for a place to do their business. 
“When’s she due?” Kenzie wrapped his arms around me.
I sighed and smiled, “Any day now.” 
He nodded and brushed his hair behind his ear as he looked at me and gave a smile followed by a chuckle. I went to the couch and sat down, stretching up my legs on the coffee table as I turned the television on.
“I have a question for ya Maria.” Kenzie came up next to me. 
He took a seat beside me and let out a sigh as he scratched his head. I looked at him, muting the television as it came on as I waited for him to say what was on his mind.
“If Mitchell came back, would ya get back with him?”
I pulled my head back in shock. Did he really just ask me this? I couldn’t believe it, though I knew the answer, I just stared at him in disbelief that he would even consider the fact that I would ever do that.
I shook my head and licked my lips, “Are you serious?”
“I’ve jus’ been wondering.” he looked to the side.
“I’ve been with you for a month and a half, we get along better than anyone I know. Hun, I love you. I see a future in our relationship and as long as you see one too, I’m not going to do anything to jeopardize that,” I shook my head then huffed, “Why would you even think that?”
Kenzie looked to the side as he gave a small sigh, “The other day he called here. I didn’t know who it was but when he talked he said things that made me concerned with our relationship.”
I jumped up, “What did he say to you? He’s not supposed to contact him I have a restraining order on him for the assault charge.” 
Kenzie cocked his head to the side as he stared at me, “Assault?” 
I rolled my eyes and walked away from the couch, taking out my phone as I scrolled through my emails.
“You never told me he assaulted ya.” Kenzie’s accent gave off a nervous tone as he came closer to me.
“I told you he used to hit me, he was hitting me when he got arrested, that's why Jack attacked him.” I typed an email to my lawyer explaining what has been happening the past few months in hopes she’d help it stop.
But after a few minutes of waiting for a reply, the answer was not what I expected.
 Dear Maria Lakey,
 If the problem persists I urge you to call the local police and file another report. There is nothing more I can do until your case is won (or lost).  
  Sincerely, 
 Danieel Gates.
“Great.” I slammed my phone down and put my hands to my eyes and began rubbing my eyes as hard as I could, it seemed to help relieve the stress.
“Next time he calls, let me know, so I can call the police. Please?” I turned to Kenzie.
He nodded and looked to the side, “I’m sorry, Maria.”
I waved to him as I walked to the back door to let Jack and Belle in from outside. They ran into the house as they licked their privates once they got settled. I laughed at the way Belle licked herself with her belly stopping her from moving all the way.
“Should I go?” Kenzie cut off my thoughts.
I shook my head and went up to him, placing my arms around his shoulders as I kiss the side of his cheek.
“No, please don’t go.” I laid my head down on his chest, taking a deep breath before getting up and going into the bag next to the fridge that held Jack and Belle’s breakfast. I poured them each a scoop into their bowls and the second they heard it, they both came prancing towards it.
“Those dogs are inseparable.” Kenzie laughed, rubbing his chin.
I nodded and stroked Jack on his head as he ate. His bulk muscles moving as he chewed. I pet his head, rubbing what was left of his ears as I studied the scars around his face. I touched the paw print birthmark he had on the top of his head, it was the most beautiful thing about him. 
“He was a fighting dog.” Kenzie leaned against the door frame.
I licked my lips and nodded, without taking my eyes off of Jack. His beautiful soul didn’t match his horrible past. His scars were like a constellation, forming the most beautiful pattern there ever was.
“He’s such an amazing dog, I don’t understand why anyone would ever hurt him.” a smile tugged at my lip.
Kenzie came over towards me, bending down and petting Jack as he gazed in my eyes. I smiled, looked down and tried not to cry as a pain formed in my chest. 
“The moment I saw him in that cage, scared, scarred and hurt. I knew he was the one. His life was hell, just like mine and I wanted so bad to make his pain go away, because that's what I wanted for myself,” I kissed Jack on the head and stood up, wiping my tears, “He saved my life just as much as I saved his.”
Kenzie smiled up at me, and he continued to stroke Jack on his back. The room got quiet and the sound of the two of them eating was all that was heard. My mind repeatedly went back the day I saw Jack in the pound, how ignorant and cruel the worker there was and how they did not care that they were about to destroy this beautiful soul had I not come along.
I couldn’t imagine why anyone would be that cruel to something so beautiful. 
“How long did he take to open up once you got him?” Kenzie stood up and stretched.
I sighed, “About three months, he was a good dog, but very scared of us. Luther and I had to show him we weren’t going to hurt him. And that took awhile.”
“And look at him now.” he laughed.
I brushed my hair behind my ear and laughed. The loud sound of the house phone ringing made me jump up and run to quickly answer it. Once I picked it up and placed it on my ear, I didn’t get the chance to speak before a female voice spoke.
“Ms. Lakey? Luther has been in an accident—”
I didn’t let her finish. My heart about jumped out of my chest as I cut her off.
“Wait? What? What happened?” I shot a worried look over to Kenzie as he inched his way towards me.
“Just come to St. Mercy hospital. The police will explain when you get there,” she sighed, “I’m sorry…”
Shaking, I placed the phone back inside the holder and took a breath.
“Maria?” Kenzie came up to me, “Maria is everything okay?”


CHAPTER NINE

I’ve never moved so fast in my life. My heart about raced out of my chest as I ran up to the clerk's desk once I arrived at the hospital. I shook as I asked her about Luther. She tried to calm me down but I spoke over her so many times to understand what she was saying.
“Ms. Lakey your son’s fine! He’s just been in an accident.” she informed as I screamed over her.
I took a breath and looked at her, “What kind of accident?”
Two police officers came up to me as they took off their hats and introduced themselves. Kenzie stood by my side holding my hand.
“Ma’am? Your son’s bus was in an accident while on its way to the school.”
“Oh my g—” 
The female officer touched my shoulder, “He’s fine. The bus took some pretty bad damage and your son was one of four that we had to rush to the hospital.”
I couldn’t get the words to thank them out, I pushed past them once I saw the nearest Doctor. But the Doctor didn’t stop to greet me, he walked past me in a hurry as alarms went off. Sighing, I ran my hand through my hair as Kenzie came over to me and grabbed my hand. He smiled at me, “The officers told me his room. Follow me.”
Still holding my hand, he led me to the room at the very end of the hall and once we went in, Luther sat up with a bandage wrapped around his head as he began to cry.
I ran to him, scooping him up in my arms and hugged him as he tried to speak. I shushed him, but he continued, backing away and speaking up.
“I was standing when we crashed.” he managed, wiping his tears.
I shook my head and hugged him, looking to Kenzie who was standing by the door with his head low. 
“I’m just glad you’re alright.” I sighed and kissed him on the head. 
The door opened and a nurse walked into the room holding a clipboard. He gave a smile and introduced himself to us, shaking Kenzie’s hand as he spoke.
“You must be his parents. My name is Donald. Your son is a strong boy. He has a small concussion and with proper rest, he should be able to go home.”
“Thank you so much!” I smiled at him then turned back to Luther and kissed him on the cheek.
“How ya feeling bud?” Kenzie took a step towards us.
Luther nodded and sat up, itching the side of his face, “Can I go home?” 
I nodded and the nurse spoke, “You’re gonna have to fill out some paperwork, Ms. Lakey. Can you come with me?” 
I nodded, stood up then followed behind him as I kissed Kenzie on the cheek and asked him to stay with Luther. He nodded and I walked with Donald out of the room as he handed me a clipboard and a pencil and I quickly began filling it out as he stood in front of me with his arms crossed. The sound of an alarm was heard but it was very faint, the floor I was on seemed empty and that raised my curiosity. 
“Thank you for everything. Can I ask what it was the bus hit?” I looked up at the nurse.
He turned his attention back to me and half smiled, “It was hit from the back by a larger truck. Luckily none of the kids were severely hurt.”
I nodded and smiled as I felt a weight lifted off of my shoulders. I noticed he kept looking around, particularly at a door on the other side of the room that led to another part of the hospital. 
“What’s that sound?” 
He whined, “There’s a couple teenagers who are critical condition after a school shooting.”
The way he said that so smoothly scared me. My mind went blank as I imagined if that was what I was called here for, I wouldn’t know what to do.
I shook my head, “Are they going to be okay?” 
He gave me a depressed look and that said it all. I signed the last part of the paper and handed it back to him as he smiled sadly to me then thanked me, nodding to him as I then went back inside of Luther’s room, interrupting Kenzie and him talking. I smiled at the sight of Luther standing as he finished putting on his shirt.
“You two ready?” 
They both gave me sluggish looks that I ignored as I picked up Luther’s jacket from the chair beside me. Without another word, I walked out of the room and hoped they followed. 


CHAPTER TEN

“S’not fair! Why can’t I go to Alan’s?” Luther stormed out of the car as we pulled up front of the house.
I rolled my eyes, “You have a head injury son, you need to rest.”
“I feel fine!” he screamed and ran up towards the house. 
Looking down, I sighed and shook my head. Kenzie came over to me and placed his arm around my waist.
“You want me to leave?” he asked with a soft tone.
I shook my head, looked up and kissed him, “I’m going to need you now more than ever.”
He gave a smile, and we walked up to Luther who was standing next to the front door with his arms crossed as he pouted. He was crazy if he thought that would be enough to make me change my mind. I unlocked the door, and we were all greeted by Jack and Belle as they both jumped on us, trying to give us kisses as we pushed through the front door. 
Luther ran past them as he hurried upstairs, making sure the entire house knew he was upset by stopping the entire way up. I rolled my eyes, groaning as I rubbed my eyes. 
“Can I go talk to him?” Kenzie cocked his head to the side.
I nodded and gave him an appreciative look, “Please?”
He smiled then started upstairs, coughing as he made his way up. I sighed and shook my head, bending down to pet Belle as she licked my face in return. 
“What're we gonna do, baby?” I sighed, kissing her on the side of her face.
My knees popped as I stood up, stretching before I walked into the kitchen to find something to take out for dinner that night. The fridge was much more full now that I’ve been working a consistent amount of hours. Even though the days seem bad due to every given little bad thing that has happened, I couldn’t be happier. I’d like to think this was my choice as a woman, that I grew stronger over the years of abuse Mitchell had put me through, but deep down I knew it was because of Jack.
Because finding him and saving him, seeing him go through what he did and for him to save my life like he did that night, that did it. That made me feel protected whenever he was around. I couldn’t believe he trusted me the way he did. Despite what humans put him through.
He is truly a remarkable dog.
A knock, followed by a sharp growl, made me jump. Belle barked but Jack ran into the kitchen and put his head down as he stared down the front door. I laughed at him, petting him as I walked past him towards the front door. 
He barked loudly and made me jump. I turned around and pointed at him, giving him an angry look, and he got low and took a couple steps back before he laid down in the middle of the kitchen.
“Stay.” his ears went back as I spoke. But I knew he understood what I wanted of him. 
I continued to the door, answering it without hesitation. But once the door swung open, the last person I expect was there to greet me. I froze in fear and confusion, but he couldn’t get a word out before Jack began barking profusely. Inching towards us with his eyes stuck on my ex-husband, Mitchell.
“What’re you doing here?” I started to close the door. 
He placed his foot in front of the door and gave a crooked smile, “I just wanted to see my son. I heard about his accident. Is he okay?”
“He’s fine. Now leave.” I spit, trying to shut the door. 
He pushed the door open and forced his way in as Jack almost charged him. I grabbed him and held him back, allowing him to bark at Mitchell.
“I’m calling the cops if you don’t get out of my house.” 
“Your house?” his voice got louder, “This is my house!”
He grabbed something from behind his back and spit on the ground in front of him, that's when I noticed the pocket knife he had in his hand.
“Mitchell please!” I cried, gripping Jack’s collar tighter. 
“I want everyone out of my h—”
“Hey!” Kenzie yelled from up the stairs. 
He came running down with his hands out. Giving me a worried look as he spoke.
“Jus’ calm down mate, no one needs to get hurt. Put the knife down.”
“No!” Spit came out of Mitchell’s mouth, “You took my family! You took everything, you and that dog!”
Jack struggled to get out of my grip, his teeth barring as he barked. I didn’t know how much longer I could hold him. Next to me, Belle sat in place, shaking from fear. She was just as scared of Mitchell as I was. 
“Look mate, you’re drunk. You don’t know what you’re doin’,” Mitchell inched his way towards him, “Jus’ give me the knife. We’ll talk this out. Okay?”
Jack stopped barking, he had his head low as he watched them exchange words. I hoped and prayed Kenzie would be able to calm him down. And from the looks of it, it was working.
“Jus’ tell me what you want, mate. It’ll be okay.” Kenzie was about to touch him when Mitchell pushed him back. Waving the blade around as he cursed at him. Kenzie charged, knocking him to the ground before he hit him in the face. I saw the blade slide across the room as Kenzie got on top of him. 
Jack started barking as he started shaking in my arms. I yelled out, cursing at Mitchell as I noticed Kenzie had him pinned on the ground, I pulled the frantic Jack further into the kitchen and let him go as I blocked the path with a small gate that was hidden behind the love seat next to me.
I yelled for Jack to stay, hoping he would listen as I twirled around and faced the two of them. 
“I’m calling the cops!” I screamed to them.
“Luther already did.” Kenzie called to me.
I let out a sigh of relief as I watched them fumble around on the ground. Sirens in the distance lifted a weight off my shoulders. 
Kenzie yelled over to me, “Did he hurt you?”
I shook my head, “No.”
Tires screeched to a halt out front, the cherry and berry lights made me feel safe and once the two police officers ran up with their guns drawn, I knew it was over.
“Don’t move!” 
“Get on your knees!” 
The two officers ripped Kenzie off of Mitchell as they forced them both on their chests. I took a step forward, “No! He didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Is there anyone else in the house?” one of the officers asked.
I nodded and pointed upstairs, “My son.”
“Call him down here, please.” 
“Luther!” I yelled, taking a step towards the stairs.
I heard a noise behind the gate, but it wasn’t any growl or bark I was used to hearing. The moment I turned to see what it was, Jack had hopped the gate that I had used to block him into the kitchen. But before he could get completely over the gate, two loud pops ripped through the air, and he collapsed onto the ground as he let out a horrid cry.
At that moment everything stood still. I heard Luther’s footsteps fumbling down the stairs as I ran to Jack’s side. 
“Mom—” Luther’s voice crumbled, “Jack!” 
My hands shook as I pet Jack’s bloody face as he struggled to breathe. I could hear the police giving orders as they handcuffed Kenzie and Mitchell. Luther ran to my side, his face red and eyes swollen as he caressed Jack’s head in his arms. 
“You shot my dog!” I screamed, “I can’t believe you shot my dog! Somebody help!”
Tears fell from my eyes as I grabbed Luther and hugged him, shielding his eyes from the scene. He grabbed onto me right before he stood up and ran towards the police, yelling and cursing as he fell to his knees in tears.
I felt my heartbreak, hearing Kenzie yell for me made it even worse. It made it all too real. I sat by his side as he struggled to breathe, I looked into his eyes as he did mine. His glance shifted from me to the kitchen repeatedly, tears fell onto his matted fur as I kissed him on the top of his head. 
“It’s going to be okay, boy.”
I whispered into his ear as he let out one last whine before I felt his body go limp. My chest gave out and I let out horrid cry as I gripped his collar. The officers voice murmured behind me as others approached my front door. Their radios going off.
Sniffling, I raised my head, wiping my tears as I stood up. I tried wiping the blood off of my hands but I just smeared it in more. I looked up, shaking as I glanced over the gate to Belle who laid on the floor, watching me as she visibly shook in place.
“Oh Belle…” I took a step towards her and that's when I noticed the blood on the floor around her and the pile of clothes she was laying on top of. I took another step, and she started to stand but movement below her brought her attention back down to five little balls of fur that were cuddled up against her stomach. 
A pain formed in my chest as I took a deep and sudden breath, I couldn’t tell if the pain was caused by the pain of death or the joy of birth. My Belle’s eyes glazed over, and she stared at me as if she wasn’t able to take her eyes off me. The sounds of her babies cries making her ears twitch as she then slowly gazed down to look at Jack through the gate.
I knew that was her way of saying goodbye. 


EPILOGUE

Jack’s story will live on. He will always be in my heart. He’s done so much for my family and I, he deserves to be known. My son still cries himself to sleep and my baby girl still feels lonely without her soul mate there to lay by her. But we are getting through it. Together.
We are trying to press charges against the police officer who shot him in cold blood, but his story made more sense to the media, they just called my Jack a monster who deserved to be put down. Because to them, all pit bulls are aggressive.
My Belle gave birth to five pups, one of which looks just like his dad. But sadly we aren’t allowed to keep them all, and we had to put an ad up for them. Three of them went to amazing homes. Two of the three even got to stay together, though it has proven hard to find the last two homes, but we have been trying.
“Mom, can I take the pups out back to play?” Luther’s voice filled up with hope. 
He knows I don’t like him outside by himself anymore, but I figured being out back would be fine. I nodded and picked up the pups from their mom’s bed. They wiggled and cried in my arms but once they saw where they were going, they got excited.
“Jackie and Rosie love to play fetch mom! Watch!”
I cringed at the names he gave them. It scared me that I had to sell them, no matter how bad I wanted to keep them, I knew I had to do what was right. My phone rang in my pocket and as I closed the backdoor I took it out and noticed it was a number responding to my texts.
“Is the price negotiable?” 
I quickly typed back and sent a reply to the strange number.
“Landlord said they need to be out by Monday, only two left, male and female, I can give them to you for free if you take both.”
I’ll admit, it hurt to send that. But I knew it had to be done. Or we would be on the streets. Within seconds, I got a reply:
“Deal. When can we meet?”
I put on my shoes and typed my reply. If this was going to get done, it had to be today. As I sent the text, I opened the back door and called out to Luther.
“Are they leaving?” His voice made me want to cry.
I nodded and put a leash on both of the pups as Belle came up and began licking the two of them.
“Yes, baby. Remember what I told you?” 
He nodded and bent down to them, letting them lick the tears off his face, “Bye Jackie, bye Rosie.”
I knew this would be hard. But I had to keep it together. For Luther.
“Go tell Kenzie I’m leaving to take the pups to their new homes. I’ll be back.” I started towards the front door as he ran off up the stairs.
When I went out the front door, my phone vibrated in my pocket. I put the pups in the back of the car before checking the address the person had sent me.
“Not too far.” I started the car and backed out of the driveway.
I pictured in my head a million things the person would look like. How is house would be and how happy the pups would be in their new home. Maybe they had kids? I hope. They were always so good with Luther.
When I stopped at a light, I looked in the back to see the pups lying down with their heads out the window. I reached out and pet Jackie, the twin of his dad. The mark on his head looked like a paw print. We always called it a birthmark, but it meant more to us then just a birthmark. It was a reminder that Jack was still with us. That he was continuing to look after us. A car blared his horn behind me and I stepped on the gas and continued.
The house the person said go to was no more than ten minutes away. I took a sharp right turn and stopped out front of a house with a privacy fence in the backyard. As I excitedly got out, I grabbed the pups by the leash and approached the home as a man in his late 30s came out to greet me.
“You must be Maria, I’m Craig, nice to meet you.” I shook the man’s hand, and he bent down and pet the pups.
“So a two for one, eh? Must be my lucky day.” he laughed and took the leashes out of my hand.
I heard a dog in the backyard start barking. My heart pounded in my chest but I couldn’t tell if it was from excitement or if I was scared out of my mind.
“Oh you have another dog?” I was so nervous I sounded angry.
“Yeah that's Nico. He’s been lonely these past days one of my older dogs recently passed, ya know. Health issues.”
“Oh I’m sorry to hear.” I managed.
“No big deal, now I got two of the cutest pups to keep me company. Oh and look, this one has a paw on his head. How cute…” his voice trailed off, and he slowly looked up at me, “Don’t worry, ma’am they’re gonna get well taken care of here.”
I pulled the pups towards the house as he waved goodbye. As I started back inside my car, thoughts raced through my mind. Turning my head, I watched them walk inside of the house. Jackie’s head was the only thing left as he looked out the door. I saw the mark on his forehead as he cocked his little head to the side almost as if to say don’t go. A tear ran down my face as I started the car and took off down the road. 
I will never understand why even after so much this breed is nothing but loving. I don’t understand why we as humans hurt them so much, even judge them for being scared of us. Jack has done so much for my family, and I just hope I repaid him the favor and made what was left of his life worth it. 
My life seemed to stand still the day he died and I don’t think it will ever be the same without him.

###
 

More Books From The Author Coming Soon:

Book #4 in The Only Ones Series


And Hopefully More to Come!


Follow the Author on Twitter:
@pewslimdieshad1

Facebook Fan Pages:
The Crew
Jack 

Site:
iluvmayo123.wix.com/iats 

Thank You For All Your Support!

Be Sure To Grab The Other Books!

The Only Ones Series:

#1) The Only Ones
#2) Beyond Redemption
#3) The Broken Platoon

In a Tight Situation Series:

#1) In a Tight Situation
#2) Convicted
#3) Under The Influence
#4) Victim of Battle
#5) Hired Gun
#6) The Crew



Zombie Apocalypse
The Beast Inside Me
The Beast Inside Me 2
Leo
This Generation
My Brother’s Sins



