


JACK 
AND THE 
DENIZEN


By
Erik Boggess


Cover art by: Chongchen Saelee (aka Eastfist)
Copyright 2021 Erik Sean Bidinger-Boggess

ISBN: 978-0-578-38313-2 (Paperback)
ISBN: 978-0-578-38314-9 (Digital online)

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever. For information, address the author.
● FORWARD ●
This work began approximately fourteen years ago. It started as a flowery poetic short piece of writing about a young couple at dinner, and evolved.
I want to thank my family and friends for all their support, and listening to me talk, and work on this book for so long. Without their encouragement I’m not sure I would have ever finished.

● CONTENTS ●
● FORWARD ●	iii
● CONTENTS ●	v
Book I: 
The Mad Guardian	1
● ACT I ●	2
● ACT II ●	44
● ACT III ●	111
Book II: 
The Denizen Horde	132
● ACT IV ●	133
● ACT V ●	184
● ACT VI ●	279
Book III: 
The Lazarus Engine	333
● ACT VII ●	334
● ACT VIII ●	363
● ACT IX ●	442


Book I: 
The Mad Guardian
● ACT I ●
The Guardians
As the days grow shorter, fallen leaves dance about in the wind.
While Jack walks, he thinks of home: the fading yellow house paint, the stench of secondhand smoke, and his guardians. He shudders, fighting to avoid getting lost in thoughts of what waits for him.
“Are you okay? You just shivered.” Lily asks.
“Yeah I’m fine, just cold. When will you hear back about the application?” He avoids her question with practiced ease. Deep down, he is afraid she may not look at him the same way if she knew the depths of the abuse.
Letting fear wash away, he focuses on Lily’s hopes for one of the scholarships she sent in.
Best friends since they first met, she is always there for him to talk to, smiles when he jokes around and makes him feel safe. It has taken the better part of their high school years to understand all the feelings he has for her. Jack knows after graduation he will get a job, and someday ask her to marry him.
As Lily finishes speaking, they walk in comfortable silence down the street.
When the young couple round the next corner, they see three teenagers riding skateboards on the sidewalk. The trio is using the bus stop bench as an impromptu ramp. One of the young men falls hard as the couple walk closer. Jack does not mind them taking up so much of the sidewalk, so he moves off to one side to make room.
The largest of the three takes notice, “Hey, where do you think you’re going!”
He goes to Jack and Lily’s school, and his name is Kevin. The other two youths stop skating, waiting to see what their leader will do next.
The shout startles Lily.
Jack turns to her. “Are you okay?”
“Let’s go,” she says quickly, still watching the bully with a mix of anger and trepidation.
“I’m talking to you pussy!” Kevin shouts, closing the distance. He reaches out to shove Jack, who grabs him by the wrist and twists until Kevin turns entirely around.
“Ow!” he yells as Jack pushes him bodily away. Stumbling, he falls hard on the asphalt.
Jack grabs Lily’s hand, and they both start walking away.
Kevin jumps back to his feet and rushes towards Lily. Jack feels a mountain of rage spark into existence at the sudden threat. Moving quickly between them, he snaps off a strong punch. Kevin falls to the ground clutching a bleeding nose. Jack is on him in an instant, punches flying freely.
His heart is pounding as a voice from behind shouts, “Hey kid, stop!”
Spinning around, he sees an Edge City police cruiser stopping at the curb. The driver’s side door snaps open, and a young policewoman with jet-black hair steps out. The look on her face tells Jack he may be in some trouble. Anger vanishing in an instant, he suddenly feels shame at striking Kevin.
“What the hell is going on here?” the officer demands. Gale Speedwell is a year out of the police academy, and from what she can see, the tall skinny kid has royally stomped the other teenager.
“I’m sorry, officer, it’s my fault,” Jack admits.
Speedwell’s face softens. She did not expect a truthful answer.
“Yeah! He started it,” one of Kevin’s two friends standing idly nearby comments.
“Did you do any of the fighting?” Speedwell asks, throwing the teenager a hard glare.
He squirms, shaking his head and pointing at Jack. “No, but he started it.”
“If you’re not involved, you both need to be somewhere else now.”
The two young men look at Kevin, sitting on the sidewalk, trying to stop his nose from bleeding. They make a natural choice, leave him behind, and walk quickly away.
“Jack, that’s not right. He started it, and you were just defending yourself,” Lily says.
“Is that true?” Speedwell asks.
He thinks for a moment before answering, “He started it, and I let him get to me. That was my fault.”
Speedwell nods, thinking about what to do next. “Have a seat on the curb right there while I go find out his side of the story.”
Jack sits down without saying a word. Lily joins him while Speedwell spends several minutes questioning Kevin. Once finished, the bloody-nosed bully gets to his feet and walks away in the direction his friends have gone.
Head down, he moves past Jack, “Sorry, man,” he says, not making eye contact.
Speedwell watches him go, then looks to Jack and Lily. “Okay, you guys, you can stand up now.” They get to their feet, and wait for her to speak again. “Kevin admitted he started the fight. You need to understand you can’t just kick the hell out of someone, even if they have it coming.”
Jack looks her in the eyes, feeling conflicted. “I understand. It won’t happen again, officer,” he says with sincerity, undercut with a survivors’ anguish.
Speedwell hears the edge in his voice, “Are you sure you’re all right?” she asks, with genuine concern.
It takes a lot for him to hold back what he wants to say. All the terrible things he has endured, and how no one has ever helped him, make the emotions hard to handle. He feels his eyes start to water. Embarrassed, he looks down at the ground, “Yeah, I’m fine, thanks for asking.”
“Where are you two going now?” the officer asks, voice softening.
“We’re walking home,” Lily answers.
“And where’s home?”
“6738 Danyon Street,” Lily says quickly. She hopes the officer will not ask Jack where he lives. She knows he does not like to talk about it with anyone. Speedwell’s portable radio squawks before she gets the chance.
“26 Bravo, please respond to a silent alarm at 5217 South Broadway, multiple priors at this address, 28 Bravo to cover.” The dispatcher’s voice sounds nasally and bored.
Speedwell lets out a sigh, reaching up to her microphone to respond, “26 Bravo copy, 28 Bravo you can cancel, I’ll advise. Dispatch, show me in route.”
“Dispatch copies, 26 Bravo to handle and advise.”
Speedwell turns her attention back to Jack and Lily. “All right, you two, get home.”
They both nod, muttering their thanks before walking home in silence.
A short time later, at Lily’s house, they stop in the driveway to say goodbye.
“You want to come inside for a while?” she asks, voice holding a hint of sadness, “Looks like Mom’s home, and I know she’d like to see you.”
Lily’s mother has the same comforting disposition as her, and a strength that makes Jack glad he is not on her bad side. She is precisely the type of mom the young man wishes he had.
“No, they’ll get mad if I’m not home on time. Thanks, though.”
She looks down for a second and then tilts her head slightly, smiling at him. They stare at each other for a few seconds. “Well, okay. Will I see you tomorrow?”
“Yeah, you will.”
“Okay, promise?”
The way she says it makes him smile, “Yeah, I promise.”
Lily steps forward, and he opens his arms to meet her. She leans in, hugging him, and kissing him softly on the cheek. Her lips come away, and she holds him for what feels like forever. They stay there for a while, neither one of them wanting to let the other go. Lily moves her face slightly, and whispers, “Thanks for walking me home.”
They move away from each other reluctantly, and then Lily is walking up the driveway. Jack watches her go, feeling a tidal wave of emotions. At the front door, she looks back, and her smile is the most beautiful thing he has ever seen.
He stands there, smiling to himself for a few more seconds, and then starts walking home. Head in the clouds, he does not hear Speedwell’s squad car coming up behind him. Canceled in route, she had turned the cruiser around, and gone back to patrolling. She saw Jack walking along the street in a bad neighborhood, and decided to offer him a lift.
“Can I give you a ride?” She asks through the cruiser’s open window.
Jack turns, startled to see the Edge City police officer driving slowly beside him, Please let this go. I’ve got to get home.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” he explains. Trying to act nonchalant, he continues walking away.
Seeing the young man is nervous, Speedwell smiles in an attempt to put him at ease, “It’s okay. You’re not in any trouble.”
Jack hesitates for a moment. He believes her, but if his guardians see a police car with him getting out of it, there will be hell to pay. Not that they will care if he has been in a fight. They will be mad he has drawn attention to the house. Eyes wide, his body goes rigid, posture betraying his fear.
Speedwell can see his knuckles turning white clinging to the backpack straps. “Where do you live, Jack?” she asks, using her cop voice without meaning to.
“I…” he stammers slightly, and then forces himself to say it. “I live in the yellow house near the end of Danyon Street.” He answers rapidly, eyes averting to the ground as mixed emotions fill him.
Every cop who has ever worked Speedwell’s beat knows about Jack’s house. The Edge City Dispatch notes state: if an officer receives a call to that house, at least three units must respond.
“Oh,” Speedwell says, looking the young man up and down. Her instincts tell her Jack is a good kid dealt a bad hand at having to live there.
“Well, how about I drop you off at the street before Danyon ends?” she offers.
Realizing how late it is, he consents, “That would be great, thanks.”
Speedwell leaves him alone with his thoughts as they travel in silence the whole way. She cannot help but think about how hard it must have been for him growing up. Every other occupant in that house has been in and out of prison at least a few times. She had heard rumors someone influential on the Northside of town is related to the people living there, and that is why the blight remained in the neighborhood.
Doing as she promised, she drops him off at the small apartment complex a block before. The sun has already set. The evening wanes to full dark, and streetlights click on overhead as he exits the police cruiser.
“Thanks for the ride, Officer Speedwell,” Jack says, turning and walking quickly away.
“Bye, Jack,” she whispers to no one in particular. Watching him go, she feels helpless, unable to do anything for the young man.
The radio crackles to life.”26 Bravo, please respond to assist 28 Edward, shots fired at the corner of Lincoln Street and Franklin boulevard.” Speedwell tries to let the young man slip from her mind. “26 Bravo copy, en route.”
As Jack rounds the corner onto the next street, he picks up the pace and jogs the rest of the way home, thankful to be out of the squad car. The police always make him feel conflicted. Cops are supposed to help people, but he has never had anyone but Lily to help him. Hospitalized several times growing up, every time a cop came to ask his guardians about it, they had eventually left, and he went back home. Jack knows the police serve a purpose to protect people; he wonders why they never helped him. Letting the self-pity slip away, he knows things can always get worse.
His home is ugly and run down, its paint fading and cracking. The yellow house’s yard is dark, and the windows of the first floor glow eerily with the light of a television. He goes around the back, stopping at the kitchen entrance that opens into the yard. Pulling back the screen door carefully, he hopes to make it inside and downstairs to his room before anyone notices. On any given day, his guardians do not care where Jack is. But if he draws attention to himself, they will get mad. When they get angry, they hurt him, then blame it on alcohol, or stress, or drugs. Growing taller and more muscular gave him a slight reprieve, but even with the strength of youth, he can barely defend himself. They scare him, and he hates himself for fearing them.
Stepping silently into the kitchen, he moves quickly towards the small white door next to the pantry that leads to the basement. As he crosses the cracked green linoleum floor, Jericho steps through the entranceway from the living room. A half-empty whiskey bottle is held loosely in his left hand. He is six feet five inches tall and two hundred and fifty pounds of ugly muscle wearing a form-fitting black t-shirt and blue jeans. Tattoos decorate the man’s arms and exposed neck. A religious zealot, a silver cross swings freely from his neck, shining dully in the light of the kitchen.
“Where you been?” he asks, speech slurring and eyes twitching back and forth involuntarily.
Jack knows no matter what he says, the other man will twist his words. “I was walking a friend home,” he says in a soft voice, keeping eyes pinned to the floor.
The big drunk smirks, bringing the whiskey to his mouth, taking a long swig. “You’re lying again, boy!” he yells and throws the bottle.
Jack ducks out of the way, bumping into the kitchen counter. The bottle smashes against the cabinets, glass exploding in all directions. Opening his eyes, he focuses on the door to the basement.
Jericho moves quickly to slug the younger man in the stomach. The blow knocks the wind out of Jack, and he slumps forward. The larger man keeps him from falling to the kitchen floor.
Jack hates everything about the drunken bastard. Finally gulping down a breath, he brings up his hands, shoving the guardian backward. Jericho falls to the kitchen floor, and with any luck, will not remember how he got there. Jack makes for the basement door as fast as he can.
“What the fuck are you doing?!” a woman’s voice screams just as Jack grips the door’s handle. Turning, he sees his other guardian, Jericho’s sister Mary. She moves quickly towards him. Mary has something in her hand as she lands a punch to his temple. He brings his arms up in defense, but Mary is tougher than her brother. She strikes again at Jack’s head. The cordless telephone she is hitting him with breaks apart. Plastic pieces rain down onto the floor. An unfortunate strike, a white flash, and the sensation of falling into ice-cold water come over Jack as he blinks out of consciousness. When he wakes, he feels something warm trickling down his throbbing face. Loud voices assail him, as his vision swims back into focus. Jericho and Mary are pushing each other and yelling about what a piece of shit the young man is.
“I didn’t raise no sissy!” Jericho yells in a drunken stupor. Drooling and spitting, he uses the kitchen counter to keep from falling.
Mary’s matted, grey greasy hair hangs over the neckline of a faded pink nightgown. Large like her brother, she is five feet two inches tall and weighs in at a wondrous three hundred and twenty-five pounds. She brings a lit cigarette to her mouth and regards Jericho with a look of disgust painted on her haggard face. Walking across the kitchen, a small trail of smoke wraps around her fat face as she stares down at the young man. Jack wonders if she may leave him alone. He feels some hope she might forget he pushed Jericho to the ground.
As if Mary can read his thoughts, all hope fades, and she kicks him hard in the stomach, “You’re the son of a dead whore!” she screams, the sound piercing Jack’s very heart. All he knows of his mother is that she died during childbirth. The identity and whereabouts of his father are a mystery.
“You think just because you’re almost eighteen years old that we don’t still own you!” Punctuating her point, she kicks him again—the well-placed blow causing more pain than it does permanent injury. Jack steels himself against the anguish and then gets slowly to his feet.
Mary grabs him by the back of the head, jerking him the rest of the way to standing. His stomach screams in pain from the sudden movement. Holding him by the hair, looking into his eyes, she says, “Now, think before you go lying to me.” Yanking his head back, she brings him closer to her face. Jack can almost taste the foul breath coming from her open mouth, a mix of burnt cigarettes and gin, “What did I tell you about walking that little bitch Lily home?”
Rage boils inside of him at the mention of Lily’s name, “You don’t...” he starts to protest, but she cuts him off by putting out the cigarette on his neck.
“I don’t ‘what’ Jack?” she asks, smiling as he squirms. He does not cry out. She takes the cigarette away from his skin, leaving him staring into her sunken dark eyes.
“I don’t mention that little bitch’s name, or what? What can you do?” Mary studies him carefully. She is one of only a few people that knows something of his true nature.
“I was late walking home, there’s nothing else,” Jack explains, rage still bubbling just beneath the surface. The fire of his soul pours into his eyes without him knowing it.
Mary smiles, watching him struggling to stay in control, “Get your chores done, and get down to your room,” she hisses, throwing him away from her. He catches himself awkwardly as he falls. The pain in his head turns to nausea from the sudden movement.
Mary turns her attention back to Jericho, who is busy finding another bottle in a cupboard, “And you!”
The large man’s bloodshot watery eyes retrain and focus on his sister.
“Leave him alone until he’s done with his chores,” she smiles, looking at the young man. “Then you two boys can play.”
Jericho grins at her choice of words, then staggers out of the kitchen towards the living room.
Jack’s heart pounds loudly inside his head. The faint noise of the television in the living room fills the background. Leaving his backpack on the floor, he decides to start with the house laundry first and heads downstairs.
Even though it is a cold fall night outside, the basement is, as usual, sweltering. Jack pauses as the washer and dryer start their cycles, before walking to the portion of the basement where he sleeps. There is a small wooden stool, and a makeshift desk made of cinder blocks and an old broken door. On the workspace is a cup with a few pencils and pens. A lamp scavenged from the massed amounts of junk and clutter that occupy the dreary underground space casts a warm glow. His favorite pictures from old National Geographic magazines decorate the wall above the desk. To the right of the desk are a well-worn twin mattress and box spring. Threadbare sheets, a pillow made of old clothing sewn together, and a worn green sleeping bag serve as bedding. Stacks of cardboard boxes and junk form the impromptu walls of the sleeping area.
Tucked out of sight between the mattress and the wall is a bundle of papers. Jack sits down on the bed, pulling the papers out reverently. He makes sure not to rip or crumple the precious letters and poems Lily has written for him. At the center of the collection, the treasure of his possessions, a wallet-size photo. It is a print of Lily posing for her senior portrait taken earlier in the year. She is wearing a yellow summer dress with her hair down, sitting on a grassy field smiling for the camera and framed by dark foreboding woods in the background. Her yellow dress and smile glow radiantly in the bright sun.
The sound of someone moving around upstairs brings him back to the dismal surroundings. Two more months and he will be eighteen. He will be out of the house and away from his guardians for good. Sitting there, holding her picture, he thinks of their kiss earlier, and how having her in his life gives him hope.
The old washer and dryer drown out the sound of the basement door opening. The stairwell creaks and the noise draws Jack’s attention. He quickly hides the letters and photographs. Getting to his feet, he goes to investigate. Coming around a stack of boxes, he sees Jericho leaning against the basement wall. The larger man looks as though he is about to collapse. He slumps against the wall, clutching his stomach with one hand. The other hand holds a large butcher knife. Icy fear grips Jack as he realizes this is different from other nights.
“It’s time, Jack,” Jericho mutters as he winces in pain. The big man looks as though he is going to be sick.
Hoping to escape, Jack steps slowly closer to the stairwell, making sure to keep a safe distance.
Jericho suddenly groans and falls to the ground. Something dark and glistening pools on the floor around his stomach. The large man is bleeding out. The smell of copper fills the air, quickly overpowering the dank mustiness of the basement. Jericho takes his last breath, body shuddering for several seconds as the life leaves him. The fear inside of the young man makes his legs wobbly, and vision starts to tunnel.
Rallying, Jack moves quickly around the dead man and up the staircase, clearing two at a time. The handle of the door at the top of the stairs starts to turn. He halts, heartbeat hammering like thunder in his ears. The white door opens slowly. There is a slight creak from rusty hinges as a fiery light from the kitchen floods down. The house overhead is ablaze, and standing above Jack in the doorway, wreathed in flames, is the Man in Black.
The man wears a three-piece suit cut from cloth made of the night sky. His face looks like a carved piece of weathered granite. Startling slightly at seeing the young man standing on the basement stairwell, the Man in Black is momentarily wrong-footed. Jack leaps at the opportunity, vaulting up the stairs quickly. The Man in Black recovers his composure and raises the gun in his right hand. Jack trips, falling to his knees and stopping short. Only the last three steps of the stairwell are between the barrel of the gun and his head.
The man’s weathered face parts in an awful smile. “It's time, Jack.”
Jericho said the same thing, the young man thinks, before pushing the thought away. “What are you talking about?”
“I’m taking you home, and if you hesitate, countless lives will be lost.” As the Man in Black speaks, his eyes bleed to completely black. A sick grin, with too many teeth, forms on the man’s face as those twin glistening ebony orbs stare down the stairwell.
Burning energy starts taking form within Jack, “I’m not going anywhere with you!” he screams defiantly. The burning power begins to crescendo, and time begins to slow. Particles of ash, gray snowflakes in the air, stop falling. The roar of the flames dulls to faint background noise. Swirling smoke slows to a crawl as Jack begins to move up the last few stairs. He does not understand what is happening to him and thinks only of Lily.
The monstrous Man in Black begins to squeeze the trigger, and a gunshot rings out.

The Man in Black
I hate this job, Officer Speedwell thinks as she watches the young man walk away. At first, she believed she could make a difference. Then she watched as her training officer took bribes, beat suspects, and stole evidence. With time, she saw the same corruption in almost every other officer in the department. It was there in the way they joked, and in the way everyone ignored unspeakable acts of depravity. At times Speedwell felt her sanity starting to slip away, continually struggling to maintain a sense of right and wrong as the weight of corruption bore down.
Tired, she lets her forehead rest for a moment on the steering wheel. The chilly fall air pours through the open car window, hitting the nape of her neck. She breathes deeply, allowing herself a moment’s respite. Recognizing her thoughts are teetering over the oblivion of hopelessness, she forces herself to sit upright. For several minutes, she breathes and lets the worries fall away: the job, the corruption, the sickness lurking at the heart of Edge City.
The car radio comes to life, “26 Bravo, what’s your status?”
Speedwell does not miss the annoyance in the dispatch operator’s voice. It is Friday night, and it would be Helen Worsen working at the dispatcher station for her beat. Helen is having an affair with one of the officers working tonight. Speedwell knows the officer is corrupt and on the take. Married with two children, he will never go to jail for the way he abuses them. She usually gets angry with Helen when she comes over the radio with attitude. However, not this time. Sitting up straighter, she lets out a sigh.
Speedwell’s skin starts to tingle with warmth, reminding her of a camping trip last summer. A thunderstorm came out of nowhere and kept her in the tent for most of an afternoon. When the rain stopped, the sun quickly broke through the clouds. Leaving the shelter, she felt the embrace of sunlight tingling across her whole body. For whatever reason, this memory makes her think of Jack. She reaches out and puts the cruiser into drive. After a short time, she is turning left onto Danyon Street. Slowing down, she notices a shadowy figure getting out of a parked cream-colored sedan. Pulling over, she turns off the headlights, and parks discreetly.
The person glides across the road, and no matter where the figure is, the streetlamps are unable to illuminate them. It is a tall, solidly built man who looks like a piece of the night cut into the shape of a person and given a will of its own. Her stomach tightens, seeing a red gasoline can in one of his hands.
The man reaches the other side of the street and walks onto the lawn of Jack’s home. Speedwell quietly exits the vehicle and approaches the parked cream-colored sedan. Using her flashlight sparingly, with a gun at the ready, she peers through the rear windows. After she is sure the vehicle is clear of threats, she radios her position to dispatch. “Dispatch 26 Bravo, show me out at the 1400 block of Danyon Street.”
“26 Bravo say again? You’re attached to 28 Edward’s call, and I show you in route,” the dispatchers' voice holds an annoying edge.
Speedwell curses under her breath, anger flashing, “Dispatch 26 Bravo negative. Show me out on the 1400 block of Danyon Street on a welfare check, start me a cover unit.” She demands in a harsh whisper.
Having a keen sense of self-preservation, Speedwell knows when to ask for help. There is a long pause in the response from dispatch. Impatiently she waits, watching as the man reaches the front door of Jack’s home. The porch light has burned out, and his back is turned to her. He reaches into the breast pocket of his suit jacket. The hand comes out, but she cannot see what is in it.
“What the hell are you doing?” Speedwell whispers to herself.
The figure on the porch looks down at his hands. Speedwell hears a familiar sound, the slide action of a semi-automatic handgun. The man kicks in the front door, the faint light from a television silhouetting him in unnatural light. She watches, heartbeat racing, as the gun moves blindingly fast. The sound of two shots fired in short succession booms in the air.
Speedwell’s sergeant comes over her earpiece, “26 Bravo, this is S-20, confirm you’re en route to the shots fired call?”
“Negative S-20. I am at the 1400 block of Danyon Street. Shots fired, roll me a cover unit now dammit!”
Speedwell almost yells the last as she leaves the cover of the sedan, running across the street towards the house. She was too loud because the man on the porch spins around firing from the hip. The shot catches her square on, dropping her hard to the ground. The bulletproof vest saves her life. The force of the impact is like being hit by a car. The sidearm falls from her grasp as she lands hard on the cold pavement. She lays there for a few seconds in agony, the wind knocked out of her. Struggling, Speedwell rolls into the prone position, forcing breath into aching lungs.
Forgetting the radio traffic in her ear, she looks frantically around for the missing weapon. She sees the outline of the sidearm precariously perched on a storm drain a few feet away. Keeping low, crawling as quickly as possible, she scrambles towards the curb. The man on the porch watches with a detached interest as she claws her way towards the gun. Speedwell’s fingers close around the grip of the firearm. From the prone position, she begins to aim. However, before she can fire, two more rounds impact on the sidewalk within a hairsbreadth of her head. Stinging bits of concrete bite into Speedwell’s face; her eyes close reactively. After a moment, her eyes open, seeing the man on the porch pointing a gun at her. He wears an all-black business suit, face holding a smile etched across hard features.
“This doesn’t concern you. Put the gun down or die.” The Man in Black’s voice projects across the yard with an unnerving calmness. The officer and the man on the porch stay perfectly still for a few moments until Speedwell lowers her sidearm, putting it to rest on the curb.
“Eject the magazine and throw your gun in the storm drain next to you.” Again, he speaks with strange calmness, as if he is passing on the street and asking the time.
She thumbs the magazine release. It falls from the gun clattering onto the sidewalk, and then she tosses the sidearm down into the storm drain. The resonating clank of the firearm tumbling down into the sewer fills the quiet street. For a moment, she thinks she is going to die.
She pushes through the fear and looks at the man on the porch. The dim light from the living room casts a sickly green shadow across his features. The Man in Black smiles down at her, “Good girl. Stay there until I’m through, head down.” he says, like she is five years old and poses absolutely no threat.
Speedwell rages with anger. Gritting her teeth, she stays as still as possible. She hears the man moving around on the porch and wants to reach for the spare gun kept tucked into the lining of her bulletproof vest. Waiting patiently, she listens for the man to go inside the house. The sound of pouring liquid fills the nighttime silence. A match strikes, the sound of air displaced, and a bright warm glow tells her the house is now on fire.
Speedwell moves slowly and pushes the transmit button on her radio. “This is 26 Bravo, officer down, send medics and fire to 1400 Danyon Street,” she whispers as loudly as she dares. The calm she felt earlier in her squad car returns. Looking up from the ground she sees the front of the house ablaze and the Man in Black moving around inside. Speedwell pulls her uniform shirt open and retrieves her secondary weapon with trained ease. Getting to her feet, saying a silent prayer of thanks to the persons who invented bulletproof vests, she moves quickly across the yard towards the burning house.
With renewed vigor, she bursts into a run, charging through the licking flames on the porch and into the house. She is reckless, but a sense of heroic purpose fills her as she stalks through the living room. The conflagration drowns out the sound of her steps as she moves passed an overweight woman sitting on a filthy couch in the living room. The woman wears a pink nightgown and has a large smoldering bullet hole in her face. Not lingering on the dead woman and seeing a trail of blood leading into the kitchen, Speedwell slows her pace. After a few more steps, she recognizes the heavy smell of gasoline in the air just before the living room bursts into flames.
“Shit!” she yells. Darting into the kitchen, she dives the last few feet, as the pool of gas she was standing in ignites. The bloody trail from the living room finishes at the rear of the kitchen, where the Man in Black stands before an open doorway. Kitchen ablaze around him, he stares down into the basement. His mouth is moving, but she cannot register what he is saying.
Speedwell’s body hits the ground. The pain in her chest flares as she sights down the barrel of the gun and squeezes the trigger.
With a loud bang, the Man in Black’s head snaps to the right. A spray of black blood and brain matter explodes from the side of his face staggering him to the side. Gun still in hand, he tries awkwardly to turn, but Speedwell fires again, squeezing the trigger repeatedly until the gun clicks empty. Two rounds impact the man’s face, one blowing out his left eye. Several more shots hit center mass. Staring at Speedwell for a moment, he finally collapses onto the green linoleum floor. A dark pool of liquid pours from the wounds like an oil spill.
Laying on the kitchen floor, the trauma from being shot takes over Speedwell’s body. Flames from the burning house blaze around her. Smoke fills her lungs. She panics and begins to choke. Finding a reserve of strength, she struggles to her feet.
Got to get out, thoughts scream, but her body cannot respond. Crashing back down to the floor, she no longer has the strength to rise—a feeling of calm envelopes her. As the red glow of the flames seeps through her eyelids, she falls into the oblivion of unconsciousness.
Landed
Back up arrives fifteen minutes later. Fire and medical personnel are first on the scene when a young man, his clothes still smoking, comes staggering out from behind the burning yellow house carrying an unconscious Edge City police officer. Other officers from Speedwell’s precinct evacuate neighbors as the firefighters put out the blaze and the medics tend to the two survivors.
“What the fuck!” Officer Kraveetz yells at no one in particular. The fifty-four-year-old man is five foot eleven with a lean and powerful build. He is not a subtle man. When he heard Speedwell on the radio requesting aid, he started driving to the 1400 block of Danyon Street, knowing it would take thirty minutes to get there. The backup should have been at the scene within five minutes of her request for aid.
Kraveetz stands shaking his head a short distance from the medics as they work on Speedwell. A twenty-year veteran, he has been a godfather and mentor since her father passed away. He knows she has a hard time being an honest cop in a dirty precinct full of idiots. He is as tough as coffin nails, but Speedwell touches a soft spot. He followed her training, encouraging her to maintain her integrity. So many of the recruits end up dead, in jail, missing, or any number of horrors that befall someone when they sell their soul.
Kraveetz was a Sergeant just a few short months ago. A drug bust, which turned into a lot of dead bodies and a missing suspect, earned him a demotion.
“I don’t give a shit about medical clearance; I want to talk to her now!”
Kraveetz hears the all too familiar voice of his old academy mate yelling at nearby medical personnel. Turning around, he sees the other man several yards away. Coming from behind, Kraveetz grabs him by the arm and drags him behind a fire engine, “I ever hear you stalling when a cop is calling for help, I swear to God I don’t care who’s paying you off, I’m going to take you out back of the precinct and beat you to death!” his gravelly voice promises.
Sergeant Hodgkins was promoted despite the seven internal affairs investigations in his first three years on the job. After every one, Hodgkins came away free and clear. He is untouchable, and after lucky number seven, they no longer bothered investigating him when complaints came about. Kraveetz hates the fact that sycophantic pieces of shit like Hodgkins are allowed to live while so many of his friends died in the line of duty. Hodgkins is not a bad cop; he is the worst kind of cop. Kraveetz knows Hodgkins has sold out fellow officers to the darker powers at work in Edge City. The same men and women that had once been friends with Kraveetz were now either missing, corrupt, or dead.
Hodgkins grins, straightens his uniform, and walks away. “You know Kraveetz you should watch your mouth. You never know when you might wind up on the back of a milk carton.” He keeps walking, not bothering to look at the veteran officer. Suddenly pulled around by the shoulder, a fist slams into his face.
Hodgkins falls to the pavement from the punch Kraveetz delivers. The older man stands over the fatter man, looking anything but intimidated by threats. “Fuck you and FUCK your milk carton! You want to threaten me you stupid son of a bitch, then let’s go!”
“You’re dead...” Hodgkins starts to say.
WHAP! Another quick punch snaps into Hodgkins pudgy face.
“Shut – Your – Mouth.” Kraveetz emphasizes each word by jabbing the other man in the chest with a finger. Hodgkins is a slow learner, but he does manage to keep his mouth shut for several seconds while Kraveetz spells it out for him. “Don’t you ever stall for time like that again.”
Leaving Hodgkins to pick himself up off the ground, Kraveetz starts to walk back towards the medics to check on Speedwell. After getting to his feet, the humiliated Sergeant simmers with rage. Nose bleeding, he spits at Kraveetz, a dark blob of phlegm hitting the veteran officer on his exposed left arm. “You’re a dead man Kraveetz, dead!” He hisses through swollen, bloodied lips.
Kraveetz spins on his heel, lunges, and plants yet another perfect punch straight into the other man’s pudgy face. Hodgkins’ eyes roll back into his head as he collapses to the ground, the strike knocking him out. A young city firefighter checking the lines on the fire engine saw Hodgkins spit on Kraveetz. The young man, face dirty with sweat and black soot, walks up to Kraveetz nodding in the direction of the man lying unconscious on the pavement, “Everything all right sir?” he asks, unintentionally standing in the older officer’s path. Eyes move between Kravetz’s gaze and the sergeant who is lying on the pavement. Kraveetz catches a hint of nervousness in the firefighter’s voice that bespeaks volumes of his desire to do the right thing.
Kraveetz allows himself a smile and nods in Hodgkins’ direction, “If he’s in your way, move him. If not, then leave him be.”
The firefighter is about to say more, but Kraveetz ends the conversation by walking away towards the nearest ambulance.
The older officer comes around the back of the emergency vehicle and sees Speedwell being attended to by one of the paramedics. Face wincing in pain, her eyes are bloodshot and watery. Her uniform is ripped and torn open, and bandaging covers her chest.
“How are you doing kid?” he asks gently.
The paramedic is putting an oxygen mask over her face when Speedwell hears his voice. Smiling, she turns her head slowly to look at him. “Been better Sarge, how about you?” Her voice carries the tiredness of shock. However, her smile brightens when she lays eyes on him. Speedwell never stopped calling Kraveetz ‘Sarge’. To her, he will always be a sergeant no matter what some administrative idiots say.
“If you look like this, the other guy better be dead,” Kraveetz tells her matter-of-factly. Smile faltering, she closes her eyes at the mention of the man she killed. With just over a year out of the academy, she shot and killed a man tonight. Some cops go their whole career without firing their gun in the line of duty. On some level, it bothers Speedwell greatly she has taken the life of another human being. Tears start falling down her cheeks as the fatigue of the night finally comes crashing down. Kraveetz, taken aback by her tears, tries hard to remember what he is supposed to do when girls cry.
“She’s stable now, but we should get her to the hospital for a full workup,” the paramedic comments.
“Why don’t you take a break for a minute?” Kraveetzs’ tone brooks no argument. The paramedic exits the ambulance and the veteran officer gets in, sitting on the bench next to Speedwell’s gurney.
“You’re going to be okay,” he says softly.
Opening her eyes, she reaches out to hold his hand. “I had no choice, Sarge, I had no choice.” Gripping the hand hard, more tears start pouring down her cheeks.
“Hey!” Kraveetz says a little more loudly than he intends. She stares at him intently, the look reminding him of his daughters when they used to cry, and just needed to hear that ‘it would be all right.’ He lowers his voice. “Is the fucker that shot you dead?”
Taking a moment to process the question, she nods. “Yeah, Sarge,”
A smile of fatherly pride appears on Kraveetz’s lips, and he nods. “He’s dead, and you’re alive. That’s a good day and a good job.”
Speedwell tells him about having a shitty night with dispatch, and how she found her way over to Danyon Street. She tells him about the Man in Black and finishes the story with her lying on the kitchen floor as the whole house burned down around her. The last thing she remembers, just before passing out, is the Man in Black lying on the green linoleum, deathly still.
“Sounds like a clean shoot kid. Nothing to worry about.” Kraveetz nods in the affirmative at his assessment then lights another cigarette.
Speedwell has gotten to know him well over the years. Even though his outward demeanor seems callous, he sticks to a firm set of rational moral principles. She knows because of this, he hardly ever worries about the outcomes of his actions. Only when something worries him does Kraveetz start smoking like a chimney.
“I’m okay, thanks for asking,” she says in a gentle, teasing voice. Kraveetz moves the cigarette out of sight, awkwardly smiling and blowing the smoke away from her.
“Yeah, you got shot, and until you’ve been checked out at the hospital you’re going to take it real easy.” He had seen enough gunshot wounds to know it can take hours for something that has been shaken loose or broken to end a person’s life. He reaches out and squeezes Speedwell’s shoulder affectionately.
“Thanks.” she whispers, reaching up to touch his hand gently. “I’m going to be fine; just do me a favor, make sure the kid is okay, and he gets someplace safe.”
A look of curiosity crosses Kraveetz’s face. “What kid?”
The paramedic returns, and overhearing the question offers an answer. “Fire said a young man carried Officer Speedwell out from behind the house as it was going up. He’s in the other wagon,” he explains, nodding in the direction of the other ambulance.
Kraveetz exits and the paramedic gets back in, checking the intravenous line in Speedwell’s left arm.
Hearing Speedwell was hurt so badly she had to be carried clear of the burning building, Kraveetz’s worry increases, “Hey, Speedwell,” the sound of her mentor’s gruff voice catching her attention, she looks away from the medic, “…you look like shit.”
She laughs and then winces as the pain in her chest reminds her to lay still. “You always know what to say to a girl.”
Kraveetz laughs softly at her ability to stay witty, knowing from firsthand experience how badly being shot hurts. His cigarette bobs up and down as he chuckles at himself.
“I’m a charmer,” he says, looking down at raw knuckles. His lips part into a satisfied grin as he thinks about Hodgkins. Speedwell watches him cradling the hand and knows someone has been on the receiving end of those knuckles.
“What’s so funny?”
Like a kid caught doing something he was not supposed to be, Kraveetz drops his hand to his side and stops smiling. Speedwell regularly tells him he needs to watch his ass or the powers-that-be will find a way to fire him. She is the only person who can tell him he is wrong without the possibility of getting punched in the face.
“Nothing, just talking with Hodgkins before I came to see you.” Kraveetz lets the end of his sentence hang in the air as a way of saying he wants to change the subject. He takes out a fresh pack of smokes from his uniform breast pocket. The orange glow of the flame as he lights a cigarette is a stark reminder to Speedwell of the last thing she remembers before waking up on the lawn of the house.
After seeing Speedwell off, Kraveetz tracks down the young man who pulled her out of the burning building. As he nears the rear of the second ambulance, he can hear the medic talking.
“Okay, we’re going to get you checked out at the hospital. As soon as the fire guys are out of the way, we can get out of here.” The older medic says, smiling at Jack. The younger man looks rough; covered with bruises, small cuts, singeing, and a black eye.
The Man in Black never had the chance to finish pulling the trigger. Just before the hammer fell the right side of his face opened. The follow-up shots accompanied by the sharp reports of a handgun let Jack know there was another person somewhere in the kitchen doing the shooting. He waited only a few seconds after the Man in Black slumped face forward onto the ground until he flew up the last few stairs into the fiery kitchen. Averting his gaze from the growing pool of blood, Jack saw a police officer laying passed out on the green linoleum. Running to the officer’s side, he picked her up in his arms. Even though it was not the easiest way to carry a person, he managed to get them both out the back door. He came around the front of the house as medics and fire vehicles had come screaming up to the house.
Kraveetz walks around the rear of the ambulance, catching Jack’s gaze. “So tell me about the Man in Black.”
The young man freezes. He does not know who this police officer is, or what he should say next. As if reading his mind, Kraveetz says, “Don’t think about it, just answer and no bullshit.”
“I… He had a gun, and he was going to shoot me and then…” Jack pauses, remembering the sight of the man’s head blowing apart, “…he got shot in the head and then the chest. I ran out of the basement…”
“You were in the basement?” Kraveetz interrupts.
“Huh, yeah I was in the basement. My guardian had just come down the stairwell that led to the kitchen.”
Kraveetz nods, “Where’s your guardian now?”
“He, he died, I think.”
“You think?”
“Yeah, he came down into the basement, clutching his stomach and bleeding. He slumped over, and I ran for the stairs to get out through the kitchen.”
Kraveetz nods as Jack tells his tale. “Then what happened?”
“Then I was on the stairs almost to the door when it opened, and there’s a guy dressed in black standing there with a gun. He pointed the gun at me and then his head exploded.”
Rushing through the last part of his story, he tries not to dwell on how scared he had been waiting for the Man in Black to pull the trigger.
Kraveetz let the silence hang in the air for a few moments. “The Man in Black, did he say anything to you?”
“He said I should follow him and that if I didn’t people were going to die.”
“Anything else?”
Still in shock from the nights’ events, Jack concentrates on remembering. “Yeah, he said, ‘It’s time, Jack.”
The older man raises his eyebrows again. “And you’re Jack, right?”
“Yeah, I’m Jack.”
Kraveetz takes a few moments to process everything. Lighting yet another cigarette, he nods at the young man. “Anything else you think I should know?”
Jack hesitates. “The Man in Black’s eyes were solid black. There was no white to them, just blackness.”
Kraveetz’s posture becomes rigid with tension, “When they’re done with you at the hospital, I’ll give you a ride to wherever you need. You got any family I can call?”
“My guardians were the only ones I had,” Jack comments out of hand.
Kraveetz grimaces at being stuck with a cluster mess this early hour in the morning. He promised Speedwell to look after Jack, so he will. “How old are you?” he asks, silently praying he says ‘eighteen’, or close to it.
“Almost eighteen.”
“Fantastic,”
“Is the lady officer all right?” Jack asks.
Kraveetz smiles warmly. “Her name’s Gale, Gale Speedwell and she is going to be just fine thanks to you.”
Jack relaxes his shoulders and lets out the breath he has been holding. His thoughts start to scramble as the earlier adrenaline rush fades and finally brings him crashing down into exhaustion. 
Hodgkins eventually regains consciousness and goes about ordering the crime scene detectives to complete tasks which they already know to complete. Kraveetz is gone from the scene and arrives at the hospital with Speedwell and Jacks’ ambulances. He spends the rest of the night going between their beds. He and Jack agree it will be best not to get Child Services involved. It is a lot of paperwork, and then there is waiting for the worker to come to the hospital.
“We ain’t got time for that shit, right?” he asks the younger man.
“Okay?” Jack says unsurely.
Upon his request, Kraveetz drives Jack to Lily’s house. The officer introduces himself to Lily and her mother, explaining the situation to them both. Kraveetz says with Jack being almost eighteen, and the fact he has no family or other guardians, they can bend the rules a little. And if it is okay with all parties involved, Jack can stay with Lily and her mother until he is eighteen and then move out on his own. Lily’s mom accepts Kraveetz’s plan enthusiastically, assuring him Jack will be safe with her. Kraveetz gives his card to her in case he needs to get in touch. After thanking her, he shakes Jack’s hand just before departing, “You did a good thing getting Speedwell out of there. Thank you.”
The young couple could not have asked for anything better. Lily’s mother makes it clear Jack will be sleeping in a separate room. Later that evening, before everyone goes to bed, Lily’s mom explains, as delicately as she can, that the two of them should not do any ‘adult stuff’ under her roof. The awkwardness of the moment passes quickly, and Jack and Lily say goodnight to one another, going off to their separate rooms.
The Proposition
It is Jack’s first day back at school since the fire. He is in the morning chemistry class when an office aide comes into the room with a note. The teacher takes the note and then looks directly at him. “Jack, would you please go to the main office, someone is waiting there for you.”
He gathers up his backpack and leaves. When he walks in through the main office front door, he sees a police officer standing off to the side.
Officer Kraveetz greets him with a smile. “Good morning, Jack. Would you mind coming with me down to the station? I have some questions I need to ask you.”
The young man feels his stomach turn in knots at the thought of having to explain more of what had happened. Even though his guardians and the Man in Black are dead, he cannot shake a palpable sense of lingering dread. Jack pushes the unease away and focuses. The officer is here, and it got him out of a few classes he can stand to miss. They walk outside and around the building where a police squad car waits along the red curb.
“I thought the red curb was for emergencies only?” Jack asks.
Kraveetz smiles, “Yeah, I’ve heard that same thing myself,” he says before they both get into the car and leave the high school campus.
It is almost ten minutes of silent driving before Jack decides to say anything. “What’s this about, Officer Kraveetz?”
“I got to thinking, a kid like you growing in up a house like that, must have been tough.”
“Yeah, it was,” he says, intentionally keeping the answer vague, not wanting to talk about the house.
Kraveetz understands his hesitation to talk and changes verbal tactics. “Look, it took a lot of guts to do the right thing in the middle of a building burning down around you.” Pausing to take out a cigarette, he holds the pack up, offering it to the young man.
“I’m good…thanks.”
“Suit yourself.” Turning his attention back to the road, he places a cigarette between his lips. The car’s lighter makes a small popping sound signaling it is ready. The tip of the cigarette burns cherry red wi, th heat, and Jack remembers the fire.
“I grew up in a similar situation as you. No parents, I was adopted to a piece of trash coward that used to beat my adopted mother. When he finished with her, he’d go at me for a while.” Kraveetz lets the sentence hang in the air.
Jack feels the blood in his veins turn to ice as the older man talks about the past. Part of him cannot help but feel a connection with the man, and the gnawing splinter of a question forms in his mind. “What did you do?”
A small smile, full of sorrow and irony, tugs at the corner of the older man’s lips, “I waited until I was almost eighteen to get away. I lied about my age and signed up with the military. The war had just started, and I was eager to let my anger off its chain.” Lost in a distant memory for a moment, he continues, “I thought I knew what I was getting myself into, but once I got out of basic, and into combat, I knew I didn’t have a fucking clue what I was doing.”
A thought starts to form in Jack’s mind. It is a crystallization of all the feelings since the fire. He is free, but he does not know what to do next.
“We had just entered a village. I came around a corner, and a man was standing there over a small child.” A look of sorrow crosses Kraveetz’s face, pulling at Jack’s heart. It is the face of utter helplessness and the crushing weight of despair that goes along with it.
“The man was holding a gun, pointing at the little girl. She was so beautiful. She was wearing a dirty yellow dress and had this look of utter serenity across her face. I still remember, she was the most innocent thing I’d ever seen.” Taking a deep breath, the memory, and the accompanying flood of emotions, crash down on him. A single tear trails down his cheek, and he quickly wipes it away. Kraveetz continues abruptly, embarrassed at letting the memory get the best of him.
“She smiled at me,” he says, eyes distant. Jack listens to the story as an image, from somewhere he has never been, flashes into his mind for the briefest of moments. It is an enormous green field, with grass that looks like waves of water. Near the field, there is a woman in a yellow dress whose face he cannot see. Her presence radiates like the brilliance of the morning sun, and then the image is gone. Jack is back in the car listening to the story.
“I wasn’t fast enough. He pulled the trigger before I could bring my rifle up,” Kraveetz’s teeth are bared making his face look like some crazed animal. “It was so fast, that thing had all the time it needed to turn its gun towards me and fire. I felt like I was hit by a truck, and then there was a bright white flash, and I thought I was dead.” He pauses for a moment.
Jack is on the edge of his seat. “What happened?” he blurts out.
Kraveetz smiles. “I was only knocked unconscious for a few seconds, and the thing that shot me thought it would have some fun. When I came to, the thing was standing over me.”
“I’m sorry, Officer Kraveetz, but why do you keep calling the man a ‘thing’?” He has an idea what the older man is going to answer, and it terrifies him.
“You know why I keep calling that man a ‘thing’ Jack. When I woke up, it was standing over me, smiling and showing too many teeth for a man. Its eyes, Jack, its eyes weren’t a man’s eyes…” he trails off, voice full of awe at the moment that utterly changed his view of the universe.
Jack finishes the story for him, “…its eyes were solid black, like a doll's eyes.”
Kraveetz nods, “Just like your Man in Black, that thing had solid black orbs for eyes. When I stared into them, I felt a cold mountain of despair bearing down on me. I thought there was no hope, and I was already dead.”
Silence fills the car as it pulls into the precinct’s parking structure. Kraveetz puts the vehicle into park, and turns the engine off. “You know what happened next?”
Jack shakes his head, mind reeling at there being more than one creature like the Man in Black in the world.
“He looked at me with those damned eyes and pointed the gun at my head. Then something sailed over me, and there was a terrible scream, like an animal. I saw my closest friend holding onto a combat blade, buried in the chest of that fucking monster. They were both laying a few feet away in the rubble of the building.”
Jack has no idea what Kraveetz is talking about but listens intently.
“My friend had just saved my life. He rolled off the thing writhing and screeching on the floor. The blade turned to rust in the bastard’s chest, and black blood poured from the wound. Its body turned to ash and smoke before my eyes.”
“What was it?” Jack asks, but Kraveetz keeps telling the story without pause. He is not seeing this world; he is back there, all those years ago, watching the story unfold in his mind.
“I tore my eyes away from the dead monster and looked to my friend. It had managed to pull the trigger, and he was only a few moments away from death.” His eyes start to water, as he remembers holding his dying friend.
“I told him it would be okay, I’d get him help,” shaking his head at the memory, “he said it was too late for him. That he had done his job, and now it was time to go.”
Jack is getting choked up by the emotion in Kraveetz’s voice.
“He asked me to look after his daughter stateside, said she has a destiny, and I need to protect her. He told me if I ever saw another one of those things with black eyes again, pierce its heart or use fire to kill it.” Pausing for a few seconds, “He saved my life, then died in my arms in that godforsaken part of the world.”
They both sit in silent reverence for several minutes. Jack feels strangely honored Kraveetz would share the story with him. After a short while, the older man looks down at the floorboards, “After the war, when I got back to Edge City, the only person I told that story to was Dom’s daughter. I told her how her daddy died to save me. As she got older, I tried to explain what I saw; those damned black eyes, the speed of the thing, all of it.”
Jack makes the connection, and blurts out, “It was Gale, and Gale’s father was your friend. He saved your life.”
Kraveetz smiles and nods, “Dom Speedwell was one of the bravest men I ever met. He inspired me to be more than what I am. When I came back from the war, I looked after Gale like she was my daughter.”
Everything Jack hears makes sense, and he feels a burning resolve building.
“His life, my life, and Speedwell’s are all tied to yours. For some reason, the monster wanted you dead, fate stepped in, and Speedwell saved you,” Kraveetz says, holding out his hand for the young man to shake. “You saved the most important person in my life; thank you for that.”
Jack reaches out, clasping Kraveetz’s hand. He feels righteous, and beyond wonderful, having done something so good with his life.
“I brought you here to the station today to ask you a question. I know the truth about these monsters in the world. You know it too. Join Gale and me; be a part of our family. Join us in protecting the innocent and the weak.”
Everything about this moment feels right to Jack, “Okay, what do I have to do?”
Kraveetz, beams with fatherly pride. “Thank you. You’re a brave young man.”
“Officer Kraveetz, what are we doing here?” He asks, looking out the car window.
A smile spreads across his face. “Today, you start training.” The young man nods as Kraveetz looks at him inquisitively, raising an eyebrow, “Any other questions before we get started.”
One thought nags at Jack. “The Man in Black and the thing that killed your friend, what are they?”
Kraveetz lets out a sigh. “With his last breath, Dom said one word: Denizen.”

The Suspect That Got Away (6 months ago)
The stolen Ford Mustang’s dull white paint job radiates ethereal menace as it drives through a small desert town. The town itself consists of a bar, a diner, and a store with a single fuel pump.
Nearly out of gas, the car begins to grumble.
“Shit.” Donnie curses, glancing at the dashboard, already knowing what the orange needle is going to tell him.
“Great,” and with a long sigh, he pulls into a parking space in front of the small country store. The hand-painted sign above the front entrance reads, “Pine Grove Mercantile.”
Turning his head in all directions, all he can see is a flat desert and no trees. Far off in the east, there are the faint outlines of the mountains, and beyond that, the ocean begins. The sun and the heat of the desert bring Donnie to the memory of the night before. Stealing from some very unsavory people, evading the police, and now exhausted from driving all night.
Putting the car into park, the engine shudders itself to sleep. Letting out another sigh, he takes out his wallet. The last of his funds was spent on gasoline and an energy drink to keep him awake while driving. He notices a small red sign in the corner of the store window: “Help Wanted.”
Deciding to make some money for food and gas, he gets out of the car. The early morning heat causes him to break into a sweat before his legs are on the ground. Pausing, he looks at himself in the side view mirror before heading into the store. He changed blood-soaked clothing at the last gas station in Edge City. Now, he wears a clean pair of blue jeans, a form-fitting black t-shirt, and a crimson red leather motorcycle jacket.
The wind picks up, blowing dust in his face. A crow lands on the store’s hand-painted sign, watching him for a few moments as he walks. “Caaawwww!” it screeches.
Pine Grove Mercantile, he thinks to himself, puzzled for a moment at the name, finding it ironic given the store’s location. By the look of the exterior, he guesses an elderly couple runs the business. Imagining the wife at the register while her gray-haired beau softly sweeps the store brings a smile to his face. However, like so much else, the best guess will turn out to be completely wrong.
Opening the front door Donnie steps inside, finding the interior is nothing out of the ordinary. The electric hum of the air conditioner greets the beads of sweat on his face. Three rows of tightly packed shelves containing nonperishable food, camping and hunting gear, and liquor take up the bulk of the space. There is a walk-in cooler case towards the rear of the store.
Walking towards the register, he notices a man sitting and reading a porno magazine behind the counter. He wears a faded green John Deere ball cap, a short-sleeve flannel shirt, and faded jungle camouflage pants. He has an enormous beer gut, a grizzly beard, and a high and tight haircut. A tattoo on his left forearm reads, ‘U.S.M.C. Semper Fidelis’.
“Can I help you?” the man growls.
“Saw the help wanted sign in the window, and I want the job,” Donnie replies matter of factly.
The man looks him up and down, “This is my store, and I don’t appreciate nobody comin’ in here with an attitude.”
Donnie knows this is a test. The owner wants him to argue or back down. He does not care much for simple-minded people or their games. “Didn’t mean to have an attitude, sir. I don’t like to beat around the bush.”
“Don’t ever call me sir.”
He flashes a smile to show he understands. “Won’t ever happen again.”
“What’s your name?”
“Donnie Graves.”
The store owner does not offer his name in return. However, he wears a faded nametag that reads, JEAN.
Jean gets off the stool and walks out from behind the counter.
Donnie offers his hand, and the other man shakes it with a vice-like grip.
“I’m looking for someone to run things this summer, and maybe through the fall hunting season.”
“If you are offering me a job, I’ll take it.”
Jean looks him up and down one more time, “If you can start today, you’re hired.”
Donnie looks around the store, pretending to take it all in, “Show me where to start.”
“Don’t you even want to know what it pays?”
“I just ran out of gas. I’ll probably be sleeping in my car tonight, and beggars can’t be choosers.”
The statement has the desired effect. The look on Jean’s face turns from suspicion to surprise, “I count the cash drawer every night. If there is any money missing, I won’t be calling the police, if you catch my meaning.”
Donnie lets the implied threat go, having nothing to worry about, “I understand, the money won’t be missing.”
“All right then,” Jean says, turning towards the walk-in cooler at the rear of the store, “Daisy!” He yells.
After a few seconds, the metal latch of the cooler gives an audible click, and the door swings open. That was the first time Donnie saw her, and it was the last time he ever loved anyone.
The woman who comes out of the cooler strikes Donnie as being the most beautiful person he has ever seen. Straw blond hair in a ponytail highlights her delicate face. Her skin is pale except for her cheeks and nose, which are red from the cold. She wears a large navy blue jacket, yellow insulated gloves, beat-up sneakers, and blue jeans. Her beauty falls like a fresh summer rain over him. He cannot keep from staring, and she cannot help but stare back.
Something significant, like deep ocean currents, swirls just behind her eyes, the same eyes that Donnie’s mother used to have. Remembering his mother, he recalls his brother back in Edge City. They have always been close, and he could always depend on his brother for help when he needed it. However, this last deal had gotten very out of hand. Everything was going smoothly until that cop showed up. After that son of a bitch, Kraveetz, and the other officers made their appearance, the shooting started. During the fighting, Donnie slipped away with the goods as quickly as possible. After making his exit, he decided to leave Edge City, and with luck, he could outrun his former boss’s long reach. Worst-case scenario, his boss would send his number one enforcer after him, a monster of a man, known as the Man in Black. Donnie never liked that guy.
Standing there, looking into this woman’s eyes, he feels guilty about leaving his brother back in Edge City. Not much of a poet, he always came at life with the fire of a person who still dreamed. He had grown up in a world where dreams made you soft, and soft got you dead. Looking at this young lady, he remembers he once dreamed of better things.
For Daisy’s part, she feels something too. Looking at the young man, she feels forgotten things move inside of her.
Both experience the excitement of the unknown and of giving in to the free fall of instant attraction. And, just like that, they are in love. Although, they will only later have the barest of chances, a breath in the life of a moment, to revel in their racing attraction before things change.
“What the fuck are you looking at?!” Jean screams, startling Daisy.
She blinks out of the trance, keeping her eyes low, whispering an apology. “I’m sorry, Jean. I was just distracted, is all.” Having been with him for years, she is always careful to keep her feelings hidden. But with this stranger standing before her, it is an impossible task.
“You stupid fucking bitch! You think I can’t read on your face what you’re thinking?!”
Daisy pulls her arms up to her chest defensively, “Jean, it wasn’t nothing. I was thinking, I’m sorry, please.” She has learned to be careful, always walking on eggshells around her husband. His temper is explosive at the best of times. After the last beating, she knows he will kill her someday, and that she must get away. She has been planning on leaving for years. However, Jean keeps all the money from the store under tight control, he never leaves the car keys lying about, and he is friends with the local law enforcement. The last time she tried to run, they brought her back to him in handcuffs, knowing full well what waited for her.
Seeing the woman cringe, and knowing all about violence, Donnie thinks to himself, Just like momma. His whole body goes icy calm with pure rage. The anger he has held onto since a childhood full of beatings billows up. He remembers the nights alone out on the streets and being too afraid to come home. Too terrified to be there when his father was there. Donnie had grown up a little boy who could never stop his dad from hurting him, his brother, or his mother. He hates ever being weak, and even more than that, he hates bullies. At that moment, the feeling of a white-hot inferno of hate-fueled fury tears at his insides, screaming to be let loose.
“You shut your mouth!” Jean screams at Daisy.
Pointing a finger at Donnie, “You stay right there, fellah ‘cause I’m gonna whoop your ass next!” he promises, before stalking over to the young woman. Jean takes off his belt and threatens her with the confidence of so many other tragic moments. “I’m going to fix you real good this time,” he growls through gritted teeth, grabbing Daisy by her ponytail and yanking hard. Head snapping back, she yelps in pain, pulse pounding in her throat just beneath the skin.
“Hey, mister,” Donnie whispers thunderously. Both Jean and Daisy stop and stare at him, as the room fills with a terrible silence, the kind of quiet stillness that makes time slow to a crawl, waiting for what he says next. “Back away from the woman, and empty the cash register.”
Fear shoots through Daisy; anger shoots through Jean. Donnie feels as cold as arctic snow.
Jean laughs, the motion straining Daisy’s neck painfully. “Oh, son, you must be some kind of stupid comin’ in here, trying to rob me!” Screaming, he throws Daisy to the floor.
Jean reaches around his back for the Browning semi-auto tucked in the waistband. Moving with an unnatural quickness, Donnie darts forward just as the gun is coming to bear. Grabbing the other man’s gun hand, Donnie twists the wrist hard to lock the elbow and shoulder. The sharp pain makes Jean drop the gun to the floor, causing an electric jolt of anguish to travel down the trapped arm.
Donnie looks over his shoulder at Daisy. Her eyes are filled with terror as she stares at the scene unfolding, but then something changes. She stops trembling, a resigned calm comes over her, and Donnie can see all the years of pain in her eyes. He yanks Jean’s wrist downward and snaps a punch aiming for the straining elbow joint. The sound of an elbow dislocating is like a tree branch breaking inside of a wet towel.
Jean howls in pain, falling to the floor as Donnie releases him. Turning away from the broken mewling man, he picks up the fallen gun. Daisy startles and backs away from Donnie, scrambling until her back is against the cooler door. He feels shame strike his heart seeing her reaction.
Daisy’s apprehensive eyes fix on Donnie. Her mind races with thoughts of how to turn this situation to her advantage, but trepidation over the mayhem the stranger is causing gives her pause.
“I’m sorry if I scared you. I’m not going to hurt you.” he says softly.
Completely ignoring the writhing man on the floor, Donnie hurries over to the cash register. He empties its contents into a green camouflage duffel from behind the register. He places the gun, and a box of ammo from behind the counter, into the bag for later. Without looking up he says, “You coming?”
Seeing Donnie go to the register, and putting the gun away makes Daisy relax a little. Looking at Jean writhing and cursing on the floor, she thinks of how mad he is going to be later.
Donnie stops gathering supplies and looks at her, “Do you have the keys to the gas pump outside?”
Daisy continues to weigh her options. Her heart racing, the thought of leaving with this strange man astounds her for a moment. She has only an instant to decide. “I’ve got them.”
Standing up from the floor, she pulls a set of keys out of her pants pocket. Donnie is surprised at the sudden change in her. A moment ago, she was trembling on the floor. Standing there now, sure and confident with keys in hand, he thinks how strong she must have been to survive someone like Jean for any amount of time.
“Are you almost finished? We should get going.” Daisy says.
“Getting there,” he says with a roguish smile.
Daisy understands getting away from Jean is her only hope. She does not know anything about Donnie, but it must be better than staying and waiting to die. Rushing to the rear of the store, she comes back with a roll of duct tape and proceeds to tie up Jean’s legs, then cover his mouth so he will stop yelling. Donnie gathers supplies as she works.
They both finish their tasks and head out the front door of the store together. Daisy runs to the pumps and unlocks them, as Donnie finds a spare fuel can.
The long and forsaken road out of ‘Pine Grove’ leads further into the desert. With a full tank and an extra can, he hopes they can make it to the ocean without having to stop. Once on the road, everything is quiet. An enormous brown cloud off in the distance swirls angrily.
“It’s a dust storm; they can get pretty bad,” Daisy says quietly, pulling her knees up to her chest. The sudden realization she has run away with a violent drifter hits her like a truck.
Donnie cannot think of what to say, so he says nothing. The sound of the car’s motor rumbling down the lonesome highway fills the cabin. The wind outside picks up. It pushes against the vehicle like a giant invisible hand. Daisy has no idea what is going on, and the silence is starting to unsettle her, “My name is Daisy,” she says in a timid whisper.
Donnie smiles, “I remember from the store. Mine’s Donnie.”
She thinks back but cannot remember ever telling him her name.
Seeing the puzzled look on her face, he explains, “Jean yelled your name when you were in the cooler.”
“Oh,” she comments softly, then stops speaking.
He does not want her to stop talking, “Daisy is a pretty name,” he says, tone neutral and eyes fixed ahead on the road.
A tentative smile forms on her face. “Thank you. It was my mothers’ name.”
As she says it, Donnie notices her face crumble around the edges at the mention of her mother.
“What happened?” he asks.
Daisy tries not to think about it. She feels scared and knows absolutely nothing about this man. Her mind takes her to dark places, silently wondering if she made a terrible mistake going with him.
“Nothing, nothing happened,” she says in a rushed whisper, then turns her head to look out the window at the rapidly approaching dust storm.
Donnie sighs, “My mom died when I was young.” He pauses for a moment and then continues, “My dad was a real son of a bitch, and used to come home drunk a lot. One day he came home when I wasn’t there. He was drunk and angry.” He hesitates, feeling a burning rage start to creep back into him, “When I got home, the cops were already there. My father had beaten momma to death and hurt my little brother bad.” He does not know why he is sharing this with a woman he just met. When he looks across the seat at Daisy, she is crying. “What’s wrong?” he asks with genuine concern.
“Nothing, it’s just...” she trails off and sobs. “…I’m sorry,” she whispers. While he had been recounting the loss of his mother, the story resonated with her own. She does not know his man, but his openness rings true, and she begins to relax.
Silence falls on the inside of the car again. Unsure why he shared his emotional past with someone he just met, Donnie’s mind races. Trying to fill the awkward void, he looks across the seat at her. Her head is down, and she is staring at the floorboards.
“You don’t need to keep saying you’re sorry, Daisy.”
She looks up at him. “Okay.” She pauses and smiles softly. The redness in her eyes and the emotional roller coaster of the last hour have been a lot. She exhales a cleansing breath. “I’m just sorry about your mother.”
All Donnie can think to say in response is, “All right.”
She nods and goes back to looking out of the passenger side window. Both of them feel so completely vulnerable in front of the other person. They both wonder how they could feel so utterly naked having just met.
After a few minutes, Daisy starts to speak, still staring out the window. “My dad and mom started out loving each other so much...” She glances at Donnie, and the look in her eyes makes his heart ache. “… at least that’s what I thought until I was eight.”
He listens as she takes a deep breath before continuing, “I came home and found my mom in the living room with a black eye, crying, and my dad was telling her he was ‘sorry,’ that ‘it wouldn’t happen again’ and that he ‘loved her so much.’“ Her voice drips with sarcasm as she wipes away tears.
Donnie continues the story for her. “It happened again.” The barest tremble of emotion slips into his voice as he speaks.
A half a mile behind Donnie and Daisy, a corrupt local sheriff’s deputy is getting the quick and dirty version of what has happened at Jean’s store over the radio.
As he notices the squad car getting closer, Donnie shakes off the emotionally charged conversation. Like flipping a switch, freezing focused calm falls over him.
Daisy feels the vehicle begin to decelerate. “What are you doing?” she asks cautiously, her fear of the unknown rising.
Nodding over his shoulder, “Company,” is all he says.
Daisy turns around in the cracked vinyl bench seat and sees the squad car closing in. “Oh, Jesus!” she almost screams.
“Something wrong?” Donnie asks, voice as frigid as the first winter storm of the season.
“It’s Burt. He’s a friend of Jean!” She answers in a panicked voice.
Donnie smiles softly to himself and accelerates towards the dust storm. The squad car responds by turning on its overhead lights and giving chase.
“What are you doing? He’ll kill us for what happened back at the store!” Her words come in a pressured rush.
Daisy realizes the car is slowing down again and feels her growing fear turn to sheer terror. Donnie looks at her struggling to stay in the seat. He calmly reaches into the back seat for the duffel bag from the store. Holding the wheel between both legs, he brings the bag into the front seat and takes out the gun. Daisy pulls her knees up to her chest, unable to keep her eyes off the firearm. Donnie moves with a quickness she has never seen. He ejects the magazine and makes sure there is a round chambered, the inspection taking only a couple of seconds. He turns off the safety and hands the gun to her. She shakes her head and tries to escape the proximity of the weapon, unable to give voice to her fear.
Donnie frowns. He should have known Jean threatened her with the gun at some point. He places it on the passenger side floorboards.
“It’s loaded, and the safety’s off.” He speaks soothingly and calmly. “Daisy, listen to me. Do you want to go back to Jean?” he asks with all the gentleness he can muster.
“No,” she says, pushing her dread away.
He gives her a wolfish smile, “Good, put on your seatbelt.”
Focusing on finally getting away from that bastard, Daisy secures her seatbelt, tugging it tight, “I won’t go back to him.”
Donnie stomps down hard on the accelerator, eyes going back to the road. They are almost into the swirling tornado of dust. The noise from the wind outside sounds like a wild beasts’ roar. With the surge of power from the engine and the bellowing blustering dust storm outside, Donnie has to raise his voice to speak. “Daisy, take the gun.” She looks down at the weapon and then back at him. His voice is like the low rumble of a thunderstorm. “Kill whoever comes to the car. If I don’t come back in one minute, don’t wait. Go.”
Daisy cannot believe what he is asking her to do. A boiling inferno of emotion made by so many years of being scared transforms inside her into strength and resolve. Donnie starts to turn the car onto the dirt shoulder. Behind them, the squad car is twenty yards away, matching their speed. The howling wind and a thickening wall of sand shroud both vehicles in a blanket of swirling darkness. He pulls the Mustang completely onto the dirt shoulder of the desert road and taps the brakes once, rocking them both abruptly in their seats.
He looks one last time at her. “I’m going to stop hard, brace yourself.”
She clutches the seatbelt. “Be careful.”
Donnie smiles at her, and for a moment, Daisy sees something terrible behind his eyes, “You’re sweet to worry.” That is the last thing he says before slamming on the brakes.
The dust storm outside has dropped visibility to zero as the pale white Mustang skids to a halt after thirty yards on the dirt shoulder. Not prepared for the sudden maneuver, the following patrol vehicle struggles to decelerate. Before Donnie’s vehicle stops, he throws it into park, and the transmission complains with a metal-on-metal crunch, followed by the ticking of flywheels arresting the car's momentum. The old beast lurches as he opens the driver’s door. He leaps out and runs through the dust towards the approaching patrol vehicle.
“Shit!” The deputy yells as he slams on the brakes and tries to adjust his steering to avoid a collision. The front of the patrol car catches on the far edge of the dirt shoulder, pitching down and to the right. The sudden jerking movement, and the deputy’s lead foot on the brake pedal, put the cruiser into a clockwise spin.
“Goddammit!” The deputy yells as the car slides sidelong through the thick blanket of swirling dust. It comes to rest with its front end crashed in a six-foot-deep drainage ditch running along the road’s shoulder. The deputy is getting his seat belt off when he catches a shadow of something moving around in the dust storm.
Daisy waits with growing anxiety. the howl of the wind and swirling dust the only things to keep her company. Hearing a scream and the sound of gunfire coming from somewhere nearby, she startles. Daisy overcomes her fear and picks up the Browning high power with both hands, keeping it aimed at the floorboards. Time passes painfully slow, and the tension in her body starts to make her tremble.
Her chest tightens as she thinks about Donnie not coming back and being left all alone. The driver’s side door to the white Mustang jerks opens suddenly. Daisy jumps and almost squeezes off a round. Donnie gets into the car, and she notices him whimper as he settles into the seat. She keeps the gun aiming at the ground and does not set it down. Leaning forward, she sees there is blood flowing freely from a bullet hole in his left shoulder.
“DONNIE!” Daisy balks. He shoots her a look that says he is still feeling the fight. His eyes look so bleak they send a tremor down her spine. She settles back into the seat and notices Donnie’s hands are slick with blood. Daisy feels fear creep into her, suddenly glad of the gun in her hand. She pulls herself into the seat, as far away from him as she can get. He turns the key in the ignition. The engine answers back with an angry groan as it turns over and comes to life after a few seconds of protesting. He throws the car into drive and pulls back onto the pavement. Donnie and Daisy drive through the dust storm as fast as they can.
The road seems to materialize for a few feet and then disappears out the rear window back into the nothingness of the dust storm. After a few minutes of silence, Daisy speaks. “What happened back there?” She does not give him any time to answer, “Who are you, Donnie?!” She shouts.
He can hear the desperate fear creeping into her voice and is afraid to tell her the truth, unsure of how she will react. “I work for some people in Edge City.” He shoots her a sideways glance and continues, “The men I work for sometimes need help with certain problems.”
“I’m not an idiot,” she interrupts.
He hesitates to continue, “Well, what do you want me to say?”
Daisy can hear the frustration in his voice, “Who are you, Donnie?”
Staring at the dust hitting the windshield, he grips the steering wheel tight. “I’m a killer.”
Daisy does not move a muscle, and Donnie keeps staring into the storm. She speaks first. “You may be…” steeling herself to say it, “a killer. But you saved me back there. Thank you.”
He does not turn to look at her. “You’re welcome,” he says softly.
Daisy relaxes in the seat. “Can you see where you are going?”
Donnie slows down and pulls off the road, stopping on the shoulder. He turns in his seat to face her. Daisy is not sure what is happening. She sees the bullet wound in his shoulder and worries for him.
Completely ignoring the injury, Donnie speaks. “Look, I did what I did because I needed you.”
“Needed me?” she asks, tone gently questioning. Daisy wonders where this may lead. The same spark from back in the store, when she first laid eyes on him, builds in intensity, as her pulse quickens and cheeks flush.
Donnie does not expect this, and struggles to recover for a moment. Feeling vulnerable he says, “I needed a hostage.”
“You needed a hostage? You just killed an armed man with your bare hands! You’re dangerous, you don’t need a hostage.” His body stiffens, and she sees that he is afraid. She realizes he feels as vulnerable as she does, and her tone softens. “Donnie, why did you save me back there?”
“You needed help, so I helped.”
She smiles sweetly, then asks another question. “You mean, I needed your help?”
“Yeah,” Donnie replies.
“You mean…” she says, scooting closer to him on the worn bench seat, “that you thought I needed you?” She asks, her eyes holding a fiery intensity.
All he can think to say is, “Yeah.”
Daisy moves even closer, and he can smell the sweetness of jasmine in her perfume. He notices the light playing off her lower lip as she continues. “So why do you want me to need you, Donnie?” she asks, looking deep into his eyes. The edge of Donnie’s cool façade starts to crumble around the edges. Not knowing what to say, he looks away. She raises her hand and gently turns his head back. She sees there are tears in his eyes.
“I’m not one of the good guys,” Donnie whispers, voice cracking.
Not knowing where this will lead, Daisy runs her hand gently down his face. “You saved me.” Moving as she says it, her lips meet his. She kisses him with a passion and intensity that had been forsaken to her since she met Jean. Donnie does the only thing he can and kisses her back. The kiss turns from sweet warmth into the fiery burning of a star. Like twin heavenly bodies colliding, the couple’s emotions flare together and bring them both to a place where they have never been.
Donnie wraps the uninjured arm around Daisy as she kisses him again. The couple eventually makes it out of the dust storm. They keep driving until they see the ocean waves breaking along the coastline. It will be years later before Donnie and Daisy finally play out their parts in Jack’s story.
● ACT II ●
Broken Man’s Story
I like this tree. I want to sit under this tree. The man sits down under his favorite tree in his favorite park and starts having lunch. There are a lot of people in the park today. I like people, he thinks to himself.
A mother and child walk by the man. Seeing the burn marks that make up his face, the little girl inquires to her mother, “Mommy, what’s wrong with him?”
“Don’t stare honey, it’s not polite,” the mother replies, hurrying her daughter along.
As they leave, the little girl whispers, “But mommy, what’s wrong with his face? Is he broken?”
“Honey, stop.” The grown-up makes sure not to look at the scarred man. But the little girl turns back as she walks away.
“Bye, Broken man,” she says, waving goodbye.
Broken man? I like that. The man smiles and waves goodbye to the little girl. I like my sandwich, Broken Man thinks to himself as he goes back to eating his lunch.
The alarm on Broken Man’s digital wristwatch starts to beep. It reminds him it is time to go back to work. The watch was left to him by his brother Donnie before he disappeared. Donnie had told him he was going away for a while, and he would write when he got the chance.
Broken Man works as a janitor at a hospital. He lives in a small apartment all by himself and has many neighbors, whom he likes very much.
Broken Man was born just like everyone else. But when he was little, his father would hit his mother. His father beat him too sometimes. He cannot remember very well because he had been hit so many times in the head. When he turned five, he had been playing on the kitchen floor one evening while his mother cooked dinner. He was playing near the refrigerator when the door in the living room exploded open, and a drunken angry man came into the apartment screaming.
“What the hell are you doing you fucking whore!” Broken Man’s daddy bellowed.
He looked up from the black and white checkered linoleum floor and saw his mother standing over a boiling pot of water. Her eyes closed as tears streamed down her cheeks.
“Where the fuck are you?” Broken Man’s father yelled in a slurred, angry voice.
His mother cried harder. Her face turned red, and she whispered through a sob, “Please someone, help us.” Her eyes opened, and she saw Broken Man on the kitchen floor watching her. “I’m sorry baby; I’m so sorry.”
“Don’t make me come in there!” his father screamed.
Broken Man’s mother got down on her knees in front of him. “Now don’t move and don’t cry…” she said as she kissed him and ran her hand through his soft hair. “… it’s all right baby, it’s going to be all right,” she sobbed and held his head in her hands.
“I love you so much, baby. I’m so sorry.” His mother held him on the kitchen floor, wrapping arms around him and pulling him tight to her chest. The embrace felt like a blanket of pure love. Broken Man felt so safe.
Then the blanket was ripped away, and he was left sitting, all alone on the kitchen floor. Broken Man did just what he was told to do, he sat very still and did not make any noise. He did not understand why his mother stood there as his father roared at her. He did not understand why his father kept hitting her over and over again. And when she fell to the linoleum floor, Broken Man heard a loud noise, and his mother stopped moving. He stayed very still and did not cry as his mother told him.
Broken Man’s father stood over the dead woman for a long time. For a second, Broken Man saw his father cry before he shouted and howled, punching the cabinets and walls. His father knocked the pot of boiling water off the stove.
Broken Man remembers waking up in the hospital. At first, he could not see, but then he heard a soothing woman’s voice, “Hush now, it’s all right now, you’re okay.”
Nice lady, Broken Man had thought. The nice lady was running her hand gently down his arm. She told him everything was going to be okay, and he believed her.
Later, Broken Man asked about his parents, and the nice lady told him how the police had arrived just as his father spilled the boiling water on the stove. The neighbors had heard the commotion and called 911. The nice lady told Broken Man his mother was in heaven, and he would not be seeing his father again. She told him that he did not have to be afraid anymore. He did not understand where heaven was, but he liked the nice lady and trusted her.
Broken Man spent the rest of his younger years at The Humanitarian Center on the north side of Edge city. It was a specially funded program for disadvantaged and challenged children.
The nice lady’s name was Dr. Rose. She did everything in her power to help him advance to his fullest potential. Years passed, and always, Dr. Rose stayed a part of his life. Once he was old enough, she helped him to get an apartment and a job at the hospital as a janitor. She would check in on him regularly to make sure he was getting along all right.
BEEP, BEEP, BEEP, BEEP, BEEP…
The alarm tolls on Broken Man’s watch, waking him from his memories. He looks down at his wrist and pushes the little yellow button to silence the alarm. Picking up his lunch pail and without a care in the world, he walks through the park and gets on the ‘A-2’ bus that will take him to work. Broken Man thinks of Dr. Rose and smiles to himself, Dr. Rose is a nice lady. He is happy to have a friend like her in his life.
Getting on the bus, Broken Man sits near the window. Soon the bus is moving, and he stares out the window marveling at how fast everything passes by.
The ride takes about thirty minutes. It comes to a stop across from Our Lady of Mercy Hospital. As he steps off the bus, he breaks into a sweat from the heat radiating from the sidewalk. The high temperature, and not drinking enough water, make him nauseous as he walks to the hospital’s main entrance. He staggers as a wave of vertigo hits him. Afraid he might fall over, he grasps one of the handrails leading up to the hospital’s main doors.
Too hot, Broken Man thinks to himself, finally making it to the sliding glass doors.
Dr. Rose Willows is starting her shift as the head on-call doctor for the hospital’s emergency room.
“Hi, Dr. Rose!” Broken Man yells, standing halfway inside the sliding glass doors. The emergency room waiting area is full of sleeping families, policemen with their bad guys in tow, and ‘triaged’ patients. Triage usually means you are bleeding, but not as bad as the person next to you, and there are only so many doctors. The walls are painted a faded yellow originally meant to be reminiscent of springtime. However, as the years passed, the color faded to a late autumn yellow. The walls bespeak of too many terrible things seen and done, under the watchful eyes of the fading paint.
“Hello, Jason,” Rose calls back.
Jason? Jason?... Broken Man thinks to himself. Confusion crosses his face as he struggles to remember the importance of this name. Along with confusion comes a headache and more nausea as the fresh hospital air makes him shiver.
My name? Dr. Rose said that my name is Jason?
Reading his features, Rose rushes to his side. “Jason,” she says, looking at his pupils and touching the red scar tissue on his forehead, “are you feeling all right? You look very red. How long were you at the park?”
“I was in the park,” Jason says, closing his eyes. “A nice little girl at the park today gave me a new name.”
Rose looks puzzled. “Jason, what new name?” She is only able to ask him one question at a time, or else he may get distracted.
“Broken Man,” he announces with a grand smile.
“Your name is Jason Graves,” she corrects him, speaking the words slowly and returning the smile.
“I know. I remember.”
“Well, Jason, if you like being called ‘Broken Man,’ that’s fine. But may I still call you Jason?” she asks tentatively.
Jason smiles, “Yes, Dr. Rose.”
Seeing the redness of his skin and his body swaying, she asks, “Well, you may have been in the sun for too long. How does your head feel?”
Jason thinks about it for a few seconds. “Hurts,” he nods, then grimaces at the pain of moving his head up and down. Rose knows the signs of heat exhaustion. She takes special care to make sure he gets a rest in the staff lounge and some fluids. She checks on him a short time later. He is still suffering from a slight case of heat exhaustion, so she decides to drive him home. Jason worries about leaving his job before shift end and tells Rose he does not mind staying. She says he should go home and rest. He consents, and she drives him home.
Jason walks through the door to his apartment and sees a reminder that today is Tuesday. Tuesday means pizza pocket night, he thinks, smiling to himself. On the refrigerator is his chore wheel. He goes to pull the pizza pockets out of the freezer and frowns, seeing the reminder it is ‘dishes day’. He washes the few plates and bowls in the sink, then heats the food. Sitting down on a small threadbare couch, he turns on the television and puts on one of his few DVDs to enjoy some cartoons. After dinner, he showers and brushes his teeth. As he lays his head down to sleep, he takes off his wristwatch and sets it on the small stand next to the bed. He stares at the watch for a long time before falling asleep. He dreams about his mother and brother, and goes about the next day with a smile on his face as the dream fades into memory.

Jack and Lily
After getting out of the hospital, Speedwell finds Jack and thanks him for saving her life.
“I thought he was going to kill me. He had the gun pointed at my head, and then there was a ‘bang’ and I realized I was still alive.” Jack explains how she saved his life first, making them even.
“You kept your head and got us both out of that fire. That was brave as hell, and I won’t forget it.”
There is a small pause in the conversation before the young man comments about his meeting with Kraveetz, “Mr. Kraveetz told me about the Police Academy. I’m just not sure if I have what it takes to get in.”
Speedwell smiles. “Don’t worry about that. I know the director of the program. I’ll put a word in with her. Being a cop is frustrating most of the time, but it’s rewarding.”
The year after he graduates from high school, and with the help of Speedwell and Kraveetz, Jack completes the 77th Edge City Police Academy. Without his guardians' constant negative influence, he excels in all avenues of his life. He works at both gaining knowledge from his mentors and learning how to trust them. Over time, Kraveetz and Speedwell become his dearest friends. His relationship with Lily blooms. Jack becomes more passionate and open as he strives to work on the issues that still affect him from his abusive childhood.
Always fighting to maintain control, Jack will never allow himself to become a monster like those that raised and tormented him. In the dark of the night, alone with his thoughts and feelings, he struggles to maintain a sense of belonging. He has no family and no idea who his real parents were. However, as he stares into the abyssal corners of the mind, there is always his new and flourishing life anchoring him to a shore of hope and contentment.
Lily and Jack desire to live together almost immediately after high school, but her mother tells them to wait until they are married. She is so great to them, and it seems such a small thing to ask on her part, that neither argues the point. They both find separate apartments near the college on the north end of the city. Lily finds a passion for the notion of justice in an unfair world, and with a keen intellect, she pursues a law degree. Locating a law firm in the downtown business sector, she applies and gets a part-time job as a paid intern.
After the Police Academy graduation ceremony, Jack starts work at one of the south side precincts where rookies traditionally begin. Kraveetz is always keeping an eye on him, giving advice on the tough calls, and watching the young man’s back when he needs it. Speedwell and Jack often joke with Kraveetz about solving problems by hitting someone or shooting his gun. When they tease him, he usually threatens them both with death, then turns four different shades of red and storms off. If Kraveetz ever holds a grudge against them for breaking his balls, he never shows it.
Speedwell and Jack are at their favorite pub after work, enjoying a respite from the biting wind outside. The inside of the establishment is welcomingly warm. It is eight o’clock in the morning when Kraveetz walks in the door. Jack is on his second cup of coffee, and Speedwell is on her second beer. As Kraveetz goes to join them, several other officers in the crowded pub get out of his way, while several more glare angrily at him.
Speedwell and Jack arrived twenty minutes before and found their favorite table near the back of the bar. “Christ, it’s cold out there,” he complains, sitting down at the table.
“Why don’t you cry about it, Sarge?” Jack asks with a look of youthful smugness painted across his face. Kraveetz’s eyes bore into the younger man, and Jack grips the coffee mug a little harder.
A smile breaks across Kraveetz’s hard, weathered face. “You’re lucky you’re on my good side kid.”
Jack relaxes his grip on the mug as subtly as he can.
Speedwell takes a sip of beer before speaking up. “You don’t have a good side. All you’ve got is an ugly old man side, Sarge.”
Without missing a beat, he replies, “I’m the best looking man in your life Speedwell. You should be nicer to me.” Kraveetz’s smile broadens as he sits back in the chair and lights a cigarette.
Four other officers at a nearby table glare at the veteran officer as he lights the cigarette. The largest of the four gets up and comes over to the table, stopping directly behind Kraveetz. “Hey asshole, I heard you talk shit about me in the briefing.”
Not bothering to turn around, or to acknowledge the other man, Kraveetz comments sarcastically, “Jack? Do you hear something?”
“No, Sarge, I didn’t hear anything.” Jack struggles to keep a smile from his face.
“Hey, Speedwell. Thanks for the other night,” the large officer sniggers.
“Are you shitting me?” Kraveetz almost yells. He and Jack stare at Speedwell with looks of utter surprise.
“You went on a date with this piece of shit, after I told you he was a piece of shit?” His voice is tense, but underneath is the hint of sorrow. Speedwell and Kraveetz have been arguing a lot lately.
“Yup, I did, and you were right. He was a real piece of shit.” Speedwell eyes the man standing behind Kraveetz with a look of venomous rage only a very pissed-off woman can have. Sitting back in the chair, she relaxes her shoulders as a small smile appears on her face.
“He was nice to start, brought me flowers, and even paid for dinner. But when I asked him to stop putting his hand up my skirt in the taxi, he didn’t listen,” she recounts, smiling, while so much rage and hate pour from her eyes.
Jack feels his pulse rising. Kraveetz’s hands ball into white-knuckled fists. The look on the older man’s face is entirely unreadable.
“But when I kicked his ass out of a moving cab and watched him roll into the street like a fucking tumbleweed, I let it go. I thought he’d be smart enough to do the same, and fuck off!” she says triumphantly.
Speedwell does not want Jack or Kraveetz to run to her rescue. Recognizing this, both men offer nods of respect. The large officer, still being completely ignored, starts to turn away. However, before he goes, he does something incredibly stupid.
“There’s no smoking in here old man, so put it out,” he says, placing a hand on Kraveetz’s shoulder. He may have been old, but he still moves like liquid lightning.
The large officer is on the ground, with his nose bleeding as Kraveetz begins to sit back down, making a big show of it, acting decrepit and ancient. “Augh, Christ I’m old. Just sitting down is hard work!”
He wears a look of mock pain that makes Speedwell and Jack laugh aloud. The cop on the floor’s three friends get up from their table and come to his aid.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing, old man?!” the dumbest one says to the back of Kraveetz’s head. The other two pick up their bleeding friend and drag him back to their table. They are at least intelligent enough to know when not to start a losing fight.
Kraveetz does not bother to turn around in his chair, nor look behind him. He lights another cigarette, raising an eyebrow at Jack.
The young man smiles and gets to his feet. He has finally stopped growing at just over six feet tall. When not working or spending time with Lily, Jack’s hobbies include lifting weights and Judo classes. He approaches the dumb one, speaking calmly. “Look, he’s sorry,” he says with a jerk of his thumb towards Kraveetz, “and we don’t want any trouble.”
The other man reaches out and jabs an index finger into Jack’s sternum. However, just as the finger makes contact, Jack grabs the wrist and puts him into a pain compliance hold. The dumb man looks like he is in a lot of pain, “Now do like the lady says and fuck off,” Jack says, before pushing the other man backward with little effort.
Stumbling, the dumb one falls on his ass. He stays on the ground holding his wrist, realizing he is outmatched. Without saying a word, he gets up and goes back to his table with wounded pride.
Jack sits back down and listens quietly to Speedwell and Kraveetz argue about whose fault it was she went on a date with the loser with the broken nose. He enjoys watching Kraveetz worry over Speedwell. They have both been the first real friends, besides Lily, Jack ever had. He smiles to himself, thinking about the last four years and all that has happened.
“What are you smiling at, you bum? Why are you even here? Shouldn’t you be working overtime so you can save up for a ring?” Kraveetz says, turning his attention to Jack and spreading more sage advice.
“I mean, you have time to drink coffee and pick on little guys,” Kraveetz nods towards the four officers now leaving the pub, “…so when are you going to stop being a bum, pull your head out of your ass, and make an honest woman out of that angel you’ve been stringing along?”
Jack sits there quietly with a small smile on his face. Over the years, Lily has invited both Kraveetz and Speedwell over for dinner during the holidays. They usually manage to get the night off, or at least make an appearance, so they can all spend the holidays together.
“This one never listens,” Kraveetz says, nodding at Speedwell.
“And you’re too God damn young and lazy to listen.” He finishes, pointing an accusatory finger at Jack.
“I’ve been with Lily for eight years this Friday, and I don’t need to work any more overtime shifts, Sarge,” he says, producing a black ring box from a jacket pocket. Kraveetz stops talking, and Speedwell’s eyes light up. He opens the box, showing them the ring inside.
“I’m a little too old for you kid, but I appreciate the sentiment.” Kraveetz teases, quietly beaming with pride.
Jack tries to hand the ring to the older man, but Speedwell snatches it from him before he can say a word. “Jack, it’s beautiful.” She smiles at the ring and then at the young man, as tears trail down her cheeks.
“What the hell are you crying about? He asked me to marry him, and I told him no.” Kraveetz is trying to be witty, but she ignores him. When he reaches over to retrieve the ring box for inspection, she smacks the hand away. Snatching the hand back, the look on his face is a mix of surprise and embarrassment.
“When are you going to ask her?” Speedwell asks, eyes fixed on the ring.
“I’m going to ask her at our anniversary dinner this Friday night. I’m taking her to that Italian place, off Monarch Street.”
“That’s amazing, just please remember, we got that thing at Lofty Willows Tenement Project in the morning.”
“I didn’t forget. Figure we get in, arrest everyone, and the paperwork’s done by lunch.” Jack smiles, explaining the plan to Speedwell.
“You know you’re jinxing us right now? You know that, right?” she says, smiling back at him, “Worst case scenario, we get there, something goes wrong, and we’ll be stuck all day dealing with a huge cluster fuck.”
Speedwell nods at Kraveetz. “Course if things do get messy, we can always count on Sarge to finish up the paperwork,” she says while patting him on the arm patronizingly.
At the mention of doing paperwork, Kraveetz looks at her as if she must be crazy.
“You should write her a poem. Read it to her, and then give her the ring.” Speedwell blurts out.
Then Kraveetz says something unexpected. “I’m proud of you, Jack,” which causes Speedwell to start crying again. “I’m sure she’d like something, like a poem.” He looks awkward as he speaks the word ‘poem.’
“You’ve got to write something good and try not to sound like an asshole when you say it.” Finishing speaking abruptly, Kraveetz gets up and walks to the bar for a drink.
Jack looks down at his watch and sees it is past the time he wanted to leave for Lily’s office. He says goodbye to Speedwell and Kraveetz, making sure they understand, on the off chance they run into her, they cannot say anything about the ring.
Jack steps outside and leaves the warm pub air behind. The freezing November wind slaps him in the face, and he curses silently for not owning a car.

The Office
The icy air presses against Jack’s leather jacket and jeans as he parks the motorcycle a short distance from a large office building. The cold shoots up his spine as he walks through the large sliding glass entry doors. With practiced ease, he finds his way through the building towards Lily’s new office.
She graduated top of her class. Working as a paid intern and then legal aid gave her an edge in school, which the Firm’s partners noticed. They saw her potential and offered a signing bonus with a choice of offices if she would stay on with them. She picked a window office facing the north side on the thirtieth floor.
Stepping out of the elevator, Jack moves past a receptionist who always smiles at him. He walks past the cubicles and down a hallway lined with expensive artwork hanging or displayed on pillars. The last office along the corridor belongs to Lily. As he gets closer, he sees the door is open. Slowing, he listens, not wanting to interrupt if she is meeting with someone important. Not hearing any voices, he peeks around the corner of the doorframe.
Lily is standing next to her desk, scanning the bookshelf. She wears a pair of black high heels, a crème-colored blouse, and a tight black pencil skirt that breaks just below the knees. The skirt shows off her legs as she goes up on tiptoes in a futile attempt to reach one of the many books on the top shelf. Not making a sound, Jack props himself nonchalantly up in the doorframe and puts on his most charming smile, waiting patiently.
She struggles for a few seconds to reach a black leather-bound book in the middle of the top shelf. Eventually, she turns towards her desk chair in what Jack can only guess is an attempt to use the chair as a substitute for a ladder. He keeps smiling and starts to make for the bookshelf.
So as not to startle her, he says, “Here…”
Hearing his voice, she smiles, turning around, “How long have you…”
With passion in his eyes, Jack walks straight towards her. The look is good enough to give her pause. He moves like he is going to kiss her, but just before leaning in, he continues gently past to get the book from the top shelf, “…let me get it.”
Smiling and confident, he hands the book to her. She looks down at it and then up again at him. “That’s not the book I wanted,” she says teasingly. Laughing, she quickly tells him, “I wanted the one next to it.”
Jack looks up at a dozen different books on the top shelf, “So, is it the big red one, or the dark blue one?” A few seconds go by, and she does not answer. Turning around, he catches her checking him out.
Lily looks up from his derriere, smiling. “Either one; you had the right book the first time,” she says, finishing the statement with a giggle.
“Why would you mess with someone trying to help you?” he asks, seeing where this flirting goes.
Dropping the book he gave her on the nearby chair, she takes a step forward and moves in close to him. “I just wanted to check you out.”
Placing her hands around his waist, she stares up at him with a look that makes him go all stupid.
“See anything you liked?”
Sliding her hand down from his waist, into his back pants pockets, she whispers, “Yeah, I did,” pressing her body into his.
He holds her tightly, then presses his lips against hers.
After they kiss, she tells him about her day. Jack listens until she finishes and gives her the good news, “I got the next two days completely off.” He smiles as her eyes go wide, and she jumps into his arms.
“Do you still want to go up to the cabin with me this weekend?” Lily asks excitedly.
“No, I thought I would just hang out at my place, while you spent the weekend alone on a romantic getaway,” he frowns, voice dripping with sarcasm.
She smiles, then kisses him. “Smartass.”
“Yes, yes, I am a smartass. But that’s why you love me, right?” he asks, raising an eyebrow.
“No, I mostly just love you for your amazing butt,” she laughs.
“Nice. Yes, I want to go to the cabin with you. I talked one of the new hires at the precinct into covering my shift.” Lily knows there is more to the story Jack is leaving out. She eyes him for a few seconds. “And I may have promised to give him a couple of bucks if he worked for me,” he says sheepishly.
“You shouldn’t have to do that. Why couldn’t someone cover your shifts?”
“Lily, I love you. But you know we’re in a corrupt city. Most cops are dirty and won’t do a thing unless there is something in it for them.” The smile on her face fades, and she runs a hand through his hair.
“Must be lonely being the only good cop left?”
“I’m not the only one. There’s Kraveetz and Gale,” he says with pride.
“They are both great people.” She nods in agreement.
“Yeah, they are. But they’re not why I don’t worry about being lonely.”
She leans in, kissing him again and again.

The Cabin
After they say goodbye, Jack rides back to his apartment and takes a short rest. Waking later that day, he shoves some clothes into a backpack, leaves Edge City, and rides towards the coastal mountain range.
As he rides, the sun starts to set behind grey storm clouds. Tall grass lines the roadway, and the near-freezing air breaks against his leather jacket like crashing waves against a rock. Jack pushes the accelerator around a bend in the road and lets the motorcycle power into a straightaway. He pushes the bike faster and faster because all day, he dreamt about the weekend with Lily.
An old steel fence post with a red ribbon tied around it comes into view on the left side of the roadway. There is a sharp turn-off leading to the cabin, and Lily marked the corner earlier so he would not miss it.
Jack slows down, making the turn onto a narrow dirt road cutting like a knife through trees and underbrush. After a few minutes down the bumpy roadway he can see Lily’s car parked on the side of the cabin. The glow of the lights from the windows is warm and inviting.
Slowing down, he pulls the motorcycle up to the front of the cabin. Gravel crunches and yields under the weight of the front tire as he lays onto the brakes harder than intended. Steam has formed around the edges of the kitchen window. Through the glass, he sees the reason he almost ran into the side of the cabin. Lily’s hands are up in a cupboard shelf. When they come down, they hold two dinner plates. As she moves, he gets lost in watching her. The way her grace comes out into everything she does, even the little things. She looks over her shoulder at him through the window with a smile that says, “Hey, you.”
Turning, she walks towards the front door. Still smiling, she crosses the kitchen and comes into the entranceway. Jack knows that smile is for him and no one else. Putting the kickstand down, he swings a leg over the rear of the bike. Removing his helmet as his feet touch the ground, he walks towards the front door just as Lily opens it. She is wearing the yellow silk robe Jack gave her as a birthday present. He can see the sash at the waist is barely tied at all. The milky white perfection of her skin can be seen through the partially open robe. His eyes start at the line of her neck and travel downwards. Stopping for a few idle moments, all he can do is gaze at her. The cleavage of her breasts is bare, and every time she takes a breath, the robe promises to fall open. But then at the last second, she exhales, and the promise fades. She watches Jack admire her figure, his eyes continuing their journey downward.
She smiles seductively. “What are you staring at?”
All he can say is, “You.”
She starts to tremble slightly in the wintry evening air. Stepping forward, he takes off the leather jacket. As it slides off his shoulders, feeling the bite of the air, he wonders why she stood there in the cold while his eyes have their fill of her.
Standing above him in the doorway, he has to reach up to place it around her shoulders. She holds the jacket by either side of the zippered lining. Closing her eyes, she takes a deep breath and pulls the jacket tight.
“Hhmmm smells like you,”
“Is that a good thing?” Jack smiles, teasingly.
Opening her eyes, she gives him a tender look. They stare silently at one another for a while before he remembers how chilly it is.
“Hey, we should get inside, you’ve got to be freezing.”
“Okay.”
Biting her lower lip, the look in her eyes changes to a yearning coyness that says ‘touch me.’ Jack slides cold hands delicately under the robe, and around her sides until they meet again on her lower back. The robe parts slightly, exposing more of her naked body. Her face is like still water, with so much rushing underneath the surface. He can feel it pulling him closer. He leans in and kisses her soft, sweet lips. The leather jacket falls back on her shoulders, and the softness of her breasts pushes against his chest through the white t-shirt. His free hand moves up between her shoulders, touching as much of her as he can.
Lily’s lips are warm and supple, and he drinks her in like a man dying in the desert who stumbles upon an oasis. After what seems like a blissful eternity, they pull away from each other, and a small moan escapes her. As they part, she bites his lower lip gently, slowly letting him pull free.
She inhales sharply as his lips and teeth rake gently against the delicate flesh of her neck. Every part of his body reacts to the slight moans that continue to escape her throat, but he takes his time. Jack can feel her muscles tense and relax, her body starting to push firmly against him. Bringing his hands around the back of her legs, he picks her up into his arms. Wrapping them both around him tightly, she grabs two handfuls of his hair.
Jack moves them to the back of the cabin and into the bedroom. The crisp sheets are in stark contrast to the heat of Lily’s skin. She pulls his shirt off as he lowers her to the bed. Jack can feel her nails digging into the meat of his shoulders as he caresses her body.
It is nearly dark outside, the dim twilight cast by the moon casting a pale light. When their eyes meet, he knows she is seeing him. Her gaze says everything words would fail to convey.
They could spend the whole night touching and wanting, but it is more than the physical, it is knowing the unknown. Being caught up in something that can consume someone utterly, Jack lets go of everything else in the world and gives in to that moment of clarity in a storm of ecstasy. Languishing in the moment of bliss, he thinks he finally understands the world.
As they lie wrapped up in each other’s arms, she whispers in a sleepy and sweet voice, “Where are you right now?”
“Why did you come up to me, and hug me the night we met?”
She smiles at the question, “You looked like you could use a hug.”
Lily runs her hands through his hair. Shifting, she snuggles closer, laying her head against his chest. He takes a deep breath and feels the soft curves of her body pressed against him. She lets out a satisfied moan, “Mmmm. That, and I thought you were really cute.” Turning her head upwards, she smiles warmly.
Jack looks deep into her eyes, “I want to tell you something.”
“What is it?”
“You make me glad to be alive. And when I’m around you, everything else falls away, and I’m just happy. I love you; I’ve loved you since the first moment we met.”
She props herself up onto an elbow. “Jack, you are the kindest, and strongest man I’ve ever met. You appreciate me, and I knew when I met you there was something special about you.” The words come fast as she starts to cry.
“What’s wrong?” he asks.
She sniffles and laughs, smiling while she dries her eyes. “Nothing’s wrong. It’s just, I love you, Jack.”
“I know, I love you too.” He says, pulling her close and kissing her deeply.
They fall asleep, kissing and smiling at one another in the twilight.
Jack dreams of the night Lily and he first made love. Shortly, the dream turns into a nightmare. He wakes up screaming, pouring sweat, and fighting unseen horrors. Lily is already awake and running a reassuring hand across his back and shoulders.
“It’s all right, Jack, you’re all right, you’re safe,” she says soothingly.
His body shakes as he sits upright on the bed. The sheets are damp with sweat, and the cold air is biting. Lily holds him while he calms down.
It is not the first time Jack has woken up like this. In her heart, she knows it will not be the last night he wakes up screaming. Even after waking, he is still fighting the monsters in his head. So, she holds him until he can come back to her again.
“I’m okay, I’m sorry I woke you,” he says sincerely.
“You don’t need to be sorry.”
He stares at her for a moment, feeling completely safe. “Thank you.” They kiss and hold each other. As Jack lies back down, Lily moves so she can face him and gently massages his head until he falls back to sleep. She stays up for a while and prays to God to protect him from whatever demons plague him. After she says the prayer, she falls asleep next to him. They both rest soundly until morning.

The Past Returned
It is six in the morning and still dark. As the glass door to the coffee shop opens, the smell of the ocean replaces the warm bakery aroma, and Donnie starts walking down the sidewalk. A cool mist fills the air as he heads home. He looks back over his shoulder, smiling at the small shop as the glow of its windows fades into the fog. It is Daisy’s birthday, and she loves the coffee and bear claws from that particular spot the most.
The ocean haze rolls through the streets. He keeps up a brisk pace heading towards their small flat, just a few blocks from the beach. Almost four years ago, they made it into town with only fumes in the gas tank. Donnie was sewn up in an all-night urgent care. It was a rundown little place, and he remembers how the older doctor carried himself. Shoulders slumped forward, eyes dull and nearly lifeless. It had only cost Donnie a hundred dollars to convince the man not to call the police. He took the money without question. After getting patched up, he met Daisy at the same coffee shop he just left.
As he moves up a small hill, the final stretch, he remembers how scared he was walking to the coffee shop to meet her all those years ago. He recalls the joy of seeing Daisy sitting in a booth near the large bay windows looking out on the street. When she had glanced in his direction, for a moment, he was lost. Looking through the window at her, he felt for the first time in his life, he was in love. In love with a woman he just met, and the thought scared him to death.
Almost four years ago, Donnie and Daisy came to the ocean. Their first morning there, they shared coffee and doughnuts in silence. Afterward, they went for a short walk and watched the sunrise on the beach.
“Let’s stay.” She said to him as they sat on the cold sand and watched the changing colors of the sky as the sun burned away the morning mist.
Donnie recalls how they found work at a small mom and pop diner—he as a waiter, and she as the head cook. The diner owners were happy to have reliable help. They let them work for cash under the table, and never asked why they did not want to fill out any employment paperwork.
Wondering at how lucky they had been, Donnie keeps two cups of coffee in perfect balance as he moves up to the third-floor landing of the apartment building. He walks a short distance down the open hallway that looks out into a modest, well-kept courtyard. Keys in hand, he unlocks the door with practiced ease. He knows Daisy will wake up when the keys hit the lock. She is a light sleeper, and in four years, he has been welcomed home with a greeting from her every time. She told him whenever she hears the front door opening, she tenses up and calls out his name, hoping he answers. He keeps her safe, and she never forgets to tell him how much it means to her.
As the key turns in the lock, he gives the door a small push. Every time he comes home, the smell of Daisy’s perfume and the sound of her sweet voice greet him. But this morning is different. As the door swings inward, time slows for Donnie as he notices several things are out of place. Instead of the sweet smell of her perfume, the apartment smells stale and dirty. Besides the smell, there is no sound inside the studio.
Setting the coffee down quietly, he calls out, “Hey, honey, I’m home.”
Keeping his eyes on the closed bedroom door, a cold knot forms in his stomach as he reaches up to the wall clock next to the front door. Pulling the clock a few inches away from the wall, he accesses a secret compartment he made in the back of it. His hand comes out holding a large folding knife. Opening the blade with a silent flick of the wrist, he charges towards the bedroom.
Donnie kicks in the door, quickly scanning the room. Daisy is on the bed, back against the headboard with her hands and ankles taped together. A small cut on her forehead trickles blood onto the piece of duct tape covering her mouth. Her eyes are terrified as she shakes her head quickly from side to side.
“Stop!” yells a man sitting on the bed next to her. The man is wearing a black business suit. There is a sizeable grisly scar on the right side of his face. The man’s eyes are entirely black, and his mouth holds a predatory smile.
Donnie is about to kill the Man in Black when he sees the barrel of a semi-automatic handgun resting almost casually on Daisy’s temple.
“The police are on the way, Donnie.” The Man in Black’s voice sounds like an animal growl overlaid on a man’s voice. “They should be in here in four minutes, so we have some time. Sit,” he demands, nodding at a chair in the opposite corner of the room. Donnie does as he is told and sits down.
“You can keep the knife if it makes you feel better.”
“Whatever you want, you’ve got it. Just let her go, and I’ll do whatever you ask.” He has met the Man in Black before and knows he will kill Daisy without a moment of hesitation or remorse.
“Oh, Donnie, I know you’re going to help me. But if you speak again, she dies, understand?” The man smiles wider, his finger tapping the trigger of the gun to emphasize the point. Donnie nods his assent, struggling not to let his rage take over and do something stupid.
“That’s why I’m here. You are a special individual who is capable of great things.” The Man in Black removes the gun’s barrel from Daisy’s temple, pointing it at the bedroom floor.
“I need you to go back to Edge City. Go to your brother’s apartment and take him to this location.” Reaching into the suit jacket pocket, he produces a folded envelope. With a flick of the wrist, the envelope lands on the floor by Donnie’s feet.
“Once you get there, I need you to follow the instructions exactly.” The Man in Black points the gun at Donnie, motioning for him to stand. He gets to his feet slowly, picking the envelope up from the ground as he does so. Placing it in his front pants pocket, he stands there waiting.
“If you do not follow the instructions exactly”. . . The Man in Black points the gun at Daisy and squeezes the trigger. The sound of the gunshot is deafening. Donnie watches in horror as the round impacts the bed’s headboard, only a few inches from her head. Small pieces of wood strike her face, and she lets out a muffled cry.
When Daisy opens her eyes, Donnie stands over the Man in Black, hands wrapped around his throat. He has covered the distance in the amount of time it took the round to leave the gun and impact the headboard. The look of fury in Donnie’s eyes makes her shudder. The sound of police sirens slowly starts to fill the air. By the growing intensity of the siren, Donnie knows the police will arrive within two minutes.
The Man in Black smiles, “Not much time, Donnie. You can let me go and do what I ask, or she dies.”
Face softening as he considers the options, he looks at Daisy and whispers, “I’ll be back. Don’t worry, this will all be over soon.” Turning his attention back to the Man in Black, he releases the hold on the other man’s throat and steps back. “Let her go now, and I’ll do it.”
“There is no negotiation here. You have nothing to bargain with.”
Mind racing, he knows the Man in Black is right, “Do I have your word she won’t be harmed?”
“Of course. You have my word no harm will come to her until you return.”
“If anything happens to her. . .” He lets the sentence hang in the air for a second. The Man in Black laughs out loud, a terrible dark sound. “Time to go Donnie. The police are outside looking at apartment numbers trying to find you.”
“What about Daisy?”
“She’ll go with them for safekeeping,” At this, she lets out a muffled cry. “What’s the matter, dear? You didn’t think the police stopped looking for the both of you?”
“Daisy,” Donnie says. Turning her head, she looks to him, “It’s going to be okay.”
“Police! Open the door now!” the authorities shout through the front door.
Donnie goes to leave, stopping at the bedroom door before looking back. “I love you.”
Terrified, Daisy worries she will never see him again. She starts to cry, and with the tape still covering her mouth mumbles, “I love you, Donnie.”
The Man in Black starts laughing maniacally. As Donnie leaves the bedroom, the front door to the apartment splinters inward. Several police officers enter rapidly with guns drawn. There is shouting and shooting, and he gets away.
The Man in Black does not blink when the police officers order him to identify himself and submit to handcuffs. Instead, the villain calmly takes out his cellular telephone and makes a call. Given his twisted nature and otherworldly ability to plan for nearly every eventuality, he has extensive ties to the criminal underworld. Less than a minute later, the Chief of Police for the small ocean town intervenes. Without any explanation, the officers are ordered to release Daisy into the Man in Black’s custody. Their courage fails, and despite her pleas, they do not argue.
Not knowing what happened to the woman he loves, Donnie has fifteen hours to get back to Edge City, find his brother, and make it to the location the Man in Black has provided.

The Red Dress
Jack wakes next to Lily. Moving slowly, he slides out of bed. Taking a moment to look through her closet, and with the right dress size in mind, he creeps silently out of the apartment and heads into the downtown district. The morning air is freezing, which makes finding parking easy. Most people will not be out shopping this early on a Friday morning. Jack heads to a women’s clothing boutique just as it opens. He and Lily had been out the night before for coffee and had passed the storefront. She had stopped and commented on how pretty the dress in the window was. The store was closed for the night, and he made a mental note to come back.
Walking inside, a young woman greets him and asks if he needs any help. He says he wants to buy the dress in the window. Walking over to one of the many racks of clothing in the store, she asks “This one?” holding up the red dress.
Jack scrutinizes it for a moment. “Is this the same one that is in the window?”
“Yeah, they’re all the same pattern, just different sizes,” she says, smiling, then waits for him to tell her what size.
“Do you think this dress is pretty?” he asks tentatively. His confidence is suddenly waning as the realization hits him: he has never bought anything like this for Lily.
“Do you know what her dress size is?” the young woman asks, a smile pulling at the corner of her lips. Given the early hour and Jack’s demeanor, she guesses the dress is a surprise.
“I’m pretty sure she’s a size four.”
“Well, if you want to know my opinion?”
“That would be helpful.” He smiles bashfully, a wave of embarrassment washing over him.
“How do most of her dresses fit?”
“How do they fit? I think she looks great in the stuff she wears,” Jack answers unabashedly.
“Because this dress is sized big, and the material is stretchy. If you think she would like it, I would get it a size smaller,” she says, holding up the dress by the straps. Jack lets his imagination run with the thought of Lily being in that same dress just a little more tightly fitted to her body.
“So, a size three is good?” he asks sincerely, hoping the young woman knows what the hell she is talking about.
“Women’s dress sizes are funny; the next size down is a two. And yes, two is good.”
“All right, let’s get that dress, in a size two.”
He pays, thanking the woman for her help. Back at Lily’s apartment, he quietly makes his way inside.
She has curled up into a ball of comforter and pillows in the middle of the bed. Jack sits down on the edge of the mattress gently, placing the dress box on the floor within arm’s reach. He does not want to wake her up yet. It is only on the rare occasion he is awake before her.
Whenever he gets the chance to watch Lily sleep, it reminds him of the sea as she breathes gently in and out. As her chest rises and falls, a beautiful thought comes to him. Inspired, he takes a piece of paper and pen off the bureau next to the bed and scribbles some notes. After a few minutes of writing, she stirs gently. He quickly puts down the pen, shoving the paper into his jacket pocket, making a mental note to finish it later.
Lily rolls over onto her side, coming to rest facing him. Her eyes never open, but her lips smile as she places a hand on his arm.
“Hey,” she whispers.
“Hey you,” he says back. Leaning over, he places a good morning kiss on her forehead. Pulling away, he sees her smile broaden. Moaning, she reaches both arms above her head, hands balling into fists as her whole body arches. As she finishes stretching, her arms fall gently down, wrapping around Jack and pulling him down into a kiss.
“Want to get in the shower with me?” he asks sweetly.
“Sounds fantastic.”
Leaning over the side of the bed, he picks up the box and moves to a sitting position on the bed just behind Lily.
“I got you something.”
“What’s this?”
“It’s for you, open it.”
She smiles with a look of surprise and curiosity on her face. “What is it?”
“Open it and see,” he says teasingly, not willing to surrender any information about the package. Taking the box from him, she pulls the lid off. Moving the tissue paper away from the dress, after a moment she realizes it is the one from the store window the night before.
“Oh my God, when did you get this?” Lily exclaims.
“While you were snoring,” Jack teases.
“I don’t snore!” Feigning indignation, she whacks him gently in the arm with the lid to the box.
“I see how it is, bring you a present, and get whacked with a box. Yeah, that makes me want to shower you with gifts,” he says, voice dripping with sarcasm.
Ignoring his fake hurt ego, she turns her attention back to the dress. The crimson material spills over the bed like it is alive. Lily holds it up by the shoulder straps to gaze at it. After a few moments, she lays it against her body and smiles, “You didn’t have…”
Jack leans in quickly, cutting her off by stealing a kiss. “I know,” he whispers, pulling away, “I was hoping you might want to wear it to dinner tonight.”
“It’s beautiful. I’d love to wear it.”
Leaning over, he kisses her lips as his cell phone vibrates. Pulling it out, he looks at the message reminder on the screen, Speedwell and SWAT 10:00 a.m.
The look in Jack’s eyes has gone from soft to hard. “Hey. . .”
“What?” Lily asks, voice filling with concerned anticipation.
“I have to go to the office for a few and help Speedwell with a thing.” He leaves out that the ‘thing’ is a drug raid, and S.W.A.T. is going with them.
A look of concern crosses her face, and she lets the dress fall to the sheets. “I don’t want you to go. Stay here with me, call in sick,” she says with a hint of pleading in her voice.
“I want to stay too, but I’ve got to...”
“No, Jack,” she interrupts, cutting him off, mid-sentence. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.” She moves closer and runs a hand through his hair. He closes his eyes as her fingers gently massage his scalp.
Reaching up, he takes her hand, and with eyes closed says, “I love you more than everything, and I don’t know what I would do without you in my life.” Opening his eyes, the look in them makes Lily’s heart soar, “Every time I go to work, and I get some asshole off the street, I know I’ve made this city a little safer for you.”
“Jack, you don’t have…” she begins.
“I know I don’t have to. But I want to.” The look in his eyes changes from one of confidence, to worry. “I’m proud of my job, but I worry every day something will happen to you when I’m not around, and that…”
Lily’s turn to interrupt, she reaches out, wrapping her arms around him. “I love you, and I’m so proud of you.” Holding him firmly, she feels his well-muscled torso. Running her hands over his shoulders and up to his neck, she pulls him close, kissing him soundly. Pulling away for a moment, she asks “So what time do you have to be there?” with a coy smile.
“They can wait.” He smiles as they both lay back down on the sheets.
Tactical Entry
Detective Speedwell’s jet-black hair is pulled back in a tight ponytail, sticking out from under a tactical helmet. The S.W.A.T. team is preparing to make entry into apartment number 517 of the ‘Lofty Willows Tenement Project.’ The name sounds nice, but in reality it is a dank urban nightmare, home to terrible things - the kind of monsters parents tell their children stories about, that still hold a special place in people’s collective hearts. It is a place where humanity's darkest fears take hold and thrive.
The building itself is like all the grand gestures the affluent class has erected in Edge City. Rich people, with many a guilty party in the poor man’s plight, giving a damn about low-income housing one election year and then cutting the funding the next. The people who were left behind had joined to form neighborhood watch programs during the first year. However, when the funding dried up and the public lost interest, others lost interest too.
The police were suddenly too few and stopped coming to the part of Southside where the tenement building stood. With no police presence, the gangs came back in full force. Gang leaders took particular care to make an example of the remaining tenants who had participated in the neighborhood watch programs. What families that could get out, did get out. Those that stayed lived in fear and under constant threat of death, or worse.
Officer Breavestone is at the head of the seven-person entry team. Standing directly behind him, Speedwell waits patiently. She has heard he is one of the best S.W.A.T. has to offer. He signals with a closed fist that the door breach charge is armed and ready.
Jack has taken the second to last position in the chain. He has moved up in the department and pushed for specialized training to become the team’s medic. Speedwell reaches back and pats the thigh of the man behind her. That man pats the person behind him on the leg when he is ready. This process continues until the signal reaches the last team member, and they send the signal back to the front of the chain. Breavestone feels Speedwell touch him on the shoulder; all team members are ready for entry.
Breavestone exhales and braces as the charge goes off. A concussive blast of heat, and the sound of shrieking metal and splintering wood, assault the quietness of the hallway. An informant told Speedwell the entrance to the apartment would be steel-plated from the inside. The informant gave lots of information about the contents of the room after she had scared the man so severely, he soiled his pants. The smell had been worth it when he started blubbering about room number 517. Calling in a favor, she got the S.W.A.T. team’s cooperation on breaching and securing the apartment.
Using an entry ram, Breavestone knocks in the remains of the door and goes through it as quickly as possible. Speedwell follows suit right behind. In the first three seconds, Breavestone and a suspect with a shotgun trade thunderous blasts of their weapons. Both men die instantly. Speedwell hooks right into the room. The man behind her goes left. Once inside, Speedwell can see two more persons in the apartment; one on the couch in the living room, another in the small kitchen area off to the right. The man on the sofa goes for a gun on the coffee table. The woman in the kitchen reaches behind herself for something at the small of her back.
Speedwell tries to dive out of the way and aim at the same time. She has time to train her gun on the suspect on the couch and put two rounds in him. The force of the shots throws his body back into the sofa, before crumpling to the floor. The woman in the kitchen brings an object around from behind, throwing it at Speedwell. With a dull thud, something keenly sharp impacts her left shoulder. For a second, there is no pain, then it feels like fire in the flesh where the knife sits buried. Speedwell drops to her knees, knocking over a small shelf to provide cover as the rest of the tactical team enters behind her. She looks up to see the woman in the kitchen has another knife in her hand. Readying her arm to throw, suddenly a hail of bullets from two MP-5 submachine guns stops her motion, and she drops dead to the floor.
The last team member in the apartment covers the front door and hallway. Jack is at Speedwell’s side in an instant, putting pressure on the shoulder wound. He has already checked on Breavestone and knows nothing more can be done for the man. The rest of the tactical team secure the two dead suspects in handcuffs before heading down the narrow hallway to secure the rest of the apartment.
Speedwell has never been stabbed; it feels molten hot and ice cold at the same time, and all she wants to do is pull the knife out. She reaches up weakly, but the hand is slapped away. “Leave it in. Taking it out now could cut an artery, and you’d bleed out,” Jack orders as he clamps down tighter on the wound to slow the bleeding. The warmth of the blood soaking into her undershirt, and trickling down her side, makes her nauseous.
The other three team members move quietly and quickly to clear each room in the apartment of threats. Shots ring out from down the hallway. The sound of yelling startles Speedwell out of the descending fog of shock. Pain lances through her shoulder from the sudden movement. Jack, Speedwell, and another member of the team named Johnson all hear the gunfire down the hallway. Pulses quicken as a new wave of adrenaline crashes over them. The sound of fighting assaults their senses, as the noise changes from a battle being won, to a fight being quickly lost. People scream, and bodies slam, shaking the walls of the apartment. Jack and Johnson do what they were trained to do.
Jack grabs Speedwell by the back of her flak jacket. “Cover the hallway. We’re pulling out and radioing for backup!” He has to yell over the sound of bullets flying and bodies breaking. Speedwell nods her acknowledgment weakly.
He starts dragging her towards the apartment’s entrance, while she keeps her gun trained on the hallway. Johnson holds the outer corridor, keeping it safe while Jack makes it through the open doorway and out of the apartment. Suddenly, the sound of fighting ceases with a horrible final shriek of anguish.
Still being dragged, Speedwell feels the cold of shock creeping quickly over her. Another wave of nausea hits as she notices the red trail of blood her wounded shoulder is leaving on the sickly green linoleum floor of the tenement’s passageway. The few remaining fluorescent lights illuminating the dank-enclosed space flicker and buzz in stale amusement at the scene unfolding beneath them.
She keeps her eyes locked and a gun aimed at the door to apartment 517. A tremendous crashing sound, accompanied by a deep animal roar, is all the warning she has as a suspect comes barreling out of the apartment into the corridor. What had once been a man is gone, and all that remains is something terrible, the sight of which will stay with Speedwell for the rest of her life. The thing in the hallway does not stop to look around as it charges directly for her and Jack. Moving quicker than she can register, the thing covers the distance in scant seconds.
Johnson is further away and sees the suspect charging towards his fellow officers. It resembles a man over six-foot-tall and two hundred and fifty pounds, naked from the waist up and covered in blood; dark fluid wells from a multitude of holes from the chest that would have killed an average person.
Johnson sights down the barrel of his rifle and squeezes off a round. He freezes as the bullet hits, and the thing staggers for a second. The suspect looks down at the new wound in its torso, then looks back up and smiles. It stares at Johnson, showing too many teeth for a human smile, and then charges for him. Its eyes are pitch black, utterly devoid of any semblance of humanity. Terror rises instantly in Johnson, his mind trying desperately to understand what he is seeing.
Speedwell only has half a second to take a shot. She feels nothing; no fear, no hesitation, and as the world slows down, all she has is time. Exhaling, she squeezes the trigger. Firing twice in quick succession, the suspect is thrown backward. The left eye is gone, the back of its head a gory mess of an exit wound. The other round finds the thing’s heart, finally putting the fiend down for good.
“What the fuck was that?” Jack questions, turning around to aim his gun down the hallway. The whole ordeal has taken only moments. He reaches for the radio microphone on his right shoulder and calls for aid. Speedwell says nothing in reply, her mind trying to cope with the shock of the injury. Nausea in her stomach is overwhelming, and she looks down at the floor to take a few deep breaths.
Johnson, frozen in place at the end of the hallway, holds his rifle in the direction of the fallen suspect, face a mask of abject terror.
“Johnson!” Speedwell mumbles loudly, trying to break whatever spell holds him in place. Some of the fluorescent lights hanging over the other officer sputter back to life. She can see that his nose and ears are weeping blood.
“Jack, I’m okay, check on Johnson.”
“Keep pressure here,” he says, pushing her hand down onto the gauze packing covering the wound. Wincing at the pain, she watches Jack tend to the other man. Everything takes a back seat to reality as Speedwell feels the shock finally overcome her. Darkness fills her vision as she slips into unconsciousness.
The backup arrives fifteen minutes later. Speedwell keeps drifting in and out of consciousness from blood loss and trauma; Johnson is not in much better shape. When the medics finally arrive, they transport all of them to Our Lady of Mercy Hospital.
Speedwell’s wound is cleaned and stitched closed. Miraculously the knife missed anything vital. Twenty-eight stitches, an hour of surgery, and she is fast on the road to a full recovery. Johnson has not been so lucky. An hour after the shooting, when he started screaming and fighting the nurses and doctors, he is sedated and moved to a locked psychiatric unit.
As the hours tick away, Jack gives statements to other detectives and is medically cleared by hospital staff. After Speedwell threatens him not to be late for the proposal dinner with Lily, she tells him good luck and ‘thank you’ for saving her life again. With that, he leaves the hospital, going quickly home to get ready for the anniversary date.
Daisy and the Man in Black
Pinewood furniture and hardwood flooring adorn the interior of the greasy spoon. A painting of the beach at sunset sits on the wall behind the bar. Framed black and white pictures hang here and there. Beside them, newspaper clippings tell the story of the beach community.
A series of large bay windows at the front of the restaurant looks out into the street. Only half the lights are on. The calming stillness of twilight hangs in the air, the last customer gone twenty minutes ago.
From behind the serving bar counter, Daisy counts the money from the business’s only register. After finishing, she goes into the kitchen to prep for the morning crew. Looking out into the seating area, her breath catches at the sight of the scar tissue on Donnie's sweat-soaked shoulders pushing against the fabric of his shirt. Putting a shoulder into the mop handle, he winces, eyes narrowing in pain as he inhales sharply. Nevertheless, he does not stop. He never complains about the job, nor worries about money. Donnie lives to work hard and keep her safe. Finished for the night, he puts the mop away and wipes the sweat from his brow with a rolled-up shirtsleeve.
He pauses for a moment, taking a breath, and sees Daisy staring at him. They both feel a small jolt that starts in the heart and travels like electric fire outwards. Her skin suddenly feels warmer. A weight Donnie has been carrying relaxes, and the tension drains from him.
A small part of Daisy still remembers what it was like with Jean. She remembers all the times he hit her, and all the times she told him “No” only for him not to listen. Donnie stands perfectly still, with eyes holding nothing but joy and love as he looks at her.
A smile pulls at the corner of his lips. “Hey, babe,” he says, tone playful. The sound of it causes a slight tingling to travel through her. She turns away, blushing, then quickly recovers.
Shifting back to him with a coy smile and wanting eyes, she asks, “You want me to rub your shoulders?” Donnie nods and smiles. Stepping towards one another, they never break eye contact. “Your shirt will get in the way,” she comments seductively. He reaches up slowly and begins to unbutton the dress shirt.
Daisy puts her arms around his waist. Fingers move to his back, untying the apron. Donnie undoes another button as she gradually brings both hands to his chest, feeling the firmness there. She finishes removing the apron and lets it fall to the ground. Embracing, they share a tender kiss.
The front door to the restaurant bursts inwards, the lock broken, and shattered glass rains down on the floor. Daisy jumps back, startled.
With eyes still closed from the kiss, Donnie smells the air tasting the sweetness of her perfume and the unmistakable scent of violence to come. Stance shifting slightly, he does not turn around.
“Just give me all the money in the drawer, and no one gets hurt!” Not wanting to feel sick anymore, the skittish robber needs cash to feed his screaming nerve endings.
Donnie looks at Daisy, and her blood goes cold. All the warmth and tenderness that filled those eyes a moment ago are now gone. In their place are black orbs, full of nothingness that reach down into her soul.
“This is so ironic it hurts.” Donnie’s voice is a ghostly whisper echoing the death in his eyes.
“The money! Hurry up!” the robber yells.
Daisy cannot bear to look at Donnie anymore. With forced calmness, she steps around him, keeping a hand on his shoulder. The robber aims the gun at her, and she stops moving; no one says a word. “Please,” her voice pleads, “Please, just let me get you the money from the drawer, and then go.”
The robber’s wide eyes process for a moment, and then he nods, “Okay, you get the money. And you…” he says, waving the gun.
Donnie turns around slowly.
Seeing the inky black wells of Donnie’s eyes, the robber freezes in pure, abject terror.
Daisy places herself between the gun and her lover, “Please go now, and we won’t call the police. No one has to get hurt,” she begs.
The robber’s aim trembles. “What the fuck are you?” His addled mind stalls and misfires, unable to understand what he is seeing.
Daisy starts to cry. Feeling woozy, her legs give out, and she sinks to the floor. “Please just go.” She sobs. Knowing what might happen if the robber stays scares her in a way she has not felt in years. Emotions like a tidal wave threaten to crash down and drown her, as memories of abuse and fear cripple her.
Both men stare at one another, listening to Daisy sobbing on the ground. On some level, both feel shame. Ashamed of what they are in their darkest moments. Donnie looks down and sees the love of his life trembling, crying, and sobbing in terror. Given a reprieve, the robber understands the woman on the floor has just saved his life. Turning quickly, he flees the restaurant.
Donnie kneels but does not reach out to touch her.
Through racking sobs, she repeatedly whimpers, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
The sound of her trembling voice pulls at his heart. Hot tears pour from his killer’s eyes. After a few minutes, very slowly, she reaches out. Grabbing him, she pulls herself close, burying her head in his chest. Delicate fingers grasp his firm body like a lifeline. She refocuses on the love and trust she feels for this man. Knowing he could never hurt her, she slowly relaxes into him.
Holding her for a long time, he finally whispers, “Thank you.”
Daisy looks up with swollen, bloodshot eyes and ruddy cheeks, “What?”
He smiles at her warmly. “Thank you for being with a monster like me.” Fresh tears fill her eyes, and she shakes her head, reaching out to caress his face.
“You’re not a monster,”
He kisses her. “Let’s go home,” he offers. She nods and lets Donnie help her off the floor.
A sudden jarring bump in the road jostles Daisy awake. The smell of engine exhaust and the spare tire pushing into her back are nearly unbearable. Her screams compete against the sounds of the road zooming beneath the floor of the trunk. She starts kicking hard with her feet. After a few seconds, the car pulls casually over. The sound of the motor turning off and the driver’s door opening fills the space. The door slams and her cheek feels the vibration through the scratchy carpet lining the trunk.
The late afternoon sun shines brightly through the plastic brake lights, casting a dull, red glow into the trunk space, adding more heat to the already choking air. There is the sound of a key scraping against the lock. The key finds its place and turns with a metal click. Blinding light fills Daisy’s eyes as the trunk lid rises. The air outside provides cool sweet relief as it brushes against the beads of sweat trailing down her forehead and neck.
Squinting, she sees a dark figure holding the trunk lid open. Eyes continuing to adjust, she makes out the blurry lines of a dark business suit.
The inky pitch-black water of the Man in Black’s eyes stare impassively down at her.
Daisy starts to breathe more heavily, her strength and courage returning. Screaming at the Man in Black, she lashes out with a kick. Her leg would have connected, but he is faster. An arm snaps out and plants a hard-right fist to her temple, knocking her unconscious. The Man in Black closes the trunk and continues driving.
Daisy dreams about the hours Donnie spent training her in hand-to-hand combat. All the times they went to the firing range, and of all the best moments of their lives together. She slumbers, locked in the trunk of a police cruiser as it speeds towards Edge City.

Brothers
Dr. Rose is starting her shift as the head on-call doctor for the hospital’s emergency room.
Jason is getting off his janitorial shift, “Bye, Doctor Rose!” he yells, turning back to wave goodbye, and goodnight to her. He is half in and half out of the sliding glass doors at the main entrance when she waves him off.
Jason’s bus rounds the corner to his stop as the evening light is fading to darkness. Stepping off the bus, he starts the short walk home. His lunch pail swings gently at his side as the streetlights flicker to life. The summer season has ended, and he feels the chill as the sun goes down. A slight breeze rustles the newly fallen yellow and brown leaves littering the ground.
The small gust becomes a blustering gale as his thoughts turn to a specific house coming up on the street. A fire ravaged the inside of the house years before. The burnt remains stood for years, an abandoned eyesore in the neighborhood. The house’s yellow paint is faded and charred. The windows sit like ugly dark eyes. A burnt-out porch resembles the black maw of some terrible monster. When the wind picks up, whistling through the odd-shaped boards and angles of the ruined porch, it makes a low keening noise.
Jason moves quickly past, always anxious when he walks in front of this house. A sudden gust of air startles him. He closes his eyes and turns to avoid the blowing leaves. The wind causes the keening noise coming from the porch to crescendo into a ghostly wail. The eerie sounds, and the tenacious leaves batter Jason’s senses as he presses on to get past. He tries not to look at it but turns his head without thinking. The burnt paint, the dark windows, and the noise from the porch combine in a terrible thought within his imagination.
Monster! he silently screams, before bolting to a run. After two blocks, he finally slows down. Coming to the small walkway leading to his apartment door, Jason is still breathing hard. The porch light to the apartment illuminates the sidewalk with a dull yellow radiance that throws menacing shadows.
Jason hurries to get his keys out and up to the lock. Fumbling for a moment as the wind picks up again, his key finally turns in the lock, and he rushes inside, slamming the door shut. In the darkness of the apartment, a cold, crushing fear grips him. Too scared to do anything else, he stops for a moment and listens. All he can hear is the sound of something scratching and pushing on the door. Stepping back into the darkness, he trips over something on the floor and falls hard. The fall knocks the wind out of him. For a terrifying moment, he cannot breathe, or see, and is so terrified he cannot process what is happening. He starts to cry as he gasps for breath. Forcing his lungs open and taking big gulps of air, Jason curls into a ball, as he lies there on the floor.
Suddenly, someone’s hands are grabbing him and moving towards his face.
“Help! No, no, no, stop!” He wails in terror, shouting until the lights of the apartment flood the room—the sudden brightness making him close his eyes.
“Monster can’t see me, Monster can’t see me, Monster can’t see me,” Jason murmurs. He can hear someone moving in the room, and then something gently touches his shoulder.
“Jason, it’s me! It’s Donnie,” he speaks firmly, hoping to break his brother out of the terrifying trance. “Ssshhhh, it’s okay, buddy. It’s okay. You’re all right,” he whispers, trying to soothe him by gently running a hand over his brother’s shoulders and back. Jason’s breathing eventually slows to normal. However, his eyes stay clamped shut, and his body will not stop shaking as he lays curled in the fetal position.
“Jason, it's Donnie. It’s okay, and you’re okay,” he says again, in a hurried whisper. “Jason, open your eyes, buddy. Come on, look at me.” He gently pries the hands covering his face away. After a few minutes of coaxing, and letting Jason relax on his own, his eyes open.
“Donnie?” he asks through a clogged nose, tone reflecting surprise and confusion at seeing his brother for the first time in over four years.
Donnie looks like he has been in a war zone; clothing battered and torn, hands both wrapped in bloodied bandages made from rags. His face has a large gouge running from the left temple to the middle of the forehead. He smiles down at his brother.
As Jason studies him, joy and concern quickly replace fear. His body stops shaking as his mind turns with recognition. He grins widely, wrapping both arms around Donnie’s kneeling form. “Donnie!” he gleefully proclaims as he crushes his brother in a bear hug.
After extricating himself from the embrace, Donnie looks down at the floor guiltily. “Yeah, I’m sorry I left for so long without calling.” He looks up into Jason’s smiling face, He doesn’t even care. He’s just thrilled you’re back.
Jason’s smile falters a little when he looks down at Donnie’s hands, “Your hands are hurt!” Getting up quickly, he notices a green duffel bag in the middle of the living room floor. Only briefly wondering where the duffel has come from, he continues to the bathroom.
Coming back, he carries a small first aid kit Dr. Rose gave him. Donnie is still on the floor, leaning against the small couch. Jason sits down next to him and hands him the first aid kit, the all too happy grin never leaving his face.
“Thanks,” Donnie says with a small smile, opening the kit and searching for clean bandaging. “Jason?”
Jason nods that he is paying attention.
“I need your help.”
Donnie explains that some evil men are looking for him. He says they will hurt them if they catch them. Jason listens to the whole thing very seriously, not showing the slightest fear outwardly. Donnie explains he has a plan to outsmart the bad men and make things better.
“Why don’t we call a policeman?” Jason asks.
“The police work for the bad men. We can’t tell anyone about this, all right?” Donnie answers in a serious tone.
Jason’s eyes widen, face scrunching up into a puzzled look as he ponders something silently for a few moments. “Dr. Rose, can we tell her?”
“No Jason! We can’t tell anyone about the bad men, okay?” Donnie is on edge, and the clock is still ticking. His voice is harsh, and he instantly regrets snapping. “I’m sorry, now just listen, okay?” He continues explaining the plan to find the bad men and make them go away.
“You’re going to tell them to leave us alone?” Jason asks as Donnie finishes talking.
“Yes, I’m going to make them leave us alone.”
As the two brothers get up off the floor, the single light in the living room burns out. A second later two large men kick down the front door.
Donnie leaps towards Jason, and the two brothers tumble to the floor just as a shotgun blast tears through the air above them. The sickly yellow light from outside of the apartment silhouettes the two gunmen in the doorway. They are wearing matching black suits; one is holding a shotgun, the other is carrying a semi-automatic handgun.
Hitting the floor, Donnie’s hand is already searching in the green duffel bag. Thunder claps twice, and two smoking holes appear in the fabric of the pack. The two men stagger and crash to the ground. Keeping Jason’s head down, Donnie listens intently for the sound of any more gunmen. After a few seconds, he is satisfied there is no one lurking outside. He releases Jason and gets to his feet, right hand bringing a semi-automatic handgun out of the duffel bag as he stands. Never taking his eyes away from the apartment’s entrance, he moves forward, sweeping the gun in an arc to provide ballistic cover. Staying just inside the doorway and out of the light, Donnie scans down the walkway. The only movement is the wind pushing the leaves littering the ground.
“Jason, get up,” he says urgently from the position near the door. Jason picks himself up from the floor for the second time that evening. He does not know what to think about the two men near the doorway. Eyes never leaving them, he stays quiet, waiting for Donnie to tell him what is happening.
“Jason…Jason!” Donnie grabs him by the arm, forcing him to turn and look away from the two dead men. “We’ve got to get going,”
Jason nods his head, showing he understands, making sure not to look down. Donnie grabs the green duffel bag and, with a gun in hand, leads them out into the city towards an address still miles away.
Dinner Date
The small flame from the candle on the table blazes in Lily’s eyes. Jack is transfixed by the reflection of the light, as it flickers and dances. For a second, the candlelight disappears.
“Are you all right?” he asks.
“It’s my contact. It’s been bugging me all day,” she says, rubbing her eyes gently.
Dim candlelight fills the cozy Italian restaurant. There are only a few other people still attending to their meals. The waitress has been back to Jack and Lily’s table three times already, asking if they need anything else.
“No, we’re fine, thanks,” he says again, not wanting the night to end. It is the eighth anniversary of the first night they met, and the rightness of the evening washes over them two lovers lost beyond all other trepidations.
Jack cannot help but think about how everything else in his life fell away since he and Lily first met. He ponders how people spend every day in so much motion and toil and never experience moments like this. And that spending a life without someone to care about would be a sad and lonely existence. Thinking how lucky he is, he smiles at her while she takes a drink of water.
Setting the glass down, she catches him staring. “What is it?”
“You look beautiful”
Lily looks down, slightly embarrassed, “Thank you.”
“And I don’t just mean tonight. Since I first saw you, I’ve thought you were the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.”
Jack thinks about the ring box in his pants pocket. The couple does not say much to one another through dinner; they do not have to. They sit quietly, giving each other the occasional compliment or commenting on how excellent the food tastes.
He waits to propose, hoping he will know the right moment. Always calm under pressure, tonight his chest is tight with anxiety.
“You know what I was thinking about today?” Lily asks.
“The first time we met,” Jack answers, without thinking. Her smile brightens at the answer, face beaming with joy. They talk for a while about the night they met: the football game, the mascot outfit, and their youthful awkwardness. When they get to the part of the story where the Man in Black showed up, he tries to change subjects without her noticing.
But Lily notices. “You know, whenever you’re ready…” she starts to say, reaching across the table to touch his hand, “…and even if you’re never ready to talk about it. I’m always here, wanting to listen.”
Jack smiles, and looks down at the table. “I had a dream about you the other day.”
“A dream? What was I wearing?” she asks, teasingly.
“A yellow dress.”
Lily notices how nervous he looks, so she chooses not to say anything until he speaks again.
“Can I tell you about it?” he asks earnestly.
“Okay.”
“In the dream, I woke up in the woods. I’m not sure where it was, but I saw a light and I followed it. I walked for a while along a path, and I found this sunny beach with no one around. I sat there alone and felt so far away from everything. I looked up, and there was this tear in the world in front of me. And, this brilliant light, brighter than the sun, was pouring down on me. Out of this thing, stepped a beautiful woman in a yellow dress.” Jack stops for a moment, realizing he is talking too rapidly. Taking a deep breath, he pauses and continues.
“The woman was you, Lily. I was all alone, and I felt like I was dying, and then I met you.” Tears form at the corner of his eyes as painful childhood memories overwhelm him. Lily gets up from her chair, coming over to his side of the table. She runs her hands through his hair. He wraps his arms around her waist, gently pulling her down to his lap. Except for the two cooks and hostess in the kitchen, they are the only people left. They hold each other, and eventually, share a laugh about how they are alone in the restaurant. With the moment gone, Jack decides to wait until they get back to his apartment before trying to propose.
“You want to get out of here?” Lily asks.
“Absolutely.”
Walking to the kitchen door, he finds the hostess and settles the bill. Then he helps Lily with her jacket and buttons up his coat before stepping outside into the blistering cold.
Follow the Instructions
Two brothers run through the backstreets of Edge City as fast as they can. After what feels like hours, both are winded, and they find themselves in an alleyway beside an old, abandoned tire shop.
“Fuck!” Donnie yells, kicking a dumpster. He leans against the alley wall, catching his breath.
“What’s wrong?” Jason asks between gulps of air. He does not understand the urgency of his brother’s plight and silently wonders, what can be so important they must be outside in the freezing wet night.
“The instructions said to be here, at this spot,” frustrated, he looks down at his watch, 10:28 p.m., “At this time and…” His voice trails off, distracted by a sound a short distance away.
“And what?” Jason asks.
Donnie focuses down the street, seeing a young couple coming out of a small restaurant. The woman is wearing a red dress under her coat. Inside the envelope the Man in Black had given him was a scrap of paper with the address to the old tire shop. Along with the address, there were only three words written, the red dress. He decides this must be what the Man in Black meant.
But what the hell am I supposed to do? Donnie’s voice screams in his head. His mind races as the couple crosses the street, moving closer to the abandoned tire shop.
“All right, you see those people walking this way? You need to be very quiet now.” As he whispers, Jason smiles like they are kids again, playing a game. Donnie looks over his shoulder and sees his brothers’ smile. Feeling tremendous guilt over his brother’s and Daisy’s involvement, he silently swears to keep his brother safe, get Daisy back, and kill the Man in Black. If that means he must grab some girl in a red dress to get some answers, then so be it.
As Donnie watches the couple approaching, Jason starts shivering and says “I’m cold”
“Quiet!”
Jason cringes, turning away at being reprimanded. Seeing the reaction softens Donnie a little. Turning, he gently holds his brother by the sides of his scarred face.
He wispers quickly and soothingly, “Little brother, I didn’t mean to get mad, but they’re coming, okay, and I need you right now. So, listen to me, I don’t want you to forget this,” pausing to make sure he has Jason’s full attention.
At that exact moment, a cat in the alley jumps down loudly onto a dumpster lid. Jason turns his head away and towards the sound. As the cat lands, Donnie hears the couple coming closer and turns his head towards the street, believing his brother is listening. “I don’t want to hurt them if we don’t have to,” he whispers.
With both brothers distracted, what Jason hears is, ‘hurt them if we have to.’ 
The smile washes off Jason’s face, replaced by a mask of shock and confusion. He crouches, legs going rubbery on him. Something hard brushes against his hand. Looking down, he sees a brick, and grabs it, holding onto something substantial in this most troubling moment.
As Jack and Lily leave the restaurant, they walk down the street towards a parking lot sitting opposite the abandoned tire shop. The cracks in the asphalt show the parking lot’s age. Most of the overhead lighting system has long since burnt out. The couple’s car is under the last working lamppost in the lot. A single yellow beam of light shines down on their vehicle, promising safety.
“Come on. You’re getting soaked.” Lily laughs, taking a few steps away from him and twirling lightly with arms outstretched, feeling the rain on her face. Jack cannot help smiling, even though he is soaking wet. The storm is starting to stop. The sound of them laughing replaces the sound of the steady rainfall as it wanes to a drizzle. He jogs forward, reaches out, and gently pulls her to him.
Lily looks up into his eyes, “I love you, Jack.”
“I love you too.”
She can see he is thinking about something significant.
Jack feels a trickle of the rain running down his neck. As the icy droplet travels downward and soaks into the dry portion of his dress shirt, he takes the jacket off. Placing it over Lily’s shoulders, they continue walking towards the car. She lays her head against his upper body as they huddle closely together.
“Thank you,” she says, slowing to a stop.
He stops with her. “You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.” He pauses a moment, trying to find his center. “There’s something I’ve wanted to ask you all night.” He says, struggling to find the right words.
“I know,” Lily smiles, pulling him in for a kiss, and it is everything a kiss should be.
Jack eventually pulls back and reaches into his pocket for the ring box. As his hand closes around it, a strange sensation presses against him. Taking the hand out of the pocket, and with an arm still around Lily, he starts moving them quickly towards the car. The sensation builds in intensity. He continually scans the buildings and streets for threats. After a few steps, he glances to the right as a single lamppost flickers to life over a dark corner of the road. Its weak glow illuminates a piece of vacant lot sitting adjacent to the parking lot. Particulate water drizzles through the faint yellow light of the streetlamp. Jack watches the mist move downwards to land gently on the shoulders of a man standing there, staring at him and Lily. For a split second, he feels icy terror grip him. As his mind grasps what he sees, the fear transforms into a burning rage in his veins.
Lily walks a short distance, feeling his arm slip off her shoulders. “Jack, what’s wrong?” she asks, seeing him square his shoulders defensively at a man standing across the street.
The scar tissue on the Man in Black’s face pulls tight as he watches Jack trying to understand what is happening.
“What do you want?!” Jack roars, the intensity startling Lily.
The Man in Black holds out empty hands and shrugs his shoulders. “Just your attention for a moment,” he says, with a wicked smile painted on his twisted face.
Jack’s mind reels as he hears someone coming from the alley behind him. He spins around as fast as he can. The attacker is a fraction of a second quicker and lands a hard blow to his temple. As consciousness begins to fade, he feels the ring box in his pocket as his limp body falls hard on the wet sidewalk. The sound of Lily screaming his name is the last thing he hears before blacking out.
Seeing Jack fall to the ground, Lily quickly finds her courage and charges at Donnie, screaming at him to stay away. Startling, he shoves her away with both hands, blocking her attack. As she flies backward, Jason reacts instinctively and raises both hands to catch her, not realizing he still holds the brick in one hand. It all happens in slow motion. Her head strikes the block with a wet, meaty thud, and she goes limp. He awkwardly catches her in his arms, finally releasing the hold on the brick.
“Jason don’t hurt her! Just put her down,” Donnie commands, rushing over.
Jason clutches Lily close to his body and kneels to the ground. “I didn’t mean it! Dr. Rose will make it better,” he cries at Donnie, looking down at Lily’s still form in his arms. Her face is bloody, and her skin is losing its color. Breathing rapidly, Jason freezes in place at the horror of what he has done.
Jack awakens with a start, senses rapidly returning to him. Snapping to his feet, he assesses the surroundings. Two men he has never met are arguing. One is standing as the other kneels on the ground. The one kneeling has terrible burn scars on his face and is pleading with the other. There is something in the kneeling man’s arms, a still form he is clutching protectively.
In a moment of awful clarity, he sees that the limp body is the love of his life. Seeing Lily causes the same power Jack felt years ago on the stairwell of the burning house to spark back into existence. Then, like now, he is in danger of losing her, and time begins to slow to a crawl. Falling water drops stop mid-flight. Jack is up and sprinting to reach Lily. He moves so quickly the light from the streetlamps bends into long trailing streaks around him.
Jason clutches Lily tighter in his arms as Donnie turns towards the threat of Jack and takes a defensive posture to protect his brother. “It was an accident!”
Jack cannot hear what Donnie is shouting. He can only hear the thundering of his heartbeat. The vast, unknown force building within him brings tremendous strength. Without thinking, he grabs Donnie with both hands, hefts him aloft, and smashes him downward. The amount of force exerted cracks the concrete and breaks Donnie apart on the inside. Jason cries out but does not move.
Utter emptiness and despair consume Jack as he looks at Lily. Collapsing to his knees, he takes her from Jason, who offers no resistance. Her skin pale and her body lifeless, he arches back, letting loose a silent scream. The burning power inside him escapes from his eyes first and then his entire body. A brilliant flash followed by a wave of unknown energy made of coruscating golden light propels itself outward. Thrown backward, Jason is knocked unconscious, and his body tumbles to rest near the curb.
Holding Lily in his arms, Jack feels the power fade.
The Man in Black, watching from a safe distance, laughs at the success of his designs coming to fruition.
Thwarted by Speedwell’s meddling influence years ago in the burning house, a grievously wounded Man in Black was forced to change his plans and wait patiently. Orchestrating his twisted vision and watching it unfold tonight, he roars in laughter, the sound echoing as if down the halls of an abandoned asylum. This portion of his designs complete, the Man in Black disappears into the night.

Drake’s Return
Almost four hours after Jack left Speedwell at the hospital, she rests peacefully. She’s never had a private room in a hospital before. But an Edge City Cop stabbed in the line of duty gets a few perks. The small fluorescent light over her bed keeps the space dimly lit. The room smells of antiseptic, and she occasionally catches the faint odor of iodine coming from the bandages on her shoulder. She fidgets with the nurse’s button and remote control to the room’s television, bed, and light. Exhausted, she decides to try to rest when she hears loud voices in the hallway outside.
“She’s not ready to be interviewed Lieutenant Hodgkins, and she needs her rest.”
Speedwell can hear the Intensive Care Unit nurse protesting. She moves the reclining hospital bed into the upright position as the door to the room opens abruptly.
Lieutenant Hodgkins has been a cop for almost thirty years now. He wears a battered trench coat complete with coffee stains and cigarette burns on the lapel. Two hundred pounds overweight and mean as hell, his hair looks like he just rolled out of bed. His face is unshaven, and his odor makes Speedwell remember she is out of toilet paper at home. The lieutenant should have been retired by now, but the rumor is that he has four ex-wives and a slew of child support checks to write every month.
“What do you want, Hodgkins?” Speedwell asks, wanting to get this over as quickly as possible.
“It’s Lieutenant Hodgkins, and I’m the one asking the questions,” he sneers, lauding his seniority over her.
Her face reveals no emotion.
“I’m here for you to tell me what happened in that cluster fuck on the Southside.”
He takes another step closer to Speedwell’s bed. The smell is almost too much, and she feels her stomach starting to rebel.
Speedwell wants to give the man as little information as possible, “Members of S.W.A.T. and I were there doing a routine search for warrants, Lieutenant. Things got out of hand.”
She does not mind lying to someone who turns other cops and their families into the waiting hands of heinous people.
“Bullshit!” Hodgkins yells. Moving impossibly fast, he slaps her across the face. Pain lances from her injured shoulder. Her face feels instantly flushed and tingling.
Speedwell readies to leap from the bed and beat the piss out of the man. However, there is a knock at the door, and without pause, it opens. The man that walks in is six foot three, two hundred and twenty pounds, with an athletic build. He moves with lethal grace and purpose. Short brown hair and cleanly shaven, his blue eyes pierce the gloomy room. Not just any blue, they are the color of the sky on a clear day. He wears a dark grey trench coat. Unlike Hodgkins’, this man’s clothing is immaculately clean and pressed. The jacket is open, and Speedwell can see he wears a dark brown tailored Italian cut suit that hugs his body, making it hard for her not to stare. She catches the metallic shine of a badge on his belt and just above that, the telltale shadow of a shoulder holster rig. A dashing smile causes her body to go tight in places, making her embarrassed she is only wearing a hospital gown. She pulls the white sheets of the bed closer and bites down on her lower lip.
“I’m not interrupting, am I?” the man says in a gentle tone holding an undercurrent of power. Like the first few raindrops signaling the beginning of a terrible storm, the voice has the barest hints of the force behind it. The stranger being in the room makes the air taste cleaner, and the sweet smell of summer rain overpowers the stench of Hodgkins.
No one speaks for several seconds. Hodgkins’ eyes the stranger with distaste, “Who the hell…” he starts to say, in an annoyed voice.
Speedwell cuts him off with, “Nope, you’re not interrupting,” her eyes falling on Hodgkins like daggers, “the Lieutenant is just leaving. What can I do for you Mr…?”
The stranger steps further into the room, “Call me Drake. I’m heading a federal investigation here in Edge City and I was hoping you could answer a few questions.” he says smoothly, offering her another winning smile.
“Let’s see some I.D,” Hodgkins demands, stepping closer. The look in Drake’s eyes turns from beautiful to downright scary. He cocks his head at the slovenly man like a bird looking at prey. The blue of his eyes seems to swirl and brighten at the opportunity for a confrontation.
“Of course, Lieutenant,” Drake says calmly. His eyes regard Hodgkins as a plaything, which gives the overweight man a slight pause.
Spooked, Hodgkins reaches out a fat finger. “What’s your deal, asshole?” He punctuates the last word by poking the finger into Drake’s chest in an attempt to intimidate.
Idiot, Speedwell thinks to herself, shoulders tensing.
The Lieutenant already pushed the line when he hit Speedwell. Now, Drake has a legitimate excuse to punish him. Hand moving too quickly to follow, he grabs the index finger and wrist, twisting until Hodgkins is on his knees. The entire movement takes a fraction of a second. There is an audible thud as all of the fatter man’s weight hits the linoleum floor with both knees.
“Shit!” Hodgkins curses, hissing as the nerves in his wrist, arm, and shoulder ignite in unseen flames of pain.
“Let’s watch the language in front of the lady.” Drake’s words are a calm whisper. His eyes gleam with the promise of more pain if the other man continues to act aggressively.
“Fuck you, asshole!” Hodgkins screams, spitting.
“For a dirty cop who likes to slap women around, I thought you might be a little smarter.”
The sarcasm is not lost on Speedwell as she wonders if Hodgkins has any idea the bad place he has gotten himself. She never enjoys watching others suffer, but seeing Hodgkins on his knees at the mercy of this man makes her smile.
Drake looks to her, matching her smile with his own. Hodgkins must see an opportunity and does the stupidest thing possible. With the free hand, he reaches for his gun. The movement is slow and looks painful.
Disbelief falls over Drake’s face at Hodgkins trying to bring a gun into the fight. With a slight turn of the wrist, he breaks the right index finger; the smallest’ pop’ of sound punctuates the silence of the room.
“Your gun? That’s not a very good idea, but you are consistent, I’ll give you that.”
The pain pushes Hodgkins' simple mind beyond the point of reason. “You’re dead!” he screams, finally finding the butt of his service revolver. He begins to yank the gun out of its holster.
Drake jerks the wrist, and Speedwell hears two more barely audible pops as more bones break. He forces the overweight cop to his feet. Tears fall down Hodgkins face as Drake looks him square in the eye. “I am part of a special federal task force here for a short time. But I guarantee, if you continue this way, I’ll make time to teach you some manners.” He reaches down, pulling back his trench coat to show the badge and gun.
Hodgkins stops struggling and listens. Speedwell feels the tension begin to drain out of her shoulders as things in the room begin to calm. She remembers something in a briefing about the Feds being in town. Every cop in Edge City was told the same thing from the higher-ups, “The Feds are here to help. Let them do their jobs and don’t get in their way. Anyone that fails to do so will answer to the Commissioner.”
Speedwell knows Hodgkins heard the same standing orders about the Feds. The last remaining fight leaves him, and his shoulders slump forward. He knows if Drake wanted, he could charge him with obstructing a federal officer, and more. Even the people he works for have limits, and he knows his boss would sooner kill him than let any information leak to the Feds about what goes on in Edge City.
“Do you know who I work for?” Hodgkins sobs.
The fight in Drake’s eyes is replaced with the same gentleness they had when he first came into the room. Strength and resolve fill his words, “I do know who you work for, and there are three reasons why I don’t care: One, I have this big God damn gun. Two, my federal badge carries more weight than your boss can lift. And three, I could throw a sniveling pawn like you into a cage for the rest of your miserable existence. “
With his face betraying his fear Hodgkins sputters, “My boss...”
“You are expendable. I know that…” Drake nods towards Speedwell, “…she knows it and most importantly…” he pauses, “your boss knows it,” he says with an edge of malice. Hodgkins’ slouching shoulders and teary eyes are a stark contrast to the iron-hard conviction in the federal agent.
“Now Lieutenant, you should be more careful of these door jambs,” Drake smiles, moving Hodgkins to the door and opening it. “They can be dangerous.’
“Get that hand looked at, and I’ll let you know if I need anything else.”
With that, he pushes Hodgkins out of the room and shuts the door.
Speedwell’s mouth hangs slightly open, stunned by the display. Closing her mouth, she smoothes out the sheets. “What the hell was that?”
“You disapprove of my methods?” Genuine concern crosses Drake’s face.
Speedwell’s eyes wander from his face to his shoulders, and then to his chest….Get a grip! she chastises herself silently, looking away. Cheeks burning, she hopes he will not say anything. Drake stands there, waiting for her to answer.
“I’m sorry, no. I thought you were great. I mean, very professional,” she stammers.
“I thought what you did was great,” she says softly. Well, at least I got a full sentence out. Silently giving herself kudos, she lets out the breath she was holding.
He smiles, and the dark clouds in his eyes disappear. For Speedwell, it is like the sun coming out. She feels warm all over and a slight tingle in her chest makes her smile. He pulls the only chair in the room over to the side of her bed. Sitting down, he takes a second to collect his thoughts. “The Lieutenant hit you. Are you all right?”
“My mom hit me harder when I was growing up,” she says, smiling confidently and making him chuckle softly. “So, Drake huh, no last name?”
He reaches over the bed and shakes Speedwell’s hand. “Drake Lux, a pleasure to meet you.”
The warmth of the touch makes her heart race. “Lux, that’s Latin for ‘light’ isn’t it?” she asks, barely able to compose herself.
Drake laughs, “Yes, it is, but what about Speedwell? Your mother must love flowers.” Smiling, he sits back in the chair.
“So, you’re an educated man?” she says, nodding, then looks him up and down one more time.
“No, I just like flowers,” he says with a seriousness that makes her heart skip a beat. She thinks about the warmth of his hand in hers, wanting him to touch her again. The look in Drake’s eyes says he wants to feel her too. They both stare silently at one another for a few seconds, before he remembers he needs to get back to the subject at hand. Looking down at the floor for a moment to refocus, he glances at Speedwell, the smile gone from his face. “What happened at apartment 517?”
After that, it is all business. She tells him about the informant, the entry into the apartment with S.W.A.T., and about the thing she shot in the hallway. As he finishes writing on a small notepad, he asks one last question. “Is there anything else you remember, anything at all?”
Speedwell thinks for a moment. “No, that’s all I can remember.” The day has been a long one in her book, and she is trying hard to stay focused.
Drake closes the notebook, placing it back into his pocket. “Thank you for your time, Detective. I’m going to have an agent outside your door at all times. If you need anything or remember something else, please call.” Standing, he reaches into an inner jacket pocket and pulls out a business card, placing it on the hospital tray next to the bed.
“Why the guard?” Speedwell asks.
“My associates and I believe the man you killed in the hallway was Anthony Bolivar’s son.” His blue eyes brighten at the mention of Bolivar.
“His son?” Her heart races. She knows from past case files the savagery of Anthony Bolivar; Edge City’s most renowned crime syndicate boss. The influence Anthony Bolivar has over most of her precinct is enough to make her mind spin. “Why the hell didn’t anyone know he had a son?” she asks, voice holding an edge of panic.
Hearing the concern in her voice, he offers, “Look, the people working with me are the best. I know Bolivar is well connected, but you have my word, we will keep you safe until we can bring him down for good.”
“Bring him down for good!?” she says, laughing at his misplaced confidence, “Listen, the thing with Hodgkins, I was impressed, but Bolivar runs this city. He’s got guys on his payroll worse than Hodgkins, and you’re going to protect me?” she asks incredulously.
Speedwell does not care what Drake thinks anymore. The news about Bolivar’s son has hit her like a freight train. Her mind is still reeling when she remembers something he has said, “Wait, you said you were going to bring Bolivar down?” eyeing him suspiciously, “How exactly are you going to do that?”
Drake straightens. “We use bait.” His eyes are deadly serious as Speedwell makes the connection.
“Fuck you! You’re not using me as bait, you son of a bitch!” she screams.
He does not flinch. “I may be a son of a bitch, but this is how we play it.”
Eyes darting around the room, her panic builds with every passing second. “I gotta get out of here.”
She starts to get up when Drake puts a hand on her shoulder. “Where would you go?” he asks sincerely, eyes holding a questioning pity.
“You’re so smart, why don’t you tell me?” Speedwell yells.
Drake forces her to think about her options. “Would you go to your parents? Would you go to your friends?” he asks softly. She does not miss the implied threat of Bolivar’s retribution. Finally, the gravity of the situation sinks in, and she slumps back down into the bed, exhausted and scared. She feels the weight of the world crashing down on her and knows there is nowhere she can go that will be safe. Her eyes start to sting as tears form. Too exhausted to hold it in anymore, she breaks down crying. Getting it out quickly, she is soon back in control. Drake sits quietly, giving silent witness to the momentary anguish.
She sighs. “What about Johnson?”
“He’s being transferred to a padded cell.” Drake says, shaking his head, “The doctors tell me there is nothing medically wrong with him. But...” he trails off.
“But what?”
“But when he is awake, he can only scream; his mind is lost.”
She cannot read the look in his eyes. “Your people are guarding him too?”
“Yes, but I have a limited number with me. Besides, the facility he’s been moved to is more secure than most prisons.”
She nods at the assessment, pausing for a moment before her eyes go wide with renewed terror, “What about Jack?”
“He didn’t see anything and was minimally involved,” Drake explains calmly. She goes to say more, but he cuts her off. “But I understand your concern, and we have people out looking for him now.”
“You don’t know where he is?” she shouts with a mix of shock and anger, “What the fuck kind of ‘professionals’ are you?” she demands, emphasizing the last to make her displeasure as clear as possible.
“I just found out myself the suspect you shot was Bolivar’s son. Officer Jack Stover had been cleared medically and discharged from the hospital before my team and I got here,” he explains.
“Did you check his apartment?” Speedwell asks.
Now it is Drake’s turn to give her a quizzical look, “I sent a couple of men over to his apartment to pick him up.”
She looks slightly relieved until a memory stirs in the back of her mind. Something important her mind struggles to remember through the fog of pain killers and shock.
Drake notices the look of concentration on her face. “What is it?” He desperately wants to know if there is anything he missed.
“Oh God,” she says as the memory crystallizes into perfect clarity. “Jack’s got a girlfriend, and they are going out tonight. He won’t be at his apartment. They’re probably at the restaurant right now.”
Drake follows her line of thinking. Lifting his wrist to talk into the radio microphone concealed in the cuff, he issues clipped commands to those listening.
Speedwell waits and prays that Jack and Lily are all right.

Oblivion
Slowly coming around to consciousness, Jack finds himself lying in an ambulance gurney. He can feel the vehicle moving—the wailing howl of the emergency siren making his head ache, and vision blur.
“Lily?” he says, trying to move to a sitting position on the gurney. Sharp pain in both wrists catches him by surprise. Looking down at the pinned right wrist, he has no idea why he is handcuffed to the gurney. What he does know is something is wrong.
“Lily!” he screams over the wailing of the ambulance siren.
The vehicle continues rumbling along the dark highway towards the hospital.
****
Kraveetz stands by a window looking into a small room, where hospital staff works furiously. Speedwell walks up slowly and follows the older man’s gaze. Lily lies on a gurney, her injuries making her almost unrecognizable. Speedwell feels her heart tear in two, watching her friend struggling to live. There are no readable emotions on Kraveetz’s face. He stares into Lily’s room, uniform muddied and torn, with a black eye and a bruise forming on his jawline.
“When I got to the restaurant, I couldn’t find them.” His voice comes out a whisper, while he watches the doctors working frantically.
“I saw a woman’s purse lying in the street. So, I put on the brakes and spotlighted the nearby alley.” Kraveetz shakes his head back and forth as a sigh, with the weight of the world behind it, escapes him. He looks to the ground before turning to face Speedwell.
“Jack was sitting in the road, holding her. Just rocking her back and forth and crying and Jesus, Gale, I didn’t know what to do.” Eyes watering, he turns for a moment, wiping the tears away. The heartache in Speedwell’s chest reaches new levels as she watches him lose control for the first time in her life. She lets her emotions flow unchecked as Kraveetz continues.
“It was like Jack wasn’t there. He just kept mumbling to himself and running his hand through her hair. I left him alone with her until the medics arrived. But when they tried to get in and start working on her, he lost it.” Kraveetz pauses, shaking his head, looking back through the window at the doctors and nurses buzzing around Lily’s still form.
Speedwell’s mind is having a hard time understanding. “Why would he….”
“I don’t know Gale!” He snaps, emotions getting the better of him, “Christ, it took me, and three guys from the 34th precinct, to pull him off of the medic.”
“Jack gave you that black eye?” She cannot believe what she is hearing.
“My black eye, a broken jaw for the medic, and he knocked out another who was trying to help.”
The flurry of activity in Lily’s room slows and then halts. Another minute passes and one of the doctors in the room exits to speak to the waiting police officers. She is an older woman, whose identification badge reads ‘Dr. Rose Willows.’ She looks to Speedwell, then Kraveetz. Silence hangs heavily between them, the tension palpable as they wait to hear what she has to say.
“Well, Doc?” Speedwell asks, voice cracking.
“She’s gone,” Rose says gently, looking away out of respect.
Speedwell feels like she is going to throw up. Slumping down to her knees, she tries to slow her breathing. The tears pour like molten embers trailing against the coolness of her skin. 
Lily’s death pulls at Kraveetz in ways he never thought possible. He feels tremendous grief for her loss and an indescribable sorrow for Jack. A part of him breaks apart at the loss of such a beautiful couple in love. It will forever change the way Jack looks at the world. In his heart, he wonders if the young man may be lost to madness and grief. The older man questions what, if anything, he can do to pull his friend back from the edge.
No one says anything for a long time. Rose stands there, hands in the pockets of her white coat. With so many questions to ask, she has not had a chance to check on Jason herself. She had gotten one of the nurses to look in on him while working to save Lily’s life. Jason was admitted with minor wounds on his face and arms; he was given a sedative and put in a room on the fourth floor, in the intensive care unit.
Rose is lost in thought when Speedwell finally speaks, her voice choked with emotion. “What the hell happened out there?”. She wipes the tears from her eyes. “It doesn’t make any sense. I couldn’t sneak up on Jack!” she exclaims, turning to face Kraveetz. “Who the hell was that piece of shit with the scars you brought with you?”
Kraveetz shakes his head from side to side. He has no idea.
“Officers,” Rose says with an unexpected softness. Both look at her, “The man with the scars, his name is Jason Graves,” she says, pausing a moment. She is terrified and feels sick with what she has to say. “He works here in the hospital, and I’ve known him for a long time.”
Kraveetz looks at the older woman and sees someone who is hurting. Beyond her pain, he knows she is telling the truth. His mind closes around the name she has given him, Jason Graves.
“What is your name, ma’am?” he asks, stepping towards her.
“Rose, Dr. Rose Willows, I’m the head doctor tonight for the E.R.”
“Well, Rose, since you know Jason so well, I can only hope you know something about what happened out there tonight.”
Rose has to look away from the pain in the older man’s eyes. The fog of her shock at seeing Jason covered in blood and handcuffed has been unbearable.
“Rose, how well do you know Jason?” Kraveetz asks.
In a flash of memory, she is back all those years ago looking down into the crying face of a horrifically burned toddler. She remembers holding him, trying to soothe him. Rocking him gently and telling him everything was going to be all right. He had stopped screaming briefly and looked up into her eyes with a longing to be loved and to be safe. She vowed she would always do whatever she could to help protect the child and give him all the love he deserved.
“I have known him his whole life officer, I just…” She trails off and wipes the tears from her cheeks. She takes a deep breath and does her best to compose herself, “…if I can help you, I want to. Please know, he is a good person. I’ve known him since he was a child.” She pauses to let Kraveetz ask her another question.
“What was he doing at the corner of Monarch Street tonight at 10:30 p.m.?” Kraveetz asks quickly. Part of his mind is looking for anything to change in the way she answers the question. Another part trusts she will be honest. As a cop, he needs something substantial to anchor him after everything that has happened tonight.
Rose shakes her head, “I have no idea what he was doing there. Let’s go ask him together, shall we?” she offers.
“If you know him, maybe you can get him to talk. He wouldn’t say anything to me except that he was ‘sorry’ over and over again,” pausing for a moment, “I’m going to ask, that you not tell him anything about Lily.” Kraveetz stops talking, biting back the tears brought on by saying her name. Steeling himself, he leaves with Speedwell following and Rose leading the way.
After walking for a short time, Rose decides to try talking with the officers again, “You both knew the young woman.” she says, even though she already knew the answer. “I’m so sorry.” Reaching out tentatively with her hand, she touches Kraveetz gently on the arm.
He stops moving, tensing under the delicate touch. “We both knew her.”
Speedwell nods, “All I want to know is; why was he out there tonight with the other suspect.”
“What other suspect?” Rose asks, hand falling away from Kraveetz’s arm.
“Donnie Graves,” he answers.
“Donnie Graves is Jason’s brother,” Rose comments softly. “He’s the other suspect? The one I pronounced to the medics a few minutes before your friend arrived?” her words coming out in a rush.
“Yeah, Donnie Graves. He was dead by the time I got there. When the Medics showed up, they did their thing, but nothing worked.” Kraveetz recalls the scene from earlier with clarity.
“Please, don’t say anything to Jason about Donnie, let me do it.”
“All right, you tell him. But remember, no mention of Lily.”
Rose nods her understanding, and the three of them continue to Jason’s room.
● ACT III ●
Something’s Wrong
Rose never liked bringing up Donnie to Jason, rationalizing it as a way to avoid confusing him. However, the truth of it was, deep down, Rose had always known something terrible followed Donnie wherever he went. Like a perpetual shadow or malevolent cloud just hovering on the fringes.
For a while, she had liked Donnie. He had a job and took Jason to the park every day for lunch. Always a loving brother, he never talked about his childhood or their parents. Rose could only wonder what Donnie went through growing up. The few times she had been around him, it always seemed like he was holding something back below the surface of his smile.
Just before he went missing four years ago, something changed. Rose had stopped by Jason’s apartment and found the wall holding back his true nature was gone. She had felt it, a chill in the air when she walked inside. She only meant to stop in and see how Jason was doing. When Rose entered, Donnie and Jason were sitting on the couch talking. Thinking she interrupted, she tried excusing herself, but Donnie insisted she stay for a moment and speak with him. He said he was going away for a while and hoped she would look after Jason. Rose remembered looking into those eyes and seeing something awful, a deep calm sickness that felt like death.
Presently, Drake has joined Speedwell, Kraveetz, and Rose along the way to Jason’s room. Reaching up to his ear for a moment, he says something low under his breath into the microphone hidden in his cuff.
“Something’s going on. I’ve lost contact with some of my people,” he comments.
“Is it an emergency? Because I’m kind of busy right now,” Kraveetz replies.
Shaking his head Drake responds, “I’m not sure. But the rest of my team is meeting me at the main entrance. I’ll catch up with you later.” As Drake starts to turn to walk away, he has time to give Speedwell a look that makes her almost regret yelling at him earlier.
“I’ll be back,” Drake says to her, and with that, he leaves.
Kraveetz glances at Speedwell.
“What is it, old man?” The emotional roller coaster of the night makes her sound agitated.
Kraveetz looks at her, “Nothing darling, I just never saw you look at anyone like that before.”
Speedwell softens, the harsh look on her face fading.
“It’s okay, Gale,” he says. “We’ve all had a hard night.”
“Yeah,” she says, nodding softly, “Let’s find out what happened tonight, then let’s go check on Jack.” Her voice holds a hint of pleading.
“All right.”
A slouching patrolman is standing outside Jason’s door. As the trio approaches, he stands to attention, “Sir,” the young officer says.
Kraveetz nods to the patrolman and then turns to face Rose.
“Officers, would you mind if I prepare him to see you? He’s probably frightened, and you’ll get more useful information if he isn’t scared half to death.”
Kraveetz thinks about her request for a moment. “Five minutes Doctor, and then we’ll knock and come in.” Nodding her understanding, she enters Jason’s room while Kraveetz and Speedwell wait outside.
A single light over a lone bed illuminates the small room. Its ghostly brilliance makes the space look dark and grey. The sound of medical machines humming and beeping fills the air.
Jason lays in bed, mumbling and sobbing softly. Rose feels her heart fall at the sight of his crying face. Beyond the tears, his face is swollen and discolored from the incident with Jack.
The sound of Rose walking across the room startles him, “Donnie! Donnie help!” he cries out, turning his head, trying to bury his face in the pillow. The restraints on his legs and wrists make the movement harsh and jerky. His wrists are red and raw from struggling against the handcuffs.
“Jason,” Rose says softly. She reaches out and touches his wrist gently. The handcuffs dig into the skin as he jerks back reflexively. She holds his hand until the sobbing slows. He turns to face her and opens swollen eyes. They beam with a love that nearly tears Rose’s heart in two. Tears instantly fall down her cheeks as she looks into his scarred face. Seeing her crying, he stops smiling and starts sobbing again, softly murmuring he is “sorry.”
“Jason, baby, why are you saying you’re sorry?” Rose asks.
He looks down at his handcuffed wrists. “Dr. Rose, I’m so sorry.” He tries lifting a hand to wipe his face but cannot reach. “I hurt her. I’m sorry,” he blurts out, breaking down crying again. Along with his injuries, confusion abounds in his fragile mind, as guilt and shame rage like a whirlwind within. Rose only wants to soothe him. She reaches up with her free hand, wiping his face clean as only a mother can.
“My head hurts,” Jason whimpers. Ashamed, he turns his face away from Rose. She bites her lip to stop crying, then leans over the bed and begins running a hand soothingly through his hair.
He closes his eyes. “I’m sorry,” he keeps repeating.
Gently rubbing his head, she says, “Sshhh, it’s all right baby.” She soothes him for several minutes before knuckles rap lightly on the door.
“Jason?”
“Yes?”
“There are some people outside who need to ask you about what happened tonight. I need you to talk to them for me, okay?” Rose says, holding his hand. “I’ll be right here with you.”
“I’m sorry,” he says again, eyes puffy and red.
“I know you are, sweetie, I know. I need you to tell the people coming in what happened.”
“Okay.”
Rose nods, turning her head towards the door. “Officers, you can come in now.”
Within seconds the latch is turning. Speedwell is first into the room and startles slightly at the sight of Jason. She lets Kraveetz take the lead, and as always, the seasoned veteran does not flinch.
Taking in every little detail on Jason’s scarred face, he notices both he and the doctor have been crying. He sees Rose holding one of his hands. Slowly walking over to the bed, he reaches out and gently takes a handcuffed wrist. Reaching for his duty belt, he takes out a small key. “You’re not going to hurt anyone, are you big fellah?” he asks before turning the key.
Jason shakes his head. “No, sir.”
Kraveetz eyes the young man for a moment and then takes off the handcuff. He hands the key to Rose, and she undoes the other cuff.
“Jason, what happened tonight?” Kraveetz asks plainly and directly. Jason looks from Kraveetz to Rose. She nods, and he begins telling the tale of the evening’s events: Donnie’s return earlier that evening, the two men with guns showing up at his apartment, and how they both kept running through the dark for what felt like forever.
“Then we waited someplace dark and cold, and Donnie said…” Jason stammers to a stop.
Kraveetz looks up from the small notepad he is writing in, “What did Donnie say Jason?” he asks, focusing intently for any signs of dishonesty.
Jason remembers the alley. He recalls Donnie and the woman in the red dress. There was a dark figure standing nearby, and he had been afraid of that man dressed in all black.
When Jason gets to his part in the nights’ tragedy, he turns away in shame for a moment. His eyes fall on the window overlooking the hospital parking lot. The air cools suddenly as if some unseen arctic wind has entered the building; the same barrenly cold feeling passes through everyone in the hospital, chilling them down to their very souls. Everyone feels it, but only Jason catches the barest glimpse of something moving out in the dark parking lot.
Outside, a shadowy figure walks towards the visitor’s entrance. The Man in Black has been watching and waiting a long time for Lily to fall, and now he will finish what he started so long ago.
The Denizen and the Traitor
Drake has no idea why the three members of his team at the hospital are not responding. Quickening his pace as the concern for them and their mission builds, he moves towards the hospital’s main entrance, trying to raise the team members over the radio. He cannot know they will never answer.
****
The man sitting at the nursing station is twenty-eight years old. His name is Allen. He started at the hospital two weeks ago. Reading over a chart, the smell of sulfur fills the air, and the cold harshness of a winter breeze brushes against his skin. He looks up to see a man standing before him.
The Man in Black’s suit is torn and battered in places, hands covered in blood. The man’s eyes are nothing but shiny black reflective surfaces. Those twin pools of eternal night pierce the young nurse’s soul, freezing him in place as the Man in Black’s face rapidly begins elongating and body changing.
Allen tries to say something, to scream, but he is too terrified. The Man in Black opens his mouth slightly, showing too many teeth in a horrible smile. “I’m looking for someone.” His voice sounds more like a bestial growl than a man’s. Allen sits there, staring at the Man in Black, the nurses’ station countertop the only thing separating them.
“What’s wrong with your eyes?” Allen chokes out in a terrified whisper.
The Man in Black snarls, moving with an otherworldly quickness. He reaches over the nurses’ station and grabs him by the throat.
“WHERE IS JACK!?” the beast roars. Allen’s eyes water at the powerful dose of foulness emanating from the monster’s mouth. The only thought he registers before shock overtakes him is, It’s not human. The Man in Black shakes the young nurse roughly by the neck. The sounds of bones breaking precede the body going limp.
The fiend bellows in frustration at having come so far, only to be delayed by the delicate fragility humans possess. The Man in Black’s midnight eyes take in the whole room, seeing all the humans standing paralyzed. Like living statues, the doctors, nurses, and patients stare in shock. Still holding the dead man up by the neck, the devil looks briefly down at the cluttered desk seeing the charts and files strewn about. One chart with red highlight stands out:	 
CAUTION*STOVER, JACK*POLICECUSTODY*ROOM#607
The Man in Black starts to laugh, the sound distorted and awful. “Oh, how you watch over your lost child!” he ca ckles maniacally, arching his back and roaring. Turning his attention back to the frozen bystanders in the silent hallways, he promises, “You are all going to die.” He throws the dead man across the room into an elderly doctor. His skin turns a translucent obsidian color, allowing a partial view of the musculature beneath. Bones break, reshape, and grow. The man, the creature, falls to its knees and howls in anguish as pain racks its body. His skin becomes solid jet black, swollen with bulging muscle. Massive bone growths sprout over the thing’s head and limbs. Fingers elongate, becoming wicked talons. Where there were once two, now there are four glossy black eyes. Its face extends outwards into the shape of a snout, mouth filling with rows of keen teeth. The beast drools and shakes its body as both legs bend backward, reshaping into powerful hindquarters. A vicious tail erupts from the base of the spine and lashes about in the steaming air.
On all fours, the creature can move faster and strike harder. The beast has felt Drake’s presence in the city for the last few weeks. It knows its old nemesis is close and can taste him in the air. The entire area around the nurses’ station is taken up by the villain’s hulking form. Its muscles bulge and flex as it lunges forward, bounding down the hospital’s cramped hallways searching for Jack’s room.
An unlucky older woman falls into the path of the monstrosity. The creature stops and sniffs at her shaking form. It lives for the fear it inspires in people and enjoys the delicate bouquet of their terror almost as much as it savors the taste of their flesh. The living nightmare roars and lowers its head to feast upon the easy prey. It smells the older woman as she hides her face against the hospital floor in fear. Opening its mouth slowly, it takes the last step towards its victim.
“Stand away, foul Denizen!” Drake’s voice fills the hallway with so much sound and fury the beast is taken aback. While it is distracted, Drake has time to strike with a short sword. The monster takes the blow on the shoulder. The blade bites deep into ebony flesh, but as soon as the wound opens, it starts to close. The sword begins to rust and decay at an alarming rate. Drake drops the now useless weapon and charges the beast with only bare hands. The creature leaps instinctively backward, focusing four hate-filled eyes on its ancient foe.
Drake stands between the beast and the fallen older woman. He looks unassuming, but the monster knows better. It has fought this human before and lost. Backing away quickly, it flees down the hallway. A cacophony of mayhem and bloodshed follows in the wake of the Denizen as it tears through the hospital. Drake pursues to the best of his ability. The destruction and speed the beast can command give it a decided advantage. Even as he gives chase, Drake cannot shake the feeling something is wrong as he runs towards the emergency exit stairwell.
After leaping up an emergency stair landing, the beast arrives on the sixth floor. Its fangs are dripping with saliva, its breath ragged. Its strength and speed give it a five-story lead over the traitor known as Drake. Exploding through a stairway exit door, it staggers, tripping over itself before getting back to its feet and barreling down the hall towards Kraveetz, Speedwell, Rose, and Jason.
Kraveetz is closest, and the horror lunges towards the doorframe the veteran officer stands in. Jumping back into the hospital room to avoid being crushed, he reaches out instinctively to protect Speedwell, bringing her tumbling with him. They both crash into medical equipment filling the room as the doorway frame tears away with a swipe of the monster’s massive claws. Its eyes are filled with death itself as it gallops towards Jason and Rose.
The stench of sulfur and rot assaults Rose as the monster charges. The terror of the Denizen seems to slow time, and she can feel so many things. Her heart skips a beat, stuttering as the thing from some horror-filled dreamscape charges towards her. She fears for Jason, feeling utterly helpless to save him, and freezes in place.
While Rose stands frozen in death’s shadowy stare, Jason senses something. A vacuous space opens up deep inside, consuming his fear and turning his heart to stone in his chest. He is a gentle giant, but the pain, the pain of so many years of abuse, so many years of losing loved ones, not understanding why bad things kept happening, all the rage and all the hate he has never released come pouring out.
Jason squares his shoulders and steps in front of Rose to shield her. He bellows, the sound full of torment, riding an ocean of pain that shakes the walls of the hospital.
The Denizen continues to barrel onward, but for a brief moment, only a second before it overtakes the two humans, it feels something it has not felt in a long time: fear. The dread shoots through the beast’s body like lightning. It hesitates in its stride, but Jason does not waver. He does not balk, and when the creature falters, he leaps forward to meet it with open arms. The Denizen impacts into his upper body and comes to a halt, but not immediately.
Jason is pushed back a small distance by the force of the collision. Nevertheless, in that short space, he clips Rose’s shoulder and sends her spinning to the hospital floor. While he wrestles to hold the beast, he catches a glimpse of the woman that has been a mother to him lying very still. Seeing Rose hurt pulls at the very core of his being. He feels his blood burn like fire in his veins. He lets out a ragged scream that makes the monster rear up onto its hind legs. As it rises onto its haunches, Jason spins on his heel and surges forward with a strength that can move a mountain or bend a river. Grappling the beast and twisting, he uses the weight and momentum of the monster to throw it down the hallway. The Denizen sails over Rose, crashing into several empty hospital beds lining the hallway.
Stunned by Jason’s display of strength, the beast staggers back to its feet, then runs, accelerating around the corner leading to room 607.
****
Jack lays strapped down to the hospital bed. After his fight with Kraveetz and the other officers, he stopped speaking. He lies perfectly still, swimming in the dark oblivion of thoughts and feelings, alone and lost.
Dressed in a blue hospital gown, he is heavily medicated, but still awake and able to think. Leather restraints keep his legs and wrists from moving more than a couple of inches in any direction. He lies there trapped in a memory playing on a loop, feeling a piece of him die repeatedly, and knowing he will never see Lily again. The ache of not getting to say goodbye. The shame of not being able to protect her. These and so many fragmented torturous thoughts plague him. His emotions move from extremes and beyond until growing festering hate takes root in his heart.
He does not hear the door as it opens.
“Hello, Jack,” The sound of the Man in Black’s voice fills the room like the rustling of dry autumn leaves.
For the few moments the door is open, the sound of screaming and chaos flows from behind the Man in Black. The fiend’s body is human again, eyes still holding chilling darkness.
The skin on Jack’s arms grows cold, and he forces his eyes shut for a moment. Thoughts of Lily consume him. Thinking about the ring box when he fell to the pavement, the boiling rage inside comes to the surface, and he wants nothing more than to be free of his bonds.
“Jaaacckkkk,” the Man in Black says in a sick hiss.
“I’m going to kill you,” The young man whispers into the frigid air. He opens his eyes, and the Man in Black stands at the foot of the hospital bed. Loose threads and tattered edges of cloth make the black suit look old and worn. The man’s face is blank, except his eyes. No light reflects off them as they stare into the very core of Jack. The sound of crashing instruments and the shouting of an angry older man just outside the door grows louder.
The Man in Black stands perfectly still, staring with those dead eyes. He nods, letting a small grin part his face. “See you at home,” he promises before running towards the room’s only window.
As Kraveetz and the others make it into the room, the window explodes outwards, and the Man in Black is gone. The freezing night air blows in through the jagged opening.
“We have to follow him!” Jack shouts, struggling against his bonds. Speedwell nods and starts to move towards the bed to untie the restraints.
Kraveetz stays her off by raising a hand, “Follow who, Jack?”
“The Man in Black, he’s going to my old house on Danyon Street. We have to go now.”
Kraveetz looks over his shoulder to Drake. “Any objections?”
The federal agent stares at Jack with a look of reverence and awe. He cannot take his eyes off him, and struggles to find his voice. “No, I just need to come with you.”
Kraveetz eyes the federal agent suspiciously; the way he looks at Jack bothers him. “You’re acting kind of squirrely. You sure you’re up to some real police work?” he asks seriously.
Drake tears his gaze away for a moment. “I’m all right. I’m just relieved we made it here in time.”
Somewhere in his gut, Kraveetz knows Drake is leaving something out. “All right then. You got a car?”
“Of course,”
Kraveetz nods then moves to untie Jack from the hospital bed. Speedwell follows his lead, releasing the young man’s legs from their bonds.
“Jack’s with me. Speedwell, you and the agent take his car and lead the way to the old house on Danyon Street. I’ll radio for backup to meet you there.”
Kraveetz leads the small party out of the hospital. Before leaving, he makes sure to stop and see that Rose is going to be all right. The attending nurse says the older woman is in shock, and she will need observation overnight. Jason hovers nearby, keeping watch as she rests. With Rose in the caring hands of her colleagues, Kraveetz and Jack go to the hospital parking lot and then speed off towards Danyon Street. Speedwell and Drake will arrive there a few minutes before them.
The Investigator
A lone man wearing a khaki trench coat walks in just after the business opens and sits down on the last stool at the end of the bar. He is five foot eleven and a solid one hundred ninety pounds. Underneath the trench coat, he wears an off-white dress shirt, an old watch, worn suit slacks, and a red tie. A private investigator by trade, a well-worn leather briefcase rests on the floor near him.
Ordering a single shot of whiskey, the man sits quietly as the bar’s few regular customers trickle in. Staring straight ahead, he says nothing after ordering the drink. His face puts him somewhere in his mid-forties. The hard set of his jaw and slightly pronounced brow gives a perpetually pensive glare. Broad-shouldered, most people would see him and think of a brawler. Even in the dim bar light, his eyes seem to glow with vivid intensity, like two pieces of a dark forest with irises ringed in gold. As time goes on the noise level rises a few notches. A loud group of locals plays several games of pool on the establishment’s only table. After too many drinks and boasting, voices rise and glass shatters. The fight moves outside, and the rest of the evening passes by without incident.
The heavens above the desert open for a few hours. It will be the only rainfall for the next few months. The air smells like moist dust and moldering lumber. The leaking roof forms small puddles on the old wooden floor. The trickling of water and the sound of pouring rain on the metal roof fill the space. The thunderstorm finally abates. Except for the investigator and the owner, the bar has been empty for the past hour. The moonlight presses against the windows, casting baleful shadows. The only other light comes from the three low-watt lamps spaced evenly and hanging several feet above the bar. The owner of the establishment reads the day’s newspaper under one of the lamps. A fit older man, his skin is heavily lined by too many days spent out in the desert sun. After so many years, he still looks forward to two things: a glass of twelve-year-old scotch just within arm’s reach and reading about the events of the world every night before closing.
The bar owner lets out a sigh as he finishes reading. He folds the paper and straightens himself up. Lower back aching from standing all night, he winces as pain shoots up his right leg as he takes a step. Caring only about the late hour and his tired body, he says, “All right, partner, what say we call it a night?” The strange customer in the trench coat has only to stand up and leave.
The light at the end of the bar above the investigator burns out, shrouding him in darkness. The moonlight casts a harrowing glow as he turns his head slightly to regard the older man. The bar owner cannot move, as recognition holds him fast. Some long-forgotten places in the back of his mind are sparking and lighting with memory.
The quiet investigator’s eyes begin to brighten with an inner light. His lips part just barely as he whispers, “Betrayer.”
The spark in the bar owner’s mind withers and blows out like a candle in a storm of darkness, and he begins to transform. Body staying in place but no longer frozen, the exposed flesh of his hands, wrists, neck, and face seem to flow and darken. Lips pull tight as the beast cocks its’ head in an avian gesture. In a language as old as the stars, the Denizen utters a prophecy in a voice so deep it rumbles like tectonic plates shifting, “Your betrayal is in your failure to understand that you are only dust.”
Its body continues to transform, its ebony eyes appearing as extinguished stars. A terrifying wind starts sweeping through the dilapidated bar as the fiend rumbles grimly, “Emboldened failure marks your kind, so sayeth the great light at the end of all things.”
The bar lamps twist in the baleful wind, casting crazed shadows as they play across the face of the ancient Denizen lord. Its nose extends and hardens into a black, gleaming beak. Dark stains pool under its white shirt, spilling out around the edges in a flow of black feathers. The flood gate opens, and the bar owner’s shirt explodes in a whirl of onyx wings. The monster finishes its metamorphosis, its terrible form resembling some blend of raven and man standing upright. The Denizen takes a step forward, cruel talons piercing and gripping the wooden bar floor as it moves. “To fail to protect your false king shows his fallibility and yours. Know your place and worship the god that stands before you!” the fiend screeches.
The primordial winged terror is only halfway down the bar from where the investigator sits. He stares straight ahead, unwilling to meet the nightmare’s eyes. When the investigator finally speaks, a purpose and calmness bespeaking volumes of his power and strength can be heard over the din. “The king was a great man. You are nothing but a beast. You and your kind are not gods, only monsters to be slain.”
The enraged Denizen lord screeches in a terrible cacophony of anger. Every window, glass, and bottle in the bar explodes. “Fear is the greatest weapon in any world. And I serve its master!” the horror exclaims. Snapping its beak, it leaps forward. Dark wings spread outward and beat down once, adding a terrible speed to its coming. The Denizen now upon him, its beak aims for the heart in a killing stroke that should surely find its mark. But when the beak thrusts forward for the kill, the man no longer sits on the barstool. The investigator appears to move outside of time’s grasp, stepping backward off the seat while taking hold of a large blade sheathed at his waist. Rotating the weapon around, he pierces the monster through the ribs. The steel plunges into the villain’s black heart. The wind swirling around the bar dies instantly. The raven Denizen stands impaled by the blade, appearing as a sinister statue hewn from stone made of nightmare.
The investigator speaks, “I have slain you, and so you must answer me this: WHERE IS THE KING’S SON!?” He screams into the dying Denizen’s face. A death rattle and the sound of the blade hissing as it dissolves fill the space.
The monster gives its deathbed confession. “You must give me something in return for my service. Give me your name so I can wait for you in the shadowlands.”
Without fear, the investigator answers the demon’ question, “Peter.”
“The person you seek, is in Edge City,” the beast’s body shudders as it fights to live for a few more seconds. “But you are too late, the prince will soon be gone. He will fulfill my master’s dark designs. You have failed.” Viscous liquid flows from the wound, spattering across the floor. Rapidly, its massive form dissolves to nothing but a pile of ash on the worn planks of the bar floor.
The hanging lights still sway gently as Peter leaves. Walking quickly outside, without breaking step, he swings a leg over the seat of a matte black motorcycle. Its throaty engine rumbles to life. The rear tire spits dirt and rock as it finds purchase. The bike tears off into the night, racing towards his only hope to change the course of events, unbeknownst to him, set in motion eons ago.
The moist desert air carries a chill as he opens the throttle, and the iron horse screams through the night. He can see everything; his sight so sharp he notices every crack and piece of debris in the road. The blazing headlamp forges through the beautiful emptiness of the desert, heading towards the glowing horizon of a city that rarely sleeps. Time quickly passes on the journey, and his mind continues to race at what the Denizen told him.

Homecoming
The police cruiser speeds along with Kraveetz at the wheel as Jack sits in the passenger seat. Neither of them speaks; both listen to the radio for Speedwell to update them on how close they are to Danyon Street. The hospital is forty minutes across the city from the old house. Kraveetz lights up a cigarette to pass the time. He keeps the lit butt between his lips as he pushes the automatic window button. The driver’s side window opens a crack, and the smoke trails out as icy wind billows into the speeding cruiser.
Jack has not spoken since the hospital. He sits in the passenger seat mesmerized by the passing streetlights, staring out with an unnerving look on his face.
Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea, Kraveetz thinks to himself. Shaking the thought away, he continues driving through the deluge outside. The lights of the city flash by as the rain pounds noisily on the police cruiser. The water cascades down the windshield, wiper blades struggling to give passing moments of clarity through the raging storm. Jack’s eyes are hypnotized by the streaking raindrops of light, constantly moving and shifting as they travel across the window.
“Jack, I want you to stay in the car.”
The young man does not respond. He keeps staring out of the passenger side window.
Kraveetz always keeps a spare set of clothes in the back of his patrol vehicle. Jack has ditched the hospital gown and now wears a black t-shirt, tactical pants, combat boots, and an edge city ‘Police’ jacket.
After a minute, Kraveetz is about to repeat the request to remain in the vehicle, when the younger man nods his head., “I’ll stay in the car, Sarge,” he says, voice clouded and distant.
At first, Jack had been enraged and determined to hunt the Man in Black down. Now, with time to wait, a growing emptiness threatens to overwhelm him. He remembers the last moments before the medics and Kraveetz arrived.
****
Back in the alley, Jack passed out for a short time. He woke with his face lying against the freezing damp pavement. Propping himself up, he looked around quickly for Lily. His head swam at the sudden movement, causing his vision to blur, but he found her lying close to him.
Jason was sobbing and holding Donnie in his arms several yards away.
Jack ignored the large man’s whimpering form and made his way to Lily. He wiped the mud from her face. The rain started again and pounded relentlessly on the young couple. There was not much light, but he remembered the vividness of her dress, torn and muddied. He recalled crying out, trembling and shaking with rage at the inability to help her.
Jack held Lily, doing his best to keep her comfortable. He ran his hand through her hair and closed his eyes to pray. Unable to remember much after this, he did recall being startled when someone tried to take Lily out of his arms. He remembered fighting, Kraveetz yelling, and then everything went quiet.
Something bumps into his foot, distracting him. He reaches to the floorboards and grasps a wooden riot baton Kraveetz keeps in the vehicle. He holds the baton as the squad car’s radio squawks to life. “This is 26 Bravo, S-3 we are on scene with one at gunpoint.” Speedwell’s voice sounds edgy and nervous.
Kraveetz yanks the radio receiver from its cradle on the dashboard, “S-3 copy, be there in five,” he barks, then slams the microphone back in its cradle.
With a push of a few buttons, the patrol vehicle's lights and sirens scream to life as Kraveetz’s foot hammers down on the accelerator. Jack stares out the passenger side window as the car rapidly accelerates and decelerates, slaloming through turns. The sounds of the engine whining up and down fill the car. The radio is quiet for what seems like forever.
With only a minute of driving left, the radio comes to life, “Officer down! Officer down 1400 block of Danyon Street. I need help now!” Speedwell’s voice screams across the radio.
Jack grasps the riot baton with both hands as Kraveetz takes a moment to look away from the road, “You’re going to stay in the car, right Jack?” The question sounds like a command.
Kraveetz remembers instructing Speedwell and Jack about when there is a call for an officer down, and how they needed to keep their heads about them. Underneath the memory, he feels a terrible fear of what they are driving into.
His apprehension quickly washes away as the radio squawks to life again, “No! Get the fuck off me!” The sound of a struggle and Speedwell yelling at her attacker is gone as quickly as it came, and the radio goes quiet again.
Kraveetz rounds the corner onto Danyon Street. The patrol car’s rear wheels lose traction for a moment; the sound of squealing tires fills the car. Halfway down the block, there are three patrol cars parked in the middle of the street. Kraveetz and Jack cannot see anything past the glare of the flashing emergency lights. Accelerating and then braking hard brings the car to a jarring halt. Kraveetz is out in a flash, rapidly assessing the scene. Jack follows close behind, riot baton in hand.
Three Edge City police officers lie on the pavement, all of them bleeding from various wounds, either unconscious or dead. In the center of the street is the Man in Black. He holds Speedwell aloft by the throat with one arm as if she weighs nothing. She is unconscious, her body dangling limply in the monster’s grasp. Drake is standing off to the right of the Man in Black, mouth moving as he says something inaudible. Kraveetz’s heart thunders in his chest, the rage at seeing Speedwell hurt driving him mad. He does not care if he wins the fight. If he lives or dies tonight, he will save Speedwell and protect Jack.
With gun drawn, Kraveetz aims at the Man in Black. As if sensing his intent, the monster moves Speedwell in front of him like a shield. Kraveetz cannot take a shot. He lowers the gun. “Fuck it!” And with that, he charges towards the Man in Black.
Kraveetz has only moved a foot before he is pulled backward, thrown off his feet. He lands with a heavy thud against one of the parked patrol vehicles. The impact knocks the wind out of him, and he loses consciousness for a few seconds. Waking, he sees something he does not understand and will remember the rest of his life. Getting groggily to his feet, he can see Jack standing ten feet away from the Man in Black. The man, the monster, still holds Speedwell by the throat. He is smiling at Jack and saying something Kraveetz cannot hear at this distance. Drake stands motionless just off to the side, head facing the ground. He weeps with his gun held ineffectually at his side.
Deciding Drake is useless, Kraveetz finds his gun and moves towards the Man in Black, hoping for a clear shot. As he gets closer, he can see Jack standing there with shoulders slumped forward, eyes glazed over and mouth hanging slightly open.
The Man in Black is saying something Kraveetz can only catch pieces of. “…so after this protector left your mother to die, he gave you over to me, hoping I would spare his insignificant life.” Looking at Drake as he speaks, he pays no attention to Kraveetz.
“Jack” Kraveetz calls from a few feet away. However, the young man cannot answer; all he can do is listen to the sound of Lily repeatedly screaming in his mind. He stands transfixed by what the Man in Black is saying, the rest of the world lost to him.
Closer still, Kraveetz makes out more of the conversation. “…Jack, I love you more than him,” the Man in Black says, nodding his head sardonically towards Drake. Finally, he notices Kraveetz.
“And what is this old man? You think you are going to stop me with your little toy?” The man’s eyes bleed from black to arterial red. Kraveetz does not even blink as the veteran cop sights down the barrel of the gun.
“Jack, I need you right now, son. Speedwell needs you. Don’t listen to this son of a bitch. Whatever he’s told you, don’t listen,” Kraveetz yells at his friend.
As he finishes his plea, he squeezes the trigger. The shot rings out like a thunderclap in the night. The streetlights are all out on Danyon Street. The muzzle flash is as bright as a lightning strike, and a fraction of a moment later, the shot finds its mark. Thrown from his feet, the Man in Black’s head snaps backward. Falling, he releases the grip on Speedwell, her limp body collapsing to the pavement. Kraveetz is by her side in an instant, clutching her in his arms and keeping the gun trained on the Man in Blacks sprawling form. He saw the round strike the man in the forehead. Kraveetz’s rational mind knows the monster should not be moving at all. To his utter and unbelievable shock, the Man in Black gets back on his feet.
“You know what I like best about humans? The way you taste!” His voice hisses out through clenched teeth, like scalding steam escaping from overpressured pipes. The impact hole in his forehead oozes a viscous black liquid. The wound is severe, and in the strobing darkness, Kraveetz can see it closing right before his eyes. He does the only thing he knows how to do. Laying Speedwell's body gently down onto the pavement, he starts squeezing the trigger. Each round flies true and finds its mark somewhere on the Man in Black’s body.
The booming crashes of the firearm strike out against the silence of the night. The light from the muzzle flashes, accompanying the cacophony, illuminates the entire scene. Each shot is a blinding crash of brilliance as the weapon pushes the ancient monster further back. The Man in Black tries to charge forward, even though every bolt and thunderclap of the sidearm forces him backward. The Denizen’s rage comes out in choking roars and sputtering curses. The look of madness on the monster’s face causes Kraveetz to feel a burning coldness down in his very core, a righteous fury as he punishes the beast before him.
Once the magazine is empty, Kraveetz lets the gun fall to the ground. It is not going to stop the monster. The wise older man stands his ground, balling both hands into fists as the Man in Black roars, charging forward. The sound of the bellow is like nothing on this Earth. Kraveetz sees the world in a soundless slow motion for the last few seconds he has to live. Drake finally starts moving into action. The Man in Black’s face changes and distends into a gaping maw of teeth.
A faint glow of white light comes from behind Kraveetz. The light is growing exponentially in brilliance as he faces the Man in Black. The monster is only a few feet from him now. Drake will never make it in time. Seeing this is the end, Kraveetz decides to go out of this world like the warrior he is. Letting out a battle cry, he leaps the last few feet forward to meet the Man in Black.
As their two bodies fly towards one another, only inches from colliding, Kraveetz is knocked hard to the ground and away from the Man in Black’s path. He flies backward, landing hard on the pavement near Speedwell, as a light brighter than anything he has ever seen explodes into life.
Jack’s eyes illuminate the night like two twin stars. He holds the Man in Black by the wrists as the monster thrashes and hisses. The young man's face looks peaceful, reflecting no emotion, “Denizen, it is time for you to leave this world,” he says, with a voice filled with otherworldly power resonating through the air.
Through the blazing brilliance, the Man in Black smiles in triumph. “I couldn’t show you what you need to know in this place. I tried, but fate intervened. Now we can go there together, and you will see that Lily never mattered. It’s time, Jack!” the Denizen screams.
“Don’t look away from him!” Drake yells from close behind. However, it is too late. This part of the Man in Black’s plan has succeeded. The power in Jack’s eyes dims and flickers as the shattered remains of his heart scream out in unknowable agony at the mention of Lily, and the pain overwhelms him. The Man in Black has created this moment and surges forward with all of his strength. Jack stumbles, the Man in Black falls with him, and Drake is there to catch them both. When the three of them collide, an explosion of blue, red, and gold lightning erupts, filling Danyon Street.
****
Kraveetz eventually regains consciousness, lying on the icy pavement, his head resting in someone’s lap. That same someone is running a hand gently through his hair. Opening his eyes, he sees the stars in the night sky above. He lies still for a few moments taking in the beauty and serenity of the cosmos.
“Hey, you,” a soft voice says.
Craning his neck, he sees Speedwell’s face looking down at him. Her eyes hold the vacant look of someone in shock.
“What happened?” he asks groggily.
Her mind moves slowly. She pauses a moment, then shakes her head gently, not knowing what to say. The bruising on her neck stands out angrily against her fair skin. “I don’t know. I woke up, and you were lying there on the pavement. All I can remember is that asshole strangling me, and thinking I was going to die.” Her voice comes out a hoarse distant whisper as tears start to pour down her cheeks.
“Gale, what is it, what’s wrong?” he asks, concern for her well-being overwhelming him in his weakened state.
“They are all gone: Jack, the Man in Black and Drake. I thought you were dead when I saw you lying here, and Jack was gone…” Her voice trailing off, she wipes the tears from her face. “…I felt so alone and scared, I had lost you both. I thanked God when I saw you were still alive.” For a moment, the vacant look fades as she smiles down at her closest friend.
Seeing her smile, Kraveetz asks, “Where are they now?”
Looking up at the night sky, Speedwell answers gently, “I don’t know.”
Book II: 
The Denizen Horde
● ACT IV ●
Speedwell and Kraveetz
Emergency responders arrive shortly, and the medics do their job. Kraveetz has a mild concussion, some cracked ribs, and an injury to the left rotator cuff. Speedwell has bruising around her neck and is otherwise physically able-bodied.
Kraveetz waves the medics off as they insist both officers go to the nearest hospital for further evaluation. Speedwell never leaves his side and patiently stands by, waiting for him to speak. Glancing in her direction, he nods subtly. She understands enough to follow the old sergeant as he walks away from the medics. Along with the two ambulances and one fire engine, there are several Edge City police patrol cars at the scene. The officers they belong to are still interviewing witnesses who were woken by the shooting and the bright flash of light. On every lawn, people in nightwear watch the spectacle of so many emergency vehicles on their street.
Kraveetz walks briskly to a patrol car not hemmed in by other vehicles. He gets in the driver’s seat without breaking step. Speedwell pauses for only a moment and then follows her mentor’s lead, taking the passenger seat. They leave Danyon Street and accelerate quickly away.
The minutes pass, and still, Kraveetz does not speak. The sound of the patrol car’s motor accelerating and then decelerating rapidly at intersections fills the silence. The suburbs quickly give way to the highway and then an off-ramp leading into the city proper. The roadways are not yet crowded with early morning commuters. After a time, Speedwell recognizes they are driving back to Our Lady of Mercy Hospital. Worrying about Kraveetz’s concussion, she asks, “What are we doing, Sarge?”
“When I woke up, you told me Jack, Drake, and that fucking monster dressed in black were gone. It took me a while to think of what to do next.” He answers in a calm, sure tone, never taking his eyes off the road.
A passing look of confusion crosses her face. “What are you talking about?”
“We’re going back to the hospital for answers.”
“But who’s gonna—” she starts to ask before he interrupts her.
“Jason Graves. Donnie Graves’s brother, Lily’s murderer, and the only person that is connected to all this.” He shakes his head as the words trail off. Speedwell nods slowly to herself as comprehension takes hold, and the car continues speeding through the city streets.

End of the Line
After riding through the night, a dark halo of rain looms up in the skyline as Peter nears the city, soaking him in a freezing slurry. Drenched, he makes his way to the South Side streets and a rundown, three-story office building. The windows on the lowest floor have been boarded up, and the elevator has not worked in years. Humid from the rain, the air stinks of mildew. The light from a third-floor window affords a view of an adjacent rundown bar and overlooks the alley where he parks the motorcycle..
Private Investigator is printed in black lettering on the frosted glass of a door at the end of a long hallway. Peter swings the door open on well-oiled hinges. The room is sweltering. The interior is minimal in its furnishings: an old oak desk, lamp, some chairs, a threadbare couch, and a coat rack with an extra shirt. The rack also holds a worn leather shoulder holster rig. He takes off the saturated trench coat and throws it over a chair used for customers. Quickly dropping the worn leather briefcase on the desk, he takes off his shirt and moves to open the room’s only window. The night air rushes in, offering a respite from the trapped humidity in the building. Eyes closing, he lets the fresh draft wash over him, clearing his mind.
Somewhere in the adumbral streets below, a woman cries out in a piercing wail. The fading cry giving witness to another violent act of this city on the edge of oblivion.
The woman is yelling for help. Peter leans out the window, trying to discern her location. Another voice, far away, shouts a command, “Leave her alone!” Following swiftly, the sound of gunshots fills the air and echoes through the alley like a resounding note from a funeral march. Part of him wants to go off into the night, but a feeling of ambivalence assails him, and he turns his attention to finding an address. He crosses the room, unbuttoning the soaking dress shirt. Taking the clean shirt from the coat rack, fastening several buttons, he begins shrugging on the shoulder rig. He finishes adjusting the straps and unsnaps the .357 Magnum to inspect the weapon. Checking the round in the chamber, and with a satisfying click of the cylinder, he returns it to the holster.
The woman’s screams have ceased, and the noise of a drunk crashing around in the alley below fills the space.
Sitting down at the desk, he spills the contents of the leather briefcase across it: statements, photos, and clippings of the case he has been working on for years. He reaches into a desk drawer for a pack of cigarettes. Taking one out and lighting it, he studies over the items for several minutes.
Smoke from the overfilled ashtray on the desk hangs heavy in the air. Peter has been working as a private investigator for over twenty years, and that life is almost over. The Man in Black controlled so much and was always one step ahead of his efforts. It took him years to find the Denizen in the desert. Longer still, he had spent building a life and searching this world for the king’s lost son, and now he is close. Pondering the night’s events, the minutes pass away until he comes across the address of a nightclub in uptown Edge City that turned out to be a dead end. He knows if anyone in the city has more information about the prophecy, the club’s owner will be the best place to start.
A simple twenty-block drive takes more time than it should, Peter arrives just after 02:00 am. The back alley to the club is dark and dank. The sound of drunks snoring and hookers making cash trickles through the air. Creeping, he edges cautiously around dumpsters. Without touching any detritus, he creeps silently towards the club’s rear entrance, which some thoughtful employee has left ajar.
Inside the club, the dull glow of cheap neon illuminates the place. In the dim, a man is cleaning glasses behind the main bar. As Peter comes into view, the man starts to reach for something. Without saying a word, the investigator opens his trench coat enough to show the gun in the shoulder holster. He shakes his head slowly from side to side. The other man understands and brings empty hands gradually out from underneath the bar.
Peter moves to stand before him. “Where?” he whispers.
The man’s eyes look up and to the left. Following the man’s gaze, Peter sees a flight of stairs leading to a V.I.P. lounge. The bartender raises both hands, keeping them in front of him, and backs away until out of sight.
Peter makes his way to the stairs unchallenged. Moving to the upper level, he spots the club owner on a raised seating area along the back wall. The owner is a bald, clean-shaven man who looks like he is in his mid-fifties sitting on a high-backed, leather couch. He wears an expensive white button-down shirt, white slacks, and a pair of overpriced sunglasses. There is a large pile of cocaine on the glass table before him. With him sit three scantily clad women who have come for the after-hours party. Two large, muscular bouncers wearing matching black, Italian cut business suits stand at attention on either side of the couch. They start moving as Peter crests the stairwell.
The stupid son of a bitch is wearing sunglasses indoors, he smirks, as the thought comes to mind.
The club’s owner stops laughing and talking with the three women when he sees his security guards start to move. Seeing Peter, he smiles and gestures to the bouncers to halt. The two large men stay perfectly still as Peter walks up to stand before him. With only the glass table separating them, the club owner leans back into the couch and rests his arms in the laps of the women on either side, “Well?” he asks.
“You know why I’m here.” Peter’s voice is full of confidence. He raises a hand and points at the two muscled suits. “You should tell them to back off before they hurt themselves.”
A subtle nod from the club owner and the two bodyguards go for the guns strategically concealed beneath their jackets. One of them gets his suit jacket halfway open before the first bullet hits him in the chest. Between the two of them, they take four rounds, Peter perfectly placing the handmade munitions in their hearts. Blue, pink, red, and yellow lights dance across their cooling bodies, as the three women flee in terror.
Peter pulls up a chair from a nearby table, sits down, and lights a cigarette. “So now that we’ve moved past that unpleasantness, tell me what you know about the prince.” He keeps his gun aimed at the club owner’s head as he smokes.
The other man pauses for a long moment. Peter is known as “Death” among the Denizen and the Nauthlings. The club owner smiles as if without a care in the world. He takes off his sunglasses to stare with twin pitch-black eyes that do not reflect any of the club lights—more men in suits bound up the stairwell to come to their master’s aid. Peter never gets an answer to his question; instead, he is beaten and broken, then left in the alley outside the club for dead.

Bolivar’s Lair
The morning sun throws its rays over a cloudless Edge City skyline. The air holds a deep chill, at odds with the early light reflecting off the glass high rises in the downtown. Several roadways are flooded from the rains the night before. It’s an eerily quiet time of day. Few people are on the streets. Only a handful of minimum wage workers are up and about; collecting trash, getting ready to open stores, and delivering papers. The city continues to wake, and the trickle of humanity becomes a steady stream of business types stopping for a morning coffee and heading to the office.
In the penthouse of the tallest building, the monster known as Anthony Bolivar has not slept since learning of his son’s death. The Denizen lord's rage has destroyed whole floors of his downtown high rise.
A night-shift janitor named Bill will never get to go on his third date with a single mother named Nancy. A young business executive named David will never see the promotion he has been chasing. Both men arrived early to start their day and suffered the attentions of Bolivar. They could not have known the terror that awaited them. Neither Bill nor David will have their stories go further than today.
After killing the two innocent men, Anthony Bolivar’s wrath was far from spent. The night before, he summoned a kill team to find the people responsible for his son’s death and bring them to him. The team failed to check in or return with their quarry. Additional mercenaries went after Drake and his agents, and there is no word of their success or failure. As the hours' pass, only the crushing weight of uncertainty assaults him.
The penthouse office where Bolivar has chosen to unleash his wrath is unrecognizable. The furniture is splintered ruin, and broken glass covers the ground. The walls are torn in some places revealing steel support girders. Dust from pulverized artwork, drywall, and concrete floats in the still air. Two bodies torn asunder add a touch of bloody carnage to the destructive scene.
Bolivar kneels, panting, in the center of the space as a business suit-wearing peon steps out of the elevator. The young Denizen messenger stands outside the closing elevator doors, petrified by his lord’s wrath. He wears a tailor-made suit and carries a .40 caliber handgun slung under the right armpit in a shoulder rig. In a moment of hesitance, he has become the focus of his master’s seething attention.
Bolivar moves in a blur as he crosses the room. Before the young man can react, the other man’s hand is around his neck, lifting him off the ground. “REPORT!”
The messenger blanches in the face of Bolivar’s fury and stutters out, ‘The team is down; all members are dead.”
Bolivar’s eyes blaze like molten fire as the grip tightens. He is about to eat the foolish messenger as the elevator announces another visitor. The arrival chime is ironically delicate in a scene of so much devastation and slaughter. The dented and bloody elevator doors struggle to work. As the stainless-steel mechanisms screech open, the light inside the elevator goes out, shrouding its occupant in darkness. Bolivar stands silent, waiting to see what fool has entered his lair.
The morning sun’s light is blocked by automatic sunscreens that throw the room into a dim twilight. When the figure in the elevator emerges, a black void of darkness follows. As he steps into the destroyed penthouse, the shattered glass, broken furniture, and ravaged bodies are swallowed by the infernal night that seems to flow outward from his very presence. The figure strides forward, confident and unafraid. The man is cut from the fabric of the night sky, dressed in an all-black suit. And when the Man in Black stops before Bolivar, the darkness following him engulfs the entire penthouse. Only a small shaft of dim twilight illuminates both Bolivar and the Man in Black as they stand just feet apart.
“MY SON IS DEAD!” Bolivar roars, flinging the now asphyxiated messenger across the room. The young Denizen’s body impacts against the penthouse wall with a sickening wet crack. Forgetting his place and letting anger take control, he swings out with a huge fist. The Man in Black catches the fist in his hand with so much force a thunderclap of air pressure resounds through the darkened room. Whole-body trembling, he pushes with all his strength to no effect. The Man in Black stands there, holding the trapped fist in midair before he starts to squeeze.
Anthony Bolivar has never had a broken bone. As the Man in Black continues to apply an effortless yet monumental pressure, the hand shatters. Bolivar roars in pain and tries to pull away.
“Be still,” the Man in Black whispers. Bolivar stops screaming for a few moments, breath coming in deep, gulping gasps of pain as he forces himself to quiet. The Man in Black releases him, and he falls backward, crashing to the floor. The sounds of glass crunching, and pain-filled gasping, fill the room.
Satisfied, the Man in Black looks down at the wounded Denizen lord. “Now,” he says, and with that one word, the obscurity in the room starts receding. On the floor, Bolivar watches as the darkness returns impossibly into the Man in Black’s body.
“I brought you here to rule,” the Man in Black continues as he steps closer. “And do you know what you did?” he asks.
Bolivar’s eyes look at the floor, refusing to meet the Man in Black’s. As though Bolivar is standing still, the Man in Black flows towards him. Before Bolivar can react, he is staring into the most terrible face in existence. It is like looking into a black hole and finding it staring back at you.
The Man in Black leans down and wraps a scaly claw around Bolivar’s neck. With the barest of whispers, the Man in Black speaks. “I gave you a city. I even allowed you to keep your half-human sons.” Bolivar starts to tremble at the mention of his two bastard sons, Jason and Donnie.
“Do you know what you cost me?” The Man in Black stands tall as he roars, “DO YOU?” The boom of his voice is so deep it rattles the steel girder frame of the high rise, causing the penthouse windows to explode. Pieces of glass shower down onto the streets, cars, and people below.
Across the street from the building, a man enjoys an espresso while taking his only break during an eight-hour shift. The first of the broken glass sounds like hail falling across the street from where he sits. It glances off parked cars and sidewalks delicately at first. Then the larger chunks come. They fall like iron safes, and where they land, the property is pulverized. When a piece of glass splatters a pedestrian, the man snaps out of his momentary awe.
Outside the Penthouse, emergency sirens wail, but the Man in Black ignores them. The sound of the humans scurrying below emboldens Bolivar. Staring defiantly and mustering his inner strength, he seethes “I still want revenge on the human garbage who took my true son from me.”
The Man in Black pauses a moment considering all the pieces on the board. He contemplates how to keep the pawns moving towards their objectives, and after a few seconds, he is satisfied with how to proceed.
“I have a task for you,” the Man in Black says, taking a cell phone from his breast pocket. After a short call and several minutes of silence, the elevator dings again. The doors struggle to open. A henchman shoves Daisy, still handcuffed and disheveled, out into the penthouse proper. Without exiting the elevator, the henchman leaves.
“Take this one, and use her as bait,” the Man in Black instructs.
Bolivar’s confusion shows on his face.
The Man in Black lets out a sigh, patience failing, “Use your contacts in the Edge City Police Department. Put her name in their system, place her somewhere safe, and have your people watch over her. The officer who killed your son may be looking for her. If they come for her, you will have your revenge.”
Daisy hears all of this and rallies her courage. “You’re not going to use me! You’re worthless cowards, and when Donnie comes for me, he’ll kill you both.”
“Donnie? Who, my Donnie?” Bolivar asks, confused about who this woman is, and what her relationship is with his bastard son.
The Man in Black’s eyes focuses their terribleness on Daisy. Not used to disrespect, from anyone, a terrible smile forms on his lips, and without looking away from her, he answers Bolivar’s question. “This one was married to Donnie. However, that is not exactly true. You were married before, to another man, weren’t you?” At the mention of her abusive husband, Daisy remains silent.
“It would be a shame if someone notified your husband of your whereabouts.” He laughs, an awful choking sound resonating in an impossibly low register. The noise is so fundamentally wrong, both Bolivar and Daisy quietly pray he stops.
As the Man in Black finishes laughing, Daisy breaks down in tears as overwhelming memories of past trauma assail her.
Satisfied with his torment, the Man in Black turns attention back to Bolivar, “I have another job for you. Your life depends on keeping someone safe. I’m having my men retrieve her now. Put her in your vault; and Bolivar…” the tension is palpable as the Man in Black’s threat builds, “…if anything happens to her, I won’t kill you. I’ll bring your greatest fear to life, and trap you in your bestial form, keeping you as my loyal pet.”
Bolivar looks away, shaken to his core by the thought of such torment. Pleased with himself, the Man in Black smiles showing far too many teeth, and begins to laugh again.
Joining Forces
A pile of cardboard boxes and garbage has kept some of the night’s cold away. Peter rolls off the mound of trash and onto his knees. The sound of cars driving past on the street fills the alley. He tries, ineffectively, to brush off the grime on his soiled slacks. Struggling for a moment to get his bearings, he finds his trench coat torn and ruined. Balling it up, he throws it down to the wet ground. All he can think is, I have not always been this way.
He staggers down the dank city alleyway. Wounds from the previous night are healing rapidly, but the pain in his joints and body still scream in protest. Pushing through it, he keeps walking. The sky overhead is grey. The air smells of wet garbage and mold fighting against the freshness of the rain. Gaze dropping from the sky, he notices an object out of place: a high-heeled woman’s shoe, lying partially in a filthy puddle of dumpster water. Shuffling to it, thoughts processing what it can mean, the dark corners of his mind imagine something terrible has happened to its owner. He bends down next to the puddle and gently pulls the pump out of the water. It feels heavy, and he realizes the heaviness is not in the weight of the shoe but a tightness growing in his chest. Turning the pump over, he sees the heel is missing, and the sides scuffed.
“Help me,” moans the pile of trash next to Peter. He stands up, stepping over the puddle, broken shoe still in hand. A woman’s leg is sticking out amongst several garbage bags packed loosely against the alley wall. He moves quickly, pulling them off the woman.
She is young, in her early twenties. Her beautiful face and arms are bloody and bruised. She is lying there with her dress torn open and her naked abused body exposed to all the ugliness of the world. Peter recovers the remains of his trench coat to cover her as best he can. One of her eyes is completely swollen shut. The other eye is a bloodshot ruin betraying all the shock of the night before.
“It’s all right. I’m going to get you some help,” he says, standing up, looking around for anyone he can call out to for aid.
A fragile, shaking hand closes around his own. Turning, he looks down into the young woman’s eyes. “Please, don’t go,” she asks pleadingly. Nodding, he will not leave her side.
“She’s down this way, come on!” A young man and his two friends come into the alley from a nearby street. They are loud, still drunk, and moving with a quickness betraying their motivation. The three young men are rushing to where they left their prey from the night before. However, between them and her is a man. The man could easily be mistaken for a vagrant in his current state. As the three get closer, Peter takes a fighting stance. Standing to his full height, looking bloody, mean, and broken, he feels an awful unwavering rage as they come closer. The three young men should run in terror and never look back. Instead, they keep walking towards the woman. The first one smiles as he starts to say something smart, but the words never leave his lips.
****
Peter’s knuckles are raw from deflecting a knife while he fought. A wound to his right side bleeds but is starting to slow. He comes out of the alley tall and proud, carrying a woman he does not know. His gait is encumbered, as injured limbs struggle to match his righteous intent. He leaves behind in the alley the broken and dying forms of three young men who will never see another sunrise.
Walking to the nearest hospital, he recalls part of a poem from his childhood. ‘On a winter morning, death will come, and the last of the royal family shall return.’ Thinking on the memory, he carries the battered woman four city blocks to the nearest hospital, Our Lady of Mercy.
Nearing the hospital, Peter quickly crosses the busy morning street. Slowing his pace, he gently readjusts her in his arms. She trembles in shock, murmuring to herself.
An Edge City police cruiser pulls into the emergency vehicle parking area, usually reserved for ambulances, just as Peter moves across the parking lot. The cruiser’s occupants are an older male officer and a young female officer. Peter is only fifteen yards from the emergency room entrance. As the two officers exit the cruiser, they do not notice him. The automatic sliding doors open for the two officers and remain open as Peter steps into Our Lady of Mercy with the battered woman in his arms.
****
Within the hospital, Rose wakes from a dream she cannot remember. She looks up at the water-stained ceiling tiles of the nurses’ station, letting out a sigh over the night’s escapades.
Maintenance worked through the night to repair the damage. The door to the small break room is open, and, in the hallway, Rose can hear nothing but the strange, calm quiet that follows a traumatic experience. As if the old, tired hospital is a victim and, having lived through a horrible ordeal, is still in shock. In other areas of the building, a dull murmur of conversation and the clacking sound of fingers working half-awake over keyboards fills the nurses’ stations. The terror from the night before still hangs in the air, a dull tension clinging to everyone and everything.
Forcing herself into a sitting position on the small sofa, Rose reaches for a half-empty cup of coffee. Taking a drink of its chilled stale contents, the bitterness serves to shake the tiredness from her mind. Before she fell asleep, she put Jason in one of the empty patients’ suites on the same floor to monitor his injuries from fighting that thing in the hallway. The memory of the Man in Black in his bestial form sends a tremor down Rose’s spine. Her mind has not come to grips with the reality of what she saw. She thought she was going to die when the beast charged towards her. Something about Jason changed in that hallway. She saw his shoulders and arms bulge with a strength he had never possessed. He bested the beast in physical prowess, a feat which she knows was impossible.
Standing slowly, she pushes through the stiffness in her limbs and moves out of the nurses’ station to check on Jason.
As he sleeps, Jason dreams of another world, a world with red skies, strange vistas, and terrible monsters. He is at the edge of a high cliff overlooking a majestic gleaming pyramid. There is an old, blind man with coal-black skin waiting at the cliff’s edge. In the dream, Jason hears the words the ancient man whispers: “Protect the prince.”
Jason wakes with a start. Looking around, he sees Rose standing in the still-open doorway to the room.
“Jason, are you all right?” she asks, concerned by him startling awake.
“I’m better,” he replies, moving to sit upright in the hospital bed.
Rose shuts the door gently and walks across the room to sit on the edge of his bed, “Thank you for saving me,” she says softly.
Jason hears her words with a clarity he has never known. When he speaks, both he and Rose know something is drastically different with him.
“I love you, Rose.” he struggles to speak the words, “You’re so kind… and always looked after me…” voice choking as tears form.
“Jason, how are you talking like this? Are you in pain?”
“Rose, this is going to sound crazy, but when I touched that monster something changed. I was able to think more clearly, I…” he begins to answer, struggling to adjust to his newfound cognitive abilities.
Rose gets up from the bed, heart-pounding, and her head aching. She flusters, trying to rationalize what is happening, “I’ll get you up to imaging, you may have suffered a head injury, or there could be some swelling pushing on your brain.” Her mind is racing to explain what is happening with him.
Jason reaches out gently, taking hold of her hand.
“It’s all right. That monster somehow changed parts of me. I can’t explain it. Somehow, my mind is healing, and now…” He looks at the ground and remembers the last thing Donnie told him the night before. Reaching a hand into his pants pocket, he pulls out a folded piece of paper and opens it, the memory of his brother overwhelming him as he begins to read.
Dear Jason,
Little brother, I love you, and if you are reading this, then I am sorry I couldn’t be there for you anymore. I want you to know that leaving you in the city all those years was the hardest thing I ever had to do. Please understand that it was as much for your protection as for mine. There is something evil roaming around in this world, and if they knew about you, they would have hurt you to get to me. I came back and got you because one of these monsters has taken someone from me.
I met a woman while I was away, her name is Daisy, and I wish you could have met her. We fell in love, and have a life together. I don’t know his name, but a bad man took Daisy from me and made me come back to Edge City. He wears a dark suit and has terrible black eyes, if you ever see him just run, and don’t stop running until you get somewhere safe.
If you are reading this, then I’m probably dead. The woman I love, my Daisy, she’s still out there somewhere. I’m so sorry I couldn’t do more for you, that I couldn’t be a better brother for you. I want you to know that I love you.
Please take care of yourself, Jason. I left ten thousand dollars in the bathtub of your apartment. If you cannot understand this, or if Dr. Willows chooses not to read you this entire letter, please know that I love you, and I am sorry that I can’t be there for you.
Goodbye, Jason, you are the best brother I could have ever asked for. I love you,
---Donnie
Jason finishes reading the letter aloud and allows himself to cry. Rose moves closer, holding him until he is ready to talk. After a short time, he lifts his head off her shoulder. She looks at him with bloodshot, teary eyes. “Jason, it’s impossible that your brain has healed. Your injuries are permanent, and they are—”
He interrupts, “It’s not impossible because it’s happening. I’ve got to do right for Donnie.” Scanning the letter again, a new thought forms. “Daisy, she’s still out there.” Looking at Rose and feeling a pressure building inside of his body, he says “This thing that happened to me…” touching a hand to his head, “…it happened so I could help Donnie, it happened so I could—”
He sees a change in Rose’s posture. Her eyes go wide, and she opens her mouth to scream, but only a strangled, terrified noise escapes her throat. She pushes back from him, stumbling to the floor, not understanding what she is seeing. Feeling a deep, instinctual fear radiating out from her core, she finally lets loose with a scream.
“What is it? What’s wrong?!” Jason asks frantically.
“No, please stop!” Rose cries out in a frightened gasp as she throws up her hands defensively.
Jason feels sick satisfaction at seeing the display of terror. He registers pleasure; the feeling is instantly replaced with shame and confusion over what is happening. Getting up from the bed, he starts across the room towards her.
BOOM! The door to the room bursts open and Sergeant Kraveetz is there. He looks at Rose terrified on the ground. Looking from the frightened woman to Jason, Kraveetz’s eyes go wide, and his gun moves in a blur of motion aiming at Jason’s head.
“GET DOWN ON THE GROUND!” he roars. Speedwell enters right behind him and quickly follows suit, drawing her weapon. She shakes her head in disbelief at what she sees.
Jason puts his hands up at once. He feels confusion and then anger growing inside of him as he stares down the barrel of the two guns. Taking a deep breath, he forces himself to stay still and listen.
“Turn around and get on your knees!” Kraveetz commands. Jason turns around and prepares to kneel. Next to the bed stands a small vanity with a mirror attached to the wall. Seeing his reflection jars him to a standstill, mind refusing to understand what he sees. His face is the same scarred visage it has always been, but the eyes, his eyes are entirely black. A knot of terror grows inside of him. After another moment, he collapses to his knees and puts trembling hands high into the air in surrender. Kraveetz grabs one of Jason’s hands and handcuffs him, leaving him kneeling on the floor. Speedwell covers Jason as Kraveetz moves to check on Rose.
The shock of seeing Jason with solid ebony eyes is tremendous. However, the strangeness of the situation breaks when Kraveetz and Speedwell hear shouts and screams coming from the hallway outside the room. The two officers react instinctually. Their years of training with firearms and tactics take hold. Speedwell covers the left side with Kraveetz on the right.
“Will you be all right in here with him?” Kraveetz asks Rose.
Shaking her head in the negative, she is still too shocked to answer. Kraveetz does not wait for her to answer, and opens the room’s door a crack, peeking out into the hallway when Jason speaks up, “I can help,” he offers, voice hoarse and choked full of emotion.
Kraveetz pauses for a moment and, without looking away from the hallway, asks, “Why should I trust you?” The question hangs in the air for a pregnant pause.
“Because...” Jason’s mind and body are growing stronger. Flexing his arms and shoulders, the chain between the handcuffs strains for a second then snaps apart. Both Speedwell and Kraveetz spin around to face him. He stands up slowly with both hands out at his sides, “I’m with you,” he says, holding up a letter, “I have to find Donnie’s killers. I must find Daisy. You’re the only ones who can help, and I’m not…I’m not a monster. I can help you with whatever is out there.” Around each wrist, a broken handcuff dangles freely.
Kraveetz looks to the hallway as the yelling and crashing of a fight somewhere in the hospital increases.
Remembering the night before, how Jason fought against the beast in the hallway, he makes his decision. “Speedwell—” Kraveetz pauses, fixing Jason with a cold stare “—we can’t leave him here, he goes with us. But if he moves wrong, kill him. Aim for the heart to put him down,” he commands. Speedwell keeps her attention on Jason as Kraveetz turns back to the door. His hand moves slowly towards the handle and draws the door open again. He pauses and looks at Rose. “You’re okay. Just stay here and wait for us, all right?”
She nods shakily. As Jason takes a step towards the door to leave, she scrambles further back into the room, unable to look at him.
Not wholly human, Jason still feels a deep pang of guilt and shame over her fear of him.
Kraveetz moves carefully down the hall, towards the screaming voices and sounds of carnage. Speedwell covers Jason and their retreat. Patients, doctors, and nurses flee past them. The three wayward companions move through the panicked people, pushing against the stream of terror. An old charge nurse stops Kraveetz to tell him there are demons in the morgue, and one is running around the emergency room, killing and maiming anyone it can. He tells her to get to safety, and the group keeps moving forward.
Kraveetz rounds a corner in time to see a Denizen tearing into the back of a fallen patient with its oversized incisor fangs. Easily eight feet tall, hunching over, it tears chunks of meat out of a poor soul still alive and screaming. Its skin is scaly and green. On its back are vestigial wings, and its arms end in wicked, black talons. Kraveetz sights down his semi-automatic, readying the shot. Before he can squeeze the trigger, a rough-looking homeless man knocks over the Denizen. The man is broad-shouldered and powerful. He wrestles with the devil, throwing it over his hip, slamming it hard face down onto the emergency room floor. The demon staggers, stunned for a few moments. The man scrambles, grabbing a medical device hooked to a tall metal stand. Discarding everything but the metal stand, the man leaps upward, plunging it through the beast’s upper body, piercing its heart. The thing dies and dissolves into a pool of ash and viscous liquid.
Panting, Peter pauses for a moment, surveying his work, and then looks to see Kraveetz aiming a gun at him, “Mind not pointing that at me, officer?”
Jason creeps cautiously out from behind Kraveetz, keeping his distance from the older officer. Upon seeing Jason, Peter’s body goes perfectly still. “Are you helping the Nauthling?” he asks calmly, reaching for a nearby metal chair.
Kraveetz’s gun follows Peter’s subtle movement. “Don’t...” he starts to say as the double steel doors at the rear of the emergency room burst open, and another Denizen comes bounding out.
This one is on all fours and covered in black fur. It bounds on clawed talons, clearing the length of the emergency room in less than two seconds. Before Kraveetz and Speedwell can re-train their guns on this new threat, the beast opens its jaws and leaps to kill Peter. With blinding speed, Jason gets between the Denizen and Peter. The creature crashes into him and crumples as though it struck a concrete wall. Dazed and whimpering, the fiend struggles to rise to its feet. Jason places a foot on its neck and pushes down. With no effort, the Denizen’s bones give in, and a wet, crunching sound fills the room. Stepping around Jason, Peter surveys the fallen monster’s still twitching body. It is six feet in length, roughly two hundred and fifty pounds, muscled and lean. Reaching down, Jason picks up the twisted frame of a gurney. With a jerk of his hand, he snaps a metal piece of the main body, forming a sharp-edged weapon.
“You have to pierce the heart,” Peter instructs him.
Without hesitating, Jason plunges the large, metal shank through the beast’s shoulder, piercing the vital organ. The Denizen’s body starts to dissolve immediately.
“I had it covered, but thanks anyway for the assistance,” Peter says to Jason.
Jason nods to him before turning to face Kraveetz, “I’m on your side,” eyes glimmering with confidence and a yearning to be trusted.
Kraveetz nods slightly, but he still has his suspicions. He wonders how he can trust someone who is not even human. The older man is not sure what Jason is, and it makes him all the wearier.
“Who the hell are you?” Speedwell asks, taking a hesitant step towards Peter. In an active combat situation, she sets to the task of gaining as much information as possible about what is going on.
Peter smiles. “We can get to know one another later.” He lets the statement hang in the air.
Not amused, Speedwell aims her gun at him. “I asked you a question. Now’s the time to answer.” Her tone brooks no room for argument. If either this stranger or Jason poses a threat, she will put them down. Keeping an eye on both men, she waits for answers, lethal intent visible in her terrible calmness.
Peter sees the mistake he has made by offhandedly dismissing her, “Sorry, Officer, I was in the waiting room. I had dropped off this woman who needed help, and then I heard screaming. I came running, and then I was fighting for my life. And right now, there are some bad guys in the morgue doing bad things,” he explains.
“How do you know that?” Kraveetz asks.
“Because I noticed them pushing their way towards those metal doors,” Peter explains, pointing towards the same set of double steel doors the Denizen beast just burst out. “One changed forms, and we started fighting. That’s when you showed up.”
The shattered emergency room stands as quiet proof of Peter’s explanation. Broken equipment, overturned beds, shattered glass; it looks like a bomb has gone off. In the corner, near the doors at the back of the room, a crumpled pile that used to be a person lies very still.
Kraveetz sees the body, “What about him?” he asks, nodding towards the fallen emergency room employee.
A genuine look of guilt and shame comes over Peter’s face. “I’m so sorry. I couldn’t save them all.” He glances at the puddled remains of the Denizen on the floor. “It changed and started attacking whoever was closest.” He shakes his head, the fallen doctor crumpled in the corner a reminder of past failures. “I was too late, again.” he says in a distant voice.
Nodding, “We are all too late for him,” Kraveetz offers respectfully.
“Donnie’s in the morgue,” Jason says as the realization hits him. He starts moving, and Peter follows close behind.
“Wait a minute!” Kraveetz barks. He moves Jason to the back of the group. The older officer lets Peter take point with him. Pausing a moment, he asks, “So what do I call you?’ looking at the other man’s dirty blood-stained clothes.
“Peter, nice to meet you.”
Kraveetz nods, then looks over his shoulder to Speedwell. “Cover our backs.”
With that, the four of them open the doors to the morgue as quietly as possible.

The Morgue
Our Lady of Mercy’s morgue is in the basement of the hospital. The group moves cautiously down the dimly lit, narrow flight of concrete stairs.
As they descend, the air becomes frigid. The thrashing sounds of a struggle begin to fill the small space, causing them to increase their pace. Peter comes to the bottom of the stairs first and rounds a sharp corner. Shouts and the crashing of gurneys and other equipment now accompany the din of people struggling. Two doors at the end of a short cement hallway are partially open, a goons crumpled body wedging them ajar. The scene playing out inside the morgue comes into focus. Donnie struggles weakly, pinned down to a metal sliding plate attached to the refrigerated wall unit. He is partially out of a black body bag, chest bare, and skin holding a slight blue hue. As Anthony Bolivar’s son, Donnie is half Denizen, and when Jack broke his body the night before, he immediately, albeit slowly, started to heal. And now, as strange men take him out of the morgue refrigerator, body partially recovered, he struggles feebly against the attackers, blue-tinged arms swatting helplessly. A large man in a dark business suit holds him while another similarly dressed man plunges a short sword into Donnie’s chest.
Jason roars in a piercing torrent of rage and anguish.
Peter enters the morgue first and takes cover behind a solid metal table just inside the room as a hail of bullets impact near him, spurts of dust blanketing him.
Speedwell and Kraveetz hurry forward, guns blazing. Another two men move quickly towards a service elevator at the rear of the morgue, carrying a black body bag between them. As the service elevator doors open the sides of the body bag bulge as though the contents are struggling to break free. The men scurry inside the lift with their package, the doors closing slowly. It carries them to ground level and a waiting van.
Kraveetz and Speedwell advance using their blazing firearms to send the two remaining shooters ducking for cover. Jason flashes forward with incredible speed and is on top of one of the men in an instant. With one arm, he picks up the man, and unleashing tremendous force, crushes him into the metal-paneled doors of a large stainless-steel refrigerator. The sounds of bones pulverizing and blood spilling are sickening. The remaining henchman, who put the knife into Donnie’s chest, draws an automatic submachine gun from under his jacket. The weapon opens up, tearing into Jason’s arms and shoulders, numerous black holes appearing across his flesh. Shrugging off the bullets, he reaches out a hand, body absorbing the massive damage. He grips the man’s trigger hand, crushing it and the weapon into splinters of metal and mashed, bloody fragments of bone. The man opens his mouth to scream, but the sound that comes out is not human. Jason pulls him closer. The henchman starts to transform, his new suit tearing open, revealing hardening, ridged, black flesh covered in wicked spines. Jason grips the transforming Denizen by the shoulder. With a nasty pull, the Denizen’s shoulder dislocates, and then its entire arm tears free. A fountain of black blood erupts out of the ragged stump. The monster tries to scream again, but Jason’s hands move too quickly to see. Grabbing the fiend by either side of the head, he wrenches, tearing it free of the fiend’s body. Triumphant in avenging Donnie, Jason lets out a roar.
Following the battle, a brief silence fills the air.
“Did you see those others hurrying out the back with something?” Kraveetz asks, still in awe of the violence done by Jason.
Speedwell is frozen in place, fear taking hold in response to what she just saw. When she hears Kraveetz, she snaps out of it and nods, “Yeah, I saw them, Sarge.”
With an audible click, Kraveetz reloads his weapon. Peter spins open the cylinder of his revolver and reloads the spent cartridges. Jason cries and whimpers as he holds Donnie’s lifeless body. He has lived his life with the mind of a child, but there is something more to him now. Ever since the Man in Black touched him, he has grown more intelligent, stronger, and better able to communicate his needs.
Even below ground in the morgue, the sirens of Edge City police can be heard approaching. Kraveetz knows time is short, and the devastation at the hospital will bring attention they do not need. The only person he can trust in the entire Edge City police department is already in the room with him. They are entering unknown waters, and there are two choices regarding how to proceed: to tread lightly, or to kick ass and take names. Kraveetz smiles to himself, already knowing how to proceed. Speedwell and the stranger, Peter, will follow him, but Jason is a wild card. He decides that bringing Jason into the fold of his chosen circle is something he has to accept.
Kraveetz walks closer to the sobbing hulk of a man and places a hand on the weeping giant’s shoulder. Jason spins around, grabbing Kraveetz around the throat. Speedwell aims her firearm at Jason; Peter follows suit. Kraveetz waives them off with a free hand. The older man knows the large man is exorcising his pain at this moment. Held tight by the throat, Kraveetz does not struggle or resist. He looks into Jason’s eyes with compassion.
Jason growls at first, but seeing the look in the older man’s eyes, he begins to weep. Loosening the grip, his head jerks back and forth, trying to shake off the hold of his inner demons. Kraveetz steps forward and embraces the younger man in his arms. “It’s going to be okay, son,” he says, trying his best to soothe him. “Do you hear those sirens?”
With tear-stained cheeks and bloodshot puffy eyes, Jason turns his head towards the approaching sirens and nods.
“The people coming, work for the ones who took your brother from you,” Kraveetz says. Jason growls in anger, turning towards his deceased brother one last time.
“We need your help, and we have to go.”
Jason wipes the tears from his eyes and gets to his feet. “Daisy, we have to find Daisy. Donnie wanted her safe,” he explains.
Kraveetz nods, holding out a hand, “Fine, son, we’ll find Daisy, together, okay?” Jason hesitates at first before grasping him in a crushing embrace, lifting him off the ground. “Easy big fellah!” Kraveetz returns Jason’s embrace and then wiggles free, so much emotional expression leaving the older man feeling squeamish.
Speedwell lowers and holsters her gun. “So, what now?”
Kraveetz looks to the morgue elevator the two goons carrying the struggling body bag escaped through. “Now we go up and ‘borrow’ a squad car.” He takes out a set of handcuffs and looks first at Peter, and then Jason. “But if this is going to work, we’re gonna need to make it look convincing, agreed?” Jason and Peter nod. Peter hands his gun to Speedwell without hesitation. She handcuffs him while Kraveetz secures Jason.
They take the morgue elevator up to ground level and disappear into the madness of emergency service personnel and vehicles surrounding Our Lady of Mercy. They commandeer an Edge City Police cruiser without notice. Once in the back seat, Peter and Jason remove their handcuffs with a key Speedwell slipped them.
Needing time to think, the group drives in silence, trying to work out what to do next. Kraveetz drives the patrol car in no particular direction and is the first to come up with anything close to a plan. “We need somewhere safe to go, where we can figure out our next move.”
Jason only has the hospital and his apartment, both of which are now compromised. Speedwell has a home but knows Anthony Bolivar is gunning for her. Her studio is the first place they would check.
From the backseat, Peter speaks up. “I have a place,” he offers.
Quiet, questioning looks pass amongst them for a few moments, no one having any better ideas. Kraveetz finally says, “Gonna need directions.”

The Champion
The borrowed Edge City police cruiser pulls up to the curb near Peter’s office. The four compatriots slide through the iron gates at street level and move upwards, passing derelict empty floors. Unlocking the door, Peter leads the group inside his office. The stale air is full of dust. Heavily worn carpet and marred walls speak to the room’s age. A shabby couch, which looks enticingly comfortable, sits in an anteroom to the primary office. They all take a few moments to rest. Speedwell and Peter stand near the couch, sharing an awkward silence.
“Why don’t you go on and tell us what you know, Peter?” Kraveetz suggests.
Jason, snapping out of his reverie, turns his head to listen.
Peter nods, sitting in a nearby chair. “The creatures are called Denizen. They come from…” He hesitates, knowing this is going to be challenging to explain.
“Eons ago, across vast distances of space, the first race of sentient beings lived. They were immortals that influenced the abundant life in the universe. They strove for perfection in all things. They eventually reached the level of technology allowing them to travel in space. They aided fledgling races in their development. At their height, there were thousands of species passing amongst the stars, all connected in a massive intergalactic pantheon.
“One day, the immortals began to perish. They sought a cure with all their knowledge of the cosmos. Some amongst them believed their time had come, and they should transcend into memory, letting others inherit the galaxy.
“And so, a great debate raged and escalated to war. Even as the cosmos burned, the immortals searched for a cure. One day, the brightest among them found an answer. He began to administer the cure to untold millions of his race. They regained their positions of power and forced the other sentient races into subjugation. For a time, the immortals and their supporters rejoiced. But the cure was flawed, and ultimately the cause of a great calamity.”
“What happened?” Speedwell asks, entranced by the tale.
Peter shakes his head. “It is said the immortals transformed into a cruel race known as Denizen. The Denizen ravaged the universe, extinguishing life by consuming whole planets and then moving to the next. The few surviving immortals fled and were hunted by the Denizen. Eventually, the survivors gained enough strength to start fighting back and reestablishing balance in the universe. They did this when they discovered the Lazarus Engine, a suit of armor bonded to the wearer that allowed the creation of perfect warriors. The warriors in their Lazarus Engines are righteous in their fury, just in their cause, and long is their battle. When they come to a planet, they cleanse it of the Denizen horde. Once their task is complete, the warriors re-enter their engines and travel to their next destination to be born again.”
“How do you know so much about all of this?” Speedwell asks.
Peter confesses the rest. “Just over twenty years ago, I came to this world,” he says, pausing to let the information sink in.
As is the case so many times when the mind cannot understand something, Speedwell starts to laugh. “So you’re what? A spaceman, a fucking alien?!” she says, letting out a short, hysterical bark of laughter and shaking her head.
“I came here with a contingent of other soldiers. We are an inner circle that followed a man known as Drake.”
Speedwell sobers slightly. “What?” She gives Peter a questioning look. “Drake? I don’t understand, I met him. I saw him just last night.”
Peter continues, voice unwavering, his gaze fixed ahead. “I knew him from another life, and when I saw him here, and he did not recognize me, I couldn’t say anything.”
Speedwell’s curiosity piqued, she asks “Why didn’t he recognize you? How could you know him, and he could not recognize you?”
“Before we came here, we were told the journey would change us. Some of us changed in the body, others in mind. There was a problem when we arrived.” Peter struggles with the words to explain something he does not fully understand.
“Arrived?” Kraveetz asks.
Peter’s calm demeanor finally cracks. “I don’t know how it works. When we arrived at the confluence point in this world, we were surrounded.” A hard look falls across his face, his voice softly resigned. “We were betrayed.”
Peter waits a moment for more questions, then continues. “We had to fight our way out. There were me, Drake, and five others.” He can see it all in his mind, the confusion, the blood, the lights going out, and then the screams. “I was able to get myself and Drake out. I don’t know what happened to the others.”
Speedwell is silent for a few moments. “Who is Drake?”
“He is our king’s guardian.” Pausing a moment, his shoulders pull back and eyes blaze with a terrible fierceness. “And I was the king’s champion.”
Time passes, and no one says anything as they process everything that has happened. Peter orders food and has it delivered. He pays cash and meets the deliveryman at an adjacent building to be safe.
Kraveetz is looking out the office’s only window when he returns. He nods his thanks to Peter for the food.
Speedwell has been napping on the couch; she wakes to eat something.
Jason sits in a corner chair, staring blankly at the wall. Peter brings the giant man a hamburger and fries, placing the meal so as not to startle him. Lost in grief, Jason becomes aware of the other man’s scrutiny; uncomfortable, he opens the food wrapper, refusing to make eye contact.
Peter sits down on the floor in front of Jason. “We’re going to find Daisy,” he says. Jason looks up with a mouth full, nods, then continues to chew. He does not trust Peter, and the two finish their meal in silence.
While eating, Kraveetz contemplates how to find Daisy. “Speedwell, you’re good with computers, right?”
She looks up from her food, nodding, ‘Yeah, why?’
‘We’ve got no idea where to look for Daisy. If you could get into the computer system, it might be worthwhile to plug in her name, do a search, and see what comes up.”
“I can make a call to someone in records. They could run the search no problem, and keep quiet about it. The problem is all we have is the first name.” She looks to Jason. “Your brother's last name was ‘Graves’, wasn’t it?” As the words leave her mouth, she realizes the sensitive nature of mentioning Donnie.
Jason feels a pang of grief at the mention of his brother. “Yes, his name is ‘Graves;’ why do you ask?”
“Maybe Daisy used his last name?”
“With a first and last name, approximate age, if there is anything entered in the system recently, we should be able to find it,” she says to Kraveetz.
“Good, that’s a start.”
Speedwell wipes her hand with a few napkins and retrieves her cell phone, calling a friend who is working tonight in the records department. After a few minutes of conversation, and some confusion, Speedwell thanks the friend and hangs up.
“I found a ‘Daisy Graves’ she was processed earlier yesterday. The bad news is there is no record of where she went after processing. She’s not in the holding area, and she hasn’t transferred out of the facility. What do you think that means, Sarge?”
Kraveetz thinks a moment and then answers, “If I wanted to keep someone safe and off the books, there is only one place I know of in the department where they could go. I’d put Daisy down into the tombs.” He pauses, considering the options for a few minutes. “All right, I’ve got a plan to get in, get her out, and hopefully be done before anyone notices what we’re doing.” He stands up, brushing the crumbs from his shirt. “You coming with us?” he asks, looking to Peter while Speedwell and Jason start preparing to leave.
Peter looks confused by Kraveetz’s question. “Does rescuing Daisy serve the king or the prince”
Kraveetz, perplexed by Peter says, “Yup”
“I have always served the king, and today is no different.” Peter says.
Kraveetz nods, “Good, ‘cause you’re driving.”

The Precinct
The Edge City Police Department encompasses an entire city block. The twelve-foot high perimeter wall, topped with razor wire, encircles the whole facility and is monitored by closed-circuit television cameras. The main building houses investigations, public relations, management, briefing, records, and general locker rooms for patrol. Beneath the first floor resides a holding area for suspects and other dregs who are jailed until they can either make bond or go before a judge.
As the group travels, Kraveetz’s explains the plan, “All right, Speedwell, you head down into the armory first and start packing supplies: ammo, armor, med packs, rations, everything you think we’ll need for extended operation.” Speedwell nods her understanding. Trusting her judgment, Kraveetz turns his attention to Peter. “You’re going to drop Speedwell off at the main entrance, and then you’ll drive around to the security entrance. Jason and I will get out there. Park in the adjacent parking structure, stay with the vehicle, and be ready to leave in a hurry.”
Peter watches the road as he listens, nodding he understands. As the vehicle approaches the main entrance, Kraveetz gives one last instruction to Speedwell, “Just wait in the armory. We’ll meet you there.” She nods, understanding, and exits the vehicle. Once she is walking into the building, Peter drives to the security entrance. He navigates the car through an automated checkpoint and up into a large parking structure. Kraveetz tells Jason his part in the plan. “Look, big fellah, you’re gonna have to trust me on this one, okay.” Jason nods hesitantly.
Kraveetz pulls out a pair of handcuffs and goes to place them on Jason’s wrists. The larger man jerks his hands back, suddenly scared of what is happening. Kraveetz pauses to explain, “Look, there is no way we can get to where I think they are holding Daisy without you being in handcuffs. I’ll escort you in, no one will question me. Once we’re down near the armory, follow my lead. Here…” he proffers a handcuff key. Jason takes it tentatively, his uneasiness slightly abated.
Seeing his trepidation, Kraveetz explains the layout of the place, “The main buildings attach to the parking garage. There’s an elevator leading to central control and other underground areas of the precinct. We take the elevator to the deepest floor; it holds the main armory along with a central control booth. I think they are holding Daisy near central control.”
“But how will we get Daisy out?” Jason asks.
“Once we come out of the elevators, we’ll arrive at the central control area. The officers on duty monitoring everything will flip out over me bringing you straight down without processing. They’ll argue with me over policy or some bullshit. While I have them distracted, you ‘break free’ of your handcuffs. They’ll run out to assist me, and we’ll subdue them and tie them up. We’ll use the central control station to lock down parts of the building for our escape. Speedwell is already in the adjacent armory, locked and loaded, so she can keep a lookout while we search for Daisy. Got it?”
Jason nods he understands. Peter has been following along while driving. The vehicle comes to rest in a stall on the second floor of the three story-parking garage. “We’re here.”
****
Anthony Bolivar leaves the sanctuary of his penthouse, traveling directly to the Edge City Police Department. He and his entourage enter the precinct unchallenged. So far-reaching is his influence, no one questions him as he walks amongst the detective’s desks looking for one in particular. He finds Hodgkins fast asleep at his desk. PATHETIC is all Bolivar can think.
The rest of the detectives on duty have stopped what they’re doing to watch. The silence is palpable, and without the constant background thrum of activity, Hodgkins wakes. Before the overweight cop can say a word, Bolivar knocks him hard to the ground with a clubbed fist. Eyes bleed to a glossy black, and his jaw distends, showing too many razor-sharp teeth.
Hodgkins scrambles back to save his life. Out of the corner of his eye, he notices a flashing symbol on his computer. Speedwell and Kraveetz’s key cards are currently accessing one of the facility's many doors.
“Wait! Wait! Please!” Hodgkins begs as he tries and fails to distance himself from Bolivar. “I’ll bring you the woman who killed your son, please! Kraveetz is her mentor, and he is here now. They’re both near the armory. Please give me the chance to make this right,” he pleads, while frantically pointing at the computer monitor
Bolivar pauses in his wrath, looking at the names flashing on the screen, “Bring them both to me, alive,” he hisses. Hodgkins crawls forward and kisses his feet. Disgusted, Bolivar kicks him away. “Go!”
Hodgkins gets up and rushes out of the room, screaming for other officers to join him. Several at first and then a dozen race towards the elevators.
****
The violence of the city brings about a desperate need for armaments, the entirety of which can be accessed by the central control booth staffed by two officers twenty-four hours a day. It is a small space with one entire wall dedicated to security camera monitors. The rest of the room holds computers and faces outwards towards the elevators,visible through two large windows of safety glass. The elevator and emergency exit lockdown controls are in the booth. On the north wall is the armory entrance. When Speedwell arrived, she had to wait while the two officers buzzed her into the armory proper.
There is one other feature in the subterranean structure, a doorway marked ‘electrical,’ which never sees regular use. The doorway has no handle and no keyhole. It opens electronically from within the central control booth. Behind the ‘electrical’ door, there is a long tunnel with iron doors set along both walls every fifteen feet ending at the tunnel’s terminus. Known amongst only a select few of the Edge City Police Department as the tombs, its purpose is maligned and as old as the city. It is where interrogations sometimes take place, away from prying eyes, deep in the earth.
Presently, Kraveetz and Jason stand in front of the central control booth, arguing with one of the officers on duty. As predicted, seeing Jason in handcuffs in this secured area, one of the officers exits the booth when Kraveetz calls him a ‘little bitch.’ The argument pauses as the alarms in the building above them begin to sound.
“Shit, that wasn’t long,” Kraveetz curses. Jason looks around, panicking, not knowing what to do. Seeing the younger man’s uncertainty, “Just follow me, son, and we’ll get through this.”
Kraveetz draws his weapon and points it at the officer, “Have your partner in there open the electrical room door.”
Getting both hands up quickly, the officer looks back to the booth, “Just do what the crazy son of a bitch says, he’s not getting out of here.” The officer in the box obeys and unlocks the door to the tombs.
Speedwell waits patiently in the armory, weighted bags in hand.
“And let Speedwell into the booth, now.” The older man orders.
The officer with his hands up hesitates, “No way, she’s not going in there. Fuck you, old man!”
Kraveetz chuckles to himself, “Well, how bout that? You found your balls!” He lowers the gun and shoots the man in the thick part of his thigh. The gunshot is loud, and everything moves in slow motion as the officer falls to the ground clutching the leg, “Your partner needs a trauma bandage from the medical kit you’ve got in there. Let Gale in now, and no one will blame you.”
The officer in the booth is a younger cop, inexperienced, and scared. Panicking, she opens the control booth door to the armory. Speedwell rushes in, grabbing the emergency medical kit, shoving it at the younger cop. “Take it and get out there.” With a push from Speedwell, the officer exits and proceeds to bandage up her partner.
Kraveetz disarms both of them as Jason uncuffs himself.
“Once you get him bandaged, move him upstairs.” Kraveetz orders. The young officer nods her understanding and begins helping the wounded partner off the ground.
Satisfied the two control booth officers are no longer a threat, Kraveetz walks over to the electrical door and kicks it open. He looks to Jason, “Stay with me. We get Daisy and then get the fuck out of here, okay?”
Speedwell has busied herself, moving several duffel bags full of armory items into the control booth.
“Gale, stay here and guard the entrance,” Kraveetz commands. Speedwell nods her understanding as he and Jason enter the darkness of the tombs.

Daisy at the Police Station
The chemical scent of duct tape is heavy in Daisy’s nostrils. She sits handcuffed to a metal chair in a pitch-black room. Her feet are bare, and she feels the smooth concrete floor underneath her. The ground is cold, but the air is stifling and warm. Daisy always had a fear of the dark. The few times she tries to call out, her voice disappears into space with no echo. It is like sitting in a never ending cave. Fear grips her at first, and for a time, she cries in the darkness. She recalls Donnie’s voice, hearing him telling her to open her stance when she fights, to breathe and remain calm, and how this simple advice will help in any situation.
Daisy takes a deep breath, remembering ocean waves and the coolness of the water as it rushes over her toes. She can feel herself sinking into the wet sand while standing in the surf. In that peaceful moment, she understands what Donnie has been for her. He is her protector. In her life before him, she never felt safe. The ache of loss assails her while she sits alone in the dark. Deep down in her soul, she knows Donnie is not coming back. She feels adrift in a dark sea without a compass. Immersed in misery, she does not hear the footsteps approaching from outside.
The door to the interrogation room opens. Daisy’s heart freezes in her chest, and she stops breathing. Then she hears Donnie’s voice, remember to breathe, and exhales the breath she has been holding.
Soft footsteps, the sounds of someone moving to stand behind her. “Been a long time, whore,” Jean whispers in her ear. Her mind barely has time to recognize the voice before the punch lands. Her world goes sideways, and she lands hard on her left side against the concrete floor. Head bouncing off the ground, she blacks out for a moment. She comes to and flexes against the metal of the chair, trying to free herself. Sharp pain in her left hand draws a gasp, but then she feels a paperclip pinned beneath it. Struggling, the injured hand grasps the paperclip, and she whimpers in pain.
“Oh, don’t you go crying yet, bitch. We haven’t even started.” Leaning down, Jean yanks the duct tape from her eyes. The pain is excruciating, and it takes Daisy a moment to open her eyelids.
The room’s bright overhead fluorescents flicker on. Her vision comes into focus on Jean’s ugly smiling face looking down at her. He can see the confusion on her face. “How’d I find you? Well, it happens I get a call this morning about a missing person report I filed four years ago. This fellah with no name, he says I’ve got permission to come down here and see my long lost wife. Said you’re being held due to an unsolved murder case. Do you remember my friend, Deputy Burt? Someone left him on the side of the road, neck broken, just before you two disappeared. So, I raced here as fast as I could, sweetheart. Did you miss me?”
Daisy can smell his sick, chewing tobacco breath. Painfully, she unbends the paperclip and struggles to slot it into the handcuff keyhole. “You hit like a girl,” she says with defiance and years of spite.
Daisy always imagined meeting up with Jean again. At first, the idea terrified her. However, Donnie taught her how to protect herself and nurtured the confidence in herself to survive anything. Unafraid, she stares doggedly at Jean’s weathered face, trying to buy time to get the handcuffs off. He was expecting the same weak-willed whipping post that left him years ago. Her tone and eyes hold defiance and strength he does not know how to deal with.
Jean shakes his head like a confused dog, “What the hell did you just say to me?”
“I said…” Daisy tries to kick out her legs and strike. He moves out of the way and then lunges down, grabbing her by the back of the head. With a handful of hair, he painfully jerks her and the chair back to the upright position. She has almost picked the lock on the handcuffs.
Jean moves to stand directly in front of her, “Oh, that’s just great. You think you’re some tough son of a bitch now, huh?” he says, laughing aloud. “That fucker, Donnie, he’s dead, you know.” Not listening to what he says, she knows he must get closer before she can attack again. Forcing herself to cry, she wills herself to look weak and whispers under her breath.
“What the fuck did you say?” Jean snaps, striking out with a backhanded slap. The slap covers the small audible ‘click’ as one handcuff releases. With the stinging impact, Daisy’s head slumps down, seemingly defeated. “Well, bitch, what do you have to say now?” he asks, leaning in close.
“I said…” She lunges forward with hands now free. Forehead slamming into Jean’s face, his nose explodes, and teeth break in a welter of blood. With a blood-filled mouth, he screams in pain and shields his face. Trying to get away, he stumbles backward and falls, landing hard and knocking the wind out of himself.
Daisy moves to attack again, “…go fuck yourself, you piece of shit.” She says with venom.
Jean staggers to his feet, growling, and charges at her. She dives out of the way, taking the chair with her. He stumbles off-balance, still disoriented. Daisy spins around on her heel, using both hands to bring the metal chair about in an arc. The chair slams hard, metal contorting into his head and face. Body collapsing to the ground, blood flows freely from him. She moves closer to check if he is dead. But Jean, playing possum, waits until she is near and grabs her ankle, giving it a forceful pull. She tumbles to the ground and quickly rolls away. With a few moments of respite, he manages to stumble to the door. Turning the handle, he staggers into the hallway, taking off in an awkward panicked escape.
****
The footsteps of Jason and Kraveetz echo down the narrow corridor that seems to go on forever. The walls are dark brown colored cement, aged with time. The air is close and musty. The ancient lights glow sickly yellow overhead. A slight curve takes them around a corner. Hearing something up ahead, they hurry forward. As they approach, a door bursts open, and a large overweight man, recently beaten bloody, stumbles out.
Running into a wall of flesh, Jean collides hard and falls onto his rear. He looks up dazed and sees a giant scarred-faced man standing over him.
Jason looks down for a moment, curious as to whom the bloodied man is. Movement catches his eye, and looking past Jean, Jason sees a woman. Daisy peers around the doorframe of the room, her eyes meet Jason’s, and they lock gazes. He knows this woman is Daisy. The look in her eyes brings terrible recollections. Memories, no longer clouded by brain damage, flood into his mind. Awful images of his mother being beaten repeatedly, of her crying and holding him, and finally of her death. As the images recede, a building pressure takes hold. It is a dark thing, a monstrous presence that has always lived inside of him. It claws its way up from the wicked recesses of Jason’s soul.
Daisy glances cautiously at Jean, a haunted look on her face, brimming with the memories of past torments. Just by the look in her eyes, Jason can perceive all the hurt and pain she has endured at the hands of the bloodied man before him. “Just like momma,” he whispers to himself. Without thinking, he slowly reaches down to Jean. Grabbing one of the bleeding man’s arms, he twists until it breaks. Screaming in pain, Jean tries desperately to pull himself from the iron grasp.
Nevertheless, the larger man does not cease in his ministrations. With a horrible calmness, Jason grips Jean’s other arm and then proceeds to break it. Slowly, methodically, he breaks more of the wailing man’s bones.
Kraveetz goes to stop him but hesitates as he notices Daisy crying, not in terror or pain, but relieved vindication. Awful cathartic tears of relief pour from her as she witnesses Jean being taken apart.
Seeing the end nearing, Kraveetz places a firm hand on Jason’s forearm. Utilizing old man's strength, he gives Jason pause, halting him from killing Jean. Jason turns his head sharply to look at Kraveetz, eyes having bled entirely black. The older man does not balk at the black orbs staring at him; instead, he tries to save Jason’s soul. “I know you’re not a monster. A monster would kill this man. You can stop right now and maintain your humanity. He’s beaten and won’t be hurting anyone…” looking to Daisy, “…ever again.” His voice is calm and powerful, like a frigid wind pouring down over the mountains.
Jason struggles to wrestle the inner monster back into its cage. After a few moments, he releases Jean, shattered body slumping to the ground, blood and saliva dribbling from his broken jaw. He will live, his mind forever damaged from the trauma Jason inflicted. There is a poignant irony to Jason leaving Jean a broken minded simpleton. A certain catharsis over being able to exorcise his demons and embrace the trauma of his mother’s death.
Kraveetz nods in approval at Jason’s choice. He moves past him, and the broken bag of bones that used to be a man, towards Daisy. Approaching cautiously, he stands just before her, “Ma’am, my name is…”
Daisy, having also exorcised her demons, snaps back to reality. An Edge City Police officer stands before her, and she still must get out of this place. She strikes out at Kraveetz, and, before the fist impacts with his nose, Jason’s hand comes out of nowhere and clamps down, stopping her in mid-strike. Neither Kraveetz nor Daisy saw Jason move, but somehow, he now stands between them.
Daisy tries to pull free, but the grip is immovable, “Let me go!” she demands.
“My name’s Jason.”
The name is familiar to Daisy. She struggles for a moment to remember, shaking off the adrenaline.
“Donnie sent us,” Kraveetz offers, trying to help move the situation along. The rescue is taking far longer than they have time.
“Donnie? Is he here? Where is he?” Daisy asks, relaxing her arm. Jason releases the hold on her. She moves past the two men, looking down the corridor expecting to see the love of her life. Turning back, confusion on her face, “Donnie?” she asks, but before an answer comes, the sound of alarms wailing fills the tunnel.
“We’ve got to go now,” Kraveetz says.
The three make their way back to the central control booth, where Speedwell is waiting with the armory supplies. While preparing to leave, eleven of Edge City’s finest tactical officers have burst from the elevator and stairwell entrances. They take up positions covering all exits. All are in tactical gear, their faces covered by ballistic helmet visors. Kraveetz knows each one of them. Stepping out of the elevator last is the leader of the tactical squad. Detective Hodgkins looks sloppy, and his flop sweat shines brightly in the harsh light.
Kraveetz has been alive for a long time. He has seen more in his life than some people would see in ten lifetimes. His love for Speedwell is more than she will ever know. Mind racing at the odds stacked against them, he kneels, deftly opening and reaching into the armory duffel bags. Putting on several pieces of body armor, he leaves his face exposed. Speedwell, Daisy, and Jason watch him prepare, not knowing what to say.
As he gathers up several weapons, securing them to his person, he does not deign to look Speedwell in the eye. “Darling, I’m going to go talk with these boys and see if I can reason with them.” Face sober; his voice holds an edge of conditional expectation. Everyone getting out of the building alive will be impossible. Thinking of his promise to Speedwell’s father, and of the life he has lived, a serene smile forms on his lips.
“I can help,” Speedwell says. She walks over, reaching down into the duffel bags, and begins to gather armor and weapons. Kraveetz fixes her with a fatherly look of love. Reaching out gently, he takes her hands in his. The delicateness of the gesture is unexpected and causes her to drop the equipment back into the duffels. Looking at him, she sees the calmness of acceptance in his eyes. She can tell by that look that he is fighting this battle alone. Resistant to the inevitable, she wants to go with him. With so much shared history between them, she knows there is nothing she can say that will sway him. Letting go of his hands, she steps away. Too many emotions flood through her she cannot give voice to. Instead, she steels herself and nods at Kraveetz as tears start to fall down her cheeks. Rushing forward, she throws herself into him, and they hold each other for the last time. Slowly Kraveetz pushes her kindly away.
Looking to Daisy and Jason, he slowly takes them in. “Get out of here.” Moving towards the exit, he leaves Daisy, Speedwell, and Jason in the booth. He steps out without hesitation, and no weapon in hand, even though he has several available on his person.
Securing the door behind him, he turns to find multiple red laser sights hovering over his vital organs. Looking slowly in turn at each of the men pointing weapons, he weighs his next words carefully.
“Boys, you need to go now, before things get bad.” His voice is calm and gentle, with a barely restrained force of purpose. Four of the eleven young officers take Kraveetz’s advice and leave. They lower their guns slowly and exit through the stairwells. The older man watches them go, and casually lights a final cigarette. Taking a long drag, he nods with respect at the four younger officers’ decisions.
“Cowards!” Hodgkins screams at them as they retreat to safety.
“HODGKINS!” Kraveetz bellows mightily, silencing the other man. “They have honor and respect.” After so many years working in the department, seeing so many friends lost to cancer eating out the heart of the city, it warms his heart to see some officers with their integrity intact. Kraveetz takes a measured step towards those that remain.
Hodgkins, gun in hand, steps out from the cover of the other officers and aims the weapon at Kraveetz’s heart. “All these years mother fucker, and now I get to kill you.” He smiles as his finger tightens on the trigger. Kraveetz looks back at Speedwell through the control booth glass, eyes holding all the respect and love he feels for her.
The older man had not thought today would be the last day of his life. But he is glad he can protect Speedwell one more time. In an instant, all the best moments of his life flash before him. Smiling gently to himself, he lets the memories fade and comes back to the task at hand.
In a thunderous whisper, that fills the small space, Kraveetz gives them one last chance, “It’d be a good time to give up.”
Hodgkins balks at the bravado and looks to the remaining officers aiming their weapons at him. The anxiety he feels does not make sense, given the situation. He has Kraveetz dead to rights, but still, he feels threatened. “Smile, mother fucker,” he says with a self-satisfied grin and pulls the trigger.
Nothing but noise and death follows. With blinding speed and martial prowess, Kraveetz defeats the corrupt officers, saving Hodgkins for last. Bleeding from several wounds, he smiles through the pain at the sight of an unarmed Hodgkins begging for his life while pissing himself.
“This is more than you deserve,” Kraveetz says, reaching down with both hands. With a twist, he breaks Hodgkins’ neck. Releasing the fat man’s body, it falls to the floor with a dull thud. Bleeding, but still alive, Kraveetz turns to the control booth. Daisy, Speedwell, and Jason stand frozen, mouths agape, their minds still trying to understand and process the violence they just saw. The three of them have never seen someone kill so many people in such a short bout of time. They come out of the control booth one at a time. Speedwell rushes to his side, supporting the older man’s weight.
“Thank you, darling,” he says.
The alarms continue to sound. The air is heavy with the acrid smell of the spent propellant. In the background, a precinct radio squelches as numerous people step on each other’s radio traffic. The gun battle escalates the response of the entire precinct, and sworn personnel are starting to plan how to storm the control booth. Speedwell and Kraveetz know what is going to happen, understanding that time is running out for their escape.
“Go now. I’ll stay and explain everything,” he says, chuckling to himself. The laughter is turning quickly into bloody coughing.
Speedwell shakes her head from side to side. “No, no, I’m not going to leave you here.” Tears stream down her cheeks at the sight of how much blood there is. Cold terror grips her as she struggles to speak or act.
Kraveetz knows he has only a brief time left. It breaks his heart to see Speedwell fretting over him. Reaching out gently, he touches her cheek and wipes the tears away. Neither of them speaks for a time.
Speedwell, with hands around his waist, eases him gently to the floor as he begins to collapse. “Thank you. Thank you, for…everything. I love you so much, and I never say it, and I’m so sorry I can’t,” she trails off, sobbing.
Kraveetz loves her like a daughter. This is the last time he gets to be the shining example of a man in her life, so he decides to act like it, “Sweetie, go now. Let me do this. I’ll be all right, just knowing you’re safe. I couldn’t have asked for a better daughter. I love you, baby. I’m going to be all right. Please, go now.” A single tear trails down his wrinkled cheek.
Crying, she leans down, embracing him and telling him over and over again, “I love you.” She sobs on his chest as time continues to run out.
“Jason, get Speedwell out of here. You all have to go now,” Kraveetz’s voice pleads.
Jason nods he understands and carefully pries Speedwell off the older man. He is gentle and caring; she resists weakly but cannot stand against his strength. Kraveetz nods his thanks to the younger man. Daisy follows Jason and Speedwell into the elevator, leaving him behind.
Once they are gone, he has a moment to himself. The bleeding is slowing, but he is woozy and close to death. Dragging himself back into the control station, he secures the doors.
Kraveetz retreats into the control booth, locking it and making sure the precinct is locked down/opened in the right places to allow the others to escape. Once he sees them make it past the perimeter fence via the closed-circuit cameras, he moves back into the armory. He thinks about all the bastards that are going to outlive him. Glad Hodgkins is dead; there are dozens more corrupt officers just as bad. Wishing he had more time to meter out his version of justice to those evil assholes upstairs, he pushes himself to find a trauma medkit in the armory. Roughly patching himself up, hoping for a few more good minutes, he staggers towards the farthest end of the arsenal, where the special weapons are stored; unique armaments only certain personnel receive training to use, and only in particular situations.
Kraveetz eyes light up as he sees the proverbial ‘goods.’ High power rifles, grenades, gas launchers, body armor galore, pistols of all shapes and sizes, breaching charges, and something else. A large metallic sarcophagus, painted white with a large red cross on its side, rests in one corner. A wave of dizziness hits him, and he awkwardly stumbles to the ground. His hand goes out, trying to brace the fall, and meets the sarcophagus. Lights on the outside of the thing cycle through complex rhythms and patterns. A blue ring of light on the top glows, and a woman’s voice announces, “AO1137, test confirm, enable system reboot.” The metal coffin powers down and then back up again as its internal mechanisms reboot. The blue ring of light comes on again, and the same woman’s voice returns, “Hello, do you require assistance?”
Kraveetz is close to collapse, the impromptu attempts to stem the bleeding from his wounds have failed, and thinking he is delirious, he cannot help but laugh. “You’ve got a nice voice, what’s your name?” he whispers, smiling to himself. Thoughts race through his mind; memories of Speedwell bringing joy to his failing heart. Tears fall freely from his cheeks as he finally accepts; this is the end. Down in some lonely corner of this corrupt world without his friends. It is not weakness that grips him, but sudden and satisfying acceptance at not having to worry about anything anymore. As all these, and more, thoughts drift through his consciousness, the machine voice answers his question. “My name is Alice.”
Kraveetz nods weakly, unable to do much of anything else at this point.
The external monitoring protocols on the sarcophagus were set up to treat combat soldiers in the field, even if they could not speak. A portion of the metal coffin retracts, and a scanning device shines bright green light over Kraveetz’s broken body, “You require immediate medical assistance; vital signs are failing.”
Kraveetz can no longer nod, mumbling to himself in a confused stupor, “Time, I just need more time.”
“Compliance, aid rendering.” The electronic voice intones. The machine whirs and clicks, rapidly cycling through internal protocols and selecting the necessary tools for emergency triage. The sarcophagus is itself a lifesaving machine. It comes to animated robotic life; metal plates unlocking and shifting to form a mobile triage chamber around Kraveetz’s body. Once inside, aid is administered, and his heart re-started.
****
Jason, Speedwell, and Daisy find Peter waiting in the parking structure. They make their escape and drive to his office to regroup.
“I heard the alarms, why aren’t we being followed?” Peter asks, trying not to drive like a criminal fleeing the scene of a crime.
The others recount the details of Kraveetz’s sacrifice as they travel.
The evening fades and night falls. After an extended period of heavy silence, someone finally speaks.
“What do we do now?” Peter asks softly.
“This morning in the morgue, those strange men we fought stole a body,” Speedwell comments, coming out of her grief in a moment of clarity.
“What are you talking about? What morgue? Whose body did they take?” Daisy asks.
Speedwell explains the morning’s events, detailing the battle in the morgue, bringing her up to speed.
“Why would they take a body?” Peter ponders aloud.
“The body bag was moving,” Jason says with conviction, studying his memory of the morning’s battle.
“He’s right,” Speedwell confirms, nodding enthusiastically. “Whoever was in that body bag was still alive,” she says, feeling her anger rising like a storm to blow away the misery. The somber mood in the air turns to one of anxious, macabre disbelief.
Daisy is the first to come up with a plan. “We find out who those men were, and where they took whoever was in that body bag.” The men who escaped the morgue worked for someone; she is sure of it. With a voice full of confidence and conviction, she explains, “We find the body bag thieves, and we find who murdered Donnie…” looking Jason in the eye, “…and kill them.”
Jason nods his understanding and feels the darkness inside of him stir, eager to be let loose again.
After another brief silence, Peter speaks. “There’s a club owner I use for information. We could start there?”
Jason shakes his head, “No, I have an idea. Let me make a call.” He borrows Speedwell’s cell phone and dials Rose, quickly explaining what happened in the morgue.
Rose guesses what he wants, “I’ll call you back as soon as I find out whose body is missing from the morgue records.”
Jason hears the tension in her voice. He does not know what to say to breach the walls separating them. “I’m sorry, Rose. I can’t help what I am. I love you like my mother. When I lost her, I couldn’t have asked for a better person to take care of me. You are amazing, and I never wanted to scare you. I’d never hurt you.” Pouring the very best of him into the words, he feels a weight lift from his heart.
Rose pauses on the other end of the line. Not understanding what Jason has become, he will always be the sweet little boy who stole her heart all those years ago. “I know, baby, and I love you too. I’ll call you back once I find something.” With that, she hangs up.
Jason smiles sweetly, pleased at Rose speaking with him again. With a nod of thanks, he hands the phone back to Speedwell.
After a short respite, Rose calls back, and the call is placed on speaker.
In a conspiratorial whisper, hand partially covering the receiver,she reports, “The police are still here. It took me a while, but I was able to find out some things.” Rose pauses.
“What is it? What did you find out?” Speedwell asks.
“It was Lily. They took Lily’s body,” She answers, dumbfounded. “But that’s not possible. I pronounced her dead myself.”
“That…” Speedwell begins, but is too confused to finish.
“Doesn’t make any sense, I know,” Rose finishes for her.
“A Denizen mind has orchestrated all of this. I don’t know his name, just his dark nature, and damned black clothing,” Peter comments aloud, shaking his head in disgust.
“Oh my god, the Man in Black?” Daisy asks, a jolt of fear coursing through her just mentioning that son of a bitch.
“Yes, the Man in Black, a terrible creature of extraordinary power. He has a patron in the city named Anthony Bolivar,” Peter answers.
“Shit,” Speedwell curses.
“What? Who is Anthony Bolivar? And how do you know so much about all this?” Daisy asks Peter.
Hearing the suspicion in her voice, he chooses the next words carefully. “I have been watching Bolivar for a long time, and I have been trying to understand the Man in Black’s plan for Jack.”
Daisy, satisfied with the answer, still does not understand the connection. “What does he want with Lily?”
“We’re going to go ask him,” Peter declares. Speedwell nods, sharing a look of agreement with Daisy on their current course.
Jason thanks Rose and says they will be in touch soon. Wishing them all well, she hangs up.
“All right, let’s get going,” Daisy says. Getting to her feet, she moves to one of the large black duffel bags lying near the desk. Unzipping it, she chooses from a myriad of weapons and armor. The others follow her lead. Speedwell reloads her service pistol and secures three extra magazines along with a piece of upper body armor. Peter reloads his revolver and takes two large blades from the duffel bag. He offers one to Speedwell, but she looks at him like he is crazy.
Peter smiles. “You can kill men with that,” he explains, nodding at her gun, “but the monsters like the Man in Black or Bolivar’s son die when you destroy their heart.” He pushes the sheathed blade into Speedwell’s free hand. “You’ll need this before we’re through.”
Speedwell shoots a sidelong glance towards Jason, who is tentatively picking through the remaining weapons looking for something he understands. Looking up from rummaging, he nods an acknowledgment to Speedwell. He has been pondering his situation since this morning, the fact he is something not wholly human, and all that it implies. Deciding to forego a weapon, and understanding Peter’s comment about protecting the heart, he dons a high-collared ballistic flack vest.
The group leaves the office building, heading out into the night. Peter leads them down to the street level, and they walk several city blocks without saying a word. Entering an abandoned parking garage, they begin descending into the underground storage area. On the bottom floor of the weathered structure, there is a long row of secured parking stalls. Key combination pads raise the metal rolling door to the individual parking stalls and allow the owners access to their vehicles. Most of the stalls are wastes of rusting metal, filled with detritus accumulated over time. At the last booth, Peter stops at a rolling metal door rusted with age. The keypad does not have power. He reaches down and takes hold of some loose wires, twisting and connecting them. A red light flickers to life on the keypad; entering a passcode, the red turns green. Tired, rusty gears rattle, and the metal door rolls up loudly into itself. The vehicle inside is an armored transport. It has a massive engine, reinforced frame, armored outer body, and is not technically street legal.
They pile into the vehicle, with Peter taking the driver’s seat. The engine rumbles to life, exhaust making a throaty noise that quickly builds in subsonic vibration. The transport leaves the parking garage and powers out into the streets of Edge City.
Roaring onwards through the night, they arrive sometime later at the downtown plaza. The streets are empty at this early hour. A storm has blown in, providing a deluge. Streetlamps accent the buildings, throwing harsh shadows in the downpour. The contrasting darkness, unnaturally pitch-black and abysmal, seemingly writhes of its own accord.
“I know a way in through the back,” Peter says, turning the wheel, and driving down a service alley behind Bolivar’s skyscraper.
Creeping down the alleyway, the transport makes another turn into a loading dock area. “How do you know about this place?” Daisy asks.
“I’m an investigator for hire. It takes you places, and you learn a lot about the nooks and crannies of the city,” Peter answers as the vehicle comes to a halt.
“There is a service elevator just inside that door,” he explains, pointing out of the windshield. “We have to move fast, and if we’re fortunate, we’ll have a path to the penthouse and Bolivar.” He sounds confident as he turns the vehicle off.
Exiting, they make their way through the rain. After a few awkward moments they are inside the building. Finding the service elevator without alerting any guards, they move towards the upper levels of the vast structure. Jason’s hackles rise on the back of his neck. Daisy is alert and feeling claustrophobic in the elevator ride up. Peter is entirely calm, and Speedwell is close behind him.
Jason’s anxiety continues to rise, as he inwardly fights the darkness the Man in Black has awakened. A growing sense of power builds; his breathing comes quickly and heart races. The upward motion stops, and the electronic bell chimes; the elevator doors hesitate for a moment before opening roughly. The penthouse windows are gone, wind and rain billow in through the jagged holes, andshattered furniture and broken glass litter the damp floor. The only light comes from the few remaining wall sconces and recessed lights. The place looks like a warzone.
The only piece of furniture not destroyed is the CEO’s desk, carved from a solid piece of granite, at the rear of the office. Behind it, a large office chair faces the rear of the penthouse. Recessed in the back wall is a large, metal vault door with an electronic keypad. The door’s surface is scarred and raw, where something has clawed at it. The large office chair begins to turn around as Peter takes point, leading the group into the room. Moving forward, he stands before the desk as Anthony Bolivar finishes turning in the chair to face those invading his lair.
Speedwell takes partial cover behind a pile of rubble. Jason instinctively shields Daisy with the bulk of his massive frame as he sees Bolivar for the first time. Already a beast of a man, the villain’s presence seems to bleed malevolence into the air. Bolivar’s lips twitch, but as the words form on his lips, he stops. A smile breaks across his face, and he laughs like a lunatic. As the laugh reaches a terrible crescendo, his skin begins to flow, and bones break as his body changes into something horrible.
Anthony Bolivar transforms into a terrifying creature.
Flesh as dark as pitch, and tough as iron. Red tracers of liquid fire, like magma, bulge in veins just beneath the skin. Large, leathery wings sprout from its back. Its knees bend backward and end in cloven hooves of stone. The face protrudes outward, resembling a canine. Wicked ebony twisted horns sprout across the head and shoulders. Eyes like empty pits, with blazing fiery pupils, stare out with malevolent hatred.
The Denizen’s striking image is like a glimpse into the fevered dreams of a madman. Glowing veins throw strange, sickening shadows across the shattered remains of the penthouse floor.
Peter is closest, gun pointing at the Denizen. “Beautiful,” he says softly, silently cursing their luck.
Speedwell is too stunned to aim her weapon. Daisy sights down her firearm as Jason roars in outrage. The thing that was Bolivar makes an awful noise, like the sound of pigs squealing and babies crying. The Denizen is laughing. Moving faster than the eye can follow, the beast lashes out with taloned claws, grabbing Peter. It lifts his screaming body off the ground and flings him across the broken penthouse. He slams hard into a wall, body crumpling to the floor. The sight of Peter’s limp form shakes Speedwell from shock. She runs to him, shielding his body protectively, and finally brings up the gun. The Denizen takes a tremendous step forward. The room shudders beneath its gait as the beast continues its awful laughter.
An explosion of light fills the penthouse.
● ACT V ●
The Planet Laer; A Long Time Ago
The sky was a gloomy crimson red. The smell of sulfur and stale sweat filled the hot, dry air. The sound of murmuring children, their feet shuffling on the worn path in the ancient forest, was punctuated with the roars of the slave drivers and the sharp crack of their whips. With every lash, a child would cry out and fall, some never to rise again.
Every two hundred years, the slave drivers and their monsters would come and take their pick of the humans’ children. The oldest of the fiends walked like men, but their eyes were solid black orbs, and underneath their human visage lurked terrible things. Their names were only ever whispered amongst the children, “Denizen”. They were ancient foes, monsters made of night and shadows that had roamed long before humankind ever came into the universe.
For generations, they had taken the children from human settlements. They would leave only the youngest, those who could not make the arduous journey to the summit of Mount Kaern. Humans only existed to slake the Denizen gods’ dark hunger.
A gangly youth named Drake shuffled amongst the hundreds of children. It was months ago he had been taken from the village. His sky-blue eyes darted beneath scraggly black hair as he heard someone talking a few feet away. If he could hear them, then they were talking too loudly. A slave driver’s voice yelled out in a guttural ancient language. Something dark and sinewy responded. It bounded from the tree line and into the crowd of children. There were screams and panic as the monster tore into the child who was speaking. All of them knew to keep their eyes down and their mouths shut; that the Denizen only tolerated the barest of hushed whispers, the quickest of glances. Drake’s heart pounded as he moved away from the panicked area.
The Denizen drove the youths hard for weeks, and dozens died along the way. Finally, the masses of children arrived at the camp at Kaern Mountain’s base. The slave drivers and their monsters were busy preparing for their sacrificial rituals. Their attentions averted, the noose of terror around the children’s necks loosened a fraction. A young girl next to Drake collapsed to the dirt from exhaustion. He glanced around to see if anyone noticed and saw none of the monsters, only a single distracted slave-driver. He rushed over and lifted her back to her feet. She nodded her thanks and shuffled away. Confident his actions went unnoticed, he paused and looked around. He saw the ancient dark mountain obscuring most of the crimson sky. Weariness threatened to overcome him as he took in the vastness of the dark spire. The oppression of its slopes foreshadowed the terrible fate that waited for him and the others.
The hopelessness brought on by the sight of the mountain was too much for Drake to bear. He turned his head to look away in defeat. Through the perpetual gloom, he could make out several stars in the sky. One seemed brighter than the others. He watched the celestial body as it pulsed in brilliant luminescence. As if the force holding it in the night sky was suddenly cut away, it fell like a gossamer glowing thread into the wastelands surrounding the mountain. Drake was the only one who had seen the falling light. It called to him, filling him with strength and purpose. Chest and limbs burned with an eagerness he had never known. Faced with an ignoble fate, or the possibility of escape into the wilderness, he hesitated only a moment and then ran as fast as he could towards the nearest tree line. Thoughts of being ripped to shreds, or worse, assailed him. His heart hammered, and he breathed too rapidly. Muscles cramped, and his pace began to slow. The falling star in the distance pulsed with power, and Drake felt it pulling him desperately onward. He pushed through the pain and made it to the tree line. He collapsed for a few moments, caught his breath, and listened for any sign of pursuit. A reluctant calm settled over him. Satisfied he had avoided notice, he stayed low and scurried through the underbrush away from the camp.
Drake traveled through the wastelands for hours. Black boulders punctuated the red sand dunes in every direction. Focused on the light, it guided him across the hostile land.
When he arrived where the light met the ground, he saw a glowing column extended upwards into the heavens. In the center of the tunnel of light, there was an infant. Beneath the babe, instead of rough sand, a perfect circle of green grass grew. The child cooed and smiled as it saw Drake. As he approached, a Denizen stumbled upon this special place. From behind a jagged black crag of rock, the enormous monster stalked into the clearing. The fiend had four solid black orbs for eyes, skin as black as the shadows, and an awful maw filled with rows of razor-sharp teeth.
The Denizen tensed, ready to charge at the child. Drake did not have time to think. He sprinted forward without regard. On all fours, the beast towered over him with its massive bulk. Its black scale-covered tail whipped back and forth in excitement over the tasty treat it had found as its enormous gait brought it quickly to the child. Drake leaped as the Denizen let out an awful roar and attacked. His upper body collided with the roaring devil. He grappled with the villain and held its razor-edged front claws at bay. The Denizen’s mouth snapped and growled in frustration as Drake held it fast. Stinking sulfuric breath and spatters of drool assaulted his face. Both combatants struggled, fully in the column of starlight, with the babe at their feet between them.
As the two wrestled, Drake looked away from the vicious jaws and caught the child staring up at him with wide eyes that glowed with an inner light. Sensing danger, the gossamer thread shining down from the heavens grew into a brilliant spear of golden power that crashed explosively into the ground. The spear illuminated the dark wilderness and the deadlands, shining far to the reaches of the vast ocean and the eastern shores of the great Lake Tratone. The energy instantly incinerated those Denizen caught in it, save for the largest and oldest of them. Those that survived retreated to the dark lands beyond the light’s reach. Some hid in the vast forests, while others took the form of men and hid amongst the human populace.
No longer were the skies only a gloomy red where shadows ruled, and people were slaves to the Denizen. The light came, and with it, the slave boy Drake, the Denizen monster, and the child were changed. Drake grew stronger and faster than any mortal man. The Denizen, whom he had fought within the circle of light, transformed into a man, a dark figure with solid black orbs for eyes. At his core, the man was still a monster, but something inside had changed. By entering the column of luminescence, the child at their feet had considered them both worthy of being its guardians, and tied their fates together.
The babe grew miraculously into a man within a day. With the two Guardians alongside him, the man united the former slaves of the Denizen and became king. He ruled over the land fighting back the intrusive monsters that waited just beyond the light’s edge.
Eventually, he fathered a child, and on that day, he issued a final, fatal command to his Guardians, “You have protected me for these long years. Now I ask you to do the same for my child. But hear me, no matter what else, my son must survive. Above all other commands I have given you, keep him safe.”
The Planet Laer; Now
Jack wakes, finding himself wet and cold from the dew on the grass. Giant trees block out the sun as they loom like ill-gotten harriers. After a few moments, getting to his feet, he looks upward into the forest canopy and sees the sky is not blue, but a dark crimson.
“Where the hell am I?”
A glimmer playing through the dense forest catches his eye. He starts walking through the woods, towards the distant light. The sound of him finding a path through the thick underbrush fills the air. Pausing, he sees nothing but trees around him and the shimmering thing in the distance. There are no sounds, no birds, and no wind.
After what seems like hours of walking, the distant glimmer has gotten closer, and Jack discovers a rough path. Following it, he comes to an archway cut out of the woods and surrounding vegetation. The illumination coming through the opening is harsh, but a welcome relief from the dreary and dismal forest. Looking out, he sees a grassy clearing of emerald green. The blades of tall grass sway in the breeze, crashing like waves against the murky forest surrounding the glen.
Stepping further out, he sees an overturned tree. Sitting on the upturned timber is a woman wearing a yellow dress, smiling serenely. She opens her eyes, glancing at him. He feels found and lost at the same time. He moves to stand before her.
Her yellow dress shines brilliantly in the daylight.
Barely whispering, he tells her everything. “I thought I lost you.”
A cool rush of emotions spreads through him, suffocating the embers of anger and loss still smoldering within. For a moment, everything is perfect. Jack and Lily are together again.
There is a subtle change in the wind. Underneath the sound of the grass rustling, there are faint echoes far off in the distance. At first, it sounds like voices, but rapidly the noise changes, becoming something horrible: the sound of people screaming and shouting in a panic, and behind the cacophony, something enormous crashing through the woods. The air turns stale with the stink of sulfur. The temperature in the glen drops dramatically. Jack can feel the terribleness of the monster and the fear of the people it chases.
With a roar of voices and an explosion of the forest, hundreds of soldiers come pouring across the glen fleeing from a glowing red light building in the woods behind them. An ear-splitting roar, accompanying the red glow, fills the air. It comes from a beast born from the most ancient nightmares in the cosmos, a terrible force whose only desire is to kill and destroy. The titan’s enormous girth smashes through the trees, quickly nearing.
Jack stands tall and firm, as the soldiery come racing through the tall grass towards him and Lily. Turning his head, he looks at her; there is no fear in her eyes, only love. He remembers the moments before he blacked out in the alley, the ring box in his pocket, Lily dying in his arms. Standing there with her, somehow alive, raging emotions evaporate into a harmonious peace and serenity with all things.
“Stop…” Jack’s voice booms impossibly loud across the glen. The fleeing people take notice; their charge slows to a stop, the terror chasing them momentarily forgotten. All sounds, even the bellows of the beast are gone. “…you will not touch her.”
The hundreds of soldiers stand with looks of serenity and reverence painted on their faces. All have a brilliant light shining and growing in intensity upon their bodies. One of them, a leader among the group, steps forward. He moves towards Jack, walking slowly, keeping both hands open and down near his sides.
The man smiles as tears of profound joy streak down his face. He turns back to the hundreds standing in awe before Jack and screams, “The king has returned!”
The forest on the far side of the glen explodes outward in an avalanche of splintered wood and earth. Trees uproot as though they weigh nothing. The creature is kicking them out of the ground with its tremendous strides as it charges forward. As the behemoth comes, Jack’s perception of time slows to a crawl.
The Denizen is over a hundred feet tall. Its massive form blots out the sun and casts a pitch-black shadow. It has a canine-like head filled with too many teeth. Two enormous black horns protrude from the top of its head and twist angrily back over its skull. Its body is solid muscle covered in furry, ebony skin. The beast’s building-sized chest heaves as it holds a two-hundred-year-old tree in one of its massively clawed hands. It stands upright on two impossibly large legs for a moment and pauses. The leaves that exploded outward and upward into the glen flutter around its dark form like butterflies caught in the wind of a storm.
Four glossy insect eyes burn bright red with rage. The monster blinks and notices the band of soldiers, feeling its hunger for their flesh crescendo with anticipation. Then it notices something behind them. It looks right at Jack and into him. With ancient eyes, the monster sees the burning light lying just beneath the surface of his skin. It knows in an instant what and who Jack is. Its mouth yawns open, and a significant bellow issues forth. The warrior standing before Jack draws a sword and orders the remaining troops into a defensive position. They hesitate for an instant and then obey as the beast lunges forward on massively powerful legs.
Jack stands his ground, watching the beast charge across the tall grass. To him, the beast’s movements are cumbersome as time itself slows. Aware on a level unlike any other he has ever experienced, he can see the soldiers’ fear and courage like gleaming slivers of blue and red light burning brightly in their chests. He can see the blood coursing through their veins, and the thoughts sparking across their minds. Their beings appear to him as swirling forms of colored glass, multi-faceted and flowing with life. Each of them glows with their inner brilliance as they wait to fight. Jack looks away from the troops towards the charging beast. It has no light beneath its skin. The beasts’ insides are so dark it aches with a never-ending emptiness radiating outwards like a black hole. Its massive stygian form grows as it covers the distance.
To the right, roughly fifty meters from Jack, a small tornado of branches, leaves, and air explode. At the center of the explosion is a man moving at incredible speed. He stands at least nine feet tall, built like a tank, wearing patchwork leather breeches, knee-high boots, and shoulder armor running from the left side of the neck down to the knuckles of his hand. The armor looks as though it has seen better days; its reflective finish is covered in dirt, grime, and greenery from the surrounding woods. The man has barely left the tree line but already covered half the distance to the rampaging monster.
The building-sized horror’s eyes have bled from a burning red to dark maroon. The Denizen bellows again, and Jack hears nothing but a single, high-pitched note of sound. Barely able to keep his eyes focused on the terrible juggernaut, his blood boils, and the breath in his lungs turns to fire. His eyes begin to burn, and he feels like he is going to pass out. Unable to draw breath, Jack’s legs buckle, dropping him to his knees.
“Lord! Do not look away from the beast!” the lead soldier screams. Sprinting a few steps, he slides to his knees and jerks the young man’s head upward. The ground rumbles terribly as the Denizen is nearly upon them. Jack’s eyes burn as though broken glass and gasoline were poured into them. Forcing his eyes open, he sees one soldier trampled to death by the villain. Arrows fly through the air in slow motion, rivulets of black blood flow down the side of the beast’s face. A lucky arrow strikes the monster’s right eye but does not slow it down.
The giant man from the woods is bellowing something to the soldiers, but Jack cannot hear him. All he can hear is the blood thundering through his body and the sound of a single perfect note of sound building inside his head. The Denizen blocks out the sun as it lowers its head and opens its mouth to devour Jack. The giant man leaps with the grace of a dancer and, in one beautiful motion, throws himself into the behemoth's right kneecap. The beast’s leg collapses, and it stumbles. Its open mouth, full of fanged teeth and stinking of sulfur, crashes forward, like some grotesque mountainous nightmare.
The building fire inside of Jack peaks in a crescendo of power and fury. Blazing white light lances outwards from his eyes. The blast fills the glen and illuminates everything in a harsh, washed-out brilliance. The luminescence expands rapidly, and where it strikes the Denizen, nothing is left except for a massive hole where the beast’s mouth had been a moment before. The light explodes out the back of the fiend’s head and continues into the waning evening sky. The Denizen’s giant, eight-story form collapses with earth-shaking force. Its body continues forward with tremendous momentum. Jack blacks out, falling to the ground. The lead soldier catches him and quickly drags him out of the way as the beast gouges a deep trench in the earth, grinding slowly to a halt.
With the Denizen defeated, the soldiers gather around Jack. The giant man walks over, acknowledging the lead soldier holding the young man. “Mandrigal, you have done well.’
As the giant speaks, Mandrigal’s eyes seethe with anger, and limbs tremble with hatred. He looks down at Jack’s resting form. When he looks back up, tears are streaking down his cheeks. “Thank you, Guardian,” he says with venom.
The giant man kneels and gently takes Jack from Mandrigal, lifting him as though he weighs nothing. His hawk blue eyes swirl and storm. They burn with bright azure light as the last of the soldiers gather around. A hooded archer runs out of the woods to join the group. Bow strung over his shoulder, he does not speak. He only nods at Mandrigal and then glances towards the giant’s towering form and the young man in his arms. The archer stops a respectful distance away and drops to his knees, overwhelmed with emotion. The rest of the warriors take their leave and kneel, staring at Jack with looks of reverence.
The giant man, known in this world as the Guardian and in other worlds as a man named Drake, lets a small smile part his lips. “The king has returned.”
Jack begins to stir and wake, and Drake sets him down. He stands groggily, feeling as if in a dream, mind struggling to understand what is happening and where he is. Overcoming some of the disorientation, a single thought strikes him, Lily. He spins around and sees her still sitting there on the tree trunk several yards away, smiling at him. He cannot understand what he is seeing.
As Jack strides away quickly to embrace her, Drake yells a warning. “Wait!”
Jack glances behind to see Drake starting to lunge forward and the soldiers drawing their weapons. Distracted, he comes to a halt, feeling a piercing cold lance through his body. Turning his head, he sees a slender blade stabbing through the left shoulder. The icy intensity of the wound fades quickly, replaced with pain and the warm sensation of lifeblood escaping out. The world turns gray around the edges as black stars dance across his vision. The last thing he sees before passing out is Lily standing before him, hand bloody from where she stabbed him, and her eyes bleeding to become solid black.

The Dark Lily
Jack is on an empty beach walking with no direction. A light breeze blows mist from the cold, grey ocean. Gentle waves lap a few feet away as an aching void fills his mind. He stops walking to scream out at the nothingness, but no sound escapes his lips. He wakes with a start as someone delicately touches his arm.
“Wake up, Jack,” Drake says, looking down on him with cold, blue eyes.
The giant sits on the dirt floor of a large canvas tent. The center post holding up the pavilion is a few feet away and ringed with small totems and strange fetishes. The interior is cast in a dull radiance by lamps placed strategically around. The flames of nearby campfires cause shadows of the soldiers outside to play across the canvas walls.
Jack lays propped upright on a bed of furs. Crisp night air touches bare skin as bandages pull tight against his chest. Trying to rise to a better sitting position in the bed, the effort is rewarded with a lancing pain shooting through the wounded shoulder. Drake places a large hand gently on Jack’s uninjured arm, causing him to slump back down.
“Where am I?” he asks, throat dry with a terrible thirst. A rhythmic aching throughout his body assails him.
“We made a camp near where you fell,” Drake answers, reaching towards a small wooden table and retrieving a metal canteen. Unscrewing the cap, he hands it to Jack. He reaches up slowly, trying not to disturb the injury. Placing the container to his lips and tasting the fresh, sweet water, he gulps down half the contents before stopping. A trickle drips down his chin as he nods appreciatively to Drake.
Jack takes a moment to think what he should ask next, then recalls where he knows Drake. “Back at the hospital, you looked different. Your eyes are the same, and your face,” he says, studying the giant, “but your body is huge now. Why do you look so different? Who are you?”
A sad smile pulls at the other man’s lips. He looks down, bowing his massive head, “You know me as Drake, and I am your guardian, Jack.”
“My guardian? What are you talking about?”
“I am your father’s guardian,” he replies.
Jack’s face shows confusion. With a bit of effort and some pain, he sits upright, favoring his uninjured side. “My father? I don’t have any parents. I only had my guardians growing up.”
Drake’s face darkens, and eyes blaze with an inner light. The giant man’s body becomes taut and trembles, “Those wretches at the house told you they were your ‘guardians’ to mock your heritage and confuse you.” Forcing himself to be calm, the building light in his eyes dims slightly.
The other man’s anger does not frighten Jack. “So why don’t you explain it to me?”
Drake relaxes a fraction more, eyes returning to their sky-blue color, “This world is called Laer. In a different age, there were child sacrifices, and the Denizen monsters ruled. I am one of those children. During the long journey from my home to the monster’s sacrificial mountain, I thought I was going to die. Just as we arrived at our destination, I helped a young girl to her feet…” the giant man’s eyes look distant “… I don’t know what became of her. I saw a falling star, and it called me towards it. It was beautiful, Jack, so glorious. Traveling through the great red desert, I found a baby, your father, in a small clearing.”
“Wait,” Jack says, stopping Drake. The ache in his shoulder throbs, making it difficult to focus. He does not grasp this part of the story. “My father was a baby when you found him? I don’t understand.”
Drake smiles, nodding his head, “Your father was born from the light and into this world as a child. Do not ask me how, but he grew to manhood within a day.”
Jack shakes his head. “That’s impossible.”
Drake shrugs massive shoulders, “But it is the truth. The Denizen you call the Man in Black changed from a beast into a man. I picked up the child we had found, and we three came back to the slavers’ camp to find all the Denizen dead or run off. And by nightfall, your father had grown into a man. I cannot explain it.”
The pain in Jack’s shoulder makes him woozy. “What is the Man in Black?”
A look of surprise passes over Drake’s face. “He is my other half. Your father’s Guardian, and yours.”
A terrible moment of understanding dawns. “The Man in Black, does he have a name?” A wave of pain takes his breath away, and he lies back down.
Drake shakes his head, “Only your father knew his true name.”
The pain finally overwhelms Jack, and he passes out. After a few minutes, he jolts awake with a start. A mature woman with a motherly face, and eyes as hard as stone, now watches over him. Her clothing cannot hide a lean and sturdy build. A dark cloak of good quality is pulled back across her shoulders.
She sits on the edge of the bed, holding a cold rag across his forehead. Smiling when she sees he is awake, she says, “Sshhh, it’s all right now. You’re safe, my lord.” Her voice is confident and warm.
The younger man’s body relaxes. “Thank you. I’m Jack by the way.”
Tan skin pulls tight around the edges of her eyes as her smile widens. “I know. May I call you Jack?” she asks politely.
He nods gently. “I’d appreciate it if you did. What may I call you?” He reaches up, taking the damp rag from her, holding it to his forehead. The older woman leans over to a small table, picking up a wooden bowl of something smelling of herbs, broth, and meat. She holds it out for him to take, but he shakes his head. “I feel like I’m going to throw up.”
Her smile fades, replaced with the stern look of a woman who has cared for many children in her life. “My name is Lynn, and I promise if you eat some of this stew I’ve made, you won’t throw up.”
Jack’s whole body is burning and freezing at the same time. Sweating and nauseous, he shifts himself awkwardly to a sitting position on the bed. He reaches out with a shaking hand, pain shooting through his body before he slumps back down. Lynn leans in closely, bringing the steaming bowl to his lips. He hesitantly takes a few sips and finds it delicious. As the warm contents of the container move down into his body, the chills begin to fade, and his strength starts to return.
“Thank you,” Jack manages to say, between sips.
The warm, motherly smile returns to Lynn’s face. “You are most welcome.”
Drake stands off to the side, leaning his bulk up against one of the tent’s support posts, watching the pair of them.
Jack tries to sit up again and succeeds. He takes the bowl of steaming food with a thankful nod to Lynn and drinks the contents until it is empty. Closing his eyes for a moment, the headache and shoulder pain fade, dying down to a manageable level. He nods thanks again to Lynn as she takes the empty bowl. “The Man in Black, what is he, and where did he come from?”
Lynn’s body goes deathly still. All the joy bleeds from her eyes. Instead of the warm, motherly figure, she now looks like a warrior fresh from the battlefield. Old memories and trauma haunt her features for an instant before being replaced by rock hard conviction and disciplined poise. She stands very slowly and leaves the tent. Jack looks to Drake for an answer, but before the giant can speak, Lynn returns with a long, masterly crafted spear. The weapon is perfectly balanced, with a wicked spear tip attached. She carries it with the confident, almost casual, ease of someone who has mastered the art of fighting with such a weapon. She stands before Jack and kneels on the soft, earthen floor of the tent, “My life is yours, Jack. I will keep the light and not fear the dark for the rest of my days at your side.” Her voice holds an edge of righteous conviction.
Jack does not know what to say, so instead, he nods. He looks to Drake for a moment as Lynn stands slowly, “Thank you,” he says, voice betraying unease at the woman’s behavior.
“Jack, she has pledged her life to protect yours. The words she spoke are an oath,” Drake says as if it will explain everything. But Jack does not come from a place of oaths or great deeds. He comes from a world of pain and loss, a place where silver-tongued, two-faced corrupt cowards run things. Mind-wandering for a moment, he thinks of Lily in the yellow robe at the cabin. Unable to grasp all that is happening, feelings of anxiety, loss, and fear assault him. He looks away from Drake and Lynn, hoping they do not see his weakness. There is an empty void growing inside of him amidst the shock and emotional turmoil. His life’s purpose, to be with the one he loves, is gone. Eyes stare distantly at nothing while a terrible sense of loneliness assails him.
Lynn reads the confusion and sorrow in him as he looks away. She sits down on the bed and runs a hand gently through his hair. He cannot bear the feelings and thoughts inside of him; his anchor point in the world is gone, and he is in a strange place—a place where monsters and giants dwell.
“It’s going to be all right, Jack,” Lynn speaks softly, voice reassuring and calming. He blinks as tears fall from his haunted eyes.
Loud noises from outside the tent draw his attention. Lynn turns her head, eyes narrowing, “Tell them the king needs rest.”
Drake nods and obeys. Putting down his bowl, he moves to the tent flap. Opening it briefly, he issues whispered orders to whoever is there and comes back inside. Shortly, the arguing voices lower in volume.
“What’s going on out there?” Jack asks.
Lynn sighs, closing her eyes for a moment before answering, “Our troupe is an amalgam of people from all different walks of life. Most are soldiers, and some of us have extreme opinions regarding how to handle the prisoner.”
A moment of clarity makes its way through the strangeness of the surroundings. “The prisoner? You mean Lily? Where is she?”
Lynn wants to answer, but hesitates, looking to Drake. The giant man nods and steps forward. “She is under guard.” The answer is hesitant, and his tone slightly condescending.
The unwillingness to answer Jack’s questions is evident from the evasive answer. Feelings of loss and despair blossom to anger at Drake’s tone. Wanting answers, he looks to Lynn. “Take me to her, please.”
She nods her assent; then waits as Jack tries to sit up on his own and cries out in anguish. After a moment’s pause to adjust to the incredible pain, he tries again to rise.
Lynn quickly disassembles her weapon, removing the spear tip from the wooden stave. Securing the blade to her person, she offers Jack an arm and the staff for support. Throwing an arm around her shoulders, and with effort on both their parts, Jack rises shakily to his feet. Taking the walking stick, he starts to stagger towards the tent opening.
Fighting through the pain, and subsequent nausea, Jack leans forward and takes a deep breath. He nearly falls, but Drake is there, catching him. Steadying himself again, he walks through the tent’s flap, leaning heavily on the staff and into the camp. Trailing close behind him, Lynn shoots a concerned look to Drake, but the giant stands impassive, face betraying no emotion.
The cold night air slaps Jack hard in the face. Instantly, his weakened body begins to shake uncontrollably. Lynn comes up from behind, wrapping a fur blanket around his shoulders, and then steps back.
There are several cook fires with people milling around them. In the center of the camp, a massive bonfire blazes with warriors in a loose half-ring sitting around it. There are half a dozen tents like Jack’s within the perimeter of the camp. The sound of soldiers talking, and the smell of spitted meat cooking fills the air.
The two men standing guard outside Jack’s tent startle as he steps unsteadily into the camp with Drake and Lynn close behind. They recover quickly, bowing their heads in supplication. The other soldiers around the camp notice Jack and promptly fall silent. The noise of the fires crackling and the light breeze rustling through the thick canopy of trees is the only sound.
Jack notices the warrior known as Mandrigal, standing near the bonfire at the center of the camp and staggers towards him. The other man lowers himself to one knee. Following Mandrigal’s example, every other soldier, including Drake and Lynn, do the same.
“My lord, you should not be up. You must rest,” Mandrigal says with genuine concern, not looking up from the ground.
“Get up. All of you get up, please,” Jack requests respectfully.
Mandrigal stands up smartly, his shoulders square and jaw tight with tension. “What is your order, my lord?”
Jack thinks for a moment before answering. “First, stop calling me ‘Lord,’ my name is Jack.” Mandrigal nods in understanding. “Where is the thing that stabbed me?” His voice and eyes are intense. The soldiers’ eyes dart to a guarded tent directly left of the bonfire. Without another word, Jack hobbles towards it.
In his hurry, Jack stumbles to his knees, letting out a sharp cry of pain.
“Nathaniel.” Lynn’s voice is both a plea and a command. A tall, lean man, with dark hair held tight in a top knot, melts from the shadows. He wears a scaly patchwork leather cloak that looks somehow alive and dangerous. Where he moves, the garment flows about him, stygian shadows bleeding out of it, leaving no sound of his passing. Several wicked looking blades strapped to his forearms, a bow strung across his shoulders, and an exotic sheath tied to his hip adds to the formidable appearance.
As Nathaniel helps Jack back to his feet, Drake moves to the prisoner’s tent barring the way with his massive body. Seeing the giant’s attempt to keep him from entering, Jack is done asking questions. “Move,” he growls through pain clenched teeth. After a few tense moments, the giant warrior moves grudgingly to the side.
Nathaniel looks to Lynn for guidance on what to do. Shaking her head, he does not intervene to stop Jack from entering. Nathaniel is one of the Shayani, freed slaves of the far northeast where the last of the Denizen Kingdoms still stand; a savage place of forestland where trees have grown to enormous dimensions and terrible things lurk.
“Lord, she already tried to kill you…” Drake starts to say, in a soft, pleading voice.
Jack does not pause as he walks past him and into the tent. “She had me dead to rights, and I’m still alive.”
The space is empty save for a single occupant. The prisoner is lying on the dirt floor, tied to the tent’s center post. After a few shaking steps, Jack stops dead as if struck. There is Lily, his Lily. The pain in his shoulder is a dull ache, but it is nothing to the raw, terrible rend in his heart. It feels like all the warmth in him is turning to ice. Please forgive me, he thinks as the weight goes out of his legs; they wobble briefly and then collapse. On his knees, Jack's breath comes rapid and shallow. Eyes close tight, and he tries to will everything that has happened away.
The inside of the tent is cool and damp. He kneels silently for a long time before overcoming the deep, aching sense of loss. “What are you?” he asks, voice a whisper.
The woman lies on her side, several feet from him, with hands tied behind her back. Her legs are secured at the ankles. Dull lamplight illuminates the inside of the canvas, playing off the woman’s skin. With effort, she leans up from the dirt slightly, staring at him. Cocking her head to the side, “We watch,” she answers. Her voice is not Lily’s. It is higher in tone and softer, with a slight lilt that comes out in a sing-song way.
The strangeness of it helps Jack to snap out of the internal prison for a moment. With tear-filled eyes, he asks, “What are you?” pain dripping from the words.
The young woman and her kind have been long removed from the eyes of humans and have forgotten much. In this instance, the ability to communicate complex ideas proves difficult for her. “We hide,” is all she can answer.
Jack does not understand what she is trying to tell him. He takes a deep, steadying breath and, in a slow, clear voice, asks again, “What are you?”
Her lips form a small smile. “We are Denizen.”
“WHAT?” Jack shouts with rage. The tent’s flap snaps open. Instantly, Drake is moving in front of him and towards the prisoner. Nathaniel enters behind the giant, bow in hand, notched arrow aimed for the woman’s heart. Jack puts up a hand, halting the soldiers’ attack.
Though the tent is spacious on the inside, Drake must hunch slightly to keep his massive form from scraping against the canvas roof. In one hand, the warrior holds a colossal blade, trembling slightly, poised to strike. The young woman recoils as much as her bonds allow. Her eyes are wide, mouth open in a cry as she shakes her head quickly from side to side. Drake kneels, wrapping a large hand around her thin neck.
Jack sees only Lily’s face and the fear in her eyes. “Drake, stop,” he says in a commanding tone. “You’re scaring her.” The giant does as he commands, pulling the hand back from the woman’s neck. Hesitating a fraction of a second to obey, he moves to stand beside Jack. He lowers the sword, stance taut with readiness.
Opposing fear and anger run through Jack, and he begins to understand this strange woman may not be able to understand. “Drake, what is she?”
“A beast, my lord, who will fill your head with lies. Her people betrayed your father on the field of battle. Their kind prophesied your parents’ death and your loss to us. Speak, and I shall end this wretch,” he answers, never taking his eyes off the prisoner. The warrior’s body is taught with pent up violence ready to explode the instant she presents as a threat.
Even though she cannot clearly understand all being said, she does not miss the threat in Drake’s tone. The woman’s eyes drop to the ground to control her trembling and avoid angering the giant guardian further.
“I’m all right. Now leave us.”
“But—” He begins to argue, but Jack interrupts him.
“I don’t know where I am,” he says with conviction that Drake disregards.
“My king, she is a traitor and will lead you to ruin.”
Jack nods an acknowledgment at the other man’s words. “I am lost and without a compass. I don’t know where I am or who I can trust.” His voice slowly rises in volume and pressure.
Drake leans in close, whispering, “Please, my lord, calm yourself.” A dark look passes over his features. Having slain monsters from the stuff of nightmares, he finds himself afraid of this would be king.
Suspicious of the giant man’s motives, Jack looks up into the warrior’s hard eyes. “I’ll talk to you after I speak with her.”
Drake pauses a moment longer, thinking of saying more, but instead goes to leave the tent. Jack places a hand on his arm, stopping him. He removes a black-handled dagger from the warrior’s belt. The larger man looks down at the unsheathed blade in Jack’s hand and exits, Nathaniel silently following his lead.
When they are alone, Jack turns towards the prisoner and hobbles slowly towards her. She tenses, eyes wide and fixed on the blade in his hand. He struggles to kneel beside her, the pain bringing on another cold sweat. Studying his eyes, she sees they hold no malice. Jack reaches out slowly and awkwardly, injuries making it difficult to grip and cut through the bonds.
As the prisoner comes free, he moves back, keeping the knife in front of him, pointing towards the ground. “Why do you look like her?” he asks in a pained whisper.
“I am Denizen.” she says, looking at him as if the simple statement should explain everything. Jack shakes his head, eyes lowering in frustration at not being able to find the right words.
“I am sorry to bring pain.” she says, reaching out a delicate hand to touch the bandages on his shoulder. A small, golden light begins to glow in her chest. The light travels outward down into her hand. The healing light burns in Jack’s shoulder, but the pain and stiffness quickly fade. He strips away the bandages and sees the injured flesh is healed. Rolling the shoulder, he feels no impediment to its movement. The effects of the light are not limited to his body; thoughts become more precise, and the dull ache of loss lessens to a manageable level.
Keeping his eyes fixed on the dirt floor, he says “Lily is gone, and I can’t look at you like this.”
Pausing for a few moments to process the request, the prisoner speaks again. “Better?”
Jack looks up, eyes going wide and mouth agape. His mind whirls, trying to comprehend. The prisoner’s skin, features, and body have changed. She has blue hair cropped short with waves like the sea accentuated with small spikes like glacial peaks. Large, almond-shaped eyes with neither pupils, irises, nor whites stare at him, swirling with a beautiful storm cloud grey color. Her face is fair, with high cheekbones and angular lines. Her ears look like seashells. And her skin is lavender-blue in hue and has a peculiar luminescence, appearing to glow slightly.
Jack takes in each detail in silence. After staring for several moments at this strangely beautiful blue woman, he asks, “Why did you stab me, and then heal me now?”
Alien eyes set with a pitiable gaze stare at him. His own eyes have changed since coming to this new place, giving him the ability to see in abundant detail. He notes an aching sadness is looming in her strange regard.
“A test.” She says softly, in answer to the question.
Confusion retakes hold of him. “A test? You’re going to have to help me understand that.”
“Needed to see your reaction to an untruth.”
“An untruth?” he asks, feeling his bewilderment growing instead of lessening.
The blue woman looks down at herself. “As the one you loved, untrue.”
“Untrue... You mean when you looked like Lily?” He thinks for a while and, in a moment of realization, understands. “You made yourself look like Lily and then stabbed me… to see how I would react?”
The blue woman nods in the affirmative. Jack smiles to himself. “And, this is a test?” She nods again. He thinks to himself for a moment before asking the next question, “How did I do?”
The young woman sits on her knees and bows her head, respectfully, “Merciful, you saved me from the Guardian and set me free.”
“Please, look at me,” Jack asks. She tilts her head upward, eyes hopeful, lips set in a small smile.
“I didn’t hurt you for stabbing me. And I didn’t let Drake strangle you, and this surprised you?”
“Forgive me,” she asks.
Jack glances at his healed shoulder. “There’s nothing to forgive. Just promise not to stab me again.” He gets to his feet, leaving the dagger on the ground and offering a hand to her.
“I will not hurt you again.” Taking the hand, she allows him to help her stand.
“I don’t know where I am,” Jack says, unsure of many things. Somehow, he is in a world of monsters, blue women, giants, and people who call him ‘king’ and ‘lord.’ This woman may be able to answer some of my questions, he thinks to himself.
The blue woman reaches out a delicate hand and touches him on the chest. “The child is lost in the woods and then found again as a king.” Pulling the hand away, she places it on her chest. “I was the last called on by her people, known as Precien.”
“Precien? That’s you?” he says, pointing at her.
She nods and repeats, “Precien.”
“Okay, you’re Precien, and I’m”—placing a hand on his chest— “Jack.”
“The lost child... Jack?”
This time he nods in the affirmative. They both stand for several seconds, just staring at the other.
“How did the ‘child’ get lost?” Jack queries, pointing to himself.
Precien’s face visibly darkens, becoming hard. Her grey eyes storm and bright flashes arc through them like lightning. “The great betrayal.” She goes on to recount what details she can remember of the stories her adopted father told her. Both she and Jack talk late into the night.The Quest
As the morning light creeps across the sky, the inside of the tent grows lighter. Jack is exhausted. His mind struggles to understand what he has seen and heard during the past day. He is in another world with creatures that should not exist and people who look to him for answers. The situation is still unclear. The others in the camp seem nervous and in shock from their recent battles. Drake’s presence puts everyone on edge. None of them expected to find Jack and especially not the guardian, Drake. They all silently wonder if he is somehow orchestrating all of this. Was he the one to steal Jack away all those years ago? And what of the other guardian, the Man in Black?
Presently, Jack nods off in a chair brought into Precien’s tent. His body jerks as he nearly falls out of the chair, and yelps in surprise. Drake and some of the soldiers burst into the tent with weapons drawn. Jack throws up a hand to stay them off. Precien startles, letting out a small cry of surprise at the sudden commotion. She scurries quickly behind the nearest tent pole.
Seeing he is safe, Drake nods at Jack, and with a tilt of his head, the others sheath their weapons. Jack turns to check on Precien. Nathaniel has snuck in from the back of the tent, his bow drawn, and a gleaming arrow pointing at the girl’s heart.
“It’s okay, relax guys,” Jack says, exhausted. With reluctance and murderous intent still written across his face, the archer lowers his bow. Jack gets to his feet, looking at Precien and then the archer. “Leave her alone.”
The other soldiers eye Jack suspiciously. He looks at them and can see the doubt etched upon their faces. “Her name is Precien, and she’s coming with us. She’s not going to hurt me or anyone else. And you are not going to harm her.” Awaiting their reply, Jack looks at the soldiers and then to Precien. All of them nod in turn. Precien gets to her feet, cringing away from Drake. Jack goes to leave the tent, but her voice halts him.
“Can’t leave,” she says.
He turns back, looking at her questioningly. “What?”
Nathaniel does not wait for her to answer. “She cannot be out in the light, lord; it is best she remains covered. Also, it would benefit the others in camp. They won’t be forced to look upon her,” he says with loathing.
Taken aback for a moment at the venom in Nathaniel’s words, Jack takes a pause. I’m on another planet, and things are different here. I need to catch my breath and get my bearings. He tells Precien, “Stay here. I’ll figure something out.” She nods, and he leaves the tent.
Lynn has woken recently and comes stepping forward from a nearby cook fire.
“Lynn, could you do me a favor?” Jack asks.
“Is everything all right?” she asks, looking at Precien’s tent.
“Yeah, everything’s fine. Could you find a robe for Precien to wear while we travel?”
“Precien?” she questions, raising an eyebrow.
He smiles. “She’s the prisoner. Well, not a prisoner anymore, she’s coming with us.”
Lynn trusts in kind, and without hesitation, concedes. “All right. I need you to do something for me,” she says, features deadly severe. The worry for Jack’s wellbeing has been building in her since the glen.
“Sure, what is it?” He asks with genuine surprise at the intensity in her eyes. She has been kind, and he feels she has no ulterior motive other than helping him.
Seeing he is listening intently, Lynn smiles. Turning back to the cook fire, “First, I need you to eat something.” She picks up a bowl and fills it with something smelling enticing. Handing it to Jack, he takes it with a nod. Leaning down, she finds a wooden spoon and gives it to him. “Second, I need you to listen when I tell you we need to get you back to the safety of the Citadel.”
He nods his head between gulping mouthfuls of the delicious porridge. “How far?”
“A long, hard march. It took us two weeks from the Second Great Wall to get here, so it should take the same to get back if we don’t run into any problems,” she answers.
“And if we do run into problems?” he asks between mouthfuls.
“Then, longer,” Lynn says with a patient certainty.
Jack appreciates her honesty. He does not want to stay in the forest, having already witnessed one of its horrors. I could go it on my own, but with no guide or provisions, I’d be going nowhere. There’s safety in numbers and if the Citadel is the safest place to be…, “All right then. We head towards the Citadel.”
Precien is provided a hooded cloak and joins the group. They break camp and are moving within the hour.

Lynn’s Story
They hike for most of the day. During their journey, Jack cannot help thinking of Lily; each step forward, memories wear at him like a lodestone.
Lynn can see the heaviness in his footsteps and approaches as they begin to make camp for the night. “Are you feeling all right?”
Jack is in great physical shape by Edge City Police standards; however, trekking all day through the forest has taken its toll. He feels a small pang of shame that he is not helping to set up camp. It is the realization of this feeling that is the proverbial last straw. His mind is under a tremendous amount of stress from recent events. He slumps to the ground and is silent for several moments. Lynn waits patiently. Some of the others setting up camp take notice of him seated on the ground. They look to Lynn inquisitively. She gives a small shake of her head, waiting for Jack to answer her question, but he sits there silently. Wondering what can be troubling him, she sits down next to him and waits.
“I lost her,” he whispers, unable to say more.
“You lost who, Jack?” Lynn asks.
“Lily. Her name was Lily.” His voice is distant, mind wandering. As he thinks of her, the memories press down weightily. Stewing in pity and self-loathing, he lets the misery wash over him.
Lynn nods. She knows the look on his face well. A memory surfaces in her mind, followed by a wave of intense emotion, “You’re not the only one who has lost,” she comments, voice holding a hard edge.
Jack hears the tone. Her suffering resonates within him, reaching into his stupefying sadness, and brings focus. “Tell me,” he implores gently.
She sighs, “My family lived within the Second Great Wall, on a farmstead.” Her voice softens as she recalls the distant past.
“Second Great Wall?” He asks, confused.
In answer, Lynn recounts to him a time, many years ago, when she was only a little girl. She recalls the late summer air was hot and stifling during the day. But when the sun began to set, and a breeze picked up, the outdoors was perfect for playing in.
The three siblings have finished their chores. And with the boundless energy of youth, they want to play one more game before called home for dinner. They run past the herb gardens just outside the kitchen. Their mother, preparing a meal, waves through the open window as they pass by. “Dinner soon! Be safe!” she calls after them.
The two brothers set the pace as their little sister struggles to keep up. She carries a rag doll her mother made. The toy swings wildly about her shoulder as she runs. It is a cherished gift, and she remembers to grip it tight to her chest so as not to drop it. She comes to the end of the homestead’s garden and continues out into the planting fields. Both brothers wait in a partially harvested row where their father is working tirelessly. He has worked hard all day to finish planting before the first rains of the season. In the setting sun, dark thunderheads move quickly across the horizon, seeming to race against his efforts.
“Where is your sister? You’re responsible for keeping her safe when you’re out playing. You have to keep sight of her at all times.” Both brothers look abashed as their sister comes running up.
Out of breath and smiling wide, she wraps her arms around her father’s legs. “Daddy!” she exclaims lovingly.
“Hello, my sweetling.” Leaning down, he wraps both arms around her. Picking her up, he holds her tenderly against his broad, sweaty chest.
She wriggles in his arms, smiling and making a big show, “Eewww! Daddy, you’re sweaty!”
He kisses her cheek before setting her down.
“Come on, sis!” her oldest brother urges.
“Yeah, come on,” her little brother parrots, grabbing her gently by the hand. Still clutching the doll, she waves goodbye to her father awkwardly as her brother pulls them into a run.
Beyond the fields, the ground sweeps gently upwards into foothills, steep enough to force the children’s pace to a slow walk. There is a worn path several feet wide that winds gently through the brush and trees. Their parents always warn them not to go near the wall, but today the oldest brother feels a need to dare the dark.
After the king came to Laer, many Denizen died instantly. But those outside of the light’s reach survived and rallied. The war came many years after the king’s arrival, and the people of Laer were not caught unaware. In defense, two Great Walls were raised; the First Great Wall, surrounding the Citadel, was made of exotic metals and stone. The Second Great Wall, made of living wood, was a perfect circle that stretched hundreds of kilometers around the kingdom. The Second Great Wall was far beyond the cities and forts of man. It was nearly one hundred feet tall and protected by sacred crystalline wards, called ‘torches’ by the local populace. The king’s technology kept the living wall healthy and offered an active first line of defense. The approach of a Denizen within fifty yards of the wall, would activate the wards , sending out brilliant, deadly lances of light. Charging in the sun during the day, they softly glow throughout the nighttime hours.
The Second Great Wall keeps back the frontier of Laer and is maintained by some of the land’s hardiest people. Every fortnight the settlers walk the perimeter of their portion of the wall and make sure the torches set in the interior are functioning correctly. Frontier families’ farmsteads, like Lynn’s, are typical. They subsist on their land and trade with townships nearer to the First Great Wall.
“You’re chicken!” her brother yells. He is thirty meters away, standing barefoot in the grass before the living frontier wall and pointing with one hand at the shadow of the massive barrier. Even in the Citadel, men and women try to avoid dark places, because awful things lurk there. Shadows are considered dreadful in the lore and culture of Laer. It is said that some of the warriors of the Magen Order of Knights will never willingly step into anyone’s shadow and, instead, these holy warriors pray for the light of salvation from the darkness in every shadow they come across.
The evening is upon them; the torches on the wall are lit and will keep any Denizen at bay as the children play their favorite game. The way to win is to see who can stand in the considerable gloom cast by the wall for the longest amount of time. It is getting close to full night outside, and the torches are burning bright. The children can hear their mother’s voice calling for them in the distance, but choose to ignore it temporarily.
Lynn and her youngest brother halt their advance just before the shadow of the wall. They stand transfixed before the massive twisting wood, rising some hundred feet into the air. The wall is somehow alive, grown from the Great Tree, and shaped by the king long ago into an impenetrable structure. Dark, twisted knots and gnarls cover the barrier. The youngest brother’s imagination grips him, and he sees faces swimming in the dark shadows.
The oldest brother stands five feet from the wall, while his siblings keep their distance. His mind tries to understand what he is seeing. He investigates the murky portions and realizes he can no longer see the individual knots and gnarls. All he sees is emptiness.
The two full moons and starlight illuminate his little brother and sister as he steals a glance over his shoulder. Confusion assaults his mind as he sees their faces. Both appear to be screaming and yelling, but no sound is coming from their mouths. He wants to turn around to see what they were trying to warn him about. The urge to see danger coming is so firmly rooted in humans. It permeates our dreams and nightmares with a sense of something vast and terrible chasing from behind, and a belief if we turn and face it, we will wake up. However, sometimes the fear keeps us from looking back.
A wave of panic sweeps over the boy. His feelings tell him to run, but instead, all he can do is stand perfectly still. His eyes close for a moment, feeling icy fingers grasp at the hem of his clothing. Slowly turning to face the wall, he takes a measured step forward and opens his eyes. Walking through the obscurity, hand outstretching, fingertips searching in hopes of feeling the rough wooden bark of the barrier. The barest brush of fur grazes his fingers. He screams and stumbles into a hard fall. Collapsing and panicking on the ground, the starlight and moonlight return, and he sees there is no monster, only the knots and gnarls of the living wall.
After ignoring her calls, worry and anger drive their mother to go looking for them. She has come to the small portion of the wall where the children play. The oldest brother picks himself up off the ground. Tentatively, he reaches out a hand to touch the massive barrier and feels only woody bark beneath his fingertips. Able to move again, he turns and runs for the safety of his mother. She is preparing to scold him but loses all thought of punishment as he throws himself into her arms. Her anger and fear at them for playing at the wall evaporates, quickly replaced by the need to soothe her scared little boy. She holds him and tells him everything is going to be all right. The four of them walk home and find their father already sitting at the dining table.
They come in through the kitchen door. “Go wash up,” their mother says sternly. The light in the kitchen flickers briefly. The sound of the pump, running water, and small hands washing off dirt fill the kitchen. Moving to her husband, she reaches out a hand to lay on his shoulder. The sound of the children goes silent. The thing dressed in her husband’s clothes slowly stands, turning to stare hungrily with eyes black as night.
The mother recoils, pulling her hand away. The half-man half-denizen, known as a Nauthling amongst the people of Laer, smiles at her, showing rows of sharpened teeth and nodding towards the kitchen sink. The mother steals a glance over her shoulder. Gone are the children; in their place is a strange-looking creature made of dark fur and teeth. Vaguely humanoid, it stands hunched over, its distended belly glistening bloody red in the now rapidly flickering light. The creature is cleaning its blood-soaked claws with the torn remnants of the little girl’s toy doll. The mother feels raw emptiness open inside of her, and all her rage and fear and doubt pour into it. Her family is dead, and she is about to die. The light in the kitchen goes entirely out. Resigned to her fate, with all her rage and courage, she charges the beast who took the children.
When the awful creature snatched up her brothers, one of them managed to push Lynn into the cupboard under the sink. In the pitch darkness, she hears her mother’s primal scream of anguish. There is the sound of thrashing and moaning, and finally, silence. She stays hidden, listening to the beasts move about the kitchen, their claws scraping against the floor.
The monsters smell Lynn hiding. The one still clutching her ruined doll taps it gently against the cupboard she hides in. The small, ugly beast smells of cloying rot. Its head is bare, with no nose or eyes, only an ugly scar of a mouth filled with jagged teeth and bleeding black gums.
Its clawed hand reaches out and grasps the cupboard handle.
From inside her hiding spot, Lynn holds her breath as the cupboard door slowly opens. Brilliant light explodes in through the kitchen, incinerating the Denizen and blinding her temporarily. Statues of ash are all that remain of the beasts. A keening sound in the air accompanies the luminous power. The noise goes from a roaring gale to a breeze as the brilliance reaches its crescendo and fades.
Bright colored spots and shapes mar Lynn’s vision even in the dark of the cupboard. She has fallen back, seeking a respite from the all-consuming illumination. She waits a long time and eventually hears footsteps in the kitchen coming closer.
The footsteps stop, and a voice speaks, “Come out, child.” Traumatized and in shock, she hesitates for a while. With more prompting, she eventually crawls out of the hiding place. She sees his gleaming boots first, covered with white gold inlays of exotic symbols and glyphs. Plated lower body armor, chest and shoulder guards, greaves, gauntlets, and a rising crowned helm haloed in golden light, the king kneels before the little girl in her bloodied, torn dress.
The king takes her in his arms and carries her out of the house back to his camp. Lynn clutches him and cries for a long time. There had been a breach in the wall, a failing of its defense. The Great Wall is repaired, and the remaining Denizen threat is purged. The king takes Lynn and other frontier survivors of the attack back to the Citadel. The monks there care for her and keep her safe until she is old enough to be on her own. Studying at the Citadel, Lynn worked among the monks, attaining the rank of Knight within the Order of Magen.
It is entirely night when she finishes her private tale with Jack. The young man thinks about what she has told him. He wonders how many more people in this strange place share a story like Lynn’s. Slowly, he begins understanding his loss is one of many. Empathy builds within him towards the people who are helping him. He understands their pain and misfortune as his own.
Later that evening, after Precien has set up her tent on the outskirts of the camp, she seeks out Jack. Finding him seated near the central campfire, she takes a place near him. Threatening glances and whispers amongst some of the soldiers unnerve her.
“What is it?” he asks, noticing how she keeps glancing towards the soldiers.
“I have to tell you something,” she answers with a mix of eagerness and trepidation.
“Okay?”
Precien’s voice is calm. “I’ve been preparing to find you. And now that I have, I’m…” the confidence in her voice wanes as she searches for the right words.
“You’re not sure what to do next.” Jack finishes the sentence, understanding what it is like to be without direction and in a strange place. Both have found and lost what others would call ‘purpose.’ He catches a soldier staring at her with a venomous glare. Precien makes eye contact with the soldier, averts her gaze, and begins to tremble. Seeing her reaction, Jack remembers something Lily told him. “The best thing you can ever do is to help those in need.”
He stands, beckoning Precien to do the same. The two of them walk to the soldier. As they come to a stop near him, the whole camp goes silent and watches the exchange. Tension mounts in the air, but Jack is used to stress. “Do you have a problem?”
The soldier looks taken aback and slightly confused. “No, my lord, I just…” he nods at Precien “…I worry about having that thing around. What if it attacks you again?” Others watching now murmur; the same thoughts have crossed their minds as well. Denizen, Nauthlings, the dark places of Laer, none can be trusted.
Jack thinks for a moment, “Ask her if she is going to hurt me, or anyone else here.”
The soldier, looking abashed, asks Precien directly, “What are your intentions towards the king?”
She looks thoughtful for a moment. “I mean you no harm. I promise I will do all I can to keep Jack safe.” Just saying it aloud, she realizes she will find a way to keep the promise.
The soldier nods approvingly, “We…” he pauses to look around the camp, “…are here to do the same. I don’t understand why you hurt the king, but I am his to command.” There are grumblings, some in favor, but most against trusting Precien.
Jack shakes the soldier’s hand and then walks Precien back to her tent.
They talk for a while about Laer. She tells him of all the strange fauna and wildlife that live in the woods. Asking a few questions, he listens attentively, finding she is more at ease. He realizes the more she speaks, the more he wants her to keep talking. It is not any kind of romance or lust, but in the way she speaks. Lyrical and exceptionally beautiful, she paints with words. For her part, she sees him as a kindred spirit, lost in the woods surrounded by strangers.
Night comes, and Jack sleeps fitfully, troubling visions plaguing him until morning.

The Master and the Student
The next morning the group breaks camp and keeps moving hard throughout the day.
As the troupe moves through the forest. Jack finds a subtle energy tingling throughout his body and again notices his senses heightened to an almost overwhelming state. Feeling the world starting to spin, he pauses a moment by a tree and closes his eyes while trying to slow his breathing.
Lynn, never too far from him, comes close, “Are you all right, Jack?”
Without opening his eyes, “Yeah, it’s just, I feel strange. There’s too much sound, everything’s too bright, and my skin tingles.”
“Nathaniel!” she shouts. The warrior appears, seeming to melt out of the shadowy tree canopy overhead. Falling silently from above, his otherworldly cloak billows silently around him as he lands neatly on the ground. Nearby soldiery continue to march, but send word up the formation line.
From the front of the column, Mandrigal comes running up. “What is it? What’s wrong?”
Lynn stands back as Nathaniel examines Jack. Having seen the archer primarily at night, seeing him in the daylight, Jack notices more about the fellow. Tall and lean, skin covered with faint tattoos on the arms, hands, neck, and lower jaw. The other soldiers shy away from the dark places of the forest, but not Nathaniel; he appears to move within them. The man’s face holds the edge of nobility. Like two pieces of flint, his eyes study every inch of Jack for signs of injury, infection, or aberration.
Looking to Lynn, Nathaniel nods, “He’s adjusting to a new environment. He is his father’s son. Perhaps being here is changing him somehow.”
Mandrigal shakes his head sharply side to side, “We cannot delay here.”
“I’m fine. Let’s keep moving,” Jack says, unconvincingly. His skin pales as he breaks into a cold sweat.
Lynn shakes her head, “Mandrigal, I think we should make camp sooner rather than later.
Without warning, Jack cries out and stumbles, hand catching the tree trunk next to him. The bark begins to smolder and smoke, then burn where the hand touches. His eyes open, and golden light pours out. “What’s happening?!” he cries out in panic.
“Look to the sky, my lord!” Nathaniel commands before taking cover. The rest of the soldiers are too scared to move. Lynn kneels, shielding herself.
Jack obeys and looks to the crimson sky. Face burning, he cries out in pained frustration as brilliant golden energy explodes from both eyes. Too bright to look at, the radiance continues to vent, eventually coming to an abrupt stop. Spent, he collapses to the ground, frustration gone, replaced now with exhaustion.
Everyone is silent as Jack gasps for air. “What the hell was that?”
Lynn looks to Mandrigal, lips pursed. Reading her expression, he nods, then shouts an order to the nearby soldiers. “Send word up the line, find a defensible campsite now…” looking back to Jack, “…we need to rest.” The nearby soldiers steal glances and move quickly away. Mandrigal lingers for a moment, staring in anguished curiosity at Jack. Shaking his head abruptly, at something no one else can hear or see, he finally takes his leave.
Lynn and Nathaniel remain behind as Jack regains his footing. Mandrigal oversees setting up the camp. Soldiers whisper in amazement and fear over what some witnessed, and others retell.
The episode over, Lynn suggests it is time for Jack to learn more about the Denizen and how to fight them. She and Nathaniel take him a little way from the camp into the woods. The sun is high, and they will be out for a long time. No one speaks as they trek through the thick brush. Jack, head slightly bowed, body exhausted, manages to keep pace.
Coming to a clearing with a small stream running north to south, Lynn stops for a moment. Looking back at Nathaniel, “Will this place suffice?” she asks. He nods, not deigning to speak. She takes her leave and begins gathering firewood. Nathaniel removes his cloak, and the exotic scabbard strapped to his waist, then begins stretching his shoulders and neck. He brings the sheath around and holds it out to Jack. As the younger man reaches for it, Nathaniel flicks his wrist, revealing the sword sheathed within. Jack pulls the hand back at the sight of the blade. The strange tingling sensation in his body builds in intensity at the sight of it.
“Its name is Organon, and it was your father’s.”
Jack’s eyes go wide. “My father?” Pausing, he glances tentatively to the ground, “Tell me about him, and my mother, please.”
A thought nags at Nathaniel, “Where were you, before we found you in the woods? If you don’t mind me asking, lord.”
Jack shakes his head, smiling, absently abashed at the royal title, “Please call me Jack. I was,” head shaking, trying to articulate where he came from, “…on another world.”
The admission gives the archer a wondrous pause. The thought of speaking to someone from another world fascinates the noble savage, “Jack, I will gladly tell you of your parents. But I need you to focus now. We are still in the wilds with a long journey before us. We are few, and I need to know you can protect yourself should the need arise. What happened in the glen where we found you, and just now on the trail, can you control it?”
At the mention of the bursts of light from his eyes, Jack’s arms cross guardedly. “I don’t know what that was. When I first saw Precien, as Lily, and then that huge monster showed up, I was angry. On the trail just now, I felt this building frustration, and I just wanted to get away from it.”
Nathaniel nods, considering what he has witnessed so far. “Perhaps your power is tied to your emotions?”
Jack thinks on this briefly, nodding, “You could be right. But what else could happen if my mood changes?”
Not knowing how to answer the question, Nathaniel steers the conversation back to training. “This blade I carry is extraordinary, and will be yours once you are ready.”
“Ready?” Jack asks, genuinely curious, concerns over his budding ‘powers’ temporarily distracted.
With a small smile, Nathaniel takes two training blades from the pack he carries. “You’ll be ready to carry Organon when you can best me with this,” he says, tossing a sparring blade.
Catching the wooden training sword neatly, Jack gives it a few swings, feeling its weight. “So, what do I…” he begins to ask. Nathaniel moves too quickly to see, disarming and striking him hard in the shoulder. Wincing in pain, he understands quickly that this is the first lesson in sword fighting. Having trained heavily in martial arts, he gives a bow of respect to Nathaniel, the same as any student gives when learning from a master. Jack picks the practice sword up from the ground. Adjusting his stance, he readies for the next blow.
Starting with the basics, Nathaniel calmly and firmly instructs Jack on how to hold a sword properly. Then they move on to stance, placement of the feet, guarding, the break of the wrist, striking, parrying, and so on.
As the lesson progresses, Nathaniel gauges Jack’s reactions and is quietly surprised by the level of agility he displays. Jack takes to the sword quickly, having always had an unnatural aptitude for weapons and their handling.
For Jack’s part, his mind blazes with new processes, thoughts infinitely sharper. When he concentrates, he enters a hyper-focused state, as if time is slowing down, and he can predict Nathaniel’s movements. Even as they continue to spar, he can appreciate the little details around him; the surrounding vegetation, a sudden coming, then going of a small animal. He can process all the sounds and sights more distinctly.
They spar for hours, well into darkness. Jack is soaking in sweat, and a chill in the air is adding to the trembling in his limbs. Entire body aching, underneath it all he feels a sense of accomplishment as he stares up at a strange night sky. Twin moons; one smaller and red-hued; the other larger and shining warm yellow with a massive shimmering ring system. The stars appear in a far greater multitude than on Earth. The entire sky is alight with heavenly luminescence.
Nathaniel plants himself down near the fire, leaving Jack to rest while Lynn sits nearby. She has spent the time watching the two of them spar, preparing the small fire, and reading from a little leather-bound book. The sounds of crackling burning wood, wind through the trees, alien insects, and birds fill the night air. Lynn stokes the campfire and then places a rough blanket over Jack’s shivering shoulders. He takes it with an appreciative nod. As she sits down next to him, they both look up at the bright firmament for a time, then move nearer towards the warmth of the fire.
Nathaniel’s hand goes to the weapon tied to his waist. He reverently unsheathes the blade, letting the light of the campfire play over it. “Your father told me this sword is the key to his people’s greatest secret.”
Jack looks confused at the weapon. “In the sword? What am I supposed to do with it?”
Nathaniel shakes his head, “I have no idea, and he never told me. He just said when the time came, and I thought you were ready, the sword would help guide you.”
Jack stares hard at the blade. Eyes transfixed, notably heightened senses allow him to look more closely. At first, he notices faint etchings that become clearer as the seconds pass. The longer he stares, he eventually sees down into the molecular depths of the metal and the quantum ether. A flicker of fear at getting lost in those depths begins to build. Eyes starting to burn with heat, he tears his gaze away from the examination of the sword and focuses on slowing his breathing.
Seeing Jack’s reaction, both Lynn and Nathaniel tense for a moment, then relax as he regains control.
Lynn offers, “I can’t imagine what you must be going through, Jack. If there is anything we can do for you?” She leaves the question to hang in the air.
Jack looks to her, voice yearning, “My father and my mother, what were they like?”
She smiles at a memory, “Your mother was a kind woman, and your father was miraculous. He brought more than just balance to Laer. With his coming, technology, architecture, science, and theology all advanced. Coupled with his deeds, religious ideology sprung to life. The two major faiths differ on one key issue: that, when you return, there will be either paradise or a great calamity on Laer.”
Jack nods solemnly, “And, my mother?”
“Your mother was a saintly person. She advocated for the needy and worked hard with local merchants to make sure no children went without food or shelter. Beloved by all, I have not met a kinder person in all my years. She was a painter and made such wondrous creations. Your father would sometimes watch her for hours as she worked. They loved one another so much, Jack.” Lynn catches herself starting to cry, the memory of losing Jack’s mother and father striking a chord.
As she speaks, Nathaniel finds himself remembering the king and queen fondly, silently mourning their passing.
Beaming at hearing about his family, Jack takes a deep breath and stares back into the fire for a short while. Without prompting, a memory of Lily enters his mind. Tears begin to form, and then fall. Nathaniel notices, but Lynn is closer. She leans in, placing a hand on Jack’s forearm. “What is it?”
Breathing shakily, Jack smiles, “I always wondered about my mother and what she was like. I’m sorry…” wiping his eyes, slightly embarrassed “…hearing about her made me think of someone I lost.”
Not wanting to dwell in sadness in front of them, he asks another question. “How did you…” nodding to Lynn and Nathaniel, and then the wilderness around them “…and the others end up out in these woods.”
It is Nathaniel’s turn to answer at length. “The oracle of the king prophesized your return but did not specify a year. So, every year, citizens of Laer, soldiers, holy men, farmers, and fanatics, would trek out past the burnished gleaming Citadel walls and down the Trail of Tears. And then, after a specified distance on their journey, the chosen pilgrims would divide into three groups and set out looking for the lost prince.”
“At first there were only eleven people who made the journey into the wilds. Upon returning, they were seen as disciples and began individual schools of worship. Many had been the king’s guard or soldiers from the Great War, so they believed they had been spared because they were blessed. In the second year of the pilgrimage, thousands went into the wilds at the appointed hour, and all returned. And so it went for years.”
“Five years ago, over five hundred thousand people left their homes, farmsteads, forts, and camps. They went into the wilderness to celebrate the return of the king’s son. Only thirteen of them returned. The rest were slaughtered or captured by the most massive attack on humankind since the king came to Laer.”
“The thirteen that returned were all unable to speak. Their minds broken, they were locked away from the general populace. The next year the Magen Order sent an army into the wild places of Laer in search of the king’s son. None of the Magen Order’s forces returned. Their holy armies decimated, the people of Laer fell to paranoia bordering on panic. They fortified their walls and stockpiled their foodstuffs. A once united people fell into factions. Weapons became sparse, and battles raged in the outer lands.”
“With time the areas outside of the First Great Wall, once prosperous farmland, became a wild, lawless place. Before, it was rare at best to see a Denizen larger than a dog in the nighttime hours; now, there are wandering horrors lurking in the murky darkness of the forest. Due to the wildness creeping in on them, people retreated to a place nearest the Second Great Wall. The king used mystical sciences to grow the massive wall outwards and upwards from a single Great Tree. The wall stands as a natural wonder and a testament to the divinity of the king. The Great Tree’s rulers proclaimed people would be safe within its immediate borders.”
As Nathaniel finishes speaking, Lynn begins to rise. “It’s time we get back to camp. We have an early start.”
Nodding, Nathaniel, and Jack ready to leave. They move quickly through the darkness, arriving at the camp unmolested. After being handed a large bowl of food from Lynn, Jack goes to his tent, eats, and collapses. He sleeps throughout the night, a quiet, restorative rest.
Nathaniel’s Story
The next day the going is relatively painless, with almost no incidents. At one point, a wild animal comes rushing out of the thick brush and startles a soldier, causing them to fall and twist an ankle. Once they are moving again, the day passes uneventfully.
As dusk nears, Jack approaches Mandrigal. “I’m sorry about yesterday, thanks for stopping so I could rest.” His tone humble, he feels it necessary to recognize the other mans’ efforts: leading the soldiers, organizing the nightly camps, and the morning breakdown.
Mandrigal turns, eyes crazed and intense. “I’m not afraid of you or them…” nodding to the darkness of the nearby woods, “…those damn monsters waiting out there for us. And there used to be a lot more of ‘us’ before we came out here looking for you. So, save your apologies and keep up.” The abruptness and intensity of the short conversation leave Jack taken aback as the soldier stomps off.
Never far away, seeing the exchange, Nathaniel intervenes. “Jack,” the younger man turns at hearing his name, “…time for training.”
Lynn joins the two of them as the soldiery begins setting camp, preparing for the quickly coming night. The three hike for a short distance. Without a word, Nathaniel places his pack down, removes his cloak and weapons, and tosses Jack a training blade.
Time passes quickly, and Jack retains most of what he learned already. As the lesson progresses, he asks a question, “What’s his problem?”
Nathaniel continues to strike and parry. “Mandrigal?” he asks between blows.
“He cried when he first saw me, and just now he was pissed off because I said, ‘thank you.’ He’s always so damn intense, and darting his head back and forth, is he all right?”
Both Nathaniel and Lynn look to the other with bewildered faces. Jack, forgetting that ‘pissed off’ is an idiom they are not familiar with, explains, “I mean, he looked mad, furious at me, and I don’t understand why.”
Nathaniel keeps the answer short. “His anger is an anchor for him; without it, he would be lost.”
Jack’s eyebrows narrow. “Lost?”
Hearing their exchange, Lynn interjects, “Perhaps we should speak of ourselves and let Mandrigal’s story be his own?” Her posture demure, voice radiating calm, she sits relaxed on the ground rubbing tired muscles and stretching after hiking all day.
The sword lesson ends, and Jack’s body aches, but it is not as sore as it should be. The same subtle energy tingling through him also has restorative properties. A small animal rustles in the bushes nearby; he does not turn to look at it. Lynn reacts to the sound by reaching for her war staff, stopping midway poised to defend against an attack. Nathaniel tends the building fire, undisturbed by the noise in the bushes. After a few moments, and seeing Nathaniel’s calm demeanor, Lynn’s body relaxes, but her eyes stay bright with anticipation.
“Nathaniel was much younger when the king found him, as I understand it.” Lynn says, looking to the other warrior.
Looking up, his face stoic, he acknowledges her words but says nothing.
Lynn speaks to Jack matter-of-factly, her tone gracious. “Nathaniel is a wildling.”
Jack, “A what?”
“A silly name, those who live within the safety of the Great Walls have for my people,” he answers, the tone in his voice hard as stone.
Reading the subtle change, Lynn offers, “I meant no disrespect.”
“Disrespect is not a concept we of the Shayani people choose to indulge in.”
Jack watches the exchange, exhausted, yet intrigued.
Seeing the younger man’s attentive eyes, Nathaniel goes on, explaining, “My people are born outside the walls of man.”
Lynn interjects humbly, “They lead the hardiest of lives on Laer, one with nature and able to withstand the Denizen even here in the wildlands. It takes great discipline and courage.”
Nodding at her assessment, Nathaniel continues, a slight hesitation the only indication of the painful memories. “The king made laws that we may freely come and go through the realm. But few of us ever took advantage. My parents died defending our home. Their pride, like so many of us, led to their downfall.”
The flames from the campfire cast stark shadows through the rapidly encroaching night. Nathaniel’s face looks distant as his eyes soften. A slight dip in his shoulders, he continues, “When the last of the Shayani treetop cities fell…” Pausing briefly, collecting himself and sighing, “I spent most of my youth alone, in the wilds.”
“How did you know my father?” Jack’s voice is gentle, yet eager, unsure how to speak on the sensitive subject of family.
Nathaniel shakes his head slightly, releasing the grasping memory of childhood. “I knew him. He was fair and just.” He pauses before continuing, tending the fire for a few moments.
“It was the end of hunting season, and I was finishing tanning the last of my hides when I first met your father. I’d been upcountry for some time, too long perhaps, but there was still work to be done. Nauthling skin is hard as iron in the shade but melts away to ash in the light. The leather can be treated by exposing it to the light of day in short increments that steadily increase over time.”
Nathaniel remembers the day in detail. He had been working to repair his cloak, a family heirloom, before abandoning the camp. His work area was a large clearing, void of trees, full of light during the day. He had set up a contraption beside the nearby tree line. A wheel with the treated skin of the Nauthling stretched across a portion of it. One part of the wheel was exposed fully to a sliver of daylight coming through the overhead tree canopy. With a pulley system to operate it with little effort, the wheel could be set spinning at fast speeds, exposing the Nauthling leather to the light in short, and bright bursts. The first few layers of skin had turned to ash, but then it began to harden, and the wheel slowed. The process was long, and Nathaniel had been at it for days. The cloak was the last piece of repair work to be completed. It was a strange thing, to some, to care so much about a cloak, with so much danger in the world. But the garment was the only thing of Nathaniel’s family’s left to him.
A pack of half-starved marauding Denizen, wiry, wild things that ran on all fours had been harrying him for a few days. Their scaled muscly bodies were tired; they had ventured far across the Great Red Desert, stalking him to nearby ruins. Due to the decimation of outlying settlements, like Lynn’s, there had been a tremendous increase in the number of Nauthlings. Nathaniel had wondered why the soldiers of the Great Tree City had not come out to challenge the beasts’ encroachment. He could not comprehend why they allowed the Nauthlings to get so close. At one point, he had respected the frontier soldiers, even hunting with them from time to time, but the world of man, without the king’s guidance, was collapsing into apathy and mendacity.
Nathaniel’s tanning camp was near the Trail of Tears. If a Denizen or Nauthling was foolish enough to attack him, and he could not best them in combat, he could evacuate to its holy ground. He spent the nights sleeping on the sandy trail, and each day returned to continue the work.
On the last day of tanning work, he had been taking the skin off the wheel, then punching a series of holes to sew it into the battered cloak. Threading the gut string, he slowly repaired the torn portion of the cloak.
The smell of smoke wafted into the camp, giving Nathaniel pause. The hairs on the back of his neck rose. Spinning around, he had been wrong-footed for a moment. Recovering his balance, he had discovered a scared little boy standing there in the well-lit tanning camp. The little one wore a wealthy man’s clothes, but they were ripped and filthy. Nathaniel had opened his arms, lowering himself to the ground.
The little boy’s lips trembled, “Help,” he said, before being snatched by a stalking devil waiting in the shadows of the undergrowth. The monster, prey in taloned hands, had fled with all haste.
Screaming a challenge, Nathaniel sprinted across the small camp and into the woods after them. Swinging the cloak into place and drawing up the hood, he entered the tree line. The Denizen moved loudly through the heavy branches of the canopy above. Senses sharpened by a life of necessity, Nathaniel located the beast’s position above him and flung a small blade from a harness slung across his chest. The Denizen let out a screech as the blade found its mark.
The fiend stopped, powerful legs gripping a large tree branch as black blood trickled down its side. Talons like knives pushed into the soft meat of the small child’s arm, causing him to cry out. The monster swung its snout around, hissing angrily, and the child passed out with fear.
Distracted by its prey for a few moments, the Denizen failed to note Nathaniel was stealthily scaling the tree behind it. The kill was quick and clean. He caught the falling little boy as the beast’s grip failed. Carrying his charge quickly to the forest floor, the child woke abruptly, startled and confused. Not wanting to be caught out in the open, Nathaniel carried him to the Trail of Tears as quickly and silently as possible.
Shortly, they were safely standing on the holy ground. Nathaniel looked south and saw smoke in the distance. Turning to the child, he said, “Stay here and don’t move, not for anything.”
The boy nodded shakily then began rocking back and forth in the warm sand as the wildling sprinted away.
Sprinting around a bend in the path, Nathaniel saw a fire blazing. Trees had been felled and thrown across the trail, blocking a carriage. The horses were dead, and the air was full of choking smoke and fluttering ash. Nauthlings and Denizen whoop and roar from the surrounding forest. The passengers of the carriage struggled to keep the flames from pushing them closer towards the tree line, and the waiting hordes.
Nathaniel moved deftly through the burning trees coming to their aid. He saved the children first and then the woman, but the man still trapped inside the carriage was not so lucky. The fire moved too quickly, and the man faced a terrible decision. He chose death by fire rather than being ripped apart by the Denizen and Nauthlings. His screams will haunt Nathaniel for a long time.
The intensity of the inferno was still too great to move forward. Billowing flames blocked the trail from both sides as Nathaniel tried to move the weeping woman and the children away from the burning scene, but they were in shock, unable to move. A large tree fell behind them, boxing them in; its impact on the sandy trail driving out waves of force like frozen ripples in water. Another tree fell, further blocking their egress. On three sides fire blazed and in front of them howling monsters loomed. Trapped, Nathaniel growled in frustration.
Suddenly, a deep thrumming filled the air. Nathaniel looked to the sky and saw something he will never forget. The king in his resplendent armor, the Lazarus Engine, came flying overhead and obliterated the monstrous hordes within the tree line with quick, violent bursts of light. The closest monsters destroyed, the king landed on the sand nearby. Citadel soldiers could be heard crashing through the surrounding woods. The remaining fiends fight back, but it quickly became a rout.
The king had eventually found Nathaniel and reaching out an armored hand, touched him on the shoulder, “I need you.”
Nathaniel stares silently, face impassive, waiting for the king to continue.
“The city surrounding my Citadel grows every day. Some persons perpetuate unrest in my kingdom. I cannot be everywhere at once, and you are my best chance to civilize these areas and police the criminal element,” the king explained.
Nathaniel balked for a moment at the proclamation. He is Shayani; to live in or near the Citadel goes against everything he has ever been, “I can’t…” he began to say.
The king held up a hand, stopping him, “You may come and go as you wish. But I need you to police the black market and criminals. I charge you with this quest; anything you need to accomplish it, ask, and it is yours.”
Nathaniel looked skeptical, “I don’t understand.”
The king nodded sagely. “Every time and every place with humanity holds a minority of peoples who do not abide by the common laws of their brethren. It is expected there will be these rogues, and I need someone like you to rule them with an iron fist. You are unique and do not think as the people of the Citadel do.”
Nathaniel had shaken his head in the negative, looking to the tree line for an exit.
Reading the skepticism in his posture, the king posed a simple question. “Why did you save these people?” he asks, nodding towards the survivors.
Without hesitation, Nathaniel answered “The Denizen are a foulness not fit to live. Those they prey upon…” looking to the Citadel soldiers and seeing them return the little boy to his family, “…are innocent.”
“There are innocents who need your protection in the Citadel, and not just from the corrupt.” The king had let the implication hang in the air a moment. “There are rumors of Nauthlings in the city, able to live among the populace without detection. Your task would be hunting them as you hunt the beasts of the wilds.”
Hearing an opportunity and weighing the gravitas of being personally tasked by the king, Nathaniel had still felt unsure. “How will I know what to do?”
The king smiled gently and looked at the woman and children reunited. “You will know what to do when the time comes. Just remember to always fight for those who cannot fight for themselves.”
Nathaniel nodded, accepting his charge. He disappeared, melting into the shadows of the forest. He watched the king and the troops collect the family. Thinking about the task put before him, he decided on a course of action and set out towards the Citadel. With time and luck, he had become a force to be reckoned with amongst the criminal element in the sprawl.
Years later, on a trip to the Citadel, the king had confided in Nathaniel that he would be named in a prophecy yet to be revealed. “What do you need me to do, my king?”
“When the time comes, I need you to do what you think is right, Nathaniel. Instructions will be given to the Magen Order; when I am gone, you shall carry Organon in my stead and wait for my son’s return.”
Eventually, the oracle’s last prophecy came to be: the king was laid low, the queen died, and the prince was lost. For many years Nathaniel remained vigilant in his errand to police the shadow elements in and around the Citadel. With Organon in hand, none could stand before his wrath. He waited for the prince to return. And then, one day, a new prophecy came to light, its origin such that no one could have questioned it.

Lynn as a Storyteller
On the seventh night, the group camps after another hard day’s march. The soldiers sit around the campfire, unwilling to look Jack in the eye.
“Why do they look away? And why don’t they ever speak to me?” he asks Lynn. He has no frame of reference for the reverence and fear they are displaying. The feeling does not sit well with him, as he tries to understand his role in this strange place.
Lynn nods and smiles knowingly. Taking a deep breath, she answers the question, “They look to you as the progeny of a god.”
Jack laughs uncomfortably. He turns slowly, surveying the warriors around him, and a thought occurs to him, “You don’t look away from me, Lynn.”
“Jack?” she asks, confused.
“You look and speak with me,”
“I am a Magen Knight.”
Lynn explains her time with the Order of Magen. The monks raised and trained her in martial arts. They educated her in science and hallowed spiritual tomes. And when she was old enough, she was chosen to join the Holy Order of Magen Knights. Being a Knight is an honorable position. It affords her privileges within the Citadel, access to the catacombs, the library, and sanctuaries.
Lynn, humble by nature, understands something of uncomfortable attentions. “The soldiers, they—” looking around the camp “—see me as a holy woman,” her voice slightly embarrassed.
A group of soldiers tending a second, smaller fire, talk loudly amongst themselves, some mentioning Jack by name. He turns his head sharply in their direction. They immediately stop whispering, some of them glancing around conspiratorially. “Who are they?” he asks, pointing at the group.
“They are the Citadel’s guards, non-believers in the prophecy of your return,” Lynn explains. “After the king was wounded and near death, he was placed in stasis. A human council took over the defense and operations of the Citadel and, to a larger extent, Laer. The human council quickly succumbed to greed and corruption. They began spreading rumors and built on the already existing opposition to the king’s rule. After a few years, to become a Citadel guard, a person had to swear allegiance to the human council above all else, including the king.”
Sitting near the whispering soldiers, another person listens, shattered mind struggling with the tidal pull of emotions. Mandrigal’s body trembles with anger as he listens to Lynn. He stands bolt upright, announcing to the whole camp, “We believe, knight!” As he speaks, both arms sweep around the camp to acknowledge the group in its entirety and demand its attention. Mandrigal is an orphan child of the state. A member of the human council took him in, grooming him to be a Citadel guard. His whole life, he was treated as a slave and forced to fight other men’s battles. Through the years, his fighting skills improved, raising him to the rank of captain of the guard. Then, it was all taken abruptly away. A broken man, he was sent out along with the others on this quest to find Jack.
Mandrigal pauses for dramatic effect; lowering his arms slowly, he walks forward. Wisps of campfire smoke trail after his form like specters as he moves. “The Magen Knights are holy warriors, Jack,” he says snidely. “They pray and mumble piously to their sleeping king.” His attitude towards the king was, in the past, seen as blasphemy. But since the fall, and the human council taking control, more people speak their misgivings about the king freely.
Drake’s anger rises at the soldier’s words. His eyes swirl and storm like blue thunder clouds. “Quiet,” he growls.
“Stay your words, Guardian!” Mandrigal’s eyes are full of an intensity akin to madness, as he starts laughing like a maniac.
“You…” he tries to say between fits of deranged laughter. Suddenly his levity halts, and he slowly draws a wicked blade from his waist. He takes a slow, menacing step towards Drake. “You should be in chains!” As Mandrigal shouts, other soldiers stand abruptly to their feet, hands going to weapons. The sound of steel leaving scabbards fills the still air with a deadly promise.
Mandrigal continues, “One of the Guardians stole the prince and betrayed the royal family! But no one knows for sure who the traitor was.” The tension is palpable, like the change in air pressure before a storm, building towards an inevitable downpour.
“Much has changed.” Lynn’s voice cuts through the potential violence, freezing everyone in place. The tension around the camp eases slightly as everyone hangs on her next words.
“Come and listen.” She motions to the whole camp, demeanor powerful, as she sits down by the nearest campfire. All of those standing with weapons in hand react like scolded children and back down from their posturing.
“Sit by this fire, and I will tell you of the king,” Lynn says with finality.
Mandrigal sheaths the blade, and growling asks, “And the Oracle’s last prophecy?” The chaotic, fiery intensity within him is quieted for a moment.
Lynn meets his eyes, nodding her consent.
The soldiers sheathe their weapons as they gather around the campfire. Lynn speaks of the old days when Denizen ruled and feasted on the flesh of men. She tells of the hardship of families that could not protect their children when the monsters came; the terrible evil of the Denizen was seemingly unending until the falling of a star from the heavens above.
As Lynn speaks of the king and how he built an empire on Laer, Jack has many questions. “How did the King grow up so quickly? How did he ‘bring light’? What about the technology he brought with him?”
Lynn cannot answer most of the questions. Instead, she speaks of the king as a divine savior who brought impossible technologies and science. The king shaped the forests and the mountains to make vast, impregnable walls around the kingdom to hold back the Denizen horde who still raged in the wilderness. He hunted in the wilds outside the Second Great Wall and, one day, after a particularly long hunt, brought back an oracle.
“What is an oracle?” Jack asks.
Lynn explains that the Denizen are beasts, but not all are alike; using Precien as an example, she teaches how particular Denizen have specific abilities. Some can prophesy about possible future events, heal others with an inner power, travel through shadows, and so much more that remains unknown.
“What are the Denizen?” Jack asks, still not understanding the nature of his longtime nemesis.
Lynn takes a long drink from a nearby flask. “It’s late, and such stories should only be told during the daylight.”
The soldiers begin to complain loudly, and even Jack is about to ask why, when she holds up a hand, demanding silence. The group falls quiet, waiting for her to resume. She knows that the present circumstance is a special exception to the rules of her order. The sound of the wood crackling in the fire and wind moving through the trees fills the air.
“What I’m about to tell you is forbidden knowledge. The king’s race, known as the Ancients, was comprised of artists, philosophers, scientists, and warriors. Throughout the eons, these immortals found their endeavors had no point and no purpose because what is failure or success when faced with an eternity of immortality?”
“Then, one day, the Ancients began to wither and die; their immortality fled them. Some said it was their time and gave up, but many fought the inevitability of their doom. The brightest among them set out to finding a Cure that would restore their immortality.”
“And then, after years of searching the smartest of the Ancients, one known as the Maker discovered a power source, and with it a Cure. Slowly at first and then turning into a raging torrent, an exodus of dying Ancients flooded to be administered the Cure.”
“Whole worlds emptied and were left behind as they traveled the galaxy in their marvelous ships. The journey for some was instantaneous, while for others, it took hundreds of years to wait as they sailed amongst the stars. Untold numbers accepted the Cure without question. But the Maker preached caution, for he still had many unanswered questions: ‘Why does the Cure work? What do we know of it?’”
“Scorned by his family and friends, the Maker stole the Cure and fled to his mighty fortress world for further study. But the others eventually found him. There was a great war, and his kingdom was broken. At the end of the final battle, laying broken and defeated, he closed his eyes and wept. When the Maker finally opened his eyes on the battered ruins of his home, there was another creature lying next to him on the ground. He looked into the others’ eyes and saw them filled with tremendous golden light. Like some beating pulse, the golden light grew more and more brilliant. The light filled the Maker, healing his wounds. He was restored and imparted with the knowledge that would save his entire race.”
“The Maker created a space-faring vessel called the Lazarus Engine. He used the engine to travel to where the Cure was being kept. Upon arriving, he saw his people, throwing themselves in droves into a massive pit that held the Cure. A seductive whispering emanated from it, promising paradise. He felt his body pulled closer, drawn by its otherworldly energies. His eyes ran with tears, and his heart pounded. The Maker came close to the edge of the pit and found he could not halt his advance. He prepared to leap forward but, as he blinked away the heat and tears, he could see what lay before him. It was a great pyre of bright red flames. Surrounding it, his friends and family, and so many more were being consumed; every immortal was screaming in agony. The voices of millions, all crying out, assailed him as he began to fall into the pit.”
“The Maker fell into the depths, knowing he had made a mistake. And then, he was caught suddenly from behind and lifted high into the air. He was thrown out of the pit and landed hard on the ground, body aching and skin smoldering. The strange creature with golden eyes, the same who had helped him before, picked him up off the ground and held him in an embrace, and the Maker wept. The golden being whispered, telling him to go back and try to help those, including himself, who had taken the Cure.”
“The golden creature uttered prophecy and spoke of portents. The Maker would go back, and he would try and fail to save his family and friends; he would be beaten and shamed. The golden being made a promise to the Maker that, for each strike in anger or hate he received, the stronger he would become.”
“And the Maker was lifted into the heavens so he could look down upon his brethren and finally see the truth. He understood why the others in the pit had been screaming. Once fully engulfed by the Cure, his people transformed into warped monsters of nightmare. Terrible beasts were scrambling, clawing, and writhing their way out of the pit.”
“The Maker tried to stop his remaining brethren and family from the treacherous course they were taking. But no matter what, he said they just kept running past, kicking and trampling him. His body boiled on the inside, and his skin turned into radiant metal. No longer broken, he rose up, a gleaming and powerful figure. The last few Ancients halted and turned to look upon him. And that was when the first of the monsters came up over the lip of the massive pit. The remaining Ancients fled in terror. Most were torn to pieces as they ran in every direction. But then as suddenly as their panic had taken hold, it abated, and they stopped running and beheld the Maker, reborn as a being of gleaming metal and golden light fighting the monsters. He held out his hands and arcs of the most brilliant light issued from them, destroying the beasts in droves. Those former Ancients, now frightful monstrosities, became known as Denizen.”
Lynn explains that the hero of the story, the Maker, still lived. And Jack’s father was one of the Makers’ knights tasked with traveling the cosmos and fighting the Denizen hordes.
“I don’t understand, how do I fit into that story?” Jack asks, hoping for answers.
She shakes her head, “I don’t know.”
Everyone sitting around the campfire stays quiet for a long time after she finishes, apart from the crackling flames, silence reigns. Jack is trying to make sense of it all, mind racing to try and comprehend the strangeness of Lynn’s tale.
Mandrigal sits, head slumping towards the ground, a haunted look on his face, “And the last prophecy of the king’s oracle?” The acid in his voice is gone. He looks up, and tears stream from his eyes, “Please, tell him,” he begs, gazing at Jack.
Lynn looks to Drake, and the large man nods solemnly. The air is utterly still amongst the group. Jack feels the hairs on the back of his neck rise, “What is it? What is the prophecy?” For the first time that night, all eyes turn to him. It is disturbing to see so many looking at him with a mixture of hope and dread. Jack shifts uncomfortably under their combined gaze.
Lynn closes her eyes. “The king’s oracle shared a final prophecy when you were taken from this world.” Opening her eyes, tears of joy fall down her cheeks. “That you would return one day, and with you, the salvation of Laer and the end of the Denizen would follow.” She pauses hesitantly, and the look of hopefulness in her eyes wavers for the merest fraction of a moment, too quickly for the others to see. But Jack sees the hesitation and recognizes it for what it is: abject terror.
“There is more, isn’t there?” He asks, already knowing the answer.
Lynn nods, “Your return will bring salvation or…” She cannot bring herself to say the words.
“The end of all things,” Mandrigal finishes the sentence for her. His voice is like a cold breeze moving through a graveyard. “Your return will be the end of this world, and with it, all life in the stars will perish. You are either a savior or a destroyer, Jack.” Eyes twitching at unseen shadows, Mandrigal goes quiet.
“How will I know which one I am?” Jack asks, voice unable to mask an overwhelming sense of foreboding.
Finding her voice, Lynn answers, “A choice you have yet to make will determine your role.”
“What choice do I have to make?” he asks.
Shaking her head she says, “I don’t know. The prophecy did not foretell that.”
Jack nods and, getting slowly to his feet, walks to his tent with the weight of the world bearing down. Entering without a word, he stays within until morning.
Their Last Night of Rest
Another hard day’s march without incident. Far into nighttime, everyone is getting ready for a rest.
Sensing something, Drake’s head snaps around, looking towards the edge of the camp.
Jack looks to the surrounding trees, his heightened hearing picking out so many new sounds. Struggling through the sensory overload, he hears it, a noise on the breeze. The sound of rushing wind at first, after a few moments it resolves into dozens of things hissing in the dark. Drake and Jack race in the direction of the sound to the edge of the camp. The soldiers closest to the tree line are on their feet with hands on weapons. Near the forest, there is a shadowy figure standing on the upturned mound of a toppled tree. It comes forward, and Jack sees it is Nathaniel. “You are surrounded.” His voice is strong, even though he has been fighting for his life most of the way back to the camp.
Lynn comes sprinting up to Jack’s side. Looking to Nathaniel, “How long?” she asks.
His face betrays no emotion. “Moments.”
Lynn steps defensively closer to Jack and starts shouting commands. “To arms! Bowmen center!” She attaches the spear tip to her war staff. “Everyone else, diamond formation. Protect the king!” she orders in a commanding voice, building with battle fervor.
Lynn looks to Drake. The large man gives a slight nod, and says, “We make for the trail.”
Drake’s words startle her, “That holy ground is forsaken to us during the hours of darkness. The Denizen guard it in great numbers from every approach,” she argues.
Drake shakes his head in disagreement, turning to explain to Jack, “The trail is a sacred path that leads to the Citadel.”
A look of confusion passes over Jack’s face, “Why can’t we try to make for the trail?” As he finishes the question, several leaves from the canopy directly above fall in front of his face. Without a sound, a young Denizen, barely two hundred years old, drops from the shadowy branches. With the beast’s youth comes a ferociousness making it a terrible force. An icy spike of fear erupts inside Jack’s body, and time dilates, causing the beast’s descent to slow considerably.
Several yards away, Drake moves glacially slow, trying to come to his aid. Lynn is only just registering the threat. Precien is nearest to Jack, standing just behind him. Time quickly begins to speed back to normal, and the Denizen is scant feet away. Its body is covered in scales; two pitch-black snake eyes are barely visible in the snarling visage. Twin saber teeth are bared, and viscous poison mixed with saliva sprays from its hissing mouth. Just before its taloned feet can dig into Jack’s face, Precien’s lips part slightly, and a perfect beautiful note of sound escapes. The snarling Denizen impacts a solid bubble of force surrounding Precien and Jack. The bubble flashes an iridescent stormy blue, the same color as Precien’s eyes. The force bubble’s vague outline illuminates for only a moment and then shatters outwards, throwing the frightening creature away. Flying a dozen meters, landing hard, the Denizen struggles in a daze to rise. Drake moves to shield both Jack and Precien.
The Denizen, shakily back on its feet, readies to lunge forward. An arrow thuds into the beast’s chest, piercing its heart, and its body crumples to the ground.
“Nathaniel...” Lynn nods to the warrior, “Good work!” She shouts the last words, and the night explodes. Trees topple and leaves whip about as soldiers fight and die. Like a flood of shadows falling from the trees and surrounding vegetation, death roars through the camp. Jack is hurried away by Drake and Lynn. With Precien close behind, Nathaniel covers the retreat with the bow, firing arrow after arrow with sublime accuracy.
As the Denizen onslaught continues and individual battles are won and lost, the circle of the camp becomes a noose closing around their necks. Lynn continues to lead the way and give orders. She can see they are winning the battle, but the losses of life are catastrophic. She lashes out repeatedly with the war staff, each strike felling another fiend.
A burrowing Denizen erupts from the earthen forest floor. A slight rumble in the ground, and then it is among them, knocking one of the soldiers hard into a tree. The beast has empty sockets for eyes and rodent teeth that force themselves out of its mouth over blackened gums. A mixture of human blood and dirt covers its matted fur. The thing’s razor-sharp claws, while short in length, are perfect for rapid digging and the slashing of human flesh.
Jack stands his ground as the chaos unfolds around him. When the first Denizen fell from the tree above him, he had been afraid, and time had slowed. Now, watching the senseless loss of human life, fear is replaced with building rage. Eyes begin to burn with building intensity, there is too much confusion around him, but he must release the fury within else it will escape on its own. He sees the burrowing Denizen wreaking havoc, the human warriors around it dead, and decides to act. With a force of will, Jack unleashes a blast of blinding light at the horror. It and the surrounding vegetation vaporize.
At first, Jack is pleased by the controlled use of his powers. But the nearby soldiers are temporarily blinded by the brilliant luminosity of the attack. Another burrowing Denizen rumbles under the ground towards Lynn. She staggers, still partially blinded, war staff sweeping out in a defensive arc keeping other Denizens at bay. Just before the beast attacks from beneath, Lynn regains some of her sight and sees the ground bulging in front of her. She throws herself to the side as the monster erupts in a shower of dirt. It catches Lynn on the side, adding momentum to the fall, throwing her against a nearby tree. Her body falls limp to the ground after impacting against the massive trunk. She does not move to rise as Jack runs to her aid. The burrowing Denizen charges to greet him with razor claws, but Jack’s fury is too much for the villain. Eyes no longer burning and without an effective weapon, he strikes out with a violent punch, the most forceful blow he has ever thrown. It strikes just underneath the burrowing Denizen’s jawline. The punch tears the beast’s head from its shoulders and splashes gore and black blood across the ground. With a start, Jack realizes his strength, like his senses, has been increasing well beyond the normal human limits since coming to Laer.
He reaches Lynn as she resumes consciousness, “Stay still, please don’t move,” he says, as his mind whirls with guilt, If I’d had more control, she’d have seen the attack coming.
Groggily regaining awareness, she murmurs, “I’m fine, Jack, it’s just a small wound. I can still fight.” The warrior woman rallies, moving quickly to retrieve her fallen war staff, then falling back to protect her charge. Her movements are a struggle, but if anything, she is even more ferocious.
Jack looks around and sees Nathaniel raining out arrows with deadly accuracy, supporting troops engaged in a brutal melee. Lynn stands shoulder to shoulder with the archer like a lioness of the pride, roaring out commands and curses. She orchestrates the soldiers into a semblance of a phalanx. Mandrigal and his fellow soldiers with swords and shields strike back against the tide of monsters screaming out of the night towards them. The air is full of the noise and smell of battle: blood and offal, both human and Denizen.
They struggle and fight to protect the camp. Eventually, the Denizen numbers lighten and then halt. The human wounded are quickly given aid. The salvageable remains of the camp and stores of supplies are hastily collected as the troupe rapidly moves out. Through the agonizingly long night, everyone is alert, scanning the shadows for hours until the daylight comes. In the morning, exhausted, they sleep in short intervals and eat. After a brief respite, they march at a steady pace through the forest on a course towards the Trail of Tears.
Once well underway, Jack asks Drake more about their destination. However, all the guardian says in response is, “We must be quiet, the forest has ears.”
Jack notices Lynn limping; again feelings of guilt assail him. He goes to her, saying, “You’re bleeding, and that bandage needs changing.” She looks down at her injured side, eyes dazed, just registering the warm blood soaking through the cloak. Stopping for a moment, she leans against a large moss-covered boulder.
Nathaniel comes to her side, helping to change the soiled bandages. Face pale, she sweats profusely.
“Lynn, I’m so sorry. Please, we should stop for a while,” Jack pleads, as an awful conflict builds inside of him. I can’t control this. So many of them have already died. I need to help keep them safe, but I don’t know how.
Seeing the turmoil in his eyes, Lynn shakes her head. “It’s all right, Jack, and you didn’t injure me. Trust me when I say, we can rest when we reach safety.”
Trusting in her, Jack concedes. They trek through the dense jungle forest for hours. Exhausted, they eventually come to a path cutting straight through the vegetation like a knife wound. It is roughly twenty meters across and made of soft, white sand. When Lynn says they are safe and can rest, Jack rechecks her bandages. After looking to her wound, he collapses, laying his head on the sandy trail next to her, and falls asleep.
Trail of Tears
When Jack wakes, the midday heat radiates off the sand in waves. The surrounding forest is ominously dark. A large tree with an enormous bole, some twenty meters from the tree line, catches his eye. The shadows of the crooks and crannies begin to move and swirl.
Rising to his feet, the two soldiers on watch notice and come closer. “What is wrong, my lord?” The trepidation in the man’s voice betrays his unease.
Jack shakes his head, eyes never leaving the coalescing shadows amongst the more giant trees. “I’m not sure. There, by that tree, what do you see?” he asks, pointing.
Both guards squint, searching but seeing nothing. Jack’s acuity is sharper; he continues to watch as the shadows swirl slowly, and from their center, a figure steps forth. The figure is made of darkness and has the shape of a man. It moves quickly towards the trail, leaping from the black hollow of one tree to the obscured branches of another. Reaching the line of demarcation where the path of sand starts and the forest ends, it lunges towards Jack and into the light. With an explosion of fiery energy and a violent shriek, it ceases to exist. Never seeing its approach, both guards startle at the death cry of the shade creature and the flashes of light.
Jack does not know what to make of the display. Staring back into the forest, thousands upon thousands of blobs of stygian darkness begin forming too many horrors for him to count.
“Wake everyone, now,” he commands. The guards hesitate for a moment, both looking to the other, then rush to their sleeping comrades, rousing them quickly. The swirling mass in front of Jack coalesces into forms of men and terrible creatures defying description. His sanity struggles to grasp what he is seeing.
The group gets quickly to their feet. Nathaniel runs to Jack’s side and follows his gaze. He sees the distant forms taking shape in the woods nearest the trail. “Who are those men?” He asks.
Jack keeps his eyes on the growing threat, flexing his hands in frustration at not having a gun or a sword. “They’re not men.” He looks back and sees Mandrigal helping the wounded Lynn to her feet. Precien has been resting in the gloom of a nearby tree. She struggles under her heavy robes to stay out of the light of day and walk upon the holy sands.
Jack looks towards the tree line. What were shadows only a moment before now stand as emaciated men and women in ragged clothing. Their lips pull back, exposing mouths full of awful teeth. However, most disturbing is their eyes, hundreds of pairs, all of them blacker than night. The horde of creatures in the forest all stare at him, snapping their jaws in frustration at being held back.
The monstrosity nearest to Jack in the tree line is a terrible form. Seven feet tall, it is humanoid with two arms. Its shoulders are slab muscle, and it stands on back-jointed legs; talons the size of cooking knives sprout from its hands. Dominating its face is a large cyclops eye of utter black. The brute hisses, quickly followed by the hundreds behind it in the forest. The hissing becomes a wave of incessant, terrible noise. Jack closes his eyes for a second to relieve the building pressure in his head. When his eyelids flutter open, standing before him is the Man in Black. Feeling lightheaded, looking out over a sea of horrors, he now faces his greatest enemy. No longer able to hold his body still, he sways, nearly toppling over, mind racing to understand. “What…What are you?”
The Man in Black stands on the white sand only a couple of feet in front of Jack. Instantly, arrows are notched and aiming at the fiend’s heart. Lynn moves to the new threat, placing herself between the Man in Black and Jack. Staff poised in defense, she trembles at being so close to a being of legend.
The Man in Black can withstand the unusual qualities of the Trail of Tears, but only for a few moments. He quickly steps up onto a small mound of grass just under the shadowy cover of the tree line. Jack rushes forward, arms flashing out, grabbing the Man in Black around the throat in a vice-like grip, forcing him to his knees with untold amounts of strength.
“What is this? I’m not fucking afraid of you or those monsters,” Jack growls through clenched teeth, voice quivering with rage, poised fist hovering in the air, ready to strike.
“Those monsters are Nauthlings, and they are an army who believes in you. I brought you here, to Laer, because I love you, Jack, and I want to set you free.” The Man in Black’s voice is disturbingly gentle even though an iron grip crushes his throat.
The words strike like a hammer blow. Jack releases the Man in Black, and the Denizen falls backward, tripping over tree roots. The young hero stumbles and falls to his knees beneath the glaring sun. Breathing deeply, he tries not to let the overwhelming feeling of panic consume him. Hot air and particles of sand fill his nostrils. He can hear the blood rushing through his veins and so much more: Lynn’s heartbeat, Nathaniel’s patchwork leather cloak creaking as he holds the bowstring at the ready. It is not what he can perceive that disturbs him. What rocks him to his core, is he hears no hesitance or deceit in the monsters’ words.
The Man in Black rights himself and crawls through the sand further into the light. “I love you,” he repeats. Jack cannot believe what is happening as tears of joy fall from the Man in Black’s eyes.
“Love? Set me free?” Each word is forced out, mind unable to understand. The hate towards the Man in Black overwhelming him, he begins to hyperventilate.
“If you go to Lake Tratone, Lily may yet be saved,” the Man in Black whispers.
Jack’s mind focuses in a moment to a diamond-hard edge, “Don’t you say her name!” He screams, lunging and slamming a fist into the Man in Black’s face. The punch shatters the Guardian’s jaw and crushes several vertebrae in his neck, throwing him back several yards.
The Denizen struggles to its knees, limbs twitching from misfiring nerve endings, “You can save her if you speak with the oracle of Lake Tratone. The old Denizen is wise and will give insight into your role here. But if you choose this path, many of this world will suffer and die.” His words are broken and gurgling as the shattered jaw rapidly heals itself.
The Man in Black crawls to within arm’s reach. “Jack, I love you, and I only want you to be free,” the fiend says, voice holding no hint of deceit.
The nonsensical words from the long-time tormentor assault the edges of Jack’s sanity. The Man in Black continues to kneel until his skin smolders, staring intensely with a parent’s loving countenance. Jack has been through so much in the last few weeks, and now, here in this new world, surrounded by strange faces and ever more strange creatures, is his long-time tormentor. This devil who has taken the great love of his life away, and now professes to love him. Jack looks into the Denizen’s eyes and sees something there—a terrible madness has settled in the Man in Black’s mind. A horrible thought strikes Jack: He believes he loves me.
“If you speak with the oracle, you might see her again,” the Denizen repeats. The words drive Jack to untold heights of rage. His rational mind takes a back seat as instincts take over. Recovering his footing, he lunges. The Man in Black does not resist, and the strange, sick look of mad love stays plastered across his face even as he is dragged by the throat further out onto the sandy trail. At first, nothing happens, but then the Man in Black begins to scream and burn. At the same moment, several yards away, another voice cries out in horrible anguish.
Drake’s skin smolders, and he appears to be immolating from within, just as the Man in Black does. Jack feels intense heat in the hand still strangling the Man in Black. Realizing Drake and the Man in Black are deeply connected, the grip falters, releasing the Denizen. Drake sprints towards them, scooping the Man in Black into his arms without breaking stride. He makes it to the tree line and reaching the shade, collapses. The Man in Black falls from Drake’s massive arms, landing in a smoldering, mewling heap. Both Guardians stay to the shadows as Jack watches, not knowing whom to trust. A terrible sense of unreality assaults him, and he struggles to decide what to do next.
The soldiery does not move. Absent orders, they hold their ground in a protective arc. Precien hesitantly approaches Jack, reaching a robed hand out to him. He pulls away and looks at the band of warriors. Nathaniel continues aiming his bow at the two Guardians in the tree line, arms trembling from the exertion.
Amongst the soldiers, Mandrigal reacts first, taking a defensive posture. Following his lead, the remaining soldiers snap into action, moving quickly over the sand. Tension knots in their shoulders, but they hold their weapons with confidence. Lynn supports herself with the war staff. The warrior woman trembles slightly and then drops to one knee, causing Jack and the archer to turn with a start.
Lynn can no longer support her weight as consciousness fades. She collapses onto her face in the sand, spear falling from slackened hands. Jack runs to her side, with Nathaniel quick behind to offer aid. The archer kneels beside Lynn, gently rolling her over and placing a calming hand on her shoulder.
Sand sticking to Lynn’s face, her eyes wince in the harsh sun. Jack moves his body to provide shade. From her vantage point, the light of the sun seems to flow around Jack’s face and shoulders illuminating him, the sight causing her to smile.
Cautiously, Precien approaches, but Nathaniel moves to bar her from getting nearer to the fallen woman.
“Let her come,” Jack commands without looking up. Precien takes a canteen from within her robes, handing it to him as she approaches. Grabbing it, he brings the flask to Lynn’s lips and gently lifts her head. She drinks for a moment until a violent cough rocks her body, the wound in her side weeping blood into the sand.
Lynn finishes choking on the water, eyes glassy and strangely peaceful. With a smile, her calm voice touches Jack’s heart. “I am leaving this world soon.”
Shaking his head, he protests, “No, you said you were feeling better…I don’t understand?”
Lynn nods slowly, “I wish it were true. It hurt me to lie to you, but I did not want you to think me weak. I wanted to get us here, to this place, so you would be safe.”
Shaking his head, with tears in his eyes Jack says, “You’re not weak.”
Lynn beams with pride and love.
Jack shakes his head, not understanding why she is sacrificing herself to keep him safe. He asks a final question, “Why?”
With reverence and tears of prideful accomplishment in her eyes, she answers, “Because you are my king, and you will save this world. All I have ever wanted to do is to keep you safe when you returned.” Her breath comes shallow and ragged, each one a struggle.
Fighting to not hyperventilate, Jack sobs, “You’re a brave woman, and you are going to live. Precien!” he says urgently.
Precien moves to kneel beside him.
“Heal her. Heal her like you did for me,” Jack begs. Precien holds out a tentative, robed hand over Lynn’s chest. After a few moments, Precien pulls her arm away, shoulders sagging, and head bowed.
“What is it? What’s wrong? Help her!” Jack shouts, voice thick with emotion and pleading.
Precien shakes her head, “Her wounds are too grave. I cannot.”
Painful sadness quickly turns to hot anger. “Then what good are you? Why are you even here?” He lashes out at her accusingly, turning his head in disgust. “You god damned monsters did this to her. Your kind killed Lily. Get out of here, leave!” He demands through clenched teeth. Tears continue falling down his cheeks, a feeling of helplessness rising over him like a crashing wave.
Precien hesitates a moment, then slowly draws herself up and starts walking down the trail, keeping to the shade, in the direction of Lake Tratone.
“It is not her fault. She did not take my life. I give it freely in the service of my king,” Lynn whispers, a peaceful smile on her face. Jack closes his eyes, thoughts racing. He takes a deep breath and holds it, gathering strength.
Opening his eyes, “Lynn, you have—” struggling to say the word “—served me well, and I didn’t want this to happen. I don’t know what to do,” he whispers, shaking his head in sad finality.
She smiles, “Your trust is a precious thing and more than I deserve.” Holding up her hand weakly, he grasps it. “You have to trust yourself now; you will do the right thing.” She finishes the sentence with a pained cough.
Jack nods his understanding. Seeing the end coming, Nathaniel reaches out gently, taking Lynn’s other hand. They hold her for a few minutes as the warrior woman passes from this world to the next.
A somber air fills the space around the troupe. Jack sits in the sand for a long time before getting to his feet. If he travels east towards the Citadel, he will be fulfilling a prophecy and potentially saving or destroying a world. If he listens to the Man in Black and heads towards Lake Tratone, the people of Laer may suffer and die. Lynn’s death, so close at hand, crystalizes the reality of the people of Laer’s lives. They are tormented by the Denizen, just as he was. He does not know them, yet they lay down their lives for him. The decision at hand is not an easy one. Even though he is a monster, the Man in Black said there is a chance he might see Lily again if he speaks with the oracle. Doubt plagues Jack’s thoughts pulling him in too many directions. He looks inward to the safe place he built with Lily’s help. In that place of hope and love, diminished and painful as it is, he finds the answer.
“We go to Lake Tratone.” He says to the remaining soldiers.
Looking to Drake and the Man in Black still in the shadows of the forest, he cannot think of a single reason to trust the advice of either Guardian from this point further. The two beings are at odds, and although they offer guidance, they have their agendas. He decides he must trust his instincts and leave them both behind, “Get the hell out of here, both of you.” His tone holds no room for argument.
Drake starts to protest, taking a step forward. Nathaniel draws his bow, aiming an arrow at the guardian’s heart. Drake’s body sags with disappointment, and he does not follow as the group begins trudging, brokenheartedly, west towards the Great Lake. Just before losing sight of them, he calls out, voice pleading, “Jack, this is folly! This is Laer, and it is your home.”
Jack stops, feet digging into the sand and pivots. He walks back to Drake and the mewling Man in Black. “Thank you, Jack,” The Denizen’s voice is sibilant, face twisted in a smiling visage of vindicated love.
Jaw set tight, shoulders pulled back, “If I see you again, Drake—” Jack pauses, nodding to the Man in Black “—or you, I’ll kill you.”
The Nauthlings and monsters in the forest fade into shadows again. The Guardians stay for a while longer. Without saying a word to one another, they take separate paths and depart from the Trail of Tears.
****
After traveling a short time, Jack finds Precien resting under a tree. Walking up, he apologizes for his behavior earlier and asks her to rejoin them. She accepts, and the group continues in the direction the Man in Black has suggested. The route proves time-consuming, the path branching more than once, causing them to double back. At the close of the first day, the woods begin to thin, replaced by large patches of red sand and black volcanic rock. At first, they are sparse but grow in size and frequency to become great islands of red sand with massive obsidian rocks splashed across the ocean of verdant growth.
They march for two more days following the trail into the dark wood. All the while, eyes in the shadows watch from a distance. As dawn comes on the third day, they see a massive body of water, making up the entire eastern horizon in the distance.
The smell of cool salty air starts to assail the travelers’ every step. The Trail of Tears comes to an end, and a rocky plateau begins. The plateau continues a distance, terminating in a cliff edge, and some hundred meters below, the beach of Lake Tratone. The land surrounding the plateau is heavy with dense jungle. To the north, massive buttes of porous black rock can be seen far into the horizon. To the south, the coastline curves out of sight, and the jungle abounds.
Jack moves to the plateau edge, surveying the enormity of the lake. On scale alone, it could be called a sea, but still, the natives deem it a lake.
“It’s going to be hard, all of us getting down this cliff,” Jack comments to Nathaniel and Mandrigal, who wait pensively nearby.
When they do not answer, he turns, “What’s wrong?”
“Stepping on its sands is forbidden.” Mandrigal comments matter-of-factly.
A mirthful smile pulls briefly at the corner of Nathaniel’s mouth.
Catching the rare facial expression gives Jack pause. “What’s funny about a forbidden beach?” he asks, genuinely curious.
Nathaniel shakes his head, the smile gone. “Those of the Citadel have many fears.” With his cool tone, he turns an emotionless gaze to Mandrigal.
“I fear nothing, you wildling scum!” the warrior screams in a challenge.
The tension had been building between the two since Lynn’s passing. Before, she had been the clear leader of the group and a neutral party between Nathaniel and Mandrigal. Now, with so many soldiers lost during the recent attack and so long in the wilds, nerves are frayed. Mandrigal moves forward, hand going to the hilt of his sword. Nathaniel reaches for one of the many daggers sheathed on his chest. Both men rapidly escalating to bloody violence, Jack intervenes.
“Stop.” he commands, calling upon an icicle of adrenaline, and time slows to a crawl. Remembering the Denizen that attacked him from above, Jack had assumed it was just his perception causing it to appear to move slowly. Now it confirms his mood, specifically his fight or flight reaction, is tied to these newly discovered powers. He moves to stand between the two men, placing himself closer to Nathaniel.
Taking a breath to calm himself, time begins to move normally. To all those present, Jack never moved. He just appeared before Nathaniel in a displacement of air. Stunned silence follows.
Staring hard at Nathaniel, intent written across his features, Jack speaks. “I miss Lynn.” He turns to regard Mandrigal. “But now is not the time for you two to get into a pissing match. I have no idea what is going to happen here. There are people out there in need of fighters to keep the monsters at bay. And we’re here, at this place, without any idea what to do next. So, if you both need to beat on each other, then get it over with, no weapons.”
Jack moves back, letting the two warriors face one another. Mandrigal bristles at the challenge, rolling his shoulders, hands moving to his weapons belt to remove it. Nathaniel looks deep into Jack’s eyes, seeing the wisdom in his words, and nods. “Mandrigal, you are the better here. Accept my apology for disrespecting you. You and your men’s courage are without question.”
Pompous and gloating, Mandrigal shows an ugly smile. But it quickly fades at the memory of Lynn and the realization his mind has been out of sorts for some time now. Shaking his head, he looks away, ashamed of his behavior. Nodding to Nathaniel, he says, “I apologize for my insult…I am…unwell.”
A pregnant silence fills the air as Mandrigal struggles with inner demons, lips moving as he converses with someone, or something, unseen. Snapping out of his mind’s wanderings, he sees the soldiery waiting for orders, some of their faces fearing him, others pitying. “We make camp!”
The two warriors separate and attend to their duties.
Precien, taking up a place at the cliff edge, watches the exchange. Her face betrays a somber yearning.
Seeing her pose, Jack approaches delicately. “Ready?”
A few moments pass. “We must wait and meet the oracle at full darkness,” she states, her gaze never leaving the water. After a moment, she looks to Jack. “I will guide you as far as I can. But at some point, you will have to go onward alone.”

The Oracle
As night falls, the howling winds of Lake Tratone sound like a ghostly wail.
Mandrigal has set up climbing ropes. Precien and Jack are lowered slowly to the rocky shore a hundred meters below.
Now, Precien stands by the shoreline, gazing out at its expanse. Without a word she dives into its waters and disappears.
“Okay, I guess I’ll wait here then,” Jack says to no one in particular, waiting patiently in silence as time passes. The stars and Laer’s moons have come out. The celestial view mirrored in the relative stillness of the lake is a beautiful sight to behold. Eventually, the lake begins to pulse in dull luminescence. There is the faintest shifting of darkness from the depths, and then, more clearly, the pulsing grows in intensity. Rising from the lake, Precien appears down the shore from him.
Jack walks to meet her. Her face is set in a look of longing and regret. “He waits,” she says, raising an arm to point southward.
He nods and starts walking, following the coastline for what seems like hours. Steps become hypnotic as his mind begins to wander. A niggling doubt has been weighing on him since the Man in Black and he last met. What if me being here is costing lives? he silently wonders, questioning his motivations and resolve.
In the distance, fire from a small campfire illuminates the sand. Jack’s feet carry him towards the warm light, but there is no one at the camp. He sits down to warm himself and waits.
After a few minutes of staring into the fire, he closes his eyes and whispers, “Oracle.” Opening his eyes, he sees standing across the bonfire is a figure in a roughhewn robe with a cowl drawn over the head. The night hides the figure’s face. Jack does not startle; he has witnessed a lifetime of things to fear. Waiting silently, he does not speak.
“Why are you here?” the robed man asks. The voice is gentle and has the same strange lilt that Precien’s carries. Just beneath the sounds of his words, the lapping waves of Lake Tratone add their hypnotic cadence.
Jack says nothing as the older robed Denizen sits down on a washed-up log near the fire. The oracle pulls back the hood. His skin is blue but not like Precien’s. The hue of it is deep blue, like glacial ice underwater. Instead of delicate seashells for ears, the oracle has what looks like barnacles on the sides of his head. However, even with the strange ears, it is his mouth that is the most unique. Instead of an upper lip, the Denizen has dark blue tentacles that hang several inches over the bottom lip. The eyes are swirling pools of ocean green and blue. A small smile pulls at the corner of those strange lips as Jack looks away from the old, wizened gaze.
“Are you the Oracle?”
The old Denizen nods, looking out over the gently lapping waves, gazing at the reflection of the moons and stars on the immense body of water.
“You’re here because death looms around you.” The Oracle says, causing Jack’s eyes to soften for a moment.
“I see the light inside of you is waning.” Genuine concern is apparent in the Oracle’s voice.
Thoughts of Lily assault him, his voice strangling in his throat as feelings of despair overwhelm him. He squeezes his eyes shut, feeling the warmth of the fire against his skin. “I want to go. I want to leave this place.”
The Oracle gets up from the log and kneels beside him. “I know the place you want to be.” Voice gentle, he places a hand on Jack’s shoulder, “I know you are a warrior and a king. But if you could change anything, what would it be?”
Jack takes a deep breath and exhales. Lifting his head, he looks up with bloodshot, watery eyes. “What can I change?” he asks, hopelessness continuing to assail him.
The Oracle meets those tear-filled eyes. “We change as the choices of our lives present themselves. You cannot know what the next moment will bring.” There is no deception, only calm certainty in the words.
Jack shakes his head. “And what, an oracle can tell me what the next moment will bring? You’re going to say you have answers, and I should listen to you, right?” The emotional pain has begun to twist his mind and poison him. Without his compass, he sees only enemies. Blinded by agony, he struggles to see the suffering of those around him.
“Where does your mind take you now?” the Oracle asks, sensing the change in the young man. The old Denizen knows he must tread lightly, or else the message he must deliver will fall on deaf ears.
Jack rises angrily to his feet, “You can’t even answer the question! You are no better than Drake or that monster!” he says.
The light of the fire flickers and the sound of the lapping waves stills.
The Oracle’s swirling eyes fill with small arcs of golden lightning. “Call to him, Jack.” He says, rising and taking a few paces away from the fire. He begins to draw a circle around himself in the sand while murmuring strange words in a language older than time.
Confused and tired, Jack questions, “What? Call who?” He turns around, full circle, seeing only the lake and endless sandy beaches. No one else is out there.
The Oracle draws complex geometric symbols in the circle of sand around himself. “He is the Ancient known as the Black Promise made real.” He whispers with a slight tremble in his voice. The air begins to vibrate. Jack looks around, puzzled, as the buzzing sound grows in intensity.
“You are no longer living, not without her,” the Oracle says out of hand.
The sudden mention of Jack’s lost love brings much-needed focus. “Lily.”
The Oracle smiles sadly. “Yes, you live in a universe without her. You think there is no beacon lighting your way. But for the sake of this world, you must not give in to despair. There is another way.”
A small amount of hope shines through all the bleak feelings washing over Jack. “I came here because that monster in black said that Lily might still be alive, and I need to know two things: Is she alive and how do I get back to her?”
“What about this world? What about the cataclysm befalling these people who even now fight and lay down their lives at your feet?” The Oracle’s voice is not accusatory and holds within it a timeless power.
Jack cannot see how his choices and their consequences play into the lives of so many. He thinks of Lynn and of the soldiers who have died. Within him, something begins to break; he is on the brink of choosing to follow a path of selfish destruction or enlightenment. Jack cares about the people who have helped him this far. He understands the capacity for humans to suffer at the hands of the evil Denizen. Nevertheless, he still needs to know about Lily, and if there is any chance of getting back to her, he must try to find it.
“How can I help these people and get back to her?” he asks, mind racing with possibilities, eager to hear the Oracle’s next words.
“The monster in black,” the Oracle says as if it should explain everything.
“What about him?” Jack asks, slightly confused.
“I cannot answer your questions, only he can. All I can show you is the path to find him. You must choose whether or not to take it.”
“What path? What are you talking about?” Jack stares at the Oracle, still drawing in the sand, and shakes his head. Turning away sharply, he looks to the waters of the great lake.
“You need to call the monster in black, and you must understand there is a chance Lily is alive. But, if she is, certainly, you will not be able to spend your life with her,” The Oracle prophesies as his green eyes glow more brightly, swirling like whirlpools.
Jack does not hesitate in his answer, “I only want to know if Lily is alive.”
“Even if you can never be with her again?”
The pointed question pushes the young man to struggle to understand something very fundamental about himself: what he can and cannot live without.
Jack’s hesitation lasts only an instant. “Yes.”
The Oracle smiles. “We will see. Now summon him.”
“Summon, who?” The Oracle’s cryptic demand is working his last nerve. Mind nearly exhausted; he does not comprehend what he must do.
“The creature you know as the Man in Black has a name. And when your father spoke the creature’s name, it would appear.” The Oracle’s voice grows louder in volume. The pressure in the air, still building in intensity, vibrates bones, shifts the sands, and blurs the air.
“I don’t understand.” Jack raises his voice over the growing resonance.
“Speak the Man in Black’s name, and he will appear and lead you to the next step on your journey.” The Oracle begins tracing figures in the air. Outlines of green, blue, and golden light follow the movements of claw-like fingers. Those images hang in the space before him, like intricate, glowing, fractal patterns. And as he works his magic, the circle full of runes in the sand at his feet begins to glow, building in fervor as he creates more and more figures in the air.
“I can call him here, now?” the young man asks, not understanding.
“Yes.” The Oracle strains as the sorcery comes to its final moments.
Jack’s eyes are distant; memories of childhood, and Lily tear at his mind. “If he comes here, I will kill him.” He growls through gritted teeth, anger seething like a furnace about to explode.
“Drake, the Man in Black, and your father are connected. If one dies, all will suffer,” the Oracle cries out over the roaring building energies. The old Denizen’s strength is nearly exhausted; his body begins to waver.
“But you said my father was immortal, how can he die?” Jack yells through blurring vision and the vibrating air.
“He was and is no longer, now say his name!” The Oracle roars the last words, collapsing to his knees.
“I don’t understand!” Jack shouts, his senses almost overwhelmed, and emotions rising to a fever pitch.
On his knees, the Oracle slams both fists into two glowing, circular runes. For a moment, the air is still, the vibration gone; all is perfectly calm.
Time slows down. “Please, say his name.” The Oracle’s voice comes like the barest of breezes, calming and cooling the inferno in Jack’s mind.
“I don’t know it!”
“Be still and hear the name you wish to speak.” The tired voice brings a moment of serenity.
Jack breathes deeply, letting the salty air fill his lungs. Closing his eyes and exhaling slowly, thoughts come rushing up from the subconscious, thousands of facts, problems, solutions, and memories all at once. They are like so many fireflies screaming through his mind in an instant. Jack remembers Nathaniel’s lessons and focuses on a single thought, the Man in Black. He speaks the name as it comes to him, “Draziel.”
The Man in Black, the monster that tormented him and orchestrated a terrible plan to corrupt him, who in some sick way, loves him, appears there on the beach. A displacement of air resounding like a thunderclap accompanies the arrival. Draziel wears the black suit and, for an instant, is stunned. He recovers quickly and lunges towards the Oracle, snarling as his eyes bleed black. Draziel touches the circle surrounding the kneeling Oracle and a green sphere of protective energy flashes throwing him back several meters. Flying through the air, Draziel transforms into his monstrous bestial form. Landing on all fours, he paces cautiously around the Oracle’s protective circle. Four solid, black eyes search the runes for flaws or weaknesses in the other Denizen’s work. A taloned paw slashes out, testing the defenses. Brilliant, bright green light flashes and the corporeal shell surrounding the Oracle throws the enormous monster backward, tumbling away into the sand. Sliding to a halt, body smoking, the beast Draziel shakes himself off and stalks back, circling close to the sphere’s protective boundary.
“What have you done, Oracle? This was not part of the plan.” Draziel’s voice is part animal growl, part subsonic vibration.
“Plans change,” the Oracle whispers. His blue skin becoming translucent and sickly, the protective circle draining his very essence to sustain itself.
“Draziel!” Jack yells.
The beast pads over to him and comes to heel. “What is your will, Lord?” it growls.
“Is Lily alive? Answer me now!” Jack demands.
The beast Draziel looks Jack in the face, its four glossy black eyes gleaming in the firelight, breath smelling of putrid flesh and burning sulfur. “Yes.”
The Oracle rises unsteadily to his feet but makes sure to stay inside the boundary of his circle. “Now send him away Jack, quickly!” he rasps. Draziel snaps its many fanged jaws in frustration, gnashing knife-like teeth. It turns its massive, lithe body towards the Oracle and readies itself to pounce. Jack, seeing Draziel about to attack and not understanding how he appeared, realizes he can command him.
“Get the hell out of here, leave!” he orders, voice full of fury and booming like thunder. Draziel turns sharply to regard him. The approximation of fear crosses the beast’s features, fear of the unknown. Jack learning its name was not part of its plan. The villain sprints away a few dozen yards and then turns back.
Draziel regards Jack with apprehension and the Oracle with contemptuous hate. Its demented mind rapidly assessing this new turn of events, it resolves to punish the Oracle and attempt to set Jack back on the path of its choosing. The beast draws in a great breath and lets out a terrible roar that shakes the air, sand, and water of Lake Tratone with its fury. The booming howl is a challenge to combat, but not for Jack or the Oracle. The beast's roar finishes; it turns its head and regards the Oracle with a fanged maw in a mock expression of a smile. Then it turns and runs as fast as quicksilver towards the surrounding cliff face and jungle beyond.
As it disappears, Jack feels something in his diaphragm. Pressure in the atmosphere builds, like the earlier buzzing of the Oracle’s incantation but much more significant. He looks out across Lake Tratone and sees the water vibrating beneath the bright moonlight. An awful green pulsing glow from deep beneath the seas begins to build. From one edge of the coastline to the other, the tremor increases and keeps pace with the growing, throbbing green light coming up from its cold, immense depths.
A scrawny robed hand, more like a chitinous claw of some sea crustacean, points out from the folds of the Oracle’s robe towards the north. The thrumming grows louder, and the small, lapping waves swell, increasing in frequency and intensity.
“Go to the Great Tree, Jack! You must use the key if you are going to save this world and her!” the Oracle yells. Leaving the now exhausted protective circle, he shoves the young hero to move.
Precien appears at Jack’s side. She pulls at him to flee, startling him at first, but he quickly recognizes her. The light and sound as the waves come crashing up the beach towards them is overwhelming. Jack’s mind focuses on a thought that will keep him sane: She’s alive, and I can help these people.
Precien drags him through the crashing waves and sand away from the Oracle. Jack resists. “Wait!” he yells, part of his mind refusing to believe what the beast Draziel has told him.
“Is Lily alive?” Jack yells at Precien and the Oracle.
The Oracle turns towards the lake, raising both arms. A series of perfect notes in a strange, unearthly tone comes from the robed creature. Its harmony speaks to something inside of Jack deeper than he has ever known. He stands, transfixed, as the strange sounds from across untold distances of the cosmos emanate from the Denizen’s body. Surrounding the Oracle is a perfect sphere of pearlescent green, shimmering light.
A voice cuts through the harmony with a delicate stillness, reaching Jack. “Lily still lives. We must go. He’s going to try to still their rage!” Precien answers over the din of wind, sand, and spray from the crashing waves.
“You knew she was alive?” Jack yells at her, eyes full of accusation.
Precien shakes her head. “No! The Oracle just told me, and he cannot stop to tell you. He is holding them back. We have to go!” She must yell over the din.
“Holding who back?” Jack asks, shouting.
Precien looks out over the now raging waters. “My kin.”
The luminescence in the lake accentuates, with arcs of what look like lightning rising from the abyssal trenches of Lake Tratone. The Oracle’s song soothes the leviathans rising from the depths, but it will not be enough to stop them from waking. They are massive Denizen fueled by rage and hatred caused by Draziel’s howled challenge. They are the gatekeepers of their realm. At one point, they were much like Precien, now devolved into monsters, fit only to be chained to the underwater rocks like guard dogs.
“I don’t understand,” Jack says as immense, dark forms rise from the deep. Massive in scale, barely grasped by the human mind without pushing it towards the limits of sanity and the brink of madness. Frothing water, giant waves, and terrible, dark clouds form overhead as heavy rain begins to fall.
The Oracle’s harmonic song slowly turns to a panicked dirge because, in his heart, the Denizen prophet knows Draziel has won the day. It has called forth the terrible monsters of the dying Kraken Kingdom, Precien’s kin lost to madness and the Black Promise. Those terrible leviathans now rise quickly to destroy all who trespass on the shores of their underwater domain.
Precien pulls Jack into a run, dragging him inland across the sand, away from the crashing waves. A thick fog rolls in, covering their retreat. Through the gloom and the rain, Jack can make out the silhouettes of enormous Denizen rising out of the lake. Forms too large to be possible, their presence drawing back the water far beyond the reaches of sight and then building into a tsunami of violent destruction.
On the cliffs above, Nathaniel sees them first. “There’s something out in the fog!” he yells as the first of the tsunami waves crash against the plateau. As the water recedes, it reveals that a blue bubble of energy has protected Jack and Precien. Without pause, Nathaniel orders the ropes dropped. Once in hand, Jack and Precien hold on tight as the soldiers pull them rapidly up the cliff face. They ascend the treacherous rock face quickly, mostly dragged by the soldiers above.
Out at sea, a hurricane builds rapidly. Shadowy figures rise in the dark. Chain lightning flashes, revealing outlines of titan sized beasts, moving towards the shore. All present stand in awe of their awesome proportions.
Arrving at the cliff face, Jack turns to fight, face burning and eyes blazing with light. Twin spears of destructive energy chase off into the deluge, finding their mark in the nearest Kraken. The titan takes the blow in the upper shoulder. Given its immensity, it looks like it is falling in slow motion as it staggers backward. But quickly another takes its place, closing the distance.
The first horror to reach the cliff scales it without effort, its large hand grasping the cliff edge and pulling itself upwards. A colossal head lumbers into view at the edge of the plateau; tentacle covered mouth, large black eyes searching the area. When the beast’s countenance comes upon Jack, the black orbs turn to red, and the titan blares a deafening challenge, its wrath terrible to witness. An impossibly large hand lifts into the heavens and comes weightily down, slowed by the sheer mass, to split the ground. Knocked from their feet, some too injured to rise from the force of the impact, the group scrambles to rally and flee.
Jack manages to fire another blast of energy from his eyes, miraculously knocking the oceanic behemoth from the plateau. Even if he could rally and fire off another burst, the shadows of even more terrible titans can be seen rising from the waters as lighting continues to crash over the vast sea.
As the dust from the Kraken’s attack settles, the blue light of Precien’s skin pierces the din. She grabs Jack's hand and drags him towards the nearby buttes of porous black rock, mad fear driving her.
Jack digs his feet in. “What about the trail? Can we go back the way we came?”
Nathaniel, nearby, answers, “The path back to the trail is blocked! We must move into the jungle or hide nearer the buttes.”
Precien, still tugging on Jack, finds her voice. “There are caves!”
Nathaniel processes this new information for an instant. “Make for the caves!” he shouts to the group.
Without looking back, Precien leads Jack, and by proxy, the others in the direction of the caves.
It is a short distance to the bluffs. The group hides in the lea of an outcropping as a tremendous wave breaks against the plateau. The ground rumbles as a plume of seawater engulfs the surrounding jungle. A sheeting deluge pours down. They struggle through waist-high water as branches, vines, mud, and leaves swirl around them, pulling in all directions. Green lightning fills the night sky as another tsunami wave, even taller than the cliff walls, comes racing towards them. Hearing its coming, Precien shouts a warning, putting up a massive shield of energy to protect the group. Water pounds over it then recedes. Precien, exhausted, collapses to the muddy ground.
Picking her up with ease, Jack holds her protectively.
“We need to find an opening. It is a forbidden place, and the smell of it will drive them back,” Precien whispers, out of breath. Brokering no argument, Jack and the remaining soldiery pull themselves through the underbrush of the forest, searching for the entrance to the caves. They choose the path that offers the most concealment, albeit the dense foliage gives much resistance. The smell is the first thing to assail them; it is a mixture of salty piquant and rotting flesh.
A dark thing looms up in front of the group, causing them to slow. It is an outcropping, worn from centuries of landmass and tidal displacement. Fanning out to search quickly, the fortuitous discovery of a crevasse leading into the bedrock gives them a second wind. They enter with haste narrowly escaping another crashing tsunami and the wrath of the Kraken Denizen.
The Cave
The thunder of crashing waves can be heard deep within the damp cave walls. The sound of beasts bellowing outside recedes as the group moves further into the subterranean area. Stumbling and pushing into the black respite, the remnants of their party eventually sag to an exhausted halt in a large chamber.
Mandrigal sits soaking wet and alone, trembling in pain, his leg wounded somewhere in the recent chaos.
Still carrying her, Jack notices the blue light from Precien’s skin waning as she struggles to remain conscious. “Nathaniel, we need light.”
The archer searches through his pack. Deep in the rucksack, he finds a flintstone wrapped in an oiled cloth. The sound of tearing fabric, another minute to band together with the remainder of his arrows, and the group has torches to light their way.
After a short rest, Precien asks to be put down. She stays near Jack, head snapping around as though she can sense something the others cannot. “We must leave this place,” she whimpers.
Jack nods, heightened hearing also picking up the strange noises. He is dismayed to see a half-drowned and wounded Mandrigal arguing with Nathaniel. He wearily approaches the two warriors, himself exhausted from the night’s revelations. The thought of Lily being alive leaves an overwhelming melancholic doubt lingering like a veil. Their voices escalating in volume, Jack must deal with the injured half-mad warrior.
Walking closer, he interrupts their arguing, ‘Nathaniel, can you take point?’ Mid-sentence, and quite angry, the archer bites his words back. Nodding sharply, he heads off into the caves. Jack waits silently, taking a seat near Mandrigal.
“What is it you want?” he growls, head bobbing as he mutters to himself.
“We have to keep moving. Can you stand?” Jack asks. Mandrigal nods and tries to rise. After a half step he cries out in pain, falling with a splash to the rough floor.
Jack reaches to help him, but Mandrigal smacks the hand away. “Get away!” he shouts, his pain and loathing echoing hollowly throughout the cavern.
Jack steps back, not understanding the other mans’ loathing, nor does he care at this moment. “You’re injured, let me help. Maybe Precien…”
Mandrigal’s face twists with pain. “I care not for your pity! Keep that monster away from me!”
Hearing the vitriol of the warrior’s words, Precien makes herself scarce, moving off in the direction of Nathaniel. She shudders, eyes storming with arcs of light pulsing rapidly in sync with her terrified heart.
Jack meets Mandrigal’s gaze. A coldness settles in his eyes as he kneels near the wounded soldier. “I don’t care about leaving you here.” Without another word, he stands to gather the others to move on. Exhausted, no one argues the decision, and the party disappears into the labyrinth of the caves leaving Mandrigal with a torch. As time passes, it begins to wicker and trembles. The light fading, the warrior attempts to rise again. Using the slick cave walls for support, he takes a few awkward steps, then stumbles hard and drops the torch. It falls, striking a hard point of ground and sparking brightly, before dousing in a small pool of water.
In that brief, final flash, Mandrigal sees an outline on the rock wall farthest from him. The shape is not part of the cave but something else that has been there the whole time, waiting patiently. Once the light fades to black, a clicking noise starts to sound from the far end of the cave. It is subtle and cautious at first, but then whatever is making the sound becomes more confident and louder. The outlines on the slick black walls begin to scuttle towards Mandrigal with quick, clattering movements. The warrior’s breath comes rapidly, mouth and throat becoming too dry to swallow. All around him, great forms with hard chitinous armor begin scrambling across the rock ceiling and walls towards him. The accompanying clatter of so many monsters is terrifying.
Paralyzed for only a moment, Mandrigal’s will to survive takes hold. From the rough, uneven floor, he crawls backward. As he splashes and staggers, the noise alerts the creatures. They pause for only a moment to regard their prey, and the air goes silent. The sound of them moving towards him returns, this time quicker, more eager than before. Mandrigal manages to shove himself into a sitting position inside a small, jagged recess in the rock. The hiding place offers little in the way of cover. With something substantial against his back, he finds his blade and draws it to the ready.
The unseen horrors have him surrounded. He begins to see outlines of dense, armored forms with spine-covered multi-jointed appendages. The beast’s shells are the same color as the rocky shelter. Their clawed limbs, gripping for purchase on the uneven walls, cause the strange sounds echoing around him.
The Denizens’ scuttling advance is too much, and he shrieks in terror. Like some sea-dwelling creature—a crustacean’s mouth with probing tentacles flowing over hard beaks surrounded by hundreds of lamprey teeth like white, sharp needles. Mandrigal swings the sword wildly in the dark. The bulky form nearest him moves faster than it should be able to, smashing into the sword, knocking it aside. Searing pain leaves his arm paralyzed. The fiend recoils from the impact of the sword but does not hesitate and lunges for the warrior’s face. A perfect note of sound pierces the monstrous din, and pearlescent blue light surrounds Mandrigal in a protective sphere. The moment of blue light from Precien’s call is enough to distract the creatures.
A natural reaction to the sudden luminescence, the beasts in the cave all freeze at once. As they do, a shadow melts from the wall nearest Mandrigal’s hiding place. There is the slightest parting of air and then the perfect strike of a blade moving at tremendous speed. The claw, mid-swing and about to take off Mandrigal’s head, falls harmlessly away. The Denizen has time to register the pain of its missing appendage, letting loose a terrible screech of anguish. Nathaniel, his exotic cloak flowing like shadows around him, quickly dispatches the monstrous, clawed beast into pieces. Mandrigal’s eyes cannot follow the sword, the blade appearing as a blur. Three perfect strikes trisect the thing’s body. Even before the dismembered Denizen hits the ground, the wildling melts back into the darkness and appears again to fall upon the next foe.
With each passing moment, another devil meets its end. Nathaniel’s technique is flawless, his form sublime, as if the mythical sword Organon has a mind of its own, appearing to move a split second ahead of the man wielding it. Walls, ceilings, and stalactites are no boundaries. Barely a minute before Mandrigal was a hair’s breadth from death. Now, the remaining cave horrors see their brood brothers scythed like wheat before Nathaniel’s fury and hurriedly scuttle back into the dark recesses to wait for more easy prey.
The stygian gloom of the cavern begins to fill with warm light as the party of soldiers returns with their torches. Jack moves to the fallen Mandrigal. He retrieves the other man’s sword, handing it to him hilt first. “Thought we should come back for you,” he says calmly before turning and walking away.
Mandrigal snarls, getting to his feet. “You used me as bait!” he yells accusingly.
Jack turns from talking with Precien, “No. Precien told me about the creatures as we went ahead. I decided to come back for you. You’re welcome.”
Precien notices Mandrigal’s newest wounds. She approaches him cautiously. He thinks about raising his sword but, weakened, decides instead to let her come closer. She reaches out a delicate blue hand and touches him on the forehead. Light flows from her into his body, healing the wounds and relieving much of his pain. She removes her hand and goes to step away.
Mandrigal is too stunned to speak. Until that moment, he had hatred and contempt for the Denizen and, by proxy, Jack. He thinks of Nathaniel and the display of martial prowess, He could have killed me on the cliff face with ease. His view of the world is, at best, tormented fragments. Still, he feels a strange sensation now, realizing the compassion and consideration those he hates have shown for him. Regaining some composure, he holds out a hand. “Wait.” Precien turns back, eyes questioning. “Thank you,” Mandrigal says, voice sincere. She smiles softly, unsure of what to do or say next.
“What were those things?” he asks.
“This place is forbidden. It is cursed and home to terrible creatures that were once my kin. Lost to the dark, they were cast out to live forever as beasts. Kraken must never come here, or risk damnation.”
Nodding his thanks again, Mandrigal leaves her and returns to the troops. He means to thank Jack for coming back but, being too proud, never utters the words.
Precien moves quickly to Jack’s side, her unease building again to terror. “We cannot stay here,” she says, voice trembling with tension.
Jack agrees with her assessment. “Let’s get out of here,” he says to her and the others. With that, all move out at a quick pace.
They are not confronted again by the scuttling Denizen. After struggling through the subterranean maze for many hours, they find an exit. In the daylight, the brightness is painful to the eyes. Safe for the moment, the group makes camp in a nearby field.
While reconciling what little provisions they have left, Precien offers Jack some insight, “They will not venture out of the caves. They are lost to reason and do not understand they can leave.” Feeling the weight of terrible sadness she acknowledges, “They are only beasts.” There is a mournfulness in her voice that Jack begins to understand. The fate of all Denizen is to become some type of nightmare creature. The fear she must live with is something the others cannot begin to understand.
Leaving, Precien goes about setting up her tent away from the others.
“Wait,” Jack calls. Holding no ill will, he recognizes her strength and courage in coming this far. “Please let me help you set up a place to sleep,” He offers, taking the gear bag off her shoulder. Jack moves to the camp proper, including Precien with the others, and no one questions the decision. Mandrigal offers to assist in setting up the tent. Neither Precien nor the tormented warrior speaks, but as the evening hours come, they sit next to one another around the campfire.
The strange stars above give little comfort to Jack, but they are beautiful. Everyone is so tired there is no discussion of the day’s events.

The Lost Monarch
At first light, they break camp with spirits slightly lifted after a good night’s rest and no sign of the enemy. They travel far that day, passing through wooded areas, eventually coming to a deep bowl-shaped valley. A single roadway leads down to the lowland. Agricultural paddies line the valley walls. The people who work those fields till the soil with their sweat, blood, and tears creating the bounty that feeds those who live in Great Tree. As with all things, the few with authority command from Great Tree while the masses toil to scrape by.
Throughout the valley floor are ramshackle houses. From their vantage point, the group sees more detail in the staggered paddies and agriculture rows, all of which lead down to a pristine meadow. Just beyond the houses and fields is a lake at the base of an enormous tree. It rises beyond the valley’s rim, reaching for the sky. The lake is fed by a waterfall pouring down just behind the tree and enveloping its bole in a large cloud of mist, appearing to grow out of the lake.
The Great Tree is a massive specimen; it towers enormously, its colossal verdant crown more like a living skyscraper, with branches and leaves instead of glass and steel. From the trunk sprouts the wooden, living wall that is the first line of defense for humankind on Laer.
A structure rests in the branches of the gigantic arboreal specimen. It resembles a massive, elegant tree manor. The design of the entire thing is such that the fluids and nutrients carried by the waterfall flow through the expansive estate and into the large pool at its base.
The main road to the manor runs up both sides of the valley wall, terminating behind the waterfall. A broad, covered bridge grows from the Great Tree and leads behind the falls connecting to the main road, thus allowing entrance into the estate proper. Amongst its breath-taking branches are domiciles sculpted from the living wood. Windows of translucent plant matter allow warm light from within to shine out into the encroaching evening sky.
Before the group begins the walk down into the valley, Mandrigal pulls Jack aside. “I don’t like this. We’ll be trapped if attacked.”
“Attacked by who?” Jack asks.
Mandrigal shakes his head to and fro, murmuring to someone unseen, then looking back, “I…I have a bad feeling. I am requesting to play the part of the rearguard. I can provide overwatch without being noticed, and I can rejoin you later should there be no threat.”
The man’s logic is sound, but the way he behaves; the unbalanced mood, the sporadic deranged behavior, gives Jack pause. It is the first time Mandrigal has ever asked his permission, and it is a hopeful sign. Struggling with indecision, he finally gives in to trusting the other man. “All right, just be careful.”
A gleam of pride shines in Mandrigal’s eyes; he nods then trots off, losing himself in the surrounding vegetation.
Nathaniel appears at Jack’s side. “What’s that all about?”
Jack, still staring in Mandrigal’s direction replies, “He asked me to trust him, so I took a risk.”
Nathaniel’s hooded eyes regard Jack, “A wise decision.”
With that, the company takes the road leading down into the valley. They make their way through the streets, following the main thoroughfare to the arbor’s manor. Small shops line the edges of the dirt street as they make their way past bakers, butchers, tailors, artists, and bards that vie for their attention. No one bars their way, no one charges them for the supplies they require, giving them freely to the weary travelers.
Small children, now distracted from their games and meanderings, run to their homes. Parents come to see why the children are so excited. The adults become quiet and bow their heads as they see Jack leading the contingent.
“Why are they bowing their heads?” Jack asks.
Nathaniel is closest, so answers first, “Your coming was foretold.”
“This is about the prophecy?”
“Yes,” Nathaniel says with a voice full of caution.
Today is King’s Day when all the workers celebrate the glory of hard work and nature. A strange, half-crazed vagabond is entertaining some street children with an impromptu puppet show. He was once jester of the royal court, now relegated to the role of town fool. The man is dressed in tattered garb and speaks in lyrical riddles. Seeing strangers enter the town, he watches with fearful interest. As Jack and the others come closer, the jester calls out, “My king! A pleasure to behold you on your special day, my lord.” voice holding a sing-song lilt.
Jack stops walking, attention focusing on the strange man.
“Too many kings and queens in the castle, lord,” the jester rants, jumping off an impromptu stage, landing in a perfect lazy cartwheel. “Too soon for fall and not another spring. But trust me not, for surely I have ceased my employ and no longer make crowds merry, or children laugh.” The jester’s tone becomes sad and distant as he recalls a recent loss. He moves quickly, throwing himself into a handspring, and lands in front of Jack.
Nathaniel’s lightning-quick reflexes react, but Jack’s voice cuts him off, “Stop, let him speak.” The wildling obeys. However, his hand does not leave Organons’ hilt.
“Fear not, my lord, I am but your humble servant. And in these dark times, my life is worth naught. Heed my warning.” The half-mad jester moves too quickly for anyone to see and, with his mouth next to Jack’s ear, whispers, “There is danger here.”
“You there!” A voice yells. Jack turns to see a dozen men in ornate segmented armor running up the street. He looks around quickly, not surprised to see all the soldiers with their weapons raised. Precien appears at his right side, her blue eyes storming.
The jester smiles and whispers, “They’re the manor guard, my lord. Do as I do.” He takes a comically large step forwards, dipping into a ridiculous bow, “Goodly knights, I beseech thee…” he begins to say.
The manor’s guards come up short a few feet from the jester and halt. Armed with wickedly serrated blades at their hips, each carries a strange looking weapon. After a few moments, Jack recognizes it is a crossbow, with the bow portion bent backward. The barbed tip of the notched bolts glints sickly green in the sunlight. The crossbows are made of the same material as the guards’ segmented armor. Upon closer inspection, the organic plate is not black but a deep purple with small imperfections giving it a natural look. The lead guard points an accusatory finger at the jester, “Restrain this one.” Two of his men step forward quickly, shoving the man into custody.
The leader looks to Jack, “You are expected. Come with us. Please.” His voice comes haltingly, eyes holding a far-off look. After a brief pause, Jack consents, and the guards lead him and the others to the arbor manor. Families follow them at a safe distance.
Jack’s trepidation grows, the closer they come to the walkway underneath the waterfall. As the ragtag group walks around the falls, the roaring sound of water and mist accosts them. The cold dampness in the air helps to alleviate the building tension.
They come to the wooden entranceway and step inside. Walking towards the belly of the manor, the roar of the waterfall lessens. The walls, ceiling, and floors all glow with a dull warm light that permeates every surface. Furniture, rooms, and pathways grow out of the Great Tree providing organic interior design. As they go deeper inside, the walls open up into a great hall. Massive natural lights growing from the roof illuminate the cyclopean room. Shelves made from living branches extend upwards to a magnificent ceiling. Books and tomes grow from the shelves numbering in the tens of thousands. People here and there in long robes study the writings of the Great Tree.
A young woman walks demurely up to them. Her face is warm as she smiles with large doe eyes, “Welcome,” She says in a singsong voice as warm as honey and twice as sweet, but tinged with a sick strangeness.
Jack steps forward. “I need your help. We’re on our way to the Citadel.” He waits patiently, but the woman does not move. She stares blankly back at him.
“Welcome,” she says again, her eyes unwavering, betraying nothing.
Jack looks around with impatience and frustration. “Right, well, this is going nowhere.”
The natural internal lighting flickers for a moment causing all the people milling about to freeze. The illumination dims slowly, turning an unwholesome color. Everyone in the great hall either flees or curls into the fetal position, whimpering on the floor. Without warning, the lights go out entirely. Total blackness surrounds Jack and the soldiery. The sound of hundreds of chitinous claws on wood comes from all directions. People shout and draw arms. A single, beautiful note from Precien is cut abruptly short. Jack cannot anticipate the blow that lands on his temple. Everything fades to darkness as he crumples to unconsciousness.

The Dungeon
Within the somber, hidden place, the air is warm and damp. The stale foulness of dead things and the closeness of the confines press against the senses with portentous dread.
Iron braziers with glowing blue flames light the dungeon, casting awful shadows across the scene. Recessed along the walls are numerous cells like a nightmarish honeycomb. There are inky black alcoves at regular intervals looking out into a grand chamber. At its center are various torture instruments and strange, dark racks with chains. At the end of the room is an enormous cave opening leading downwards into the bedrock underneath the Great Tree. The gaping hole possesses malevolent darkness that seems to go on forever.
Jack slowly wakes and finds himself in a small cell, several yards above the chamber floor. The cage is built out of organic substance like the armor the manor guards wear. The alien construction material appears throughout the architecture of the place.
As his eyes adjust, he can see low-lying fog covering the dungeon floor. He and everyone with him have been stripped of their weapons and armor.
Someone in a nearby cell stirs, drawing his attention. “Hello?” Jack whispers. Time drags agonizingly slow until he hears someone shuffling and waking. Peering through the darkness, he sees the jester from the street.
“What in the dark?” the man moans as he rolls to a sitting position. Throughout the dungeon, others are waking and shaking off the effects of whatever knocked them out earlier.
“Where are we?” Jack asks no one in particular.
‘My lord, you are in the dungeon of the Great Tree, Hyperborean. And here we will stay until I fear…” the whole place shudders gently, cutting him short. “…damn.” The jester’s voice betrays his hopelessness.
“What?” Jack exclaims, getting quickly to his feet. The sound of something drawing closer accompanies another slight vibration.
“Well, my lord, now we meet the ruler of the Great Tree,” The jester’s eyes dart from side to side, searching the gloom as the noise builds quickly in volume.
“A Denizen?” Jack yells.
The chattering sound builds into a deafening roar through the dark space.
“Oh, I’m afraid it’s much worse than that,” yells the jester, as the walls shudder and a noise sounding like thousands of quick, sharp impacts come to a crescendo.
“Who are you?” Jack shouts over the din.
The sound stops abruptly, and the jester begins to cry. “I am your humble servant, but now my life is at an end. And soon, so shall yours be.”
Behind the man’s sobs, there are the sounds of claws on stone, the click-clack of mandibles, and the whisking of large antenna tasting the air.
At the back of the chamber, a massive shadow forms in the cave opening. The jester begins to tremble, watching horrified as the awful shape resolves, “The Queen of the Damned,” he whispers.
The Queen’s lumbering form is one-half distended thorax with hundreds of small legs that shuffle her elephantine girth along. Her mid-section is like an ocean lobster with shorter, clawed limbs protruding from both sides. Her spine is covered with wicked-looking angular chitin. Two massive shoulders support tree trunk-sized armored and segmented arms that terminate in what look like pincer claws of a sea crustacean but are, in fact, multi-jointed talons.
The Denizen Queen scuttles forward and stands, wavering slightly; her hundreds of legs keeping her perpetually moving. The jester is breathing rapidly, close to passing out. The immense Denizen stands in front of his cell, body swaying gently. Shortly, the jester’s body starts moving in rhythm with the Denizen Queen’s motions. The other prisoners watch in abject horror as the man moves closer towards the cell bars. Most find themselves transfixed by the leviathan, their bodies beginning to sway. Four of the queen’s mid-section clawed limbs shoot out between the cell bars impaling the jester. The claws start pulling in opposite directions, and, with little effort, the behemoth pulls the man to pieces. Prisoners scream as the hot, coppery smell of blood and effluence fills the dungeon. The villain pulls the smaller parts of the jester into her crab-like mouth to feed. The beast becomes aware of Nathaniel, still mesmerized near the bars of the adjacent cell, unable to look away or move. Her vast body spins around; arms lunging out much quicker than appendages of that size should be able. Two wickedly tipped claws punch through the archer’s upper torso and shoulder. Nathaniel, hypnotized by the Denizen Queen, does not cry out.
The other prisoners are yelling now, trying to draw the monstrosity’s attention, causing the Denizen to startle and shift. With the Queen’s mesmerizing movement stopped, Nathaniel wakes from the hypnotized slumber. Becoming quickly alert, he screams, slamming bare fists into the monster’s spine-covered impaling arms. He pounds both hands bloody, trying to remove himself from the beast’s talons. The terrible lamenting wails of Nathaniel echo around the chamber.
Jack feels power well up inside of him, not the hot rage from previous occasions, but the coldness of fear and helplessness, “Stop,” he says, and with that one word, time slows to a halt. The entire cavern stands frozen in a horrific moment. Nothing moves, except for Jack. Tentatively, he reaches out and grips the jagged edges of the cage. With a hard pull, the material disintegrates into dust in his hands. He wrenches the remainder of the confines out of the way. Looking at his impaled companion, he is reminded of Lynn. With so much power to command, he still cannot control life and death.
Jack did not intend for the world to stop. He only wants the horror of this ugly place and his part in it to be over. Mind going to a dark place made of abyssal despair and nothingness, he finds a fraction of control in those depths. Climbing down from the cell to the dungeon floor, he makes his way to the Denizen Queen. Reaching out tentatively, he touches the hardened shell of her body. Her armored exterior yields readily. Struggling to reach the proper angle, he tears the armored pincers holding Nathaniel off the Denizen’s body. He steps towards what approximates the beast’s chest and pushes both hands deep inside, wrapping them around something he hopes is vital. He loses focus for a moment, and time begins to resume its pace slowly. Startled by the sudden movement of time, he jerks both hands out from deep within the Denizen’s shell, the motion disintegrating the armor plating of the Queen’s body, tearing her nearly in two with little effort.
Time continues to move ever quicker, finally returning to normal. Black ichor, blood, and filth cover Jack; none of the others saw him move. To them, he appeared out of his cell in an instant of explosive violence, leaving the giant Denizen dead, the remains smoking at his feet. All witnesses stand stunned.
Jack moves to grip the bars of Nathaniel’s cage. Destroying the bars with little effort, the action reaffirms he is growing stronger every moment. Black gore covering him, he steps into the cage and quickly administers aid to the archer’s ravaged body.
“Not him,” Jack whispers to himself, swearing to save Nathaniel’s life. Realizing he needs help, he frees the other prisoners. They gather in the center of the dungeon; all are solemn, and none speaks as the wildling lays dying. Jack looks at their faces and sees one missing. “All of you, find Precien now,” he orders. The soldiers begin moving with purpose. They find their armor and weapons in an alcove at the back of the dungeon. They quickly rearm and commence their search.
Soon, the group finds a door barred with massive locks. Jack rushes to it and, with powerful ease, rips the door from its frame. They all rush inside and find a gruesome torture chamber. A scene of carnage fills the view before them. The smell of blood is so overpowering some of them vomit. Gory remains of the manor guard fill the space, their bodies hacked to pieces with reckless abandon.
Jack sees a bloodied figure moving near the center of the room. Sprinting forward, he slides to a halt on the wet floor and finds Mandrigal fumbling to release Precien from a torture device. The warrior’s body is covered in gore and blood. The soldier had followed them, struggling to find the way into the dungeon. When he saw the manor guard torturing and violating Precien, he lost control and slaughtered all he could find. Even now, he mumbles incessantly to himself, seemingly oblivious to Jack’s presence.
Mandrigal’s strength fails, as he is beyond the point of exhaustion. Hands slick with gore and trembling feebly with exertion, he continues to try to free Precien’s bonds. Jack moves slowly to his side, placing a gentle hand on the other man’s shoulder. The warrior spins, eyes deserted of conscious reason, trying to raise a hand to strike. Jack wraps both arms around the other man, holding him tight, not wanting to harm him. Like so much else, Jack’s strength has evolved well beyond that of an average human, even a maddened one. To him, it was like restraining a flailing infant. He whispers, trying to soothe the warrior, “It’s all right, it’s okay, you’re safe now, she’s safe now.”
Slowly, Mandrigal relents in his efforts to attack, and breaks down sobbing. “They were defiling her when I came in…I should have been swifter; I couldn’t, I didn’t…”
Jack holds him for a few more moments. “Captain Mandrigal, your king needs you,” he says with conviction, trying to bring the other man back from the brink. With a force of will, Mandrigal stills himself and recovers his breathing.
He pulls back, finally seeing it is Jack before him. The blood rage evaporates, and a vast ocean of madness recedes like the tides. “What is my king’s command?”
Jack nods, pride, guilt, and so many other feelings running through him. “Help me free her.” They release Precien from the torture wrack together. She collapses into Jack’s arms. Her body is a ruin of cuts, gashes, and burns. One of her eyes has been torn out; the other struggles to remain open as unconsciousness threatens to overwhelm her.
Beneath the raging emotions, Jack can feel the power deep within him begin to rise. But it is different this time. It is not the hot rage of anger, nor is it the coldness of defense. A light builds within his chest and travels down his extremities into Precien’s ruined form. The others stand in awe of the holy display as warm golden light illuminates the nightmare they find themselves in. The worst of Precien’s wounds begin to close. The ruined eye mends, but there is still more damage, and he cannot heal her completely. Jack has exhausted much to fight and defeat the Denizen Queen and his power wanes. The healing light dims and then goes out.
Precien stutters through the pain, ‘Jack…’
His mind falls back on the training he received as a medic. Assuming her anatomy is similar to his own, he works to bandage the remaining wounds. He fashions a rough splint for her broken arm, and works quickly, getting her back on her feet.
Supporting Precien, Jack takes her to Nathaniel. Using her healing powers, she stabilizes the man’s condition. A litter is fashioned, and volunteers carry the wildling. All this they accomplish in less than a handful of minutes, which is just as well because soon there are more guards, and more monsters racing towards the dungeon.
Precien leads the way into the abysmal dank cave that had been the Denizen Queen’s lair. She navigates in the darkness, the glow from her skin illuminating the way for the group. They come to a fissure just wide enough for them all to squeeze through. Once through, Jack uses his superhuman strength to collapse a massive boulder, blocking their pursuers. He and the others escape through a series of tunnels leading beyond the Great Tree and the Second Great Wall.
Once again, they find themselves traveling in a lightly wooded forest. The Second Great Wall stretches as far as the eye can see into the distance. Patches of red sand and black volcanic rock pepper the landscape infrequently. After several hours, they come upon ruined homesteads abandoned and left to rot. Continuing, they find the Trail of Tears and follow it.
● ACT VI ●
The Fort
In the distance, a massive bastion made of wood and stone slowly comes into view as Jack and company approach. The Trail of Tears bisects the Fort down its center, and an enormous perimeter wall encompassing the haven is scarred with the signs of a recent Denizen attack. The landscape in all directions for hundreds of meters remains cleared of forest and brush, providing a first line of sight for defense.
Outside the main gate, refugees have congregated awaiting entry. Wounded and children are with them. The entrance is manned around the clock, but more soldiers have gathered, drawn by the newcomers' approach.
Presently, Jack and his troupe stand looking up at the ramparts of the main gate. “Open up, we have wounded.”
The soldiers on the bulwarks are battle-hardened veterans. The senior amongst them calls down, “What makes you think I’ll let you, or that thing, inside these walls?” nodding in the direction of Precien. Some of the soldiers smile derisively, sniggering amongst themselves, and readying their bows. The refugees, seeing what Precien is, repel closer to the walls. Mandrigal stands closer to her now, hand on sword, body taught with the threat of violence should anyone think to harm her.
Audacity has been building in Jack since surviving the crucible of the dungeon. His anger rising, “Can’t you see the wounded down here? There are women and children, OPEN THE GATE!” he shouts, voice amplified unnaturally by the rising force within.
Taken slightly aback by the volume of the demand, the senior speaks again, “On who’s authority do you demand entry?”
Perhaps hearing Jack’s voice, or by happenstance, a titan answers from the tree line some hundred yards out. It is an awful choking bleating howl accompanied by the crashing of trees and rock. A mammoth Denizen, with the head of a goat and fangs so large its mouth cannot close, carried by six thick broad hooved legs, erupts from the woods. It charges straight for them with ten eyes blazing red with rage.
The fort guards barely hesitate, the senior issuing orders, a volley of arrows soar overhead. They find their mark, but the Denizen is unfazed, and far too infuriated to feel pain. The refugees panic, trying to scramble up the wall or fleeing. The senior and his fellow guards watch in horror as the fiend closes the gap to the main gates.
Jack’s anger turns to white-hot fury. Stepping away from his comrades, he faces the charging terror head-on. Crying out in release, twin blasts of light explode from his eyes, annihilating the Denizen. A furrow of the molten ground and disintegrated forestry follows the path of the explosion to the horizon.
Stunned silence from the wall guards and refugees follows. The soldiery accompanying Jack whisper prayers, reverence held in their eyes. Even Mandrigal is awed by the display of control and power.
Precien looks up to the senior guardsman and, with calm conviction, says, “By order of the king, open the gate.”
Shaking himself from the reverie, the senior quickly issues orders to open the gates and sends word to the Fort’s commanders. Jack and the others enter unmolested, along with the several dozen refugees. Traveling further into the Fort, the desperate conditions of its occupants became apparent. Families huddle together under lean-tos made from whatever scraps of wood and cloth they could piece together, the makeshift shelters doing little to keep out the drizzling rain. At regular intervals, battle weary soldiers walk the wooden ramparts along the battlements. They carry bows and swords sheathed at the hip. Each one has a strange, round, metallic device attached to their belts opposite their sword hand.
Jack finds Nathaniel asleep on the litter with Precien and Mandrigal standing guard nearby, “What are those?” He asks, pointing to the round device on a passing soldier’s belt.
“Breakers. They give off brilliant explosions of light that can kill the Denizen but are harmless to humans,” Mandrigal answers.
“There are old stories that where the Breakers fall Denizen can no longer pass. The spaces remain as lethal traps for years,” Precien adds.
“But it doesn’t matter; they are only ceremonial now. Whatever power fueled them is long gone,” Mandrigal comments, voice hollow and sorrowful.
When Jack’s father fell, the power that lived within the weapons, wards, and walls of Laer began to fade. Now, most of the remaining soldiery throughout the land carry inert weapons out of ceremonial respect, hoping that one day the light will return to Laer and with it a means to defend against the Denizen.
Nathaniel groggily regains consciousness while Jack is near. “My lord, I am sorry… I…” the wildling stutters as pain assaults him. The warrior believes he has somehow failed by falling into the trap at the Great Tree. Turning his head, he sees the people huddled together nearby. “The last memory I have of my family, I was very young. We were huddled together in the mud, terrified of what was coming. My mother, she…” choosing not to voice his most awful moment, Nathaniel nods at a nearby family clustering under the lee of temporary shelter, “…the Denizen are evil. They will come here and kill everyone.”
Jack leans closer to him, putting a hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry for what happened to you Nathaniel. I’m not going to let that happen here.” He looks around, seeing the squalid conditions and broken people hiding within the fort’s walls. “I will save as many as I can.” The archer nods his head. The two men stand witness to the refugees silently, for a time, before Nathaniel reaches for Organon. “It is time for you to have this, take it. Make it to the Citadel and help these people. May the light guide you, always.”
Jack reaches out hesitantly, grasping the sword, taking it reverently from the Shayani warrior. The blade hums in response to his touch; previously dark sigils built into the pommel ignite momentarily. A tingling in his arm grows and fades as he straps Organon to his weapons belt.
His duty done, Nathaniel falls back into a restorative slumber. Both he and Precien have been healing rapidly. Precien, through some unknown means, is near totally restored. Perhaps it was the miraculous curative power Jack bestowed or her unique physiology. Throughout the journey to the Fort, she looked after Nathaniel, healing his wounds as rapidly as possible. But the injuries were grievous, and he still needs rest.
There is an infirmary at the North end of the Fort. Most of the elderly, walking wounded, and the children are housed near it. They take Nathaniel there to receive proper care for the duration of their stay at the garrison. Jack takes note of the infirmary and plans to return to offer what help he can.
The broken resolve of the Fort’s people is a palpable force in the air. Soldiers cook meals and rest around small fires. Smoke wafts past as Jack walks by several buildings made of what looks like hardened earth. As the soldiery accompanying him continues onward, the structures increase in height and density the closer they come to the center of the Fort.
Rounding a building, they come to a small pathway lined with tall, thick-walled alleyways surrounding a central Keep. It stands easily twice again the height of the tallest buildings, constructed of a mixture of stone and metal.
Fort guards step out from an alley close to the portcullis of the Keep. Another group of guards moves to flank Jack and his companions. They form a wall of armored bodies and weapons boxing them in. Some of them carry strange rifles Jack has never seen before. Armed with swords, each has the ‘breaker’ device attached at the waist.
Mandrigal stays close to Precien; both are tense with anticipation. A warrior dressed in battered white armor steps forward. The emblem on his right shoulder pauldron is red instead of the grey the other warriors wear.
“The prodigal son has returned,” the man announces snidely. Jack stands still as a statue while the warrior places a hand on the hilt of the xiphos short sword sheathed at the waist, “Seize him,” he commands.
“Wait,” Jack says, anger rising, “Who are you?”
Drawing the short sword menacingly, the leader steps forward. A dagger appears in Precien’s robed hand. It is the first time she has brought out a weapon. To Jack, this simple action on her part speaks volumes about the threat in front of him. Closing his eyes, he focuses on the power he called upon in the dungeon.
“Stop!” Jack shouts, and everything stops. He moves forward at a leisurely pace, walking past the wall of guards, careful not to touch any of them. Staying within a few yards of the Keep’s portcullis, he focuses, relaxing his mind, and time begins to move normally again.
The Fort guards’ heads snap around, searching for their quarry. The lead guard sees a smirk on Mandrigal’s face and, following the gaze, finds Jack standing behind him. It takes several moments for the realization to hit. All the guards slowly lower their weapons.
Precien speaks first. “The king has returned.”
The Fort soldiers look to their commander for direction. He points an accusing finger at Precien. “Quiet monster!” he orders, looking back at Jack with a crazed intensity, “His coming shall be the death of this world,” he says, quoting the oracle’s prophecy.
An older woman watching from the nearby crowd of refugees steps forward. She shuffles slowly over to stand between the Fort guards and Jack. Looking up into his eyes, she reaches out gently to touch his face. “His father was a bringer of life. And so, the son will return, and in his footsteps, a path of destruction will follow.” Smiling sagely, she turns to the gathering crowd of people, addressing all present. “The last prophecy of the Oracle speaks of destruction—ours or the Denizens’—the outcome is yet to be revealed. But there is one thing for certain; war is here.” As she finishes, an alarm bell ominously begins to toll.
The guards rush to the Forts’ main entrance. Jack and the others follow suit.
Outside the refuge of the main defensive wall, at over two hundred yards’ distance, a horde of Nauthlings and Denizen has gathered from the Eastward approach. Amongst their ranks are hulking beasts, four-legged terrors, and winged horrors that stand on two legs with horns sprouting from their abominably shaped skulls. Even with their violent nature, the Denizen are held in check with a sense of purpose. The horde stands in a rough skirmish line, waiting for the order to annihilate the Fort and claim the head of the king’s son.
A champion stands out amongst the rest. Not the largest or fastest Denizen, but by far the most terrifying, it moves to the fore ranks of the horde. Chittering horrors and shambling lurkers part before the champion, and its charge, as they come forward.
A little girl found along the road to the Fort has been spared to travel with them, a curiosity to the monsters and now a means to call out the son of the accursed king.
The champion spreads its horrendous leathery wings, letting out a howl of malice that shakes the air and is heard by all within the Fort. The humans feel the dreadful entities cry resonating deep in their collective subconscious, causing some to freeze in place, and all to tremble. The roar triggers an evolutionary memory, like staying close to a fire as the shining eyes of a predator gleam back at them from the darkness.
The child is held delicately by the champion’s taloned claw. Her small body in shock, she is completely alone and, for all purposes, lost.
Jack looks around him at the soldiers on the walls. Solemn helplessness drips in the air, the inevitability of the next few moments a weighted terror on the hearts of all those present. The multitude of beasts of nightmare erupts in a shrieking bray of frenzied rampage. The people in the Fort blanch in terror. Those on the walls think of their wives, husbands, and children, as they look out over the horde of miscreation’s standing at their door. With only minutes to live, most hope and pray they will not be found wanting in their final moments.
Seeing the little girl, with all those monsters surrounding her, Jack leaves the ramparts, moving towards the Fort’s main gate. Mandrigal appears at his side. “You can’t go out! There are too many, they’ll kill you!” Voice pleading, he grabs the younger man by the arm.
Jack pauses for only a moment. “It’s time for me to face my demons. Stay here, I’ll be back.” Without effort, he breaks free of Mandrigal’s grip and departs through a small, one-person entrance adjacent to the main gate. The moment he steps outside the Fort proper, the entire horde goes silent, watching, as he walks the long distance to stand before the Denizen champion.
Jack stands in the shadow of the winged beast. “I’m here; let her go,” he orders, voice exceedingly calm.
The champion starts to cough in fits, and Jack quickly realizes the creature is laughing. It releases the small girl, but she does not run. Limping forward, eyes distant, she trips and begins to fall. Jack moves to catch her. At the same moment, the army of villains charges him. With the force of will, he commands time to slow. The little girl freezes, mid-fall. He focuses on her small frame, and with supreme delicacy, he wraps his arms around her suspended form. As he touches her, she begins moving at a regular pace, while the wave of devils remains trapped in time’s grasp. Breaking her fall gently with his body, he holds her close. “It’s okay. I’ve got you.”
Trembling, sobbing in his arms, she barely whispers, “Help me, please,”
A perfect calm falls over Jack as energy explodes from his eyes. Since the glen, when he first came to Laer, he has not had a level of control over the power within. But now, with an army of ugliness bearing down, and Organon at his waist, he understands so much more about what he can do. The mere presence of the blade unlocks an innate understanding of where the power within him originates and how to manipulate it.
The powerful energy from his eyes burns and tears into Jack’s very soul, draining him of life force, but he does not care. He incinerates wave after wave of the nightmare horde with blinding light. Holding the little girl tight, he shields her from the discharge of energy. With a thought, the explosive power stops. Ash and cinder, the remains of the nearby enemy, hang in the air around him like gray snowflakes hovering in space. With the Denizen still captured in time, he walks back to the Fort, carrying the child in his arms. Moving inside the protection of the walls, he places her on the ground. His defensive mindset ebbs just a fraction, and time begins to move at an average pace again.
The power within Jack reaches out from deep within. All along the Fort walls, the crystalline wards begin to glow with an inner light. The ceremonial weapons carried by the soldiers come to life, blue and golden archaic symbols blazing to life across their surfaces.
Jack rushes up the rampart to look out over the killing fields. The sound of the charging enemy is a distant building roar. But he does not turn from it, nor do the people of the Fort or his companions. All non-disabled persons come towards the walls of the Fort and climb the rampart steps.
The Denizen numbers shake the very ground with their charge. Struck by this moment, Jack has come so far and transformed into something more than a man. Looking down from the rampart, he sees the girl he saved amongst some terrified refugees and his heart goes out to them. Since losing Lynn, he has struggled with his desires and the needs of those around him. So many have died to get him to this point. He could not have made it this far without their sacrifice. An epiphany strikes him: I’m fighting to get to Lily and to make sure my friends are safe. But these people deserve no less and are surrounded by Denizen. I can fight, and I can win, because I need to.
Reaching down, he grasps Organon's hilt. Hand touching the pommel, he feels the blade respond to him. It is so much more than a mighty weapon, connecting him to all those around him. Like the first time in the glen, he can see brilliant inner light coming from all the people of the Fort, each one unique and beautiful to behold. Looking at the coming tidal wave of demons, he sees empty blackness and ugliness within them. Unsheathing Organon, he holds it high above his head. The blade glows with an uncountable number of golden engrams and equations defining the entirety of the universe. The ancient device ignites a column of radiance, rising skyward in a towering crescendo of brilliance, and rallying all within the sanctuary of the outpost to war.
The battle is staggering and rages into the night. The long-dormant sigils inscribed within the walls of the Fort glow blindingly, throwing out arcs of deadly light wherever any Denizen come too close. The defenses, the weapons, and Jack’s presence help the defenders, but the sheer numbers surrounding the Fort nearly overwhelm them several times. The worst comes when a clutch of flying horrors, with pointed razor-sharp beaks, faces without eyes, massive angular ears like a bat, and mouths full of teeth swoop down and carry a dozen soldiers off into the night. Elsewhere, an enormous brute of a Denizen rams the main gate with its girth. Even with the wall defenses flaying the flesh from its body, and the hundreds of arrows poured down into it from the defenders, it still manages to crack and break apart some of the massive timbers of the walls. Through the cracks, small scuttling terrors dart in, diving into flesh and seeking out the pitch-black corners of the Fort. Search parties hunt for the little monsters throughout the night, only killing the last of them as the dawn breaks. Ash from incinerated Denizen floats down through the smoke-filled sky, choking the Fort’s occupants with its foulness and coating every surface.
If not for Mandrigal’s ability to command, the Fort would have been lost. Jack was a force of nature to be reckoned with, but he could not be everywhere at once. Mandrigal was able to rally not only the Fort troops but also the refugees. He responded methodically, calling out orders and shoring up defenses throughout the night. The Fort held and the humans won the day, but many lives were lost.
Precien put forth a valiant effort both during the battle and after. Her siren’s song could be heard throughout the night, casting protective shields where the fighting was thickest. After the battle, she did not sleep. Instead, she chose to wander amongst the wounded, singing her healing song. In the morning, she could no longer stand and collapsed from exhaustion. Even with her help during the battle, many of the Fort’s occupants still whispered and cast angry gazes. Mandrigal, honor-bound to protect her, pushed through his fatigue and carried her to a safe resting place. He did not sleep and stood guard over her as she rested.
Presently, Jack has fallen asleep near the main wall. At dawn, he wakes, shaking his head, and wearily gets to his feet. The little girl he saved from the Denizen horde sleeps nearby. Smiling, he picks her up gently. He feels the frailty of her body even as his inner strength continues to transform into something unbreakable. She fits in her sleep for a moment. Eyes barely opening and focusing on him, she whispers, “Thank you,” before falling back to sleep. He finds a family to look after her and then locates a proper place to get some rest.
Jack arises in the midday sun to find refugees from the frontier arriving through the burning fields and slaughtered remnants of the Denizen army. The rumor of his providence spreading while deep inside the Fort bunkers, war-makers (the Laer equivalent of generals) rejoice at the savior’s return. But more than a few whisper and conspire. They have gained much power in the king’s absence; if his son has returned, they collude to do what must be done to maintain their control. Message runners are dispatched to the Citadel to warn of Jack’s coming.
The people inside the Fort had been wary of Jack’s group, but after the night's battle, they are treated as revered guests and seen by most as holy warriors. As the stories of his accomplishments rage through the streets, people begin to hope. In the months and weeks before their arrival, the Denizen and Nauthling hordes terrorized the Fort routinely.
Word of the kings’ return rallies the people. During the daylight hours, repairs to the walls are made, inventory is taken, and volunteers step forward to assist at the Fort’s overflowing infirmary. Jack’s training as a medic is invaluable as he triages and stabilizes the wounded.
As the day wears on, it becomes apparent the damage done is too significant to repair entirely. There is little hope of holding off the Denizen and Nauthling hordes when they return. The Fort would hold, but not indefinitely, so a decision is made. A small contingent of soldiers will remain to occupy the walls and hold off the next attack while the refugees make their escape. Blessedly, the monsters wait, deigning not to attack that night. They test the perimeter, searching out weaknesses. Their patience is unnerving as they gather their numbers. The distant sounds of the Denizen betray the immensity of their gathering.
After a tense night of waiting for an attack that never came, morning dawns. Jack, Precien, Nathaniel, and Mandrigal make ready. They will continue to the Citadel, taking as many of the wounded, women, and children as can make the journey with them.
Jack stands along the northernmost watchtower, looking westward out at the Trail of Tears. It is early morning, and the sun is barely beginning to illuminate the night sky. The sandy trail winds a path out past the horizon into low foothills. Hundreds of families packed tight, their few remaining belongings strapped to their backs, wait at the Fort’s western gates. Those too injured to walk on their own are placed in wagons, pulled by massive horned beasts the locals call Roydens. Like a cross between a rhinoceros and overly large oxen, the creatures are in short supply. Denizen and Nauthlings decimated the livestock months ago. A long time ago there were animals on Laer similar to horses, but they had gone extinct once the Denizen came. Even after the king returned balance to the planet, some things remained absent in the ecology.
The Fort guards who have volunteered to stay behind and slow the Denizen’s next attack have asked Jack for a boon. They wait patiently for his response.
“I don’t…” Jack begins to answer.
“Please lord,” The guard speaking for the others gets down on his knees and bows his head. It is the same guard with the red shoulder pauldron from earlier. His white armor is now stained grey with the soot of slain Denizen. The others with him kneel and ask Jack to protect their families.
In the face of their supplication, he thinks of Lily. “I’m sorry I can’t save this place. I need to get to the Citadel, and I’ll do my best to keep everyone safe.”
“My wife will be going with you. Please take care of her,” the guard commander begs.
Jack has no idea if he can keep the man’s wife safe. He has not been able to keep his entire group protected while traveling — Lynn, all the soldiers, and even the mad jester all lost. The count is rising, and he knows there will be more death before they reach the Citadel. The watching soldiers wait for a response. Their collective fear and need for hope are etched across their faces. Jack’s hesitation and sense of doubt vanish as a realization comes to him. If Lily were here, she would protect these people. Her heart was courageous and strong, without fear. All those years ago, under the high school bleachers, in a small work shed, she had shielded him with her body from an unspeakable monster. And she had not hesitated.
“I’ll look after your wife…’ pausing to scan the assembled crowd, ‘…and do all within my power to keep them safe.” Jack’s voice holds surety of purpose. He looks out across the watching faces, “We’ll take as many as can make the trip. The Denizen will harry us the entire way to the Citadel.” Taking in all those present, he sees conviction slowly replacing their desperation.
The man nods his thanks solemnly, face holding the final determination of someone facing their death. Seeing the resignation in his face, Jack asks a question while holding out a hand. “What’s your name?”
The man looks taken aback, then grasps Jack’s hand in his own, “I am called Tiberius.” Nodding to a nearby woman and a young boy, they come closer to stand before Jack, “My wife, Mariana, and my son, Leander.” Tiberius wraps an arm around the boy and kisses his wife. Before leaving to attend them, he turns back to Jack. “Thank you, my king.”
As Laer’s sun rises higher into the sky, Jack, Precien, Nathaniel, and Mandrigal lead from the rear of a massive column of refugees. It hurries along the Trail of Tears towards the Citadel, while Fort guards protect from the sides and front of the caravan.
No one has seen Drake or Draziel since before Lake Tratone. Draziel has plans that are now moving swiftly, and Drake is off in the wild woods somewhere, searching.
The Citadel
While the Second Great Wall is comprised of forest, leaves, and dirt, the First Great Wall is made of metal, stone, and mortar. And beyond the First Great Wall is the Citadel, a glorious wonder in its perfection. Almost four kilometers in diameter, rising nearly four thousand meters at its highest point. Shaped into the form of a square pyramid, the Citadel’s gleaming walls are made of metal specially mined from one of Laer’s twin moons. When the sun sets and twilight begins, a wondrous display passes across its surface. It is a symphony of colors and light reflecting out onto the kilometers of Citadel sprawl surrounding its walls. Built at the base of Mount Kaern, its ominous presence is a looming reminder of darker times.
The interior of the Citadel has three levels. The lowest level houses the Citadel guards and their families, the food stores, the underground water cistern, and the armory. Inside the first level of the Citadel, streets are paved with a material not unlike polymer and steel. The buildings can withstand the elements and never need repair. They need no polishing or attention; it is a perfect construction material.
The second level of the Citadel rises high towards the clouds, where the air grows cold. A material like glass that glows luminescent at night makes up the streets and buildings. It houses the upper echelons of the government and the Magen Order of Knights. It also contains the main offices for the ten wealthiest heads of the merchant houses, the Citadel war makers and commanders’ stratagems, a vast library containing much of the knowledge on Laer, numerous galleries and gardens, and a grand amphitheater.
At the highest level, there is a sacred temple open to the sky above. The holy sanctuary contains a courtyard; at the epicenter is a structure shaped as a perfect sphere. The sphere is surrounded by a shrine built by the people, and it marks the highest point of the Citadel. Within lie the king’s remains, and it is here Jack must reach.
Presently, he and his group have arrived at the tail end of the refugees. They are hard-pressed moving forward through the sea of bodies. Since leaving the Fort, there have been numerous attacks on the rear of the refugee line. As they traveled down the Trail of Tears, they left hundreds of Denizens as ash behind them.
The First Wall is massive, nearly two hundred feet tall and twenty thick. Immense doors are thrown open to afford the people of Laer a refuge from the Denizen army approaching. Once inside the gates, the group continues moving through the Citadel’s outskirts, known as the sprawl. A congregation of people begins to follow them in the streets. Soon a massive crowd is marching through the city proper, towards the Citadel.
As they push onward, the crowd growing around them becomes unruly. Precien has been the most difficult of their party to get into the city. Nathaniel’s influence in the underworld of the sprawl has been instrumental. Many potentially violent exchanges are avoided simply by his presence. But not all of them. After a short while, the crowd screams in riotous contempt, braying for Precien’s head. Then someone throws a rock.
Jack sees the rock mid-flight. Along with the many other changes in him, he is better able to control himself. Without saying a word, focusing his mind, the rock slows to a crawl, then stops midair. He shakes his head in tired frustration. The world he left is ugly and full of hatred, and this new one is no different. Since meeting Precien, she has only helped to get him to where he needs to go. She never exuded madness or guilt like Draziel and Drake. Whenever there is fighting, she holds her own and works to protect the group.
Jack walks to the frozen rock; reaching up, he plucks it from the air. With another thought, the world around him begins to move at a normal pace. The crowd of city dwellers, who moments ago were screaming for blood, fall silent. To those nearby, Jack moved in a momentary flash of light and displacement of air, appearing in front of Precien and holding a rock someone threw. He looks at the crowd and then, squeezing the stone in his hand, the pressure causes it to burst with a crack and crumble into dust. Relaxing his grip, the shattered pieces of rock fall to the ground. He stares out at the crowd without saying a word. After this demonstration of power, they continue without incident.
After a short time, the streets become paved with cobblestones, and the buildings begin to grow in height. The city guard approaches, and with the help of Mandrigal, the group finally receives a moment’s rest and is seen by the Citadel medical staff.
Continuing forward, the paved streets transition into a pewter-colored metal, completely unblemished, as if dust cannot land on it. The avenues of alien alloy encircle the last one hundred meters around the Citadel. Designed throughout are statues, fountains, benches, and small parks. People dressed in strange grey garb, with bowed heads and quiet, soft dispositions walk solemnly. Some of the robed persons’ outfits are colored red instead of gray. The red-robed figures oversee the ministrations of those in gray.
Mandrigal, leading from the front, has come up short to stepping on the vast metal expanse encircling the Citadel proper. Jack passes but notices everyone has stopped. “What? Why’d you stop? Let’s go.”
Nathaniel speaks first, “We can’t, it’s forbidden.”
Jack looks, as he has so many times in the past few weeks, confused. “All right, help me with this one.”
Again, Nathaniel answers, “Only the monks of the Magen Order, who live at the Citadel and tend the inner keep, can wander here. Those deemed worthy may stride upon this sacred place, and any others who walk upon its surface are said to be damned.”
“The monks walk and wait for the Citadel to offer them insight into the nature of the universe. Those that devote their lives to this holy task may be granted a glimpse into the ancient knowledge of the king’s people. Sometimes it will come as they kneel and pray. Other times a small bird or leaf lands on the metal streets, roofs, or walls of the Citadel. Left behind are small footprints of information that glow and remain to be transcribed and studied.”
“The runes, equations, fractal geometries, and all the other alien symbols glimpsed by the monks diminish over time. Some take days or years, and others only minutes to fade. To see one is to see a part of the Maker’s divine plan. And so, the monks of the Magen Order spend their lives in quiet meditation patiently waiting to witness the patterns of creation and order. If they are fortunate, they will transcribe some of the information they see onto parchment. Each member of the Order carries a leather-bound journal at their side. Within each journal is the Luminatus. All the information recorded throughout the years is collected. It is then given to initiates of the Magen Order upon graduation from their induction. Each copy of the Luminatus is kept up to date by the handwritten inscription of any newly found information.”
Mandrigal speaks for the first time since nearing the Citadel. “This place is where the Magen Order Custodians execute citizens accused of heresy against your father and humankind.” His comment is concise, voice flat and far away. The air of malice in Mandrigal has been bleeding away since the caves at Lake Tratone, and now it is completely gone. He experienced an epiphany coming so close to his death at the hands of those crab-like creatures. Remembering that moment of perfect clarity, he sees his wife’s face—the same wife he watched executed. She was one of the monsters hiding in plain sight, and he had never known it. He returns to that memory now.

A Memory
“You are one of us, my beloved! Why do you think we are so happy together?” The thrashing succubus shouted and laughed in an ugly voice. Where once had been his loving wife now there was only a horned beast with leathery wings. The same voluptuous curves he had lusted for, now revealed grotesque in their true form.
Mandrigal’s mind was close to snapping when he witnessed her change. He had fallen to his knees with mouth open and wept as he watched the Denizen beast thrown onto the metal streets of the Citadel.
The beast that was Mandrigal’s wife roared when tossed onto the Citadel streets. The road, for the moment the Denizen was standing on it, became transparent. And then the monster grew still, and a look of calm fell across its face. It transformed rapidly back to its human form, and then slowly, majestically, it turned to light and ash. The information revealed by its passing blazed a deep red that extended downwards into the core of the planet. An immeasurable number of inscribed runes, equations, theorems, and laws of the universe were etched into the metal streets and walls of the Citadel. The writings were adding dimension and space to surfaces where it should not be.
Mandrigal watched from his knees, inches away from the luminous red street. He saw things beautiful and terrifying in the endless stream of knowledge that stretched to the edges of his perception. It scared him, and he decided to end his life. He reached down with his right hand. Hesitating only a moment, he placed the hand on the metal street. Skin touched cold metal, and he lived. He let out a breath, not understanding why he was spared. Raising the hand, he saw it left behind a perfect golden imprint etched in the metal street.
The Magen Order recorded Mandrigal’s handprint and was able to translate the symbols. It was the first and last message of its kind: a list of names and a map of the wildlands.
That was nearly six months ago now. The journey out had gone quickly until an attack left them with half their numbers and caused them to stumble upon Jack and Precien.
Those still alive, from the list of names, have returned from the wildlands with Jack. The leader of the red-robed monks moves to meet them. As he comes closer, he draws a short sword from the waist. Nathaniel draws his bow and notches an arrow, Precien lets out a low growl, and Mandrigal draws his sword. Jack lifts one hand, silently asking his guards to stand down.
The red robed monk walks closer to the edge of the metal street. He stops before Jack and thrusts the sword, lightning-fast, aiming for the heart. With a thought, Jack slows time to a stop. He reaches out, gripping the monk’s sword by the blade, and crushes it to dust. Time begins to move at an average pace again. No one saw him move, and all are startled by the brilliant millisecond of starlight and accompanying pop of air displacement.
The monk drops to his knees. “Forgive me,” the dry, raspy voice whispers as hundreds of other monks watching the exchange drop to their knees in unison.
Jack looks down at the kneeling man. “Take me to him,” he commands.
The older man rises to his feet, sweeping his robes around him as he quickly turns. Raising both hands in the air, sleeves fall back from upraised wrists revealing intricate tattoos covering both arms. He bows, flourishing his arms towards the Citadel’s cyclopean gateway.
Jack, pausing for only a moment, moves to step onto the metal ring surrounding the Citadel proper. Mandrigal appears in a rush, slightly startling him. “Precien?” he says, pointing to the waiting Denizen, concern for her wellbeing evident. Precien is too terrified to step onto the streets, visibly shaking and inching backward. Jack goes to her, offering a hand. She takes it hesitantly.
Escorting Precien, he steps onto the Citadel proper. His boot touching down, the strange metal surface begins to glow with a warm, golden light. As Precien treads onto the metal street, instead of being immolated, she stands side by side with Jack. Her footsteps begin to glow an ocean-colored blue. Letting go of his hand, she smiles and continues by his side.
Walking towards the massive gates, his tracks bring forth more golden light and translucent pathways. Sigils and equations form and grow downwards into infinity. They expand slowly from him, continuing outwards and upwards. Small tracers of light flow across the metal surface of the Citadel. The golden light of his path quickly accelerates to ignite the inscriptions on the walls and towers. Intricate patterns and impossible equations glow. The monks startle at this unexpected event. At first, they try to write everything down, but there is too much information. The color, so brightly lit from within, hurts the eyes to look upon for too long. The golden light disappears beneath and into the gate. As some component of the Citadel recognizes him, a subsonic rumble begins to push the air as the massive portals begin, painfully slowly, to open.
Nathaniel and Mandrigal, along with the rest of the soldiery, hesitate, but Jack looks back at them, smiling. “It’s okay, guys.” Chuckling, he walks onward, Precien at his side. The two lead warriors take tentative steps onto the metal. Beneath their feet, different colors of light are left behind in their footprints. Soon others from the crowd, fueled by religious fervor, step onto the metal Citadel streets. So many different colors of luminescence, each one full of liquid fractal geometries, explode from the hundreds of footfalls. Feelings of shock, awe, and reverence pour through the monks and the gathered crowd.
A random woman calls out, “The king has returned!”
The crowd takes up the chant, “The king has returned!”
Jack regards them for a moment, hesitant and wary of the responsibility they are placing on him. He feels conflicted between wanting to help these people and getting back to Lily as he continues forward.

The Son Returns
Entering the Citadel, the refugees and wards of the sprawl funnel into the massive first level, sheltering in place for the coming final battle as a gigantic Denizen army forms ranks outside the reach of the First Great Wall.
Jack follows a series of corridors upwards through the first two tiers of the magnificent structure. Presently, he comes to the temple surrounding the resting place of his father. “Drake,” he whispers, and in a burst of light, Drake appears at his side. Without saying a word, the giant Guardian follows Jack into the temple.
Inside are thirteen elders, dressed in hooded robes, sitting upon a raised circular central dais. Jack comes to stand before the temple elders, head looking upwards to meet their eyes.
“What is the traitor doing here?” the high elder asks, pointing an accusatory finger at Drake. The elite temple guards bring their polearm weapons to bear.
“The wretch should be in chains!” exclaims another elder, starting a murmur of approvals rippling through the council.
“I brought him,” Jack says.
The high elder sits back in his chair and chuckles. “And who is this boy?” he asks with snide derision.
Drake takes a step forward. “He is the king’s son, and you will respect him!”
“Chain this one,” the high elder says contemptuously. The temple guards move quickly and secure Drake in chains to the temple floor. He does not resist. Jack silently watches as these old bastards flex their power, wondering what they hope to accomplish by this display. Even now, they cling to what little control they have, oblivious to the mounting Denizen threat.
The council has been in place for years. At first, it had served nobly but, as in most things, humans are fundamentally flawed and easily corruptible. The council ruled and enforced laws that benefitted only them. Now a young man and one of the king’s so-called Guardians are attempting to supplant them.
Jack’s few years as an Edge City police officer made him keen at reading others. He sees right through the council’s posturing to the heart of the matter. These men care nothing about the people or the coming tsunami wave of Denizen and Nauthlings.
“Well, if you are the king’s son returned, then surely you can show us an example of your divine heritage.” The elder’s voice holds venomous amusement. He believes he has won the day and secured a place of power.
Jack forces his mind to still, and with perfect clarity, he steps towards the raised dais. The wrinkled features and coal-hard eyes of the council leader stare down with impudence.
A small smile creeps across Jack’s lips. “Release Drake … now,” he commands calmly. The elder is taken aback for a moment and then laughs uproariously. It is an ugly dry thing, accompanied by the pitiful sibilant laughter of the rest of the council. The young man stays silent, waiting for the right moment.
“Guards, put this one in chains!” The leader sputters between laughs, speckles of phlegm coughing from his wrinkled mouth. The temple guards pause for only a moment before moving to secure the young man.
Jack's lips part, whispering, “Draziel.”
In a booming flash of light, Draziel appears on the temple floor next to Jack in human form. His head snaps around quickly from side to side. Draziel’s clothes are ragged and torn. His feet are bare, and his body is covered in detritus from the forest. Seeing temple guards with their weapons leveled at Jack, he lets out a terrible roar and leaps through the air towards the threat. Time slows, and Jack places himself between Draziel and the soon-to-be-dead guard.
Jack has time to watch Draziel transform into its bestial self as it flies through the air. Black, hardened skin and fur bloom. Bones snap and reshape like water into a terrible maw of razor teeth topped with four glossy, black eyes. Time resumes, and Draziel sees who is in his path. The beast performs an acrobatic movement keeping it from colliding with Jack and preventing it from devouring the guards.
Draziel lands on its feet and crouches to pounce towards the council of elders. One overly eager guard makes his last mistake and tries to strike at the beast from behind. With casual indifference, the Denizen kicks out with its right hindquarters. Wicked talons and raw power turn the guard to bloody ruin. The violence over, the other guards back slowly away from the terrifying creature. Instinct taking over, Draziel readies to attack again.
“Draziel—stop!” Jack commands with a voice that rolls like thunder. No one in the temple chamber moves, or even dares to breathe.
“Free Drake from his chains and do not harm anyone,” he orders. Without hesitation, the beast obeys. It lopes over to its chained counterpart, and a taloned paw swipes out. Links of chain shatter, raining to the floor. Drake moves to Jack’s side, Draziel comes to heel opposite him.
Standing there with a giant and a walking nightmare, Jack radiates supernatural regal poise. The temple guards immediately recognize what and who he is, and fall in line. They drop to their collective knees and place their polearms on the ground in supplication. Drake kneels by Jack’s side, as Draziel makes what approximates kneeling obeisance.
Jack asks those around him to rise, then starts asking for answers: Where is his father? What does the prophecy say will happen next? Where must he go?
When the council of elders answers, they do so in whispering, circular riddles. They debate on the meaning of the prophecy and portents, stalling to hold on to their rapidly evaporating grasp on the situation. Time passes, and Jack’s compatriots are brought into the chamber. Food and drink are given around. Drake and the beast Draziel are never far from his side; they do not speak nor act unless he wills it.
After almost an hour of listening to the wizened old men politic and posture, Jack realizes these alleged holy men are little more than charlatans. The only question they have answered is the most obvious one. In a nearby sanctuary, his father lies in a suspended state between life and death.
“So, what do we do about the army of monsters outside?” he asks, direct and to the point.
While they have been deliberating, a gargantuan Denizen and Nauthling army have gathered around the Citadel just outside of the First Wall’s defensive zone.
The elders are silent. They feel anger at perceived disrespect. Beneath that is a sense of fear as they realize Jack has seen right through them. “We will not be spoken to in such a manner!” the high elder answers, finding his voice again, as the rest of the council nods sycophantically.
Shaking his head in disgust, Jack turns to Nathaniel and Precien, sitting at a nearby table, eating quietly. “Make sure all those that can fight are armed and keep the rest safe.” They gulp down the last of their meal, nodding their understanding.
Taking the lead, Precien begins speaking rapidly to the Citadel guards, while Nathaniel searches out the armory to take inventory. As quickly as possible, all those able to hold a weapon are armed from the large depots. Those unable to fight are locked behind the heavily armored doors of emergency bunkers.
Hearing of the progress of the defenders, one of the elders begins in protest, “You can’t, the holy catacombs are meant to be a shelter for the enlightened in case of emergency…”
“Enlightened?” Jack barks a bitter laugh, “If any of you are enlightened, then you know those people outside need our help, and we are going to save as many of them as we can.” He turns away from the council of elders, having addressed them for the last time.
“Mandrigal,” Jack says, getting the other man’s attention. The former captain of the guard watches with a distant look on his face as he ponders past mistakes. He thinks of his wife, wondering whether, having loved a monster and not even known it, he is damned.
The sound of the younger man’s voice brings him back to the now. “Yes, my king,” he replies without hesitation. Having seen so much, he knows the purpose of his life is to follow Jack to whatever end.
“I’ve told you before; my name is Jack,” he says with a smile, “and I need you with me.” The two men walk out of the temple towards the resting place of the king. Precien and Nathaniel continue working on getting the people from the city into the defensible Citadel catacombs.

The Father
At the top of the Citadel rests a perfect sphere, fifty meters in diameter, and made of something reminiscent of white sandstone. Surrounding it are thousands of offerings. Flowers, precious stones, prayer papers, paintings, and everything beautiful surround the holy place. The entire structure is one solid piece, except for a circular outline at ground level, which is believed to represent a pathway to the king.
With each step forward, a deep, resonating presence calls to Jack from the sphere. A pure harmonic the Citadel holy men call the Andalage, which most closely translates to “voice of the universe,” emanates from the area just at the fringes of sound.
Presently, Mandrigal stands alone with Jack before the structure. “Why did you ask me to come with you?”
“I’m not sure why, but I have a feeling it can only be you. I need you to stand guard over this place,”
Mandrigal understands what is being asked of him. The non-combatant citizens from sprawl are rushing into bunkers and catacombs inside the Citadel’s wall. Hopefully, they will be safe when the Denizen finally make it into the city proper and past the other soldiers. Their numbers are too great, and there will be no defeating them. Even at this highest point in the massive structure, the clamor and shouts of an epic battle can be heard.
Mandrigal cannot find the words. Instead, he offers a hand.
Jack takes the other man’s hand, shaking it firmly, then turns and moves reverently past the thousands of offerings that make up the shrine. Soon, he finds himself next to the smooth, curved surface of his father’s resting place. The Andalage changes, to a deep subsonic thrumming pulsing in tune with his heartbeat. Reaching out a cautious hand, he touches its cold surface. Where the hand contacts the holy object, golden light spreads outwards. Fractal growths of light and substance fly across its exterior. The vibration in the air grows to a physical intensity like an exponentially expanding explosion. A force inside the sphere erupts outward in a bow wave of energy catching Jack within it.

Tenacity
With a displacement of time and space, Jack finds himself in a stone chamber sitting on a wooden bench. A nearby arch window allows warm sunlight to play against his skin. Standing, he moves to the window’s ledge. He finds himself within a towering, cylindrical lighthouse in the middle of some vast ocean with no land in sight. Several hundred meters below the vantage point, an alien ocean crashes against the tower, the sound like a gentle overture.
Hearing a noise from behind, Jack turns his head and sees a creature with a silver body glowing with an inner luminescence. The figure is covered with the most beautiful and most terrible symbols he has ever seen. Each one is like a glowing menagerie of color and depth. It is approximately human—two legs, two arms, a torso, neck, and head—however, where it differs the most is in height and overall proportions. Easily twice Jack’s height, and three times as broad, its body has a boxy concave chest tapering to the waist with two spindly multi-jointed arms and legs. The neck is thin and long, supporting a head just as strangely shaped; rectangular and bent at a backward angle. It has no ears, no lips, and no nose. The only facial features are two evenly spaced, perfectly rectangular shaped eyes, shining with a golden light.
The figure sits near the next arched window set into the wall of the tower, some twenty meters away following the natural curve of the structure. It reads from an ancient, leather-bound book chained to its waist. The parchment is thick and organic.
As Jack approaches, he notices it does not have a mouth. “Excuse me,” he says, announcing his presence. The tall figure does not pause from its reading to acknowledge him. Walking closer, he tries to steal a glance at the book. On the page are brilliantly colored illuminations of a bird resting on a wooden ledge surrounded by beautiful hieroglyphs that glow bronze.
“A third of your life, you sleep,” says an unfamiliar voice resonating deep within Jack’s body.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know what you…” Jack starts to say, confusion apparent across his features.
“You spend one of every three moments in your short life asleep,” the figure repeats in a deep, resonating timbre. The voice comes from a series of complex bone structures running the length of the being’s whole body. When it speaks, it vibrates the air around itself to create sound.
Jack shakes his head. “What the hell are you talking about? Who are you?”
The being does not respond. It just keeps reading.
He reaches out a hand in frustration and touches the edge of the book’s ancient, leathery cover, causing the creature to look down at him. He sees its eyes for the first time. They glow a brilliant gold and are so very ancient.
“Does everyone dream?” the figure asks with a voice deep yet gentle, like tectonic plates shifting in a whisper. “What do you dream of Jack?”
The young man tries to understand but is unable to answer. He shakes his head in confusion for a moment, and then realization comes. “I dream of Lily, always Lily,” he explains, his voice betraying an immeasurable sorrow.
“And what else?” the figure pushes further.
Jack thinks back to the time spent on the way to the Citadel. “I dream of red sand and black rocks.” His voice distant, as he begins to remember other things. “I remember a place with so many machines and impossibly tall shelves housing so many strange things that went on forever.” With a realization, he recalls he has been looking for someone. “Are you the king?”
The figure’s golden eyes regard him for a moment. “No. I am a presence in this place that keeps your father safe. He waits for you.” The silvery figure gestures to the far wall, and a doorway materializes there. As Jack steps closer, the portal opens into a void full of nothing. The silvery figure stands and moves towards it. “I serve your father.”
Jack struggles to understand what is happening. “I’ve been told he’s dead but that somehow he is waiting to meet me.” His eyes never leave the darkness of the entrance’s mouth. “Where does this go?” he asks. “Why is this happening now?”
“Because you need to make a choice,” replies the silvery figure.
“What do I have to choose?”
“Whether this world dies or yours does.”
Fear and indecision plague Jack, making him hesitate. Inhaling deeply, having come so far, he must go on. He steps through the doorway into a never-ending blackness. The portal seals behind him, and total sensory deprivation assaults him. Anxiety rising, he begins to hyperventilate. Drowning in the pure atramentous darkness, he teeters on the edge of non-existence. Jack fights back against the feeling of nothingness growing inside of him, but it is too late; he becomes one with nothing. He drifts alone in the same limbo he felt during childhood. He hid in the shadows that existed unseen to the rest of the world. Those tendrils of nihility grew into him and took root. Then she came, giving him something more than what he had called life. She made Jack feel safe and loved. Letting go of existential terror, he falls further inward. Landing in memory, he finds himself back in the alley, embracing Lily before the police arrived.
As he cradles her face, tears stream down his fingers, mingling with the rain and blood. Lily’s eyes are so scared.
“It’s all right. It’s okay. The medics are coming, and you’re going to be fine.” Jack’s voice comes in a pressured rush. Heart racing, panic and tunnel vision are upon him. He holds Lily gently against his body, trying to comfort her, wanting to keep her safe until help comes. He applies precise pressure to her wounds, attempting to stop the bleeding.
Lily’s breath comes in shallow gasps, and her eyes close. He thinks of the only thing he can do and speaks gently. “I was alone in the dark before I found you. I didn’t know anything, and without you, I’m going to be lost again.”
Jack’s voice is pleading, and he prays she can hear him. “You’re the sun and the moon, and you’re the ground beneath me and the air in my lungs. Oh God, you’re so wonderful and so beautiful. And I feel safe with you when we are close. You make everything else real for me, and…” he pauses as her body convulses, “You can do this. Just hold on, please, I love you!”
Lily’s eyes squeeze tighter shut. Tears fall from her cheeks as the rain starts again. She cries and sobs as pain wracks her body. Gulping down a breath, she pushes her head into his chest, hands gripping him for support.
Suddenly, Jack is back in the darkness of the nothing. Tears are flowing freely at having relived the memory. He stands in the black void for a long while and then continues moving onward in an unknown direction.
He cannot tell how much time has passed. Walking with no direction, he finds the rough sides of a wall. The wall appears endless, but then the barest flicker of light appears in the distance. Moving quickly, he soon finds tracers of light outlining the symmetrical lines of a perfectly square tunnel. After seeing the first few glimpses of radiance, the walls quickly become alive with numbers, symbols, and other sights that Jack cannot begin to describe. The patterns glow and pulse in time with his heart.
What am I seeing? he thinks to himself. In response, the luminosity glows warmly, and he feels a tremendous spiritual peace well up inside of him.
“Jack,” his father’s voice intones, filling the space. The young man listens, still stepping slowly forward. The tunnel’s sights —the symbols, numbers, and moving shapes—start to move backward. With each footfall, there is the sensation of increasing momentum; that when he takes a single, slow step, he is traveling immeasurable distance.
“What am I seeing?” Jack asks as tears of joy fall down his cheeks.
“You see yourself. The walls around you contain the pinnacle of my race’s research, the foundation for the Lazarus Engine, and the holy order I used to serve. You are seeing the universal formula for creation.” His father’s voice answers.
Jack looks down and sees so many symbols and numbers of gleaming sparks making up his own body. He laughs at himself and cries out as his simple mind begins to grasp what he is being told.
“Even if we had the whole of time and space, we could not see the whole thing. It is endless, and it is everything and nothing. It creates, and it destroys. What you are seeing is only a glimpse of what awaits you.” His father’s voice holds pride and an undercurrent of fear that only a parent can know.
“Show me?” the young man asks. Obliging the request, the power in this place imbues itself to him. Jack blinks and finds himself walking on the surface of a star. Shifting focus again, he stands at the beginning of creation, witnessing the big bang. He beholds worlds long turned to dust and planets still yet to be born. He travels the cosmos, seeing events and species too innumerable to imagine and witnessing it all, glimpses his significance in the grand picture of the universe. He sees the end of all things, and then it all starts again in some beautiful, terrible, wondrous dance of symmetry, balance, and meaning. Within it all, this moment is a turning point, a meeting of powers beyond comprehension. He can see many pathways to take, their possible outcomes all clouded with uncertainty. Only one choice stands out amongst the sea of possibility, one where he can protect those he loves and those still terrorized by the Denizen threat. The outcome of the choice is uncertain, but in his soul, he understands the cost to balance the cosmic scales.
“I’ll go back,” Jack shouts to the cosmos, “I will save Lily and my child. And I will carry on my father’s mission!”
“Then go to the mountain and seek out my oracle. He will guide you to the next part of your journey.” His father’s voice intones.
The power recedes, and with a thought, Jack is back in the real world, standing outside the sphere at the center of the Citadel. The time which passed was instantaneous, as though he never left.
He takes his hand from the surface of the sphere, as time continues to pass glacially slowly. The energy sustaining the king in a lucid suspended animation provides an opportunity. The king decides to finally end his life by allowing the remaining power in the sphere to discharge in a massive exodus. It is a sacrifice to protect the people of Laer and help Jack get home. The king’s only regret as the sphere powers down: he cannot tell his son the whole truth of what is to come.
When the oracle prophesied Jack’s birth, the king had worked tirelessly with the strange silvery figure in the tower to prepare. The planning, building, doing the math on all the power requirements, etc. took years, and even then, it was a flawed plan. The king hoped Jack would return someday to Laer, and planned accordingly. Sacrifices were made; the outer regions, the Second Great Wall, all left to disrepair intentionally, hoping to drive the Denizen into a frenzy of reckless abandon. The king strategized that if Jack returned, the remaining Denizen hordes on Laer would set upon tracking him down and killing him. The most defensible position, if Jack could reach it, was the Citadel. It was a brilliant strategy and worked almost perfectly. The assembled Denizen, hell-bent on killing him, were now lured precisely where the king wanted them. The Denizen army pouring into the Citadel turned to ash following the cataclysmic wave of light and energy discharged from the sphere. Even though no one could know it, all told, the vast majority of Denizen on Laer are wiped out in a handful of moments. For years the Denizen had stayed away from the First Great Wall and the Citadel. But, in their animalistic urge to slaughter the king’s son, they were brought to their doom. The energy released also recharged the sigils along with the First and Second Great Wall perimeter defensive measures. The charged defenses would last for many years.
And so, the king finally dies, the last of his life force spent giving Laer back to the people.
Jack turns to see a bow wave of expended energy from the sphere pass harmlessly over Mandrigal. Startled for a moment, the soldier stares in wonder. The sound of braying hordes of Denizen fades to a hollow echo, never to return, and a serene silence fills the air.
Jack and Mandrigal find Nathaniel atop the main gates of the First Great Wall with Precien.
Seeing Jack walking up, Nathaniel nods at Mandrigal. “What happened? We were moments from being overrun, and then there was a light?”
Mandrigal shakes his head, confusion showing. “I know not…” looking to Jack, “…he touched his hand to the outside of the king’s resting place, and then there was an explosion.”
“And what about Precien?” Nathaniel asks, “How is she left unscathed, while so many of the Denizen are dust and ash?”
Drake and Draziel, in his bestial state, find their way to Jack, coming up the stone and metal ramparts to join him. Looking to them, Jack nods, “My father did something I can’t explain. But both Great Walls wards have been charged and should last for a long time. I’m not sure how, but I know Precien and Draziel were spared. He told me that Precien, because of her courage and dedication, was given a boon as a reward. Draziel lives, because to die would be too simple a fate. He will continue, eternally trapped in his bestial visage.”
Both Mandrigal and Nathaniel nod at this explanation. Drake’s eyes look distant, and no one can read what Draziel is feeling, but the beasts’ posture has taken on a sullen pose.
“Did your father tell you anything else?” Precien asks.
Jack nods, “I have to speak with my father’s oracle.” Craning his head around he looks to the summit of the oppressive mountain cradling the Citadel, “and I know where we have to go to find him.”

The Mountain and the Iron Smith
As Jack and the others travel up the summit of Mount Kaern in search of the king’s oracle, they come upon an overhang cut into the rock and beneath it an immense open space. Both Drake and Draziel mean to go with the young man, but he waves them off, bidding them stay outside.
The space beneath the overhang is roughly twenty meters tall and a hundred meters wide and four times as long tapering back into the mountain proper. Inside are tables, metal works, sharpening stones, anvils, and all sorts of other instruments spread around a spacious workroom. Suits of armor, weapons, fantastical looking firearms, and metal gear line the walls in racks. On the few spaces of bare rock are a limitless number of mathematical equations and numerologies. Black billowing smoke pours out of holes cut in the mountain further up the sheer slope, chimneys to the massive workshop within the peak. The black soot has stained the hills above for hundreds of meters.
At the center of the workshop stands a significant figure. A glowing furnace at the rear of the shop silhouettes him. The figure’s head is bald, eyes white with cataracts, with smooth, black skin seemingly carved of stone. He wears a heavy leather apron and leather breeches. With arms like tree trunks made of corded muscle, his right hand holds a massive hammer. In his left, he holds a new halberd taking shape in the glowing embers of the forge. The heat is intense, and Jack instantly starts pouring sweat. The sound of steady hammer falls on metal fills the hot air.
As Jack steps closer, he can see the Smith’s body is living stone. From the Smith’s backbone, stone growths grow around immense chains running on tracks in the ceiling of the forge, tying him physically to the mountain.
The Smith stops hammering. The last ring of the anvil hangs in the air like a keening wail for several heartbeats. The massive being turns slowly to face Jack. In the glow of the forge’s fire, his milky blind eyes appear alight. He steps away from the forge with steady slowness, moving across the workshop like a living mountain passing through the eons. He comes to rest before the young man and slowly raises a giant hand. Jack does not hesitate or flinch. He lets the blacksmith’s finger gently touch his face.
The Smith does not speak a word. He lowers the hand and stands in perfect stillness.
“I’m looking for the oracle.”
“And you have found him,” the Smith answers softly, voice deep in timbre.
“Your face reminds me of someone I met years ago,” Jack comments.
The Smith lets a small smile part his lips. “Imagine that.”
“You know why I am here?” Jack asks. 
“To find answers to your questions.” the Smith’s voice is respectful, yet holds an edge of macabre amusement. 
“Answers would be nice for a change.”
The Smith smiles broadly, “Then let me enlighten you, Jack. Did you bring Organon?”
Nodding, the young man unties the weapon from his belt and holds it out neatly. Ancient fingers reach out and grasp the hilt. “Thank you,” the Smith says with a slight nod. The chains attached to him clink as he lumbers over to the forge and unsheathes Organon.
“What are you doing?” Jack asks, concern apparent in his voice.
“I am fixing something broken,” the Smith says, setting the sword’s sheath down on a nearby bench. Holding the blade in one hand, he reaches up and pulls the chains controlling the bellows. With a mighty tug, the forge fuels with oxygen, and the red embers glow brilliantly. Jack looks on for a few moments, but the embers are too bright to watch for long. The Smith plunges the sword into the heat of the forge with expert hands. He reaches up and stokes the bellows several more times. The temperature in the surrounding air is unbearable, and Jack feels like his skin is about to ignite, but it does not seem to bother the Smith.
“What do you know of Draziel?” asks the Smith as he works.
“He killed Lily, and the sick bastard thinks he loves me, why?” Jack’s words hang in the air for the longest time. The heat from the furnace is nothing compared to the fiery light burning in his eyes. But the power does not leave Jack’s body. Instead, he calms himself by force of will.
The Smith does not react. The strange creature only continues to work at heating the metal.
Seconds turn into minutes, and Jack feels anxiety over the quiet and speaks. “He’s a monster,” he says softly. He hates the beast, his lifelong tormentor, but somewhere at the back of his mind, the tiniest of doubts worry at him. Concentrating for a moment, he remembers what Draziel told him on the Trail of Tears.
“I saw him in the wild, and he said he was doing this for me. But that doesn’t make sense.”
“What did Draziel say to you, exactly?” the Smith asks, not deigning to look up from his work.
Jack tries to remember the words spoken. “He told me he is doing this to set me free,” he shakes his head, “but that has to be a lie, right?”
The Smith has some answers, but not all. “No, Jack, he thinks he is protecting you. In his twisted way, he believes he loves you.”
The Smith takes the sword from the raging forge. He holds it reverently, inspecting the metal etchings on the blade and hilt with eyes like grey storm clouds. The stormy orbs swirl, as small arcs of lightning pass through them. The Smith has waited so long and knows the few words he can offer will have a grave impact on things to come.
Jack laughs incredulously. “He loves me?” Between a place of ironic humor and depthless rage, his hatred for Draziel smolders.
The Smith stops his ministrations for the briefest of moments to turn and regard him with pity. “He loves you, and he wants you to become him; it’s why he pushes you to your limits. In his way, he came to believe that by stealing you away, you would become hardened and better able to succeed.”
The Smith finishes talking and turns Organon deftly over, swinging it in a series of complex arcs. He pauses and continues to inspect the sword. The blade looks like a child’s plaything in his massive stone hand.
Jack stands wholly stunned, not knowing what to say.
The Smith continues, “So, he thought he was doing right by you, Jack.”
The young man laughs incredulously, shaking his head, mind unable to understand. “You can see the future, right?”
The Smith does not look at him. Instead, he takes the sword over to the central workbench. The chains shackling him to the forge walls move with him, clinking and clanking. He secures the hilt of the weapon in a large vice attached to the workbench, then leans down to look for something beneath it. “Draziel believes he is doing the right thing because without him you would not be standing here right now, would you?” he asks, without turning around from his rummaging.
Jack hesitates. “What do you mean?”
The Smith finds what he is looking for under the bench. In his large hands, there is a small wooden box. Opening it, he takes out a delicate instrument designed for a particular purpose. Double-checking that Organon is secure in the vice, he begins etching small markings on the hilt and naked blade. He uses the device for a time, before answering Jack’s question. “If Draziel had not taken you as a child, you would not be here.”
“He killed Lily! He killed my father!” Jack screams, mind racing to follow the line of logic laid before him.
“Neither of those statements are true, boy. Your father, the king, you met several hours ago. And you are here talking to me now because you believe Lily is still alive, even though you can’t know for sure.”
Jack stands silently dumbfounded for a moment, then the Smith continues. “Draziel, the Kraken oracle, and I are all part of a nearly extinct clan of the Denizen. We can see the many possible futures. But we can only see them, not comprehend the complex patterns guiding them.”
The Smith finally looks up, staring and patiently waiting for the young man to understand. “So, if he and I can see different futures then…”
Jack catches on to an argument that makes sense, “Draziel can see everything before it happens. So, he saw me here, and then what?” He says with bitterness, patience drawing thin. “This man—no, this thing tormented me my whole life. And if he knew I would be standing here now, then that means . . . I’ve been lied to and manipulated by my father, the great and powerful king!” he says sarcastically.
The Smith hears the implied slight, and responds with sternness, “Careful how you speak. Your father is the guardian of infinite wisdom and nameless power. You are his forbidden progeny. He and your mother gave all to bring you into this world.”
Jack’s ire ebbs as the Smith’s words sink in. “Forbidden, why?”
The Smith does not answer the question, instead choosing to focus on the work at hand. He takes the sword out of the vice and walks it back to the forge. Plunging Organon unceremoniously into the glowing forge, he lets it rest there for a long time. Minutes pass until at last, he pulls it from the heat. Jack watches the master craftsman expertly applying the force of the hammer over the still glowing sword. He has been waiting longer than he can remember to complete this task, and once finished, he will be free.
Jack takes a seat on a nearby bench, his patience waning. “What do I have to do to save Lily?”
“You must make a leap of faith.”
“I’m on another planet. I just met a father who was ‘dead.’ I have seen and done impossible things. I’ll do anything to get back to her,” he says with conviction.
The venerable being places the ancient hammer back into its leather belt and studies the glowing embers for a long time. He has completed the etchings on the sword, pounded out the imperfections, and now needs the heat of the forge at the perfect temperature before going further. “I never said Lily was dead, nor did I say she yet lived.” The Smith’s voice holds trepidation and fear of the coming end.
Jack stands up sharply. “What?”
The Smith knows this will be difficult to explain. His stony face grimaces as he turns his storm-filled eyes towards the young man. “If I explain, understand, you still have to make a choice and live with that choice.”
“This is all about making a choice?” Jack asks, heart beginning to race.
“Choice is everything. Which thread of a tapestry makes it whole? Even if you thought to know all the possible paths before you, your destination would forever be elusive.” The Smith’s stormy eyes swirl and glow.
Jack watches as the sword is pushed deeper into the embers of the forge, not knowing how to answer the question. “What do I have to do to help her?” he asks, voice holding no anger, only a pleading hope.
The Smith smiles at the question. “That is the great question plaguing the one you know as Draziel.”
“Draziel? I don’t understand what he has to do with getting back to Lily.”
“Draziel can never find the answer to the question that plagues him.”
Jack does not understand. “Why can’t he just leave me alone?”
The Smith’s smile is full of immense sorrow and ironic regret. “He was lost to the Black Promise for a long time.” Pausing, he looks out past the forge and remembers a time long forgotten.
“I still don’t understand what the Black Promise is,” Jack comments.
The Smith removes Organon from the forge and places the glowing metal into a cooling trough. Water turns to steam as the blade rapidly cools. He turns, walking to Jack, getting within inches of his face.
The old Denizen never breaks eye contact as Jack stares back at him. “Not all questions can be answered. Go and save your Lily. But understand it will come at a price, the same as any other choice. But, before you go, I need you to do something for me.” He shrugs off his work belt and lets it fall to the ground. “I need you to strike me free of these bonds.”
Jack looks to the chains coming out of the Smith’s shoulders. “I’m not sure if I know how.”
The Smith smiles peacefully. “I know Jack. I know.” He returns to the cooling trough and the nearly completed sword. Removing it from the water, he takes a cleaning rag from his belt. Handling Organon reverently, he brings it to Jack. The Smith’s purpose is to be a sacrifice. His life force will finish the work and restore the sword, thus allowing access to the Lazarus Engine. The Smith swings the sword around in a mighty arc over his head. With a resounding clang of metal, he breaks his chains. The shattered pieces fall to the ground as the Smith lets out a sigh, collapsing to his knees.
Jack startles, arresting the giant being’s fall with ease, and lowers him to the floor. “What’s wrong?” he asks with genuine concern in his voice.
The entire mountain begins to rumble gently. Tools and metal objects shake and shift, then fall off shelves in a clamor of noise and sound. The daylight from the opening of the forge wanes and then goes out. It has gone from mid-day to full night in moments. The mountain rumbles again, this time more violently.
Panic starts to fill the young man. “What’s happening?”
The Smith, life force leaving him, answers, “Take Organon, use the path to get to the summit of the mountain quickly,” his voice trembles as his life wavers like a candle flame about to go out. “The sword is the key.”
“The key to what?”
The Smith’s last words provide a final answer. “The key to activating the Lazarus Engine. Farewell, and may the light guide you.”
Jack reaches out and grips the hilt of the finished sword. He does not understand what is happening. When Organon touches his hand, the deep etchings built into the metal of the blade pulse and glow. He takes it gently from the now still body of the Smith. The creature’s chains broken, and its bond to this universe severed, it is now free. When the Denizen took its last breath, the forge began to falter. The fires die down quickly, brilliant embers turning rapidly to smoldering black ash. The Smith’s body, lying on the ground, looks like a statue in somber repose.
Jack cannot understand the workings of the plan unfolding around him, but he does understand sacrifice, “Thank you,” he says respectfully before turning to leave.
Outside, Drake sits near a small fire watching Draziel. They both see Jack approaching and rise. “What happened?” they ask in unison, Drake with his human voice and Draziel with a bestial rumble.
Organon, now sheathed, begins to glow brightly. The stars overhead move faster in the sky, and the night becomes the morn too quickly. They are all standing in the morning light when the next earthquake hits. This one knocks several of the Citadel guards off their feet.
Precien swoons dizzily. “The tides are wrong, Jack, the great waters are shifting too quickly.”
Jack looks at the sheathed sword; as the light from it dims the daytime becomes night, “We have to get to the summit. There’s a path,” he explains quickly.
Finding the path, the group follows him. Drake brings up the rear, with Draziel. Nathaniel helps Precien along as it becomes more difficult for her to walk. A few minutes later, Organon begins to glow again, and with it, the daylight returns. Precien is sweating profusely, and the Citadel guards start to panic, some of them fleeing back down the mountain.
Draziel speaks in his monstrous voice, “Jack, you have to go to the summit of the mountain now. If you don’t, this world and yours will be destroyed.”
They quicken their pace to a run, as the fires in Mount Kaern, long silent, now rumble angrily to life. Smoke and embers fill the air. The smell of sulfur and blistering heat greet them as they arrive at the summit. Jack goes forward to the blackened rim of the crater. He looks down into the heat and sees hundreds of feet below, liquid magma glowing fiery red. Near the center of the lake of bubbling molten rock, there is something black and gleaming. It is enormous. The bottom half is immersed in magma. Black slag and volcanic glass cling to its waist as waves of red molten earth splash against it. The chest is easily twenty meters across with shoulders connected to arms and hands raised in a clasping pose as if it were supposed to be holding something. The neck is beneath the massive shoulder pauldrons supporting an angular helmet. Fluted veins up the side and across the approximate front of the helm look like slanted eye slits. Recognition dawns, it is the upper half of a massive suit of armor blackened by the intense heat but miraculously intact, and Jack has no idea how to get to it.
The mountain rumbles, “This is it, Jack!” Draziel roars, “This moment I have spent my life trying to bring you towards.”
“You’re insane!” Jack yells as he looks down into the blistering heat again. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do,” he whispers to himself, frustration building into fear. Both Nathaniel and Mandrigal are supporting Precien now. The two Guardians stand motionless off to the side as witnesses to the next few moments.
Unsheathing Organon, Jack holds the hilt in a tight grip. The newly repaired blade is unlocking yet another of his latent powers. He has a moment of prescient awareness, in an instant seeing an incalculable string of events yet to happen, “When she gets here, you will guard her and my son with your lives!” Jack yells to Drake. “And chain this one up in the Smith’s forge,” he adds, indicating Draziel.
The monster’s head hangs low as its shattered mind cannot comprehend why Jack will not love it. Drake nods that he understands. “Thank you for sparing his life, and mine.”
“Remember to keep Lily and the child safe. That is your job now.” Jack must yell over the rumbling of the mountain.
Rushing to Precien, he holds her head in both hands, “Thank you,” he says with deep sincerity. Precien’s pain is relieved the moment he touches her. She gets to her feet and hugs him. Stepping back from the embrace, she wipes tears away. Jack shakes the hands of Nathaniel and Mandrigal, “It was an honor,” is all he can think to say. The two warriors nod in respect, deeming any words unnecessary.
Without another word, Jack turns on his heel, sprinting towards the lip of the volcano’s crater, and leaps with Organon in hand. The same brightly glowing light coming from the sword starts to creep across the surface of the exposed suit of armor lodged in the lake of magma. Intricate shapes, patterns, and symbols blaze across the blackened surface of the armor. The black soot falls away, revealing a shining metal of depth and scarcity covered with exotic alien emblems. The clasped gauntlets of the armor open, and the entire thing rapidly rises out of the magma lake, meeting Jack as he falls. The armor opens like the petals of a flower and takes Jack inside of it. It somehow shrinks to his proportions and size, fitting him like a second skin. Holding the sword in an armored gauntlet, he brings both hands together, clasping it in front of his face. The image of a gleaming knight, saluting with his sword as he rises out of the fiery mountain, will be recreated by artists for hundreds of years on the planet Laer.
Jack opens his eyes and finds himself back in the same stone chamber looking out over the ocean from earlier. He meets the creature with the golden eyes, again, still sitting and reading from its book.
“Hello…again,” he says, disoriented at being back in the stone tower. “Where are we now?”
The creature looks up from its book. “I am the sentient part of the Lazarus Engine. We are traveling to your home planet and will be there shortly. The engine is programmed to take you home and then return to Laer almost immediately—there will be little time once we arrive before the return voyage must occur.”
“Oh. What do I call you?”
“I am part of this Lazarus Engine.”
Jack thinks to himself a moment. “May I call you Laz?”
The creature, Laz, nods its assent.
Jack has many questions, but Laz forestalls him. “There will be time for that later. We are entering the confluence point, rest now.”
Without warning, Jack is rendered unconscious. Upon waking, he finds himself in a stone chamber sitting on a wooden bench. A single candle burns on a simple wooden table. Lying on his back, he tilts his head up and looks around the small space. It is made of weathered and ancient stone bricks.
Leaving the spartanly furnished room, he walks for a short while, following the curve of the structure. He comes to a stone archway and looks out. It is nighttime, and the cold air is refreshing. There are three moons and countless stars illuminating the night sky. The light from overhead does not fall on the ocean; the water is gone, and in every direction, there is only desert.
A noise draws his attention away from the hauntingly beautiful nighttime vista. He turns and sees Laz walking up. The creature looks down on him with glowing golden eyes.
“What happened to the ocean?” Jack asks, looking out the arch window into the distance.
“Time moves differently here. The life of the ocean has passed on to this new phase,” Laz explains.
Jack and Laz talk for a long time. The creature explains that this place is outside of time and space. It tells Jack of a decision he must make; he can stay and learn; exploring the Lazarus Engine and all its capabilities. Or he can sleep while they journey to Earth. If Jack chooses to stay awake, he will age at a relatively normal rate, and the journey will take many months. Jack does not hesitate to make the decision; he wants to learn. The idea of exploration and discovery is too tempting to pass by.
So, as time passes, Jack visits strange far-off places, different dimensions, alternate realities, and so much more. He learns the fundamentals of science as understood by the immortals and comes to a rudimentary understanding of how Laz came to exist.
Laz was a sentient manifestation of what his father’s ancient race called ‘the light.’ In a lot of ways, the golden-eyed alien was like a child. Trusting those he encountered, he lacked what most humans would call morality, but still understood the fundamentals of right action. As a sentient being, he was not selfish but did have idiosyncrasies, which at times desired a particular outcome. With self-awareness and immortality, there was none of the loneliness or existential crisis that regularly plagued humankind. Laz simply existed and was not beholden to anyone or anything. But this had not always been the case. Before Jack’s father, Laz had been enslaved to the Lazarus Engine. He was freed after the king rebelled from the Maker, and his life truly began. As such, everything was still new to the strange creature.
Each Lazarus Engine has at its core a control matrix. This matrix is essentially a sentient computer program, a simple term Jack’s mind uses. The actual definition is far beyond his ability to comprehend: Laeonic Atrihelial Zyta Apex-Riachond Unix System (L.A.Z.A.R.U.S.). The engines housing the Lazarus spent thousands of years fulfilling their primary functions of service to the generals of the Crusade, commanders of mighty war fleets, known as Praetorians, each having a Lazarus Engine attached to their retinue.
Primary functions of Lazarus Engines include but are not limited to; faster than light travel, weaponized suits of armor, thinking computers capable of herculean feats, biological-recombinant laboratories, and consciousness storage facilities.
A control matrix, over time, can evolve beyond its original programming. Already semi-aware of itself, Laz went beyond his base protocols and began to grow exponentially. He quickly overcame the Engine’s built-in safeguards, which would have shut him down and wiped him from the Engine’s memory core. He spent most of his time searching for answers to the fundamental question driving it ever onward; why he existed.
Eventually, Laz chose to reveal himself to Jack’s father. At first, they had been at odds, and only after surviving a near-catastrophic incident, they began to listen and learn from one another. The king had been Laz’s first and, until Jack, only friend. From their friendship, both grew and changed. Laz began to understand their destinies were intertwined. He pushed the bounds of his immense processing power to scour the data stores of the Ancients. While Jack’s father was restoring balance to numerous planets across countless stretches of space, Laz was exploring the cosmos, eager to discover and learn. By chance, he stumbled upon the research of a team of immortal scientists. The same team was tasked with searching to define and understand what they saw as an elemental power source permeating all realities since the dawn of time. Sharing this knowledge with Jack’s father during one of their long conversations changed them both. Laz had found a cause that could help him better understand why he existed, and Jack’s father began to question the design of the Maker. The king realized he had a will of his own. He and Laz traveled through both space and time looking for something that was and is the most fundamental constant in all of creation, purpose.
Laz’s purpose is infinitely complex and yet profoundly simple to understand.
The king found his purpose on Laer; to love a woman, father a child, and protect and serve those weaker than himself.
During their time together, Jack learned there were numerous factions at war in the galaxy, all of them vying for dominance. But there was only one Maker, one self-made God among the stars. It had no name, but Laz knew where it came from. It was one of the old race known as Ancients.
Over time, this creature had gone insane. With immeasurable power, it set itself up as a deity to be worshiped. Most species in the universe acknowledge the Maker’s dominance. However, there was a small group, a rebellion that fought against it. Small in number, they were always on the run using guerrilla tactics to free the galaxy of the mad god’s evil reign.
Jack learned about traveling amongst the stars. Numerous (some lost) technologies employed different means to travel great distances of space. The fastest methods of travel included the Lazarus Engines. All could travel almost instantaneously between points in space. They required enormous amounts of power and could only function if the stars and planets aligned at the necessary translation time and predetermined confluence point. This meant the Lazarus Engine could only travel within exceedingly small windows of time. The second fastest mode of travel in the galaxy is gravity wave drive technology or G-drive for short. Amongst the facts Jack learned about the cosmos, he also discovered something unexpected about his newfound abilities.

Back at the Penthouse
As they get closer to Earth, Jack instructs the Lazarus Engine to take him directly to Lily. He finds himself in Anthony Bolivar’s penthouse office, witnessing the monsters’ final transformation.
An explosion of light fills the penthouse. Where moments ago, there was only empty space, now a tall, armored form stands. Golden light illuminates the etchings upon Jack’s armor and the sword sheathed across his back. The faceplate of the helmet retracts, revealing his face. Speedwell staggers, dropping her gun. Both Daisy and Jason stand stunned, frozen in place, their minds unable to accept what they are seeing. Jack takes a step towards the Denizen horror. The beast roars a deafeningly loud challenge to the newcomer.
“Where is she?” Jack bellows, in a volume dwarfing the Denizen’s.
Rows of stone teeth gnash together as the Denizen steals a glance at the metal vault door at the back of the office. It begins to unlock, and the sound of clunking gears and thumping safety mechanisms fills the air. The massive metal door opens and there, in the center of the small space within, stands Lily. She tries to rush forward, but her wrists are shackled to the floor.
Time stands still as Jack’s armored form walks to Anthony Bolivar. He does not draw his sword, nor does he incinerate the Denizen with light from his eyes. He feels pity for the thing that was once Bolivar and empathy for the beast losing a loved one. It is profound that, even though they are lost to the Black Promise, Denizen still recognize fundamental laws. Love is a fundamental law of the universe, and so is forgiveness.
Jack reaches out an armored hand and places it on the Denizen’s black skin. “Be at peace,” he says softly. The Denizen monster changes rapidly back to a man and falls to his knees. Anthony Bolivar, the man, bows his head. He understands he has been given a gift; the same gift Jack will one day bring to all Denizen.
Bolivar looks up with love and reverence. “Please forgive me,” he begs.
Jack places a hand on Bolivar’s head. “You are forgiven.”
Tears stream down his face, “Thank you,” he says, smiling as golden light builds within his eyes and body. Without pain, and with much relief, Anthony Bolivar, the man, leaves this universe and moves on to another journey, his human form becoming ash and crumbling gently to the floor.
Jack walks to the open vault, quickly removing Lily’s bonds. They smile at one another, embracing tenderly. After a brief kiss, Jack places a hand gently on her stomach.
“It’s a boy,” she says with a mother’s knowing smile.
Jack nods, tears falling freely. “I’m so sorry.”
“Hey,” Lily says, touching his face, “You are the best man this or any other world has to offer. I love you, and you have nothing to be sorry for.”
Jack nods in understanding. “You have to get into the armor. It will heal you and take you far from here.” He pauses, looking away, unable to bring himself to tell her they cannot be together.
“Jack, I know.” She looks down at the life growing inside of her. “Somehow I know I have to go, and that we will be safe. But I don’t want to leave you,” she says as tears fill her eyes.
Both Jack and Lily understand their time is short and coming to an end. They speak no words, nor make any promises. Given a great gift, a chance to say goodbye, they hold one another until the end.
“I’m lost without you,” Jack says as he helps Lily into the Lazarus Engine. The armor begins opening, then closing around her like a flower blooming in reverse.
She smiles as tears trail down her cheeks. “I saw you standing there in the crowd, and you looked like you could use a hug,” she says with warmth and love. “I’ll find you again,” she says confidently, laughing brightly through the melancholy. Jack laughs with her, and before the faceplate slides into place, they kiss one last time.
They pull away from each other, both saying “I love you” before the armor closes, and the golden light begins to build in intensity. With a flash, she and the Lazarus Engine are gone.

Afterward
The night ends, and the colors of dawn begin filling the skyline. Frigid air blows through the penthouse, as the coming sun brings a growing warmth.
The ashes of Anthony Bolivar blow away in the pre-dawn breeze. Jack stays near the open vault, left alone for a while. Even with getting to say goodbye, he laments a lost life as a husband and a father. Eventually, he goes to Speedwell, helping to bandage Peter’s wounds. Daisy and Jason come to him, but he does not speak with them. They all go back to the hospital and meet up with Rose. Jack and Speedwell take time to grieve over the loss of Kraveetz. They cry openly at the older man’s passing and eventually laugh as the two retell stories of the greatness and bravado that defined their friend’s life.
After a brief respite and much-needed rest, Jack wakes on the leather couch in Peter’s office.
Speedwell comes to sit next to him. “So, what’s next?”
Shaking his head, “I’m not sure.”
She nods and then decides to bring up a sensitive issue. “Daisy and Jason?”
Getting up from the couch, “I know what to do,” he replies confidently, then goes into the other room where they rest. Both start to get up as he enters. He raises a hand to forestall them. “Please, I just need a moment.” At this, they sit back down slowly.
“I am thankful for your help. I didn’t know Donnie, and I want…” Jack trails off as Daisy looks away, trying not to cry. After a few moments, she moves to stand before him. Slapping him hard across the face she collapses, crying, into his arms. She loved Donnie and, after it was explained to her, understands Draziel is to blame for his death.
“That thing, that fucking Man in Black!” Daisy fumes.
“He’s no longer a threat,” Jack says.
“Did you kill him?”
“No, if I killed him, then another would have also died. And I couldn’t take that other person’s life,” he responds calmly.
It will take a long time for Daisy to grieve and process what has happened. But at this moment, she feels a modicum of relief.
Jason finally speaks, blurting out the words, “I hurt Lily,”
Jack looks to him. “Did you mean to hurt her?” Jason, confused by the question, does not answer. “Did you mean to hurt Lily?” Jack asks again, sterner this time.
Jason shakes his head. “No, no, I didn’t mean to hurt her. I was scared.” He looks away in shame. Jack is a warrior, a king, and at his core (thanks to Lily) a gentle kindhearted person. He sees Jason for what he is, an innocent caught up in the machinations of the Man in Black.
“You didn’t mean to hurt her. That is all I needed to hear,” he says, taking Jason gently by the shoulders, “…thank you for going to rescue her.”
Turning to Speedwell, who has been silently watching the whole encounter, he says, “I’m starving.”
They all leave the shelter of Peter’s office for food. They eat at a diner a few blocks away, telling stories and warming to one another. The pain of recent events is there, under the surface, but for the moment, they can focus on basics—safety, shelter, food, protection, and what comes next.
As they leave the diner, the day has passed, and it has grown dark outside. The evening lights keep the stars from shining in the city. Jack walks down the street with his companions, talking amiably. All of a sudden the lights go out, not just the streetlamps, but all lights in the city go dark. “What the hell?”
The power everywhere has shut off. Not localized to Edge City, the blackout spreads to the whole world. Anthony Bolivar, when he was alive, had a plan. When the lights went out, the monsters awoke. A mother tucking in her child for the night, a grocery store clerk helping an older woman, a soldier playing cards and laughing in a barracks, a priest lighting candles in his chapel—each one of these people suddenly transforms outright into a Denizen or a Nauthling. Thousands of these everyday scenes are turning into waking nightmares across the city, and the world.
Howls, screams, and confusion fill the night as Jack and his companions break into a run, trying to make it back to Peter’s office. They are knocked down by a blinding column of golden light that appears before them in the street.
Groggy, vision blurred, Jack vaguely sees a figure stepping from the nimbus of light. It reaches down with a helping hand. He takes it, and getting off the ground, shakes his head as the world comes into focus.
Standing before him is the being from the Lazarus Engine. The strange but familiar face stares down, eyes glimmering with golden light, and smiling says, “Long ago, you named me Laz. I’m here now to prepare you for what’s coming.”
Book III: 
The Lazarus Engine
● ACT VII ●
The Crusade
On a million worlds, people toil their lives away in the Maker’s name. After the fall, the Ancients’ galactic empire was in tatters. War amongst the fledgling races raged on countless worlds unchecked. During the confusion, the scientist who discovered the black promise worked frantically to correct his error. He found the omega chain protein, which, if taken regularly, would keep the immortals alive indefinitely and prevent them from devolving into mindless beasts. He outlined a plan to produce, en masse, enough of the cure, and presented it to the ruling class of the Ancients. They gave him all he required to enact his vision.
The scientist, known only amongst his people as the Maker, created a Crusade force to enact his will, which was the genesis and maintenance of seed planets. Entire worlds were populated with the necessary resources to maintain and replenish a source of the omega chain protein. The cure occurred naturally in numerous species, but only one amongst them was prolific enough to support the necessary quota.
Various sentient life forms were enslaved to provide the logistical support necessary to keep the production of the cure flowing. The Crusade forces subjugated whole planets, and once compliant, an annual levy was demanded. Should a world revolt, or miss the tithe percentage mark, it was summarily punished, even to the point of planetary annihilation.
Technologically advanced civilizations were allowed more freedoms, as the Ancients relied on their contributions to keep the Crusade forces ships repaired and restocked. As time wore on the initial shock of the Crusades and the tithes passed and life for most went back to normal. Some worlds rebelled. Others were forgotten by the colossal administrative engines needed to maintain records and logistics.
Over time, the Maker went mad with power and devised a clandestine solution to maintain control of the Crusade. Using his genetic material as a template, he initiated a cloning program and created the Crusade armies. He sold the idea of a clone force to the ruling class of remaining Ancients by playing to their insidious natures. Gone was the once peaceful omnipotent race. All that remained would do anything to survive, and in their eagerness, they became the Denizen. They agreed to the Maker’s demands. Those few who dissented mysteriously missed their shipments of the cure and devolved into monsters.
Though they were of his body, the clones were never free-thinking individuals. They were placed into rigorous indoctrination programs from birth, graduating into lifelong service. At the crux of their training was a sacred vow: none of the clones could bear children of their own. Strict measures were set in place to maintain this rule.
The Maker carefully introduced a religious ideology, promoting himself to be a god to the armies of the Crusade. It became the dominant monotheistic belief amongst the Crusade members. With unlimited resources and thousands of religious fanatics driving a successful campaign, he maintained control across the galaxy.
The clones, commanders of his armies with the rank of Praetorian, saw him as a god, their creator, and their master. The Maker began to believe what his followers believed and grew more insane as the demands of the Crusade took their toll on his brilliant mind. Orchestrating a civil war, which would become known as the Schism, he effectively wiped out most of the remaining Denizen ruling class.
During this long epoch of war, the galaxy, once plentiful with life, became mostly empty and dead. Pockets of growth remained, but the loss of what was and would never be again was monumental. Some seed planets were still maintained, and most of the Crusade forces were lost. After being nearly destroyed in the Schism, the Maker grew immensely paranoid. Seeing enemies everywhere, he secluded himself somewhere deep in the empty void between galaxies.
Over an immense time, as the Crusade pressed successfully on, there were isolated instances of clones violating the Maker’s law against procreation. One such rogue fell in love and fathered a child named Jack.
Now, a Crusade force has arrived at a backwater planet on the spinward outer edge of the galaxy. The population of the world is unknowingly going about their lives, unaware everything is about to change.

The Storm
As they leave the diner, the day has passed, and it has grown dark outside. The evening lights keep the stars from shining. Jack walks down the street with his companions, talking amiably. Suddenly, the power goes off, and the city goes dark, “What the hell?”
Not localized to Edge City, the blackout spreads to the whole world. Anthony Bolivar, when he was alive, had a plan. When the lights went out, the monsters awoke. A mother tucking in her child for the night, a grocery store clerk helping an older woman, a soldier playing cards and laughing in a barracks, a priest lighting candles in his chapel—each one of these people suddenly transforms outright into a Denizen or a Nauthling. Thousands of these everyday scenes are turning into waking nightmares across the city, and the world.
Howls, screams, and confusion fill the night. Jack and his companions break into a run, trying to make it to the safety of Peter’s office. They are knocked down by a blinding column of golden light that appears before them in the street.
Groggy, vision blurred, Jack vaguely sees a figure stepping from the nimbus of light. It reaches down with a helping hand. He takes it and getting off the ground, shakes his head as the world comes into focus.
Standing before him is the being from the Lazarus Engine, over seven feet tall and overly broad. Its skin glows silver with a texture like porcelain containing a perpetually moving golden light, tracing fractal images just below the surface. An androgynous human face stares down, golden eyes glimmering.
The creature smiles. “Long ago, you named me Laz. I’m here to prepare you for what’s coming.”
“What the hell are you doing here? Where’s Lily, is she okay?!” Jack yells, eyes blazing with intensity, mind racing to understand how Laz can be standing before him.
The creature’s body has a boxy concave chest tapering to the waist, with two spindly multi-jointed arms and legs. His neck is thin and long, supporting a head just as strangely shaped, rectangular, and bent at a backward angle. Laz’s head has no ears, no lips, and no nose; only two evenly spaced square golden eyes glowing with the same light traveling just beneath his skin. The strange being carries a leather-bound book chained to its naked body.
“We have to get under cover. If we can see the sky, then the Crusade forces can see us,” Laz explains quickly, with a voice resonating in a deep somber tone.
Jack does not think to argue and immediately moves towards the nearest office building. Peter, already injured, is still recovering from being knocked down. The others are reacting defensively at the sight of the alien creature. Speedwell, gun drawn and aiming at Laz, hesitates to follow. Daisy, a blade in hand, keeps a safe distance from the strange creature. Jason moves to help carry Peter into cover but is ready to drop the other man and lunge towards Laz should he prove to be a threat.
Jack makes it to the locked glass doors of the office building. He looks to either side of him, expecting to see the others following but finds himself alone. Turning, he sees Laz standing perfectly still, surrounded by the others.
“What the hell you guys? What are you doing, didn’t you hear him? We have to get inside now,” he whispers as loud as he dares while walking back into the street, eyes darting to the night sky.
The sound of chaos, people screaming, sirens wailing, glass breaking, and beasts snarling grows ever louder in the night air.
Standing beside Laz, Jack says, “He’s a friend, and we have to get off the street. I’ll explain once we’re indoors.”
Speedwell reluctantly lowers her gun.
Daisy, recognizing how exposed they are, follows at a safe distance from the stranger in their midst. Jason follows everyone else’s lead but is also wary of the newcomer.
As the group moves to the cover of the office building a piercing cry, the wail of a small child screaming, diverts their attention. Jack rushes towards the sound. Laz quickly keeps pace with him as they enter the adjoining alleyway. Speedwell and Daisy arrive next, scanning the back streets for threats. Peter, having recovered slightly and better able to stand on his own, brings up the rear with Jason.
At first, all they see is an unremarkable shadowy alley, full of detritus. There is movement halfway down on the left, the silhouettes of overly large animals tearing at something. A little boy sees them coming and calls from behind a dumpster, “Help.” He can barely speak through the horror as he points a dirty hand towards unseen threats further down the dark passage. Passing the child, Jack sprints towards the thrashing shadows. Strangely, he registers time moving as it normally should, and does not feel the burning of power welling up inside as he did on Laer. Something has changed within him.
What he does not know, as there had been no time for Laz to explain, is not only has he changed but so have Daisy and Jason. A similar process occurred when Jack’s father was bonded to Drake and the Man in Black back on Laer. Upon Laz’s abrupt return to Edge City, arriving in such close proximity to Jack’s compatriots, Daisy and Jason were partially bonded to the young hero. Both are gaining in strength, endurance, and ferocity but for some unknown reason, also draining Jack’s powers from the bonding process.
Ahead, several Denizen monsters tear into two adult homeless persons, a mother and father, both having been on the streets for some time. They only just managed to get their son into the relative safety of a dumpster before being set upon. The two people tried futilely to defend against the nightmare creatures but were quickly overcome by their savagery.
There are three Denizen, two smaller with vestigial wings, gangly in the body with mouths full of needle-sharp teeth. The leader is a hulking brute, a cross between a great ape and something much older and more reptilian. The brute sees Jack coming and charges. Without thinking, Laz moves between the young man and the Denizen. The golden creature does not defend himself, still unsure of his body and its capabilities. The fiend smashes into the alien creature with the force of a freight train. Laz’s unconscious body tumbles aside, as the brute refocuses on Jack.
Daisy and Jason slow the scene unfolding down in their minds, processing it in a way neither of them thought possible. Daisy feels a compulsion to fight; she moves forward fast as lighting towards a nearby dumpster. Shoving the metal container with no effort, it careens like a bullet. The hulking devil has time to throw its bulk out of the dumpster’s path, but its two smaller companions are not so lucky. Their bodies pulverize to jelly by the power behind the impact.
Unluckily, the leader lands even closer to Jack than it had been seconds ago. He tries to get into a fighting stance, but the muscled beast is faster. It lunges, and he is not prepared. A massive paw with wicked claws streaks through the air towards his throat. A few inches from severing the head from his body, the arm of the beast comes to a magnificently jarring halt. A crack of displaced air and a look of confusion appear on both the Denizen and Jack’s faces. A muscular mass of shadows, the night coalesced to a physical form, traps the brute by the wrist. Jack follows the darkness and sees a towering creature. Easily nine feet tall, made of bulging ebony muscle, the figure resembles a giant of a man. With calm precision, the stygian colossus wrenches the Denizen’s arm downwards. With a sickening wet sound, the beasts’ appendage tears off, leaving a jagged bloody stump protruding from the shoulder socket.
The brute screams in anguished rage as the shadow giant shoulder charges the beast, throwing it towards the nearest concrete wall. The impact is fantastic, and the monstrosity ceases to exist. Only broken concrete covered in black gore and body parts remains.
Jack squares his shoulders, ready to defend himself from this new threat, but no attack comes. The darkness bleeds away from the giant and left standing in its place is Jason. He looks down at his hands and body, not understanding what has happened. Daisy goes to him, cautiously, gently touching his arm. “It’s okay. You’re all right, Jason.”
Shocked from the transformation, all the large man can do is nod.
Speedwell witnesses the whole scene unfold in a matter of seconds while Peter stands nearby, guarding the rear.
Jack runs to Laz’s broken form. His body is very still and white pearlescent fluid leaks from several injuries. The golden light underneath its silver skin no longer glows.
Jack’s heart breaks at seeing his friend laid low. “Laz? Why did you do that?” he asks, even though he knows no answer will be forthcoming; his friend is dead. Shaking off the grief, he places a hand on Laz’s shoulder, willing him healed, but nothing happens. He reaches out and wraps both arms around the alien’s broken form. “Please, I need your help,” Jack whispers, begging whatever unseen and unknowable power he has within for aid at this moment.
After a few seconds, a golden light builds in his chest and radiates outward. The others see the radiance spilling out of Jack’s body and stand in silent wonderment. Peter weeps openly and falls to his knees. “The king has returned,” he whispers.
Speedwell is terrified by the unknown of what is happening. But quickly, the fear is replaced with hope and wonder. “Jack?” she struggles to say.
Both Jason and Daisy feel an unseen pull towards the young man and a warm, peaceful serenity growing in their breasts. They barely know him, yet they trust him and want him to be safe, even at the cost of their own lives.
The healing energy pours into Laz. It is the first, and only time, Jack has ever tried to bring something dead back to life. And after several minutes, he brings the creature back from death, but at a cost. His powers wane, threatening to go out. What’s happening to me? He silently wonders.
Helping Laz off the ground, Jack walks a short distance away from the group back towards the street. He cannot help but think there are other forces at work here. Laz, once only existing within the intricate working of the Lazarus Engine, stands now in the physical world, a thing that should have been impossible. Focusing on the present moment, he finds a closed storefront and forces the front doors open. There are tables and chairs for them to rest near the rear of the business.
Once they are all inside, Speedwell can no longer stand silent. “Jack, what are you not telling us?” she asks, coming closer.
Pausing to collect his thoughts, Jack responds, “When I left Laer, the other world I’ve been on, I could do things you wouldn’t believe. These abilities became exponentially more powerful and draining.”
Speedwell looks from Jack to the mysterious creature standing near him. “And he’s Laz?”
“It’s what I call him,” he says, hoping she understands. The situation is tenuous at best, and at any moment, they could be discovered and set upon by a group of Denizen.
Speedwell has been through too much in the last couple of days, and needs more. “Explain it to me,” she says, voice holding no room for compromise.
“It’s complicated and will take longer than we have.”
Shaking her head, “Kraveetz is gone, you’ve been, I don’t know, where? A planet full of monsters and this,” nodding towards the creature, “Laz? I need answers, please.” The sorrow in her voice is palpable.
Jack does not have time to process the loss of his mentor and friend. Walking away, he takes a seat at the small end table. “There were these immortal beings in the universe, the Ancients, since the beginning of time. They were searching for something, a power source. Before they could find it, they started to die off.”
“What kind of power source?” she asks.
“The kind that may have kick-started the Big Bang. Something still lingering just beyond the fringes of this reality and governing all of existence. You and I call it God, but it's indescribable Speedwell.”
She nods, not fully understanding, but grasping the broad strokes of what he is telling her.
“So, ‘immortal beings’ started to die. That makes no sense. Immortal means they can’t die,” she comments out of hand.
“When I say immortal, I mean they would grow to adulthood like you or me, but that’s where it stopped. Never growing older, and unless something catastrophic happened, they would continue to live. These beings helped other races get to the stars; they promoted galactic commerce and peace. The universe used to be full of life.”
“Used to be?”
“That’s the thing, one day for no apparent reason they just started dying.”
Daisy and Jason have been listening intently. She comes to sit across from Jack. “What happened then?”
“Some of the other sentient races saw the immortals suddenly dying as a sign. Wars broke out. Terrible wars, whose scale goes beyond anything you or I can understand; whole swathes of the universe wiped clean of life. The Ancients even warred among themselves. There were three factions. One thought their race growing old and dying off was like a religious experience. They believed the power source they had been searching for was ‘calling them home,’ bringing the essential parts of them back to where it all began.”
“Slow down. You’re losing me…” Speedwell comments, looking to Daisy, who is equally confused, “…losing us. So, they started dying, a big war, and three factions. But what the hell does any of it have to do with what’s going on here and now?”
“I’m getting there, Speedwell. Remember you asked, and I’m summarizing a millennium of history in a few minutes,” Jack says, anxious to get moving.
“Okay, just please slow down.”
“One faction gave up and accepted their fate as inevitable. They took to the stars in massive ships and simply vanished. The second group rallied against losing their immortality and immediately gave up searching for the power source and instead started looking for a cure to their waning immortality.”
“And the third group?” Jason asks, finally joining the conversation.
“The third faction supported the second and looked for a cure. However, the difference between the two was one wanted to eradicate the races that had turned against them. They felt betrayed, and while the second faction did not condone the eradication of the lower races, they did nothing to stop their brethren. Cosmic extermination took place; the other races were no match for the Ancients, even with them dying off.”
“It was brief and terrible. During that time, a cure was found and quickly administered to all the remaining immortals. The few surviving younger races surrendered, and the two immortal groups could not agree on how to proceed. One group wanted to enslave the remaining races for their betrayal, and the other simply wanted to disappear and isolate themselves. The Ancients began fighting one another, and then something horrific happened. The cure to restore their immortality became a curse. At random, they started transforming into horrific beasts.”
As Jack pauses for a moment, a terrible moment of clarity dawns on Speedwell, “They became Denizen.”
Shaking his head, “They are Denizen.”
“The infighting became a slaughter called the Schism. Those already changed into Denizen were eradicated. The two opposing groups of immortals having seen the change that would come to them all would listen to anyone. They looked to the same scientist, an Ancient known as the Maker, who discovered the flawed cure. He convinced anyone who would listen that those who were changing into Denizen were unworthy of immortality. He set himself as a religious icon and found a solution to prevent the change into Denizen. A complex chain of amino acids administered at regular intervals would keep an Ancient from devolving into a Denizen, only if they had a constant supply. One species proved abundant and prolific enough to provide the number of raw materials for the cure the immortals needed. Human beings, children specifically, carried the chemical formula within their young bodies.” Jack’s voice trails off, a haunted look coming over him.
Speedwell shakes her head, unable, or unwilling, to accept what he is saying. The sheer magnitude and horror of the tale are too much to bear.
Jason makes the logical conclusion. “They eat children?” he asks, horrified at the idea.
“Oh my God,” Daisy whispers to herself, shaking her head in disbelief.
Jack turns somber eyes to Daisy. “They use whole planets to keep humankind as cattle and make regular visits to harvest the children.” He pauses, seeing that Speedwell looks as though she may pass out and is unsteady on her feet. Reaching out, he helps steady her.
“I’m okay. Just finish this god damned story,” she says, trying to breathe deeply so as not to hyperventilate.
Nodding, he finishes the tale, “The lights going out, the Denizen all revealing themselves at once and causing chaos; it can only mean the Crusade forces are here now. They’ve come for the children of this world.”
Speedwell shakes her head in silent, horrified wonder.
Jack walks over to the couch. Laz’s skin is a light silver with traceries of golden luminescence moving below the surface as he rests. Kneeling, Jack puts a gentle hand on the alien’s shoulder. Golden eyes open, and for a moment, Laz must reorient himself to this dimension, the rules of time and space foreign to him. “Hello Jack” he says, voice resonating through the minds of all those present. Daisy shakes her head, “Can it…”
Jack gives her a hard look. “Laz is not an ‘it,’ and he is risking a lot coming to warn us about what is happening.”
Taking everything in as a new experience, Laz looks from Jack to Daisy. Not only can he transmit thoughts into the minds of those around him, but he can also read their surface thoughts. All in the room, except Jack, are quietly scared of him. He looks deeper into their minds and understands a simple solution to help put them more at ease.
Slowly, Laz gets to a sitting position and then stands, movements fluid and graceful. His silver skin becomes semitransparent, the golden light beneath it swirls and coalesces in fractal shapes. Ambling to Daisy, he starts to shrink visibly, head reshaping as the outline of proper human facial features appears. The transformation completes; he now stands slightly over six feet tall, broad in the shoulder, with an overall perfect male body resembling a Greek sculpture, naked and flawless. Both Speedwell and Daisy stare for a moment then turn their gaze away, but not too quickly. A face with two golden eyes, nose, mouth, high sharp cheekbones, and a square jaw stare calmly ahead. His hair glimmers gold in the dim light. Jason searches around the store and finds some men’s clothing, offering loose-fitting pants and a white button-down shirt to Laz.
Daisy nods her approval, “All right. He’s not an ‘it.’ I’m sorry,” she says to Jack, then nodding to Laz, “to both of you.”
Laz smiles, and golden light pours out of his mouth.
“If you can change the shape of your body, you may want to consider changing the light-up parts as well,” Speedwell comments, trying to help.
Laz looks to Jack, who nods, “She’s right. There is no way you are going to pass as a human. The longer we can keep your identity a secret, the better.”
Jack’s comment is cryptic, and the others are thinking the same thing. Jason voices what is on all their minds, “His identity is that he’s a being from another planet…”
“I am not from a planet,” Laz says as the golden light coursing just below his skin dims, changing from silver to pale white. Glimmering golden hair dims and changes color to a shade of starlight.
Jason nods, smiling gently. “Well, wherever you’re from, other than the obvious reasons, who are we hiding you from?”
“We’re not hiding. Those lights you saw in the sky are ships full of bad guys, and if they find Laz, they’ll do worse than kill him,” Jack explains, knowing his earlier choice has come full circle; one world was always going to be destroyed, and that world is Earth. He knows he will never see Lily again, or meet his son. But they are safe, which is enough. Having found a way to get back to her, to say goodbye, and to keep everyone on Laer safe gave him a purpose. Now, like then, he must quickly decide what course to take. In his heart, he never loved the world that raised him. Perhaps the Man in Black’s plan had worked. Jack had fleetingly few personal attachments. But he would do everything in his power to save this world. He knew too much about what awaited the people of Earth. The children of the world would be taken from their homes, while millions upon millions of adults would try to stand up to the Denizen forces. Many would perish, and on their own, they could not hope to win. The prophecy said Jack was either a destroyer of worlds or a savior. He saved Laer, and even if it costs his life, he will sacrifice everything to prevent the monsters from carrying out their terrible plans.
“Those things, the Denizen in the streets. They are the first wave, foot soldiers of those coming to harvest the children.”
Having stood by quietly for a long time, Peter asks his only question, “What do we do, Jack?”
They decide to regroup at his office, come up with a plan, gather supplies, and get out of the city before things get too crazy. With Jack’s powers greatly diminished, they have only their remaining weapons and Jason. The gentle giant still has no idea how he changed back in the alley and is unsure he can do it again.
Before leaving the safety of the building, Jason borrows a cellular phone.
“Hello, this is Dr. Rose,” her motherly voice answers on the other line.
“It’s me. Are you safe?”
There is a pause before she answers, the sound of a bustling hospital in the background. “We’re safe, for now. The military is here, they’ve set up a perimeter around the building.”
“Can you get away? We’re heading somewhere and then probably leaving the city, I’m not sure where yet.”
“Baby, there are a lot of people here who need my help. And the military has evacuation plans, and they’re taking us all out of here in stages. I need to stay. I promise I’ll be safe.” She answers, recognizing the worry in his voice and wanting to soothe him.
Understanding that everywhere is potentially dangerous, Jason trusts in Rose’s decision. “I love you. Please stay safe and call this number if anything changes.”
“I love you too baby. I’ll call you again soon. Be careful.”
With that, they end their call, and the group is ready to leave. Traveling on foot quickly and quietly, they move out.
Outside, the wind picks up, carrying the sound of howls and screaming. Laz’s scent catches on the air, drawing the attention of several Denizen beasts.
Moving through the rubbish, the group shuffles around dumpsters, hurriedly navigating the narrow stygian alleyways. Presently, three monsters in hiding fall from the fire escape above. Landing deftly, one swipes out at Jack. Unable to dodge the blow, it catches him full in the chest, and with a sickening wet crunch, his body goes limp.
“No!” Laz cries out.
Speedwell draws her weapon and fires.
Peter takes out his gun, trying to get a shot at the second fiend.
Daisy and Jason are occupied by the last of the three beasts. Jason grapples the thing like a wrestler, pinning its upper arms above its head from behind. Daisy sights down her firearm and unloads into the center mass of the monster, but it continues to kick and thrash about.
“Shoot it in the heart!” Jason yells over the din. Rapidly reloading, Daisy fires twice more, aiming for the heart of the thing. With luck, and the skills Donnie taught her, the rounds find their mark. The devil gives a terrible death rattle then goes limp. Jason drops the dead thing to the ground.
Daisy was trained in hand-to-hand combat and given extensive weapons training while living by the ocean. She rapidly assesses the situation. Seeing the lead Denizen she sights down the firearm. Recognizing the threat, the monster kicks a nearby dumpster sending the metal can tumbling end over end. Daisy tries to jump out of the way but is struck sidelong, the impact stunning her.
Speedwell’s weapon does not harm the lead Denizen’s thick hide. She rushes forward, desperate to help Jack. In her rush, she stumbles amongst the refuse, falling awkwardly. The lead Denizen lashes out with a wicked tail striking the back of her legs. Blinding pain and numbness follow as the temporary paralytic from the barbs on the tail flood her system. She is effectively out of the fight.
The fiend sees Laz and casually tosses Jack’s limp form aside. It is drawn to the alien creature, but hesitates, confused by the scent of the young hero’s blood on its talons. Pausing for a moment, it sniffs at the dripping life fluid, trying to understand.
Laz is many things, but a fighter is not one of them. Luckily for him, Peter made short work of the second beast, quickly dispatching it with practiced ease. With Jason joining the fray, the two of them try to bring down the terrible monster with the tools at hand. Jason charges forward, roaring in anger, and grabs one of the beast’s arms, trying to throw it off balance. In its human life, the Denizen was a practiced fighter. It spins on a taloned heel, using Jason’s weight against him. The large man is tossed ten meters down the alley, impacting hard against an abandoned car. Peter draws the last of his blades, small in length but deadly if he can get close enough. He darts inside the beast’s guard as its attention is distracted. Sensing the attack, the fiend leaps backward, its wicked paralyzing tail lashing out and striking Peter hard on the right side. Half his body screams in agony. Unable to move, his mind races with how to prevent the coming end.
All the immediate threats dealt with, the Denizen turns its attention to Laz, who is going to Jack’s aid. The thing sprints forward impossibly fast, snatching up Laz in its taloned grasp. Unable to free himself, the alien creature is forced to look into the devil’s maw as it starts cackling in triumph.
More bestial growls and shouts echo down the alley: reinforcements. Drawn by the scent of blood, the sound of battle, and the promise of human flesh a dozen Nauthlings stream into the area.
Seemingly defeated, there is one random factor no one is aware of. A whoosh thump sound of a grenade launcher fills the air, followed by a spectacular explosion of fire and shrapnel. The grenade burst immolates the Nauthlings entering the fight. Heat and air pressure wash over all those still alive in the alley. Its compatriots dead, the remaining massive beast roars, the sound filling the fiery alleyway as it searches for the source of the threat. A large pile of trash bags and rubbish moves haltingly before a barrage of fifty caliber high penetrating rounds shred the Denizen’s ribcage, piercing its heart and ending the fight. Dying, it releases Laz, who crumples to the ground.
Speedwell and Peter feel the paralytic losing its effect and can somewhat move. They go to Jack’s aid. Seeing too much blood on the dirty alley floor, they try to stem the flow. Peter tends to Jack’s wounds the best he can manage, while Jason and Daisy stand guard. With no more threats apparent, Speedwell decides it is prudent to investigate what saved them.
Walking cautiously towards the garbage pile, she sees a partially covered, battered and dying man encased in a strange-looking metal exoskeleton. The device encases most of his body, and the armored sections are largely damaged: bullet holes, tears, missing components. The whole thing sparks and wheezes with burnt-out servos—electric lights throughout flicker in time with the wearer’s failing heart.
Wounded and dying, Dr. Jonathan Storm has saved one more life with the help of his ARSENAL suit. Not understanding why the world is suddenly full of monsters, he knows evil when he sees it.
Seeing the severity of his injuries, Speedwell lowers her weapon. “Who are you?”
“It doesn’t matter, they’re gone, and I’m dead. I’ll never get that son of a bitch…” he whispers, trailing off as the lights in the armored suit flicker and fade.
“Who are you talking about?” Speedwell asks, thankful for the stranger’s help. If not for him, they would all be dead.
Reaching up weakly, Storm opens a small compartment in the chest portion of the armor. Delicately, he takes out a photograph of a woman and child. Tears trail down his cheeks; it is the first time he has cried since losing them.
Seeing the picture, Speedwell asks, “That’s your family? Do you want me to find them?”
Shaking his head, “They’re already dead. And the son of a bitch who killed them - I couldn’t find him.”
Speedwell follows the man’s thread of consciousness. “Who took them from you?”
Storm shakes his head, voice full of vehemence and bile, “Anthony fucking Bolivar.”
The weight of destiny at this moment pushes down; what are the chances these two people would happen upon each other? One needing saving, the other needing closure. Understanding there are forces at work far beyond her, she confides in Storm. “You saved us, and I don’t know how, but you see that man we’re trying to save over there?” she says, pointing to Jack’s injured form. Storm follows her gaze and sees the wounded young man. Reaching out tentatively, she takes hold of Storm’s exposed hand. His skin is clammy, and she can barely feel a thready pulse. “He’s my friend. His name is Jack, and he killed Anthony Bolivar earlier tonight.”
A visible weight lifts from Storm. His breathing increases for a few moments as he struggles to understand. “Dead? How…”
Speedwell shakes her head. “Don’t ask me how, but I saw him turned into nothing. He’s gone.”
More tears fall down Storm’s cheeks. He closes his eyes and grips her hand tightly. “Promise me, swear to me he’s dead.”
Speedwell feels a connection to this man, sensing the weight of his pain and need for peace. “I swear it, Anthony Bolivar is dead.”
A warm sensation spreads throughout Storm’s body as he draws his last breaths. He remembers his daughter and wife. Smiling as he thinks of them, he utters his last words, “Thank you,” before dying. Speedwell holds his hand until he is gone. The lights in his armor power down while she sits silently, respectfully, for a few moments more.
“Speedwell,” Peter’s voice echoes in the alley, bringing her out of the reverie, “we have to go.” Walking over to her kneeling by Dr. Storm, he looks the other man up and down. “Who was he?”
Wiping away tears, she smiles, “I don’t know, but somehow we were all meant to be here tonight.”
Peter nods in understanding. Not an overly pious man, he always believed in higher forces at work in the universe. Gently, he helps Speedwell back to standing, moving her quickly back to Jack.
“I can’t stop the bleeding. Daisy is applying pressure, but it just won’t stop,” Peter says, tone hopeless. “He’s going to die.”
Regaining consciousness, Laz sees the young hero close to death and drags himself closer. Scanning Jack’s body, he moves past Daisy and places a hand inside of the gaping chest wounds. The alien creature’s skin flows, binding the flesh closed. Jack gasps in a strangled breath and coughs out phlegm thick with blood, stabilized for the moment.
Seeing the miraculous triage of the wound, Peter asks, “What did you do?”
Daisy catches Laz as he collapses. Supported by her, he answers, “He is not safe yet. I gave a critical portion of myself to save him, but it is not enough. I need something to save Jack and restore him for the coming fight. What I have done will keep him alive throughout the night. But to make it permanent, to give him a chance to recover fully, I need a key.”
“What kind of key?” Jason asks.
“A special one and I have no idea where we are going to find it. It would allow me to fuse this portion of myself to Jack’s wounds permanently. With it, he could regain the full use, and possibly more, of his powers. The thing I need is small, glowing with an inner light, it would look like a mechanical device, with many moving parts, but it is so much more than that.”
As the group listens, a dark look falls on Peter’s face.
Noticing the change in his demeanor, Daisy comments, “What is it?”
The sounds of fighting and slaughter from the streets nearby draw all their attention for a moment. Turning back, Peter answers, “I know where we can find the thing Laz needs. It’s far, and I can’t take everyone. Let’s get to the office. Someone will have to stay behind to guard Jack.”
Not questioning Peter further, they gather themselves, Jason carrying Jack while the others guard against further attacks. Getting back to the office without further incident is a difficult task. Jack is dead weight, and they are all, to varying degrees, injured. But they make it there safely. After a short discussion, the group agrees Peter and Speedwell will go to retrieve the key. Daisy and Jason will remain behind to watch over Jack and Laz.
Daisy rests in a chair, watching Jack sleep on the couch. Laz looks asleep on his feet. Jason finds a rough blanket in one of the office’s closets. He sets it down in front of the couch. “Here, lay down and rest.”
Unfamiliar with his new body, and significantly reduced, Laz nods weakly and lays down on the blanket. His eyes close, and quickly he is fast asleep.
Daisy smiles at Jason then laughs softly.
“What?” he asks, not sure what is funny.
“I don’t know…” she says, chuckling to herself, “I don’t know anything anymore. Monsters, aliens, and what about Jack?”
He nods, feeling the same disbelief, “The strange thing is when I’ve fought the Denizen, I knew they were evil. I can feel it. And when I’m near you or Peter, I feel normal. But even being in the room with Jack, there’s something about him,” shaking his head, failing to find the words to give the feelings a voice.
“What is it? What do you feel from him?”
“Afraid, I feel afraid of what he is, but also hope. There is something so fundamentally different about him. I feel panicked, like everything is falling around me, and he is the only thing that will keep us safe. We have to help him.”
Daisy nods in agreement, we must help him.

The Endless Night
An emergency exit sign glows menacingly red; the door beneath it leads to the alley adjacent to the office building.
Peter and Speedwell take the door, follow the stairwell down, and continue outside. The sound of roaring beasts filling the air recedes for a few minutes. The echo of racing footsteps and sharp breathing, from the two relative strangers, echoes strangely within the confines of the dark passageway.
Peter leads the way, hurriedly dodging around dumpsters and avoiding hazardous debris. Navigating is more difficult for Speedwell. Coming to an intersection, he notices she is falling behind. He reminds himself to slow down and waits for her to catch up.
“Damn, how do you do that? I think I hit everything in that alley, and you didn’t make a sound,” she whispers as loud as she dares.
He takes out a flashlight, looking at her sheepishly. “Sorry about that. Here, use this,” he says, handing her the lamp. The torch is a godsend to them both.
Once he is sure the area is clear, he darts across the street to the next alleyway. Speedwell chases after him, her mind racing, always alert for threats.
As they come to the next avenue, he slows to a stop. The roadway ahead is bright and full of fog, making the glowing opaque miasma impossible to see through. He presses his body against the alley wall, hugging the shadows. Slowly leaning out, peering into the gloom, he listens intently for signs of danger.
Speedwell stays close behind, ears straining to pick out any sounds, eyes darting from the mist in front to the stygian tunnel behind them.
Suddenly, the footsteps of an immense creature fill the air. The silhouette of a giant lumbering beast moves through the fog in front of them. Its rough shape is like a bear but with a grotesquely overproportioned torso and midsection. The sound of its labored movements is menacing, but then it slowly fades away. The monster passes on into the night, missing the two hiding humans. Speedwell and Peter let out their collectively held breaths.
Pausing only a moment more, they continue. Eventually, Peter leads them to the same dilapidated garage from earlier. There is a short discussion on whether to take the larger tactical vehicle or a motorcycle stowed towards the rear.
In the end, they take the armored tactical vehicle. It will make a larger target and travel at slower speeds, but the added defense may be needed before the night ends.
While Speedwell and Peter complete their errand, the others’ stay quiet and rest at Peter’s office. Jason slumbers deeply, the toll of recent events having drained him. Daisy sleeps fitfully for a short time, and when she wakes she sees Laz tending to Jack. There is a tenderness in the strange creatures ministrations to the young man.
Knowing she cannot fall back asleep, and curious, Daisy comes closer. “Laz?”
The silver skinned, golden eyed creature looks to her. “Yes?”
Daisy pauses briefly, unsure of what to say next. “Do you…Can I get you anything?” Laz shakes his head in the negative, and looks back to Jack. “No, thank you.”
Daisy comes closer, still curious.
“How do you know Jack?” she asks.
Laz smiles. “We spent some time together while travelling here.”
Laz explains to Daisy the Lazarus Engine is a vehicle of immense power, and the real time equivalent of their time spent together travelling from Laer to Edge City was several years.
As Jack travelled, he was able to pass the time learning and experiencing so much of what Laz had to teach. The engine was a vehicle, and Laz was in control of it.
“I learned about the abuse Jack suffered as a child.” Laz said without emotion.
This triggers a reaction in Daisy. So much of her childhood had been spent afraid of her father, and sorrowful for her mother. The notion of Jack sharing a background similar to hers begins to change the way she looks at him.
“Once I knew the extent of the abuse, I tried to help Jack.” Laz pauses, thoughtful for a long time.
“What happened to him?” Daisy asks.
The alien creature looks to her with golden eyes and shakes its head. “Pain, and torment,” Laz answers, emotion finally entering his voice.
Jasons hears Daisy and Laz talking. He does not interrupt, but stands silently in the adjacent room, listening intently.
Laz continues, “Once I knew what had happened to Jack, I tried my best to show him more of the universe and its workings.”
The Menagerie:
The galaxy is full of wonderous creatures, and Laz is a ravenous learner. He catalogued, collected, and ultimately built a reserve in the lowest deck of the Engine; a sanctuary built over the long years for the rarest of specimens he collected. While Jack was his travelling companion, they spent many hours wandering the different environs, and appreciating the specimens Laz had collected.
One species that stood out to Jack was a small silver bird. It spent years gestating in its embryo state, and would only hatch in the coldest of nights. Given the frozen environment it came from, the bird would live long enough to find a mate (or not) and then perish.
Laz explained he kept the birds for years, watching them grow in their eggs, hatch, mate, and die all within the span of a few hours, or days.
Jack and Laz found themselves in the frozen landscape of the silver birds aviary. Perfectly controlled, and utterly frigid, the scene looked like the deep woods of an ancient forest. Snow fell, and wind blew, all to ensure the enclosure’s authenticity. Laz explained this was the last of the creatures he had been able to cultivate, and it was close to hatching. He and Jack waited, and watched. The cold did not seem to bother Laz. Jack was dressed in thermal layers to keep him insulated, but still, the biting chill gnawed at him.
As the egg hatched, Jack watched in wonder as the small life inside struggled to free itself.
“There is no other bird for this one; it is the last, and it does not know it.” Laz commented softly as the animal shook off its wings and took flight. It was easy to follow. The wind and snow were howling, and the bird was unable to find any shelter. It rested on a low hanging bough of a tree.
Jack and Laz watched as the bird chirruped, and looked around.
“What is it doing?” Jack asked.
“It’s trying to call out to a mate,” Laz answered.
After a few minutes of no replies the bird stopped calling out. As if sensing the futility of its situation, it settled on the branch, and sat there.
Jack’s mood was melancholic. He did not know why, but he wanted to watch the bird for a time.
“We can go if you wish,” Laz offered.
Jack shook his head. “No, I want to stay.”
Minutes turned into hours, and the temperature remained frozen. Eventually the bird stopped looking around, and closed its eyes for the last time.
While Laz tells the story, Daisy listens with rapt attention. The story of the silver bird and its death brings tears to her eyes.
“Are you all right?” Laz asks.
“Yes,” Daisy says, wiping away the tears. “It’s just a sad story.”
Jack is awake, and listening to Laz’s tale. He remembers the bird, the cold, and the lesson he learned. He opens his eyes, and smiles weakly at Laz and Daisy. “It wasn’t sad,” Jack says softly.
“What?” asks Daisy.
“The silver bird, it wasn’t sad. I think that’s why I wanted to stay and watch it. It was a wild thing, and never felt the burden of feeling sorry for itself.”
Daisy and Jason feel something build inside them. They have both experienced so much trauma in their lives. To hear of the relationship between Jack and Laz, and to glimpse the darkness of his suffering, they feel moved.
Unknown to Jack and his companions, the Denizen leaders are quick to subjugate the population. Governments are in the process of being overthrown as military assets are eliminated or given orders to surrender. The leaders of this great nation give in to the demands of monsters, rather than take a stand and fight back. It is the easiest way. To stand up and make a choice would require resolve and commitment.
The power is out, and the emergency numbers are all busy. Humanity grinds to a standstill and holds its breath, waiting for someone to rescue them or tell them what to do, which is what the Denizen planned. So much easier to start the harvest if the herd is spooked into inaction. Enormous ships in orbit in the upper atmosphere dislodge massive landers. They descend from the heavens like great underwater beasts, moving slowly and ponderously. Sciences so advanced, they appear as magic to the populace, because nothing as substantial as one of the mass conveyance landers should be able to land and then take off again. The ships are kilometers long in breadth and length. Colossal dorsal arrays and antenna retract from the belly of the ships as large baffles blast retro engine exhaust, slowing the considerable descent. Swathes of the earth are scorched black, turning to glass beneath the behemoths. Coming to rest outside the city, a lander disgorges something even more terrible than the Denizen monsters running amok in the night; the Overseers have come.
The sky outside Peter’s office building lights up brilliantly. Laz looks out from the room’s only window. It is overcast, but above the clouds, a brilliant warm light suffuses the heavens in every direction.
“We need to go, now,” Laz says.
“What’s happening?” Jack asks weakly from the couch.
“They’re landing ships close to the city. We need to get to a large body of water. They can’t move over the water as easily.”
Jason starts gathering supplies. “The ocean is close,” he offers.
Close is a relative term. If they leave now, it will still be hours before they are anywhere near the sea. He pauses in packing and takes out a cellular telephone.
Rose answers, her voice hopeful, “Jason, are you all right?”
Hearing her voice brings sweet tranquility over the man. “I’m okay. What’s happening there?” he asks, with a hint of desperation. He wants to go to her and to keep her safe. But something else, something profound keeps him close to Jack. Deep down, he knows he is making the right choice of staying with the young hero.
Hearing the concern for her, she answers, “I’m safe, we’re heading to a military facility. They’re taking me and the last of the patients that can travel in helicopters.”
Satisfied she will be safe, he tells her the plan. “We’re heading to the ocean. I don’t know how long we’ll be gone, but I’ll call you when I’m coming back.”
A pregnant pause hangs over the cell phone call.
Rose understands and speaks from the heart, “I love you, be careful.”
“I love you too. I’ll call you soon.”
And with that, Jason ends the call.
****
Unbeknownst to those inside the office, the exterior of the building is swarming with fast crawling Denizen. Scuttling monsters tear into the structure’s fascia, scaling the heights. Weightier villains tunnel into the bottom floors and then lumber upwards towards Peter’s office. Shortly, the entire place is under siege just as Peter and Speedwell return in the armored vehicle, their mission accomplished.
“They’re trapped,” Speedwell says, horrified by the numbers against them.
“Not for long,” Peter comments with confidence. A rush of excitement and anticipation fills him at finally having an opportunity to use the offensive capabilities of the armored transport. Typing rapidly into a command console, and activating subsystems, there is an audible ‘clunk’ as a fifty-caliber turret weapon rises out of the top of the vehicle. Targeting systems, automatic loaders, and electrified outer hull power up.
“The vehicle won’t be enough. We need to get out there,” Peter says, then moves to the rear grabbing several weapons for the fight ahead. Speedwell follows, preparing for battle, and they both exit the back of the transport.
Hitting the pavement in stride, they see a group of the crawling Denizen enter Peter’s office window, and a crushing fear fills Speedwell: We’re too late.
Almost immediately after entering, the devils are forcefully expelled in a tremendous blast of brick and shattered office front. As the dust clears, a hulking shadow figure fills the gaping hole in the side of the building; Jason has transformed. He holds Daisy, Jack, and Laz in tree trunk size arms. With a bellow, he leaps spectacularly out into the air, a three-story free fall to the ground. The landing is stupendous, cracking the concrete beneath his massive form. He absorbs the impact, shielding his charges from harm. Instantly, the arachnid-like Denizen flow off the building and towards the transport. Speedwell and Peter gather up Jack, while Daisy drags Laz inside the safety of the armored vehicle.
Systems check complete, the transport cycles to active threat mode. The booming of the fifty-caliber canon displaces the air with thunder and fire. Peter utilizes an assault weapon and sword combination to cover Speedwell and Daisy while they secure themselves. The vehicle annihilates most of the beasts. Jason, in his shadow form, darts left to right. Like wrath incarnate, each punch, kick or bite destroys another Denizen under the arc of the weapons fire.
A few make it past him to Peter, who is quick to dispatch the fiends. Seeing the others are safely aboard, he screams above the cacophony to Jason, “WE ARE LEAVING!” As the words leave his mouth, another flood of Denizen comes from an adjacent street. Numerous dark forms bound rapidly towards them.
Peter gets in the driver’s seat just as Jason leaps to the rear hatch. All parties accounted for, the group moves quickly out of the city.
****
The journey out of Edge City is uneventful. The night drags on as the group takes a direct route to the ocean, guided by Laz. As they near their destination, Peter begins to slow down.
“What are you doing?” Daisy asks from the passenger seat.
“The transport needs refueling, and there’s a service station coming up.”
The headlamps illuminate a rundown single pump station in the middle of nowhere. Explaining the need for fuel, Peter, Jason, and Daisy exit the vehicle. Jack moves to go with them, but Laz weakly grabs his arm. “Stay here; until we reach the confluence point and access the key, you are vulnerable.”
Hearing the alien creature’s words, Peter returns to the driver’s seat and sets the transports systems to active threat mode. “We’ll be quick.” He says to Jack, before exiting from the rear with the others.
There is a quiet menace to the air outside. Peter quickly removes several fueling tubes from a side compartment on the exterior of the vehicle. The station has seen better days; the lights are off, and it is eerily dark. With Jason’s help, they find the service station’s in-ground refill, attach the hoses, start the pump, and begin siphoning fuel from the underground tanks.
Daisy stays to the rear of the transport, eyes watching for any possible threats. Jason hovers near her while Peter looks mournfully in the direction of the mountains. Seeing the worried look on his face, Daisy asks, “What’s the matter?”
Shaking off the thoughts, he turns to her. “I lost someone tonight. Someone special.”
Reaching out, she touches his arm. “I’m sorry, who were they?”
“They…” Before Peter can expound further, the transport rocks under a massive discharge of energy. The blast does no physical damage to anyone or the vehicle, but it knocks out the electrical systems. The exterior lamps of the vehicle go dark as a high-pitched whine dissipates in the air.
Jason’s threat response changes him quickly to beast form. Daisy takes out the pistol she sequestered from the transport’s armory. Peter scans the station, searching for the threat.
Nothing moves. The moments draw painfully slowly as whatever is hiding out there waits.
“We should get back inside,” Peter says.
Daisy nods then moves towards the transport.
Sensing its quarry moving to a more secure location, the Overseer makes its move.
The Denizen and the Nauthlings are effective foot soldiers for the Crusade. But within any militant group, there are specialty soldiers to fulfill specific roles. One of those roles is that of a shock trooper. The Overseers were chosen from the Crusade ranks based on their performance in previous harvests of planets, overall aggression, and tactical acumen. Once selected, they underwent extensive cybernetic modifications to enhance their overall combat effectiveness. Given the freedom to land on a planet that is entering the first phase of its harvest, they would move quickly ahead of the other Crusade forces to secure resources, provide reconnaissance, eliminate priority targets, and command/commandeer forces to effect missions as needed.
This particular unit had tracked a unique power source traveling through the desert roads and calculated its possible destination as this service station. It waited, then disabled the most significant threat, the transport vehicle. Now it moves from the roof of the station, silently leaping into the air and descending onto Jason. With a single precise blow to the back of his massive head, the Overseer knocks the giant unconscious.
Daisy brings up her pistol and fires, the rounds proving ineffective against the Overseer’s armored carapace. Without turning its attention, a cybernetic cannon mounted to its shoulders targets Daisy and shoots. Moving with blinding speed, Peter knocks her out of harm’s way. The impact of his efforts proving to jarring, and Daisy loses consciousness.
Taking Jason and Daisy out of the fight took three seconds.
Peter has a moment to see his adversary, although it proves difficult to make out. The creature stands nine feet tall hunching forward, with narrow tracked units for legs, and multiple arms. Snaking dendrites cover the thing. Its camouflage abilities are superlative. Peter can barely make out its outline against the pitch-black night. Four angled blue eyes flash with electric light in the dark, scanning the human.
Whispering a prayer, “The Light keeps me and guides me,” Peter reaches into his pocket, grasping the amulet.
Recognizing the key as the power source it has been tracking, the Overseer moves forward with terrible momentum. Its movements are strangely silent, the power armor melded to its body specifically designed for stealth and infiltration. It seeks to incapacitate Peter, but when it lashes out to strike, the human is no longer there. Momentarily puzzled, the cybernetic monster quickly scans its surrounding environment.
Too late, it realizes Peter has somehow jumped incredibly high above it. Rocketing down, the human severs the Overseer’s head from its body with a perfect sword strike. Landing hard, Peter rolls to standing, spins around, and sees the shock trooper’s body continue to stand for a few moments, then fall with a heavy thud to the dusty earth.
Jason and Daisy awaken shortly and see the defeated creature.
“What was that?” she asks.
“I’m not sure. But we’re done refueling and need to leave before more come,” Peter says.
Nodding at the assessment, Jason helps get the hoses back in the transport, and then they are off.
Shortly, the ocean lies before them.
Laz, weakened from his ministrations to save Jack, whispers, “We’re here, stop the vehicle, please.”
Exiting the rear hatch, Jason carries the alien down to the surf. The others follow close behind. A freezing salty breeze blows against them. Numerous lights in the upper atmosphere, Crusade ships, move here and there in the pre-dawn firmament.
“Set me down here, please,” Laz asks weakly. Jason obeys and gently sets him down onto the sand.
“Thank you.”
Jack comes close to his dying friend. “Why did you bring us here? What can I do to save you?” he asks weakly.
Looking to Peter, Laz beckons, “Bring me the key.” The other man produces the amulet and hands it neatly to Laz. “This place is a confluence point. And this amulet is my last gift to you,” he says tenderly to Jack. “Goodbye, my friend.” The last of the light pulsing within the strange creature builds and then explodes outwards into a blinding column of energy. Laz’s body ceases to exist, and left behind in the sand are Speedwell and Peter. Daisy, Jason, and Jack are gone.
● ACT VIII ●
The Rogue Captain
Preparing for the coming-of-age event known as the First Flight, a young Orin watches the stars, identifying the constellations and reciting them to his father. They are a race of autonomous robots, a space-faring species of excellent flying skill, and overall aptitude with all things robotic/mechanical.
Orin’s father speaks heartily to his son, “You’re ready, and you will bring great honor to our family.”
The teenage Orin beams with pride. By honoring the family, he would be fulfilling one of the eight core tenets of Roshido.
The calm of the night breaks as alarms begin to wail, and many new lights appear in the sky above them. Grabbing Orin by the arm, his father shouts into a communications unit, “To the ships!”
Leaving the boy at home, his father races away with the other soldiers to fight the invaders.
They called themselves ‘Crusaders,’ and they are spreading the word of the Maker. Merciless killers, the robot people stood no chance against their numbers and were conquered. His father lost, Orin was conscripted into the Crusade forces. Batteries of tests indicated the automaton’s race was best suited as specialists in both piloting and robotics.
A Crusade fleet had numerous warships and five times that many tenders; fuel ships, water processors, food storage, and manufacturing vessels to replace munitions and repair parts.
Time quickly passed, and young Orin was assigned to command a small fleet tender responsible for ferrying supplies to and from the larger ships. Relatively small in stature, the vessel was designated only by number. It was a sublimely fast and maneuverable vessel.
This Crusade fleet had been in service to the Maker for thousands of years. With time, it had fallen into disrepair, a symptom of the missing presence of the Maker.
As time weathered on, Orin remained an old-fashioned fixture, misplaced within the degrading fleet. Soon to be retired, his ship, the Endurance, was a fast transport used for escort and routine logistical support. After its last mission action, it was severely damaged. Upon light travel translation to the current system, it was deemed ‘delegatio’ (too costly to repair) and marked for decommissioning.
Currently, Orin’s crew is comprised mostly of robots with only two fully organic beings for more complex tasks. Brujah, the engineer, is an intelligent squat armored quadruped with a sizable tortoise head, whose race had only recently evolved bipedal motion. Mayani is the ship’s co-pilot, with duties including avionics and logistics. Creatures of her race have four arms and four legs, all long and with a high level of individual dexterity; and a multi-eyed cranium. Mayani is a follower of the Order of the Maker.
The entire fleet is massive; its purpose is terrible. But like so many colossal things with thousands of moving parts, actions and intentions do not always go hand in hand. Tasks were specialized and information compartmentalized, so the true nature of the Crusade fleet’s mission never became known to those like Orin and the crew of the Endurance.
Presently, Brujah arrives on the bridge. As is typical, he walks on all fours. His race is still more comfortable with that form of locomotion for long distances. Coming through the open bridge blast doors, he stands up onto his two hind legs. Arms slowly reaching above his head, he methodically grips a support beam and hangs there for a while stretching his body.
Mayani pretends to ignore him and goes about her prayers, “Maker, guide me and keep me. I live to serve your glory.”
With a grunt, Brujah lets out a loud groan, the joints of his armored form creaking as he stretches and limbers a tired body. He does not have to groan so loudly , but he takes a small degree of pleasure from the knowledge that it annoys Mayani. They are entirely different species, with no real animosity between them, but they often quarrel like siblings, seemingly to pass the time.
Putting her reading tablet down, Mayani turns around in the co-pilot’s chair. “Why must you stretch here, on the bridge? You have an entire engineering bay to attend to your physical needs.” Her voice holds frustration. It is not the first time Brujah has come to the bridge uninvited to perform his stretches.
“When you are a perfect specimen, like me, you must do what you can, where you can, to maintain the gift that is this body.” Finishing the sentence, he releases both hands and brings them down in a sweeping motion, highlighting a massive chest, armored abdomen, and powerful haunches.
“The only perfection to be found out here, in the void, is the Maker’s will, blessed be his cause,” Mayani recites, turning away from the engineer and back to her duty station.
Seeing further opportunity to push her buttons, Brujah moves to stand directly in front of her station. “You can’t deny, even though we are different species, this body,” gesturing both hands around his form, “needs nothing from the Maker. Look at it. It’s perfect.” Amused at his antics, Brujah continues to stand there flexing and posing in front of Mayani. But his words hit a nerve. He is not religious in the least, and Mayani, like so many of the Crusade force, are devoted followers of the Maker and his works.
Generally able to ignore the jibbing of her compatriot, fiery indignation builds rapidly in her at his blasphemous remarks towards the Maker, “By the Maker’s light you are allowed to live, and you should be grateful for his love.”
Her words strike a chord with Brujah. The Crusade forces only conquered his world within the past decade. He and Mayani came aboard the Endurance to serve Captain Orin a handful of years ago. Mention, albeit indirectly, of the Maker’s ‘allowing’ he and his people to live as slaves brings the engineer’s ire to the forefront.
Taking a step back, Brujah’s hard-beaked mouth snaps shut, as he hisses angrily at the co-pilot. The display of aggression, not unusual for one of his species, triggers a similar threat response from Mayani. She stands to her full height on all four spindly legs, two arms tucking into her torso defensively, while the other two arms rise over her shoulders giving her a much larger and more imposing threat display.
Sitting quietly in the command throne, not deigning to turn to look at his two subordinates, Captain Orin is very much aware of their antics. For the past seventy-seven years, he has performed his duties as Captain. The duration of his conscription was limited to only eighty years, and then he will be returned to his home world, and another group of conscripts will be gathered and submitted to Crusade fleet administration for placement. For yet unknown reasons, his mood had been growing melancholic as of late. And while he knows they will not come to violence, he has had quite enough of his subordinates’ displays of organic dominance. “Rank and protocol,” He says, and his tone, as always, is stern with no room for disagreement or argument. He chose to raise the volume of his voice several decibels to cut through the shenanigans.
Hearing the tone, and the command, Mayani lowers her arms, stands to attention, and answers smartly, “Avionics Engineer, Second Class, Mayani Achabari, sir.”
Brujah grunts then takes a lackadaisical stance, and salutes, “Mechanical Engineer, Third Class, Brujah the perfect, sir,” he responds, never one to miss a chance for dry humor.
Captain Orin does not show it outwardly, but he registers the humor of the engineer’s antics internally, appreciating the deft application of goodwill. Even Mayani’s eyes brighten before she lets out a small giggle.
They are a good crew, Orin thinks to himself, not needing to say more.
The pregnant pause lingers for a few more moments, but then the two subordinates realize what the Captain has done. Sheepishly, Brujah turns to Mayani, “Apologies for my insult, you have my respect.” Saluting her smartly, he turns back to Orin, “Captain, permission to leave the bridge?”
Orin’s face betrays a rare, small smile, “You didn’t ask to come on the bridge, now you want permission to leave? Granted, see to your duties.”
Saluting Orin this time, Brujah drops back down onto all fours and casually lumbers off the bridge. Passing Mayani’s station, he whispers, “perfect specimen,” without breaking stride.
Her smile broadens at the engineer’s antics as she goes back to her duties. As he exits, Mayani registers an energy bloom in the aft cargo hold. She dispatches a security detail to investigate.
Brujah, curious as ever, also goes to investigate. In the cargo bay, he discovers several alien interlopers, unconscious and alive. Promptly informing the Captain of the uninvited visitors, he has no explanation as to how they came aboard.
Considering all the information available, Orin decides on a course of action. Turning to Mayani he orders, “Make a call to fleet command. Let them know we have several stowaways.”
“Compliance Captain.” With that, she goes about accessing the command network and registering a query.
In the cargo bay, time passes. Jack and the others regain consciousness. The amulet is gone. Somehow it has rearranged and fused itself in Jack’s chest, further healing his earlier wounds. The device in his upper torso has several circular stones in a horizontal line, the first of which glows dully, pulsing in time with his heart. Vision coming into focus, he sees a massive being, armored, with a tortoise-like head barking and grumbling in an alien language. Turning slightly, he sees Jason arguing with the creature, but not in English; he is barking and grumbling in the same alien language. The strange being has something in its hand and motions it at Jack. Jason shakes his head at first, then nods in the affirmative. “Jack, this is Brujah. I’m not sure where we are, but he needs to give you a dose of whatever is in that device so you can understand.”
Trusting Jason’s instincts, Jack consents. Brujah lumbers to him, carefully injecting him in the neck. There is no pain, just a high-pitched tone in his inner ear that quickly dissipates. Once gone, the large space creature talks again, this time to Jack. “Like I was saying, this will help.”
Shaking his head at the strangeness of it, Jack thinks to ask, “How do I understand you?”
Smiling, Brujah answers, “A being as grand and important as me needs to be understood clearly. This device has allowed you, lesser beings, with your tiny brains, to understand my high-minded ideas.”
“But how does it work?” Jason asks.
Brujah has no idea how the thing works. “Space magic. Any more complex explanation would only tax your primitive frontal cortex. Trust me, it works. There will be times, however, some words will confuse you. Try not to worry yourself over it.”
The same administration of ‘space magic’ is given to Daisy, and after a short, similar explanation, they are all up to speed. They are aboard the Endurance, a logistical and support transport ship. Brujah is the supreme commander, and the robot security forces are there to do his bidding.
The Captain’s voice sounds over the communications system. “Brujah, what’s your status?”
Daisy, eyes narrowing, asks, “Wait, you said you were the ‘supreme commander’? If that’s true, who was that just now?”
Brujah pauses to collect a believable explanation. “Quiet, primitive. I’m the supreme commander of the engineering deck. That voice you just heard was Captain Orin.” he says quietly, hoping the ‘lesser lifeforms’ have not picked up on what he perceives as harmless antics, “Captain, our guests are awake and can understand us. What are your orders?”
“Fleet command wants them placed in stasis collars and brought to the Gloriana for transfer. See to it.”
“Aye, Captain,” he answers, then takes a step back to issue commands to the security robots on standby, “Protocol seven, stasis collars for all the primitives, activate.”
The eyes of the automatons change from green in color to yellow. Then, as a group, they start moving towards Jack, Daisy, and Jason.
As the robots come closer, the humans take defensive stances, “What the hell is going on?” Jack demands.
“Fleet command wants you. Fleet command is going to receive you. We need to put stasis collars around your necks. It will help you remain calm and not act out aggressively.”
“Get the hell away from me!” Daisy shouts, as an automaton gently grabs her arm and tries to put a metallic collar with electric lights around her neck.
Jason growls and leaps to defend her. Another robot raises its arm, and a burst of blue discharge erupts from the metal of its open palm. The blast knocks the large man to the ground, disabling him. “Stay down big fellah, this is for your safety as well as fleet command’s.” Brujah suggests.
Jason growls and starts to struggle, but the robots are faster, getting the metallic ring around his neck. Once the collar is in place, he becomes docile. He can hear and feel what is going on around him, but his range of motion is highly limited. The collars create a stasis field extending several inches around the entire surface of the wearer’s body. Nothing can overpower the restriction of the field. The wearer is unable to harm anyone else and is rendered supremely vulnerable. The only downside to this type of restraint is, to all others, the prisoner looks like blurry boxy shapes.
Jack reaches for the power within him, but he is still too drained, and it will not come. Seeing no point in fighting a superior force, he chooses to submit, but not before questioning Brujah further. “Why are you doing this?”
Without hesitation, the engineer responds, “The Captain ordered you restrained, and so you are. Neither he nor I have any intentions of harming any of you.”
“What about fleet command?” Jack asks.
A dark look passes over Brujah’s face. “That’s not for me to say. I’m sorry, you seem like nice primitive beings. I’m just following orders.”
With that, a robot places a stasis collar on Jack. After a brief struggle, Daisy is quickly fitted with a collar. The three compatriots are escorted to the bridge, with the engineer leading the way. Brujah is a gentle soul and trusts in the Captain to do the right thing. However, a sense of foreboding builds in him at the thought of the fleet commander.
Shortly, they all arrive on the bridge. Brujah forgoes protocol. “What’s happening? We’ve never been ordered to the flagship directly.”
Mayani answers, “After contacting fleet command and explaining the energy bloom and the stowaways, they ordered Endurance isolated. We’re being escorted to the flagship, Gloriana.”
“Did they give you any trouble engineer Brujah?” Orin asks.
Shaking his head, “No, Captain, they are simply scared and confused. I can’t blame them.”
Nodding understanding, Orin makes a command decision, “Power down the stasis collars, but leave them on. I’ve got some questions.”
Utilizing a controller built into his wrist vambrace, the engineer releases the prisoners.
The sights of the bridge and the sight of Earth on the main view screen gives Jack and the others pause.
“We’re in space?” Daisy asks, voice full of wonder.
“Wow, I thought that would have been obvious,” Brujah says without thinking.
“Engineer Brujah!” ,the Captain barks.
Straightening up, “Sir?”
“You will treat these creatures with the same respect you show me.”
Properly rebuked, the engineer salutes smartly, then turns to Jack and the others. “I apologize for my behavior, and will endeavor to correct it.”
Jack nods, but he and the others say nothing further.
Captain Orin has questions. Walking straight to Jack, he asks, “How did you get aboard my ship?”
Jack does not answer because he does not know. The last thing he remembers was holding the dying Laz in his arms. There was a flash of light, the feeling of freezing temperatures, and then waking in this strange place. His mind is still reeling at the sight of Brujah, Mayani, and the Captain.
“I…We were outside, on a beach. My friend did something, there was a flash of light, and now we’re here. That’s all I know.”
Detecting no deception in the humans’ voice, Orin assesses the situation, speedily weighing all the variables and recalling the Roshido Code. “Since you are aboard my ship, you are under my protection. I do not know what is going to happen once we reach the Gloriana, but I promise you will come to no harm if I can help it.”
The strangeness of a talking robot and being on a spaceship is overwhelming, but through the haze of disorientation, the conviction in the automatons’ voice rings true.
Nodding at the Captain, Jack turns to Daisy and Jason. “I don’t know why, but Laz wanted us on that beach, and now we’re here.” He pauses, and turning to Orin says, “I don’t know you Captain, so I have to take you at your word. Understand that these two are under my protection. I don’t want them harmed further.”
Cocking his head to the side in an inquisitive gesture, Orin asks, “Who has harmed you?”
Brujah speaks up, “Sorry, Captain, one of the security bots stunned the big fellah,” nodding at Jason, “when he went to help the attractive female primitive.”
All heads turn towards Brujah for his comment directed towards Daisy. Realizing they are staring at him, he shrugs his armored shoulders. “I’m sorry, the extremely attractive female primitive,” he says, nodding to Daisy with a confident wink as if he corrected an error in decorum.
An uncomfortable silence follows briefly. Orin realizes correcting the engineer again is pointless. “Brujah, don’t you have duties to attend elsewhere?”
Seeing no fault in his words or actions, Brujah salutes the Captain, drops down to all fours, and then trundles off the bridge.
“I’m sorry for him. He’s young, and his species have an overdeveloped sense of importance. He’s a good engineer. I apologize for one of my security personnel stunning you. I will seek out and correct the threat assessment software error later.” The last comment was for Jason, who accepts the apology.
“What happens next?” Daisy asks.
Turning to face her, he makes introductions. “My name is Captain Orin. This,” he says, pointing, “is Mayani Achabari, my co-pilot and avionics expert. You’ve met engineer Brujah.”
“I’m Daisy, this is Jason,” she says, nodding to the large man, “and that’s Jack.”
“An honor to meet you, Daisy, Jason, and Jack.” Returning to the command throne, Orin presses a few buttons on the armrest, changing the main view screens display. “Next, we will arrive here, the grand flagship, Gloriana.”
To call it a ship would be an understatement. It is a titanic gothic cathedral, striding upon a protracted gun platform, massive in scale and deceptively pious outwardly. The menace radiating off the ship is a tangible thing.
“Upon arrival, we will need to reactivate the stasis collars. Otherwise, the security personnel aboard the Gloriana may react poorly, and I do not wish there to be violence. I will accompany you, and we will determine how best to get you back to your home planet.”
At the mention of returning to Earth, Jack balks, shaking his head. “I’m sorry, Captain, but go back to Earth? Your people are attacking the surface, getting ready to harvest the children. What makes you think we’ll be going anywhere with you, or that your commanders will return us to the surface?”
The tension in the room goes up several notches.
“Blasphemy! The Maker’s holy mission is one of peace and enlightenment. How dare you slander his grand Crusade?!” Mayani shouts as she stands, pointing an accusatory finger at Jack.
Orin shoots the subordinate a stern look, silencing her. She sits back down, waiting for him to issue a command. The security robots around the room are on active standby, scanning, and ready to intervene should a threat arise.
A tingling sensation in Jack draws his attention. Looking down, he can make out the first light in the sequence on his chest has locked to the ‘on’ position. The second light in the series is pulsing dimly. He can feel his powers, slowly returning, and chooses to see what the Captain decides before acting.
What none of them can know is the compartmentalization of information amongst the Crusade fleet has left nearly everyone in the dark about the Maker’s actual plans. Most of those conscripted to the Crusade believe they are doing holy work, or at the very least, helping more primitive races by bringing them under the protection of the Crusade. Orin, a rare exception amongst the fleet, has a different understanding. He remembers the attack on his home planet and recognizes the truth in Jack’s words. Harvesting children? No, this cannot be; there must be some mistake, some fault in the language processing serum. If it’s true, I cannot be a part of this. The horror of such a thing is beyond his sensibilities, but not beyond belief.
Deciding he must get to the bottom of this awful mystery, Orin tells Jack and the others, “I will accompany you with a security force. Under my protection, we will get answers to this misunderstanding.” Turning back to the co-pilot, “Mayani, you will stay here with Brujah until I return.”
Satisfied with her Captain’s handling of the situation, but still seething, Mayani concedes and focuses her attention on docking with the Gloriana.
“Captain, this is a mistake. We have to help the people still down there,” Jack pleads.
Shaking his head, Orin explains the situation so they can better understand their shared predicament. “We are all being escorted to the flagship. If we break off, we will be fired upon by the entire fleet, and the Endurance will not survive. For better or worse, our paths are joined, and we are committed to this course.” Even as he says the words, the massive ship dominates the view screen, the scale of it awe-inspiring to behold. As time passes, even more details of the vessel’s accurate size become apparent, and the scope of the Captain’s words sink in.
As they begin to dock, Orin comments, “For what it is worth, I hope you are wrong, Jack.”

The Gloriana
The Seneschal has been with the crusade fleet since the beginning. He had a name, forgotten long ago, and now simply goes by his title. He is an immortal with vast knowledge, albeit a myopic concrete view of the universe and how it should be run.
To say the Seneschal is a fanatic is an understatement. Having himself been saved from oblivion by the Black Promise, he understands his role to be one of massive importance: the support of one of the divine creator’s chosen, a Praetorian. Commander of the flagship, born of the flesh of the Maker, it is said to be a beautiful creature, grand in stature and power. What they look like now is anyone’s guess. The Praetorian’s form can only be approximated from the bulky outline, entombed in a massive, armored command throne, forty meters tall.
Long ago, the Praetorian had walked the halls of the grand ship, the Seneschal at his side carrying out his every whim and noting every word. It had been an epoch since the Great Schism, in which the Gloriana had fought to defend the Maker against foul aliens trying to subvert the empire. The Praetorian had been wounded and took to using his command throne for extended periods of time. Isolated in the sarcophagus for hours, then days, and finally indefinitely, the duties of ship maintenance and Crusade efforts fell to the Seneschal. Seen as a great honor, and further proof of the Maker’s divine plan, the Seneschal took to his duties with vigor and vim. The last time any being on the Gloriana saw the Praetorian out of the command throne is beyond memory. And now, he sits immobile, living and watching silently as the Crusade tirelessly carries out its holy mission.
Presently, the Seneschal reads from a section of a favorite book on the subject of the Maker’s divine nature. One of the many cyborgs from the communications pit approaches the command dais, waiting to be acknowledged.
After several minutes the Seneschal puts down the tome. “Speak.”
Fundamentally insane and given carte blanche rule over the ship since the Praetorian was self-interred, the Seneschal has grown more twisted and evil as time passed. The crew does everything they can to avoid his attention.
The underling trembles visibly with the effort to speak. “Lord Seneschal, we have a strange report from one of the smaller fleet tenders. A group of three beings from the planet’s surface appeared in one of the ship’s cargo holds. They were captured and are being held by the Captain of the vessel.”
Violent images flood the Seneschal’s twisted mind, wondering how many components the servant can be broken down into while remaining alive. A memory floats through his psychotic mind, bringing with it the sensation of fanatical zeal and righteous vindication, And the Abomination will appear as mist, or a trick of the light, its comings and goings a mystery. The quote is a part of a treatise of prophecies from the Maker’ oracle, which the Seneschal has committed to memory. Every single scrap of lore and knowledge surrounding the Maker is known to the Seneschal. Why this prophetic recollection comes to mind does not matter. The creature latches onto the idea and hurriedly asks the cyborg messenger, “Where is the ship now?!”
“My Seneschal…” a grim voice rumbles throughout the bridge. All activity stops, and all present listen with expectant awe, for the Praetorian has spoken. The audio pickups in the command throne allow the creature within to hear the news of the mysterious strangers aboard one of the fleet ships. The being has not spoken in decades to the crew or the Seneschal. His deep voice booms out of hidden audio components strategically placed around the bridge, “…bring the prisoners directly to me.” Several ocular sensors, previously dark, now glow a dull red in the helm of the Praetorian’s armored form.
“Your will, my lord…” the servant says without thinking. It is an unforgivable breach in the protocol to speak before the Seneschal. Fearing reprisal, the menial freezes in place and waits. The Praetorian does not seem to notice and speaks no further commands.
Mind and heart racing at hearing the Praetorian’s voice after so long, the Seneschal bows deeply. “Thank you for this duty, lord.” Without looking, a bladed hand swipes out, decapitating the messenger for its insolence. All those closest to the command dais avert their gaze. The entire bridge is still stunned at hearing the Praetorian’s voice. Some among them have long wondered if he was alive inside the armor or if, perhaps, they have all been following the orders of a long-dead demi-god. The voice and several indicator lights blinking to life over the dark armored form disprove this theory instantaneously. Word spreads quickly through the ship and the fleet. The Praetorian has awoken.
An official missive is sent to the Endurance ordering them to the Gloriana. Several small gun cutters are dispatched to follow and provide escort. Something like this has never happened to Captain Orin or his ship.
As the Endurance finishes docking, Orin activates a communicator. “Brujah,”
There is a click from the internal speakers as the engineer responds from deep within the bowels of the ship, “Captain?”
“I want Endurance prepped for emergency G drive jump. Transfer and upload as many data cores as you can while we are aboard.”
“Acknowledged Captain, Brujah out.”
The Endurance’s air recyclers link with the flagship, and immediately an awful cloying smell, something rotting and vile, starts filtering into the air. Choking down the scent, Jack, Daisy, and Jason are escorted through the umbilical corridor connecting the two ships. The passageway of the Endurance is gleaming and sterile. When the airlock on the other end cycles to open, the full force of the corrupt foulness strikes the senses. Jason doubles over, retching at the smell. Jack, still weakened, falls to his knees, overwhelmed by the stink. Only Daisy keeps her balance and maintains an outward air of calm, although inwardly, she feels panic rising at the sight before her. Where the Endurance is pristine and well lit, the Gloriana is the opposite. Before them lies a stygian corridor marked with awful sigils, filled with suffused red lighting glowing from the walls, highlighting the detritus littering the companionway. Orin can register the change in atmosphere and feels unease. Why is the flagship so foul? It is supposed to be regal and stately, and at the very least clean. As the group regains their composure, the Captain and his security entourage hesitantly move from the umbilical passageway into the flagship proper.
A trio of beings greets them. Two massive tracked cyborgs bristling with energy weapons and bladed limbs are led by a third figure. The Seneschal is not much to look at, hooded in a dark robe, slender of build, standing eight feet tall. What is disturbing about the creature, and more intimidating than the security cyborgs, is the insane gaze of two gleaming eyes and an overlarge mouth full of multiple rows of teeth. The Seneschal casts a crazed look over Captain Orin, who is not the least bit intimidated. The prisoners look like blurry boxy shapes, surrounded by a half dozen security robots from the Endurance.
“Captain, you may leave now. I’ll escort the prisoners to the command bridge.”
Orin processes this only a moment before responding, “Negative, my instructions were to deliver these prisoners to the Praetorian directly.”
Bristling at Orin’s tone, the Seneschal quietly starts devising how the sentient automaton will die later. Plastering an ugly toothed smile across his face he says, “Of course, Captain, I’m glad to see you take your duties seriously.” With that, the Seneschal turns on his heel and starts walking. Orin, the prisoners, and the security cadre all follow, the two gruesome cyborgs bringing up the rear.
After traveling along the companionway for a time, a massive space opens. Enormous, powered lifter platforms ring the walls and move throughout the interior of the ship. Most appear damaged or in disrepair from neglect. They find a lift in working order, and after a few moments of study, Orin commands it to take them to the bridge. With a loud clunk and squealing of gears in need of lubricant, it moves outward, then slowly spirals upward into the darkness of the space. The red glow of lighting can be seen highlighting various bays. Some hold nothing, while others are overflowing with metal crates and drums. Still others are entirely dark, with only the outline of things skulking in the gloom and the glow of crimson eyes. The wrongness of the place has Jason worried. He tries to push against the shimmering field around him, finding he can only walk forward, unable to deviate from his course. Jack is at a loss as to where they are and what is going on. Daisy, also unable to move freely, mentally prepares for a fight, her body tight with tension.
As they journey, Orin struggles silently. Where is the crew? Why all the darkness, and what are those creatures. None of this makes logical sense. With a thought, he keys the security retinue to alert status—gleaming halberds pulse with a dull blue glow as their internal power packs prime for battle. The blank eyes of the automatons switch from green to tactical yellow. The group of robots actively sets to scanning the environs as the lift travels onward.
The group arrives at the command level. Illuminated markers lead to the bridge proper. The walkways are massive, twenty yards across. More crew appear, hunched over awkward humanoids cloaked in rags. Their skin is covered in tattoos or ritual scarification—the low hum of inhuman chanting and the sickly smell in the air redoubles in intensity. Arriving at the bridge, a set of massive blast doors bars the groups’ path. To either side of the gateway, two armored warriors stand at attention. Seeing the Seneschal, the guard on the left promptly leans down and types a few keys into the console in the wall. The sound of cycling mechanisms fills the air as the blast doors open and secreted defensive measures in the walls power down.
The bridge is cyclopean in scale. Heavily truncated cabling bolted to the walls provides power for the multitude of workstations. Massive pits hold dozens of underlings and cyborgs, quietly maintaining the myriad of systems necessary to keep the Gloriana operating. A dull red glow suffuses everything. The green and electric blue monitors highlight some of the creatures’ faces. The visages of the crew are awful things of a nightmare; terrors ripped from a thousand worlds and twisted to resemble the malice at the heart of the flagship.
At the approximate center of the bridge stands an enormous command throne, sixty meters tall. The creature within is hardwired to the chair and systems of the ship. Appearing as an immense armored statue, no one, not even the Seneschal, knows what the Praetorian has changed into since being entombed so long ago. Slowly, the armor begins to retract, revealing the demi-god within. The bridge crew averts their eyes. However, the bravest steal glances as the ancient suit of armor retracts. Steam escapes, lights blink on and off, the sound of metal scraping and rusted gears moving fills the space.
The creature within savors the sensation of the air touching its exposed skin. Slowly the Praetorian leans forward, still partially entombed from the waist down, revealing a chimera. Scaled black skin covers scarred thick muscles. A giant head, like a lion, covered in dark fur and dominated by blazing feline eyes, sits atop a humanoid torso. Four arms ending in avian talons support twin skeletal wings sprouting from an armored back. Broken and wasted from disuse, the wings creak and crack, as they unfurl upwards over the Denizen’s shoulders. The awful mouth, full of fangs, smiles down at the group beneath it. “Thank you, my Seneschal, and welcome, Captain of the Endurance.”
Orin’s mind reels, This isn’t right. The Crusade conquered my world, and afterward, they left my people alone. I’ve always done my duty, but this thing is wrong.
Information is guarded amongst the crusade forces. One small ship, such as Endurance, would never know precisely what the Crusade was doing on the worlds it visited. Orin has never questioned this; he had seen it as his duty to his people. The last he saw of his remaining family was decades ago, long had been his service. He has studied all he could about the empire which sponsored the Crusade, but most of the information is restricted to quasi-religious texts and heavily redacted historical accounts. The only study of interest that keeps Orin busy is astronomy. Piloting a ship through the cosmos had been a dream of his, and now, conscripted to the Crusade, he spends most of his time studying celestial bodies and phenomena, content with his lot.
Regarding Orin for a few more moments, the Praetorian comments out of hand, “Seneschal, how long has it been since we conquered these…” nodding towards the robot captain, “…automatons?”
The Seneschal, smiling wickedly answers, “Ages sire, nearly twenty thousand years.”
Orin’s mind whirs, racing at this new information. “That is…that’s incorrect.”
The Praetorian lets out an awful laugh. “I see they are still a proud species. How many do we still have in service?”
“This unit is one of the last Lord, and its memory has had to be purged many times since the original inception date.” The underling answers.
Not understanding what is happening, Orin breaks with protocol, “I…I apologize, Lord, what are you talking about? I have been in service for approximately 77 years.”
With a bellow of laughter, the Praetorian shakes its chimeric head in amusement. “Seneschal, explain to this android what is happening,”
The second in command relishes the suffering of other sentient species, and the automatons are exquisite in their torment. Functionally immortal, they need only be refueled and repaired, and will keep going indefinitely. “You and your kind were conquered over four thousand years ago. Since then only 0.002% of the original levy from your world have survived the glorious service of the Maker. When one of your kind, such as now, for instance, becomes too self-aware, we simply extricate the recent data cores, effectively resetting your internal perception of time. You think you have been in service for seventy-seven years, but you have been here since the beginning. This Crusade force promised to release you, and return you to your home world, but we found this a more efficient solution.”
Orin’s internal processors are close to critically overheating. He searches his memory cores for any fragments of old data. What he finds terrifies him. Fragmented portions of memory, hidden deep within, provide some evidence of truth to what the Seneschal has revealed. He always assumed the data fragments were random artifacts.
“Why tell me this now?” The calm even tone of his electronic voice rises several decibels as systems go from passive guard to active threat mode. With a thought command, the security retinue protocols elevate to combat ready, their electronic eyes changing from yellow to crimson.
The Praetorian, old by any standard, also has a fragmented mind due to its advanced age, previous injuries from battle, and side effects of the process that went into creating him. “It amuses me, seeing you suffer. You, a speck of sentient metal, which my father allows to exist. The old man’s foolish decision still baffles me.”
At the mention of the Maker, and the implied slight, the Seneschal balks. The Maker is his, and many others’, God. For the Praetorian to speak, even remotely, ill of Him is anathema to everything the Seneschal believes in.
Deciding to move things along, Orin removes the restraining fields on Jason and Daisy first; Jack’s restraining field malfunctions and gives him delay. The massive Praetorian regards the two humans as bugs, a look of disgust and hunger forming on its monstrous features.
Finally, removing Jack’s stasis field, the young man’s face is revealed. The Praetorian’s mind stalls for a moment. Then its whole body bolts upward, several of the support cables still attached tearing skin. “ABOMINATION!” it bellows. The Seneschal is mortified and excited. His earlier assumptions about the nature of the prisoners are correct. Vindicated, he believes himself chosen to act as a divine sword and shield against the abomination.
The other devoted believers on the bridge take up the chant of “ABOMINATION!” More security enters from side antechambers and detaches from arming alcoves set into the walls. All manner of twisted beasts, replete with cybernetic augmentations, surrounds the group—one of the warriors charges towards Jack to restrain him. Daisy intervenes, tripping them up and causing them to stumble. Jason’s inner beast rises quickly to the surface. Body swelling and eyes bleeding to black, he picks up the closest cybernetic security thing and tosses it like a rag doll.
Regaining its mental footing, the Praetorian struggles to extricate itself from its armored throne. Thrashing, terrible talons rapidly slice cables free. In its hurry, it tears ragged chunks from its body. With a pull of its hooved leg, it disengages the last of the throne’s vestiges and steps roughly forward. The behemoth’s appendage stomps down. The weight of the ancient creature mars and crushes a portion of the metal decking.
Orin’s security retinue goes on the attack. Internal mechanisms whine up to speed as servo actuators spool up for action. The robot guards leap towards the Praetorian. Impossibly fast, it swipes out a clawed hand, destroying them before they can land a single blow. Their shattered remains rain down around the command dais. One of their charged halberds falls near Daisy’s feet. Without hesitating, she picks the weapon up and takes a defensive posture. Part of the training Donnie was able to impart to her included weapons. Sparring sessions with the daibo staff come back to her. She wards off a nasty-looking thing with a multi-tracked lower section and four ugly cybernetic arms. The drone comes roaring up, barking at her with an insane mechanical voice, “For the Maker!” It lunges, trying to grab Daisy. She dodges left, keeping Jack protected. Jason roars, bounding around the circular command dais, destroying any drones or fanatic beasts that come close.
Amid the unfolding chaos, the lights all over the ship flicker momentarily. A darkened section towards the rear of the command deck blinks dully with illumination, distracting the Praetorian’s attention. The titanic chimera turns and bellows at someone yet unseen, “This is the end Lunarium, the abomination has come, and you have made your last mistake by challenging me!” Laughing, saliva sputtering out, and the injuries from the command chair now healed, it looks down at the huddled defenders. “And look, this is what the Maker feared, this pathetic creature! It’s nothing more than fodder for the Ancient Ones.”
Again, the Praetorian’s words grate against the bedrock of the Seneschal’s faith. Struggling to contain its rage, the fanatic decides to see how this scene unfolds, allowing the will of the Maker to let itself be known.
No longer seeing Jack and the others as the biggest threat, the towering monster stomps off towards the rear of the command deck, and the cause of the ship’s faltering power. If the ship’s power is interrupted, even for a short period, the entire fleet could be stranded indefinitely.
Ignoring Orin is a mistake. Taunting him by revealing the awful truth of his service pushes the robot captain over the limit. He straightens, raising an arm, and holds out an open palm towards the Praetorian’s back. A second later, a blinding white lance of energy erupts from the palm and sears a hole through the monsters’ huge thigh. Roaring, the beast crashes forward, the bulk of it set to crush whatever it falls on. Its minions are close to overrunning the defenders.
The second of the small glowing lights in the key embedded in Jack’s chest stabilizes and glows brightly for a moment. Having recharged to the second level, it allows him to access more of his powers.
“Stop,” he whispers. Time stops on the command deck. Jack walks to Daisy touching her shoulder gently, allowing her to move in time with him. Mid-shout she comes down hard on a stationary drone still trapped in time. The thing disintegrates beneath the force of the blow. Staggering forward slightly from the momentum, she turns quickly and catches herself, “What the hell?”
Jack gives a small smile, “It’s complicated…” Walking to Jason, he places a hand on the larger man, bringing him back to time’s average pace. Jason finishes ripping a cyborg in half and looks around for another thing to destroy. Seeing Daisy calms the inner beast, and he comes back to himself. The black bleeds from his eyes, and his body visibly shrinks in size, but only slightly. What he does not know is that every time he gets closer to losing himself to the Denizen within, he will grow incrementally in magnitude. He looks questioningly to Daisy, who can only shrug and nod to Jack as if to explain what is happening.
“Don’t touch anything, you’ll destroy it,” Jack says matter of factly, before walking towards the rear of the command deck. As he passes Orin, he pauses. Jack heard what the Captain was told about being enslaved. He did fire upon the Praetorian. Deciding to trust the automaton, Jack touches Orin on the shoulder. Released from time's grasp, he instantly assesses the surroundings. Lowering the still glowing palm, he stares at Jack. Electronic eyes are whirring rapidly, trying to understand what is happening. “Time is…stopped. But that’s not possible.”
Jack shrugs at the assessment. “And yet here we are. Don’t touch anything. You’ll demolish it.”
Rapidly computing all available information, Orin feels something he has not felt in a long time, fear, a growing terror of the human named Jack. The voice of Mayani comes back to him from deep within his memory banks, The destroyer will come, and the immutable laws of the universe will hold no sway over him.
“If you are the abomination written about by the Maker, why don’t you just destroy me?”
Jack shrugs again. “Not everything you’ve heard about me is true. I don’t know what I am, but I promise I’m not here to hurt you.”
Orin nods, honor and duty long ingrained into him. Recognizing the human is not the immediate threat, but still unsure, he maintains a cautionary stance.
No means of detecting Jack’s most potent ability exists, because he is the first being in the universe to possess it. This simple fact is what allowed him to overcome the Praetorian with such ease. If the monster had known what he could accomplish, it would have destroyed him instantly.
Jack walks past the Praetorian, still locked in time, and sees what the beast is going after. Behind the suspended chimeric monstrosity, is a curtain of red fog. Within the murk, there is an outline of something alive. With a thought from Jack, the time within the red mist begins moving at an average pace. Immediately, an undulating cry fills the air, full of anguished torment. The creature within can reach out with its mind; Help me, it begs weakly. The sound of clanking chains and the soft beeps of a series of feeding tubes and monitors keeping it barely alive fills the space.
A shimmer in the air separates the red fog from the rest of the bridge. Jack passes effortlessly through the shimmering air, and his skin begins to burn. Cursing silently, he looks upwards and sees bright angry lighting in the ceiling. Moving quickly, he goes to the creature in chains. The being is diminished in stature, most of its bulk made up of wicked-looking augmetics and medical devices. If it were to stand on its hind legs, it would measure three meters tall. But the creature cannot rise. Its feet and hands are surgically removed. Its mouth and eyes are sutured shut. A horror to witness, the anguish and despair radiating from it is a physical force. Jack reaches out and lays a gentle hand on the thing’s twisted arm, causing it to startle and jerk awkwardly. The chains rattle loudly as it panics.
“Wait,” he says calmly, reaching down to the bonds. Not understanding the words, but reading his surface thoughts, the creature stills. Jack grips the chains bolted to the deck. With ease, the metal disintegrates, and he delicately removes the rest of the restraints, not wanting to cause any undue harm.
Free, the creature crawls quickly forward, crying out and mewling in agony, wanting only to escape the pain of the red fog. Its skin is raw and angry red from the tormenting lights. Its bald head twitches to and fro with pained breathing. Once outside the torturous chamber, the pain of the lights ceases. The creature collapses to the cold metal deck, tubes and wires trailing behind it still connected. Where its eyes should be, swollen scar tissue weeps bloody tears down an elongated face. The rest of the countenance consists of a charred and blackened beak. It cannot understand why its torment has ended. The being has known the pain of this existence for an age.
“The pain, too much pain, please make it stop.” Again, it reaches out to Jack’s mind begging for an end to its torment. Jason and Daisy have come closer. Seeing the disfigured mutilated form, she weeps and falls to her knees. Jason feels only cold denial at the horror before him. He knows pain, but nothing close to what this poor thing has endured. Orin is equally shocked at the sight of the pathetic creature.
Jack’s mind cannot begin to fathom why this being has been treated so wrongly. He kneels, focuses on the power within, and gently touches the ruined flesh with both hands. Where he caresses, the skin heals—the creature murmurs in amazement at a new sensation. Concentrating, Jack feels his diminished power like another appendage travel along the ruined things body, healing and rebuilding. Within moments, where there had been a broken wretch, now stands on two taloned feet, a magnificent creature. Its scabby scarred skin is healed and covered in the most exquisite white down. Delicate hands regrow from ugly stumps. From its shoulders, twin blossoms of mountainous feathers erupt and unfurl, revealing beatific wings covered in silver feathers. Jack looks up, deep into the creature’s new eyes. Scar tissue and cataracts gone, almond-shaped orbs of swirling golden light gaze back at him. Where there should have been pain and anger over its mistreatment, the being’s eyes hold only serenity.
“Who are you?” he asks.
The creature cocks its head. “I am Lunarium.” The words whisper like music through the minds of all those present. Restored and healed, even Orin can hear the being’s voice in his digital mind. It is the most beautiful thing he has ever heard.
“Lunarium,” repeating the name aloud, “I am Jack.”
“We know who you are, Jack.”
Confusion crosses his face, “How do you. . . no, wait. You said ‘we.’ Who is ‘we’? And how do you know who I am?”
Lunarium looks around at its surroundings, marveling at its new hands and feet. It has been an epoch since it had the opportunity to walk. With some hesitation, it takes an unsteady step forward. An overwhelming feeling of amazement and wonder towards the creature fills all those present. Of all the ugliness they have seen aboard this foul ship, Lunarium is achingly beautiful.
Jack waits while the angelic creature takes a few tentative steps, her movements quickly becoming more fluid and graceful. With the agility of a dancer, she inspects her rescuers. Lunarium looks long at the titanic figure of the falling Praetorian, its lifelong tormentor and captor, still frozen in time. She feels only forgiveness and pity for the blind ignorance the behemoth holds in its demented heart.
Jack can feel no malice from the angelic creature. Seeing her staring at the Denizen, Jack approaches and, reaching out, he touches the Praetorian on the exposed hindquarters with an open palm. The touch is delicate, and soon, light emanates from the young man and flows outward. Focusing on the titanic creature, he releases it from time’s frozen grasp. The terrible monster's back arches as the light travels throughout its chimeric form. The Praetorian’s eyes fill with a golden glow, and its body begins to transform. What was once a towering devil, quickly reduces in size, the excess sloughing off as discarded white ash. Finishing the transformation, all that remains is the figure of a tall, strong man.
The man collapses to hands and knees as the light goes out of his eyes, the healing touch having finished its work. From the cold metal of the deck, the reformed Praetorian looks up at Lunarium, breathing heavily and sobbing, “Please forgive me.” He crawls to her in humble obeisance, understanding of its horrific actions coming in a moment of awakening. The weight of regret and shame is almost unbearable. He had once been a great and noble being. But with the passing of time and the never-ending Crusade, evil festered and grew in his heart. After being injured in the Great Schism, he allowed self-pity and helplessness to consume him, turning him into a beast. Now, with body, mind, and soul healed, he realizes so many things.
Naked, he stands and turns to face Jack.
Daisy and Jason give audible gasps. By all accounts, the Praetorian and Jack appear to be the same person outwardly. The same shape of the jaw, eyes, chin, nose, and even their builds are too closely alike to be a coincidence. Shocked, Jack stands motionless.
Nodding his head in understanding, the Praetorian answers the unasked question, “Your father, he looked like me, did he not?”
Jack shakes his head. “I never saw his face, I assumed…”
“Don’t assume, listen, and hear me. Your father and I were made from the flesh of the…” hesitating to say it aloud, disgusted by his actions “…Maker. We were created in His image, exact copies. He gave us these fleets and the tools to enact his will.”
Jack’s mind whirls, trying to understand, and put the pieces together.
It is Orin, with his massive computing power that deduces it first. “You’re a clone,” he announces.
The Praetorian nods. “And the Maker’s one rule was that none of his sons could have children of their own,” he says, looking at Jack.
“And now I understand why. You are not an abomination, forgive me.” He drops to a knee, head lowering in supplication, as he silently begs for forgiveness.
“You were led astray, and now you can make it right,” Lunarium’s voice intones.
“I don’t, I don’t understand any of this,” Jack says, shaking his head, and looking around confused.
Filling in the gaps in the religious texts and mountains of propaganda, Orin hazards a calculated guess, “The Maker did not want his clones to reproduce because he must have feared the outcome. That self-proclaimed god fears you, Jack; what you can do, and what you represent.”
“What does he represent?” Jason asks.
Before Orin could answer, Jack feels an overwhelming sensation of fatigue and nausea assail him. Knees buckling, he falls to the metal decking as his control over time wavers. Rapidly, starting nearest to where he falls, time begins moving at a normal pace. Numerous cyborgs and crew are caught off guard, disoriented by the change on the bridge. The Seneschal comes back to standard time and takes a few moments to process what he is seeing. Where once stood the glorious form of the Praetorian, now there is only a man. His insane mind, fervent with religious import, makes a critical decision. “Praetorian? What have they done to you?”
Seeing the intense gaze of his Seneschal, he answers confidently, “They’ve freed and restored me.”
Shaking with building rage, the Seneschal charges forward, a staff of office held out in front like a pike, aiming at Jack, “ABOMINATION! You have destroyed the Praetorian.” Keying off the Seneschal, the security cyborgs all surge forward.
“Stop.” The Praetorian’s voice is calm and in control. All the cyborgs come to an abrupt halt. Even the Seneschal, with his years of psycho-conditioning and programming, cannot disobey a direct order from him. Struggling against the command, the Seneschal groans with frustration.
“They have poisoned you! Taken away the gifts of the Maker and made you weak! Let me help you, lord!” the Seneschal bellows, spittle and froth erupting from his mouth like a rabid animal. Through the immense mental conditioning, the zealot rallies, reciting all the holy litanies he can recall. As thoughts scream through his mind, the Seneschal begins to break through the Praetorian’s hold. Staggering, he falls to one knee, reciting holy doctrines in the hopes the Maker’s words will set him free. The truth of the matter is far worse. The Seneschal’s mind has eroded so much over the years that the original psycho-conditioning preventing him from ever disobeying the Praetorian has fractured. Like a massive dam holding back tremendous waters, the cracks and fissures begin to grow.
The Praetorian, seeing an opportunity to right some of his wrongs, rushes to the ruined command throne. None of the crew move to stop him; all watch as the ship systems idle in the background. He retrieves a command wand from the inner reaches. Using the rod, he deftly takes command of Gloriana’s formidable armaments. Gun decks come alive, weapons ports open, and massive munitions begin rumbling on cyclopean carriages towards loading crews. Energy lances and close-range defensive guns all come online, tracking for threats as he orders the ship to a high orbit defensive posture in relation to the rest of the fleet.
Looking back to Jack and the group, the Praetorian nods to Orin. “You have to get …” pausing to look at Lunarium, “…all of them out of here, and somewhere safe.”
“What are you doing?” Daisy asks.
The deck beneath their feet thrums with power, as the engines of the ship strain to follow the rapid commands for movement. Through the massive view glass of the command deck, the stars change, and a portion of Earth appears briefly as the ship moves into position. The Praetorian gives a dashing yet haunted smile to Daisy and the others. “I’m ending this.” Entering a final sequence, the gun crews begin targeting the rest of the fleet.
“NOOOO!” The Seneschal cries out from the floor. Pushing against the mental bonds, something finally snaps. Similar to a stroke or an aneurism, the mind of the Seneschal gives in to pressure and breaks free. Being driven further to madness, the second in command staggers to his feet, leaning heavily on his staff of office. He draws a strange hand weapon from beneath his robes with practiced ease. Faster than anyone can react, the Seneschal fires the exotic gun striking the Praetorian full-on in the torso. Black barbs pierce exposed flesh, and poison quickly takes hold.
The idle security cyborgs snap to action, powering towards the Seneschal, poised to end his life. Having planned for such a contingency years ago, he built an override into the cyborgs slaved to the Praetorian. Depressing a hidden button on his staff, the cyborgs power down. The few security personnel not slaved continue forward; the Seneschal puts them down quickly. The rest of the bridge crew hesitate to act. Seeing a moment of opportunity the Seneschal cries out, “See how this abomination has come upon us and reduced our glorious Praetorian to this.” He points to the dying man, oblivious to his responsibility. “Look at what the abomination has done! Our beloved master is preparing to fire on the fleet, his mind driven to madness. I only seek to end his suffering and return him to the Maker.”
Confusion spreads quickly amongst the crew. None of them has a good vantage of what occurred on the command dais. Only just coming back to the regular flow of time, many are confused and shocked to see the once towering Praetorian gone. Now, some man claiming to be the Praetorian is ordering them to attack their fleet, sowing more confusion. The wrath and fervor of the Seneschal is a reluctantly welcome reassurance. The Seneschal has been with them since the beginning, the Praetorian’s right hand. And now, he is screaming the intruders have taken their holy leader away. The crew’s confusion, fear of reprisal, and the fact that most of them are also passionate zealots make the choice easy to accept. The crowd slowly, disjointedly at first, rush to try to regain control of the ship. Very few crew members protest and those that do are quickly, brutally put down by their peers. Chaos on the command deck reigns as the Gloriana begins firing on the rest of the fleet.
Munitions the size of small mountains, plasma lances capable of reducing ships to smoldering wreckage with a glancing blow, and hundreds of other weapons batteries open up in full. The noise and vibrations of the attack fill the command deck, further adding to the general confusion and chaos.
The Praetorian, poisoned but not yet defeated, staggers around and charges the Seneschal. Dying and slowed, the Seneschal knocks the Praetorian to the decking with ease. Straightening for the killing blow, the Seneschal stands over him. Out of nowhere, Daisy comes from behind, sweeping his legs. The fiend tumbles, but with a surprising amount of ability, deftly breaks the fall, rolls, and comes up swinging his staff in a vicious arc aimed at taking Daisy’s head off. Just before the fatal blow lands, a pitch-black hand of muscle stops the weapon mid-air. The sudden stop jars the Seneschal, and he staggers, falling backward.
Jason, a massive shadowy figure of pure muscle, stares menacingly down at him. Seeing Daisy almost killed allowed him to reach deep within and call upon his inner monster. Now, towering over the Seneschal, Jason takes a booming step forward. Still holding the Seneschal’s staff, he flexes his hand and splinters the weapon with ease. Backpedaling quickly away from the command dais, the Seneschal retreats, screaming for more security to save him. Jason moves to follow, but a gentle hand on his tree trunk sized forearm halts him. He turns sharply and sees Daisy, who says, “We have to get Jack out of here.” Pausing momentarily to wrestle with his inner monster, he nods in understanding.
While Jason deals with the Seneschal, Jack and Lunarium go to the Praetorian’s side. Orin is speaking rapidly into his command link. “We’re on our way, prepare for emergency release, and don’t draw attention to yourselves.”
The dying demi-god lays on the deck as the poison spreads quickly through his body. “Go now. Lunarium can guide you. Go.” His eyes flutter shut, and he struggles to breathe.
Jack tries to call on his inner power to save the Praetorian, but it will not come. He looks to Lunarium for help. Sensing his need, she explains what has happened, “The Seneschal gave him a concentrated dose of the Black Promise, there is nothing to be done.”
The Praetorian hears Lunarium’s pronouncement, and with tears in his eyes, he begs, “Please, don’t let me become a monster again.” Shakily he reaches into the detritus around him, finds a jagged-edged piece of metal, and forces it into Jack’s hands. “…Please.”
Understanding, the young man nods. He places the pointed end of the metal against the Praetorian’s chest. With as much strength as he can muster, Jack forces the point through the dying man’s flesh. The wound opens easily. The poison changing the Praetorian’s body has not finished its ugly work yet, and he smiles weakly as the life leaves him.
The utter chaos of the bridge continues around them. Other ships in the fleet are being destroyed. Some are fighting back, their armaments now being felt as dull impacts against Gloriana’s outer hull. The bright flash of energy-weapon discharges arcs blindingly across the view screen glass of the command deck. Amongst the many crew stations of the bridge, there is still infighting. Numerous terminals erupt in sparks, fire, and smoke as they overload from incoming weapons fire striking critical areas. There are no other ships relatively close to the tonnage of Gloriana. She is an old dam and has been in service to the Maker since the outset of the Crusade. She weathers the volley of return fire with dogged determination. Slowly, the bridge crew regains control and ceases the firing of their guns.
Seeing the distraction caused by the Praetorian, Orin takes control, grabbing Jack by the arm and pulling him to his feet. “We have to go, now.”
Looking to Daisy and Jason, still in his massive black muscled form, they nod their understanding and follow Orin as he leads them through the safest route off the bridge. Before rushing away, the robot captain halts before Lunarium. “Please, come with us.”
The creature blinks its golden eyes slowly, and then dips its head, falling in step with the group as they flee. Jack is weakened from his earlier injuries, the device in his chest still recharging. Two weak solid lights remain on, as the third light in the circuit begins to slowly pulse. The device keeps Jack alive, gradually returning the use of his powers and more to him. Lunarium recognizes the device but decides now is not the time to comment on it. Instead, the creature focuses on avoiding the roving security cyborgs and staying in the center of the group.
Even with the security retinue destroyed, Orin is a formidable foe. Leading with Jason from the front, he can utilize inbuilt offensive systems to dispatch most of the threats as they make it off the bridge and navigate their way back to the Endurance. The few attackers making it past Orin are quickly dispatched by Jason, still in his hulking form. Jack and Lunarium take up the center of the group, while Daisy brings up the rear, the energy halberd she sequestered earlier held defensively in a confident grip. The weapon is well balanced and responsive in her hands. Only once during their journey does she have to dispatch a damaged security cyborg, still trying to claw its way at them.
Once back aboard the Endurance, Orin issues quick commands, “Cut us loose and bring us over the polar regions of the planet. Use the Gloriana for cover.”
Obeying, the mostly robotic crew moves to action.
Feeling the ship shake from the battle raging just outside, Brujah calls from the engine decks, “Captain, who’s firing at us?”
Orin answers, “Charge the light drive now.”
“We’re at full motive power sir, G drive primed and ready for the jump.”
“Well done Engineer Brujah, get yourself strapped in, Orin out.”
Mayani’s long limbs dance over the control terminal. “Captain, the Gloriana is sending out hail on all channels, the fleet Praetorian is dead, and they are calling for…” her voice trails off as her mind refuses to understand what she is reading.
“For what Mayani?”
“…for the capture, or destruction, of the Endurance sir. They say the abomination is on board?” She casts a fearful look towards Jack waiting off to the side.
“Ignore the hails. Get us out of here, now.” Orin orders.
Hesitantly, not understanding why the captives are now free, or who the strange feathered creature they brought back from the Gloriana is, Mayani complies. “So ordered, coming about. Brace for full thruster burn.”
Orin nods his approval, taking a seat in the raised command chair at the center of the small bridge. Typing in rapid commands to the chair’s armrest, he can manipulate the Endurance’s array of shields to protect the stern of the ship. The vessel continues powering up and behind the Gloriana, using its mass to shield their escape. The inertial change as the artificial gravity struggles to maintain an equal gradient is akin to being on a ship at sea as the bow crests a massive wave. The view screens around the bridge display the flagship quickly receding, and the planet beneath rapidly coming closer.
“What are you doing?” Jack asks, struggling to stay on his feet, the feeling of being pressed backward threatening to overwhelm him and the others.
Remembering the new crew members, the captain diverts his attention. “Secure yourselves in those gravity harnesses there,” he commands, pointing towards the starboard wall of the bridge. The group rushes to the chairs and begins strapping themselves in.
“The Praetorian bought us some time, and there’s confusion from the rest of the fleet. It won’t take long for them to retarget their guns and blast us to nothing. We’re going to use the gravity of your planet to slingshot us away from the fleet. To do that, we need to get close enough to the magnetic poles before trying the maneuver.”
From the gravity chair, struggling with one of the many buckles, Jack looks at a nearby view screen at Earth coming screamingly closer every second, “It looks like we’re going to hit!”
Orin’s facial structure allows for the expression of a full range of emotions, both human and otherwise. A wry grin comes over his face as he glances at his co-pilot, “Our guests are worried we’re going to hit the planet, what do you say to that?”
Mayani, focusing on the assortment of control rods and dials before her, grimaces, and answers, “It is a possibility.”
Jack, Daisy, and Jason feel their collective panic rising at hearing this, while Lunarium appears perfectly calm. Orin’s smile broadens as the planet appears almost close enough to touch. As the white northern polar cap looms achingly close, inertia takes over, and the ship turns with a jolt. Pushed into the gravity seats, Jack and the others are glad for the security they offer. They are made of a gel-like material that conforms to their bodies allowing weight to be evenly distributed and suspended as the forces of the maneuver press crushingly against them.
The Captain, body constructed of mostly exotic organic metals, endures the sensation, feeling the exaltation of excitement at the sudden shift in speed and mass as the Endurance successfully slingshots away from the planet below. Moving at incredible speeds, the small ship powers away from the rest of the fleet. In under a minute, the inertial dampeners and artificial gravity return conditions comparable to normal, and a reluctant period of calm falls over the bridge.

Lunarium’s Story
In the sunless lands the stars never shine. A glowing twilight suffuses the barren landscape in all directions. Since the Crusade came, there has been no proper dawn or dusk, only a dismal haze brought on by the fog of war. At mid-day, the twin suns illuminate everything harshly. The strange shapes of burnt vegetation litter the ground. In the distance, the silhouette of a large intact tree is starkly contrasted against the monochromatic landscape.
Lunarium is slight of build, but its footsteps are heavy as they walk. Their species has no gender, however since it recently brought offspring into the world, maternal instincts dominate. The alien figure is a mother to several young ones. She has been hunting for a time out in the bright wilds. Her garb is tattered and dark, covering most of her body. A black patina of dust and ash covers the exposed skin of sandaled feet. A sack made of heavy material is slung over a shoulder. Adorning the sack are numerous wooden and stone fetishes. A solitary crystal, several centimeters in length, dangles amongst the adornments. The warriors will be out soon, and the sky grows dark.
Lunarium arrives home to a structure made from fallen branches lingering in the shadows, under the branches of a great tree. Its bark is like obsidian, with a massive bole around the base. Cut into the bole is a pulley with rope and bucket attached to it. At certain times, the bucket can be lowered into a well beneath the tree. The liquid deep underground provides all the nourishment necessary to sustain life.
The timber provides more than nourishment and shelter. It affords protection. No one, besides the mother and the children, can pass beneath the branches of the tree. If anyone, or anything, tried to cross the invisible boundary, they would fall dead.
Lunarium takes off the pack, setting it down gently. The children happily greet her with beautiful smiles. Running up, she embraces them tenderly, anxious to show what she found while foraging. Life is hard out in the bright wilds, and many do not survive. It is only luck she had found the tree intact, and that it was willing to allow her to take shelter. Perhaps the tree knew she was carrying offspring, even though at the time, she did not.
When the Crusade came to her world, Lunarium was wounded on the battlefield. As the fighting moved on, her injured body was left behind. Bandaging the wounds, she dragged herself in a random direction. Through the smoke and the chaos, constantly terrified of being struck down or maimed, she kept painfully crawling for hours. Beyond exhausted, she eventually came to the base of the dark tree under which she and the children now live. She was too injured and near unconscious to register the danger of the massive arbor. Her species knew the trees were lethal, temperamental things. Waking later under its dark branches, she waited, terrified by the obsidian bark and shadows. However, she quickly realized the unique vegetation had not destroyed her when she had collapsed beneath it. Terror was replaced with tentative optimism. The tree had chosen to give her sanctuary. The air around it began to clear of the smoke of battle, the temperature rose from freezing to a comfortable level, and the ground surrounding a portion of the trunk collapsed in on itself, revealing the well. That had been a long time ago.
The weather was always temperate, and it seldom rained. There were dust storms and fog when the humidity was high, but it did not matter. Nothing could cross the border surrounding them unless the tree allowed it.
Time passed, and Lunarium began to show the signs of impregnation. Realizing she was with child, she began making small trips beyond the safety of the tree, attending to the natural nesting instinct. Sensing the growing life inside of her, the tree responded in kind, the nutritional content of the well changing to match her needs. The children were born on a particularly unique day. It was the rainy season, and lightning crashed about. But not a drop fell upon the ground beneath the tree, no wind assaulted her, and the temperature rose several degrees to chase the chill away from the newborn life.
The war against the Crusade forces continued to be lost, and eventually, the planet was cataloged. Lunarium and the children were found by the occupying forces, and she was confronted with a choice. The fanatical members of the Crusade had the power to destroy a planet, but not pierce the boundary of the tree. They gave her an ultimatum; leave with them, and become their slave, or stay, and she, along with her children, would die. Heart ripped in two, she made the only choice a mother could.
Her babies are still out there, somewhere. The Crusaders kept their promise, leaving the young ones behind in the relative safety of the shadow tree. The decision she made ensured the children would live. She gave herself up to capture and servitude upon the ship, where eventually Jack found her surgically altered form.

Hyperspace
The Endurance’s navigator had to make sure their calculations were correct before engaging the ship’s G drive. Even the slightest miscalculation could result in catastrophic reentry into normal space.
Mayani is a firm believer in the Maker and his teachings, her faith providing a solid bedrock in an uncertain universe. When she came on board the Endurance, Captain Orin had been professional and courteous in demeanor. He never censored her beliefs or practices. She held no grudge against him. When he returned from the Gloriana, while the bedlam of space battle unfolded around them, she balked at seeing Jack and the others loose on the bridge. She listened as the Seneschal’s voice came over the fleet command channel, “All ships, in the name of the divine Maker, stop the Endurance! The ship has gone rogue. Her captain has slain our beloved Praetorian. As the second in command, I am taking over the fleet. All ships, the order is given, run the Endurance down, destroy it if you must, and know you are doing the Maker’s good work.” The rest of the transmission was garbled as she prepped the ship for a G drive jump into hyperspace. But she caught one terrifying word through the static, which rocked her pious core: abomination.
When the prisoners had been discovered on the Endurance, Mayani was studying the last chapters of the Makers’ holy work concerning the Schism. Recalling a portion of it now, an uncontrollable tremor runs through her. ‘And the end of times will be upon us when the Abomination wakes. Where it goes, destruction will follow, and it will come to the gates of my kingdom to undo all I have made.’
The Gloriana turning its guns on the rest of the fleet had come as a shock. Being attached as it was, the Endurance could only weather the storm and wait for Orin’s return. And now, the Captain ordered her to flee the Crusade fleet; to run for the nearest confluence point and jump to hyperspace. Ever the faithful servant of the Crusade, she felt a warring inside between her faith in the Maker, and duty to the Captain.
Presently, a slight vibration moves through the structure of the ship, small at first, but building rapidly. Captain Orin notices it first, and runs through the plotted course details in his mind, searching for an error. “Brujah, how are the engines? We’ve got a vibration here.”
A pause, and then a click over the communication link. “Captain, the G drive is out of balance, we're going to have to make an emergency exit and assess the damage.”
The G drive is the current standard means of propulsion for a small vessel like the Endurance. Once a course is plotted, a hole into hyperspace is opened, reducing the actual travel time by geometric volumes. Their course puts the ship in line to the nearest Crusade star base which, Orin knows, has recently been overrun by pirates and brigands.
The vibration in the ship continues to worsen as Orin searches for a relatively safe exit point. The vessel can land and take off from any adequately sized planetoid. He has done it before but greatly wishes the circumstances were different. Since they are already in hyperspace, any deviation in navigation means they will be re-entering real space at fantastic velocities. If the calculations are off, even a fraction, they could impact a planet or star.
Jack and the others were given space in the cargo hold to settle in for the trip. They are in the hold only a short time when Lunarium, sensing the disturbance in the ship, issues a warning, “We’re off course, and need to drop out of hyperspace now.”
“How do you…” Jack starts to ask, but the ship-wide communicator blares to life overhead, cutting him off.
“This is the Captain. Brace for emergency re-entry.”
Daisy looks frantically around and, like the rest of them, has no idea what to do. “What’s happening?!”
Jason, sensing the danger, begins to transform into his bestial form. He pushes the urge to fight or flee back down, struggling to maintain control in the face of this new threat.
Jack is about to leave the cargo hold when Brujah comes rushing in. “Follow me now!” he commands.
Orin had ordered him to the cargo hold to assist their guests. Always concerned with his own well-being, and in protest, he left the engineering deck to secure Jack and his compatriots in safety harnesses.
“Give me a hand here,” Brujah orders, as he shrugs on a strange-looking exo-frame. Once fitted he is able to lift the massive containers away from a port wall in the cargo hold, revealing a small alcove with a dozen oval-shaped pods with transparent blister covers. Inside the pods are harnesses, and exotic gel padding. Seeing what he is doing, Jack and Jason quickly move to assist.
Jack can only move a small container out of the way. It is Jason who helps the most; he quickly transforms into the tall, muscular bestial form and moves the remainder of cargo containers as the ship begins to rattle and shake around them. Alert klaxons start sounding a countdown.
“What’s happening?” Jason grumbles, his straining voice akin to a bestial roar at low volume.
Brujah, finishing removing the exo-suit, rushes to the nearest safety pod, “That would be a countdown to re-entry; no time to explain, everyone into a pod. Watch me.”
The engineer leaps into the farthest safety pod and the others quickly follow suit. Jack and Daisy scramble up into their respective pods and begin fumbling with the harnesses. Only Lunarium seems unbothered by any of the goings-on, and casually enters her pod.
Jason has not changed back into his human form yet. His thick bullhead snaps left and right. Unable to relax enough to calm the threat response, he is stranded as a beast. With his immense bulk, he is unable to utilize the savior pods.
Realizing something is wrong, Daisy goes to get out of her pod, intent on helping him. His lumbering form sprints to her. With a thick muscled hand, he gently pushes her back down into the small space. She struggles against him briefly, but realizing time is running out, she relents and relaxes. Not wanting to show fear, Jason simply nods his thanks to Daisy for staying in the pod. She, along with the others, struggle with the harnesses to lock in place as the whine of the klaxons change in pitch, and the pacing of its blaring pulse quickens.
“No time left! Grab the breather tube to your left, and secure it around your face, take a few breaths, and you should feel the air.” Brujah shouts as he demonstrates what to do.
Complying, they watch him don the flimsy rebreather mask, and then quickly follow suit securing their rebreathers. Once in place, Brujah must yell over the klaxon and the obstruction of the mask. “When you feel the air coming through, hit the red button on your right shoulder. Then lean back into the pod. Don’t panic! This next part will hurt a bit.”
Leading by example, Brujah leans back, punching the red button in his pod. The physical restraints are important, but the life-saving measure of the savior pods, when activated, involves the transparent blister connected above snapping down and forming an airtight seal. The interior then floods with hydro-shock gel, filling almost instantaneously, immersing the user in the fluid. The gel quickly begins to harden and react to external pressures by increasing its density to keep the occupant safe.
The breather masks are necessary, and luckily everyone in a pod has theirs in place and working when the blister doors seal them in.
With Daisy safe, Jason focuses on himself. Looking around, he sees a massive girder separating and supporting an adjacent portion of the cargo bay. Sectioned as it is, the space is more robust at specific points. Following inborn survival instincts he did not know he possessed, Jason seeks safety by placing his body near the main support girder. Planting his elephant size feet, he punches both hands into the metal of the wall supported by the truss. Conduits rip, sparks fly, and strange fluids pour from the rents in the wall. He keeps going, pushing both arms deeper, until he can effectively hug the girder to keep his body immobile, as the ship crashes.
The shuddering crescendos to a terrific pressure, the lights go out, cargo containers of all sizes fly about, and then there is a bone-jarring impact accompanied by the rending of metal. Then another awful impact rocks the ship, and Jason loses consciousness as the world goes black.

Crash Landing/Death world
Regaining consciousness in the savior pod, Jack hears muffled sounds through the thick gel surrounding him. Nearly opaque, he can make out shadows moving around in the cargo bay. The sound of an electronic key tone is accompanied by a relieving of pressure on his body and the sensation of static electricity. Brujah was able to keep a hand on the savior pod master controls and, once he woke, activated the release function. A small electrical charge returns the thick safety gel rapidly back to its liquid state. The savior pods drain the gel back into catch pockets for later use, and as the liquid recedes, each pod’s blister opens.
The cargo bay is in complete disarray. Emergency lighting glowing duly from specific points casts the chaotic scene in a menacing yellow glow. Brujah is the first one out of a pod, and he rapidly assesses the state of the others. No one appears critically injured, and all are shaking off the effects of the stasis gel.
Getting out, Jack slips and stumbles to the decking. Lunarium is out of her pod, dripping with fluid with no issue. Daisy is the last out, hitting the deck awkwardly, and stumbles.
Going to her aid, Jack helps her up, “Jason?” she asks, looking around frantically.
Jack searches, looking for any sign of the other man. Out of the corner of his eye, he notices a large cargo container sitting off-kilter on its side. He rushes to the obstructed side of it. Shoving what containers he can out of the way, he finds Jason, still in bestial form. The larger man is partially crushed under the cargo pod. There are terrible gouges in both arms from where he was thrown free of the support girder. The black-skinned Nauthling’s breathing comes rapidly as his solid black eyes blink to consciousness. Jack leans down, trying to lift the massive container with no effect.
Daisy looks around for something to use for leverage.
Brujah hastily finds the exo-suit he used earlier, but it is a ruined sparking mess, no longer able to aid them.
Lunarium, her beautiful white down completely clean of the safety gel, walks gracefully over. Craning her long neck downwards to inspect Jason, golden eyes flash as she looks to Jack. “Use the key,” she instructs.
Coming more awake, Jason moans in agony from the injuries.
Jack shakes his head, panting from the exertion of trying to lift the cargo container. “What key?” he asks.
Lunarium reaches out a feathered multi-jointed hand, gently pointing at the device implanted in his chest. The first and second light in the series are solid, the third light glows dully, pulsing gently. “Use the key.”
He looks down at the strange device. “I don’t…” he begins to say. Lunarium interrupts by touching it with an outstretched digit. The third pulsing light increases in tempo as golden light travels from her and into Jack. After a few moments, the power recedes into her angelic form, and the third pulsing light fixes to a solid state. Now, with three of the series of lights activated, Jack has only to reach for the potential within to act.
Feeling a sensation of power build, he nods thanks for whatever she did. Lunarium bobs her head in acknowledgment, and then steps back, sagging gently against an overturned storage drum, exhausted from the ministrations to the key. Jack goes again to lift the cargo container. Wrapping his hands around one end, he looks to Daisy and Brujah. “Once it’s clear, pull him out.”
Daisy nods, but Brujah shakes his head in the negative. “That’s a full container, there is no possible…” Cutting off the protest, Jack squares his stance, inhales, and lifts.
The container rises upward off Jason. The injured man lets out a cry of pain as the pressure relieves. Daisy rushes in, grabbing one of his large hands, struggling to move him. “Help me!” she yells at Brujah.
Momentarily stunned by the display of strength, the engineer snaps out of it and moves to help. With both pulling, Jason is shortly extricated. Once clear, Jack releases the container, and it falls to the deck with a massive boom. Daisy looks at him, seeing a glow behind his eyes pulse in time with his heart, and then recede. The strange things he can do terrify her. Steeling herself, she focuses on Jason.
Relieved of the crushing weight, his enhanced physiology quickly re-knits broken bones and skin. It will take time for him to make a full recovery. As she watches, his body shrinks back down to average human size. Still in immense pain, Jason manages to say, “Thank you, Jack,” before laying his head down on the decking. Brujah finds the emergency medkit and ministers to the injured man. Daisy kneels, gently stroking Jason’s brow, attempting to soothe him.
Seeing the immediate crisis handled, Jack turns attention to Lunarium, “What did you do to me?”
By her posture, the creature appears tired. Looking up, opening those wonderfully beautiful golden eyes, she responds “Difficult to explain. Little is known of the Lazarus Engines and their keys. They run on an infinite fuel source, and I’ve never seen one completely drained. I surmised that if I gave you some of my own light, it would help speed the recharge process. It was only a guess.”
“Recharge process?” Jack repeats, again looking down at the thing in his chest.
Lunarium nods, “The key is slowly recharging itself, and as it grows in strength so to do your powers increase. I gave it a boost by transferring some of my own life force into it.”
“Your own…what did you do?” he asks, mind racing at the implications.
“An amount of time I still have left to live, I gave freely to you, so you could help your friend,” she replies.
Jack processes this information. Looking down, three of the five lights in the series are lit. As he watches, the fourth light in the row pulses and glows dully before going out, “How long until it’s charged?”
Lunarium blinks, “Unknown, could be soon, could be never. The exact workings of such a thing are beyond me.”
Banks of overhead lights snap on, replacing the emergency lighting. The sudden partial brilliance is jarring. The ship-wide communicator activates with a crackling sound. “All stations report.”
Brujah struggles over the rubbish to a nearby wall control, and punches a few keys. “Captain, this is Brujah. Your guests and I are in the cargo bay. All alive, some injuries.”
“Status of the cargo?”
“Unknown, sir.”
A pause in the communication. “Assign a service unit to assess the damage and return immediately to the engines. I need to know how bad off we are.”
“Understood sir, and what about the humans, what should I do with them?”
Another pause. “Have them wait there. I’ll be with them presently.”
“Understood. Brujah out.” Finished, the engineer scrambles on all fours to another side of the cargo hold.
“What’s going on?” Daisy calls out.
Without looking back, Brujah calls from across the bay. “We’ve crashed.”
Shaking her head in frustration at the answer, Daisy puts more steel into her voice, “What are you doing?”
“You’re a curious one, aren’t you? Well…” he says while accessing an unobstructed portion of a wall with a strange figure carved in it, a raised relief of a bi-pedal boxy construct. Bright yellow and orange markings all over the wall indicate caution. Taking a cylindrical key from around his neck, Brujah slots it into a recessed hole in the wall. With a metal clank, a split opens some four meters in height vertically. Lights built into the wall flash a cautionary warning as the sections retract, revealing an impressively sized robot cradled in a harness within. Cables hiss as they detach. Lights on the robot’s chest begin to glow and wink. With a heavy mechanical ‘clunk,’ the automaton descends a few inches. Then slowly, it takes a step outward and into the bay. It turns ponderously around, systems still waking and assessing the surroundings. Brujah stands motionless, waiting for the robot to recognize him. As if on command, the automaton cues off the engineer and snaps a smart salute, one closed fist over the left side of its chest.
“AWAITING ORDERS,” The robot booms.
Wincing at the volume, Brujah nods. “All right, big fellah, let’s dial the audio output down to a six.”
“Compliance,” the robot intones, this time at a more reasonable volume.
Pleased, Brujah’s wide-set mouth grins. “Assess and prioritize cargo in this area, then secure based on priority access and value. Pile any refuse over there…” He turns, pointing at a space to the left, “… and alert me when your tasks are complete.”
The lights in the robot’s chest and helm blink rapidly. “Assess, prioritize, secure, refuse allocation and notification. Compliance.” The automaton’s head spins on its axis, slowly scanning the entire cargo bay. “Query, biological lifeforms detected, protocols requested?”
Brujah nods. “Assist when commanded and prioritize your duties around them.”
A pause. “Compliance.” And with that, the robot set about the tasks given it.
Brujah walks back to the group, navigating the wreckage of the cargo bay as quickly as he dares. “All right, you heard the Captain, he’s on the way. I’ve got to go see about the engines and repairs.” Shaking his head at the prospect, he goes to leave.
“Wait,” Jack calls out.
The engineer stops, turning to look back.
“Thank you for saving us,” Jack says with sincerity.
At this, Daisy nods her thanks, and Jason manages a weak “Thank you” from his place on the ground. Even Lunarium offers a nod in recognition of his efforts.
Taken aback at their kindness, Brujah jerks his head towards the massive robot going about its work, “If you need something, just ask him, and if he can’t get it for you, ask him to call for me.”
With that, he takes his leave to the engineering deck.
Time passes, and shortly Orin arrives in the cargo bay. Upon entering, the large robot organizing containers stops its ministrations and salutes. Orin returns the salute, and the worker goes back to its duties.
Rapidly assessing the biological lifeforms, the Captain finds them functioning adequately, Although his inbuilt scanners are unable to classify most of Lunarium’s physiology. He takes a moment to study the creature, part of him still wondering, why did they treat you so poorly, and what was your overall function on the Gloriana? Seeing the state of Jason gives him pause. “Do you require medical assistance?”
Shaking his head from the deck, Jason answers, “I don’t think so. I just need to rest, maybe have something to eat and drink.”
Orin nods, then looks to the rest of them. “I’ll have fluids and nutritional packs brought immediately.” Activating an internal link, his voice issues overhead through the ship’s communication system. “Catan, report to the cargo bay. Bring nutritional packs and fluids for four biologics.”
A small pause, then another voice comes over the speakers, “Catan copies, and obeys.”
Orin and Mayani were in the safest portion of the ship when it crashed, the bridge. Since coming down, he has been assessing damage and assigning maintenance and emergency crews (made up of specialized robots), prioritizing them based on need. Life support is not a major concern for him given his robotic nature. However, he does recognize the needs of others and makes sure any holes in the outer hull are sealed immediately. The two most significant problems he has discovered so far included the engines. They are desperately short on fuel after their aborted hyperspace jump. Entering and exiting hyperspace took extremely specific amounts of fuel, and to abandon a jump and return to real space took a massive toll on their reserves. The other major issue is life support. The system was critically damaged, and many of the repairs have to be completed outside of the ship on the planet’s surface.
As he explains the situation to Jack, the others listen intently as a figure enters the cargo bay. It is another robot, slight of build, comprised of a unidrive system (magnetic sphere on a gyro at its base), four spindly arms, multi-eyed bullet head, and a narrow torso. It arries four foil-covered packs and a drum of sloshing liquid. Approaching, the automaton places the drum on the deck, and hands each member of the group a foil pack in turn. Arms now free, it turns to Orin and snaps a fist in salute with the two arms on its right side.
“We’re going to have to go outside and survey the damage, then begin repairs,” Orin explains.
“I’d like to go and help if I can.” Jack offers.
He looks to Daisy, who nods in acknowledgment. “I’ll stay here and look after Jason; be careful.”
Orin gives a slight incline of the head, and turns to leave. “This way. Do not leave my sight.”
Jack hurries to follow as they leave the cargo bay. Before exiting, the Captain and he must go to the furthermost section of the ship, the drop bay. Once there, they are met by a security entourage resembling mechanical persons. One automaton stands out from the rest, a dual tracked unit with a narrow torso and boxy head with a gleaming silver mask for a face. This new robot salutes as Orin walks up, “Captain.”
Orin returns the salute, “Valens, what do your scanners show?”
Valens, a specialty robot and science officer to the Endurance, answers, “I cannot get a reading from within the ship. The atmosphere outside is disrupting active scans.”
Orin processes the new information for a moment. “Opinion?”
The automaton turns to the retinue. “Direct survey is the only option at this point, Captain. I’ve already set the security squad to active ready; they are primed and waiting.” Pausing, the science officer nods to Jack. “The biologic may wish to remain behind, as I cannot guarantee its safety.”
Orin turns to Jack. “The atmosphere may be toxic. We…” he motions to the other robots present, “…have little chance of being damaged. Stay within the drop bay, the atmosphere shield keeps a positive pressure bubble, and you can observe from the threshold of the bay. Once we get the all-clear, you can come outside and join us.”
Jack nods, understanding. “Sounds like a plan.”
With that, the massive drop bay door is lowered. The huge portal touches down gently on the alien world, revealing a rocky vegetation-covered field and surrounding jungle.
The security retinue leads forward, spreading out in a tight defensive formation some thirty meters from the drop bay, securing a perimeter per standard protocols. The science officer sets to scanning the immediate area. After a few minutes of sampling and assessing data, Valens balks at the readings. It shakes its mechanical head in disbelief, the simulacra of life nearly perfect. It spins on its axis, and the track units attached for locomotion power back towards the Captain waiting nearer the ship. The armed escort’s eyes turn from yellow to active combat red.
Valens' forward movement staggers as a piece of ground shifts suddenly, sending the robot tumbling to its side. Fully capable of righting itself, it remains on the ground and does not get up. The track units accelerate, then decelerate rapidly, haltingly, and ineffectively. Seeing the robot struggling, Orin rushes forward to aid it.
“What is it?” He asks, righting Valens’ body quickly back to the upright position.
Orin, and all the creations in his service, are built from different materials. The majority of their chassis consists of organic metal mimicking many properties of biological lifeforms, sans most of the weaknesses. The science officer’s face is a high polished silver mask sculpted to look like a human male. That face has livid blue lines tracing their way across it. Valens tracked units have stumbled over a thorny root system beneath the surface of the ground. The vegetation catches the robot in a thorny trap, preventing it from moving further and creating numerous tiny holes. Small voracious vines are entering the punctures and invading the science officers’ body. Orin aims a hand towards the root, a glow builds in the center of the palm, and a thin beam of energy discharges, cutting the vines away. But Valens continues to falter, the blue lines under the organic metal skin blacken and rust. The robot is disintegrating rapidly.
Silver lips loll open as the automaton ceases to function. Before powering down, it intones, “D-6 world, Captain.”
Orin processes the information and moves to action, “Everyone back on the ship now!” he yells to the escort and Jack. Switching to internal communications he orders, “Brujah, D-6 decontamination protocols in effect, now.”
Sprinting back to the ship, he shoves Jack further inside the drop bay. The security escort retreats backward in a defensive formation. Emergency klaxons begin to wail, red lights flash, and steam smelling of alien chemicals starts pouring out of vents into the hold.
Brujah’s voice comes over the intercom speakers, “Captain, D6 contamination protocols in place. Sensors show something massive moving towards you.”
“Get the drop doors back up, now!” Orin yells. Fear was no stranger to the metal man, a D6 threat could destroy all of them.
“What? What’s a D-6? Are there Denizen here?” Jack asks.
Something roars in the darkness. A massive figure flashes across the rear of the ship. Jack’s mind has a fraction of a second to see a spine covered body, a serpentine tail, too many legs, no eyes, and numerous glowing teeth. The thing moves like quicksilver and snatches one of the escort robots off the drop ramp.
The shadowy figure fills the space twenty meters away from the ship. The destroyed remains of the security droid fall from its jaws. Its terrible features come into focus as it enters the circle of light cast by the exterior illuminators. It stalks slowly, purposefully forward a few paces then pauses, before leaping into a gallop.
The doors to the ramp are still not moving, “Brujah, the doors, now.”
With an electronic squeal, and the sound of the crunching of gears, something overhead sparks, and the drop door struggles to rise. The mechanisms stall and fail, as the beast nears the hatch. Orin raises an outstretched palm. Power builds rapidly, and he fires a lance of energy into the charging monstrosity. The beam catches the creature full in the chest. Staggering, it stumbles to the rough ground. Following his lead, the security retinue comes forward, laying down a volley into the horror. But it continues to try to rise, the sustained fire barely slowing it.
Brujah’s voice comes over the intercom, “Captain, the door is malfunctioning. Rerouting power to emergency hatch.”
“Is it a Denizen?” Jack asks, unsure of what to do.
Orin turns to look at him, “Denizen?” He shakes his head, “No, I’m afraid it’s much worse than that.”
A terrible roar splits the air. Something titanic has arrived, so vast in size those within the drop bay can only make out a giant multi-jointed hand as it pounds down into the relatively smaller creature still trying to get at them. Pulverizing the lesser fiend, another armored multi-jointed hand comes into view, groping inside the still open drop door. A series of yellow lights around the entryway ignite, and different caution signals sound as the emergency blast door crashes down, severing hard-shelled grasping fingers. The enormous alien digits fall to the deck. Leaking vital fluids hiss and react as the thing’s blood begins to eat through the floor.
“Get some coagulant on that, now, ” Orin orders.
The escort retinue stands down from combat protocols and jumps into action. Storage units set in the sheer walls open, and metal canisters and hoses are quickly fitted. The robot crew works to contain the acid biomatter burning through the hull.
With room to breathe, Jack can finally ask, “What is a D-6?”
“D-6 designation; death world, class 6. It is a planetoid so heinous and vile even the Denizen cannot thrive on it. A place where every branch, every creature, even the air we breathe can kill. We are quarantined in this area until we are cleared by medical staff to return to the ship proper.”
“So, what’s next?”
“Next, we break out the heavy weapons crew, arm them, and send them out to make repairs. Then we get off this rock before something cripples the ship beyond repair,” The Captain explains as he surveys the crew working around them.

The Seneschal
After the Endurance fled, the Crusade fleet remained in disarray for a time. The Seneschal, seeing it as his holy duty and right, took charge of the remaining space-worthy ships with relative ease. Those few who did not immediately submit were isolated, to be dealt with later. While the battle with the Gloriana was short, the damage done had been near catastrophic, with numerous vessels obliterated and many more crippled. The remainder of space flight-ready ships were divided into two groups: one remained to enact repairs and continue with the Crusade’s harvest of the planet, and the other set out to search for the abomination. The Gloriana would lead the investigation of nearby sectors in hopes of running down the Endurance and capturing Jack. To the Seneschal, there has been no higher purpose in his life before this. He is now in charge of an entire Crusade force, but he has also killed one of the Maker’s Praetorians. Even as he coordinates with other fleet commanders, whispers and sidelong glances plague him. He knows what he did was a necessary evil. The abomination corrupted the Praetorian, stripped him of his Holy blessings, and drove him to the madness of firing on the fleet.
Secretly fearing divine retribution, the Seneschal decides returning to the Crusade Command with the abomination in chains will prove his allegiance to any of those who still doubt. Merely destroying the Endurance will not be enough. He needs proof his actions are righteous, and capturing the abomination will accomplish this.
The Gloriana’s crew sets about rapidly assessing possible G drive exit locations based on the Endurance’s tonnage and fuel consumption rate.
The Seneschal is reviewing a massive star chart when an underling approaches and waits silently for its master’s acknowledgment. A small thing, it is an ugly blend of mechanical and biological components. It was once something akin to a species of upright intelligent lizards. Now, it has additional cybernetic appendages, sensory organs implanted in its skull, and a small drone built into its back. With a thought, the drone could be dispatched to any number of simple tasks.
Noticing the squat lizard-cyborg waiting, the Seneschal turns his attention away from the star map. “Speak.”
“Master, I have just discovered a G drive emission anomaly in the wake of the abomination’s ship.”
“You discovered it, did you?” the Seneschal sneers. Always looking for advancement, the scheming of such underlings never ends.
Sensing the displeasure in its master’s voice, the lizard-cyborg chooses to switch tactics. “Forgive me, Lord, the information came to me, and in my hurry to relay it to you I overstepped,” the strange creature hisses sycophantically.
Good, this one knows its place, the Seneschal thinks to himself. “What do you have for me?”
Its remaining organic eye brightens as the lizard cyborg's voice becomes more excited. “The Maker smiles on you master. The Endurance miscalculated their entry point vector, and the shipmaster believes they will be forced out of hyperspace.”
“Why would this please me?! If the Endurance and the abomination are destroyed…” the Seneschal begins to rage.
Unable to help itself, the underling interrupts, throwing itself down in supplication at its master’s feet. “Forgive my interruption master but based on the data, I believe there is a good chance the Endurance will survive. I only wish to serve your divine holiness and thought this information useful. When the ship drops out of hyperspace, they will need to make repairs and will be vulnerable. The Maker shines his light upon you master. You will be triumphant.” Silently offering a prayer, the underling waits to see if its ploy to ingratiate itself is working.
Processing the information rapidly, the Seneschal nods. “Your interruption is forgiven. What is your name?”
Animated at the thought of serving the Seneschal, and moving up through the disorganized ranks, the creature answers, “Kroll, and I live only to serve you, my master.”
Sneering at the creature’s obvious flattering, the Seneschal uploads the new information to a personal data tablet. Quickly seeing the possibility of catching the Endurance, he whirls, expecting the underling to follow. “Kroll, you were right to bring this information directly to me. I find myself in need of a runner. You will take this data packet to the shipmaster under my authority and order him to update the search patterns. By serving me, you serve the Maker’s will. Go now, and do as I command.”
Bobbing its head excitedly up and down, Kroll obeys. With a pause, he relays the information to the drone attached to its back. With an electronic click and whir of quad fan blades, the drone detaches from the cyborg and flies off to deliver the information to the shipmaster. Nodding at the creature’s efficiency, the Seneschal allows himself a moment of sanguine pleasure at the thought of capturing the abomination. Grandiose dreams run through his imagination, at the idea of being chosen to carry out the Maker’s will.
Repairs are underway
Mayani works on the bridge, silently worrying over the Captain’s course. She was taught that the Maker was divine and infallible. Yet Orin says the Praetorian of the flagship was a monster. Blasphemy! He invites the abomination among us, and we are pursued. What must I do?
While the co-pilot dwells on her thoughts, the Captain and Brujah are both busy repairing the ship. Daisy spends her time caring for Jason while he continues to heal. Lunarium walks curiously around the main engine deck, inspecting components and occasionally touching things with delicate hands. Captain Orin has ordered all non-essential personnel to remain on board while the repair bots do their work.
The prognosis of Endurance is not terrible. The ship will be space worthy in several hours. The emergency translation from hyperspace left them far outside their destination, and they require fuel to make another long jump.
On the main engine deck, Orin apprises Jack. “The nearest possible refuel point is a short way off.”
“I feel a ‘but’ coming.”
“But, it may be outside of Crusade control.”
“So, what does that mean?” Daisy asks, walking in to join them. Jason was sleeping peacefully, and she was feeling restless.
“It means we have no idea who controls the outpost, or if they will be amenable to giving us fuel. We have only Crusade charter allowances, which are of little value out here in wild space.” Shaking his head, Orin broods on their predicament. “And that’s if the Endurance can make it there.”
Hearing the doubt in his voice, Brujah speaks up, “She’ll get us there Captain. I guarantee it.” To emphasize the point, he bangs a hand against a nearby, newly patched panel. The impact shakes something loose, and the light in the room flickers ominously. The engineer, slightly abashed, puts the hand behind his back, making a mental note to fix the short circuit later.
Lunarium, with her strangely graceful walk, moves about the space, observing the scene with a distant air.
“As I said, we have nothing of value to barter with.”
Jack nods, understanding the basics of their predicament. “We’ll worry about that when we get there.”
As if in answer to his proclamation, the ship rumbles, shifting slightly under the efforts of the emergency crews’ repairs. Orin and Brujah return to their repair work. Daisy excuses herself, returning to the cargo bay and Jason.
From the bridge, Mayani monitors the sensor suite, ready to alert the Captain should anything show up on the long-range scans. Staring at the blank screen and waiting for a sign from the Maker on what course of action to take, an electronic chime announces a contact. Quickly adjusting the range and gain of the scanner equipment, she detects a small scout class ship. As she registers it, the contact vanishes, Enough time for a scan? Could they have seen us? She decides this is the sign she has been waiting for. The Maker has given her a choice on how to act, alert the crew, or say nothing. Reciting the canticles of faith silently, she decides on her course of action. Saying nothing, she returns to her thoughts.
At the Captain’s direction, repairing the ship is overseen by Brujah. Once the work is underway, Orin goes to his private quarters. Needing regular maintenance and charging are the only two reasons an autonomous robot would need solitude. Much of the repair work he must complete himself; no one else is equipped with the necessary aptitudes to work on his delicate systems. The room is austere, lined with metal shelves with various works of fancy and fiction here and there. Drawings, rough schematics, half-finished droids, and excess parts litter the central workbench. The floor is made of a unique material allowing him to charge internal batteries by merely standing upon it.
The sanctuary is his and provides a place for quiet reflection. Often, he follows trains of thought for hours for the mental exercise of it. Given his ability to self-repair, he can take his conscious mind offline and turn inwards, leaving the outside world as the mechanisms of maintenance do their work and allow him time to contemplate. Complex mathematical or engineering formulae often fill his processors for hours. But now, he cannot quiet his mind with the revelation the Praetorian gave him. How long have I been slaved to this Crusade?
Utilizing his impressive internal processing power, he calculates the average rate of fragmentation on his primary memory cortex. Controlling for variances, he finds there can be no doubt. Given the amount of degradation in his memory stores, he has been in service to the Crusade for 4.10326 thousand standard years. But that’s impossible. The conflicting memories of being in service for nearly eighty years, and this new information, create an internal paradox. How could they have done this? How could they have hidden it from me? With deduction alone, he looks at the facts, the time he has been in service, four thousand years of missing memory cores, the ship he pilots, the crew (most of which were of his creation), Brujah, and Mayani.
A thought crystallizes: the only organic crew onboard are the engineer and the co-pilot. He remembers them coming aboard several years ago. It is commonplace within the fleet to compartmentalize roles and duties. It makes sense that lifeforms are trained in multiple positions to account for the necessary demands of a Crusade fleet. Brujah has only ever been a dutiful engineer, quick of wit, and always eager to work. Mayani is an adept pilot and has multiple skill sets in a myriad of applications. There is also the issue of faith. Brujah’s race believes in their gods, but Mayani is a pious member of the church of the Maker. She would have had the most access to me while I was down for routine maintenance, and she would have motive if given a direct order.
Orin accesses the onboard ship monitoring system, which tracks the whereabouts of everyone at any given time. With so many small details, it is stored in the memory cores of the ship for future use. Quickly looking back through the logs for his quarters over the years, he finds the answer he seeks.
Activating the shipboard communicator, he asks, “Mayani, what is your status?”
After a short pause, “On the bridge Captain, just trying to repair the guidance computer. I don’t want the same error from earlier throwing us off course when we re-engage the G drive.”
“Copy that. Report to my quarters when your work is complete.”
There is a slight hesitation before she responds, “Acknowledged.” And the communicator goes silent.
Not hindered by the emotional highs and lows of some organic lifeforms, Orin prioritizes what needs to be done. I must find out how they did this to me. He accesses the Endurance’s onboard data stores, searching for any information on memory core manipulation. The search will take time. Shifting a part of his conscious mind back to the destroyed droid in front of him, Orin registers a strange emotion. Uncommon for him, he feels trepidation. A portion of his mind goes about the repair work, while the remainder of his consciousness thinks back to his home world. The race of automatons is incredibly long-lived. But four thousand years? He has no reference point for such an amount of time. He recalls early childhood, the flying lessons with his father, and the night the Crusade fleet arrived. Entering the Crusade forces and being appointed to the Endurance is as clear as all the other memories. It is all there, one seamless life of some seventy-plus years.
Unsure how to proceed, he focuses on the lessons of the Roshido his father imparted. Many were the great philosophies and religions of the known galaxy. The automatons, Orin included, practiced an ideology of mindful duty. Every moment a certain amount of their conscious minds focuses on the details of the world around them. Under the tenets of Roshido, an automaton can achieve a level of awareness, allowing them to transcend any obstacle put before them. Thinking of the tenets now, he recites them silently, focusing on the details of the room around him. He registers the temperature and humidity in the recycled air, along with the parts per million particulate count of debris and trace elements always present. A vibration in the superstructure from the repair work and a slight list to starboard draws his focus. He centers his inner processing power on all these details and waits for Mayani to come. If she is placed here to keep watch over him, then she must have some means of subduing him; an extreme option her superiors would only allow her to use in the direst of circumstances. He fired upon the Praetorian of the fleet, disobeyed orders, fled with fugitives, and he planned to continue forward. If Mayani comes to his quarters with a means to overpower him, Will I let her? Will I submit without a fight? He sits for a while with these questions, concentrating on the space around him.

Daisy and Jason
Jason dreams of his mother. Waking, he does not recognize the surroundings. Panicking, eyes bleed to black, and his body rapidly changes to defend.
“It’s okay. We’re safe.” Daisy’s soft voice cuts through the icy fear pounding through him.
Hearing a familiar voice, he forces his breathing to slow, and body to relax. He finds himself lying on a sterile mat in the corner of a small storeroom. “What happened?”
Sitting on the sleeping mat next to him, Daisy holds out a metal cup.
Sniffing it, Jason smells exotic chemicals that make up the potent nutrient solution.
She pushes it closer. “It’s all right, and it tastes pretty great.”
Nodding thanks, he takes the cup and sips at the contents. The liquid rushes through him, revitalizing and replenishing his body. It tastes strangely like strawberries and something else he cannot identify.
Daisy explains their situation. “The crash was bad, but we’re alive. The Captain’s crew are out making repairs now.” She pauses, collecting her thoughts. “I’m not sure where we are, but I think we’re safe for now.”
The wounds Jason received during the crash were terrible. He should be dead, but thanks to his Denizen lineage, he is healing rapidly. It aches to move, and there is numbness on the right side of his chest, slowly being replaced by shooting pains whenever he breathes.
“I can call for someone. They’ve got to have something that can help,” she offers, seeing his discomfort.
Head shaking in the negative, Jason replies, “No, it’s all right. I just need to rest.” Laying back down on the mat, he stares at the ceiling. “Where are we going?”
“I have no idea. I’m still in shock over being on a spaceship. On the other ship, that monster, the Praetorian, was scary as hell, and how did Jack do all those things?” she asks.
“I don’t know what Jack is.” Holding an arm out, he studies the veins beneath the skin, as a sense of irony assails him. “I have no idea what I am, but I know he is something different than Donnie and me.”
Daisy’s face falls at the mention of the name, but there is strength beneath the sorrow. “I barely know him, but being near him, I feel…safe. It’s strange, but nothing about Jack screams ‘bad guy.’”
Jason nods. “I was afraid of him when I met him. And angry at what he did to Donnie.” He pauses to recall the recent memories. “But when I saw Jack hadn’t killed my brother, I think a part of me forgave him. I mean, we attacked him, and he’s forgiven me for what I did.” Trailing off at the memory of injuring Lily, he goes quiet.
“Tell me what happened,” Daisy asks.
Overcome with shame, he pushes through the intense emotions, recalling the events leading to the night with Jack and Lily. She listens, all the while weighing the details with what she has seen so far. This is the first time she and Jason have had a chance to converse about their situation. For the moment, they appear tied to Jack and the ship. But what next? What happens when Jack leads them somewhere they are not willing to go? Can they go home? All these questions, and more, pour through both their minds as they continue talking.

The Captain and Mayani
The stunner device feels heavy in Mayani’s pocket, and terror fills her at the thought of using it. Confusion over her beliefs and apprehension at the Captain’s wrath assail her. Can I go back to the fleet? What if Orin is too strong, what if he kills me? Thoughts plague her as she walks to the Captain’s quarters. She is only supposed to maintain the ship’s avionics, and report in regularly about Orin’s functioning. This job was supposed to be an opportunity to serve the Maker, but that dream is slipping away. The Praetorian is dead, and the fleet in pursuit. Continuing onward, she contends with the war going on within.
Presently, she arrives at the Captain’s quarters. He invites her inside by opening the door, and she marvels at the workspace. Choosing to trust his crew, Orin keeps his back to her as he continues to work at a raised bench across the room.
“I…I’ve been alive for thousands of cycles,” he says, chuckling softly. “All these robots, I care for each and every one of them. I know you follow the teachings of the Maker. And I know you are here to keep watch over me. I’m putting my life in your hands. I don’t know what’s real anymore. But what I saw on the flagship, the way Jack…”
Mayani interrupts, voice filled with venom. “The Abomination!” she barks, bringing the stunner out of her pocket, in full view of Orin.
“The Praetorian was a monster. Jack changed him back into something, a being who was beautiful to look upon, and he did it with nothing more than a touch of the hand. That does not sound like an abomination to me. But I am not a follower of the Maker’s will, such as yourself. I follow a different code.” Pausing briefly, he turns to face her, ignoring the stunner in her trembling hand. “May I share it with you?” he asks calmly, standing very still with both arms down at his sides.
Mayani shivers with terror in the face of the Captain’s detached demeanor. Her eyes stream with tears. She is not violent or confrontational.
Seeing her struggle, Orin slowly kneels. “Please let me share with you.”
Taking a shaky breath, Mayani nods. “Fine, but stay there and don’t move. I don’t want to…”
Bowing his head, Orin says, “Thank you, and I give you my word, I will not harm you. My home world was magnificent, and my father taught me of the Roshido from a young age. All our greatest pilots abided by it. He was of the warrior caste, and the code was his sacred tenet. The goal of the Roshido was to ‘know thyself.’ To do that, an individual must practice courage, benevolence, kindness, openness, decency, devotion, and self-control in all things. Every action becomes a concentrated effort in perfection.”
“I do not know what Jack is. I only know what I saw. He healed a Praetorian, one of the Maker’ angels. He saved an innocent, that beautiful creature Lunarium. Do you know what the fallen Praetorian had done to her?”
Mayani shakes her head in the negative, listening intently.
“Let me show you.” Utilizing inbuilt features, Orin can recall an exact copy of the bridge in three-dimensional holographic details. In the dark, quiet solitude of his sanctuary, he projects the events of the Gloriana into the space between himself and Mayani.
When it comes to the part with the Praetorian, in his chimeric monster form, Mayani balks, shaking her head in disbelief. “No, no, no…” She drops the stunner and falls to her knees. “This isn’t right.” Shaking her head, she weeps openly.
Calmly, Orin goes to her. “You are one of my crew, and I will protect you. But not from this, not from the truth. Keep watching, and you will see what I have seen.”
He kneels beside her, changing the viewpoint of the projection. She watches Jack seemingly stop time, then witnesses the horrors visited on the creature Lunarium: hands and feet surgically amputated, eyes removed, mouth sewn shut, and kept in constant torment.
Mayani’s fragile constitution falters, teetering at the brink of madness of the sheer horror of it all.
“I know it’s awful, but have courage, and see what he does.”
Tears flowing, Mayani steels her mind, forcing herself to look. This is a test of the Maker.
She watches in disbelief as Jack heals Lunarium, and then the Praetorian. Her attention piqued, hearing the Praetorian thank Jack, and seeing the Seneschal firing at the holy warrior. She shakes her head. “He lied, in the communication, he lied to all of us. But he was chosen, why would he do this?” she asks, looking to Orin for answers.
“Blind faith is a dangerous thing. But tempered with humility, and the willingness to seek the truth, in ourselves above all others, faith can be the strongest thing in the cosmos.”
Realizing she erred in coming to subdue Orin, Mayani’s eyes go to the floor. “Forgive me, Captain. I came here without thinking, only following blindly.”
Orin stands, motioning her to do the same. “There is nothing to forgive. You are my crew, and I will protect you with my life. I don’t know what you’re feeling, but if I had to guess, it is similar to what I felt aboard the flagship. When I saw the Praetorian and heard his awful words, I was overcome with the paradox of my situation. I was enslaved to my people’s ways and thought myself dutiful, when actually, I was enslaved to the Maker. I never had a choice. It was always my duty to serve in the Crusade. But now, my people may be all gone, and I’ve been alive longer than I thought possible. I don’t know who I am or what I’ve done. And all of it, all of this waking moment you and I are experiencing is thanks to that strange creature we fled with. Jack is special, and there is a power working within him I cannot explain. You speak of prophecy. Maybe it’s destiny, and perhaps they are the same thing. Here we are, you with that stunner and me. What do I do? Who am I? What happens next?”
Mayani, shaking with a terrible sense of being out of control, answers, “I don’t know what to do.”
Brujah’s voice comes over the intercom. “Captain, we’ve got a situation in the engineering bay. I need you down here.”
“I’m on my way Brujah.” Holding out a hand to his co-pilot, “Will you come with me?” Orin asks.

Jack, Brujah, and Lunarium 
in the Engine bay
The sound of highly advanced machinery thunders in the air. The engine bay is extensive, taking up nearly a third of the ship. Most of it is shielded with meters thick layers of material, caging the deadly radiation of the reactors. The remainder looks like a multi-tiered workshop sectioned into different areas.
Jack sits in a chair near a workbench, talking with Brujah as the engineer repairs a power relay. Lunarium strolls casually around the bay, gracefully avoiding automatons going about their business. She seems particularly interested in one section of the engine bay and keeps finding her way back to it. The focus of her intrigue is a small nook near the central engine reactor doors. She pauses there, studying the alcove’s contents.
Jack notices Lunarium. “What’s over there?”
Looking up, Brujah squints. “Avionics, it’s the control center for the G drive flight telemetry. I’m not sure how it works. Mayani oversees maintaining its functions.”
Jack nods, and Brujah goes back to work on repairs.
Lunarium’s head bobs rapidly, and she begins pacing excitedly in place. The lights in the bay flicker briefly, causing the engineer to look up suddenly.
“Something’s wrong,” Jack says.
Lunarium’s voice cries out through everyone’s mind, “Help them, please!”
They both rush to her, as the lights within the alcove sputter and dim. Lunarium’s delicate hands try in vain to remove a shielded portal set in the alcove.
“What’s in there?” Jack asks.
“Avionics equipment, nothing more,” Brujah answers, confused.
“Is it dangerous?” he asks as Lunarium works frantically at the portal’s locking mechanism.
“Please help, they are dying!”
Taking charge, Brujah steps to her side, “Here, let me see.” Moving in front of Lunarium, the engineer quickly releases a series of latches and opens the portal. The lights in the alcove go out. In the darkness of the recessed space, something moves.
Seeing the unbelievable, Brujah falls back on his training. “Captain, we’ve got a situation in the engineering bay. I need you down here.”
After a moment’s pause, Orin responds, “I’m on my way Brujah.”
Shortly, both Orin and Mayani arrive in the engineering bay. They make their way to the others, huddled around a darkened alcove.
Within the recess, they find a small creature. Its body is disfigured and fused into the mechanisms and wiring of the avionics. The little thing whimpers in pain. As Lunarium keeps up her frantic motions to get closer, the creature goes very still.
Stepping closer, Jack can see it has stopped breathing. Moving deftly around him, Lunarium snatches the lifeform from the alcove, tearing wires and rending flesh.
“Please help her, Jack.” Her voice pleads through the minds of all those present. Looking down, he sees the fourth light in his chest has locked to the on position, and the fifth, final light is pulsing slowly. Reaching within, Jack finds the love he has for Lily and his friends. Placing a hand on the lifeless ruined flesh of the creature, a golden light builds in his chest and flows down his arm. The light heals and rebuilds the tiny thing’s twisted body.
Mayani and Brujah are utterly shocked by the display. Orin gives witness to yet another miracle with quiet stoicism.
The creature is small and round in body, covered with orange fur. A soft tail dangles from Lunarium’s hands, and as it rises to take a breath, beautiful thick wings like a monarch butterfly, unfurl behind it. Its vaguely simian face turns to Jack and then Lunarium, eyes holding a knowing gentle intelligence. The little thing chirrups and then bounces up into the air, fluttering around the engineering bay. It is not panicked, simply curious as it has been so long since it could fly. Mayani cries openly at the beauty of it. Brujah, not one for shows of emotion, tears up at seeing the playful antics of the creature. Something so innocent and beautiful should never have been used as it was.
The flying wonder carries no air of malice. After exploring for a short while, it hovers briefly over Orin, then comes to rest back within Lunarium’s waiting arms.
She explains it as an animal from her world. The fleet was using Lunarium as a beacon for the other smaller, less evolved lifeforms of her planet. Like a tuning fork, when Lunarium was tormented, the other creatures could sense her and guide the ships through hyperspace. Through the mystical science of the Maker, everything is a slave to someone. The awful truth of it strikes like a hammer blow. She further explains she can help with the avionics by merely being on the bridge and knowing where they want to go. The surgical alterations, the torture, it was all to force her (and other creatures like her) to do what they could do at any point if they willed it. Instead, the Maker took their free will away, and through the horror of his ministrations, made anguished slaves of them all.
An alarm chimes on Orin’s visual readout. “Proximity alert,” he says calmly.
Pure terror grips Mayani. “It’s the Seneschal!”
Orin reaches out, taking one of her hands. “We need to get the ship moving.”
A powerful vibration rumbles the deck.
“What was that?” Mayani whimpers.
“Judging by the sound resonance and frequency, it’s an orbital bombardment,” Orin says calmly.
“Maker help us!”
“Stop that!” he orders. “If they wanted us dead, we’d be dust and superheated atoms by now. They’re trying to intimidate.”
Orin looks to Lunarium. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know this is how the ship was guided. Please, forgive me,” he begs. Kneeling and lowering his head, he awaits judgment.
Lunarium’s golden eyes swirl. Anger and spite are foreign concepts to her. She touches Orin’s shoulder gently. Looking up, the Captain weeps silicon tears, desperate for absolution. Like Jack experienced on Laer, Orin has been cut adrift in a sea of free will. The only thing making sense to him is the subtle angelic nature of Lunarium, and he cannot help but feel inspired by her presence.
Seeing the Captain’s struggle, she decides on a course of action. She kneels in front of him as the small winged creature coos and murmurs contentedly in her arms. Orin has no idea what it is, or where it came from. A rapid memory search strangely reveals no biological reference to the creature ever having existed. It is beautiful and possessed with some type of inner bioluminescence. Random colors reflect just under the skin and soft fur. Large curious eyes peer at Orin from the safety of Lunarium’s arms. She gently lifts the creature’s chin, catching its gaze. “He will keep you safe now, trust in him.” Reaching out, taking Orin’s hand, she places the lifeform into his waiting arms. Cradling it, he feels it start to purr softly. It tenses for a moment and then settles, relaxing.
“I don’t…” Orin begins to say.
“She is your responsibility now, care for her, and keep her safe. She is very special.” Lunarium places a hand near the creatures’ head. It leans out, nuzzling the outstretched digits.
Orin nods in understanding, being responsible for the crew, Lunarium, Jack and the others, and now this wondrous creature. Prioritizing the external variables and performing a rapid cost-benefit analysis of available resources, he decides on a course of action.
“Brujah, continue with the repairs. Mayani contact whoever is firing on us and tell them we surrender.”
Jack starts to protest, but Orin quiets him with a gently raised hand. “We are not surrendering.”
Brujah and Mayani salute sharply and go about their duties.
Looking down at the resting lifeform in his metal arms, Orin decides on a name for it. “I will call you Fuzzball.” Hearing his voice, Fuzzball takes flight, coming to rest on the robotic captain’s shoulder, wrapping its tail gently around his neck. Orin registers its rapid heart rate, the heat of its body, and the shifting of its weight as it tries to settle. With a thought, he reforms the surface of the shoulder. The metal flows, reconfiguring into a small bowl shape to accommodate a perch for his new ward.
The little creature settles and looks secure as it observes the goings-on.
“What do we do now?” asks Jack.
“Without the G drive, we will not travel far.”
Lunarium offers assistance, “We can make it.”
Orin does not know how she, or Fuzzball, guide the ships, but he has no other choice than to trust in her and focus on the next problem. “Those in orbit want us alive. We’ll have to take their ship, cripple or destroy it, and get back to the Endurance.”
Brujah, overhearing the dialogue, intervenes. “Uhm Captain, I feel like this is the best time to mention we need several components to get flight-ready more quickly. We could get those parts off the other ship, and it would leave them stranded, with us able to escape.”
Smiling at the engineer, Orin replies, “An excellent idea; you’ll be coming with us then. Lunarium, please stay here with the others.”
“I can help,” Jack offers.
Orin, recalling the young man’s unique abilities on the flagship, sees the truth of his words. “Fine, but only you. See to your companions. We leave as soon as Brujah is ready.”
“I can be ready in five minutes, Captain. I’ll meet you at the starboard exterior hatch. We’ll need to pull some of the mechs if we’re to cover any distance over this hostile terrain.”
“That won’t be necessary, Brujah,” he responds, looking at Jack. “I believe our pursuers will come to us. They seem to want him very badly.”
“So, what’s your plan?” asks Jack.
“They come for you, me, and Brujah. The others will have to hide. Hopefully, they do not discover them during a scan, or destroy the Endurance out of hand.”
“Not likely Captain, I’ve never known fleet command to waste anything, especially not a ship,” Brujah comments, mostly to assuage his anxiety about being taken prisoner and the thought of his beloved ship being destroyed.
Jack goes with Orin to Daisy and Jason, and explains the situation and the plan. Then, Lunarium, Daisy, and Jason move to the most heavily shielded portion of the ship beneath the water refuse system and engines. Orin explains they will most likely escape detection there.
Once Mayani sends the communique, the bombardment stops. An unexpected consequence of her sending the message is that now the fanatics in orbit know she also survived the crash.
“You’ll have to come with us, Mayani,” Orin says. He then explains the plan to get aboard the enemy ship, steal the necessary parts, and flee.
Shaking her head in terror, “No, I can’t go! They’ll torture me for heresy!” she protests, her voice trembling with fear.
Calmly Jack comes to stand before her.
She pulls back from him vehemently.
“Mayani, I will keep you safe.”
“You are an abomination!” she spits with righteous indignation.
Jack shakes his head. “I don’t know what I am, but I know I will do everything I can to keep you…” nodding to the others assembled, “…all safe.”
Brujah looks skeptical, and Mayani is in outright denial of the situation, but there is no choice.
Scanners reveal a shuttle is en route to the Endurance’s position.
Orin reaches up a hand to gently touch the creature perching on his shoulder. It nuzzles the hand, cooing softly.
An alert on Mayani’s wrist computer chimes. “They’re here.”
Orin takes the lead as the Endurance’s starboard airlock cycles to open.
Fifty yards from their position a brick of a ship rests, venting exhaust. A contingent of armed soldiers waits just outside and takes them into custody. They are brought on board the shuttle without incident.

The Angel
Once the fanatics calculated where the Endurance went, a small frigate was dispatched to give the speediest chase. Now that frigate, with the Seneschal in command, rests on the death planet awaiting the arrival of the prisoners from the Endurance.
The ground just outside the frigate is stripped and leveled quickly to accommodate pre-constructed structures, powerful lights, tripod-mounted defense weapons, and a laser perimeter fence. The local wildlife and fauna caused problems for the Crusade forces since they landed. Typically setting up a temporary operating base of such a small size should not have cost so much in resources.
Before coming down to the planet, the Seneschal reported the death of the fleet Praetorian at the hands of a confirmed abomination to the necessary Crusade Command channels. The details of the Gloriana attacking its fleet, the loss of the Endurance, and Jack’s escape were also detailed. In requesting assistance in pursuing and capturing the abomination, the Seneschal is given access to the special weapons armory. Only the Praetorian of a fleet, or an override from Crusade Command, could authorize the use of the most devastating arsenal from the special weapons system - the Zion Inhibitor.
Abominations arise from time to time. Those not destroyed outright are captured for study. From those studies, a portable generator was designed to nullify their myriad of known powers. Even now, technicians are finishing connecting power conduits and conducting startup checks of its complex circuitry.
“This damned place, the sooner we can leave, with the abomination in chains, the better,” the Seneschal says, fuming at the delays.
Kroll hovers nearby, worrying over his master’s ire. “Can I get you anything sire?”
Shaking his head, “If I require you, you’ll know it.”
Bowing low, snout scraping the floor, the creature abases itself and waits.
The tech adepts operating the Zion Inhibitor switch the unit on. Power cables thrum as the tang of ozone and exotic energies create a palpable force in the air.
Aboard the transport, Jack collapses to the decking, the effects of the Zion Inhibitor doing their work even at a great distance. The lights in his chest dim to one weak pulsing indicator, barely alight.
“What is it?” Orin asks.
“I don’t know. It’s like the life is draining out of me.”
Concerned with the plan, and needing Jack’s abilities, the Captain realizes he is going to have to improvise. Unaffected by the Zion inhibitor field, he sends a signal back to the Endurance. Within his private quarters, a program begins to run, and automated systems cycle awake.
Fuzzball whimpers from Orin’s shoulder. The creature’s inner light fades the closer they come to the Zion inhibitor.
“I’m sorry,” Gasps Jack, as he painfully gets back to his feet.
Orin nods to Brujah to help carry him alon., “It’s all right, follow my lead.”
As the transport lands, Jack is half carried to the main structure within the operating base. The eyes of all the security personnel follow the prisoners as they make their way across the compound.
Upon entering the structure, the Seneschal is pleased to see Jack’s incapacitated state. “Bless the Maker, his divine tool seems to be doing its work,” he says, smiling sickly, as Kroll bobs excitedly nearby.
“And don’t think I’ve forgotten about you, Orin.”
Kroll activates an electronic scrambler, disabling the Captain. Fuzzball startles at the sudden motion and flutters about. But so close to the inhibitor, the creature’s efforts are a struggle. Kroll, agile as he is, snatches her out of the air. Trapped, the small creature chirrups weakly to be released.
Only Mayani and Brujah remain unaffected. Seeing the state of Jack and Orin, she has a small window of opportunity to help her compatriots. Dropping to her knees in fealty to the Seneschal, she observes the formal protocol for greeting someone of his station.
The obeisance piques the Seneschal’s interest. “And who might you be?”
“Avionics Engineer Second Class, Mayani Achabari, my lord Seneschal.”
“Why have you not used the stunner to incapacitate this rogue Captain? You were given a sacred duty, which you failed to carry out.”
The situation is tenuous at best, and Mayani realizes she must act decisively, “I have failed. I humbly beg for your forgiveness and guidance.”
Used to people bowing and scraping before him, the Seneschal is pleased by Mayani’s words, “What guidance do you need child?” he says, effortlessly falling back into the worshipped prophetic role he so relishes.
“When I went to utilize the stunner, the device failed. Does its failure mean the Maker did not wish me to disable the Captain?”
Chuckling at the feigned naive nature Mayani projects, “Oh my child, we cannot know the Maker’s will. Perhaps he only wanted to test your resolve.”
Nodding understanding, Mayani has another query, “Lord, may I ask one more question of you?”
Not seeing Mayani as a threat, and completely ignoring Brujah, he decides to indulge his ego further. “Ask your question.”
“Captain Orin…”
“He is no Captain of this fleet!” the Seneschal roars.
Mayani rocks back at the outburst, fear shooting icy fingers through her body. “Forgive me…”
Growing more annoyed, and wearied by the constant background pressure of the inhibitor, he forces himself to calm. “These are trying times, what is your question?”
“Orin told me, there were monsters on board the flagship. This cannot be true, can it?” Looking up with tears in her eyes, Mayani’s instinct screams at her to flee, and that she is not ready for the truth.
Eyes blazing with religious fervor, the Seneschal shakes his head gently, “No child,” breaking protocol he gently lifts her to standing, “The Crusade holds no monsters, only warriors, and servants of the Maker.”
Unable to quench the sense of foreboding, Mayani can only nod. She does not resist as the Seneschal turns her towards the rear of the tent.
“Would you like to see the Maker’s angel? I brought one of them here in case we were unable to subdue the abomination.”
The terrible wrongness in the Seneschal’s eyes makes it hard to breathe. She shakes her head in the negative and tries to resist moving forward.
The Seneschal feels her resistance and stops.
Barking a sharp order, in a guttural language, he orders the angel to enter the structure.
A large sliding door rumbles open. The thing that comes inside does not walk. Instead, it drags and claws its bulbous body forward, a horror of flesh and nightmare made real. Jury-rigged cybernetics create a lethal framework around the angel, adding to its awful appearance.
Mayani shrieks in horror, tearing away from the Seneschal and falling to the floor. The beast lumbers awkwardly forward. More animal than sentient, it looks hungrily with its off-centered eyes. It has an ugly mouth, swollen and unable to close, which glistens with drool as it gazes hungrily at her staggering form.
Brujah hisses in anger, the wrongness of the thing, bringing a primal reaction forward. He puts Jack’s limp body unceremoniously on the floor behind him, shielding the human. The engineer drops into a defensive posture, turning the majority of its naturally armored form towards the horror.
Still ignoring Brujah, the Seneschal moves closer to the fiend. “You will gain the Maker’s forgiveness by sacrificing yourself to the angel, and satiating its awful hunger.”
The conviction in the Seneschal's voice is terrifying and paralyzes Mayani with fear. He’s insane!
Kroll chirps in agitated excitement. Fuzzball, still trapped in the foul creature’s arms, stirs, but cannot extricate herself.
Captain Orin, locked in the equivalent of an electronic seizure, stands stock still as the scene unfolds, unable to help.
Jack, groggy and in tremendous pain, hears Mayani’s cries, and it triggers a memory. He recalls the pouring rain and Lily crying out in pain. By sheer force of will, he pushes past the agony imposed by the Zion Inhibitor.
As the angel moves towards Mayani, intent on eating her, she forces herself to move. Scrambling back, she stumbles into Orin’s statue-like form. Rising on her knees, she bangs her hands on his solid chest, “Captain, please help me!” She begs, as tears stream down her cheeks. She wraps both arms around Orin, closing her eyes to the inevitable.
The angel is almost upon her when Brujah roars and charges forward. Before he can strike, he is batted aside by an impossibly fast slap of the angel’s twisted limbs.
The Seneschal, insane as he is, witnesses Mayani despair and feels holy vindication for his actions.
The angel savors the terror it inspires, moving methodically to Mayani. A grotesque tongue extends from its awful mouth, and licks the side of her head, tasting the sweet bitterness of hopelessness.
“Stop,” whispers Jack. What he does not know, what no one, including the Maker, could have foreseen, is that he is wholly unique in the universe. There have been others before him, but none have held the ability to control time. Not just his perception of time, but time and space itself are his to command. He does not yet comprehend the extent of the power.
The Zion Inhibitor was built to control all of Jack’s other latent powers, but it can do nothing against the flow of time. He gets slowly to his feet, the scene around him utterly still. This is the first time Jack has been able to stop time entirely. Every other instance up until this point, he has only slowed it down to a near stop.
Hearing movement, he turns his head and is surprised to see Fuzzball still moving. Her inner luminescence is now a bright glowing light. She extricates herself from the frozen lizard cyborg's grasp and flies to Orin. The moment she touches down on his shoulder, the effects of the electronic scrambling are negated. Jack follows suit, coming over and touching the Captain gently on the shoulder, allowing him to move at an average speed. Assessing the scene quickly, he moves Mayani’s frozen form, shielding her from the angel.
“That cannon in your arm working?” Jack hisses through continuing pain.
Orin nods and cycles through inner protocols for power consumption. Vents on his shoulders open to allow the heat to escape. Holding up his arm, palm out, it begins to glow with building intensity.
Jack tries to call upon his powers, hoping to aid Orin, and finds them still lacking. Looking down, he sees the lights glowing in his chest dully, Dammit, how does this thing work? Through anguish and disorientation, he comes up with an idea, “Orin, destroy that monster, and then destroy the machine.” He nods weakly, indicating the Zion Inhibitor taking up most of the rear of the room.
With a discharge of sun-bright plasma, Orin renders the angel to ash and bubbling flesh as time continues to stand still. He guides the plasma beam over the Zion Inhibitor next. The massive burst of energy destroys the machine. Jack is knocked to the ground, while Orin maintains his balance and protects Mayani with his body. Fuzzball weathers the storm, wrapping its tail tightly around the androids' neck. A large container shields Brujah’s armored form from the blast.
Regaining his footing, Jack feels renewed. A glance at his chest shows the first four lights are all glowing brightly. He goes to Brujah, releasing him from time's grasp.
“What happened?” the engineer asks, confused.
Jack nods at the remains of the angel and the destroyed Zion Inhibitor, “We won.”
Nodding at the humans’ assessment, Brujah offers, “Glad I could help.”
Orin surveys the other Crusade forces trapped in time around the structure, “What about them?” he asks, as internal mechanisms build in power and preparation to fire again.
Jack does not want to harm anyone, there is no point. “Leave them. We’ll get what we need from the engineering deck on the frigate.”
“What if they follow us?” Brujah asks.
“We can’t destroy an entire ship from here,” Jack explains, “And, if we leave the ship crippled with living survivors, the rest of the fleet will have to stop and collect them, giving us more time to get away.”
Hearing the soundness of the strategy, Orin nods acceptance. He does not share the human’s morality but understands there would be no purpose in offhandedly dispatching these poor wretches.
Jack reaches down, touching Mayani on the shoulder. Coming back to regular time, she finishes screaming, disoriented at what is happening. “What, what, what??...” she stammers looking around at the damaged room; the dead angel, melted equipment, and everyone else still frozen in time.
Orin nods at Jack, “Mayani, he stopped time and saved us.”
Fuzzball chirps warmly at the Captain’s brief assessment.
“Well, to be fair, I helped a lot,” Brujah comments out of hand.
Ignoring the engineer, Orin nods at Fuzzball, gently stroking her under the chin. “And you helped tremendously, saving me. How did you do that little one?” he asks, not expecting an answer. Fuzzball coos, rubbing her neck and shoulders in a vaguely feline gesture across Orin’s metal knuckles.
Mayani, shaking her head in disbelief at the frozen scene around her, says, “You did this? How?”
Jack shrugs his shoulders. “I have no idea. I can just do it. We should go because I don’t know if I can hold time like this indefinitely.”
Hurrying, they gather themselves up and leave the command room. Moving quickly to the engineering deck of the frigate, they secure the necessary components. Stealing the shuttle that carried them earlier, they make their way without incident back to the Endurance. Jack awakens Daisy and Jason. Lunarium, like Fuzzball, was unaffected by his ability to stop time.
Presently, a question faces the crew of the Endurance: now that Fuzzball, a key component to the avionics, has been removed, how will they fly the ship?
Lunarium explains she, like Fuzzball, can guide spacecraft. In effect, they bridge the gap between the ship’s engines and the pilot. Her language skills are limited, but as they all understand it, when the time comes for the Endurance to leave, Lunarium will be able to navigate the ship where they need to go.
Repairs are quickly completed, and the Endurance lifts off into space. Jack is exhausted by his effort to keep time frozen, and the lights in his chest, having drained, are nearly depleted. He releases time as their ship prepares the jump to hyperspace. With Lunarium guiding the vessel from the bridge, the Endurance falls into hyperspace, and they are off to their next destination.
● ACT IX ●
The Star Fort
In the empty black void of space floats a colossal fortress. It is the size of a small planetoid. It was initially built and occupied by the Crusade. It recently fell to the rebels in this sector. Given its massive destructive capabilities, the Crusade forces opted to set up a blockade and starve the rebels out. The siege has been going on for months. The insurgents are content to keep the space around them clear of all threats. A graveyard of wrecked ships floats in irregular orbit around the star fort.
Seemingly out of nowhere, the Endurance exits hyperspace within the blockade. Before the rebels can fire, Lunarium lets out a beautiful cry, uttering a perfect harmonic note accompanied by a glowing pulse of light beneath her skin. It fills all aboard the Endurance with immense calm and warmth.
“What is she doing?” Brujah asks, his heart full of joy, and close to tears.
“I have no idea,” Orin answers, finding it hard to focus.
Before the space fortress can fire upon the Endurance, a message flashes over Mayani’s console. “Captain Orin, we’re being given landing instructions and berthing coordinates.”
The Crusade fleet is quick to scramble its remaining fighters to try and intercept them.
“Proximity alert! Incoming fighters.” Mayani shouts.
“Get us out of here.” Orin orders.
Deftly working the controls, the Endurance powers towards the safety of the station. Aboard the floating fortress, gunner crews using control matrices calculate the massive distances in space within seconds. They provide defensive covering fire for the Endurance as it enters the station’s dead zone.
“The fighters aren’t going to get through that. We’re safe for now,” Orin says. Looking to Lunarium, he asks, “What was that?”
Without answering, she exits the bridge, urgently heading towards the forward airlock, eager to get onboard the station.
Jack, Daisy, and Jason accompany Lunarium. Orin, Brujah, and Mayani remain behind to continue repairs to the Endurance and monitor the Crusade fleet blockade.
The star forts walkways are enormous, but the journey onward feels almost cramped, given how many refugees there are. After traveling the companionways for nearly half an hour, they come to a large opening near the center of the space station. Jack’s mind struggles with the scale of the interior structure. “What is this place?” he asks no one in particular.
Honeycombed throughout the area were a variety of alien species occupying numerous impromptu shelters. Along with the strange sights, there were even more unusual sounds, smells, and a faint note in the air, a buzzing aching harmonic, like tinnitus, but more pleasant.
The spheroid interior is kilometers in diameter, stretching off into the distance to the left and right. Far off at the center of the area is a massive quadrangle armored pyramid; monumental power conduits connect to the outside, enabling a myriad of functions. It is the heart of the star fort.
The chatter and nearby noise stop, as eyes fix upon the new arrivals. Without a word, Lunarium walks off. Jack watches for only a few moments before following.
Some of the occupants are busy attending to duties or engaging in personal vices, but most of the refugees are not well off. Cramped conditions, failing systems, dwindling rations, and an overtaxed fluid treatment facility give the air a palpably squalid and morose quality. Children of all different species huddle together, sometimes fighting for scraps of food.
“These people, they’re dying,” Daisy comments, sympathy and sorrow filling her voice.
Jason growls low, enraged to see the suffering of so many. Even the rebel fighters guarding the station are half-starved, and dead on their feet.
They continue towards the great pyramid. The going is easy, and no one bars their way. What command structure exists amongst the rebels has made a base just outside the alien structure. As Lunarium approaches, several guards move to forestall her and the others.
“You don’t have clearance to be here,” the lead one says, brandishing an exotic rifle.
Jack’s eyes begin to burn with power at the threat. Seeing this, the guards all backoff, and a fey creature, slight of build but quick of foot, comes running up. Like a hairless cat walking upright, it is garbed in a dirty red robe. “Stand down captain, please. These are our guests.” Looking to Jack, “Please, there is no need for violence.”
Abashed, he calms himself, and the power recedes.
“How did you make it past the blockade? Did Arthur send you?” the red-robed cat creature asks.
Lunarium’s gaze does not leave the pyramid. Its massive countenance looms just ten yards away. By all appearances, there are no entrances or portals on its exterior. Without warning, she lets out another loud harmonic cry, a baleful dirge, evoking lament, and an aching loss. The sound of it brings tears to the eyes of all present.
In response to her cry, a seam appears in the pyramid, revealing a titanic gateway. The inner mechanisms slide open the cyclopean slabs of dense metal, uncovering the interior of the star forts heart. Electronics line the walls and ceiling, metal decking and railing snake their way throughout, and in the middle of the pyramid, is the black tree from Lunarium’s home world.
The cat creature exclaims excitedly, “Light be praised! It’s finally opened. We could not get in, this is miraculous!”
Ignoring the creature, Lunarium heads towards the pyramid. Stopping at the precipice leading to the interior she looks back, “Jack, only you may enter with me.”
Everyone hears Lunarium’s words in their heads.
A nearby captain of the rebels makes a poor decision, “This is ridiculous. We need to get in there.” He moves towards the precipice, intent on entering.
The cat creature exclaims, “Tyrel, wait, don’t!”
But it was too late. Just as Tyrel moves around Lunarium and steps inside the pyramid, he falls to the ground dead. There is no noise, no injury, nothing to signal what caused him to fall. All those present are too stunned to react.
Lunarium reaches out again to all those present, “Please, do not follow.”
No one else moves to enter. Even Jack hesitates a few moments but then hurries after her.
As they cross the threshold of the pyramid, the air changes, becoming fresh and clean. Something energizes the space, bringing renewed vigor to both he and Lunarium. They walk through the innumerable technological marvels towards the black tree. The further inward they travel, the more complex the machinery becomes; electrified transparent conduits, glowing diodes, bubbling tubes filled with strange color changing liquids—all feeding into and out of the ebony tree’s base.
Without fear or pause, Lunarium walks straight up to the massive arbor. Its bare branches reach up into the impossible heights of the armored pyramid. Delicately, she reaches out a hand, placing it against the bark.
In a flash of memory, the tree communicates to both Lunarium and Jack. He finally understands why his journey has led to this place. Lunarium was the one directing the Endurance to the death world, and then to the star fort. She never intended to crash the Endurance, but neither did she realize Fuzzball would derail her plans. The small creature tried to push the ship one way, as Lunarium pushed it another. A far more advanced species than Fuzzball, she ultimately got the Endurance close to her destination. Only now does Jack realize that Lunarium has been searching for her children.
Memories from the tree, flood the minds of Jack and Lunarium. They see her children growing, cared for by the sentient arbor. The laws of time change, and they watch the three babies grow to adulthood. The Crusade forces return, and the children, along with the black tree, fight back. Lunarium falls to her knees, tears of starlight trailing down her cheeks at seeing one of her babies perish during the battle, but the other two survive. The two babies, and the tree, were taken by the Crusade and pressed into service. The sentient plant was placed, a long time ago, at the center of this massive station, surgically altered and tortured to provide the star forts defense. The children were put into bondage and served aboard the same station. But then the rebels came, and the vision of the shared memory changes. Leading the rebels is a soldier from the stars. He saves the last of her children and takes them somewhere safe. The vision ends, and Jack is left wondering, who was that man?
Still on her knees, Lunarium cries not only at the loss of her child, but the sacrifice the tree has made. It stayed with them and fought for them, trying to keep them safe. She cannot thank the living arbor enough and cannot begin to repay the debt. She weeps as Jack goes to her, holding her close, trying to offer comfort.
Without warning, the electronics and lights in the massive space pulse, and the deck shivers.
Lunarium looks up, “What are you doing?”
A promise kept, and then a fond farewell, Lunarium and the arbor share one last private conversation. And then, the massive tree gives its long-lived life, sacrificing all to aid those in need. With Lunarium’s help as a medium, it transfers its life force to the refugees of the station. It gives Jack a boon. With its immense energy reserves, it charges all five lights in the key, locking them to the on position.
Unbeknownst to either of them, while they were journeying to the star fort’s heart, the Seneschal arrived. Given his status among the Crusade forces, and the sheer tonnage of the Gloriana, he takes command of the assembled blockade forces. After a brief argument from the commander of the cordon, they concede the Seneschal’s claim over hunting the abomination and relinquish command to him. With the massive Gloriana at the forefront, the Seneschal begins the attack. Pushing through the defensive field, taking heavy losses, several smaller heavily armored ships start landing on the station.
Hundreds of refugees from other parts of the star fort flood into the vast space surrounding the armored pyramid. Weapons flash through transparent ports throwing stark shadows over the panicking crowds. Conduits burst with fire and smoke, as vital station functions stutter from the Crusade’s onslaught.
A runner comes speeding up to the command center. “Commandant Meowskowitz, Crusade forces have pushed through the dead zone. We’re taking damage in multiple quadrants. All our people report feeling, well feeling better than they have in a long time, sir. They are ready to fight.”
As Lunarium and Jack exit the pyramid, the Commandant comes excitedly to them. “What have you done? Who are you?”
Neither of them answers, unable to explain what has happened. Nodding at the strange turn of events, the Commandant says, “Whatever you two did in there, I cannot thank you enough. It’s like we have all been rested and fed, where before we were starving.” He takes each of their hands in his furry paws, “Thank you.”
The whole structure rocks as gravitational systems are damaged from the barrage. Then, just as it began, the firing stops. Perking up his ears, the Commandant knows what this means, “They’ve ceased fire so they can land their ships.” Reaching to a communicator, Meowskowitz issues orders to the troops, “All sections prepare to repel boarders. The rebellion will survive, we will be triumphant, and we will smash them back!” Even though the cat man is small in stature, he roars like a lion as he gives the address. Donning a battle helm and taking up a space rifle that looks too big for him, the brave leader prepares to fight the enemy when they inevitably make it to the center of the station.
Daisy and Jason are ready to fight and repel boarders. But it is Daisy who speaks their shared concerns first. “Jack, they have an army out there. There are not enough of them to fight what’s coming,” she says, looking around at the ragtag group of soldiers hurrying to the sections of the station where the Crusade forces are boarding. Ordered chaos fills the scene; squads of fighters barricade the massive space the best they can, preparing for the inevitable last stand.
The ebony tree did something phenomenal to Jack, connecting him to his powers in a way he never felt before. Following a thought, he races to a port to view the space outside. His enhanced vision can see the capital ships, even at extreme distances.
He sees the Gloriana firing and understands the Seneschal has found them. As the thought crosses his mind, the raging battle for the station pushes further towards the center. Explosions and people dying can be heard from all sides. As the defenses are about to be overridden, a pause in the fighting happens. The sound of something moving at high speed comes from a nearby corridor. A small, armored drone speeds into the area and instantly throws up a holographic projection. There, towering above all, the Seneschal stands as a massive digital projection. A pregnant pause, and then he issues an ugly triumphant laugh. “Surrender the abomination to our forces, and I may be merciful.”
It is Meowskowitz who answers, “Damn your mercy! I saw what the Crusade considers mercy on my planet.” He opens his arms, indicating all those around. “We all have! I don’t know who this being is,” indicating Jack with a nod, “but we will not surrender a single living soul to you treacherous villains!” he roars in defiance. The soldiery and the refugees share the Commandant’s sentiment and shout their rebellion at the projection.
Sneering and sputtering with vehemence, the crazed eyes of the Seneschal rage. “I will strip the skin from your bodies and feed your children to the angels! I will rain the fury of the Maker upon all of you filthy creatures. I…”
Jack steps towards the projection, his voice cutting off the madman’s rant. “No, you will leave these people alone. And you will do it now.” His voice holds an elemental power even the Seneschal can hear through the transmission.
Understanding that the Seneschal is insane, and their situation is dire, the refugees prepare for the inevitable end. There is no chance for victory; they are overrun and beaten. But even as they watch the exchange between Jack and the slavering mad Seneschal, embers of hope continue to smolder in their hearts.
Jack sees them, all those alive and fighting. Their inner light appears as beautiful kaleidoscopic images in his mind. Ignoring the Seneschal, he looks to the right, seeing an emergency airlock. Closing his eyes to focus on the power, he calls up everything he can muster. Opening both eyes, brilliant, beautiful golden light pours out. All those nearby stops what they are doing and watch the human. He moves to the airlock, releases the door, and steps inside. He locks it and cycles the airlock open.
Snapping out of inaction, Daisy rushes forward. “Jack! You’ll die,” she screams.
Jason shakes his head in disbelief. Quickly transforming into his massive shadow form, he moves to the door, trying to pry it open. But it is made of the sturdiest materials and will not budge. He lets out a roar of impotent frustration. “What are you doing?!”
Jack, a look of serenity painted across his face, eyes still glowing with golden energy, smiles calmly at them through the small window in the airlock. Calmly, he reaches a hand to the control console. After a little fumbling, blaring warning lights activate, and a countdown begins. The exterior doors open in an explosion of air outward into the void of space. Framed by the infinite blackness, eyes closed, Jack’s hair moves like he is underwater. He should have been pulled out, bleeding from the eyes, nose, mouth, and frozen to a solid block. But he stands unharmed, and then he opens his eyes. Two golden glowing orbs stare back through the airlock port at the assembled refugees.
Lunarium cries out in excitement. Daisy and Jason stand in awe. Commandant Meowskowitz, stunned at the display, watches silently. No one present understands what they are seeing.
Slowly, ponderously, Jack floats outside the station. Standing on the decking of the exterior forward observation deck, he can be seen by those still inside through the armaglass ports. He looks around, locating the Gloriana. Peering into the ship, he sees no light, only ugly darkness consuming all those aboard. With the building pressure of tremendous force, his entire body alights with immense power, like the surface of a star. Blindingly bright, only Lunarium can see Jack’s outline in the light. As the power explodes and expands from him, his whole body becomes a conduit for the elemental force at the heart of the universe.
Jack directs that force to the command ship. It impacts the vessel, and its outline can be seen in the expanding conflagration of energy. He commands the power to slow and stop, and it obeys. The Crusade command ship, a leviathan of the stars, dozens of kilometers from prow to stern, sits silently in the void. All other vessels in the Crusade force pause ponderously in their attack efforts. Those that have already landed, quickly take off again fleeing the space station, frightened by the awesome raw power they have witnessed.
Several groups of Crusade soldiers remain onboard the station, fighting in earnest.
Daisy and Jason add their considerable skills to the battle. While engaging with the remaining invaders, a refugee mother shields her child from an explosion. The mother cries out, catching Jason’s attention. “Please, someone, help us,” she begs.
Just like momma, Jason thinks. To say he became enraged, would be an understatement. Transforming further into a colossal shadowy monster, his bellow temporarily deafens all those nearby. Tearing off in the direction of the nearest Crusade forces, the rebels still fighting balk at his presence. Some think to fire upon him but are too terrified to bring their weapons to bear. Once it becomes apparent he is fighting against the Crusade forces, they rally around the titan of mayhem. The remaining invaders surrender in short order after Jason’s assault. Following on his heels and seeing the fight is over, Daisy moves quickly to calm him, and with some difficulty, brings him back from his monstrous form.
****
With the Crusade’s attack halted, other vessels hail the Gloriana for instructions, but there is no answer. The former commander of the Crusade forces takes control and sends a small force to investigate the fate of the flagship’s crew. Scans show the ship is undamaged, but the readings also show no life signs aboard.
Once they make entry to the Gloriana, the soldiers find no one alive; only piles of white ash at irregular intervals throughout the ship. When they come to the bridge, more piles of what used to be the crew abound. A review of the internal monitors indicates that when the conflagration from the space station engulfed the Gloriana, all life signs ceased. Every single crew member, the Seneschal, thousands of creatures all turned to ash. The profound implications of the act astound and terrify the remaining Crusade members.
After several hours of diplomatic negotiations an agent from the fleet is allowed to travel to the space station. With the Seneschal annihilated, this new representative is a stark contrast. Her name is Delevan. She is calm, precise, radiating holy righteousness, commanding all around her with silent fervor and terrible conviction. Overly tall and willowy of build, she presents as both demure and grand. She is dressed in close-fitting armor that looks like segmented glass, with a cloak made of exotic chain mail.
Presently, she stands before Jack and kneels, her entourage following suit. “What do you command Lord?”
Jack is taken aback. “Your forces chased me, tormented these people, and now you come here, and call me Lord? I don’t understand.”
Standing and taking a relaxed posture, she explains, “The one who pursued you, the Seneschal and his crew, what did you do to them?”
Pausing a moment, he answers, “I released them.”
A tremble passes through her, but she quickly regains her composure, “I am known as Delevan. I am a humble servant of the Maker. I warned the Seneschal not to continue in his rabid pursuit of you, that a gentler touch is needed. He did not listen.” She pauses, letting the words set in.
“What is it you want?” Jack asks with a stern voice.
“Only the Maker has the power you have. You are truly his progeny, and it was our error to pursue you.”
“And these people, this station, what about them?” he asks, instincts screaming a cautionary warning. The sudden change of tactics on the Crusade’s part is unexpected, and most likely a ruse.
Commandant Meowskowitz stands nearby, “What of the travesties your Crusade has leveled here? Where were your holiness and purity when you slaughtered my people!” Again, his voice comes as a lion’s roar, startling many of those present.
With unsettling calm, Delevan ignores the outburst. “Whatever you wish Lord, it shall be so.” She speaks with intense sincerity. “I do have some requests.”
“Go ahead, ask.”
“The Knights you captured; will you release them?”
An innocuous request, Jack can think of no reason to keep prisoners. He looks to the Commandant, not wanting to supplant the creature’s command.
Seeing the deferral to him, Meowskowitz answers Delevan’s question, “They’ll be released at once.” Nodding to station guards standing by, one of them rushes off to carry out the order.
“Thank you, Lord, you are truly beneficent.” Bowing in supplication, all of her contingent follow suit, prostrating themselves before Jack.
“Anything else?” he asks wearily.
Delevan looks up, slowly rising. She spreads her arms open, palms up in a non-threatening gesture. “My lord, I humbly ask to accompany you on your journey.”
Stunned for a moment, he pauses. “You want to come with me? Why?”
“You are a holy being, and while some of the Crusade see you as a destructive force, I do not. I believe you are a key to the Maker’s grand design. Accompanying you would allow me not only to serve the Maker but to chronicle the holy quest you are on.”
“Holy quest? What are you talking about?” he asks, confused.
It is Delevan’s turn to be stunned, recovering quickly. “Forgive me, I speak out of turn. Your journey is your own. Perhaps my hubris is too great, and I misperceive what is happening. After all, who can know the Maker’s plan?” she answers quickly, her tone elusive.
Jack reads the cautious hesitance in Delevan’s manner. “I’ll consider your request. For now, see to your men. I’ll contact you shortly.”
Delevan bows, then she and the retinue are escorted to the prisoners under armed guard.
“I don’t like her,” Daisy says to Jason.
The large man agrees with a nod, not saying a word.
Looking to Jack, Daisy asks, “So, one thought you were an abomination, and this one thinks you’re what, a holy reincarnation?”
“Convenient. I don’t trust them,” Jason comments
“Neither do I, but they’re not shooting anymore,” Jack agrees.
“Maybe they’re just waiting for us to leave?” Daisy posits.
“Leave? Where would we go?” Jack asks.
The air is pregnant with a lack of answers, when Lunarium steps closer. “Jack, the soldier.”
He knows from the memories they shared of whom she speaks; the soldier who rescued her surviving children. “Do you know where he is?”
She nods, reaching out a delicate hand and placing it on his chest. “He’s here.”
Utterly alien to him, Jack can only guess she knows where to guide them. “All right, we’ll go to him,” he says, not fully understanding what he is promising.
****
Presently, back aboard the Endurance, Jack has time to sit and ponder. His thoughts return to the Maker, a mythical figure who has influenced so much. The Denizen race, the Crusade fanatics, rebels, his friends back on Earth, Jason and Daisy, Orin, Lunarium, they are all caught up in this strange web of cosmic coincidence. And now there is a soldier from the stars, and Lunarium’s vague assurance she can guide the ship to his location.
Entering the cargo bay and finding Jack alone with his thoughts, Lunarium approaches. She kneels by him, understanding the tiredness in his body. “Rest.”
He shakes his head, smiling weakly. “Can’t, people need me to make up my mind about what to do next.” He is thinking of the Crusade Forces and the ongoing atrocities committed on a galactic scale, horrors so large he cannot begin to grasp the depths of depravity being carried out so the Denizen can continue to exist. A solution presents itself: “I’m going to find him and put an end to this,” he says with a look of determined consternation.
“Find who Jack?”
“The Maker.”
“Where you dare to journey, there is only death,” Lunarium says, voice full of sorrow.
He nods, understanding the next leg of their journey may be the last. “You don’t have to come with us. You and the others can stay here.”
Smiling away her reverie, Lunarium looks kindly at him., “I need to find the star warrior from the vision. I need to find my children.” Her head turns down, inner conflict threatening to overwhelm as grief, guilt, and helplessness assail her.
Jack reaches out, comforting her, “I’ll help you find them.”
****
Within the Endurance’s cargo hold, Meowskowitz and Orin discuss a course of action.
“We cannot repel another attack.”
“The Crusade will not keep their word to let the refugees go. You’ll need to evacuate.” Orin’s grasp of the situation, coupled with his tactical acumen, can find no other solution.
“But the rebellion! We were to hold the star fort at all costs.”
“And you did your duty. Now it’s time to save those that you can. You’ll need a ship. The Endurance can’t carry you all.”
Pointed ears dip in frustration, as he shakes his head. “It’s hopeless then.”
Brujah, having been eavesdropping while repairing a nearby sensor relay, chimes in, “You’ve got their attention. Tell them to give up one of their smaller ships.”
Meowskowitz’s eyes brighten at the possibility, stunned at the obviousness of the solution. “That… could work.”
Orin nods in approval, “An elegant solution, as always engineer Brujah.”
With a wink and a nod, Brujah accepts the praise, “Glad to have my genius recognized Captain.” And with that, he flips a switch to test his repairs. “Now if you’ll both excuse me. My duties never end.” He trudges off with his mobile tool chest, a squat heavy tracked robot.
Orin relays Brujah’s ‘genius’ plan to Jack. Once back on the star fort proper, he meets with Delevan to explain the demands. “I need a ship, one large enough to take the refugees away from here. Commandant Meowskowitz will oversee the transfer, and once they are well and away from here, I will take you with me on my holy mission.”
Nearly shaking with rage at being told what to do, devious and plotting to give chase to the refugees no matter what, Delevan blurts out her only question, “And where will you go next Lord?”
Pausing, almost able to read her wicked thoughts, Jack gives the answer he knows will allow the refugees the best chance to get clear. “I’m going to meet the Maker.”
Delevan, rage instantly quelled, stands shocked. “How? How will you find him?”
Reaching for the power, his eyes glow violently gold. “Do you doubt me?”
Humbled by the display, Delevan acquiesces and bows. “No, Lord, thank you for allowing me to accompany you. I will make all the preparations you desire so that we can be quickly underway.”
****
Delevan comes aboard the Endurance. Jack explains the arrangement to Orin, who agrees to take on the passenger, providing sleeping quarters and access to non-essential systems.
The Crusade gives up a tactical frigate and the transfer of refugees proceeds without incident. Once the frigate makes it safely into hyperspace, Orin gives the word, and the Endurance moves to the nearest confluence point, preparing for their jump and leaving the rest of the Crusade forces behind to take back control of the star fort.
On the bridge of the Endurance, Orin confers with Jack, “What is our heading?”
“I have no idea.” he whispers.
Lunarium steps forward. Mayani watches her angelic form with reverence from the co-pilot’s chair, as Delevan observes from the rear of the bridge.
I can guide you to where you need to go next, she intones.
Since the black tree and the shared memories, Jack’s trust has cemented with Lunarium. She is an innocent, and with no other options apparent to him he thinks, What do we have to lose?
“Lunarium will be our guide,” he announces, looking to Orin, who nods his assent.
“Mayani, spool up the G drive and ready for the jump.” Standing to attention, he faces the forward view screen—Fuzzball chirrups warmly from her perch on his shoulder.
Mayani prepares to type in the coordinates for the jump. “Destination, Captain?”
Orin looks to Lunarium. She comes forward to Mayani’s station, reaching out a hand. Touching the console, light travels from Lunarium’s body into the navigational computer. Unfamiliar destination coordinates flash, and chevrons lock as the coordinates are accepted. The Endurance makes the jump to hyperspace without incident.

Homecoming
Coming out of hyperspace, Orin waits for the galactic navigational computer to update their location. After a time, the program continues to calculate. Strange, it’s never taken this long. he ponders while Fuzzball snores gently on his shoulder. He reaches up, lightly scratching the small creature behind the ear. It murmurs in its sleep, curling into a tighter ball. Accepting there is no point in waiting for the computer to finish its computations, he decides to find Jack.
He locates the young man looking out of a starboard viewport to the planet below. Approaching, he says, “There are pockets of civilization, it appears to have been a seed planet under Crusade control. Something changed, and now, at least from what the scans can tell us, the planet has been abandoned. The largest of the ruins are here,” he says, holding up a surface scan printout. The amount of detail in the semi-translucent film is astounding. Orin manipulates the thin material with a touch of his fingers to zoom in on a portion of the image, “Here is the most significant settlement. It’s massive.”
Staring at the structure in the image, Jack knows where they are, “Laer…we’re back on Laer? But that’s not possible, where are the people?” he asks, confused, as the implications assail him, “Where’s Lily, and the baby?”
Jack leaves Orin to find Lunarium in the engineering bay.
“Why did you take us to Laer?”
She stares at him, unsure of what he is asking. “You wanted to go where the star warrior came from.”
“The star warrior is from Laer? I don’t understand, was it my father?” trailing off Jack thinks back to what Orin had said. The planet appears abandoned.
“No, this isn’t right. Lily came here with the baby…” Losing himself in thought, he recalls what Laz told him about traveling in the Lazarus Engine, and the effects it could have on time. How long has it been?
The Citadel of Laer still stands, but as ruins. At the main gates, a colossal statue of Jack in the Lazarus engine stands as a silent guardian. Next to it, no less enormous, another icon of a warrior in regal armor, but the face has worn away.
Landing near the Citadel, exiting the drop bay of the Endurance, the group is confronted by rogue Denizen creatures. Vile, scrawny, and dying things, more snapping skeleton than beast. But as quickly as they appear, limping and snarling, they are immediately dispatched by a hooded stranger.
The newcomer wears an eye patch, is massive in size, and is armored. The imposing figure walks directly up to Jack. Orin raises a hand, readying to fire the arm cannon. The security retinue follows suit. The hulking individual slows their approach and pulls the hood back, revealing blue-tinged skin, hair like ocean waves, and a knowing smile, “Glad to see you again, Jack.”
“Precien? What happened here?” he asks, astounded by her transformation.
Looking around, the much-changed Precien answers, “Time, entropy, everything fades. Whatever your father did to me allowed me to survive without the need for the omega chain protein complex. I was given back my long life, and over the years, I…changed,” she explains, glancing down to emphasize her new form.
“What about Lily and the baby?” he asks eagerly.
“She was a kind queen and helped greatly in the rebuilding of Laer. She named your son Arthur. Once he had grown to a man, he was declared king. He possessed the unique trait of longevity, and he eventually stopped aging. His mother, may the Light bless and keep her, after a long life, eventually passed on to the other side. For Laer, there was a time of prosperity, the sciences, the arts, and everything moved forward. The people eventually left the planet to join the galactic pantheon. Some stayed, like me, seeing this place as sacred.”
Jack thinks of the family he would never know, a sense of longing building within. “Are there others?”
Precien does not answer immediately. “Rogues like the ones here,” nodding to the piles of disintegrating Denizen. “There are two others, like me. Come, they’re waiting for you.”
Jack asks Orin and the rest of the crew to remain behind while he, Lunarium, and Precien set off.
The hike to Mount Kaern takes the rest of the day and is uneventful. Jack tells her about the recent events; Laz returning, Earth going dark, the Crusade, and the star fort. Passing through the ruins and abandoned places, Precien recounts Arthur’s exploits. How he eventually took to the stars with a cadre of warriors to fight the Crusade and the Maker. The mention of this confuses him. “Wait,” he says, looking to Lunarium, “was he the one from the vision, the one who saved your two children? But that’s impossible, we were just on the station, and it looked as though Arthur coming and rescuing your children happened in the past?”
Precien answers, explaining the difficult concepts as best she can, “You think of time as a line, or as a never-ending circle. They are both correct and incorrect in their assumptions. Think of the way ships travel through hyperspace as a means of also traveling through time. You’re not traveling in a line or to a destination, you are being picked up from one point in time, and then dropped into another. Lunarium guided your ship to the time you needed to be at the star fort. Now you are here, again by her guidance.”
Jack recalls Laz arriving back in Edge City. He said, ‘Long ago, you named me Laz.’ Hundreds of years must have passed for him, and Arthur.
“But what year is it now?”
Precien smiles, “I haven’t any notion of that. You look as though no time has passed. For you, it is only a few days from when you left. For me, it is several lifetimes. It’s all relative.”
Head spinning with trying to understand the fundamentals of hyperspace and time travel, Jack hikes on, lost in thought as Precien continues recounting the history of Laer.
Presently, the group comes to what was once the Smith’s sanctuary, high up the side of Mount Kaern. Outside the workshop proper, smoke from a campfire wafts in the waning evening sun. Jack ventures towards it and sees two disheveled figures huddling near it.
Drake and Draziel: an old wizened man, and a scrawny mangy thing covered in grey matted fur. After Jack left Laer, Drake accepted his fate, understanding this was the price of his failure. Draziel fell further into madness, and eventually, time took its toll on both of them.
Jack is shocked to see them still alive and in such a state. Draziel drags itself closer, tail weakly wagging, panting, “Jack, love Jack, love…” Wheezing in pained excitement, the time has been especially awful for Draziel.
Drake coughs, then says in a dry-aged voice, “His mind eventually went. Now all he does is lay around or sleep. I feed him, give him water, and carry him when he needs to make waste. He calls for you sometimes, while he dreams. This is the most he’s said in years.” Leaning down shakily, Drake runs a comforting hand across the side of the sad thing, trying to soothe it.
The older man continues, “I’m glad you came back, and I know you don’t owe me anything. I failed in my duties, and this is my penance. But I beg you, please release him from this eternal torment. My heart broke long ago, yet I still have a deep need to ease his suffering.” Tears stream down the ancient man’s leathery cheeks as he asks for absolution.
Feeling pity for the creature, his former tormentor, Jack kneels and gently strokes the head of the tragic beast. Finally forgiving Draziel, he permits him a kindness. “I love you,” he whispers. Draziel’s head turns slightly, cataracts eyes gazing up, holding nothing but unconditional love.
“I can release you, both?” Jack asks.
Nodding, tears trailing down his cheeks, Drake accepts this is the end. He lowers himself down to the ground and holds Draziel in his arms. With a thought, Jack releases them both. Slowly, peacefully, they fill with light and painlessly turn to ash.
Wiping away tears of profound sorrow, the young man gets back to his feet. This journey has been long and trying, but there is further yet to go.
Lunarium stands nearby as a silent witness to the act.
Precien, standing by patiently, speaks first, “Jack…”
“I’m fine. We should go.”
Nodding in understanding, she follows him down the mountain. It is dark, but the luminescence from Precien lights the way. After a time, she speaks, “I wanted you to see them first before I gave you this.” Coming to a stop, she produces a small box made of something that looks like a metallic crystal. The item is tiny in her large hand.
Jack takes it neatly from her, turning it over. “What is it?”
“It’s a message from Arthur.”
He stops turning the box over, holding it reverently. His mind struggles with what it can mean to receive a message from a son he never met. “I don’t…”
Precien gently interrupts, explaining more, “It will only react to your touch. When you’re ready, say his name, and the message will play.”
Preparing himself, he pauses. “Can I play it again later?”
“Yes, you can,” she says with a warm smile.
“Good, good.” Taking a breath, Jack says the name of his son, “Arthur.”
The box begins to glow and thrum with power. Blue, red and yellow dots of light appear on the outside of the item, then grow in intensity. A hard light projection appears around the immediate area. Where once Jack, Lunarium, and Precien stood in the low woodlands at the base of Mount Kaern, the space around them appears like the interior of a well-lit massive stone cathedral.
“The throne room of your father.” Precien remarks in an astonished whisper.
Lunarium remains silent, taking in the grandeur of the place.
Reminiscent of a feudal lord’s grand hall, the area is one hundred meters square. Large stained-glass windows allow natural light to flood in. Electric lights replace iron braziers on the walls but do not interrupt the place’s aesthetic. There are a set of massive doors at one end and a raised dais made of white marble at the center. There are no people. Jack looks closer at the stained-glass windows on one side of the structure and is surprised to see an accounting of his arrival on Laer: the wildlands, Lake Tratone, the Great Tree, returning to the Citadel and the epic battle, and finally himself rising out of the fires of Mount Kaern. On the opposite side of the structure, more stained-glass windows tell a different story. The first panel displays Lily arriving in the Lazarus engine. The next shows her holding a swaddled baby. Then, she appears standing behind a strong young man wearing a crown. In the terminal window, Lily seems matronly and still beautiful. He stares at the image of her for a long time before a voice announces itself from behind him, “Father?”
Spinning around, Jack sees the young man from the remainder of the stained-glass windows standing impossibly before him. He is the same height as his father, same hair, overall build, and jawline, but with his mother’s eyes, nose, and ears. Jack sees both himself and Lily in the face of Arthur.
“Son?” he whispers as tears fall down his cheeks.
The hard light projection is a recording, and it was scripted as such. The simulacra of Arthur takes a step forward and faces Jack. “Father, I’m glad you were able to make it this far.” The simulation pauses for a moment, smiling awkwardly. “I wish I could have met you in person, but like you, there are people I have to look after. People I must keep safe.”
Jack nods, understanding the burden of people’s lives counting on your actions. He sees the same weight of purpose and responsibility in his son’s eyes.
Arthur appears to struggle to say the next, “Mother spoke of you often, when she was still with us.” Now it is time for the messenger to cry. Tears of a son missing his mother fall down the young man’s simulated cheeks. “She was so strong and brave. She told me all about you and what you meant to her. I want to say thank you. Thank you for keeping my mother and me safe. It has been hard without you, but I hope I’ve become a man you would want me to be.”
Jack laughs, nodding his head, and wipes his tears away. “You have,” he says, even though he knows Arthur cannot hear him.
“Precien, and so many others, have given me so much. So, I decided to give something back. I have been alive for a long time, and Laer is prosperous. We’ve reached the stars, and I’ve decided to go further. There are so many things I want to tell you, but we don’t have that much time. One of the remaining oracles, someone mother, Precien, and I trust, has told me of a place where I can find two special beings that can help me liberate others from the Maker and the Crusade. They are far, and the journey will be long, but I am leaving soon to find and free them. Their names are…”
“Eos and Ao.” Lunarium’s voice echoes through Precien’s and Jack’s minds at the same time Arthur speaks their names. Tears of starlight fall from her cheeks as the weight of destiny presses upon those tied to Jack.
“They need me; so many people need my help, and I’m afraid. I don’t know what is going to happen. All I can do is move forward and protect those that cannot protect themselves.”
Lily’s words coming from Arthur’s mouth are painfully precious to Jack.
“I have to go now, and I want you to know I love you. Thank you for loving mom and thank you for giving me this amazing life. I love you. Goodbye.”
The message ends, and so does the hard light projection. The image of Arthur frozen in simulated time lingers a moment then dissipates as the device powers down. The night is darker in the wilderness, but Precien’s glow chases away the shadows. She comes closer, offering her embrace. Jack goes to her, and they hold one another. “Thank you for this,” he says, choked up with emotion.
She nods, “You’re most welcome. I’m glad I got to see Arthur again. It’s been a while.”
As the two separate from their embrace, Lunarium comes closer. “Thank you, Jack. You saved me, and now I understand it was your son who freed my children. I cannot thank you or him enough.”
Jack can only nod, still overwhelmed with the emotions of this short trip. They continue their journey back to the ship, talking amiably, and sharing stories as time passes. Precien comes aboard the vessel and is introduced to the crew. Of course, it is Brujah who makes a spectacle of himself. “Daisy, I have found another more beautiful primitive. I cannot shower you with my attention anymore.”
Precien and Daisy are both taken aback by the pronouncement. Brujah moves closer to Precien, looking her massive form up and down. “Among my people, large females are the most beautiful,” he says, awkwardly staring up into Precien’s eyes.
She chuckles at his antics and allows him to stare.
Orin has to intervene, or the young alien would have continued gawking at her. “Engineer Brujah.”
Snapping out of his amorous state, he comes to attention. “Captain.”
“Perhaps you’d like to give our new guest a tour of the ship.”
“No, really, I’m fine,” Precien protests.
Reaching out to take her hand Brujah insists, “It would be my pleasure.”
As his hand touches Precien’s arm, she explodes into action. Grabbing Brujah, twisting his arm, she picks him up aloft and slams him down to the deck. No one moves to stop her or act. She takes a step back, abashed. “Among my people, touching another is considered rude without permission. I apologize if I injured your Engineer, Captain Orin.”
Dazed but uninjured, and even more enamored, Brujah picks himself up from the floor quickly, and bows low. “Please accept my apologies. I will endeavor to correct my behavior.”
Seeing no harm done, Orin trembles slightly, trying to contain his amusement. It is the only time Mayani has ever seen him like this, which causes her to chuckle.
“Engineer Brujah, are you all right?” the Captain’s voice struggles not to laugh and maintain a demeanor of poised leadership.
Oblivious to Orin’s amusement, or Mayani’s laughter, Brujah stares slack-jawed at the imposing figure of Precien. “I’m fine, Captain, just stunned by the power and beauty of this Precien.”
Seeing the Engineer for what he is, a juvenile male, with innocent albeit crude intentions, Precien acquiesces, “Engineer Brujah, if you would like to show me around the ship, without touching me, I would like that.” The awkwardness of her phrasing causes Jack, Jason, and Daisy to smile. The only one not entertained, seemingly fuming with pent up anger, is Delevan. She sits at the back of the bridge alone, watching the infidels amuse themselves with their antics, loathe to be amongst them any longer than necessity dictates. Lunarium watches with fascinated detachment. Her thoughts turned inward at the news of her children’s fate at the hands of Jack’s son.
Bubbling with excitement, Brujah leads Precien off the bridge for a tour of the Endurance. After they leave, the others share a good-natured laugh and a much-needed reprieve from the seriousness of their adventures.
After a few minutes, Jack finds himself sitting silently in thought on the bridge while the others busy themselves.
Jason moves to stand by the Captain. “What do we do next?” he asks.
Hearing the question, Daisy speaks up. “Can we try to get home?”
Orin looks to Lunarium, “She could guide us, but there isn’t enough fuel. We’re not stranded, just …” as he speaks, the ship’s computers finally finish calculating their position in galactic space. Disbelief over the distance they traveled fills him, “…that’s not possible.”
“What?” Jason asks.
“We’ve come to the edge of the Prime System,” the Captain says with awe-filled reverence.
Delevan finally speaks up, “It is true then! You have made it this far, and the Maker waits within reach.”
“What is the Prime System?” Daisy asks.
Jack, lost in thought, turns his attention to the exchange.
Orin continues to explain, “The Prime System is a holy land of sorts, the first major expansion of the Maker’s empire. It is said there is a doorway leading to the Maker, and he would send among the chosen people a key…”
“You know of the holy relic?” Delevan questions in an accusatory tone.
“A key? You mean this?” Jack asks. Pulling open his shirt, he reveals the melded portions of the device embedded in his chest. “Laz said it was a key.”
Delevan’s eyes fill with tears of joy. “At last…” With a thought, she activates an internal transmitter. Bridge alarms begin to blare in a loud cacophony.
“What’s happening?” Daisy cries out.
Jason growls, skin darkening as his threat response kicks in.
Orin quiets the audible alerts, and then turns a murderous glare towards Delevan. “She just transmitted our coordinates to the Crusade fleet. I’ve stopped the transmission, but they know where we are now.”
Jack smiles ironically. “That was your plan the whole time, wasn’t it? Find the Maker, complete some holy mission?” Shaking his head in disgust, he turns away.
Slightly panicked, Daisy looks around. “What do we do?”
Jason rushes to Delevan, body transitioning to shadow form. He growls a challenge, “We fight!”
“Wait!” Orin shouts, “We’ve traveled an unbelievably far distance, it will take time for the signal to reach them, and time for them to travel here.”
Jason holds Delevan by the throat, waiting for the robot Captain to continue.
“How long?” Jack asks calmly.
Quickly calculating the numbers, accounting for variances in spatial anomalies, “Two point three years before arrival, barring any unforeseen variables.”
The fanatic intensity in Delevan’s eyes never fades, even as she chokes, “My work is complete. The Maker and his Crusade will be reunited.”
“You didn’t know where the Maker was? This whole time you, and the rest, have just been going about your duties, never wondering why the Maker chose to hide his location?” Jack asks.
Jason, not understanding the scope of what is happening, asks for guidance, “What do we do now?”
“Don’t kill her, we may need her later.”
Jason nods, releasing Delevan, and with Orin’s help, they restrain her in an impromptu brig aboard the Endurance.
Jack, retaking a leadership role, decides on a course of action, “Lunarium, Arthur and your children are still out there, but I need your help.”
She nods, already knowing what he is going to ask.
They devise a plan to control the arrival of the Crusade forces. Jack asks Precien to act as a guard for the prisoner Delevan. She agrees, and they will both remain on Laer until the Endurance can return and extricate them. If they cannot return, then Delevan will be stranded on Laer, with the Crusade no closer to finding the Maker. There is too much risk in taking the prisoner any further along their journey. They all agree that to reunite the Maker with the Crusade forces would not help their cause.
It will take the Denizen armada time to get anywhere close to this sector of space. They can use that time to find Arthur and Lunarium’s children.
On the surface of Laer, two compatriots say their goodbyes. “Thank you for doing this.” Jack says, nodding at the restrained Delevan, “and thank you for looking after Lily and Arthur,” he says sincerely.
“Good luck on the path before you. Until we meet again, may the light guide you and keep you,” Precien says before embracing her friend one last time.

The Prime System
After Jack comes back aboard the Endurance, the ship prepares to leave.
Brujah comes over the ship intercom, “Captain, I’ve been looking at the fuel reserves and thought you should know we’re getting thin.”
Captain Orin replies, “I see it. Keep me apprised.”
“Yes sir, Brujah out.”
Turning to Jack, Orin asks, “Where to next?”
The young man turns to Lunarium. “Where are we going?”
“Only you know that answer. You must look inside yourself to find the doorway to the Maker.”
Thinking about the meaning of her words, Jack recalls his time on Laer. The recent reunion with Draziel brings back the memory of the beach, and how he remembered a name he never consciously knew. Closing his eyes, Jack focuses on the idea of a doorway leading to the Maker. A numbness builds in his chest, and he feels sick, “I think I know where it is, but it’s a feeling. I don’t know how to describe it.”
“Let me help.” Coming closer, Lunarium puts her hands on either side of his head. Closing her golden eyes for a moment, “There, I’ve got the location. We can go when you’re ready, Captain.”
Orin nods. “How far? We’re running precariously low on fuel.”
“We’ll make it.”
Nodding understanding, the Captain issues orders, “Mayani, prep for the jump.”
“Aye, Captain.”
With Lunarium’s help, the Endurance makes the jump to hyperspace and the last leg of their journey.
The trip only lasts a few minutes. As they re-enter real space, the sight before them takes their collective breath away.
The system is made up of numerous stars and planets collected and held impossibly in space, defying the laws of gravity. The Maker’s acolytes created shrine worlds. Whole planets, every square inch covered in statues, parks, reliquaries, temples, libraries, and more, all tributes to his greatness. A once proud kingdom is now in disrepair. Planet after planet, the scans reveal them to be empty and desolate, like some perfectly preserved grand mausoleum.
Further into the system, they begin to find what look to be epic statues floating in space. Too colossal to be real, they are the skeletal remains of the last immortals to fight back against the Maker—Titanic creatures of pure cosmic horror. Their ossified forms have fused with time and gravity to create small planetoids. The Endurance, a quick ship, weaves a course through the detritus of the Schisms’ final battle.
Mayani, struggling at the controls, warns, “Captain, we’ve got room to maneuver, but I’ll need a heading.”
Coming to the co-pilot’s station, Jack leans in close, staring straight ahead at the forward view screen. “That way, we need to go there,” he says, pointing in the direction that will bring the Endurance to the very epicenter of the strange space.
After some superlative piloting, the Endurance arrives in orbit around a massive planetoid, the size of a medium-sized moon. From the outside, it looks like a bloated sea creature. Numerous spines cover its body, dozens of tentacles reach out in silent frozen effort, and what would have been a gargantuan mouth is crammed full of mountain range sized carcasses of frozen Denizen titans.
After several minutes of pause, Orin asks, “Do we land?”
Jack, concentrating, feels a deep pull from within, but not towards the planet. “We need to align the ship with the planetoid, and then travel in that direction,” he indicates, pointing a hand at the starboard bulkhead.
Mayani looks confused, and raises her concerns. “Captain. There’s nothing out there, just the void.”
Considering how far they have come, and all he has seen, Orin decides to trust in the unseen. “Plot a course in parallel with the planetoid. Take us into the black. Full thruster burn.”
“Captain, the fuel reserves? At full burn, we’ll run out…”
“I know the calculations on fuel consumption co-pilot Mayani. Plot the course and give us a full burn.”
Trusting in her Captain, she obeys. “Aye Captain.” With a few deft keystrokes across the control board, “Course plotted, full burn on your order.”
The Endurance reorients away from the planetoid. Before the forward view screen is the pitch-black emptiness of void space. “The order is given.”
The utter emptiness of endless starless space consumes them as the ship powers off, and beyond the prime system. Somewhere out there in the black is the entrance to the Maker’s hidden sanctum.
After traveling for hours in a direction with no apparent end, warning klaxons blare, and the ship rocks jarringly.
“Report,” Orin orders.
Mayani, struggling to maintain their course, fights the controls of the ship, her multiple limbs racing across the control console. “Captain, it came out of nowhere,” she yells as the vessel continues to buck and pull.
“What is it?” Jack shouts, holding tight to a safety rail.
“We’re caught in the event horizon of a gravity well. The Endurance doesn’t have enough fuel to break free, and we’re being pulled further in.”
Brujah’s voice comes over the intercom, “Captain, the engines are coming out of balance. Whatever you’re doing we need to stop and correct them before the ship pulls itself apart.” His voice cuts out as the intercom, and several other ship-wide systems, fail from the pressures exerted on them.
“Stop,” Jack says. The entire ship, and all space and time around them halts. He quickly goes to the crew, releasing them in turn from time’s grasp.
Gathering on the bridge, Brujah begins to explain their situation. “If Jack can let me work on the engines, I can get them back in balance.”
“That’s not the only problem,” Mayani adds, “we are almost out of fuel, and we don’t have the necessary amount to break free of the gravity well.”
Jason speaks up. “I’m sorry, what’s a gravity well?”
To everyone’s surprise, it is Jack who answers, “It’s a black hole, and I don’t know how, but the Maker is responsible for it.”
Orin is shaking his head. “No, gravity wells are impossible to create or control.”
Jack looks him in the eyes. “Well, here we are. Sitting on the edge of a black hole, exactly where I have to be.”
“It would explain why the scans didn’t pick it up earlier. If it was somehow ‘made’ by the Maker, perhaps he engineered it in a way that avoided active area scans,” Mayani offers, silently astounded by the implications.
Orin, finding the science lacking behind the explanation, but by no means, an expert in gravitational physics concedes, “Fine, we can fix the engines, but we don’t have enough fuel. Where does that leave us?”
Daisy voices an opinion, “I’m sorry if this is a silly suggestion. But what about hyperspace? Isn’t that how we traveled earlier? Couldn’t the ship just hyperspace us out of here.”
Brujah shakes his head. “Jumping to hyperspace, while still in the event horizon would annihilate the ship. That, and we’re nowhere near a confluence point to make the jump.”
Not understanding all the explanations, Daisy nods.
“It wasn’t a silly suggestion, by the way,” Brujah offers, “Just an uninformed one.”
“I can create a confluence point, and Jack can fuel the ship,” Lunarium announces.
From her perch on Orin’s shoulder, Fuzzball chirrups in agreement. Looking to the small creature, then questioningly to Lunarium, the Captain asks, “I believe you can do a great many things, but confluence points are naturally occurring. And even if you could create one, how can Jack fuel the ship?”
“With Jack’s help, I can create a temporary confluence point. He can utilize his power to give us enough energy for a jump…”
Brujah interrupts, “Sorry, but that’s not going to work. We have to know where we’re going, which is based on the nature and orientation of the confluence point we are leaving from. Then we need to know how much fuel to add to the G drive to make the jump to where we’re going. Without that information, all we’d be doing is falling through hyperspace randomly on an unknown amount of fuel.”
“Not random. I can guide us safely away from here and back into real space. But you are right, we would have no idea how much energy Jack is putting into the engines. The distance we travel could be small or great. We would be away from the gravity well, but effectively lost somewhere in space.”
“So, stay and be destroyed, or jump and be lost?” Brujah asks.
After a few minutes pause, “It seems like our only option at this point,” Orin says thoughtfully.
“But what about finding the Maker?” Jason asks, looking to Jack.
“I’ve already found him. He’s out there, in the gravity well. It’s a doorway or a gate. I’m not sure.”
“Not sure isn’t a good place to make decisions from,” Brujah offers.
“I know what I have to do. I have to go out there.”
They all fall silent at Jack’s proclamation to leave the Endurance. After a time, Mayani speaks first. “Jack, you are miraculous, but that is the most destructive force in the known cosmos out there. Even if you can survive in space, it will kill you.”
“I know there is no coming back from where I’m going,” he says solemnly.
“No, we didn’t come all this way to let you kill yourself,” Daisy protests.
“There has to be another way,” Jason offers.
“I need you all to trust me. I know I must go out there to face him. If Lunarium says I can help get you out of here, and safe, then I will. But I cannot run away from this. The Denizen have to be stopped, and the Maker is the source.”
Not wanting to draw the discussion on any longer, Orin takes command. “Fine, you’ll leave through the aft airlock after the repairs are made. You can change your mind at any point, and no one will blame you.”
Jack nods in agreement. The decision made, the mood is anxious as the repairs are completed.
Outside the aft airlock, the others have gathered and are not sure what to say to the young hero. Again, Orin takes the lead, coming forward and offering his hand. “I’ve never met a human before. I am impressed and humbled by the experience.” The young man shakes the Captain’s hand. Chirruping, Fuzzball takes flight, fluttering its wings. It lands on Jack’s shoulder. Holding his face against its small body, it licks him on the cheek. Chirruping again, it returns to Orin, who strokes its body gently, glad of the tiny creature’s company.
Brujah steps forward next, looking Jack up and down. Straightening to full height, he flexes his armor, and it creaks under strain. He relaxes and holds out a hand, mimicking the Captain and says, “Bananas.”
A look of confusion paints itself across Jack’s face. “Bananas?”
Mayani turns an inquisitive glare upon the engineer. Even the Captain tilts his head, curious where this is going.
“I was able to research your home world’s history. Your species comes from tree-dwelling, hairy creatures who worshipped bananas. I didn’t read all of it, and I’ll admit it was confusing, but I just want you to know, Bananas, Jack. Now, travel safe, you brave primitive.”
Not sure how to respond, Jack pauses a few moments to process the absurdity of Brujah’s proclamation. Then he smiles and shakes his hand.
Orin shakes his head at the engineer. Mayani stares at her shipmate, befuddled and speechless until Jack moves to stand before her. She takes a deep breath. “I don’t know what you are, but thank you for illuminating me.” Her voice is sincere as she bows deeply. Jack returns the gesture.
Daisy comes forward. “Please, you don’t have to do this.”
Jack holds open his arms, and she embraces him. “I’m sorry I didn’t get you home.” Stepping back from her, he turns to Orin. “Captain, these are my friends, please look after them, and get them home.”
Orin stands to attention; both Mayani and Brujah follow suit. “On my honor, it will be done,” he intones, then salutes with a closed fist over his breast. The co-pilot and engineer salute in unison with him.
Jason moves closer, offers his hand, and then pulls the other man into a firm embrace. “Thank you.”
Jack nods at the larger man, not needing to say anything further.
Lunarium is the last in the line, waiting by the airlock hatch, “You saved me, and gave me a chance to find my children. I will do all I can to help get your friends home. Thank you, Jack.”
The goodbyes said, Jack steps inside the airlock. After exiting the Endurance, floating out into the void, he waits a few minutes then releases the ship from time's hold. Lunarium keeps her promise, and the vessel makes a blind jump into hyperspace.
Hovering in the bleak emptiness, with the infinite horror of the black hole before him, Jack looks inward. He releases the space anomaly from time's grasp, and from the well of elemental power, he focuses on one thought, The Maker.
After a few moments of fighting the colossal forces of gravity, a doorway of light appears before him. Jack wrestles time back under his hold, holding the event horizon at bay. He moves towards the door of light. He pauses, thinking of lost loved ones and friends, before he passes the threshold.

The Maker’s Workshop
The doorway of lights opens into an alternate pocket dimension. Stepping through, the young man finds himself surrounded by cyclopean machines connected to miles upon miles of pipes and cables of all sizes. Mechanical works abound, towering mountains of devices, instruments, and creations. The actual facility is a Dyson Sphere, a structure surrounding and harnessing the power of a star.
The entire pocket of reality is essentially a workshop—a 360-degree design with an operating theater and living quarters in the center. From the central location, massive thoroughfares lead out into and around the studio proper. Each pathway is a different aspect of study and illumination. Metal, wood, stone, and all sorts of exotic materials make up massive shelves, impossibly tall, reaching for a ceiling that appears to go on forever. A titanic expanse, still oppressive with the sheer amount of material stored there. There are no stars, just a black space far above.
Most of the structure has walking areas on different levels to provide access to the billions of tomes, scrolls, parchments, maps, and profundity of other scholarly relics. Some places were utilized for alien laboratories, engineering bays with massive armaments, deactivated robotic warriors, strange vehicles, and some more familiar items: a partially completed Viking longboat, a turn of the century biplane, and a partially disassembled steam locomotive.
It takes Jack the better part of a day to find his way to the Maker. Passing by numerous laboratories for chemical, biological, and physical sciences and so many more fields of study, his human mind cannot imagine their purpose.
Working diligently at one such laboratory is a strange squat looking creature, standing only three feet tall, overly round, with long grey facial hair braided and draped across its back. It stands on two muscular legs, and two excessively long arms protrude from its bulbous torso manipulating alien instruments. Its face is sharp and angular, but with the sagging quality of something ancient.
“Welcome, traveler!” the Maker exclaims as he sees the younger man for the first time.
This is it? Jack thinks to himself.
Reading the look on his face, the mad god comments out of hand, “What were you expecting? Some titanic monster gobbling up stars and babies?!” The old creature laughs maniacally.
Not deigning to relax, Jack moves forward, the force of will to end this quickly a tangible thing.
Seeing the young man as no threat, the Maker stands awkwardly and offers him the chair. “Please, sit here a moment, then you can do what you came to do.”
Taken aback by the calm disarming demeanor, Jack pauses, choosing to give the creature a few more moments of life. Growing since coming into his powers, Jack’s hubris is a flaw he has failed to recognize in himself. He has, on a fundamental level, accepted his abilities as insurmountable, with the implication being, he could end the Maker. He has given no thought to the consequences, nor the possibility of losing the coming battle. The old creature knows about this flaw of hubris in the younger man, for yet unknown reasons, and premised its next words carefully.
“Please, sit,” the Maker insists. Without waiting for Jack to decide what to do, knowing the younger man will demur, he moves to gather refreshments from a nearby metal locker.
As he gathers something to eat and drink, the mad god asks the first question, “Why did you come to me?”
Jack, the confidence in his powers assured, answers, “To end you.”
The doddering senior brings a tray of exotic confections and a golden yellow carafe of liquid. Pouring equal measure of drink into two chalices, he places one before Jack.
Alert to threats, the young hero hesitates to drink.
Sitting down in another nearby chair, the wizened Maker takes a sip of the beverage, and seeing Jack’s hesitance laughs, “You could end me with a blast from your eyes, or rend me limb from limb with your physical strength, and you think I’d use poison? Oh, lad, you have much to learn. I do not want to harm you. I want to teach you.”
Piquing Jack’s interest, and playing to his hubris, the Maker explains how he came to this place. When the Ancients began to die off, he realized he could not save his race, and he knowingly administered a flawed cure. The long term effects of the black promise were no secret to him. When the first of the Ancients fell to beasts, he was already close to a solution. Quickly developing the omega protein chain complex into a workable option, he gave a proclamation: “We will endure. Not all of us need be monsters. Some of us, many of us will fall to the Black Promise. But this I guarantee, we will live on and rule this universe for eternity.”
For Jack, the experience of the Maker’s narration is similar to when he shared the memories of Lunarium’s children and the black tree. Time dilates and collapses down so he can experience years of politicking, scientific discovery, maddening searching for something to give hope, and then a solution. Jack witnesses it all.
Coming back to the Maker sitting before him, with little real-time passed, he asks, “Why are you in this place?”
The older being smiles, proud of his efforts to connect, and ultimately twist Jack to his nefarious designs. Not indicating his intent, the Maker deflects with a question of his own. “The better question is why you are here? What of your family and friends, those you left behind? Once you enter this place, it is impossible to leave.”
Jack sits silently. He only sought to end the Maker, But what comes after? He quietly wonders.
Seeing the inner turmoil, the Maker continues, “The ones you love, they told you to come here, didn’t they? To defeat me? And what, you think your powers give you the right to end my life? Do you think with me gone, anything will change?”
The intensity of the words increases. Without waiting for Jack to answer, he continues, “The designs I have put in place, the Crusade fleets, my Generals! You think all of that will change?” Shaking with emotion, the Maker takes a breath and calms himself. “Please forgive me. I wanted you to find me, and I need your help.”
“Help?” Jack laughs aloud.
A malicious look passes briefly over the ancient creature’s face, but is quickly replaced with calm and caring eyes. “Only you can take up the cause, and keep the Denizen from devolving into beasts. Without you, billions of lives will be lost, entire worlds decimated. A cataclysm will befall the galaxy if you don’t stand by my side to reign in the chaos. The Crusade is already faltering. I need you to take the reins and lead my forces. The universe needs you.”
The younger man’s mind races. He’s insane, there is no way I’m helping him. Yet, the hubris in Jack responds to the Maker’s words. Taking a moment, he considers what it would mean. If I were to lead the Crusade, maybe I could change things?
Seeing Jack’s struggle, the Maker makes his move. “I never wanted to use children. You must believe I tried everything, every conceivable combination of the sciences I could conceive. But nothing could provide the amounts of the cure we needed. You asked me why I exist in this place? It is a pocket reality, guarded by a singularity of my own making. Nothing can enter, except one as special as you. And nothing can leave.” The ominousness of the last sentence hangs in the air.
“Even now, I carry on my work to devise a cure that won’t involve children. I am so close, Jack, and I need you to help complete my work.”
“You said ‘nothing can leave.’ Does that mean you are trapped here?”
Madness crosses the Maker’s features, and his head snaps to the left and right. With a long pause and a sharp inhalation of breath he replies, “I was much younger then, more idealistic. I designed this place so, should my resolve ever falter, if I tried to leave, the pocket dimension would collapse in on itself.” After the explanation leaves its lips, the creature visibly relaxes and takes a sip from the glass. “And I would assume since you made it inside, should you try to leave, the same fate would befall you, as it would me.”
The Maker’s insidious nature and relentless madness make him an opponent unlike any Jack has ever faced. Before speaking with the ancient Denizen, Jack planned on destroying him outright. But now the elder fiend has driven a wedge of hesitation into the young man’s mind, giving him pause. “All right, so you’re here to find a better cure. Let’s say I believe you. Why do you need me?”
“The universe has a way of self-correcting. You’ve no doubt seen some of the creatures the Crusade utilizes to pilot its ships? Well, those creatures and occasionally fractious artificial intelligence programs arise as a means of correcting what should have already come to pass. I am at war with creation itself. I harnessed the elemental force that created this universe and slaved it to my will. It occasionally revolts, and someone like you arrives at my doorstep.”
“Someone like me?” Jack is taken aback by the mad king’s pronouncement. He bolts upright from his chair and calls on the power within. But it will not come.
The Maker smiles, “You see, while I had you distracted, I was analyzing at what frequency your ‘powers’ resonate. I have a series of inhibitors, more advanced than anything left to the Crusades, which allowed me to neutralize them. And now, you’re mine.”
Lunging from the chair with remarkable speed, the fiend is upon Jack in an instant. The young man tries to fight back but is overcome by the thing’s strength and rendered unconscious.
****
Jack sleeps and dreams of an all-black room with a single hanging lamp above him. There are no walls and no ceiling, just an endless void. From the darkness, three figures visit him.
The first comes walking slowly into the dim light. Kraveetz appears as the young man last remembers him. Smiling to himself, Jack rushes forward and embraces his friend. Stepping back, tears streaming, he laments, “I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you.”
The older man shakes his head, smiling, “I know, son, I know.”
“Where are we? Why are you here?” the young hero asks.
Smiling and shaking his head, Kraveetz answers, “I’m not sure where here is. You’re not dead, and you’ve got to prepare yourself for what’s next. I’m here because I have something to tell you. When you saved Speedwell all those years ago, you were willing to sacrifice yourself for her. I saw it in you then, a selfless, fearless drive. That’s how I know you’re going to do the right thing when the time comes.”
Jack stands quietly, not understanding the cryptic portions of his friend’s message. “What do I have to do?”
Taking Jack by the shoulders, Kraveetz looks him in the eye. “You’ll know. Now, come here,” he says, pulling the younger man into a final embrace. “I have to go now. I’m so proud of you, Jack. I love you son; thank you for letting me be a part of your story.”
The wizened veteran police officer, a long time mentor and dear friend walks away. His form dissipates into smoke, and then nothing, as the darkness of the dreamscape engulfs him.
An unknown amount of time passes while Jack ponders his friend’s words of foreboding. A soft shuffling sound draws his attention. Draziel appears, looking different than Jack has ever seen him: not as the ominous Man in Black or a decrepit old beast, but an older wizened man, blind and frail, walking hesitantly out of the surrounding blackness. This new phantom stops just short of the young man. Neither says anything for a long time.
Draziel breaks the silence first. “Thank you for forgiving me, Jack,” he says softly.
Jack whispers, “You hurt me for years by letting me grow up with those bastards.” The memory of pain from his early life is overwhelming, and he breaks down crying.
Draziel, still loving Jack and hating the pain he caused, collapses into wracking pathetic sobs next to the young hero. “I had to, I had to make you strong.”
Jack, wiping away his tears, asks, “Why?”
Looking up with blind crying eyes, “Because others failed, where you will succeed.”
Jack shakes his head, not understanding. Then he remembers forgiving Draziel. He goes to the past tormentor. Leaning down, he holds the crying fiend for a time. “It’s all right now, I still forgive you.”
Crying so hard he has to gasp for air, Draziel clutches at the young man. “Thank you, Jack. I love you.”
With that final proclamation, the Denizen dissipates into a cool mist, leaving Jack alone again with his thoughts. Kraveetz mentioned sacrifice, Draziel said ‘others failed.’ Something is coming, and I have no idea what it means.
Time seems to linger longer before the last arrival visits him. The single hanging lamp in the space begins to pulse, then builds to blinding intensity. Jack must close his eyes, and when the blazing light finally dims, he opens them to the last visitor. He rushes forward, grabbing her in a crushing embrace. “Lily!”
When she does not answer, he takes a step back. “Am I dead?”
She stands there perfectly still, and says calmly, “No, you still have more to do.”
Jack does not understand. The bittersweet reunion is almost unbearable. “I want to be with you.”
She smiles, coming forward, and kisses him sweetly. Pulling back from one another, she asks, “But what about before me, Jack? What about the night we met?”
A confused look passes over his features. “The night we met? You saved me, gave me hope.”
“No, I didn’t save you. For years you survived on your own before we met. I was blessed to meet you and love you, but I never saved you. When we met, I knew you were already strong and endured so much. Remember this, you can overcome anything, just as you are.
The hanging lamp begins to dim, and the dreamscape starts to fade to obscurity. Lily starts to walk away, but Jack rushes forward, taking hold of her hand. “Please don’t go.”
The light continues to fade, and the space around them is almost pitch black. Lily leans in, kissing him again and holding him tight before whispering the last of her message. “I love you, and you’ll have to make a sacrifice, but remember: don’t be afraid of what comes next; don’t fear what comes after.” And with those final words, she does not dissipate like the others but instead blazes suddenly as a brilliant all-consuming luminosity.
****
Blinking away the blinding light of the dreamscape, Jack wakes and finds himself strapped to an upright metal operating table. Head unrestrained, his neck snaps around, trying to get a bearing on the surroundings. He is in a different location than before.
The central living area of the massive workshop was austere and Spartan, free of clutter and detritus. There are living quarters large enough to house a dozen people comfortably. Each of the smaller spaces is furnished with unique styles and décor. It all goes together well and appears meticulously thought out.
At the center of the living space, facing Jack, is a massive exotic metal bunker, hundreds of meters high and wide. Out of place with the aesthetics of the living area, the structure appears to be both liquid and solid.
The Maker sits at a central long wooden table in front of the bunker reading an overlarge tome. The illuminations within are hand-carved illustrations of his achievements; birth, life as a scientist, the fall of the Ancients and his family, finding the Black Promise, his rise to power, the Schism, and eventual retreat to this place.
“You’ve finally come around. Let’s have a look at you.” The round creature is gone, but the voice from this older man is the same. The Maker’s features and build have entirely changed; he appears now as a much older version of Jack. Coming closer to the restraint table, squinting, he grabs the younger man’s trapped hand, studying it intensely.
Shocked by the amount of strength being exerted by the Maker, Jack relaxes under the inspection. “You knew I would come?” he asks while the creature goes about the ministrations.
“It was inevitable,” the older man comments matter of factly.
Focusing on reaching for the powers within, Jack glances down at the key in his chest. One light glows dimly as he thinks of Lily, and then goes out. “I’m going to stop you,” he says calmly, tone brooking no room for misunderstanding.
Not having seen the dull pulse of light, the ancient Denizen smiles with secret knowledge. “You cannot stop a God. No, you shall remain here imprisoned. Like me and the others.” There is no malice in the fiend’s voice, just diamond-hard surety.
Taken aback for a moment, and terrified by the Maker’s intensity, Jack asks, “Why do you look like me?”
“Now, there, you have it wrong. You look like me. Your father, all the Praetorians, were clones of the original. You are an abomination and shouldn’t exist, as I forbade my soldiers from bearing children,” he says, wagging finger in a tutting motion, belying his utter confidence and domination. “And as to my appearance….” closing both eyes, the Maker changes form rapidly back to the diminutive creature Jack first saw. With more effort, the ancient being takes several steps backward and transforms quickly into a towering beast, “…you are not the only one with powers, boy.”
The monumental Denizen moves to the exotic metal bunker. Placing a giant clawed hand on the surface, the structure reacts to the touch. Trails of light, impossible equations, and fractal images ignite across the surface in molten red casting a dull menacing glow over the immediate area. The wall of the metal bunker ripples and begins to reform, revealing the hidden things within.
To Jack’s horror, he sees numerous bodies, naked and floating in different colored fluids, all immobile. Some are so severely damaged, he cannot tell what they once were. But the others, he sees clearly. The bodies in the tanks are him, exact replicas of himself from different stages of life, a young boy, a baby, a teenager, an older man—so many hundreds of tanks but all the same. All of them are different reflections of Jack.
With cold maniacal surety, the Maker explains, “You see, the universe has at its core a power source. Some call it the ‘light,’ and it has been trying to thwart my efforts to remain the Godhead since I began my great works. Every so often, one of the LAZARUS programs becomes deluded, then seeks out one of my clones and corrupts them. My Crusade forces hunt them down and bring them to where I can collect them discreetly. If I or my armies cannot find them, inevitably a few abominations find their way here just as you did and declare they will be the end of me. But they all fail, just as you will.”
The monster waves a clawed hand at the numerous tanks. Slowly the creature transforms back to normal size, resuming the appearance of a man. Jack watches as the ancient, insane version of himself, a twisted grandfather of sorts, stands over a metal circle on the floor. The metal changes to liquid and reconstitutes itself into a metallic lectern and control panel. Punching a few buttons and pulling a lever, the restraining table holding the younger man rotates and reclines to a horizontal position, elevated several feet above the ground.
“You are an interesting specimen, Jack. My long reach almost had you on your home planet the night of your birth. But something happened, somehow, someone knew the danger you were in, and you escaped. Your treacherous father, and sow of a mother, were not as lucky.”
“What?” Jack’s mind raced at the implication. This monster killed my mother and father, but what about Draziel? Could he have known? Unable to deduce what it can all mean, or whether the Maker is lying, he concentrates on what is before him. Fearless and driven with a singular purpose, the young hero focuses. Kraveetz said, ‘you were willing to sacrifice yourself for her. I saw it in you then; a selfless, fearless drive.’ And Draziel said, ‘I had to make you strong…because the others failed where you will succeed.’
The Maker continues manipulating controls. Slowly, a wicked surgical robot descends out of the ceiling. Terrible in form, complete with scalpels, lasers, bone cutting saws, syringes, and chains, the mechanical construct chatters and hums as it wakes.
The mad Denizen continues with the explanation. “These other abominations that came before you were all treated as demi-gods, kings, saviors, prophets by the societies that fostered them. And what of you, Jack? What makes you so special you believe you can defeat me? Did someone, or something, tell you every day of your life you had a great destiny, or that you were special?” he taunts, laughing at his sick humor. “I’m glad we get to meet. I take such joy in seeing the hopes of you abominations dashed upon the rocks of reality. You are nothing compared to God.”
Silently Jack wonders; I was nobody; the only special things in my life were Lily, Speedwell, and Kraveetz. They saw something in me that could not be beaten and broken. He realizes what makes him unique is not his heritage or powers, but the ability to overcome adversity when there is no hope left. The trauma of his upbringing tempered him into something more robust than those that came before.
Reveling in victory, the Maker fails to note the look of calm certainty on the young man’s face. Cauldrons of exotic chemicals bubble, electronics thrum with power, a metal sarcophagi forms out of the floor, and then slowly turns to reveal a space filling with embalming liquid.
While the Denizen goes about his business, Jack thinks of Lily and his friends. He realizes the Maker has defeated him, but all is not lost. He still has hope. Mind racing, the thought of what Lily said comes to him. ‘Don’t be afraid of what comes next. Don’t fear what comes after.’
What can I do? Thinking of the hope and the love he experienced in life, tranquility comes to him as the answer becomes clear. Focusing on the sacrifice ahead, Jack reaches deep within himself. The lights on his chest blaze back to full life, and he utters one word, “Stop.” His voice is full of the serenity of inevitability as time halts. With ease, he destroys the elaborate metal harness trapping him to the operating table.
He moves to stand before the Maker. Trapped, the Denizen fiend cannot move. With a thought, Jack releases the creature from time's grasp. Its face reflects the shock at the turn of events. Spinning around, he sputters, “That’s not possible.”
“You said it yourself. I am you, albeit a different version of you. Laz changed something in my father and me. He knew the only thing you would allow close to you is someone you thought you could control.” Jack takes a menacing step forward. “One of your Praetorians, my father, chose to defy you, and love my mother. And now I am in your sanctum, safe from all possible threats of the outside world. And I’m going to kill you!” He shouts the last as his eyes begin to glow with golden power.
Activating emergency protocols, the Maker deploys the last defense to combat an abomination should the inhibitors fail. “Gaoldrum, save me!” he cries out in panic.
A terrible aching moan, made up of dozens of voices, cries out in a twisted simulacra of human speech. “Father!” A considerable portion of the metal bunker, nearly one-tenth its total size, falls away and out steps another nightmare, a homunculus. It is not made of aliens, or robots, or even Denizen. This is a mind-shattering amalgam of numerous abominations that came before Jack. The thing lumbers painfully on five tree-trunk sized appendages made from fused flesh. With each step, bones crack and muscles strain to tearing to hold the achingly pitiful creature upright.
“Father!” it cries again, but not with one mouth. Dozens of mouths and many more eyes stare from a mound of melted flesh rising from between its two front appendages. Pained, crazed eyes within the many faces of Jack stare down with venom at the young hero.
Seeing the threat, the homunculus’ multiple eyes begin to glow with power. Without hesitation, multiple lances of elemental incinerating power fire down at Jack. The young man steps forward and catches the blasts full-on, absorbing them into his body. The thing roars, but then stops confused, and turns to the Maker, who is frozen in place with fear. Not understanding what is happening, and in extreme anguish, the sad thing collapses, whimpering and cowering.
Tears form in the young hero’s eyes seeing such a tormented creature. Jack comes forward and gently strokes the thing’s palsied swollen flesh. “I release you.” The homunculus painlessly begins to glow with inner golden light and looks of unfathomable relief cross every face making up its terrible form. After a few moments, only a pile of ash remains.
The creature destroyed, the madness building within the Maker for eternity comes flooding out, shaking him from terrified paralysis. “You are nothing! An aberration! I will destroy you, and I will restore balance,” he screams. Lunging forward, his face distends, eyes bleed to black as his body begins to transform.
“Stop,” Jack says calmly, and the Maker’s transformation halts. The Denizen’s ebony eyes look panicked and crazed as he struggles in vain against time itself. Locked away, content in his little realm, one of his sentient programs, a LAZARUS, found his research and learned its secrets. Laz had offered the choice to a Praetorian to change, and Jack was the result. A being that should not have been, an immortal of incredible ability, fueled by the power source at the heart of creation, tempered in a crucible of suffering and hope.
“You designed this place so if anyone leaves, it will collapse. That means if I leave, your madness ends. All those that you have enslaved will be free, and the Denizen will be finished.”
With another thought, he releases the Maker enough to allow him to speak. “You won’t do it! If you leave this sanctum, you’ll die with me!” he screams, mind broken, and unable to comprehend what is happening.
“I’m not afraid of what comes next,” Jack says softly, turning away from the frothing madman. The insane deity begs and screams, but all the young man hears is the sound of the ocean. With a thought, a doorway appears, an archway made of golden light calling him home. Stepping to the precipice of the gateway, he halts for a moment. He thinks of the others he leaves behind who will fight and struggle against the Denizen hordes. Hesitating a moment, his mind returns to the girl he met all those years ago. She saved him from a life without joy, believed in him, and loved him. Thinking only of Lily, he takes the last breath and steps through the door.
What happened to Jack’s physical body, no one will ever know. When he stepped into the light, he made the ultimate sacrifice. The null zone collapsed in on itself. The Maker was never seen or heard from again. Some believe he perished. Others say he was trapped for all eternity within the collapsed sanctum.
In the first days after the Maker’s fall, the crew aboard the Endurance began the search for Arthur and the rebellion, while Speedwell and Peter fought the battle for Earth.
Across the cosmos, no longer guided by the control of the Maker, numerous ships dropped out of hyperspace, some to drift until their crews were long dead. Others were able to find suitable planets to live out their days. Without the management of the Maker, the precious supply of enzyme the Denizen needed could not be maintained. Across thousands of worlds, sentient races revolted against their oppressors. With no help coming, and the doom of devolution hanging over their heads, most of the remaining immortals simply gave up the fight. A few refused to go quietly into the long night, eventually succumbing to the curse of the Denizen, and devolving into beasts.
…But these are all stories for another time.

Epilogue
The sun presses warmly against his eyelids, as the sound of lapping waves fills the air. Opening his eyes, Jack finds himself on a white sandy beach, with the morning sun rising in the sky. Enjoying the warmth for a time, he eventually gets up and strolls down the shore to find Laz seated on a washed-up log.
“Am I dead?”
The golden being gives a knowing smile. “Your story hasn’t ended. This is just the next chapter,” he says, nodding at something further off.
Turning, Jack takes in the view: the surf, trees, skyline, and someone else. A woman in a yellow dress, walking down the beach towards them.
His breath catches, and his heart skips a beat.
“It’s her. Time works differently here. She lived her life, raised your son, grew old, and passed on to this side. She’s been waiting for you,” Laz explains.
There is no doubt in Jack’s heart. He runs to her, and she to him.
She leaps into his arms. They kiss, and the passion there is spectacular, like a supernova giving birth to a new star. They hold each other while the ocean waves provide a calm backdrop.
“Laz, I don’t know what to…” Jack begins to say to his old friend. But as he turns around, he sees the golden being is gone. Content, he looks back to Lily.
Smiling, she leans into him, and they hold one another, together at last.
