History’s Shadow I: Legends Born
Tahir Edition

by
 
K. Dzr
Copyright 2012 K. Dzr
All Rights Reserved.
ISBN: 978-1-300-42572-4



Thanks to my Mom—who thinks “everything I do I do good”—my Grandma (I wouldn't even know what a book was if it wasn’t for her) and Annetta Wellman, Rachael Varblow and Corisa Nalls for all their hours of work to make this possible.


PART I


P R O L O G U E
Life isn’t fair. That’s a lesson I learned long ago. It also has a peculiar way of upsetting even the most strategic plans. That too, I discovered in my youth. One day, my plans are falling into shape, the next, life, as cruel and wondrous as it is has disappointed me once again. I’ve watched empires rise and fall, the land change shape, new technologies emerge and societies form. Nothing in this world remains the same except its unwavering ability to ruin everything.
I wasn’t very old when I realized I was different. As it turned out, I was one of the most powerful creatures on this forsaken planet. The plants, animals, wind, fire, and water alike; all mine to command. More than I could imagine at such an early age. With naïve enthusiasm, I learned all I could about my unique abilities. I traveled the world to attend the best schools, met the wisest of the wise, and every creature imaginable. Even though my parents were gone and my only companion was a wolf, of sorts, I was optimistic and focused. I had great plans for my abilities. But things change. Like I said, one day everything became clear. As it was, life, destiny or whatever you want to call it, had its own plans for me. 
Apparently, it includes a lot of waiting. Waiting, waiting, waiting. It’s enough to drive one mad. Ah, but not me. I’ve lived longer than most and have already spent an insurmountable length of that time waiting. I’ve spent this time watching, reflecting, and yes, planning. This probably isn’t making much sense. You see, I realize there is much you believe to be true, more you believe untrue. Since my fate dictates that I must continue to suffer this exhaustive waiting period, I have decided to tell you what really happened. The truth for a change; from the beginning, from one who was there, watching. 
Now, let me be clear, I wasn’t there for the very beginning. That story is told accurately enough in another book. But I can certainly stand as witness to the beginning of this story. And this story begins in the small village of Nephram. 
Chapter One
T H E   C U R S E
The rhythmic sounds of their heavy footsteps were almost hypnotic. The word curse echoed in his mind. He shook his head and focused on the footsteps again. This was Demetrius’ first trip with his parents. His father said it was time for him to learn about the source of the curse upon their village. He knew of the curse; heard the whispers and mutterings among the adults. Then there was the time the curse descended upon the village. It was swift and destructive. Amid the chaos he could hardly tell what happened, but the aftermath was as clear as the water that rolled down the mountains in spring. A curse. That is what his father called it. Demetrius watched his toes slide over his worn sandals and into the ground with each step.
Demetrius held the rope loosely in his hand. Behind him, the ox stumbled along bearing its load of grain. Mother carried a basket filled with fruit and berries. Father had a young buck draped across his shoulders. It hadn’t even grown antlers yet, but food was scarce and they were fortunate to have found it. They trudged through the sandy turf, each lost in thought. The Persian sun broke through the scattering of trees to bake their already bronze faces.
He knew from his parents’ somber demeanors, this wasn’t a trip anyone should look forward to. He was tired and thirsty, but figured now was not the time to complain. His father’s back was soaked with sweat. Mother shifted the basket from arm to arm, sometimes hoisting it onto her head. He knew they were just as miserable as he.
Charred bones, disfigured trees, and the putrid stench of death greeted them as they neared the cave. Demetrius tightened his grip on the rope and pulled the ox close. His eyes scanned back and forth; the sound of his own heart pounded in his ears. His stomach lurched at the sight of a cow’s crushed skull. Its hollow eye sockets peered up at him as insects feasted on its blackened remains.
Mother pulled the basket from her head and carried it in her weary arms. Father looked over his shoulder at his son. Demetrius could see the worry etched in his father’s face. Despite his fatigue and the growing knot in his stomach, he mustered the warmest smile he could for his son. Demetrius knew it was a façade; there was nothing to smile about. But the gesture pushed the vision of the decayed skull from his mind. Father’s eyes shifted to Mother and she reached out to squeeze his hand. She glanced back at Demetrius and a corner of her mouth curled upward in an attempt to smile. The smiles quickly faded when they turned their attention to the cave before them.
A low rumble filled the hills. The warmth of the desert sun was sucked away, leaving Demetrius with an unnatural chill. A moment ago he could hear insects buzzing, birdsong, and small animals scurrying in the treetops; with that solitary growl it was as if the entire world held its breath. Two sulfuric slits glowed in the darkness of the earthen abode. Smoke filled the cave and the ground disappeared beneath the haze. Slowly, with thunderous booms as each clawed foot struck the ground, Netiro emerged. 
Whatever comfort his parents’ smiles had given him quickly vanished. If he could have, he would have run. Fear gripped him so he could hardly breathe, let alone move. With that same iron grip he clutched the rope around the ox’s neck, hardly aware of its jerking and pulling. Until now there had only been quick glimpses or shadows. He’d witness an eruption of flames from seemingly nowhere, or upturned trees and damaged homes. But to actually see the monster up close in the midday sun…if it were not for the frantic pulling from the ox, Demetrius would not have been able to tear his eyes from the curse.
Netiro lifted his reptilian head to yawn; exposing teeth as long and sharp as the finest knife. He stretched his serpentine body and fanned his leathery wings, casting the family into shadow. His bloated stomach nearly dragged on the ground as he approached.
“And what have we here?” the dragon demanded.
“We’ve brought food.” Nehemiah hoisted the young buck from his shoulders and lowered it to the ground. Ezria followed her husband’s lead. Keeping her eyes cast down, she placed the basket near the buck and quickly backed away. Nehemiah never took his eyes from the dragon as he motioned with his hand for Demetrius to bring the grain. Nehemiah had never known the dragon to attack when receiving his meal, but he knew Netiro to be unpredictable and had no intention of letting his guard down. He listened to his son struggle to maintain control over the terrified ox. Netiro seethed as he watched the boy fumble with the ropes. Nehemiah reached back and grabbed the ox’s rope while the dragon paced without taking his evil glare from Demetrius. 
“I’ve got the ox. Get those sacks down boy,” Nehemiah muttered through tight lips.
Demetrius’ concentration was divided. He watched his shaking fingers work at the ropes which secured the grain, while his mind could hold no thoughts other than the dragon looming over him.
After a lifetime of serving the insatiable dragon, Nehemiah no longer felt the pure terror he once had. He still feared Netiro; he’d be a fool not to. But the paralyzing terror had long been replaced by resentment, anger and hatred. Those feelings deepened with each journey. When he watched his wife cower before Netiro, too afraid to look at the dragon, those feelings resurfaced. Now, listening to his normally dexterous and reliable son struggle with a simple rope and sack, he experienced a new dark emotion to include among those that spawned from these visits to Netiro’s lair.
Disappointment. Not disappointment in his son, but in himself. His inability to protect Demetrius from this cruel tradition. That he couldn’t promise his wife safety. That he obediently marched his family into danger. Disappointment he discovered, made the other poisonous emotions grow stronger still. Disappointment, like a venomous bite, could poison even the strongest man’s soul. 
The grain spilled onto the ground. Demetrius tried to correct his mistake, but it was like trying to catch pouring water.
“Oaf of a child!” Netiro hissed. “You are more pathetic than the rest of your pitiful species.”  The dragon’s tail lashed out and knocked Demetrius away from the food, sending the boy splaying in the sand. Nehemiah’s jaw clenched. He glanced back to see Demetrius slowly rising to his feet and rubbing his ribs where the tail hit him. Thankfully, he hadn’t been struck by one of the spikes. 
Netiro examined the food with obvious discontent. “You bring me wheat and grapes?  I eat meat, you simpletons!” 
“We have brought you venison as well,” Nehemiah explained. “This is all we have. Meat has become scarce.”
“This is not enough! Am I to starve because of your incompetence?” Netiro roared.
The ox bucked and jerked in frenzy, sending Demetrius stumbling to the ground again. The dragon’s roars drowned out Ezria’s screams as Nehemiah rushed to pull his son away from the flurry of hooves. 
The ox charged Ezria. In a panic, desperate to flee the looming predator, she dove into the sandy brush; narrowly escaping its bone-crushing hooves. The ox was unable to avoid Netiro’s bone-crushing jaws. The ox’s spine snapped with a gruesome crack and its limp body was lifted into the air, trapped within Netiro’s canines. Ezria stared up into the dragon’s mouth, too terrified to move as he violently shook the ox. His perfectly shaped teeth slipped between the ox’s vertebrae and punctured it’s vital organs. Warm blood rained down on her. Nehemiah rushed to pull her away just as Netiro slammed the slain animal to the ground. Ezria tried to wipe the ox’s blood from her eyes. She coughed and spit the blood from her mouth, clinging to Nehemiah as he hurried her away from the carnage. The family ran from the cave and its horrors, pursued only by the dragon’s bellowing laugh. 
* * * * *
The traumatic events at Netiro’s cave gradually faded into memory. Alas, the dragon could never truly be forgotten. The perpetual grumbling amongst the villagers and the roars echoing over the hills served as constant reminders of their curse. It wouldn’t be long until they would have to return to the dragon’s lair.
Meanwhile, life for the family resumed its normal routine. Nehemiah hunted and made repairs around the house. Ezria cooked, sewed and cleaned; and Demetrius tended to the crops and animals.
Demetrius squatted on the ground by the wilted grapevines. The soil crumbled and sifted through his fingers. The air was hot and arid; if it were possible to be dryer than yesterday, it was. He dusted off his hands and wiped away the sweat running down his neck. How ironic that his body produced so much moisture yet his crops had none. He stood over the withered young vines that wouldn’t make it to maturity. Lifting his eyes to the cloudless sky, Demetrius brought his hands together and prayed for rain.
It began as a small tingle. He scratched his hand and shook it, but the sensation didn’t go away. To the contrary, it grew more intense.  It expanded to the other hand and spread upward through his arms. At first he was frightened, but his instincts told him to remain calm. He opened his hands to examine them. His fingers twitched and the hairs on his arms were raised. A shadow fell upon the crops. He looked up and watched in amazement as a dark cloud formed directly above him. He didn’t know what was happening, or if he were responsible for it, but it felt good; it felt right. The tingling dissipated; leaving him filled him with a powerful confidence. He spread his arms out over the crops and relaxed his mind to allow this energy to flow. His eyes closed and rain poured from his personal cloud.
He smiled to see that this heavy downpour had targeted him as its deliberate destination. With a wave of his arms the rain flowed out to his left, then his right, and finally across the entire field.
Hearing his name, Demetrius turned to see his mother running toward him. He quickly drew back his hands. The rain stopped immediately and the cloud dissolved in the sky. Her arms flailed and her panic was palpable from a distance.
Ezria was out of breath when she reached Demetrius. She grabbed both his arms and shook him.
“Demetrius! Don’t ever, ever do that again! Come with me. Come right now.”
She led him to the house, looking in every direction as they went. Once inside she pointed for him to sit at the table. She leaned her back against the door and rubbed her hands roughly over her face.
Demetrius realized he’d done something wrong, but had no idea why it was wrong. Nevertheless, there he sat, awaiting his punishment. Waiting was always a horrible thing; the silence broken only by the crackling fire and his heavy mother’s breathing.
The aroma of baking bread, usually a welcome smell, now served only to emphasize his mother’s love. He hung his head in shame. He tried so hard not to be a burden to his parents; he wanted so much for them to be proud of him. If he had done something to frighten or disappoint her, he would never do it again.
“Demetrius listen to me,” she knelt on the floor beside him. “You must never do that again. You may never even speak of it. Magic is forbidden. I cannot have you putting yourself and the rest of the family and the village in danger.”
“But, why…?”
“No. Listen…if the dragon sees you, or even thinks you can do magic, he will kill us all for sure.” She took him by the shoulders and looked into his dark eyes. 
“Please, son. Do you want to keep our family safe?”
“Yes.”
“Then promise me you will never do magic again.”
“He will promise no such thing,” Nehemiah asserted, walking into the room. “If my son has magic he will do magic.”
“Nehemiah! What are you saying?”  Ezria rose to her feet and stared wide-eyed at her husband. “You know what Netiro will do if he finds out!” 
“Netiro knows magic is the only way to defeat him. That is why he won’t allow it. If we were to learn magic, we wouldn’t be slaves to that lazy dragon any longer. Not only that, he knows we would be able to kill him.”
“You want the boy to learn magic despite the consequences?”
“Ezria, do you want to be a slave to the dragon for the rest of your life? Would you like our children and grandchildren to live in fear?”
“Of course not, but I do want them to live. As long as we obey, we are safe.”
“But we are not safe! Do you not remember what happened the last time it was our turn to bring food? We brought him grain and fruit many times before, but that day he decided it wasn’t enough, so he ate our ox. Who knows when he might get angry and eat one of us?  Besides, he eats too much. We will all starve to death trying to satisfy his appetite.”
“I know you are right. I just do not want to see Demetrius hurt.  God has blessed us with only one child.  He is just a boy.”
“Ezria, look at him. He is not just a boy.  After a few more harvests he will be a young man. Let him learn the magic. Let him posses the most powerful weapon there is.  It is the only way for us to be free of the curse forever.”
Demetrius sat silently awaiting his mother’s response. He understood what his father was saying.  He wanted this thing they called “magic.”  He wanted to free his family and friends from this horrible curse.  He dared not speak, even though this matter concerned him.  He knew it was not his decision.  At least not yet. For now, he would abide by his parents’ wishes. 
Ezria rubbed her temples as she paced the small room. She pressed her palms together and lifted them to her lips, took a deep breath and closed her eyes. 
“If the dragon finds out,” she said, opening her eyes, “He will kill Demetrius before he even has a chance to learn his magic.”
Nehemiah took her by the arm and led her away from Demetrius. 
“Ezria, you do not look at the dragon. I do,” he whispered. “Every time we go to his lair I study his ugly face. I know his expressions, his gestures.  The dragon hates Demetrius.”
“Of course.  He hates us all.”
“No. You did not see the way he looked at Demetrius. He glared at him with disgust the entire time.  He may already know. I don’t know how—maybe it’s a smell or something he sees that we do not—but I fear it could be only a matter of time before…” 
Ezria flinched as though she had been physically struck. Nehemiah caught his wife by her arms and held her close.
“I didn’t say anything because I didn’t want to frighten you or the boy,” he said, lowering his voice. He stole a quick glance at Demetrius who sat quietly waiting for their verdict. “I didn’t understand why he would hate Demetrius more than anyone else. But if he can sense Demetrius’ magic, it only makes sense.”
Ezria covered her mouth and tears welled in her eyes. She looked back at her son, who stared silently at them from his seat.
“What do we do?” she whispered.  But she read the answer in her husband’s eyes.  With a nod, she shut her eyes and lowered her head.  Nehemiah gently lifted her face and kissed her.  Then he crossed the room to sit beside his son. 
“Demetrius.”
“Yes, Father?”
“Do you understand what’s going on?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“Somehow you have discovered magic within yourself.  Long ago, Netiro banned magic. He promised to kill us all if anyone were caught doing magic.  So, this—above all else—is the most important thing. You must not get caught. With magic you could destroy the dragon without even laying a hand on him. Go ahead, Demetrius. Learn your magic, do it every day, every chance you get, but do it in hiding. Let no one know your secret. Who knows, one day you may be our only hope for freedom.”
Demetrius glanced questioningly at his mother.
“Do as your father says, my son.”
“I will do my best. You’ll see.  One day I will save us all.”
His words hung in the air until Ezria found her voice. 
“Now go outside and finish your chores. Work fast, dinner will be ready soon.”
When Demetrius left the room, Nehemiah went to his wife and kissed her. 
“Don’t worry, Ezria.  Things will work out fine.”
She nodded, but instinctively knew things would not work out fine at all.
Demetrius worked quickly so he would have time to practice his magic. He was eager to discover what magical capabilities he possessed. With no one to ask, the questions circled through his mind: Who will teach me? Who else has magic? How can I control it? How can I find out about this thing if it must be kept secret?  He could only hope that time would reveal the answers.
For the next two months, Demetrius completed his chores quickly and devoted all his free time to the practice of magic.  As far as he knew, no one, not even his best friend learned of the secret he and his parents shared. He was surprised by the ease of learning new tricks; it all came so natural to him. He discovered he had the power to command water and fire, and to move objects with his mind.  Plants and animals seemed to understand and obey him. 
“Demetrius!” his friend Kaleb called. “How have you been? No one’s seen you in a long time.  Have you been ill?”
“Hey, Kaleb,” Demetrius answered, setting his tool down. “I’ve been well.  Mother and Father have given me more chores lately.”
“Why?”
“I don’t have lots of brothers and sisters like you, Kaleb.  And I’m old enough now to do more of the work.”
“Hey, maybe when I finish with my chores I’ll help you with yours and we can have fun again.”
“Thanks Kaleb, but you don’t have to do that. You have enough of your own work to do.”
“Once my chores are done, I don’t have anything to do until you’re finished with yours.”
Demetrius smiled. He was so busy learning his magic he hadn’t even thought about his friends. Maybe he should take some time to play with them.
“Alright,” he agreed.
“I’ll go get my brothers. We’ll be done in no time. Then we can go swimming!”
Demetrius continued working while Kaleb ran off to fetch his family. When all five of them pitched in, Demetrius’ work was finished in no time. Soon they were running off to cool themselves in the river.
Ezria stepped out of the house to wave goodbye to her son as the boys ran off. 
“Dinner will be ready at sundown Demetrius, so don’t stay away too long.  Kaleb, your mother wants you and your brothers home soon, too!” she called.
She returned inside, picked up her needle and thread and continued her sewing. “Demetrius is growing so fast lately all of his clothes are becoming too small.”  Ezria said to Sara who was sewing clothing for her own boys. “I don’t know how you do it with so many children.”
“It’s not so bad anymore, now that my eldest are married and take care of themselves. Now it’s just the two girls and the boys. Since Ruth doesn’t have any children yet, sometimes she helps me.”
“That’s nice of her, and your boys are so sweet to help Demetrius finish his work.”
“They’ve been wondering where he’s been. He’s missed out on a lot of their games and such.”
“Yes well, we’ve been keeping him busy around here.”
Ezria and Sara talked and sewed until they each had a few finished garments. They’ve been friends since childhood. Together they learned how to become good mothers and wives, trading recipes, teaching each other different stitches and sharing stories. It only made sense that their families would get along just as well. Sara’s husband Bakuk usually hunted with Nehemiah—as they did this afternoon—and the two men often assisted each other with heavy labor. They too, had grown up together in the village of Nephram.
Demetrius and Kaleb were born the same year and have been playing together since before they could walk. Even the older boys enjoyed Demetrius’ company, and the youngest one simply adored him. Ezria secretly hoped that one day Demetrius would marry one of Sara’s daughters. 
Sara and Bakuk had been blessed with a very large family: three girls and six boys. For unknown reasons, Ezria had only Demetrius; but that made him all the more special.  At times Ezria wished she had more children, maybe a few daughters as well as sons. A lively full house was something she’d always wanted. Many hands make the work lighter, and many hearts bring more love to share.  Still, she appreciated her single blessing. 
Soon, Nehemiah and Bakuk returned with enough wild game on their horses’ backs to feed both families for many days.
“Good hunting tonight, I see,” Sara said when she and Ezria stepped outside to see what their husbands brought home.
“The Lord saw fit to smile upon us this evening, Beloved.” Bakuk kissed his astonished wife then turned to Ezria. “Good evening, Sister Ezria.” 
“Hello, Bakuk. My, oh my, Nehemiah! You two haven’t come home with this much in months.” 
“Thanks to Bakuk,” Nehemiah said, nodding toward his lifelong friend. “If I did not know his father, I would think he was but a shadow. Bakuk can move so silently over the ground that he could hop a deer’s back before it could raise its tail.”
“It is no talent of my own doing, Brother.  Just a gift I have been given that I may be a blessing to others.”
“You are too modest, my friend,” Nehemiah said, patting Bakuk’s back.
“Come, Sara. There is meat to clean. We should be going.”
Sara went and gathered her sewing things into her basket.  She returned outside as the men finished dividing their catch.
“Goodnight, Bakuk. Good blessings, Sara,” Nehemiah said, shaking their hands.
“Goodbye. I’ll see you at the Temple tomorrow.” Sara and Ezria hugged. “If you see the boys tell them to come home.”
Nehemiah immediately began to skin the deer outside while Ezria hurried inside to prepare dinner.  The sky was painted in hues of pink and orange when Nehemiah heard the voices of Demetrius, Kaleb, and his brothers.  The boys’ clothes were covered in dirt and their hair was plastered against their sweaty heads as they raced back to the house yelling about who won and by how much.
“Quiet down, quiet down,” Nehemiah laughingly commanded. “I see you’ve been out having fun. I suppose it was well deserved, but now there is much to do. Kaleb, take your brothers home. Your father has meat that needs cleaning and your mother has dinner ready.”
They boys yelled their goodbyes and ran home laughing and teasing. Demetrius and Nehemiah watched them chase each other home.  Nehemiah ruffled his son’s damp hair and smiled at him.
Chapter Two
N I G H T M A R E
That same night, while the villagers slept and the new day was silently sneaking in, so was Netiro. He soared high, letting the wind carry him over the meager huts and crops that was Nephram. His sulfur eyes swept back and forth. Despite the darkness and altitude, he could see everything. He quickly planned his attack and then spiraled down toward his first target.
They will all suffer for making me hunt for my own food!  His eyes glowed and his nostrils flared as he inhaled deeply, giving strength to the inferno of gases rising within him. Fire erupted from his mouth; straw roofs ignited instantly. In a single breath he swept over a wheat field, setting the entire crop ablaze. With a roar he circled again to observe how the fire spread.  He had to be careful not to destroy everything; these people and their food were necessary.
* * * * *
Hours before the curse fell upon the village; Demetrius lay awake in his bed. He didn’t know what kept him awake. He didn’t know what he should be ready for, or even how to prepare for it. All he knew was that he should be ready. He rubbed his eyes; the headache was coming back. He rolled over and fingered the stitching of his blanket. His mother made it years ago. He used to be able to count each thread; trace each loving stitch. Now the blanket was a blur of muted color. He’d never told his parents about the headaches or his eyes; he didn’t want them to worry. But it worried him. This night however, he was unable to think about anything except his need to be ready.
As his parents slept, he dressed and sat alert in the dark. He heard nothing but his father’s snores and the sounds of livestock moving about in the grass. After hours of waiting he started to feel a little silly. He lay down and closed his eyes, trying to relax his mind. Suddenly he smelled smoke. He heard the crackle of fire and the animals stampeding. He sprinted outside and was the first to witness the dragon’s fury.
Within moments the village was screaming. Men ran to fill buckets of water. The trees lining the path to the stream were ablaze, making it nearly impossible to safely traverse. Many fled into the woods to keep out of sight. Some stayed in their homes, praying that their hut would be spared. Still others ran around in a panic.
Demetrius felt his fingers tingling and knew he could easily put out the fires. He weighed the consequences of revealing his secret. If Netiro already knew and was after him, why should everyone else suffer? The magic coursed through his body. The wind shifted and the sky darkened. His father’s strong hand jerked him from his spell and pulled him and his mother away. The forming rain cloud quickly dissipated, undetected.
“Hurry! Stay down low.”  Nehemiah ushered them into the thick shrubbery nearby. “Keep quiet and watch for him. He seems to be targeting fields and structures. You should be safe here, but if he comes this way, run into the woods as fast as you can and stay low!” 
Ezria grabbed his arm. “Where are you going?” she shouted in a panicked whisper. “I can’t see him in this darkness.”
“I have to see to Mettal’s family. Their home is on fire. I have to help them!”
“What about your family?” she cried.
“You’ll be fine if you do as I say.  Now let me go, I’ll be back as soon as I can.” Nehemiah pulled away from his wife.  As he turned to leave, he met Demetrius’s eyes. “Keep the secret boy.”  Then he disappeared into the chaos.
Ezria held onto her son and rocked him. Screams of pain, panic and terror bit into her heart and tears drenched her face. She cried for her husband. She cried for her friends out there suffering. She cried because her whole village was being destroyed and there was no way to stop it. She cried for her life’s work all gone in a matter of moments. Most of all, she cried because she felt responsible for the night’s tragedy.
Ezria was convinced that Netiro knew of Demetrius’ magic. He was going to hunt Demetrius down and kill him, and neither she nor Nehemiah would be able to save him. Never had anyone been able to protect themselves from the sporadic rages of the lazy dragon.
Demetrius allowed himself to be held and rocked. He allowed the fires to burn. He watched the powerful dragon spew destruction and he somehow knew that now was not his time. The same feeling that told him to be ready tonight, now told him to wait. He learned, this night, to listen to this feeling and understand the message the magic was trying to reveal. If he had trusted it earlier, how many might he have saved? He was furious with himself, but all the more determined. He was going to learn his magic and lift this curse.
Netiro made a few more low passes over the victims. He enjoyed watching them scatter like vermin. He relished their wretched cries. He had no intention of killing them, just shaking them from their complacency. They did not fear him as they once had. He had become too tolerant of their insufficient efforts. They were getting confident. That meant they might try to challenge his power. Which was something he could not allow. This attack would surely rekindle their respect and reignite their fears.
Nehemiah was careful to keep hidden. He half jogged, half crawled behind the charred huts. As he neared his friend’s home, he stopped and crouched under a tree. His stomach tightened as he watched flames consume the structure.  He could only pray that the family escaped before the fire became too intense. 
Overhead, Netiro glided through pillars of smoke.  Nehemiah thought he saw a grin on the dragon’s face as it swooped toward the center of the village. He jumped up and ran after the dragon. Before Nehemiah could reach the village square, Netiro once again disappeared in the darkness and smoke. With an ear-piercing roar, Netiro destroyed one of the pig pens. Nehemiah watched as the pigs exploded from their confines and scattered in every direction.  People scrambled to avoid being trampled by the stampede. Netiro took flight again, but not before snatching up one of the squealing beasts and making a quick meal of it.
“Did the family get out?”  Nehemiah shouted over the chaos.
“Nehemiah! Over here!” came a voice from behind a nearby brush. “They all made it out. I helped them to safety.  They had to jump from the upper window and the youngest boy injured his leg in the fall, but otherwise they are fine. Mettal took Mary and their children to Bakuk’s family.”
“And you?” Nehemiah asked in a hushed voice.
“I will live another day to await my revenge on this cursed dragon.  Your family?”
“They are safe for now. Thank you, my brother.”
Nehemiah turned to leave but was called back.
“Nehemiah, find Elijah. He’s been running around screaming that this is entirely his fault.”
“How?…”
“Look out! Here he comes again!”  The man pointed a shaky finger to the sky.
Smoke swirled in the center of the village as Netiro landed. He snorted a few times and arched his massive wings as he strutted slowly and deliberately. He turned his head, first one way then the other, examining the destruction he created. He took notice of the small fires and the empty pen that once contained a flock of sheep. He could hear faint cries and whimpers. He could hear mothers trying to silence their frightened children. And he reveled in it all. With a grandiose flap of his wings he produced a whirlwind of smoke, dirt, and debris. He lifted into the air; thus, creating the illusion of vanishing into the night.
The village held its breath. Frightened eyes darted across the night sky. Hearts pounded loudly in ears, drowning out the crackling fires. Trembling hands held loved ones close. In the dark, they waited for the smoke to open up and the dragon to emerge with another barrage of attacks; but he did not come.
Those frightening moments before Nehemiah crept from his hiding place seemed like an eternity. The hair on the back of his neck stood on end and his muscles tensed, ready to flee at the first sign of danger. He staggered in and out of the haze. He scouted for any indication that the dragon would return: a shadow, a swirl of smoke or a growl, but there was none. Aside from the damage he caused, there was no sign of the dragon. When Nehemiah signaled it was safe, the village finally exhaled.
One by one, they came out of hiding. As their confidence grew, they went to work rectifying the damage. Under the direction of the elders, men and women lined up with buckets of water to extinguish the flames. Livestock were rounded up, the wounded taken care of, and structures inspected for repairs. The work would continue long after the smoke cleared.
Nehemiah was returning to his family when he noticed Elijah and his wife Helen, crossing the fields behind their home. Helen consoled her husband and supported him as they staggered home. 
“Elijah, are you all right? Are you hurt?” He took Elijah’s arm to help support him. Elijah quickly straightened himself to demonstrate he was not injured.
“I’m sorry, Nehemiah. Is your family safe? Please tell me they are safe.” 
Suddenly, Nehemiah realized that he didn’t know if his family was safe or not. He never saw Netiro in that area of the village, but there were many times when the dragon was out of sight. Ezria and Demetrius were both smart and resourceful; they should be fine. 
“It’s my fault you know.  I brought this on our village. I’m so sorry. Please forgive me. Why didn’t he just kill me instead of making the whole village suffer?”
Nehemiah squinted through the darkness, smoke and chaos for his family.  His patience was wearing thin as he half-listened to Elijah’s rambling. Nehemiah looked beyond Elijah to Helen. His eyes asked the question. 
“It’s true, we are to blame. Netiro was angry when we took his meal yesterday. He promised that we would all pay for not bringing enough food. But honestly Nehemiah, we gave him all we could spare. It just wasn’t enough. Had we brought maybe just one more…”
“No.” Nehemiah put his hand up to silence them both. He didn’t have time for this. He wanted to check on his own family. He grabbed Elijah—who was still whimpering and rambling—and gave him a good shake. 
“Elijah, listen to me. Pull yourself together. This is not your fault. None of us have enough food to satisfy him. He was violent when I last took his meal. We have all allowed this to go on. Think about it. Netiro can find plenty of food outside of this village. We don’t have the means to scour the countryside and haul food back to the dragon. Why doesn’t Netiro hunt for himself?  I’ll tell you why. Because we have allowed ourselves to become his slaves. If anyone is to blame it is all of us. Why didn’t he kill you? Because if he killed everyone who displeased him, there would be no one left to cater to him. He’d have to abandon his home and find a new village of people to frighten and control. Don’t you see? He needs us.” 
There was a gleam of understanding in Elijah’s eyes. 
“Yes, yes, I see what you are saying, but…” 
“Elijah,” Nehemiah interrupted. “I think it’s time we put a stop to this nightmare. What kind of people are we to allow ourselves to become enslaved without even a fight? Is this what we want for our children, and their children?  We must all stand up to him and take back our freedom. If we don’t, it will only get worse. We will either die of famine, or he’ll start killing us off. But I doubt he’ll just go away.” 
“You are right Nehemiah! Why didn’t I see it? He could easily massacre us. He threatens, frightens and terrorizes, but he doesn’t kill us. Yes, that’s it; he needs us. Yes, we need to put a stop to this right now. The first thing we should do is…”
“Elijah, hold your thoughts. Now is not the time. Look around you. There is much to do before we can make plans. We need to attend to the injured, put out fires, salvage what crops we can. As soon as we get the village back in order, we’ll call a meeting and discuss our plans with the others.” 
Elijah looked around at the devastation. Nehemiah was right. There was urgent work to be done before any planning could take place. Elijah put his arm on Nehemiah’s shoulder. 
“You are right, my friend. We,” he said, nodding to his wife, “will do all we can to restore the village, to help those who are injured or who have suffered the most.” 
“I know you will. If everyone pulls together, as I know they will, by this time tomorrow we will be sitting down making our plans. Oh, and Elijah, keep this between ourselves for the time being. We all have enough on our minds already. We need people to work now and think later. Understood?” 
“You are a smart man, Nehemiah. If anyone can pull this off, you can.”
Nehemiah patted Elijah’s shoulder and nodded. As he made his way back to his family, he replayed the conversation with Elijah in his mind. The words just seemed to flow from his mouth. He believed the words he spoke, but had no idea how to stand up to Netiro. 
All around him people ran about yelling orders, while others huddled in small groups, consoling their loved ones. Others still, wept uncontrollably. Yamin sat alone on the ground, looking defeated.  Nehemiah paused, thinking to go to him, but decided his family had been left alone too long.  Just as he had tolerated this curse for too long.
Yes, something had to be done. They certainly couldn’t live like this forever. They would have but one opportunity. Fail, and Netiro would destroy them all. 
He made a mental note to check on Yamin later, and pushed his way through the congestion to where Ezria and Demetrius were supposed to be waiting for him. He reviewed the night’s events; there were many times the dragon was out of sight. What if…No, he would not allow such thoughts. He pushed the growing dread from his mind, but quickened his pace nonetheless.
“Demetrius!” Nehemiah found himself running as he neared his home. “Ezria!”
His home was intact; he tore through the foliage where he instructed them to hide.
“Father!”
Nehemiah turned to see his son and wife safe with some other children in the field behind their home. He ran to his family, kissing and hugging them both.
“It’s over. He’s gone.” 
“Are you sure?” Ezria asked, unwilling to loosen her embrace. 
“Well, he’s gone for now anyway. I don’t think he’ll be back tonight.” Nehemiah gently pulled his wife’s arms from around his neck and took a look at the other two children. The older seemed to be half Demetrius’ age; the other couldn’t have learned to walk more than a summer ago. They didn’t appear to be injured.
“They were terrified, separated from their family,” Ezria explained, hugging the frightened children. “I told Demetrius to stay put, but he ran off, gathered them up and got them to safety with us. He’s just like his father, I suppose. Never listening to me.”
Demetrius beamed with pride. 
“You better listen to your mother, boy.” Nehemiah laughed. “Unless she’s telling you not to do something that you know I would do.”
Ezria shook her head. 
“We need to get these children back to their parents,” she said, changing the subject. “They’re probably sick with worry.”
“I agree. It’s safe now. The dragon is gone, little ones.” Nehemiah hunched down to address the children in a soft voice. “We’ll go together to find your families. Come.” He took the girl by the hand, leaving Ezria with the little boy, and led them across the field.
“Father, why was Netiro so angry?” 
“I’m not sure. Elijah thinks he’s to blame for not taking enough food yesterday. Don’t worry, son. I don’t think it had anything to do with you.” 
“How can you be so sure?  I told you it was too dangerous for the boy to be playing around with…” 
“Hush, Woman!” Nehemiah scolded. He let go of the child’s hand and pulled Ezria away from curious little ears. 
“Do not talk about that, Ezria. We don’t need everyone blaming us for the attack. Be assured: if Netiro knew about that, he would have been looking for the boy and would not have stopped until he found him.”
Ezria found some small relief and attempted a smile. 
“Let’s get these babies home,” she said.
Nehemiah lifted the small boy up onto his shoulders and they continued on toward the commotion of the village. Finding their parents turned out to be an easy and gratifying task. Watching the joy and relief as the family reunited was the only thing that made the night bearable.
“Mettal’s home is completely destroyed, but everyone made it out,” Nehemiah explained. “He took Mary and the children to Bakuk’s house. Mary is most distraught, and one of their boys injured his leg during their escape. Perhaps you should go help Sara care for them,” he instructed his wife. “Demetrius, you come with me. We need to round up some lost sheep before they get too far away. And remember, do not speak about your…you know, to anyone.”
* * * * *
At the break of dawn the village came alive. All who were able joined in the work to restore the village to a livable state. Even young children were given chores.
Only two people were buried that morning. One was a young unmarried man named Aaron. He was burned to death when he took cover in a stand of bushes just as Netiro targeted the shrubbery with fire. The other was Lilith, mother of two young children. She was scurrying her babes to safety as the whipping tail of the dragon caught her. The force snatched her away from her children and slammed her into a tree, killing her instantly. This woman was Yamin’s wife. When Nehemiah heard of the tragedy, he regretted not going to Yamin when he saw him last night.
As Nehemiah and several other men worked to rebuild their village, Elijah took Nehemiah’s arm and ushered him away from the others.
“Shouldn’t we get our meeting started soon?” Elijah whispered, even though no one was close enough to hear.
“Perhaps,” Nehemiah answered. “But more importantly, I think we need rest.  If we can get the village in order by nightfall, you may announce that the meeting is to take place this time tomorrow. That will give everyone a chance to think things through. Do you agree?”
“Yes, very good idea,” he said. “I will spread the word immediately.” And with that he ran off.
Nehemiah stood wondering if Elijah had misunderstood his directions, or if he was just ignoring them. Either way, he was far too anxious about this plan.  Any foolish action on his part could ruin whatever chance they may have. In the best of circumstances Elijah was unreliable and incompetent. Nehemiah would have to think of a way to limit his participation in this venture. 
* * * * *
Sara was worried about Mary. Since Mettal brought her and their three children to her home, she had not spoken a word or moved a muscle. She slumped in the chair, staring out at nothing, and was unresponsive to any of Sara’s efforts to comfort her. 
“Hello? Sara?” 
“Oh, Ezria,” Sara replied. “Come on in. I knew you’d come sooner or later.”
“As soon as I could. How are you?”
“I’m all right. But Nahorim has injured his leg and Mary is out of her mind.”
She led her friend to Mary. The woman seemed not to notice the presence of her two friends. Ezria examined Mary’s head. There was no bleeding, and no bruises or lumps. Aside from a few minor scrapes on her arms, she seemed to be in good physical condition. 
“Where is the boy?”
“Sleeping on a pallet in the back.  I sent the other children out to see if they could be of any help. Better they don’t see their mother like this.  I didn’t know what else to do.”
“You did the best thing. I’ll check on the boy first, and then we will see what we can do for Mary. I’ll call you if I need any help; otherwise I think it best if you stay with her.”
Ezria found Nahorim asleep on a sheepskin blanket.  She got down on the floor with him and gently shook his shoulder. 
“Nahorim, Nahorim, wake up.”
The boy woke from a sound sleep.  As soon as he started to turn over, he let out a cry of pain.
“Be still now. I know it hurts. I’m here to help, but you’ll have to show me exactly where it hurts. Will you do that?” 
“Yes.” the boy replied with a grimace, allowing Ezria to help him sit up. 
“It hurts mostly right here,” he pointed to his left ankle, “but sometimes it hurts up here too.” He showed her how the pain radiated from his ankle to his shin.
“That’s good. Now just lie back down and let me look at it. This may hurt a little.  Are you ready?”
“Do you have to make it hurt more?” 
“I’ll try not to, but I have to feel it. Try not to move or it might hurt more.” 
Nahorim nodded his understanding. He closed his eyes tightly and clinched his teeth. 
Ezria didn’t find any broken bones; just a great deal of swelling.
“There.  I’m all finished. That wasn’t so bad, was it?”
“No, it wasn’t bad at all.”
“It might hurt for a few days.  Stay off of it for a while and it should heal nicely on its own by harvest time.”
“You want me to stay in bed that long?”
“No, no, no,” she chuckled. “You don’t have to be in bed.  I’m going to make a splint and we’ll get a walking stick to help you get around when you have to. You could even hop around on your good foot. By harvest festival you’ll be the best hopper in the village. Remember how we always have silly races and competitions?  You’re sure to win.  How would you like that?”
“I can hop pretty good now, so I know I’ll be the best for the festival!”
“I’m sure you will be. And what prize do you think you’ll win?” she asked, opening her pack of medicinal supplies that she always carried on her belt.  She continued talking to the boy as she wrapped his ankle, trying to direct his mind to happier times. When she was satisfied with the splint, she rolled a blanket underneath his ankle to keep it elevated. 
“Now you try to go back to sleep. There are other things I need to see to.  I’ll check on you again later.”  She made Nahorim comfortable in his sheepskin before going out to see about his mother.
“How is he?” Sara stood up to meet her.
“It’s not bad at all. Nothing is broken; he’ll be fine. I guess we should be more concerned about his mother.” Ezria nodded toward their despondent friend. 
“I don’t know what else to do,” Sara said. “I’ve tried to talk to her and comfort her, but she doesn’t even seem to hear me.”
“Let’s start by getting her cleaned up.  Do you have a garment she can wear?”
“I’m sure I can find something.” Sara replied.
“Good, I’ll fetch some water.  We’ll bathe and dress her, try to get her to drink some hot tea. I know a nice herb with a refreshing aroma and invigorating taste. I make it for myself sometimes when morning seems to come a bit too soon. Maybe then, she’ll start to come around.”
While Ezria and Sara gave Mary a sponge bath, they talked to her about rebuilding a home for her family.  Ezria offered extra cooking utensils she could have.  Sara would make some clothing for the family. They dressed her in one of Sara’s nicest robes, then combed her hair and oiled her skin. They sat her at the table and offered Mary a cup of hot tea.  At first, Ezria had to force her to drink, but soon Mary began to sip from the cup without Ezria’s help. They continued to talk to Mary while enjoying their own tea, just as they have done many times before. Mary slowly became aware of her surroundings. Her eyes focused on Ezria and Sara. She looked around the room.
“Where am I?” she asked.
“You are at Sara’s house. How do you feel?” Ezria reached out and held her hand.
Ezria and Sara exchanged glances as they watched Mary come back to life.
“Where are Mettal and my children?” 
Her two friends smiled at her. 
“Mettal is out cleaning up the wreckage. I suppose Benjamin and Cara are with him. Nahorim is asleep in the back. More importantly, how are you feeling?” Sara asked.
“Like I’ve been asleep for a long time—that I had a bad dream.”
“No, I’m afraid, not.  I wish it were but a dream.”  Ezria said. “Netiro attacked the village in the middle of the night. I’m sorry…your home was destroyed. Everyone had to jump from a window to escape the fire. Nahorim injured his leg but it’s not too serious, nothing broken. He’s in good spirits and will be up and around in no time. We’re not going to dwell on the negative though. You and your family are safe, Mary.  It could have been much worse.”
“That’s right,” Sara added, “We should all count our blessings and give thanks to the Lord for sparing our lives. I was afraid you were lost to us forever. I’ve never seen anyone in such a condition before.”
“I’m sorry for giving you such a fright. I suppose I should also thank the Lord for giving me such good friends. I’d hate to think what might have—
“Hush now, no need for all of that. You would have done the same for either of us. I’m just happy you are better. You certainly look much better,” Ezria said, with a reassuring smile.
“How do you like the robe? You can keep it if you like. I can always make another one,” Sara offered.
“Oh, it’s lovely,” Mary said, as she looked at the beautiful cloth. “You both are so kind. I, I don’t…”
Sara reached across the table to pat Mary’s hand. 
“Ezria is right, Mary, you needed us and we were there for you. What kind of friends would we be if we didn’t take care of each other?” Sara got up to get the kettle hanging above the fire. “Would anyone like some more tea?”
“Yes, just a little please,” replied Mary.
“How about you Ezria, more tea?”
“I’ll have one more cup. Then I suppose we’d better get to work.”
“Netiro certainly made a mess of things this time, didn’t he?” Sara shook her head and refilled their cups. 
“Well, when I went out to fetch the bath water, I saw everyone working so hard to put the village back together and I had a thought. It might be a good idea if we prepared one large meal for the entire village. That way, each family would not have to stop their chores to prepare their meals. It would give us all more time to get this place back in order. Afterwards we could help with whatever work is left to be done. What do you think Mary?  Are you up to doing some cooking?” Ezria asked.
“I feel a little tired. But when are we not tired? It’s a great idea. Of course I’ll help,” Mary answered.
“It might even help lift our spirits a bit,” Sara added. “We can all pull together and gather from our neighbors’ crops, and…Oh, Nahorim is an excellent fisherman, isn’t he Mary? We can sit him down at the stream and I bet when we come back for him, he’ll have enough fish for all of us.”
“That might be a bit ambitious for my son, Sara, but I’m sure whatever he catches will be a big help,” Mary told her with a smile.
“So it is settled. Let’s finish our tea and get started.  As soon as Nahorim wakes up, we’ll take him to the stream. I will send word of our plans through some of the children.”
As daylight broke, the women began preparing the meal that would feed the entire village. Nehemiah and several other men cleared away the rubble where Mettal’s house once stood. The rumors, so it seemed, spread as fast as the night’s fires. As he rifled through the wreckage for salvageable goods, he heard whispers about the proposed war against the dragon.
“Is he crazy?” he heard some say. 
“It’s about time someone decided to do something,” others mumbled. 
“How is he planning to pull it off?” many wondered.
Nehemiah continued working as if unaware of the eyes following him. From what he overheard, about half the village supported the idea. He had to choose his words wisely. No one would trust a fool to lead them into battle with an enemy as formidable as Netiro.
“Is there truth to the rumors, Brother?” Bakuk chewed a stick—as he often did when deep in thought—and his eyes shifted back and forth over the village.  He worked beside Nehemiah, but never so much as glanced in his direction, so as not to draw attention to their conversation. 
“Would you consider me unwise, my friend, if I told you there was?”  Nehemiah asked, following his friend’s technique by avoiding eye contact.
“Some would.” Bakuk rolled the stick in his mouth. “The fires burn hot. It is easy to allow the smoke to cloud our judgment.”
“So you think it’s foolish?”
“I think if you intend to take on such a task, you better have a good plan and a lot of strong men.” His eyes finally met Nehemiah’s. “So far you’ve got one.”
* * * * *
“Ezria!” a familiar voice called. 
She looked out of the window and saw Elijah’s wife standing in the yard. She was clearly upset about something. Ezria put down the knife she was using to clean the fish, wiped her hands, and rushed to the door. 
“Helen, come in. What’s wrong?”
“Did you know that Nehemiah and Elijah are planning an attack on Netiro? They are going to try to kill him! Nehemiah is a brave strong man, but my poor Elijah is two slices short of a loaf. He’s all I’ve got. You have to help me stop him! Elijah will be killed for sure!”
“Wait! Slow down Helen. Come. Sit and tell me everything.” She poured tea and then took the seat across the table.
Helen sipped the tea, took a deep breath and began again. 
“Elijah felt responsible for Netiro’s attack last night because we were unable to provide enough food. So Nehemiah talked with him and told him that it wasn’t his fault. Then he said it was time to take action against Netiro. Nehemiah told Elijah that he was going to plan an attack. I don’t think he meant to include Elijah. Elijah just appointed himself leader of the attack to relieve his guilt. He’s so excited about all of this. He can’t lead an attack Ezria, especially one of this nature. I’m so afraid. I just don’t know what I’d do if I lost my husband!”  Helen buried her face in her hands as she burst into tears.
“Calm down, Helen. I was not aware of their plans. Be assured I will speak with my husband on your behalf.”
“Oh, Ezria. I would be so grateful if you could convince Nehemiah to leave Elijah behind.” 
“After dinner I will speak with him. Go along now and let me finish cooking.”
“Thank you, Ezria. I know Nehemiah will do the right thing.”
“Yes, he is a good man. Do not worry.”
Ezria could see the relief on Helen’s face when she left. 
What was Nehemiah planning? How could he even think about doing such a crazy thing? She would definitely have a talk with her husband tonight.
* * * * *
“Nehemiah, a word with you, please.”  The voice of his wife’s grandfather pulled him away from his work. He and Bakuk, still chewing his stick, exchanged glances. As one of the village elders, Zakaria was responsible for Nephram. This was not the first time Nehemiah initiated a project without consulting the elders. 
As Bakuk thought back over the years, he realized his friend was a repeat offender. After one of Netiro’s attacks left the temple in shambles, Nehemiah led the men in rebuilding it solely out of mud brick, without the straw, timber, or animal skins that fueled the dragon’s fire. He also led a small band of men to some of the wealthier trading villages to request their assistance. Of course they refused. But he returned with a wealth of knowledge, and was soon designing an irrigation system; digging trenches to create pools that would help keep the fires from spreading. Some would even say he stole Ezria out from under one of the elder’s sons. 
Bakuk knew Nehemiah meant no disrespect; he typically spoke his ideas as they came to him and the people listened. He was so passionate about his causes and so believed his words that the minor detail of including the elders often eluded his mind until it was too late. Zakaria knew this as well, but the rest of the elders weren’t as understanding.
The old man led Nehemiah into his home. He paced the room rubbing his temples.
“You know something must be done.” Nehemiah blurted, already knowing the scolding he would receive.
“Of course I know that!” He abruptly turned to Nehemiah. “The time is long overdue that we fight back. You are like my son, and I see great things in you. I look forward to the day that you can take my place, but today is not that day, Nehemiah!”
“Elijah was hysterical, I wanted to give him hope, help him find strength within himself. I didn’t intend for him to go and tell”— 
“That mouth of yours! It is as much a blessing as it is a curse. If you came to us first, we could have worked together to come up with a plan. We could back you, stand united before the people and have their support. We are old men; the elders are not going into battle. Certainly we would let you lead this foolish mission if that’s what you desire. But look around you. Crops are destroyed, homes damaged, and strong men injured. If you lead the men to their deaths by the teeth of the dragon, who will rebuild? How can we recover? We will die anyway. Now is not the time for vengeance.” 
“I am sorry. You are right. I will end the rumors and tell the people we must focus on rebuilding.” 
“It is not so simple Nehemiah. I fear you must attack now.”
“But, you said—
“I know what I said.” Zakaria stopped pacing and stared at the wall. “Do you know why no one challenges the dragon?”
“He is a formidable foe. We are all taught to fear and obey him from a young age.”
“Yes, a lesson you have obviously disregarded. Nehemiah, you are not the first to think you could defeat the dragon. You are not the only man to want a better life for his family. The others just heed our warning, and for good reason.”
“But”—
“No, for once just listen. When I was a child, younger than Demetrius, there was a man not unlike you. He too thought he could rally the people and destroy Netiro. He was a great warrior during a time when turmoil plagued the land. Even the most tyrannical of rulers would protect his people from their common enemies. But not Netiro. He offered no assistance against the invaders; he only added to their onslaught. He demanded just as much food, his temper just as fiery; he had no sympathy for our village whatsoever. This man, I remember him as a giant of a man.  But I was just a young child. He was convinced that we could not survive those determined to drive us from our land and Netiro and his demands as well. So he planned an attack on the dragon.” Zakaria closed his eyes and sighed heavily before turning to Nehemiah as he continued his story.
“One night, the man simply disappeared. The roof of his home, pried off. His wife and children lay dead in their beds, or what was left of them, I was told. No one saw or heard anything. As day broke, the dragon returned. He roared overhead, demanding everyone come out to see their hero.” Tears welled in Zakaria’s eyes. He pressed his fist against his mouth, swallowed hard, then gathered his composure. “He dropped the man before us. He was so badly burned I couldn’t recognize him. The dragon warned us that this is what happens to those who opposed him. He said if anyone dared touch the man, they would share his fate. So no one did. Not one of us helped him; we were all too afraid. Every man, woman, and child stood helpless as Netiro sauntered off to feast on our sheep.  We were instructed not to move until this man drew his last breath.  And so there we stood. The image still haunts my dreams.”
Nehemiah shook his head. He hated the monster even more.
Zakaria wiped his eyes. “There was speculation that Netiro had help. No one could explain how the dragon knew about the plan, unless he had a spy.”
Nehemiah stared at Zakaria in disbelief. “Who could be so treacherous? Who could help such a monster, against his own people no less?”
“No one knew. But if the dragon sought you out and threatened to destroy your family unless you agreed to be his spy, would you decline? I don’t think many men would, so I cannot condemn that man, whoever he was, and nor should you.”
“If this spy were a man when you were a child, then he has likely passed on by now.”
“Most likely. But are you so naïve to think Netiro has not found a replacement? I fear you may have made yourself a target, Nehemiah.”
Now it was Nehemiah’s turn to pace. He ran his hand through his hair. 
“Whom do you suspect?”
“I have no suspects.”
“Then I must act quickly. I need your help, Zakaria. I need you to conduct a census under the guise of making sure everyone is safe and accounted for. Say that we’d hate for anyone to be lying in a field injured. If anyone is missing, we can assume he has left to warn Netiro.”
“And if he has?” Zakaria asked, as Nehemiah headed for the door. “And what about the elders? They will resist you every step of the way.”
“I may have just marked my family for death. I don’t care about bruising the elders’ delicate egos. We attack tonight.”
Chapter Three 
A   N E W   P R I D E
“Find Jerith.” Nehemiah spoke quietly. I need you both to hide along the path to the dragon’s den. If you see anyone, detain him. And Bakuk, let no one know where you are going.”
“I will do as you ask, but…”
“I’ll send word to you later.”
Bakuk struck his chest with his fist and hurried off.
Nehemiah scanned the bustling village for his wife. He headed toward the smell of cooking food. The sight of roasted lamb made his stomach rumble. Ezria, along with Sara, Mary, and a few other elder women of the village worked tirelessly to make a communal feast to fill the bellies of those working to repair the damages to the village.  Nahorim, despite his injured ankle, was eager to be of use to the village.  He and his grandfather spent much of the morning down at the river.  Just as Ezria hoped, upon their return they contributed a healthy amount of fish to be steamed. Tables with dishes of assorted food and drink were set around the village square for all to rest and receive nourishment.  Nehemiah tore a small piece of steaming meat off the bone, and approached his wife. Ezria had a stack of plates that were gathered from the homes of many of the women.  She was setting them along the tables preparing to call the young children to eat first, allowing the adults to eat while discussing the tactics of rebuilding.
Nehemiah placed his hand on the small of Ezria’s back as he popped the piece of meat into his mouth and chewed quickly. 
“Ezria, we need to talk.”
“Funny, I was thinking the exact same thing.” She placed the final plate onto the table and motioned for Sara to call the children over to eat. 
“What is this I hear about you planning an attack on Netiro?” 
she asked in a hushed voice as Nehemiah led her away from the village square.
“It has to be done, Ezria. We’ve lost two people, many of our sheep are lost, Mettal’s home is beyond repair, and almost half our crops are destroyed. Many are injured and there is so much damage. We’ve put up with this far too long. It ends tonight.”
“How?” she demanded. “How does a man kill a dragon? You have mere swords and spears against the dragon’s strength, fire, claws, and fangs. He has conquered this village before. You said yourself that magic was the only thing that would defeat him. What do you hope to accomplish?” 
“He needs to know that we will not take his abuse any longer. Even if we are unable to kill him, at least we can teach him a lesson.”
“What lesson?” Ezria exclaimed.
“Shh, not so loud.”  Nehemiah warned, and then they both looked around to see if there was anyone within earshot. 
“How easily you can be killed?” she continued. “Nehemiah, you are a dreamer. You have many great ideas. You are brave and charming; you’re a wonderful leader and everyone looks up to you. But sometimes you don’t use good sense. You get so caught up in your ideas and plans that you cannot see their flaws. You cannot defeat the dragon without at least a strategy or a trap…Yes, that’s it! A trap! Trick him! Postpone the battle for a day or two while we come up with…”
“There is no time. I spoke with your grandfather. He advised me to act quickly. I should have the support of the elders and most of the men. I didn’t come here to fight with you Ezria. I need your help.”
“My help? What could I possibly do?”
“Do you remember that smell on the side of Bakuk’s hut that just would not go away? I still don’t know what those boys got into, but he tried everything to get rid of it. Then you made that concoction and cleared it right out?”
“Yes, but what..?”
“Do you think it could remove the scent from a man?”
“Perhaps, but only temporarily. Why?”
He smiled and kissed her forehead. “Wonderful. I need you to make enough to cover every able man in the village. In the dark of night he won’t see us, and with your herbs he won’t smell us. We will fill his belly until he is heavy, and attack as he sleeps in his cave!”
Ezria didn’t like it, but his mind was made up, and his plan seemed reasonable. 
“What of Elijah?” she asked. “Helen is nearly out of her mind with fear.”
“I have no intention of allowing that fool to join this battle, despite what he is telling everyone.”
She nodded. In her mind she began a list of ingredients. 
“It will take hours to make that much. I’ll need every available pot brought to a boil. As soon as Demetrius has finished eating, tell him to come home and bring along a few other children as well. He knows the herbs I need. There might not be enough this time of year, but there may be something better.”
Nehemiah cocked his head and watched her counting on her fingers.
“There is a flower that works to relax the mind. I’ve…mixed it with your tea on occasion when you are a bit too, uh,…” 
“You poison me?”
“You’re still alive,” she smiled. “If I can find enough, and mix it with his food in such a way that he won’t smell or taste it…”
“Woman, you are brilliant.” He grabbed her and kissed her again. 
“Well, one of us has to do something to keep you alive.” She pulled away, her eyes wide and brow furrowed with a new idea. 
“Why not give him enough to kill him? I’m not sure it can kill or how much it would take. If we had more time I…”
“No, it must be done tonight.”
“I still don’t understand the hurry. I could test it on some of our livestock. It may waste good meat, but save many men’s lives.”
“Ezria, your grandfather fears Netiro may strike again soon, very soon. I can explain later, but trust me when I say time is against us. Gather your herbs quickly. We will put him to sleep and strike while he is helpless.” 
She nodded. His mind was made up; there was no deterring him. He was following the words of her own grandfather. She must do everything she could to insure their success.
“I love you, Ezria.” 
“I love you, too.”
He squeezed her hand before they hurried to complete their tasks. Ezria ran to Sara and instructed her to start boiling as much water as possible, while Nehemiah found Demetrius and told him that his mother had a very important task for him and a few friends.
As the children finished their meal, Sara and the other women quickly cleared the tables and prepared for the adults. The elders, seven men chosen to guide Nephram by their vast experience, congregated around the head table. The oldest of them called for attention.
“Let us first give thanks,” he said in his raspy voice.
The crowd fell silent and the work stopped so he could be heard. They were grateful for the break. The day had been long, and they were weighed down by their losses.
“Thanks to our God for protecting us. Yes, there is much lost, but our losses must not overshadow what has been spared. Thanks also, to our beautiful women who prepared this meal for us to share. Let this be a testament to what can be accomplished when we pool our resources. Come, let us enjoy.”
People flocked to the tables. Sara could hardly serve the food fast enough. Nehemiah pushed his way through the crowd to stand with Zakaria.  Zakaria stood looking amongst the crowd with his scroll in one hand. His lips moved behind his thick beard as he counted the people.
“What name do you have for me?”
“Thus far, Nehemiah, your friends Bakuk and Jerith are the only men unaccounted for. No one has seen them in quite some time.”
“They are guarding the path to Netiro’s den,” Nehemiah whispered.
“Ah. This is wise.” Zakaria found their names and checked them off. “The elders will support you. We have a bit to say during dinner, but then it will be up to you.” 
“How did you convince them?”
“Quite easily actually.” Zakaria smiled. “I told them the sooner we allow you to attack the dragon, the sooner we’d be rid of you.”
Both men burst into laughter.
“Yes, I suppose that would do it.”
During dinner there was no mention of the planned attack on Netiro. However, Ezria and Nehemiah were both well aware of the glances towards them. The elders spoke of the progress made and what still needed to be done. Their prayers for those lost and their words of encouragement became background noise as Nehemiah and Ezria discretely discussed their plan.
It wasn’t until a nudge from the man sitting beside him, that Nehemiah brought his attention to the meeting. Nearly everyone was finished eating and Zakaria stood before the village, holding up his arms to quiet the whispers and mutterings.
“As I’m sure you have already heard,” Zakaria began, “we don’t believe we can live like this any longer. After much thought, we have come up with a plan to defeat the dragon. Nehemiah has agreed to lead the attack.”
Zakaria paused to allow the people to digest his words. The mutterings turned into outrage.
“How can we possibly defeat the dragon?” one man yelled out.
“Nehemiah will lead us to our deaths!” 
“Coward! Why should we wait for the dragon to come and kill us all?”
“Quiet! Quiet down!” Zakaria commanded. “We understand your fear, for we share it. But we owe it to ourselves to at least hear his plan.”
All eyes turned to Nehemiah. He took Ezra’s hand under the table and gave it a slight squeeze before he rose to speak.
“It upsets Netiro when we have little to offer, yet he comes during the night and destroys what little we have. How can we ever please him? How much more suffering must we endure? How long before we are forced into famine? Then what? Will he begin killing us all one by one? Will we be forced into the wilderness where there is even less food and water? How many more will die then? I say we have sacrificed too much already. The women were able to find enough food for us today, but what about tomorrow?” He paused and looked over the crowd. His eyes stopped on one of the men who objected. 
“You ask how can we defeat the dragon? He is too big, he is too powerful, no one can defeat him. But have you really looked at the dragon? On his side, along his belly, there are scars. Have you noticed? Scars like those from an animal. Maybe they are a hundred years old, but they are there.”
“Yes!” another man shouted. “I have seen them, and more on his wing!”
“Yes! And how does one receive a scar? Only by being wounded! The dragon is not immortal; he is not all-powerful. Any creature that can be wounded can be killed! Yes he is big, yes he is strong. But he is one and we are many! Look to the lions that kill an elephant. One solitary lion is easily crushed under its powerful tusks and feet. But together, as a pride, they can destroy those thick-skinned giants. The lion does not want to face such a powerful opponent, but when his survival and the survival of his pride depends on the meat the beast would provide, it does not cower before those mighty tusks. No longer are we rabbits that burrow into the ground in the face of danger. No longer shall we cower at the sound of his roar, or shy at the sight of his shadow. We are lions and our survival depends on being free of the dragon! 
“No more sharing our hard-earned food with a lazy dragon! No more living in fear, lying awake in our beds worrying that he will burn our homes to the ground. Enough suffering! I don’t want to live the rest of my days like this! I don’t want our children and their children to live like this! We must end it now! Tonight we slay a dragon!”
Most stood up and cheered. Nehemiah looked at Ezria and saw her pride. When the people settled down, he continued.
“We will feed Netiro tonight with a large helping of whatever leftovers we have and more. He will think we are willing to do anything to please him. Ezria has found an herb that will make him sleepy. I’m sure it will make a nice seasoning for his food.” He smiled at his wife. “While he sleeps, his belly heavy and full, we sneak into his cave and destroy him!” His voice rose when he asked, “Who will march with me?”
All of the men shouted their eagerness to volunteer. He watched their faces, looking for a few in particular. He found Elijah cheering near the front of the crowd and stepped close to him.
“My friend Elijah, I would not ask this of many. I need someone I can trust to stay behind and watch after my wife and son, as well as the other women and children. There is still much to be done here; much is still left in shambles. Would you please do me that honor?” 
Elijah looked stunned; he was clearly disappointed that Nehemiah wanted him to stay behind. He studied the ground for a moment trying to think of a response. 
“I think I would be of more help to you in battle. Don’t you think? I am ready to fight the dragon. I am not afraid.”
“I realize how eager you are to join me in battle, but someone whom we all feel is very trustworthy and resourceful should remain behind. I can’t think of anyone better than you. Your task is just as important as being in battle. Life must continue. The women and children must be looked after. The sheep need protection from the wolves. Mettal’s home needs to be rebuilt. Someone must stay, just in case.”
“What about Mettal?” Elijah asked. “He is also a good man. He would do well taking charge of the women and children.”
“I agree. I was hoping that you would take charge, and that Mettal, since his son is injured, would also remain behind as your assistant.”
He turned to Mettal for support. Elijah also met Mettal’s eyes through the crowd. Mettal nodded at Elijah in acceptance of the task assigned to him. Helen held her breath. The entire village was waiting for a reply. Finally, after a long moment of silence, Elijah turned back to Nehemiah.
“If you feel it is best, I would be honored to look after the women and children.”
“Thank you my friend. I feel much better knowing that my wife and son will be well cared for while I am away.” 
He discreetly glanced at Helen and gave her a smile. Without even having to ask, Nehemiah knew that Mettal would look after his family should he fail to return. 
Next, he turned his gaze to look for yet another amongst the crowd. He found him far in the back.
“Yamin!” he shouted. “Your children have lost their mother to the dragon. It is unacceptable for them to loose their father to the same fate. I am sure everyone would agree that your place is with your children.”
“I have been troubled with this decision all day. Should I avenge my wife’s death? Or stay behind to make sure my little girls will have their father around to watch them grow?” Yamin spoke quietly and avoided eye contact with anyone.
“Will you not trust us to avenge your wife’s death? I promise you, Yamin, I will cut three claws from the dead body of the dragon. One for you, and one for each of your girls. This I will do or die trying.”
Yamin would have been more than willing to go into battle with the others; but he loved his little girls, and he knew they needed him more than he needed revenge.
“We will get him for you,” Josef said, patting Yamin’s back.
Others crowded around Yamin, offering condolences and promises of revenge for him. Yamin was overcome with too many emotions; he needed to get away from everyone. He waved at Nehemiah and slowly walked away.
Nehemiah was relieved things had gone exactly as he had planned. He watched Yamin walk away before speaking again. 
“Now, now! I’m not quite finished yet. Anyone else choosing to remain behind may do so. All others will follow me; we will discuss our plan in detail.”
He sat next to Ezria and leaned close. 
“How did I do?” 
“You were magnificent, just as I knew you would be. I am very proud of the way you handled Elijah. I’m sure Helen is very pleased with you as well.”
“But is my wife pleased?” he asked tenderly.
“Of course I’m pleased. I always am. I’m just afraid for you. It is a comfort that Mettal will be here, too. I couldn’t bear to have Elijah lurking around my home, trying to take care of me when he can barely take care of his own family.”
They both chuckled at the thought.
“That’s why I asked him to stay behind as well. It would do no good to have a fool try to lead a village full of our wise elders, our beautiful women, and our precious children. No, no. With Mettal and Yamin around, Elijah will stay in his place.” He leaned in again; this time to kiss her. 
“This shouldn’t take too long. I’ll be home as soon as I can.”
Ezria watched her husband walk away. Several men soon joined him as the group headed for the stream. She watched until he disappeared in the crowd, then got up and began clearing the dishes.
Helen watched from the other end of the long table as Ezria and Nehemiah talked. When he left, she rose and began helping Ezria. For a while, the two women worked in silence. Soon they were joined by other women in cleaning up and packing the food to be taken to Netiro this evening. 
Finally, Helen approached Ezria. 
“Thank you, Ezria. I feel so much better now knowing that Elijah will be safe.” 
Ezria just grunted as she fussed over the dishes, not even looking at Helen.
“That was so cleaver of Nehemiah—giving him an important responsibility like that. Don’t you think?” When Ezria didn’t respond, Helen inquired, “What’s wrong Ezria?” 
The bowls were slammed onto the table. Ezria turned to face Helen. 
“Yes, I suppose you would feel better. You will have your husband in your bed every night. What about the rest of us?” 
Helen was surprised by Ezria’s reaction. 
“But Ezria, Nehemiah and the other men are so strong and so brave.”
“They are just men, Helen. Do you think because they are stronger and braver than your pitiful husband they are made of more than just flesh and bones? Even if they do succeed in killing Netiro, how many of our men will not return? How many will be severely injured? Nehemiah has saved your husband. Who will save mine?”
“I…I am so sorry, Ezria. I…wasn’t thinking. Is there anything I can..?”
“No. I don’t need anything from you or your husband. Demetrius and I will be fine all by ourselves.”
“You speak as if Nehemiah is…already…”
“He is going to fight a dragon, Helen. An evil, vicious dragon!”
Helen’s eyes filled with tears as she watched Ezria storm off without as much as a glance back. She wiped them quickly when she saw Mary and Sara approach. 
“She needs to be alone right now,” Sara explained. “There is so much left to do.”
“Come on, Helen. Help us pack up this food,” Mary said.
“But, I’ve been so selfish—so worried about my husband—not even thinking about anyone else,” Helen admitted through sniffles.
“Well, that’s done,” Sara said, “and we have no time to cry over something that hasn’t happened yet. Our men are doing what they have to do to protect us all. Some may not survive. We will deal with that when the time comes. And I don’t need you pitying me as if my husband and brothers are already dead.” She turned and began cleaning up where Ezria left off.
“Hurry now,” Mary urged. “Ezria needs many pots of water for the poison she’s making.”
Helen did as she was told; she wiped her face on her sleeve and worked as fast as she could.
Ezria returned to her home to find Demetrius sorting through his basket of herbs. She wiped her eyes and smoothed her robes when she saw him. She would have preferred a few minutes alone, but wanted the boy to be here when his father came home. Nehemiah would have to explain to his son what he was planning to do. Ezria didn’t feel she could tell him without crying. 
“Mother, I gathered as much as I could find. What are you making?”
“Your father wants to get rid of some odors.” She pulled out her mortar and pestle and sorted through Demetrius’ pile of herbs. “Here, separate the seeds like this. Are these herbs bothering your eyes?  You’re squinting again, and your eyes are watery.” 
“No mother, I’m fine.”  Demetrius could tell she wasn’t in the mood for talk. He blinked hard a few times then wiped the water from his eyes. He then quietly followed her instructions. She sent him outside frequently for more boiling water as she taught him how to make the special tea.
With Demetrius busy with the tasks given to him, Ezria focused on the more problematic potion. The flowers used were sweet and aromatic. She didn’t know if Netiro knew of their power, but she could not risk raising his suspicion. It was not difficult to hide the smell, but eliminating the taste would be a challenge. She mumbled to herself as she worked, often tapping her finger as she thought. Finally, she took a piece of meat and dipped it into the steamy liquid.
“Here, taste it,” she said, offering it to her son.
Demetrius popped the morsel into his mouth and chewed. He smiled. “It’s good.”
“It’s not supposed to be good!” She slammed her fist on the table. She shook her head and poured out her failed attempt. “Take your tea out to Sara if you are finished mixing it. Tell her I said it needs to simmer for a while.”
Demetrius carried the heavy pot out to Sara as instructed while Ezria rested her face in her hands. She went over everything in her mind. She searched her deepest memories of the lessons her grandmother taught her; every recipe she learned and every flower and herb she ever tasted. There must be a way. She took a drink and her eyes opened. The beverage was one of the first her grandmother taught her to make. It wasn’t tasteless, but she used it to refresh her tongue when perfecting a new recipe. She quickly gathered the ingredients to make more. If she modified the recipe slightly, maybe she could extract the cleansing power of the drink to remove, or at least weaken, the taste of the sleeping tea. She worked quickly; her hope restored. 
Demetrius returned with a fresh pot of hot water. He didn’t know the plan, but he could tell it was important. He had no intention of disappointing her. He worked as quickly and quietly as he could so as not to disturb her. Though he could tell she was worried, he was enjoying this time in the kitchen with her. He thought of how proud she would be of him when she tested his tea. He felt privileged to be a part of such an important task; after all, not everyone’s mother knew such recipes. In fact, as far as he knew, she was the only one with the skill to make so many medicines and concoctions.
The two worked in near silence, except for Ezria’s occasional mutterings, Demetrius’s occasional questions, or Ezria sending Demetrius for more water or herbs. It took many a trial and error, and a lot of wasted herbs, but she finally came up with something that sufficiently masked the taste of the sleeping tea. She mixed the two in the large pot and added a large chunk of leftover lamb.  The concoction would require a slow boil to allow the meat to absorb as much of the poisonous liquid as possible. Four hours would be ideal, two might be good enough, but Ezria only had slightly less than one hour for her potion to boil before she and Demetrius would have to take the poisoned meat out to be packed with the leftovers and the freshly slain sheep that would be delivered to Netiro. 
Demetrius deeply inhaled the steaming brew, and despite the fact that he assisted in the preparations for his mothers’ potion, was enthralled at how odorless the cooking meat was, especially given the variety of aromatic herbs that was used as the stock. He unexpectedly found himself very intrigued by the power one could wield with the knowledge to manipulate simple herbs and spices.  He decided that he would invest a considerable amount of time investigating the properties of plants.
Ezria set about doing other various tasks while worrying that the meat hadn’t sufficient time to absorb enough of the poison.  And even if it had, she had no idea how much was required to put the dragon to sleep. She could only hope.
When Nehemiah returned home from the meeting, he found Ezria searching for extra kitchen utensils to give Mary. He walked up behind her and gave her a hug. When she didn’t return the hug, he realized she was still concerned about his plans. 
“The food is on its way to Netiro,” he said. “He should be sound asleep soon.”
“We don’t know that. If I had more time, Nehemiah.”
“Zakaria warned me that Netiro may be using one of us as his spy.”
“What? That is absurd! Who would betray the entire village to the dragon?”
“Sadly he was right,” Nehemiah sighed. “Bakuk and Jerith intercepted him on his way to inform the dragon.”
“Who?” She was flabbergasted.
“Josef. The dragon threatened to kill his mother, his sisters and brothers, as well as his wife who is with child. I cannot hate this man. He is young and terrified. Any one of us would be willing to do anything to keep our loved ones safe.”
“Poor Josef, the burden he must have born…that is why you must attack tonight?”
Nehemiah nodded. “We didn’t know who the spy was. I just pray there is only one. We have him restrained for now, but he is deeply sorry. He will join us in battle. He wants to; he needs to be redeemed for his betrayal.” 
“There seems to be no end to our troubles. I look forward to the morning this nightmare ends.”
“It ends tonight, Ezria.” He pulled her close and kissed her lips. “Tomorrow, when you wake up, you’ll wipe your eyes and crawl out of bed; and all of this will be a memory.”
“I wish I had your confidence, your faith. Whatever it is that makes you think you can do anything.”
“When I was young, my mother told me to do what I thought was right, and do it the best I could. God will take care of the rest.”
“She is a wise woman,” she hugged him tightly. “Nehemiah, you need to be the one to tell Demetrius of your plans.”
He kissed her again, and then went into Demetrius’ room. The boy sat in the middle of his bed, entertaining himself again by directing objects to float around the room. 
“You are really getting good at this. All that practicing has paid off.”
Startled by the unexpected interruption, Demetrius lost his concentration. The objects crashed to the floor.
“It’s easy. All I have to do is think about it and it just happens. Watch this!”
Demetrius stood and looked at the blanket on his bed. On its own, it floated across the room. It passed just above Nehemiah’s head and landed back on the bed, just as it was before it took flight.
“I am surprised at how easy it is for you to learn this magic without a teacher.” Nehemiah bent to pick up some of the objects from the floor. 
“You don’t have to pick those up. I’ll get them in a minute. Want to see me do something else?”
“No, not right now, son. I need to talk to you about other things. Tonight, I will be leading most of the men of the village into battle. We are going to kill the dragon and end this curse upon our village.” He watched the boy’s face for some type of reaction. When he saw none, he continued.
“Your mother doesn’t think it’s a good idea, but as men, protectors of our village and families, we feel it is our responsibility to put an end to our enemy. We must act before Netiro attacks again.”
“I already heard about it. Some of the children were talking earlier today. But I don’t understand. You said the only way to kill Netiro was by magic. So I was thinking that, maybe I should go with you and I could…”
“No, my son. Don’t even think such a thing.” Nehemiah sat down on his child’s bed. “You have progressed so much and I am very proud of you, but you are not ready to face a dragon. There is still so much for you to learn about your talent. You can’t possibly have the control or command of power to be successful. At least not yet. Moving objects around is a great beginning, but I fear it will require much more than that to kill this dragon.”
“But I can do more. Let me show you. Maybe if I can show him that I have magic, he will run away and never come back!” 
Nehemiah held his son by his shoulders. 
“Demetrius, listen to me.  If and when Netiro discovers your magic, he will do everything in his power to kill you. If we fail tonight, your magic must be kept a secret. Practice as much as possible until you are absolutely sure you are ready. Then you will be able to face Netiro and defeat him. But not before. Promise me that if I fail, you will bide your time until there is no doubt in your mind and no fear in your heart.”
“I understand, but I already feel that…”
“No, Demetrius. Netiro has been around for a very long time. In addition to being big and powerful, he is also very smart. He knows all about magic. You have but the slightest understanding of it. Why do you think he banned magic so long ago? What do you suppose happened to those who once had and used magic? Did he kill them all, did they just go away, or are they too hiding their talents? I don’t know what happened. I don’t have all the answers, but I do know that you are not ready yet. We will take care of Netiro tonight so you will not have to worry about it.”
“But what if you can’t?”
“We will do the best we can, Demetrius. Now that’s the end of it. I have given you instructions. I expect that you will follow my wishes and keep your promise in the event that we are not successful.” 
“Yes Sir. If you should fail, I promise to wait until I am certain that I have control of my powers and no fear in my heart before I challenge him.”
“Will you look after your mother while I’m gone?”
“Of course. I always do when you are gone hunting.”
“I know you do.” Nehemiah ruffled the boy’s hair and smiled at him. 
“I better get to bed if I intend to be well rested before I go.” He got up and started toward the door.
“Good night, Father. And good luck. I will say a prayer for you before I sleep.”
“Thank you. You are such a good boy. I am so proud of you.” 
He looked at his son as if for the first time. Hiding behind the innocence in Demetrius’ eyes, was an abundance of wisdom and power gaining strength, just waiting to burst forth. Had it always been there? Or was this something that came with the magic? He didn’t know. But he was sure that, regardless of this night’s outcome, Demetrius would be a great man one day. 
Chapter Four
R E V O L T
Nehemiah lay awake holding Ezria in his arms. He knew he should be sleeping but his mind was wide awake. He looked over at her face; sleep seemed to be evading her as well. As was time. Her face was still as beautiful as the day they wed. Her hair just as long and thick, flowing around her shoulders as he ran his fingers through it. If it weren’t for this horrid curse, he would think he was the luckiest man in the world. 
A man does not become great by having it easy.  It is adversity that pushes him to greatness. The time was near. He could hear the men gathering outside. He wondered if the dragon could be defeated. He kissed her forehead and sat up. No point in doubting himself now. His family, his people, they all counted on him and believed in him. He must not fail them. 
“Is it time already?” Ezria whispered.
“It is.” 
He gave her a hug and held her tightly. 
“Whatever happens tonight, know that I love you and that I do this for you and our son.”
“I know.”
He kissed her quickly, then rose and went about his preparations. After strapping on his boots and battle garments, he lifted his father’s sword. This sword was the one possession he treasured. The land he stood on was bravely fought for and won by his father when the northern tribe attacked their small village long ago. He remembered when he was just a young boy, how his father fought off hordes of men to protect his land, his wife, and family. One day the sword would be passed on to his own boy.
“I remember when I was young, I was so proud when I saw him fight. The stories he told and the things he did were amazing. I always hoped I would be as strong and brave as he was.”
“You are. He would be proud of you. We are proud of you, too.”
He smiled, sheathed the sword and left the room. He stopped by Demetrius’ room and peaked in. He looked as if he were sleeping.
“Father?” Demetrius called out.
“I thought you were asleep.”
“No, I couldn’t sleep. You’re going to make Netiro sorry he ever came here, aren’t you?”
“Of course I will! We’ll come back with his ugly head on a platter!” 
“And can I have a necklace made out of his teeth?” Demetrius sat up looking more excited about his father’s possible victory.
“I don’t know about that.” Nehemiah laughed. “His teeth may be too big to make into a necklace. Why are you so excited anyway? Just a few hours ago you seemed so afraid about all of this.”
“I wasn’t afraid!” Demetrius said defensively. “Besides, Netiro will be gone by this time tomorrow. I know it. The same way I knew something was going to happen before Netiro attacked.”
“What? You knew the dragon was going to attack?”
“No, not really.” Demetrius paused, trying to think of how to explain. “I just knew something bad was going to happen. I don’t know how, and at the time I didn’t know what it meant or what to do. Now, I know that after tomorrow, he’s never going to bother us again. I just know it.”
“This must be part of your magic. How often do you get these feelings?”
“A lot lately.”
“This sounds like a powerful magic, Demetrius. You would be wise to listen to these feelings and try to understand what they mean. I’m sorry I can’t help you more to understand your path to what appears to be you becoming some sort of wizard or sorcerer. But I promise you, as soon as we have restored order to Nephram, I will do everything I can to find you a teacher. I won’t allow your gift to be suppressed by a dragon or by lack of teachers or anything else.” 
Nehemiah sat on the bed next to his son. “I’m glad we talked tonight, you have given me great hope and strength. But before I go, I want you to reflect on these days of persecution and slavery to the dragon. I never want you to forget the destruction and despair this monster caused. I believe in all situations, no matter how dire, we can find opportunities to learn, to be thankful, to see the good and count our blessings. I believe these times may serve as an invaluable lesson to you. 
“The dragon is extremely powerful, he could do an abundance of good for this village and others if he so chose. Instead he has chosen evil. Many who are given great power become slaves to it themselves and become tyrants. Promise me you will never forget what happened here, and that no matter how powerful you become, you will use your magic only for good.”
“Father, I could never…I would never dream of doing evil!” Demetrius was shocked his father would even think such a thing.
“I know you wouldn’t. But power can corrupt even the purest of hearts, my son. I would not be a good father if I didn’t warn you to monitor your actions. You’ll be a man soon; you’ll have to make your own decisions. I have to be sure that I’m teaching you to make good ones. You understand?”
Demetrius reluctantly nodded.
“Your heart is good, Demetrius. Your body is strong and you are wise beyond your years. You will be a great man one day.” He leaned down and kissed his son’s forehead and hugged him. “Don’t worry about it now. We’ll have plenty of time once Netiro is gone to get you all the guidance you need.”
“I promise I’ll always use my magic for good. I’ll look after Mother while you’re gone, and I’ll make you proud of me, you’ll see.” Demetrius said, still hugging his father.
“I already am. If I had one hundred sons, I couldn’t be more proud of any of them than I am of you.” He ruffled his hair. “I love you, Son.”
“I love you too.”
“I should go now. Get some sleep, and I’ll see you in the morning.” 
He walked out of Demetrius’ room to find Ezria standing at the window. 
“Goodbye Ezria, I love you.”
He couldn’t see her face but he knew she was crying.
“Goodbye my love. May God be with you. With us all.”
He turned to leave.
“Wait,” she ran to him and held him close. “Please be careful, Nehemiah.”
“I will.” He kissed her one last time then left to meet the men outside.
“Nehemiah!” Jerith called as he came running towards him. “Thought you were never coming out of there.”
“I had to say goodbye to my family. Jerith, have you been drinking already?”
“Of course! How else am I to get the nerve to battle a dragon?”
“What am I going to do with you? I would try to marry you off but I doubt I would have any bidders.”
“Bah!”
They walked among the men, talking and poking fun at each other for a while. Nehemiah was glad to see everyone with such high spirits and energy. Demetrius’ words also helped to boost his confidence. He was sure victory would soon be theirs.
“Attention! All of you!” Nehemiah leapt atop a big rock and looked around him. Everyone was dressed, preparing their horses, sharpening weapons, praying, saying goodbye to family, or drinking. They were a good-looking group and as it grew silent he was determined he would bring back as many as he could. 
“As I look around, I find myself in awe of the men around me. This is the bravest group I have ever had the pleasure of being amongst. That, or the most foolish.”
Some of the men burst into laughter.
“What do you know about bravery, Nehemiah?” Jerith yelled from the crowd as he ran to Nehemiah and pushed him off of the rock. Everyone roared with laughter as Jerith took Nehemiah’s place on the rock. “Coming from a man who can barely ride a horse!” 
“The man who looks like a camel jests?” Nehemiah teased back.
“Now that’s getting personal, Nehemiah.”
“Get down from there, you big oaf.”
Jerith jumped down and Nehemiah took his place on the rock. 
From atop the rock he gazed into the sky until the laughter faded and a wave of seriousness washed over the group. He’d gone over the words he would speak several times in his mind. But as he stood in front of his friends, neighbors, and family, he couldn’t remember the speech he had prepared. He looked out into the waiting crowd. He had commanded their full attention; his silence may be interpreted as fear. But he knew it was very important that he choose his words carefully. He took a deep breath and trusted that the Lord would put the right words in his mouth.
“Where we go now, I can not guarantee you will all return. But whether you die tonight, or a hundred seasons from now, you shall always be remembered by your children and your children’s children and their children’s children as heroes. As the men who freed our families from the curse which has plagued our village for far too long. Into the dragon’s lair we will descend tonight, and as the sun will rise, so shall we. Free and alive with the head of the dragon! Strength and honor be your shields, freedom and justice be your sword. It is time to kill a dragon!”
The roar of applause and cheers that rose that night from the village rivaled that of the dragon. Nehemiah ran his hand through his disheveled hair as his eyes traversed the crowd. He smiled his charming half smile—the same one that helped him win the trust of the people to become the unofficial leader of the village; the same one that won him the most desired woman of the time when far wealthier men were vying for her affection. There were older men, some would say there were wiser men too. Certainly there were more intelligent and muscular men, but he was the one, when the need arose, who inspired his people. He was the one they looked to for leadership time and time again. He was the one that earned Ezria’s love and had been blessed with a son gifted with magic. Nehemiah was a man who usually got what he wanted, and right now he smiled because he wanted a dragon. 
“To the dragon’s lair!” He raised his sword to the night sky as if victory was already theirs. The cheers continued as he jumped down from his perch on the rock. He moved through the bustling crowd, shaking hands and slapping backs, as they all headed to their steeds.
“Nehemiah, where is your horse?” someone shouted.
Jerith laughed and slapped him on the back as he walked past to get on his horse.
“Did you have to say that?” Nehemiah mounted his horse beside Jerith.
“I thought it might enliven the spirits. No one wants to hear one of your dull speeches.” He laughed and galloped into the night. 
“Nehemiah!” Elijah ran towards him, waving his arms. “Nehemiah, don’t worry. You can count on me. I’ll do my best. You come back and take care of your family yourself though.”
“Thank you Elijah, and I too will do my best.” He shook his hand and nodded to him and his wife. With a swift kick in his horse’s ribs, he disappeared into the night. 
Ezria and Demetrius watched the scene from her window, their gazes locked on the backs of the riders until long after the last had vanished from sight. Demetrius put his arm around his mother to comfort her.
“Goodbye, Nehemiah.” Ezria softly whispered.
* * * * *
They galloped down the familiar trail on the backs of horses, mules, camels, and oxen. Some even rode in pairs; whatever it took to arrive at the cave quickly and with their full strength. Spirits remained high for most of the journey; the reality of the danger they galloped towards had not yet settled in their minds. As Nephram disappeared behind them, the galloping hooves brought Netiro’s cave closer. When the sun peeked over the hills to the east, the bragging, the threats of vengeance, the jokes and cheers and signs of bravado faded with the dark of night. The horses slowed to a walk. Their nostrils flared and muscles twitched. Some snorted and fought the control of their masters’ reins. All were obviously uneasy by the smell of roasted meat in the air. 
Nehemiah led the group with his two closest friends, Jerith and Bakuk on either side of him. The animals were growing too nervous; they were running the risk of jeopardizing their element of surprise. He gave the signal to dismount. The band of warriors traveled the remainder of the way on foot. Each man silent, caught in his own thoughts, trying to mentally prepare for what was to come. Finally, the wooded frame of the cave they loathed came into view. Giant footprints, crushed bones, and charred remains littered the ground.
“We are really going to do this?” Josef asked.
“That’s right,” Bakuk answered, looking into the dark cave.
“Do we have to go in the cave? Can we not fight him out here?” he asked.
“Now don’t get weak on us, Josef.”
“Look how small that cave is compared to Netiro.” Nehemiah whispered. “I would bet he can barely move around in there. But we can. Do you really want to stay out in the open where Netiro can move freely and fly and blow fire everywhere?”
“In there, he would burn himself if he tried to breathe fire.” 
“Have faith my brother.” Bakuk added.
Nehemiah patted Josef’s back. “Ready, Jerith?”
“After you,” he said, smiling.
He looked at Josef, who nodded.
“Bakuk?”
“Fight safe brothers.” Bakuk playfully gave their backs a slap before he moved forward. Crouched low, he jogged silently over the bones and twigs until he reached the entrance and peered inside. He squatted down, his hand ready on the hilt of his sword, and stuck his head inside. His keen eyes quickly adjusted to the darkness; he sniffed the putrid air. The cave was carved deep into the terrain and seemed to consist of winding turns. The dragon could not be seen, but he was certain he was there. Bakuk looked back to the men and gestured with his head to proceed before he disappeared into the cave.
Nehemiah led the others, tiptoeing toward the entrance, weapons in hand. Jerith skillfully spun his sword, causing the air around it to whirl. Into the rocky chasm they cautiously followed. The cave was much deeper than Nehemiah anticipated, and descended downward, but thankfully it remained relatively narrow. All around them, the ceiling and walls were scarred from Netiro’s spikes. Nehemiah ran his hand inside one of the long gouges. If he could do this to solid rock, what could he do to his shield? Or, more importantly, his flesh? Nehemiah swallowed his fear and pressed on. After a short descent, they heard a growl that froze them dead in their tracks and made their hair stand on end.
“Is it possible he knows we are coming?” Josef whispered.
Nehemiah hushed him and listened to the rhythmic growls for a moment. He looked ahead to Bakuk, who pressed his back against the wall of the cave and peered around the next bend. He held his hand up, signaling for them to wait.  He paused then slowly unsheathed his sword. Bakuk nodded and proceeded to slink around the corner, again disappearing into the darkness.
“No sense in stopping now.” Jerith muttered.
Nehemiah took a deep breath and signaled for them to continue. The narrow cavern opened upon a large chamber where Netiro was lying on his stomach snoring. Nehemiah waved his arm in a circle signaling for them to surround Netiro. He stood directly in front of Netiro’s massive jaws with Jerith to his right, Bakuk to his left, and Josef positioned at the rear. The other men filed in. Unlike Jerith, Nehemiah never liked to fight. But as he thought of all they had lost to this dragon, he felt enough rage to kill a thousand dragons. He turned and nodded to Jerith then to Bakuk. Jerith spun his large sword as he silently strolled toward Netiro’s head.
Nehemiah raised his sword above his head. For my family he thought, as he heaved the weapon down with more strength than he knew he had. Netiro’s eye shot open as Bakuk charged and jumped onto the dragon, plunging his sword into his side. The dragon roared in pain and reared as high as he could under the low ceiling. Nehemiah’s attack just missed his target. His blade only grazed Netiro’s neck instead of slicing through. The dragon tried to lash his tail, but Josef jammed his sword through it and into the ground, pinning it in place.
“Fools!” Netiro roared as the men continued to attack him. They jumped on him, slicing and stabbing as much as they could before they were violently thrown off. Netiro bucked and kicked in his limited room. Some were smashed against the ceiling; others crumpled under his feet.
Jerith and Nehemiah remained on the ground dodging his chaotic attacks. Jerith countered every one of Netiro’s strikes with one of his own, showing his true fighting prowess. The bulky man, amazingly agile for his size, spun under the whirling teeth and slashed the dragon’s neck. He then scrambled under Netiro’s flailing feet to where Nehemiah helped a fallen man to his feet and pulled him to safety.
“Nehemiah, he won’t die! I can’t count how many times I stabbed him and he just keeps roaring and kicking!”
“Don’t give up, Jerith!” he said, as he slashed a giant leg. “He is made of flesh and blood isn’t he?” 
“Give up? Who said anything about giving up?” he yelled, dodging a freed but bloody tail.
“That’s my boy, Jerith!”
The battle went on, and on, but no one showed signs of weariness. Bakuk jumped atop the dragon again and again, only to be thrown off again and again. Eventually he reached the top of Netiro’s head.
“We just got one more advantage, Brothers!” he yelled as he jammed a dagger in Netiro’s eye. The dragon screamed and reared up. Bakuk was hurled against the rocky ceiling, ricocheted off and crashed to the ground below. He didn’t move.
Nehemiah saw Netiro’s huge feet coming down toward his friend.
“No!” He ran to Bakuk and slid to his knees under the descending foot, pointing his sword upward. Netiro screamed as the sword pierced through his foot.  He jumped, simultaneously flapping his wings. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to enable him to burst through the rock, dirt and trees that made the ceiling of his home. Now able to move freely, he filled his den with fire. The men screamed and ran to escape. Nehemiah, ignoring his own flaming clothing, struggled with Bakuk’s limp body. He yanked him over his shoulders and carried him out of the blazing den.
“Get everyone out of here, Jerith!” he yelled over screams and roars.
“What do you think I’m doing?” Jerith yelled back, as he threw two men out of the smoky tunnel. Nehemiah patted the flames from himself and Bakuk.
“Where is Josef?”
He looked back into the den and spotted Josef rolling on the ground, desperately trying to put out the flames. Nehemiah ripped off his burning armor and ran back into the flames. Grabbing Josef in his arms, he ran for the tunnel but the fire became unbearable and he fell to the ground. He crawled, dragging Josef behind him, coughing and weakened by the struggle; eyes burning and blinded by the smoke.
“I’ve got you Nehemiah!” Jerith grabbed Nehemiah’s arm, dragging them both through the tunnel. It was filling with thick smoke, and they struggled to breathe as they helped each other exit the burning cave. 
Bakuk’s head was spinning, but in the fresh air, his thoughts cleared. He rubbed his sore head and blinked a few times, forcing his eyes to focus. “Now what?”
“It’s not over yet. Look!” Jerith said. Netiro circled overhead like a vulture.
“Fools! You have lost for nothing. Tonight your whole village will be no more!” He roared.
“Not if I have anything to do about it!” Jerith yelled, as he charged the dragon with every remaining drop of strength. Two other men followed his lead. 
“Nehemiah?”
Nehemiah patted Josef’s chest as he lay in the dirt gasping. “Rest, Josef.” he said, as he struggled to his feet, trying to ignore his own pain. He grabbed some small branches of brush and carefully laid them atop his wounded friend, hoping to protect him from the dragon. Finally Nehemiah picked up his sword. “We’re not done yet.”
* * * * *
“Mother!” Mother!” Demetrius jerked awake. Ezria jumped from her bed where she lie awake in thought and ran to her son.
“Demetrius? What’s the matter?” She tried to hold and comfort him, but he was too hysterical. He sat straight up in the bed, roughly rubbing his hands down his face and rocking.
“I was wrong Mother! I was wrong. Father is in trouble!” he shouted at her.
“What are you talking about? I’m sure your father is fine. He’s giving that dragon the fight of his life.”
“No. No. You don’t understand! I…I…”
“What is it Demetrius? Tell me!” Ezria pleaded.
“I told him that they would win the battle, but I was wrong. He’s in trouble now. And he needs me!”
“Oh no, Demetrius. You must have been dreaming. Your father is the best…”
“I wasn’t dreaming. I wasn’t even asleep! He’s in trouble! They all are!”
Ezria tried to coax Demetrius to lie back down in the bed. 
“Calm down now. You don’t know these things that you are talking about. How could you? ”
“I do know. I don’t know how. I just know. I just do. I told him wrong. I told him that we would be free of Netiro today, but that was only partly true. It’s almost too late. I have to go! He needs my help!” Demetrius tried to jump out of the bed, but his Mother held him firmly. 
“Demetrius, don’t be silly. You are not leaving this house! Besides, they are probably on their way back by now.”
“No, he’s not coming back. It’s too late. It’s already too late.” He lay back down and cried.
* * * * *
Deep in the woods, the battle continued. Jerith, Nehemiah, Bakuk, along with many others relentlessly fought the dragon. Netiro, no longer trapped in his den, though weakened, beaten, and exhausted, smiled as he easily evaded their futile strikes. 
“We’ve lost our advantage Nehemiah!” 
“He’s as tired as we. Attack his blind side. We still have a chance!” Nehemiah yelled to the men as the dragon circled overhead once again. 
“Bakuk, on my word, run away into the woods. When Netiro comes down, we’ll turn him this way. You sneak up on his blind side and go for his neck. Understand?” 
“Great idea, Nehemiah!” Jerith exclaimed as he readied himself for the next attack. The other men positioned themselves and waited for Nehemiah’s signal. It came only a few moments later.
“Go Bakuk!”
Bakuk took off into the woods. It was easy to fit in with the other men retreating in terror. He just hoped he hadn’t drawn attention to the injured as they fled. Some were not so injured that they could not still fight. He understood their fear, but retreat was not an option. If they failed, there would be no place to retreat to.
“Any man who is able, pick up your bow!” he called out to them. “Hide if you must, but fire upon the beast. We have not escaped his fury!” 
“Look! You run like cowards back to your homes,” the dragon bellowed. “Don’t you know that it will all be destroyed? There will be no more skirts to hide under. I shall make meals of your women, and desserts of your children!”
Bakuk continued on. He ducked behind a stand of shrubbery and waited for his opportunity. This might be their last effort. He had to get in good position to make the final attack.
As expected, Netiro swooped to the ground to end this battle. All of the men faced Netiro, keeping him occupied with feigned charges as Bakuk crept up behind him. A little closer and he’d be able to attack. If only he would lower his head, Bakuk thought. Please, Netiro, lower your head just a little. He whispered to himself over and over as he sneaked closer and closer. Jerith, as if sensing Bakuk’s plea, threw his sword at Netiro’s head, forcing him to duck low enough for Bakuk to attack. Bakuk didn’t hesitate. He leapt at Netiro with the force of ten men. He flung himself through the air with his great sword held high over his head, the pointed blade targeting Netiro’s thick neck. Unexpectedly, Netiro turned. Even though Bakuk had approached Netiro from his blind side, the giant saw his flying death-blow coming. His gaping mouth snatched Bakuk from mid-air. He violently shook the man. His teeth ripped the flesh and crushed the bones. Bakuk swung his sword towards the dragon’s neck, but lacked the strength to pierce his tough hide. His hand went limp and the sword fell to the ground. 
“Bakuk!” Nehemiah charged Netiro. The dragon spit out Bakuk’s lifeless body and turned to ready himself for the next attack. Nehemiah leapt towards Netiro’s massive head, ignoring the salivating mouth dripping with Bakuk’s blood. As he hurtled through the air, a mere three feet from Netiro’s opened mouth, Nehemiah threw his sword right into the dragon’s neck. The sword pierced the tender flesh between the multitude of scales. Bright crimson blood spurted from the wound. As his sword found its target, Nehemiah found himself caught in Netiro’s sharp canines. So overcome by pain, the dragon quickly dropped Nehemiah to the ground. He lay there, motionless, barely able to breathe.
Netiro’s roar came out as a wheezing gag. He coughed blood and made every attempt to remove the sword from his neck. He tried to fly away, but fell sprawling to the ground. He struggled to his feet in a state of panic; knocking over trees and shrubs, he fled into the woods.
“Follow him! And finish him!”  The remaining warriors were already chasing Netiro before Jerith could finish his order. He ran to the place where his friends lay on the ground only a few feet apart. He knew immediately that Bakuk was dead. His torso was nearly severed in half, his organs spilled onto the sand. Nehemiah was in the clutches of the dragon’s teeth for no more than a few seconds, but his wounds were severe. There was so much blood coming from so many places that Jerith couldn’t tell which was more critical. 
“Jerith…” Nehemiah weakly reached for Jerith’s arm. “Get my sword back…and give it to my son. Tell him…tell them both…that I love them, and that I did my best.” 
“You can tell them yourself. I’m going to get you home. You just hold on.” 
Nehemiah’s hoarse voice was so faint that Jerith was forced to bend down closer to hear him. “Tell Demetrius he’s in charge…of the farm. And that…I’m…proud of…him.” he spoke as though each breath exhausted him.
“Just hold on. We’re lost without you. You brought our village together; it is because of you this battle is won. You defeated the dragon. What will we do without you?”
“My time is short. Will you do the things I ask?”
“Of course I will.”  Tears welled in his eyes.
“Demetrius…he can do magic. No one else knows of his secret. He knows things…there is a lot of unlocked wisdom…in his young head. Guide him, and listen to him. He will…lead the village one…day. Our people…are in good…hands. Jerith?”
“Yes, Nehemiah. I will do as you ask. Now you just rest here a moment. I’ll go get a horse to get you back home.”
“No. Don’t forget…the promise to Yamin. Go now and finish him.”
“You want me to just leave you here? I won’t do it. Besides, others have gone after him. They are probably making jewelry out of his claws right now. Just keep still, I’ll be right back.”
Jerith ran to untie one of the horses, and led it to where his friend lay motionless.
“Alright, now. I’m going to put you on this horse and get you back home so that Ezria can fix you up again.” He scooped Nehemiah up, but it was too late. He lay dead in his arms. 
“Farewell, my good friend.” Jerith whispered. He hugged Nehemiah before he carefully laid him back on the ground. There was no time for mourning. Jerith had promises to keep. He jumped on the horse and took off. He galloped through the path of broken trees, upturned plants and bloody leaves until he heard gurgled growls and human screams. Before dismounting, he took a moment to take in the next chapter of the battle. 
Netiro’s clawed hand clutched his bleeding throat. He managed to remove the sword and was swinging it madly about with his tail. One man was obviously wounded, but still trying to fight. Another dodged Netiro’s tail and teeth, struggling to successfully land his own counterattack.
“I’ve got to get that sword before he kills someone with it.” Jerith jumped from his horse and unsheathed his sword. Netiro swung at Jerith with his tail, but the big man ducked just in time to avoid a fatal blow. 
“Alright Netiro, let’s try this again,” he muttered. He concentrated on the swinging sword. There seemed to be a rhythm to the way he moved his tail. He staggered back a few steps, then made his attack just when the dragon’s tail rushed toward him. The strike caught the end of his tail, just before the sword, sending both flying through the air. One of the giant spikes of his tail caught Jerith’s arm and ripped it open. His arm went limp and he dropped his sword. He clutched the gaping wound; blood spurted out between his fingers. He fell back against a tree gritting his teeth. 
“Enough! You will regret this day,” the dragon wheezed. He took a painstaking leap into the sky; blood splattered from his lacerated wings. He crashed into trees as he struggled to gain altitude. The remaining fighters tried to attack before he took off, but he was soon out of range and they were forced to watch him fly haphazardly out of sight. 
Jerith looked down at his arm and cursed; it wouldn’t move.
“Now what?” one of the men asked him.
“I doubt he’ll let any of us live after what we’ve done to him,” Jerith said. “He will need time to recover before he attacks. We’ll have to come up with something before then.”
He slowly turned and walked to where Nehemiah’s sword and the fragment of Netiro’s tail lay in the grass. He kicked the twitching flesh away, and then picked up the sword. He held it in his good hand; the early morning sun reflected off the tinted blade.
“We were so close.”
Chapter Five
D E M E T R I U S   V S   T H E   D R A G O N
“They’re back, they’re back!” a little boy shouted. Mothers, elders, children, wives and all those left behind burst from their homes and abandoned their chore. They flocked toward the returning heroes.
The noise stilled Ezria’s hands above the brewing pot of stew; she too, hurried to the door. She could barely see the returning men engulfed by the swarm of people. She saw the people jumping for joy and reaching for their returned men. What she did not see was the smile of her husband or the men waving their swords in victory. She wrung her hands, her eyes wandered over to her son. Seemingly, he was the only child not running and shouting for his father.
“Demetrius, aren’t you going to look for your father?” She asked.
“He’s not coming.” Demetrius slammed his farming tool to the ground and stormed back into the hut.
“I pray you are wrong.” she muttered to herself.
“Ezria,” Jerith shouted over the chatter as he approached her. “Please, will you help these two? They are severely injured.”
“Of course, Jerith, bring them in.” She helped him guide Josef into their home and lay him on the floor.
“Demetrius, get some clean water and blankets. Demetrius?” 
“Yes, Mother. I’m going.”
“Ezria,” Jerith searched for the words. “Nehemiah saved Josef’s life. He rescued Bakuk from the dragon’s claws, and he fought bravely, not showing fear for even an instant…”
Ezria couldn’t keep the tears from rolling down her cheeks, nor did she bother trying to hide them. She continued examining Josef as she cried.
“He delivered powerful, strategic attacks upon the dragon. We thought for sure he killed him, but Netiro was too strong. I am so sorry. All of Nephram will mourn his passing. He wanted me to tell you he loved you and Demetrius, and that he did his best. He wanted you to know he was proud of you both, and for me to give this to Demetrius.”
Demetrius returned with the water and blankets, and placed them on the floor next to his mother. Jerith stood and unsheathed the sword.
“You take care of the farm and take care of your mother now. Your father was very proud of you.” He handed Demetrius the sword. 
He nodded as he looked the sword over in his hand for a moment. He dropped it back into its sheath, turned and walked back into his room.
“I’m so sorry Ezria. If you need me I won’t be far.”
“Here, let me take a look at your arm.” She wiped her eyes and grabbed a clean cloth.
“It will heal.” Jerith said. Blood seeped over her hands as Ezria removed the torn strips of clothing he used as a bandage.
“You’re fortunate you didn’t bleed to death, Jerith. Here, sit down and keep pressure on it,” she handed him the cloth and placed his good hand over the wound. “I’ve got to find a way stop that bleeding. Curse that dragon!” she cleaned her hands and quickly went to her herbs. “If I can stop the bleeding and keep the infection out of it, you’ll probably be fine. I could even do something about the pain. But I don’t know if you’ll ever be able to use that arm again, Jerith.”
She worked quickly, despite the tears and shaking hands, to create a paste for Jerith and Josef. She suddenly stopped and dropped her mortar. 
“Did Bakuk make it?” 
Jerith slowly shook his head.
“Oh, poor Sara,” she shook her head and buried her face in her hands. “And all those children. What will she do?”
“Bakuk called us all Brother and Sister. We won’t let our little nieces and nephews go hungry, Ezria,” he reassured her, still clutching his arm. 
“You’re right, Jerith. We’ll take care of each other,” she nodded and gathered her composure. “We always do.”
While she tended to Josef and the others, Demetrius stayed in his room. 
As the day went on, more men were brought into Ezria’s home. Sara worked by her side to make sure the many injuries were taken care of. More women came to make medicine under Ezria’s direction. They cleaned utensils and cloths or prepared food; anything they could do to help their husbands, brothers and sons. The children brought fresh water and picked herbs for the medicine. The able bodied men worked to bury the deceased. The elders and holy men offered prayers and comfort to heart-broken families. Nephram was long accustomed to hard times and, as Jerith promised, they took care of one another.
As the sun ducked behind the western mountains, a gargled roar echoed over the village.
“You think you have won?” the dragon’s voice was little more than a hiss as he flew over the village. “You send your strongest to defeat me in my sleep like cowards, yet here I am! I am weakened true, but know this; you shall pay for your arrogance and foolishness.”
For the first time since the news of his father’s death, Demetrius went outside to hear the dragon’s rants.
“It is far from over humans. But remember, you brought this on yourselves.” Netiro swooped to fill his jaws with a horse from the field. The horse died before it realized it was attacked, and was swallowed in two massive chomps. 
Jerith glared at Netiro as the dragon turned, licking his lips, to fly away.
“We were so close.”
“Mother, I promise you I will return.” Demetrius looked up into her eyes and squeezed her arm. She cocked her head, puzzled. Before she could ask what he meant, he released her and grabbed his fathers’ sword. He jumped onto a mule and took off after Netiro before she could stop him.
“Demetrius! No!” Ezria ran after her son, but she was no match for the mule. 
Demetrius ignored his mother’s pleas. He kicked the mule harder, urging it to run faster. When he realized he’d never catch up to Netiro, he decided to bring the dragon to him.
“Fall, fall, fall, fall.” Demetrius chanted. He gripped the mule with one hand and out-stretched the other. 
Jerith ran after Demetrius as well. He caught up with Ezria, grabbed her and held her tightly.
“No! Let me go!” she screamed and struggled against his grasp.
“You cannot go after him Ezria.” Jerith held her tightly.
Netiro’s body suddenly felt as though made of stone; his wings rigid, unable to move. He plummeted from the sky like a falling star. Shock waves rumbled across the land, uprooting plants, sending dust swirling in the air, and causing the galloping mule to tumble to the ground.
Villagers stumbled out of hiding to see what had caused the thunderous vibrations. Demetrius ran toward the fallen dragon, sword in hand. The villagers picked up any tools and weapons they could find and ran to where another battle was about to take place.
“Magic? Now you think you can defeat me? A child?” He roared and blew fire at Demetrius. The effort caused a huge gush of blood to spew from the wound in his neck.
“No.” The boy calmly put up his hand.
An invisible wall stood between the weakened blaze and Demetrius’ small body. Netiro, stunned by the boy’s ability, tried to recall the last time he encountered anyone who possessed magic. His shocked expression quickly returned to the familiar face of hateful, menacing rage.  Netiro, aware of his critical injury, realized he was in a very precarious position.  However, he lived long enough to know not to ever give up.  He gathered what strength he could muster, and glared his remaining good eye at Demetrius.
“So you know a few magic tricks. I will destroy you like all those before you who were foolish enough to oppose me.”
Jerith struggled to keep his hold on the boy’s hysterical mother with his one good arm. 
“Ezria, wait. Did you see that? He stopped the dragon’s fire!”
“I have to save Demetrius!” she screamed. “Let me go!”
Demetrius closed his eyes and waved his outstretched arms before him.
“Help me,” he whispered. And with that plea; every rock, stick, stone and pebble lifted from the ground. He swung his arms to point at Netiro and the earthen debris followed, pelting the dragon with the force of a typhoon. Netiro tried to fight off the attack, but with very little effect. The villagers watched in awe as the beast began to sink below the ground. Netiro squinted up through his one dirt-filled eye and realized that this young boy had commanded the earth to swallow him. To struggle was useless. As Netiro sank, vines came to life and entwined him. Within moments, he was tightly bound, and up to his wings in mud. He snorted and made a weak effort to blow fire on Demetrius. The boy stepped forward, folded his arms across his chest, and stood over the helpless bleeding dragon. 
Cheering and applauding, the villagers ran to Demetrius. Still apprehensive, most kept their distance from the dragon. Ezria broke free from Jerith, and raced to her son. She grabbed him and hugged him tightly. 
“Don’t be afraid, he can’t hurt you anymore,” he calmly said to her.
“Demetrius, I was so afraid for you! I don’t know what I would do if I lost you, too!” Ezria sobbed with relief. 
“Don’t worry Mother, I understand now.”
“Understand what?” she asked puzzled. 
“Everything.”
“Now what?” an elderly man asked.
“I know what!” Elijah picked up a stick and began beating Netiro with it. Others excitedly joined in with rocks, stones, daggers; anything they could find. They were ecstatic to finally have an opportunity to reap revenge on this creature that tormented their village for more years than anyone even knew. The women cried as they beat the dragon with their sticks. For many, this beast was the reason they became widows last night. Netiro growled and hissed helplessly, as he was once again plummeted by an assortment of weapons. There was not one scale on his body that wasn’t bleeding. Even the children came forward to kick him and curse at him. Just like Demetrius, many of them lost their fathers during the battle. 
Demetrius stood back and watched for a few moments. He thought it was only fair to allow these people to have their revenge on Netiro. But he didn’t want him killed.
“Enough!” he shouted. “Step back! All of you!”
Gradually the people fell back. Yamin slowly pushed his way through the crowd. He said nothing, but walked right up to Netiro and sliced three claws from one of his mud-crusted wings. The dragon screeched through clenched teeth and struggled in vain to pull free. Demetrius approached the dragon, weaving through the parting crowd to stand next to Yamin.
“What are you doing Demetrius?” Jerith took his arm to hold him back. He stopped and they exchanged looks for a brief moment. 
“I know what I am doing. Just stand back, please.” Jerith slowly nodded and released his hold on the boy’s arm.
“Now, how do you like it?” Demetrius glared down at the dragon. Netiro returned his hateful stare. 
“How do you like being attacked while you’re defenseless? You’ve killed our families, taken our food, our freedom, destroyed our homes, and made us live in fear! I, we, have every right to kill you!” He unsheathed his father’s sword. He held it high above his head to make sure that the dragon and all the villagers saw it. Then he lowered the sword, his eyes fixed on the stains of blood.
“Look familiar? My father nearly killed you with this, just this morning. I can finish the job. I can take my time and make you suffer, or I can do it quickly and be through with you once and for all. But the only way to teach compassion is to show it. Here’s what I am going to do. I will free you, but…”
He heard mumbles and moans of disbelief from the crowd behind him. He ignored them and continued.
“…But you must leave here and never return. You will not just move on to another helpless village, you will hunt for your own food. You will not harm or torment people in any way. If you do, I will know, and I will come after you. I will hunt you down and kill you. Do not doubt me, Dragon.”
Netiro stared up at the boy. He couldn’t believe he was going to set him free. He thought surely he’d be killed right here in this mud. With a single wave of his father’s sword, Demetrius released the vines that bound the dragon.
“No!” The people screamed and scattered in terror.
Demetrius kept his eyes on the dragon, ready to make a fast kill if necessary. Netiro struggled to free himself from the thick mud that covered his wings and body. Once free, he glowered at the fleeing crowd. Then his eye finally met Demetrius. 
“Everyone deserves a second chance, Dragon. I spared your life this time. If there is a next time, I won’t be so merciful. GO! FLY AWAY NOW!”
Netiro flapped his encrusted wings and, to his surprise, the mud seemed to just melt away. He gave one last hateful glance at Demetrius before taking flight, disappearing in a billow of smoke. 
“Is he gone?” 
“Is it really over?” 
“I can’t believe it.” 
Demetrius turned to villagers. They slowly emerged from their hiding places, watching the skies. 
“He won’t be back. I promise.”
Jerith was the first to come forward. He hugged the boy roughly. 
“That’s my boy! You did the right thing!” He slapped him hard on the back, the same way Demetrius seen him do to his father a hundred times. Demetrius winced at the sting. That was something he’d have to get used to he figured, now that he was the man of his family. He turned to his mother and gave her a big hug. She was crying, just as he knew she would be.
“Demetrius, I am so proud of you. I’m sorry I ever doubted you. If only I listened to you earlier, perhaps your father…”
“No, Mother. You couldn’t have known. All is as it should be.”
Chapter Six
A L E X A N D E R
Eventually, life in the village of Nephram returned to a state of normalcy that was unfamiliar to them all. Homes were rebuilt; the wounded were healed. Gone were the anxious mumblings of a curse, while proud voices rose to speak of heroism. The stillness of night was no longer shattered by ominous roars echoing over the hills. Even the shadow of a large bird failed to evoke fear. For the first time in hundreds of years, there was peace in Nephram. 
Demetrius, now the man of his home and hero to the village, welcomed his new responsibilities as a way to honor his father. He must provide more food than could be gathered from the few crops that survived Netiro’s final assault. Into the wilderness he went every day in an attempt to hunt and gather food. Though he accompanied his father many times before, he simply was not the sportsman his father had been. 
Initially, he thought to use his magic to hunt. Once he found suitable game, he could simply tell it to come closer and it did. That was the easy part. He immediately realized he didn’t know how to kill anything with magic, aside from burning it to death. Fire would only destroy the creature and waste the meat, which seemed not only cruel, but caused more destruction than it was worth. Next, he tried using his magic to lure them close enough to strike with his sword. This too, proved futile. Before they stepped within striking range, Demetrius could not maintain control of the luring spell while concentrating on the death strike simultaneously.  The instant Demetrius’ spell faltered, their radar for danger sent them hurtling off in a blur. A few times, he talked an animal into coming so close that he was able to stab it. On several of these occasions however, he was either unable to keep hold of the thrashing creature, or failed to hit a vital organ before it escaped. He’d spend the rest of the morning following its trail of blood—sometimes for hours—while it died a slow and miserable death. 
Without a teacher, learning magic was more time consuming than he would’ve liked. Eventually he learned he could immobilize an animal or object indefinitely. That was the way to hunt. With a simple wave of his hand, his prey was pinned in place: an easy target for his bow or knife. 
Armed with his father’s bow, he waited behind fronds of leaves for his next shot. The deer grazed no more than a hundred steps away, oblivious to Demetrius. He lifted his hand and whispered his incantation. The deer halted; so perfectly motionless one would think it a statue. He emerged from his hiding spot and readied his bow. He figured it was good to practice all of his skills, not just magic. He took aim, focusing his eyes along the shaft of the arrow and across the distance between its point and the deer’s heart. As his breath came in, steady and deep, so came the realization that he too, was being watched.
In his peripheral vision, he spotted two sharp blue eyes glowing in the bushes, directed at him. He’d never seen such a creature. He turned and squinted his eyes in an effort to focus clear enough to see the creature better. It appeared to be a predator. It’s face resembled the wild dogs that roamed the desert, but poorly suited for the heat. Its fur was thick, with black and white patches on its face. If it was anything like the wild dogs, it was not alone; they always hunted in packs. He tuned his ears for sounds of other dogs; there was nothing. Confident it was a rogue of some sort, he did not perceive the animal to be a threat, but he could not have it ruining his hunt either. 
Demetrius lowered his bow and with a wave of his hand, he cast his spell, then returned his attention to the deer. The dog moved out from its cover into plain view. Demetrius’ eyes grew wide. How had this creature escaped his spell? The dog sat down a few feet away, watching him.
“There’s no thrill in the hunt that way,” it said in a deep voice, thick with an unfamiliar accent.
Demetrius was shocked, frozen in place, staring at the animal. Was it his imagination? Or had the animal actually spoken to him? No, it couldn’t have.  Animals didn’t talk, at least not to humans, and certainly not in sentences. The most he ever heard from an animal was maybe a single word repeated, or broken fragments expressing an emotion. But such eloquence, from a dog? 
“The deer hardly had a chance.” the dog scoffed and scratched his ear. “Considering how close you managed to get, I imagine you employed magic to improve your stealth, and you obviously used a spell to bind the deer in its spot before it even knew you were there. Impressive use of magic for one so young and without a teacher.  Unimpressive for a hunter.”
Demetrius squinted at the dog suspiciously. 
“It’s not the thrill I’m interested in; it’s the feast,” he said. He let the arrow fly, intentionally missing his mark. With a sweep of his palm, Demetrius forced the arrow to abruptly change course and guided it directly into the deer’s heart. He released it from the spell and it collapsed dead on the ground.
“Also impressive, but that is the problem with humans. You are arrogant and impatient. Always wanting, but not respecting the process; the journey.”
“Do you know the problem with dogs?” Demetrius asked, putting his bow away with a smirk. The dog raised an eyebrow. 
“Fleas,” Demetrius answered with as straight a face as he could muster.
The dog laughed. 
“We are going to become good friends, you and I, young Demetrius.” 
“How do you know my name?”
“There are many things I know, and all of it I wish to teach you.”
“I knew a teacher would come. Forgive me, but you’re not what I expected.”
“You will soon learn that is often the case.” the dog said with a chuckle. “Things are not always as they appear, young Demetrius. You see, I am no ordinary wolf, as you are no ordinary boy. I have traveled the world over to find you.”
“Why?”
“Because I know who you are and what you are to become. My name is Alexander.”

PART II


T H E   S A N D S   O F   T I M E
As the wind blows, the sands of time are swept through the air as if alive with a destination all their own. We leave Nephram for now and whisk forward thousands of years and almost as many miles. 
In the desert heat, I listened to the cries of pain and suffering of the Hebrew slaves with the Egyptians standing over them with whips. I saw the Red Sea open to welcome the Hebrews toward freedom and the wave’s crash down upon the pursuing Egyptians. 
I watched as a group of men rolled a giant, beautifully constructed wooden horse, with warriors hidden within towards the wall of an unsuspecting city—quite ingenious really. 
I’ve watched giant walls stretching for miles on end being built. I’ve seen new religions being born, with them new temples, mosques, pagodas and shrines; of course with each of those new religions came new wars, new persecutions. 
I watched men, women and children stubborn in their beliefs put to death in coliseums for the entertainment of royalty. 
Then there were the fanatic cults so determined in their goals they were willing to destroy anything that stood in their way. 
I watched an interesting series of events that plagued one village in particular. Two brothers, along with their friends took their sons fishing. It was a perfect day I suppose. One of the boys was a bit young, but even the youngsters have to learn to hunt and gather. Unexpectedly, the line jerked. With excitement, the boy tightened his grip on the rod; the others cheered as he battled the fish. Eventually the line snapped, the boy fell backward, and the men cursed. Then, they noticed the waters churn.
The group fell silent. Perplexed, they stood on the river’s edge and studied the waves. The water steamed and bubbled as though it were over a flame. From the depths, a wall of water shot up and thrust itself onto the fishermen dragging them all into the boiling abyss.
As the fishermen met their demise, I watched as a young girl screamed. Her brother never saw the camels charge. They knocked him to the ground in their frenzy. He tried to shield his body from the oblivious hooves of the stampeding animals, but was overcome. The terrified camels battered his limp body as they frantically sought escape from their pen. Ignoring the fear of succumbing to the same fate as her brother, she leapt from the fence and ran towards his body. The earth trembled beneath her. She skidded to a halt, lurching from the tremors. The camels jostled and rammed the fence until they burst through. They wailed and scattered through the village trampling and falling over anything in their way. She’d never seen such behavior before. The ground shook again, throwing her down. She looked to her brother; he lay motionless.
Go to my brother, or run to get help? the girl wondered. Her thoughts were snatched from her mind and replaced by survival instincts. The ground trembled again and she found herself scrambling to keep from being swallowed beneath the earth. She clawed the ground trying to pull herself free, but the more she struggled, the more the sand poured onto her. As it rose to her neck, she could hear nearby screams. She thought the screams were for her. She thought someone was coming to save her.
The blacksmith’s rhythmic hammering of steel was a familiar sound to all the villagers. What wasn’t so familiar were the screams of agony that escaped the smithy. The same screams that the girl thought to be of her rescuer. Just as he issued his final blow to the hot steel, fire erupted from the forge and came to life with a vengeance. The smithy hurled backward flailing his arms in a desperate attempt to extinguish the flames consuming his body.
A merchant and his wife were walking by when they heard the screams; both ran to the aid of the blacksmith. Like a powerful invisible hand, the wind snatched them up. High into the air they tumbled until as suddenly as they were plucked, they were released and plummeted back down to the earth.
Meanwhile, in a modest hut at the northern edge of the village, a woman prepared a meal for herself and her only son. The boy enjoyed helping her in the kitchen because she usually sang while she cooked. Lately, she stopped singing. He knew she was sad; she had been sad for a long time. He just hoped the sadness hadn’t stolen her beautiful voice forever. He continued to keep her company. Perhaps, he thought, his presence might soon encourage her to sing again.
Suddenly, thunderous booms followed by piercing screams interrupted their silence. The hut trembled; the ceiling groaned. She barely had time to grab her son before the ceiling caved in on top of them.
The blacksmith’s shop burned; the earth trembled and swallowed man, woman, child and beast. Fires erupted throughout the village. Trees uprooted and slammed into homes and shops alike, demolishing them on impact. From clear blue skies came bolts of lightning seeming to target only the most occupied areas. What didn’t fall victim to the bowels of the earth, or the raging fires, the wind ravaged. Nothing was left untouched.
I stand as witness to all these things and more. So much destruction, so much strife and persecution over the centuries. I watched it all. Silently observing as humankind destroyed and rebuilt itself over and over again. I witnessed countless deaths for the glory of doomed civilizations; empire after empire, dynasty after dynasty. The Persians, the Greeks, the Romans, the Huns, the Mongols, the Vikings, the Muslims, the Catholics. Brother leading armies against brother; father against son, crusade after crusade, war after war. Fighting and killing for possession of a land that belonged to no one. Fighting, ostracizing, and unrelenting destruction for a mere adornment to sit upon one’s head. 
And to think, they called me evil.
Chapter Seven
T A H I R
“Hello?” he called. “Can anyone hear me?”
His was the only voice heard over the soft crackle of flames. His blue eyes squinted into the black smoke snaking through the small village. He hopped through the window. The roof was caved in; rubble blocked the doorway. The stench of death was strong to his sensitive nose, and filled his mouth. He spit to get rid of the repulsive taste, but found little relief. Begrudgingly, he rifled through the scattered debris.
Home after home, it was the same; corpses picked over by scavengers. Some burned nearly to ash, most already rotting from the desert heat. The sun was fading, and so were his chances of finding any survivors.
He rubbed his chest; the burning sensation was returning. He ignored the discomfort and the squawking of vultures, and tuned his ears for any sounds of human life. It was barely audible, but it was there. The raspy, labored breathing of a survivor. He tossed pieces of fallen roof with a bit more zeal.
“Have hope! I am coming!” He dug deeper into the rubble, following the source of the sound. The debris moved ever so slightly; the ragged breathing came louder. With one final heave he uncovered two bodies, a small boy with a woman draped across his chest. Shards from the roof pierced her back. The blood was dry. The man squatted down and touched her face. Despite the heat, her skin was cool and stiff. The boy struggled to breathe under her weight. The man carefully lifted the woman and took the boy’s hand. The child gratefully clung to his rescuer.
“You are safe now,” the man said, patting the boy’s back.
Between coughs and sobs, the boy nodded his acknowledgement. He wasn’t sure if the man was speaking another language or if his head was too confused to understand. It didn’t matter; he welcomed the embrace as he cried.
“Come now,” the man said, kicking debris out of the way. “Let us go outside to talk.”
“What about my mother? You have to help her, too,” the boy said through tears, pulling the man’s hand.
“I am terribly sorry child. It is too late for her.”
The boy looked back at his mother lying amid the destruction. The fine fabric of her once golden shayla was torn and stained with blood. Her soft, black hair, usually tucked under her shayla, was light brown from the dust and matted to her head. Her clothes were always clean and she often scolded him for not keeping himself well kept. Now she was dirty; her clothes were torn. She wouldn’t stand to be seen like this, especially by a stranger. Tears welled up in his eyes. He clung to the hope that she was only hurt, injured from the collapsing roof, that maybe someone would come to help and she would be all right. She had long stopped moving; he felt the cold seeping into her body as he lay helpless beneath her. She was dead. He cried and turned his face away from death. 
“Come,” the man repeated, leading the boy away.
The boy jerked free and knelt beside his mother. His hands trembled as he brushed the sand from her hair and straightened her robes as he knew she would have liked them. He didn’t know what else he could do; he just rocked and cried. The man allowed him a few moments more to mourn before placing his hand on the small shoulder. The boy wiped his face and hushed his sobbing as best he could, then allowed the man to lead him out of the house through the window.
The boy stared wide-eyed at the destruction, the air stolen from his body.
“I cannot explain what happened here. I arrived only a short while ago.” The man’s words still seemed jumbled, but became clearer as he spoke. “I do not believe there are any more survivors.” 
“I don’t understand. I thought it was just our house that, that…How did this happen?”
“I am not certain. Let us sit over here,” he led the boy to a fallen date palm by the river.
The boy collapsed onto the log. It was bad enough that his mother died saving his life, and that his home was destroyed. But to find his entire village, all of his friends, everything he’d known; gone, wiped out; it was far too much for him to bear. He didn’t want to see any more; he didn’t want to hear any more. He wanted to run. Run as fast as he could to get away from there.
“What is your name, Boy?”
“Tahir. Tahir al-Din.” he wiped the tears from his face.
“How old are you?”
“Nine.”
“Tahir, I am a traveler.  A lone traveler. But for now I will make an exception. You will come with me. There is a village but a day or two’s travel from here. I know a family there. They have a son about your age. Surely they will take you in. I think you would find it quite acceptable.”
“I don’t want another family, and I don’t want to travel with you.”
“You have a better plan? You cannot stay here all alone.” The man raised an eyebrow and cocked his head.
“I’m going to England and become a great warrior.” Tahir’s jaw and fists clenched. 
“What makes you think you can become a great warrior?” the man scoffed. “You are but a child.”
“It’s my destiny. My father said so. He said the best were trained in England. We were even planning on going together one day.” Tahir stood up, determined not to let this man stop him. He puffed his chest out and looked into the man’s cold blue eyes. The man stared right back. It was as though the man could see through him and see his every thought. Tahir didn’t break his gaze. He wasn’t afraid. He was going to go to England and he was going to become a great warrior.
“Tahir, I know this is very hard for you right now. I am sure your father was a very sensible man. I do not believe he intended for you to travel to England all by yourself, especially at such a young age.”
“Yes he did!” Tahir insisted. “We talked about it all the time. But then he got sick. He said I would have to go without him and that I would know the right time to leave. He even told me how to get there. He made me memorize the directions before he died and he told me not to forget my destiny. He made me promise.”
“Have you any idea how far England is from here? Look around you. All of your camels are gone; there are no horses. It is going to be a very long journey. For now, we should find a nice family that you can stay with. In a few years, you will be older and more prepared for the journey.”
Tahir shook his head at the stranger’s proposal. “No, I think I'll leave now. I can take care of myself.”
“I am not going to force you to do anything. I must insist however, that we stay here tonight and get some rest. We can talk more about this in the morning. Perhaps we will be able to come to an agreement.”
Tahir looked at the scraps of what was once a peaceful village. The sadness overcame him again. Tears welled up in his eyes, but he fought to keep them back. He didn’t want this stranger to think of him as weak. He needed to show strength and courage if he were to convince this man that he was able to take care of himself.
“I don’t want to stay here, but there’s a place just outside of the village where my mother used to let me set up camp with some of my friends.”
“Very well. Let me look at you. Are you injured?”
“I don’t think so.” Tahir replied.
The man examined his extremities. He patted down the boy’s chest looking for wounds or bruises. The boy seemed to have escaped his home’s collapse unscathed.
“Indeed.” The man’s hand paused over a bulge in the boy’s shirt, and his eyebrow rose again. He used one finger to trace the boy’s neck, and lifted a chain bearing a tarnished talisman. “Interesting,” the man said as he inspected its markings.
“My father gave it to me.” Tahir snatched the talisman and quickly tucked it back into his tunic. 
“You would be wise to keep it hidden. I have no intention of stealing it,” the man half smiled. “There are many who would not be so honest.”
Tahir nodded.
“Come, lead me to your campsite.”
Tahir led him to a clearing along the river. As promised, it was a nice spot to make a camp.
“Very good. Gather wood for a fire. There may be some things of use to both of us back in your village. Would you mind if I helped myself?”
“Why should I mind? There’s no one left to use anything anyway.”
“Is there something of personal value you would like me to retrieve for you?”
“No, I don’t think so. I don’t know.” Tahir sat with his head in his hands. He wasn’t able to think clearly right now.
“Start on the fire. I shall return.”
Tahir hugged his knees up to his chest and rested his head in his arms. He couldn’t hold back the tears. He felt his sadness would go on forever. Everything, everyone was gone. All he had left was his destiny and a promise–one in which this stranger was trying to keep him from. 
Tahir wiped his face. He would make it to England. He would become a great warrior and he would make his parents proud. It might require an escape from this man to do it, but he would do it. Tahir quickly gathered dry bark, sticks, anything that could be used as kindling. He tried to concentrate on his task; if his mind was busy, perhaps he could keep himself from crying. He had to be strong. 
He worked diligently, meticulously organizing the kindling. Though he tried to think only of what needed to be done, the tears kept coming. He wiped his eyes again and softly blew the small flame. He sat with his knees pulled against his chest and watched his small fire dance. He used to like watching fire, but now, he saw it as a miniature reenactment of his village’s destruction. The fire consumed the small sticks, just as the earlier fires consumed his neighbor’s homes. He surrendered to his feelings and cried again. 
“After this night I will not cry again,” he vowed. “I will be brave and strong. I will fulfill my destiny just like my father said I would.” Tahir lay down on the sand and cried himself to sleep. 
The sun had barely risen and the air was still cool when Tahir awoke to the sound of the man snoring. He sat up and rubbed his eyes. A blanket was draped over him, presumably by the man. It wasn’t his blanket; it smelled funny. He looked around the camp. A stuffed pack sat nearby. There were also weapons; everything he needed to become a warrior. He could simply leave and avoid another confrontation with this man. If he distanced himself enough before the man woke up, the stranger would never be able to find him.
He stood slowly, afraid to breathe for fear of waking the man.  He carefully tiptoed around the camp gathering everything he could carry. He would examine it later; for now he needed to grab it and get away. 
The stranger opened one eye and watched Tahir folding the blanket into the pack. He found it humorous how slowly the boy moved, nearly losing his balance as he picked up the sword. It was too big for him, but it was well crafted; one day the boy would want it.
Tahir almost felt like he was stealing, but he decided he was more entitled to these things than this stranger. Besides, this man could always go back and gather more. Whereas Tahir could not bear the thought of returning to the village. Equipped with all he thought a young warrior might need, he snuck away. 
Tahir needed to focus on walking. Every step took him farther from the destruction and closer to his destiny. He just had to keep going. The sun was hot, but that wasn’t going to stop him. The wind incessantly blew sand in his face; he shielded his eyes and mouth and kept walking. His weapons and pack were awkward and he kept dropping them, but he repositioned them and continued on. His water skin was getting low, but that wasn’t going to stop him. He scooped up a rock from the path and chucked it as far as he could.
“You’re not going to stop me either!” he yelled at the rock.
It was almost exciting thinking of all the things that wouldn’t stop him from becoming a warrior. His legs were getting tired, the pack was getting heavy, insects nibbled at him, and he needed to pee; but none of that was going to stop him. Maybe he should stop to pee, he thought. But after that, nothing was going to stop him.
After a short break, Tahir was on his way again, throwing rocks as he went. He wasn’t walking long before he noticed a small fennec fox not too far away. He watched the small animal pounce on an insect. Although common in the desert, he’d never seen one during the middle of the day. The fennec’s ears stood out like fans as it watched Tahir watching him. It cocked its head, holding a locust in its mouth. With a couple snaps of his jaws the insect disappeared down its throat. Tahir walked backwards, still watching the fox as he went; it seemed interested in watching him too. Maybe it could be his friend. It was cute. He smiled at the thought of having a little friend. Maybe it would follow him all the way to England. The fennec trotted along, zigzagging in the sand looking for more insects. It was obviously unafraid of Tahir, and at times ventured surprisingly close. Tahir tried to think of a good name for his new friend. 
“I will call you Farid. Farid the Fennec.”
Farid stopped his hunt and stared up at him with blue eyes when he heard the boy’s voice. Tahir knelt in the sand and reached into his pack to find some fruit. He bit off a small piece and tossed it to his little friend.
“Do you like ginger fruit, Farid?” he asked, taking a big bite of the juicy fruit for himself Farid’s head darted back and forth from Tahir to the piece of fruit. 
“It’s ok, I won’t hurt you,” he bit off another piece and threw it toward the fennec. “Come on, try it. It’s good.” As though he understood, the fennec trotted over to the fruit and gobbled it up. Tahir smiled as he ate, occasionally tossing pieces of fruit on the ground. Soon, he was continuing his journey with a new friend. 
For most of the day Farid trotted along with Tahir, occasionally stopping to investigate whatever scents his little nose picked up, or running ahead to chase an insect. Either way, the fennec never seemed to stray far from Tahir’s line of sight. At times, Tahir wasn’t sure if Farid was following him or if he was following Farid. He wondered where the little fennec was going; maybe he was on an adventure too. 
They continued on, taking few breaks. The stranger hadn’t packed much food; the supply was already low. Despite walking along the river, he found few opportunities to replenish it. He was getting hungry, but had to make it last.
Farid trotted ahead of him, veering away from the river. It was Tahir’s plan to follow the river as long as he could, that way he would be certain to have water. Now, Farid was clearly moving in another direction. He didn’t want to lose his new friend.
“Farid! Come back!”
The fennec continued on its way. Tahir considered his options: stray from the security of his water source, or lose his only companion. He could always find his way back to the river. Farid probably knew of other water sources. He quickly filled water into his skin and ran after the fennec before it disappeared behind a dune. 
Farid didn’t appear to be startled by the boy chasing after him. He just kept going about his business sniffing around.
“Where are we going, Farid?” Tahir asked, not expecting an answer. “Do you live this way?”
Tahir shielded his eyes and looked all around. He’d never been this far from home before. It seemed he was still going toward England. The river wasn’t too far away; his little detour didn’t seem so problematic. He continued walking and talking to Farid the whole time, toward where he figured was his little friend’s home.
He squinted to see as far as he could. There seemed to be an image rising on the horizon. Perhaps a village? An oasis? Maybe his eyes were just tricking him. It was impossible to tell from this distance. His stomach rumbled. If it were an oasis, he may be able to find some fruit. He jogged past Farid toward the mysterious shadow.
As he got closer the oasis took shape. It was big, with lots of trees; dates, ginger fruit, and baobab. Tahir’s mouth watered and he ran faster. Tahir dropped his pack and weapons at the base of a date tree, shimmied up and snatched a bunch of the sweet fruit.
“It’s real, Farid!” The fennec didn’t seem as interested in the fruit as it was in the pool of clear water. Tahir dropped down from the tree with an armful of dates and chased after the fennec.
“You have a wonderful home, Farid!” Tahir said as he stuffed his mouth. “If you don’t mind, I think I'll stay right here for the night.”
When Tahir had his fill of fruit and water, he looked through his pack to see what the stranger filled it with. There was a knife, the smelly blanket, bread—which he took a few bites of, clothes that were too big, and some jewelry. The stranger must’ve planned on selling it. He shook his head as he examined each piece. Maybe he could sell it to buy a camel or hire a caravan to take him to England. He had no idea how much each was worth. His hand froze as he picked up a familiar piece. It was his mother’s ring. The one his father had given her that she never took off. That man must have taken it off her finger. How dare he steal his mother’s ring! 
Tahir’s fists clenched and he felt his face getting hot. He tried the ring on each finger until he found one that it fit.  He shoved the rest of the jewelry back into the pack, flung the stupid, stinky blanket to the ground and lay down. Farid rummaged in the foliage but Tahir lost interest in the fennec’s activities. There were too many emotions all trying to surface at once. He just wanted to calm himself. He should be grateful to that man for rescuing him. He just didn’t see why he had to steal his mother’s ring.
Tahir was in that place between asleep and awake when he heard a noise. He remained still, wondering if it were real or part of a dream. A moment later he heard it again: a rustling sound. Now he was convinced it was not something carried over from his dreams. Farid was nowhere to be seen. It wasn’t completely dark yet, so whatever was making the noise could see him. His heart thumped in his ears; he remained wide-eyed and motionless. He heard it again. It was behind him, louder. Suddenly his bow flew over his head and crashed into the sand.
Tahir scrambled to his feet and snatched up his knife. He stood at the ready, searching for the culprit. But no one was there. He looked at the tree where his bow had been propped, then at the ground where it now lay.
“Farid?” he called out into the twilight. He stood listening for the rustling of footsteps. Tahir cautiously stepped backward to retrieve his bow, focusing his attention on where he last heard the rustling noise.
Despite the fact that his bow was thrown by an invisible hand, Tahir felt somewhat foolish. He sat down, keeping his knife and bow close at hand. He didn’t think he imagined the experience; but he must’ve. Maybe Farid did it somehow. He didn’t see him anywhere, but fennecs are night creatures and he’s small. Maybe he was chasing a snake and crashed into it and sent it flying and kept running. That made sense; it was possible. 
“Farid?” Tahir called again. He’d feel a lot better if he knew where the fennec was. Tahir hoped his friend would return in the morning. He lay on his back and watched the curtain of darkness close upon his lonely world.
After a while, Tahir grew restless. He couldn’t sleep, partly because he was afraid of what happened earlier, and partly because he was feeling sorry for himself. He decided to make a fire. It wasn’t long before he managed some glowing embers. He added a few twigs and softly blew into it. Rather than the fire growing, it went completely out. He knew he hadn’t blown that hard. There was no wind to speak of. Tahir was dumbfounded. 
Once again, he worked on his fire. As soon as a flame emerged, Tahir cupped his hands around it. He blew even softer this time to oxygenate the sparks.  But as soon as he achieved fire, the flame suddenly went out. This time however, Tahir definitely heard a whooshing sound. He jumped to his feet and looked around.
“Hello?” he frantically wielded his knife and spun around. He heard the rustling of footsteps again.
“Who’s there?” he turned in the direction of the sounds. His eyes nearly bulged out of his head as he strained to see in the dark. There was nothing but the sound of retreating footsteps and what he thought might have been snickering. He clutched his knife with both hands, twisting and turning this way and that to see if anything was sneaking around behind him. Several minutes passed. He swallowed hard and sat down with his back to a palm tree. He stared into the night still clutching his knife. Hours passed without incident. He fought sleep as long as he could, but eventually nodded off.
Chapter Eight
O R A D E N
The rising sun ended his haunted night. Although Tahir hardly slept, he was glad to see morning. He eagerly packed his belongings and set out looking for Farid. He was fairly convinced that whatever spirits haunted him at night were gone during the day. Still, he wanted to find his friend and get as far away from the oasis as possible before dark. Tahir was cramming fruit in his pack when he heard stomping. He pulled out his knife and crept through the foliage. He peered around a stand of shrubs and saw the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. 
It had the shape of a horse but was smaller. Its silky coat glistened black. Its mane and tail fell long and full, tufts of fur hung from its ankles to hide the tops of its cloven hooves. The most interesting part though, was the long, iridescent black horn protruding from its forehead. He watched in awe as the horned horse stood on its hind legs and jumped. The small horse was trying to reach the fruit, but it was just out of it’s reach. Then it turned and kicked the tree with its hind legs; despite it’s efforts, no fruit fell. Tahir could almost see the frustration on the animal’s face. 
“Wow, a horsy with a horn.” 
The creature startled. It froze and stared at Tahir, its ears and tail erect. Its muscles tensed, ready to bound away at the first indication of danger.
“It’s okay, I won’t hurt you.” Tahir slowly held his hands up and stepped away from the shrubbery. He smiled and gently placed his belongings on the ground, never taking his eyes away from the mysterious creature. He slowly approached the scarred ginger fruit tree.
“Watch. I can help you, don’t run away.” Tahir hugged the tree and scooted up the trunk to the succulent fruit. The creature watched the boy from the ground.
“Here’s some fruit for you.” Tahir said as he stuffed several pieces of fruit into his tunic. Within a few moments, he was sliding back down the tree with enough fruit for them both. As he dropped down onto the ground some of the fruit fell out of his shirt and rolled onto the sand. 
“Come on, I won’t hurt you.” Tahir extended the reddish-orange fruit outward. The creature nervously looked around before taking a couple of steps forward.
“That’s it. Come on, get the fruit.”
The colt hesitantly accepted the treat from the boy’s hand.
“That’s it, you’re safe with me. I wouldn’t hurt you.” Tahir petted the animal as it ate. Its coat was smooth, like the finely-woven fabric his father sold to wealthy people in faraway lands. He smiled as he ran his fingers through its thick mane. It finished the fruit in his hand, ignoring the white nut in the center, then lowered his head to eat the pieces that had fallen. Tahir sat down on the ground next to him and together, they ate fruit for breakfast. 
“I’m on my way to England where I’m going to become a great warrior,” he explained. “It’s really far from here and it'll probably be dangerous, but I’m ready. My father said it was my destiny. He said I’d know when it was time. I didn’t really think I’d be leaving so soon, but…someone or something destroyed my village.”
“Why would anyone do that?” the creature interrupted.
“I don’t know. The man who saved me didn’t…Wait!” Tahir scrambled to his feet. “You can talk?”
“Of course I can talk,” it answered.
“Why didn’t you say something before?”
“You never stopped talking long enough.”
“Wow! A talking horse with a horn.”
“I’m not a horse,” he said.
“Oh, sorry. Well, what are you?”
“I’m a unicorn,” it said, holding his head up proudly. “My name is Oraden. What’s yours?”
“Tahir.”
“Is that why you’re all by yourself, Tahir? No one else survived?”
“Yeah. It’s just me,” Tahir said, trying to hide the sadness in his voice. “I don’t mind; it was time for me to start my journey anyway. I have everything I need.” he unsheathed the sword on his back.
“Looks pretty impressive,” Oraden said, inspecting the shiny length of metal. “So what do warriors do?”
“They fight bad people and go on adventures.” Tahir slashed his sword around to demonstrate how he would fight off adversaries. “They save fair maidens who are in danger.  And they usually venture off by themselves into dangerous places because everyone else is scared to go.”
“Wow!” Oraden’s eyes lit up. “You know, I’m kind of like a warrior, too.”
“Really?” Tahir sheathed his sword.
“Yeah. I don’t have one of those things,” he gestured towards the sword, “but I do have my horn and I fight with it. And I go on adventures all the time. I’m actually on an adventure right now. I don’t get along with the other unicorns so much, so I go on adventures by myself. Sometimes I am gone for days at a time. When I return, my mother is always so angry with me, but my father usually takes my side and calms her down. I guess she just worries about me.”
“I used to do the same thing,” Tahir said. “I got along with the other children just fine though. Sometimes they’d even come with me. My mom would stuff my pack with food and blankets. But, I’ve never been this far from my village before.” Tahir’s expression turned sad. Oraden understood. 
“Come on, let’s play! I bet you can’t catch me!” the unicorn took off running.
Tahir threw down his weapon and chased his new friend. For hours they raced, had jumping contests, and played hide-and-seek—which Oraden was extremely good at. Tahir wouldn’t have thought such a big creature would be able to hide so well. He stood scratching his head. He could hear Oraden moving, but when he followed the sound, nothing was there. As he pondered his friend’s extraordinary hiding capabilities, he heard a noise: the same suspicious noise that had been misleading him since they started the game. His eyes shifted toward the sound. The leaves rustled, he was certain of it. He tiptoed closer. Oraden had to be there; he could sense it. He squinted and looked closer. 
“Boo!” Oraden appeared right before him; his horn glowing blue. Tahir screamed and fell backwards. Oraden neighed with laughter. 
“How did you do that?” Tahir scrambled back to his feet. The unicorn shook his head, and his eyes narrowed into little slits as he laughed. The horn’s blue glow faded until it was pearly black again. 
“It’s part of my magic,” he explained, still laughing. “Unicorns can become invisible; that’s how we stay hidden so well.”
“That’s amazing! I didn’t know unicorns had magic.”
“You didn’t know what a unicorn was until a few hours ago,” Oraden laughed. They continued to play. Tahir’s problems all but forgotten, until the sun’s rays pierced through the palms in the west. 
“I should probably be going home now,” Oraden looked into the sky. “I need to be home by sunset or both my parents will be very angry.”
“But, it’s still early,” Tahir said.
“I’ve already been gone for a couple days. If I leave now I can still get be home before dark.”
“Oh,” Tahir watched his toes dig into the sand. “I understand. I should probably get back to my journey, too.”
“Oh, yeah,” Oraden said looking at the ground. “You still have to go to England, huh?”
“Right.” Tahir scratched his arm. Oraden kicked the sand. They both stood in silence, reluctant to part ways.
“Well, I guess I should go,” Tahir gathered his belongings. “It was nice meeting you.”
“Do you want to come home with me?” Oraden blurted. “You could just stay for a little while and maybe rest before you go to England. I mean, if you want to.”
“Where is your home?” Tahir’s face lit up.
“It’s right on the other side of the river.” 
“Oh. It just so happens, I was headed that way.” Tahir smiled and slung his bow and pack over his shoulder. They capered side by side out of the oasis toward Oraden’s home.
“Do you like to swim?” Oraden asked.
“I don’t know how, why?” 
“You don’t know how? I didn’t know humans couldn’t swim?”
“Well, some humans can swim,” Tahir explained. “I just don’t know how.”
“Odd.”
“It’s not that odd. What difference does it make anyway?”
“Because we have to cross the river and swimming is the faster way to go.”
“What’s the other way?”
“We’ll have to walk along the shore for a while until we come to a waterfall. At the top, the river is narrow and shallow; we can walk across and only our hooves will get wet.”
“I like that way better.”
“There is one thing,” Oraden said. “When we get to Elysi you cannot tell my parents that I was on this side of the river.”
“Why not?”
“They think it is too dangerous.”
“Why?” Tahir asked.
“I don’t know. They’re probably afraid. I doubt they’ve ever even been across the river, so how could they know whats over here? I’ve been crossing the river for a long time now, and I haven’t seen anything dangerous.”
“Why do you do it if you’re not supposed to?” 
“Adventure! The first time I came over here, I was so scared. I didn’t know what to expect. There could have been monsters for all I knew, but I had to find out. I remember standing on my side for the longest time, staring across, trying to see goblins or dragons or some other evil beings. When I finally decided to cross at the waterfall, I was so nervous I was shaking all over. When I reached the other side I didn’t know what to do. Then I got scared so I ran back to the other side.” Oraden laughed at himself.
“You were afraid of nothing!” Tahir laughed.
“It wasn’t ‘nothing’. All of my life I was told that it was dangerous for unicorns to be on the other side of the river. I think I was very brave.”
“But you ran back.”
“Yes, but I came over the next day and the next. Each time I stayed longer and explored farther. Now there’s no place I’m afraid to go.”
“Wow, I guess you are like a warrior.”
“That’s what I told you.” Oraden strutted with his head high.
“Maybe we can be warriors together! Fight monsters and…”
“Well, my parents might turn into monsters if I get home too late.” Oraden and Tahir laughed. “Come on Tahir, let’s run!” Oraden broke into a gallop without waiting for a reply.
Tahir ran as fast as he could just to keep him in sight. The unicorn practically flew on his spindly legs; sand swirled in his wake.
Oraden was so far ahead that Tahir could barely see him. Finally it appeared that Oraden had stopped running to allow him to catch up. Tahir slowed to a brisk walk, all the while marveling at the interesting turn his life had taken. He wondered what other creatures he might meet along the way. Genies? Giants? Dwarves? He hurried along, pondering these mysteries, until Oraden interrupted his thoughts.
“Come on Tahir! What’s taking you so long?”
“I’m coming! I can’t run as fast as you!” Tahir shouted back.
Oraden stamped his feet and tossed his mane.
Tahir cleared his mind and looked up at the sky. He didn’t know how far it was to Oraden’s home, but he knew there wasn’t much sunlight left. He’d have to try much harder if they were going to make it before dark.
“I don’t think we are going to make it in time. Why can’t you go faster?”
“Oraden, I’m just a human being. I only have two legs and you have four. That means you can run twice as fast as I can. Besides I’m carrying this heavy pack and my bow over my shoulder. Can’t we just walk fast for a while?”
“It’s going to be dark soon,” Oraden whined, kicking sand. “My mother’s going to be so mad…”
“I’m sorry Oraden. I'll try to walk faster.” 
Oraden shook his head.
“You’re just too slow,” he sighed and thought for a moment. “All right, what if you climb on my back and I carry you? Maybe then I’ll get home before I’m too old to remember where I live.”
“You can carry me?” Tahir was skeptical. Oraden was much smaller than any horse, donkey or camel he had ever ridden. Not only was he shorter, his head was only slightly above Tahir’s eye level, but he also appeared frail. His limbs were slender, his muscles not fully developed. He moved quickly enough and seemed sure-footed, but could he carry a passenger? 
“I’ve never carried anyone before, but I’ve seen horses do it.”
“Yes, but you are a lot smaller than any animal I’ve ever ridden. And you’re still just a child.”
“I’m as strong as any horse! Do you want to come or not?”
“Of course I do!”
“So get on and let’s go.” Oraden knelt so Tahir could climb onto his back. He straddled the unicorn and shifted his pack and secured the bow to his belt.
“Am I too heavy?” he asked as he settled in.
“Have you ever asked a horse if you were too heavy?” Oraden asked, struggling to his feet.
“I would have if I thought he would answer.”
They both laughed. Oraden took a few steps to adjust to the extra weight on his back. 
“You’re not too heavy. This is going to be fun.”
“It feels kind of funny to me too. I never thought to care about how a camel feels having people ride on his back. We just did it, that’s all.”
“Just pretend I’m a camel and hold on!” Oraden took off again, not quite as fast as his earlier speed, but faster than Tahir ever traveled. He clung to the colt’s mane and squeezed its sides with his legs as they floated across the sand dunes. Tahir could feel the power and grace in Oraden’s movements; he wasn’t the least bit afraid anymore. 
They sped along through the barren land toward a solitary tree. It was difficult to tell from the distance, but it looked like no other tree Tahir had ever seen. Such a tall tree, full of leaves, and far from any water source was just odd. Oraden galloped past the tree without slowing, seemingly uninterested.
Tahir noticed the land becoming more fertile the farther northeast they traveled. Even along the river there was not as much vegetation as there was here. It was almost as though he had entered another oasis, but it was different. First there was a tree or shrub here or there. Then there was an unfamiliar flower and more trees and thorny plants. Soon, he found himself surrounded by foliage. He didn’t even see all the trees ahead; they just seemed to stumble into this paradise of sorts. Perhaps they were going too fast for him to notice.
“Just across this river is my home, Tahir.” Oraden approached the river and trotted along the bank. He lowered his head to the clear water and gulped as much as he could.
Tahir scanned the forest beyond the river. The river was narrow, but the trees were so dense he couldn’t see very far. 
Oraden cantered along the riverbank. Ahead, the water was shallow enough that he could run across. He went as fast as he could up the familiar hill. Fatigue seeped into his muscles, but he didn’t want Tahir to know. At the top of the hill, he paused to take another short drink. 
Tahir looked back toward the direction of his village one last time. 
My father used to tell me there are places in this world most people would never see. Forces most people would never understand. Things most people would never believe in. I never really understood what he meant, until today. I am not one of those people. Across this river is an entire world for me to see, an unknown number of things for me to understand, to believe in. 
He looked over the river. 
Once I cross this river, I’ll never come back.
He tightened his grip on Oraden’s mane just as the unicorn splashed into the water. 
Chapter Nine
E L Y S I
Tahir had no idea what to expect, but was surprised to see a world as familiar as the one he left. There were no monsters popping out from behind trees, no scary creatures lurking about ready to devour young children. He heard no menacing growls. An occasional glance over his shoulder revealed nothing but a dense oasis of trees and grasses and all the usual sights and sounds within. 
Oraden’s cloven hooves struck and bounced off the sand like hail on the rooftops of his village. He bounded over fallen trees without breaking stride and dashed around thickets without slowing. Tahir held tightly to Oraden’s mane. He leaned forward over the unicorn’s neck to avoid being hit in the head by low branches, unable to control the grin on his face and excitement in his eyes. Never had he felt so alive.
Oraden abruptly stopped. “You can get off now. I don’t want my parents to know you were riding me.”
Tahir obediently dismounted. He looked back and saw the faint path they’d just taken simply disappear, as if the woods parted to allow Oraden through, then closed behind them. 
“Come on, we still have to hurry,” Oraden said.
“Where are we?”
“It’s called Elysi.”
“Is this where you live?”
“This is part of my home,” Oraden explained. “We actually live in the meadow right over there, but the surrounding woods are home to us as well.”
“Where is the meadow?”
“Straight ahead.”
“Where?” Tahir stood confused.
“You will see it in a few minutes.”
“Do you see it now, or do you just know it’s there?”
“I know it’s there because I can see it. Don’t worry; you'll start seeing a lot of things if you stay here long enough.”
“Like what?”
“Like all kinds of stuff.”
“Tell me, Oraden. I want to know!” Tahir jumped in front of Oraden and pleaded.
“I can’t tell you. All I know is that things will be revealed to you in time. Now don’t ask me anything else about it.”
“Will your parents be angry with you for bringing me here?”
“I don’t think so. We take pride in helping those who are in need, alone, helpless, or in danger. When I found you, you were…well, you were all of those things.”
“Do you think they will like me?”
“You ask a lot of questions.” Oraden gave Tahir a look that clearly showed his impatience. “My mother likes all animals. It might take my father a while to get used to you.”
“Will we…?”
“Tahir!”
“What?” he asked in an innocent little boy’s kind of way.
“No more questions. Just remember, don’t tell them that I was on the other side of the river, and don’t mention that I let you ride on my back.”
“I won’t say anything about it. But will we eat when we get there?”
“Of course you can eat.” Oraden laughed. “Why wouldn’t you?”
“I just thought maybe we might have missed dinner.”
“I don’t know what dinner is, but you can eat whenever you want. As soon as you meet my parents, we'll find something. We don’t have time right now, we’re almost there.”
Tahir followed along thinking about how different things were since he met Oraden. He was accustomed to eating meals with his parents at certain times of the day; but that life was all gone. England would be even more different. He’d have to learn to adapt. For now, he figured he should learn as much as he could from Oraden. 
“Look, Tahir, there’s my mother!”
Tahir looked in the direction Oraden pointed to with his horn.
“Where? I don’t see anything.”
“Right over there. Come on!” Oraden broke into a gallop.
Tahir chased after him toward ‘nothing’; he didn’t see anyone anywhere. He ran as fast as he could to keep up with the unicorn, but stopped short when Oraden came to halt. He watched the unicorn prance in circles. Tahir couldn’t hear his words, but he could see that Oraden was excitedly talking and laughing. Keeping his distance, Tahir continued to watch as Oraden played with his make-believe friend, mother, or whomever he thought it was. Tahir’s stomach knotted as he realized he allowed himself to be talked into going home with a crazy unicorn.
“Tahir! Come on over here and meet my mother!” Oraden shouted.
For a moment, Tahir couldn’t move. He really didn’t want to go any closer, but this was his friend and he didn’t want to be rude. He took a few hesitant steps. As he slowly approached, the air around Oraden began to ripple; slowly, another unicorn materialized right next to Oraden. Tahir stopped and watched the two of them staring back at him. He couldn’t believe his eyes. Oraden wasn’t crazy after all. Maybe I am the crazy one, he thought.
“Come on Tahir, what’s the matter with you?”
Tahir looked around to see if anything else suddenly materialized around him. Seeing nothing, he walked over to meet Oraden’s mother.
“Mother, this is my friend, Tahir.”
“Hello, Tahir. I am Diamond. It’s nice to meet you,” she said with an apprehensive smile.
“Hello, Ma’am.”
“Can he stay with us, Mother? Please?” 
“Oraden, I’m sure his parents would have something to say about that.”
“I, I…” Tahir didn’t know what to say. He stared at the ground as images of his mother buried in rubble flooded his mind. He could feel his head getting hot and tears forming in his eyes. He blinked them away. He swore that he wouldn’t cry anymore, especially not now.  Not in front of Oraden.
“Tahir’s home was destroyed a few days ago and his parents were killed.” Oraden whispered in her ear.
“You poor, poor child. Were you injured?” Tahir shook his head ‘no’.  Although she didn’t have much experience with human anatomy, she still gave him a brief inspection. He was dirty, perhaps a bit on the thin side, but as far as she could tell he seemed to be healthy. She nuzzled his face and gave his cheek a lick. Her fuzzy nose tickled his skin; she was glad to see him smile.
“Don’t worry Tahir,” Diamond cooed. “You are perfectly safe here in Elysi. This will be your home for as long as you like.”
“Thank you, Ma’am.” Tahir hesitantly reached out to pet her soft coat.
“Please, just call me Diamond,” she led the youngsters toward the meadow. “Come, tell me all about your adventure while we look for your father.”
Tahir followed along as Oraden talked nonstop about how he met his new friend. Tahir wasn’t listening; he already knew the story. He tried to push away the sadness and focus on the beauty that was to be his new home. He suddenly found himself standing in a meadow; it wasn’t there a minute ago, and now it was.
Dense woods surrounded the meadow. Trees bore fruit of all kinds. Small shrubbery and wild flowers made way, opening a path through the meadow. Tahir was amazed at how this much beauty could be hidden in the middle of the desert. He assumed animals would be drawn to such fertile land, but he saw none. The setting sun bathed everything in a warm glow. Small lights danced beneath the treetops. It was so peaceful.
One by one, small animals appeared as if from thin air. First, butterflies and bees, followed by birds, rabbits, chipmunks, squirrels, and weasels. They took no notice of him as they went about their business. Life in Elysi slowly materialized before his eyes.
He thought he might’ve seen a unicorn; it was only a glimpse, but he was fairly certain one of the graceful creatures was there. Occasionally he saw the grass dance before him as though one galloped past. He staggered back to get out its way, not sure if it could see him. Then he saw ghostly silhouettes. Some were gathered in groups of three or four, some ran at play; others stood all alone: watching. One by one they sprang to life before him—no longer illusions or ghosts, but living, breathing, majestic creatures with obvious intelligence and kindness in their faces. The unicorns were the only animals that seemed to be aware of him. He knew that Oraden and his mother could see all of this at once, but for him, it was quite thrilling and slightly frightening.
He didn’t sense any danger; but not knowing what might reveal itself next was a bit unsettling. All of the animals seemed to be friends with each other. Rabbits romped with squirrels, birds fluttered at play with jackalopes, deer pounced at chipmunks. It was a wonderful sight.
“This is amazing, Oraden!” he blurted, unable to contain his excitement.
“What is?” Oraden asked.
“All of this. It’s wonderful. Can all of the animals talk?”
“Of course they can talk,” Oraden laughed.
“Oraden, it’s not nice to laugh at someone’s question.” Diamond scolded.
“But why would he think animals couldn’t talk?”
“Because he is human. Tahir,” she said, motioning for him to walk next to her, “It is true, all animals can talk. Typically, humans are not able to understand their languages.”
“Then why can I talk to you?” he asked.
“That’s a good question. One I’m afraid I can’t answer.”
“They all seem to get along with each other. Will they be afraid of me?”
“Of course not, unless you give them a reason to. In this oasis we all live harmoniously. We respect one another, and share the woods, meadow, and river that is Elysi and all its bounties. No one is superior; no one holds dominion over another; therefore, there is nothing to fear. The few predators that hunt in the woods surrounding Elysi rarely venture within our borders.”
Tahir understood. Still, there were so many questions he wanted to ask. 
“The longer you stay here, the more you will understand. As I said, you are welcome to stay as long as you like. Oraden, I think you should introduce Tahir to some of the other unicorns.”
“I don’t want to,” Oraden stamped the ground. “They don’t like me and they won’t like Tahir either.”
“You don’t know that. Besides, they do like you. They just don’t understand you that’s all; neither do I, come to think of it. If Tahir is going to stay here, he needs to meet all the animals, starting with the unicorns.”
“Fine. Come on, Tahir. But don’t say I didn’t warn you.” Oraden kicked the ground as he dragged himself toward the group of young unicorns.
“I’m going to have a talk with your father. Bring Tahir around when you’re finished.”
Diamond watched the two walk toward a group of young unicorns gathered at the edge of the stream. She was well aware that the other colts didn’t like Oraden. It made her sad to see all of the other juvenile unicorns playing together while her son was left to entertain himself. They had no choice but to allow Oraden to do his exploring alone.
“Why don’t they like you?” Tahir asked as they trudged toward the waiting unicorns.
“I don’t know and I don’t care. I think Roddy’s okay, but she’s afraid to be around me too much because she thinks the others will be mad at her. That’s Roddy over there; we’ll talk to her first.”
Tahir couldn’t see how Oraden could tell one from the other. They were all about the same size; all had a thick, pointed horn in the center of their heads. Unlike Oraden, each wore a dark reddish-brown coat with faint spots. The one Oraden called Roddy anxiously watched them approach and separated herself from the others so as to be the first to greet them.
“Hi, Roddy.” Oraden grumbled.
“Hi, Oraden. Where have you been this time?” Roddy never took her eyes from the newcomer.
“Just out exploring again. This is Tahir. He’s going to be staying for a while.”
“Hi,” Tahir smiled nervously.
“Hi, Tahir,” her voice was warm and welcoming.
“I still don’t understand why you are always going off all alone, Oraden. It’s dangerous out there, you know.”
“Not if you’re careful,” Oraden mumbled, watching the other unicorns from the corner of his eye.
“I hope one day you will take me with you so I can see what keeps you away from home so much.” 
Oraden snorted, disregarding yet another of her attempts to persuade him to take her with him on one of his adventures.
Roddy ignored him and the other unicorns sneering behind her. “Are you on an adventure too, Tahir?”
“Sort of. I was on my way to England when I met Oraden.”
“Are you still going to England?”
“Yes, but I’m not in any hurry. I’ll stay here for a while, and then I'll be on my way.”
“I suppose you’ll be taking Oraden with you huh? Where is England anyway?”
“It’s far away from here. It’s where…”
“Why all the questions Roddy?” Oraden interrupted.
“I don’t know,” Roddy pawed at the ground. “Just asking, that’s all.” 
“Well, don’t.” Oraden turned his attention to the five unicorns studying him from afar. He knew it was only a matter of time before they started trouble.
Tahir scratched his arm nervously. It wasn’t difficult to sense the tension between Oraden and the others. Oraden’s muscles were taut, the hairs on his back stood on end, his nostrils flared, and he never took his eyes from the biggest of the group. Tahir had no idea who was the trouble-maker. Roddy seemed pleasant enough, yet Oraden was quite short with her. In his limited amount of time with Oraden, Tahir already learned that his new friend wasn’t the most patient of creatures; he could be quite rude at times. Still, he was fun, playful and adventurous. Surely his shortcomings were not the cause of all this animosity. 
Tahir peered over Oraden’s back to study the others. Even from a distance, he could see their unfriendly demeanors. For Roddy, this stand-off was normal; she was well acquainted with their small feud. She leaned over to Tahir and pointed out each unicorn with her horn, telling their names, ending with the biggest, meanest-looking one of them all: Kodah.
“If they like you, they can be the best of friends,” Roddy explained, sensing Tahir’s apprehension.
“But if they don’t like you, they’re a bunch of bullies,” Oraden added.
The herd was on the move. They swaggered toward Roddy and the two outsiders with their tails and noses high.
“You should try harder to get along with them, Oraden. They’re really not that bad.”
“You can say that because they like you,” Oraden’s horn glowed a soft tint of red. “I’ve never done anything to any of them.”
Kodah and the others circled Oraden and Tahir, inspecting the strange new creature.
“Why did you bring this two-footer here?” Kodah sneered. “He doesn’t belong here any more than you do. Take him back where you found him and stay there, both of you!” 
The other unicorns neighed and stomped in agreement.
“This is my friend and he can stay as long as he wants to,” Oraden shouted back.
“Funny how you have to go beyond the meadow to find a friend huh, Oraden?” the other unicorns snickered.
“Come on guys, cut it out. Let’s not fight in front of Tahir,” Roddy pleaded.
“I’m not afraid of Kodah; if he wants a fight, fine with me.” Oraden glared at Kodah.
“Oh? And I suppose your little two-footed friend is going to help you, right?” Kodah mocked, shooting Tahir an unmistakable look of disgust.
The other unicorns laughed as they circled around Tahir. He hadn’t been in many fights, but he’d never backed away from one either. This situation was a little different: How does one fight a unicorn? Oraden was his friend and was taking up for him; he couldn’t let Oraden fight all five of them alone. He wondered whose side Roddy would take.
“I don’t need any help to whip a coward like you!” Oraden’s horn glowed brighter and brighter until it looked like the hot metal in a blacksmith’s forge.
“Who are you calling a coward?” Kodah stepped closer, glaring at Oraden.
“You!” Oraden stood his ground. “Too scared to ever leave the meadow. Coward!”
Kodah charged without warning, but Oraden was ready for him. Roddy nudged Tahir out of the way as Kodah’s friends crowded in, yelling and cheering him on. Oraden and Kodah, both on hind legs, furiously kicked and pawed, aiming to damage the others’ precious horn. As the source of their magic, a broken horn would cause serious emotional and physical challenges. Although strong, and often used as a weapon in battle, a powerful well-placed kick could break it. 
The two hammered each other with their hooves, their coats foaming with sweat. The cheers of the bystanders fomented their rage. Louder and louder the cheers grew as Kodah and Oraden’s frenzied kicks battered each others’ small bodies and sent blood streaming down their legs. So enthralled by the ruckus, none of them noticed the tall, scarred unicorn barreling toward them.
“Oraden! Kodah! Stop it immediately!” Oraden’s father pushed himself between the two opponents. His horn glowed and his nostrils flared. “What’s this all about?” he glared at Oraden first, then over at Kodah. Their panting could be heard in the silence. “I will have no more of this fighting! Do you understand?”
“Kodah started it!” Oraden tried to explain.
“I don’t care who started it. Enough is enough! Go find a way to occupy yourselves without hurting each other. Go. Now!” 
The unicorns hurried away; they got off easy this time, and hopefully, Ramah wouldn’t tell their parents. Oraden and Tahir tried to sneak away as well, but were quickly caught.
“Not you two. You’re coming with me.”
Tahir tried to read Oraden’s face for any fear or concern, but he realized he hadn’t had enough experience with Oraden—or unicorns in general, for that matter—to be able to read facial expressions.
Ramah lead them away from the meadow. He stopped under an apricot tree, reached up and snatched one into his mouth. Tahir’s stomach rumbled as he watched Ramah bite into the succulent fruit. But apprehension won out over his hunger and he decided it best not to ask for one. Oraden was silent, sulking with his head and tail low.
Tahir could definitely see the differences between the unicorns in the meadow and Oraden’s father. Ramah was larger and much more muscular. His mane was thick and coarse. The dark eyes peeking from behind his bangs were pools of wisdom. Instead of the same reddish-brown of all the other unicorns, he had a grey, almost white, shaggy coat. He actually seemed poorly suited for the desert heat and sand. He also lacked the faint spots of the younger unicorns. So far, Tahir had not seen another with a black coat like Oraden’s.
Ramah took his time eating the fruit. He wanted a few minutes to study this human boy. He had the dark skin typical of other humans he observed in the past. His hair was dark, wiry, and short. His almond-shaped brown eyes shifted nervously back and forth as he fidgeted. He was very thin and looked vulnerable standing on only two legs. Ramah often wondered how humans managed to move around without falling over. Like Oraden, his muscles weren’t fully developed. His eyes communicated curiosity and excitement but, unlike Oraden’s, they harbored great sadness. His face lacked the mane Ramah had seen on adult men; he was definitely still a child. Ramah guessed they were probably about the same age.
But, no matter how youthful and innocent-looking he was, the situation did not set well with Ramah. How could Diamond welcome a human into their midst? Why risk the danger? She knew well the wickedness of humans, the threat they posed to unicorns and particularly to their son. What was done was done. Supposedly the boy was alone, and as a child he likely posed little threat. Hopefully, her compassion would not be their undoing.
“So, you’re the human boy. I am Ramah, Oraden’s father. Not a very nice way for us to meet, is it?”
“No, Sir.”
“I suppose we have Oraden to blame for that.” he gave Oraden one of those looks that said, ‘Keep your mouth shut and maybe I’ll let you off easy’. Oraden obeyed the unspoken command. He kept his head down and kicked at the dirt and grass. “I have been told Tahir, that you have lost your mother and father?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“I am sorry to hear that. As Diamond said, you are welcome here as long as you choose to stay.  And I’m sure you will have much better days ahead than this one.”
“Thank you, Sir.”
“Oraden!” he called in a stern tone, jarring Oraden from his preoccupation with the ground. “It is your responsibility to make sure Tahir has everything he needs. Stay together, play together, and teach him our ways. And please, stay away from Kodah. One of these days you may really end up hurting each other.”
“Yes, Sir,” Oraden said, still avoiding eye contact.
“Go. And stay out of trouble.” 
“Let’s go to the stream Tahir. I’m thirsty.” Oraden was elated to have escaped punishment. He hurried away, getting out of sight before Ramah changed his mind.
“Can I have an apricot?” Tahir asked before following.
“Sure,” Ramah found the question rather odd. “Take as many as you want, I guess.”
Tahir snatched three apricots from the tree. He stuffed two in his pocket before running to catch up with Oraden.
Ramah shook his head. He watched them run to the stream and then continued grazing on the sweet grass. By the time Diamond found him, his anger had long since subsided. She greeted him by rubbing her nose against his cheek.
“Have you met Tahir yet?” she asked her mate.
“Sure have. Right after I broke up a fight between Oraden and Kodah.”
“Oh fairies! Were either of them injured”?
“No. But sooner or later Oraden will meet his match.”
“What were they fighting about this time?”
“I’d guess it had something to do with that boy. Why did you agree to let him stay here? He’s causing trouble already.”
“Ramah, how can you say that? Oraden’s been fighting since before he was born. Remember how he used to kick me as if I were holding him hostage?”
Ramah laughed at the memory of those days. “You are right about that, but I still don’t like it. Oraden finds enough trouble without the help of an outsider.”
“That’s my point. He’s never been able to get along with the other colts. This human boy may be just what Oraden needs to keep him out of trouble.”
“You really believe that?”
“I believe we should give them a chance. I know you worry about him. I worry too. He’s so different from the others; maybe he just needs a different kind of companion. Besides, it was Nayani who welcomed him first. Within minutes of setting foot in the meadow, he could see all there is to see here. We should trust her.”
“Have it your way Diamond, but I’m going to keep a close eye on that boy, and I suggest you do the same.”
* * * * *
Tahir lounged in the grass eating apricots while Oraden grazed nearby. He was still in awe of his new home. Above, twinkling lights danced to the sounds of the rippling stream.
“Do you think Kodah will give us any more trouble?” Tahir asked. 
“He’s always looking for trouble. But it’s easy to stay away from him because he never leaves the meadow. That’s one reason I get away from here as much as I can. Tomorrow we’ll go to the lake. It’s through those woods over there,” Oraden glanced at the nearby woods that would lead them on another day of adventure.
“What is there to do at the lake?”
“Play, what else?”
“When you were fighting, your horn and eyes were glowing. Why didn’t Kodah’s?”
“I guess I just do it out of habit. It’s just used to scare off predators or if I want to talk to fairies. It’s not really needed for other unicorns. I’d bet Kodah probably doesn’t even know how to use his powers.”
“Well, Kodah looked pretty scared.” Tahir laughed, not really sure if he did or didn’t.
“Yeah, he looked almost as scared as you did when I blew out your fire last night.”
“What?—that was you?”
Oraden couldn’t control his laughter. “You should’ve seen your face!”
Tahir threw his apricot at the unicorn. Oraden was laughing too hard to even try to dodge it and juice splattered in his mane.
“You dirty jackal! I thought it was a ghost.”
Oraden rolled on the ground laughing. Tahir watched him and giggled at the sight.
“I’m gonna get you back for that, you wait and see,” Tahir threatened.
Oraden was still giggling when he curled up next to Tahir to go to sleep.
Morning came much too quickly for Tahir. He looked around to see the meadow alive with activity. Oraden was already up and talking to his mother. Ramah was no where to be seen, neither was Kodah and the other unicorns. Tahir felt relieved, he didn’t want to start the day with another confrontation.
“Tahir, my mother wants to talk to you,” Oraden called out to him.
“Good morning, Tahir.”
“Good morning, Ma’am; I mean Diamond.”
“Tahir, I need to talk to you. Ramah and I had a little discussion about you last night. We feel we should establish a few rules since you will be staying with us for a while.”
“What kind of rules?”
“First, if you’ve noticed, there are no other humans in Elysi. You are the first to live among us. We would like to keep it that way. You are not to tell any other human about us, or how to find this place. Once humans know about us, they will come and corrupt this magical environment. I ask this only for our protection. Do you understand?”
“Yes. I don’t know how to get here myself, so I couldn’t tell anyone else how to.”
“But you are free to come and go as you please. You will soon learn how to find Elysi on your own.”
“I promise not to tell anyone. Besides, I don’t know any humans anymore.” he lowered his eyes to the ground as sadness washed over him as soon as the words left his mouth.
Diamond continued, not wanting Tahir to dwell on his past.
“There is one other thing. We are very aware that you are different from us, in many ways. Let’s use the hyena as an example. “He is an animal much like myself, yet, he is different. He is a meat-eating predator. Now, we do not hate the hyena because he eats meat. A hyena is but a hyena. He would not survive without meat, just as we would not survive without fruit and grasses. It doesn’t make him bad or evil; it is his nature. Humans eat meat as well. It doesn’t make humans bad, either. The point is, when you choose to eat meat, please go outside of Elysi to hunt. Out there you will not be under the protection of the meadow, but it is no more dangerous than any other place. We don’t need to know or see what you are eating. I’m sure I don’t have to tell you not to eat any of the creatures within the meadow, right?”
“Oh, I’d never do that. I really don’t have to eat meat. I like fruit, but I don’t think I like leaves or grass.”
Diamond smiled at the child. “You don’t have to. We are not asking that you change who and what you are. We only ask that you be mindful of the company you are now with. Eat what you must to survive. Just don’t do it here.”
“I understand.”
“These are two simple rules, but they are very important to us. In return, as I have mentioned, you may stay here as long as you like and have the full protection of Elysi.”
Tahir nodded.
“Alright, alright, can we go now Mother?” 
“Yes Oraden, I am finished. You may go now.” 
“Come on Tahir, I’ll race you!” Oraden galloped away without waiting for an answer.
“Have fun and stay out of trouble,” she called. After her conversation with Ramah last night, Diamond had mixed emotions about Oraden’s new friend. This could very well be a big mistake. One that could put all of Elysi in danger. She prayed to the fairies that she wasn’t wrong about him.
Chapter 10
R H Y K E L L
“Are we still in Elysi?”
They eventually stopped running and were walking through the woods following a widening stream that would lead them to the lake.
“Yes, the woods surrounding the meadow are still considered Elysi,” Oraden answered.
“How do you know when you are not in Elysi anymore?”
“You just know, that’s all.”
“But how do you know? How will I know?”
“You’ll feel it.”
“Feel what?”
“I don’t know how to describe it, Tahir. It’s just a feeling. Kind of like how a breeze blows through your mane; you can feel it but you can’t see it.”
“I didn’t feel anything when you brought me into Elysi.”
“You weren’t supposed to.”
“Why not?”
“Because you didn’t belong here before. Now you do, so you should be able to feel it.”
“Oh well, let me know when I should start feeling it.”
“No, it doesn’t work like that. If you feel it I won’t have to tell you. You tell me if you feel something.”
“Alright.”
They followed the stream deeper into the woods.
Tahir stayed alert for some unknown feeling to come over him. But the only thing he felt was very familiar: hunger. He replayed his discussion with Diamond. Although he wanted to catch a rabbit and make a meal of him, just thinking about it made him feel guilty. He snatched a leaf and turned it over and over as he followed Oraden. He wondered if he could make himself get used to eating leaves. Most of the plant-eating animals he knew of were quite large, so it must be nutritious. He popped it into his mouth. He chewed and chewed, trying to enjoy it while trying not to taste it. 
Tahir’s face contorted: How could Oraden stand to eat this? Repulsed by the taste, he finally he gave up and spit it out. There were no fruit trees in sight; nothing to replace the bitter taste of the leaf. He squatted at the stream and scooped handfuls of water into his mouth. Although he didn’t see any, he imagined there were fish in there. He wondered how Diamond would feel about him eating fish. Oraden was still walking, oblivious to his companion’s dilemma. Tahir patted his rumbling stomach and then ran to catch up with him.
“Are we almost there?”
“Almost where?”
“Wherever we’re going.”
“We won’t know until we get there.”
“I thought you said we were going to the lake. Are we still?”
“Maybe. That’s where we are headed, but you never know what adventures may lead you away from your original destination.”
“Back home, my friends and I would decide where we wanted to go and that’s where we went. We didn’t have surprise adventures along the way.”
“I don’t look for surprise adventures. Sometimes it just happens. Like when I found you yesterday. That was a surprise for both of us, right?”
“Yeah, that’s right. I was on my way to England, then I met you, and now I’m here.”
“Are you still going to England?”
“Oh, absolutely. I just don’t need to be in such a hurry. As I figure, since this place is kind of on the way, it wouldn’t matter much if I…”
“Look Tahir!” Oraden interrupted. “The sprites!”
“Sprites?” Tahir looked ahead but wasn’t surprised when he didn’t see anything.
“Yeah, sprites. They’re satchels of fun. You’ll see. Follow me.”
Tahir jogged along, eyes alert for something to materialize from thin air again.
“Hey, you guys! What are doing?” Oraden called out.
Tahir slowed and ducked under branches to enter a clearing. Once again he found himself watching Oraden talking to no one. At least now he knew his friend wasn’t insane. He listened to the one-sided conservation while he waited for Oraden’s friends to appear. It wasn’t long before he saw them: Sprites were people. Little people. There were lots of them, not one taller than his knee. They ran and gathered around Oraden.
“Where you been?”
“Haven’t seen you around here in a long time.” they all spoke at once while prancing around Oraden’s hooves.
“You know. Half of the time I don’t even know where I am.” Oraden tried to keep track of who was saying what, but with so many of them speaking so quickly it was nearly impossible.
“Are you here to play?”
“Of course we are.”
“Who’s that?” one of the females pointed her tiny finger at the stranger.
“This is Tahir. He’s my new friend.”
Tahir waved, too shocked to speak.
“Let’s play!” Oraden yelled.
All at once, the sprites jumped on him. They scampered all over Oraden’s body: on his back, up his chest, around his neck and legs; anywhere they could get a good hold.
“Is everybody ready?” Oraden asked.
“Ready!” they shouted in unison.
“Hold on!”
Oraden jumped and bucked, twisted and turned. The sprites hung on tightly, laughing as Oraden tried to throw them off.
Tahir laughed at the sight. He watched the first sprite fly from Oraden’s ear. It sailed through the air and landed in a nearby shrub. Tahir ran to him, concerned that he may be hurt, but the little man emerged from the leaves laughing. Tahir cheered the sprites on. One by one they were flung in every direction. It was the funniest thing Tahir had ever seen.
“Only three more left, Oraden!” Tahir shouted.
One sprite was hanging by Oraden’s mane, and two others were tangled up in his tail, fighting for the best position. Oraden whipped his tail around as he reared up and jumped wildly in circles. Finally the two sprites on his tail were thrown head over heels to the ground.
“Eureka! Eureka!” the last remaining sprite cried.
Oraden settled down to allow the sprite could jump off.
“I won! I won!”
Tahir applauded the winner. 
“I want a turn! Climb on me,” Tahir yelled.
The little sprites looked questioningly at Oraden.
“It’s alright. Go ahead if you want to.”
The sprites didn’t need to be asked twice. They ran to Tahir and climbed up his clothing. Tahir giggled when some tickled his belly as they tried to find something to hold on to. When everyone was ready, Tahir jumped and kicked and flailed his arms around. The sprites and Oraden alike roared with laughter. Again, one by one the sprites lost their grip. When a winner was finally declared, Tahir fell to the ground from exhaustion. 
The sprites laughed non-stop. They recounted how Sudlin and Caan struggled to hold on to Oraden’s tail, and they compared the differences between riding Oraden and riding Tahir. Each of them offered his perspective of the game, one funnier than the next.
As good a time as Tahir was having, his stomach wouldn’t let him forget that it had been empty all day.
“Is there anything good for a human boy to eat around here?” he asked.
“Does a human boy eat the same thing a sprite boy would eat?” Sudlin asked.
“I think so.” Tahir shrugged.
“Well then, yes!” the sprites all jumped and ran, yelling for Tahir to follow them.
They showed him where to find berries, figs, rhubarb, watermelon, pomegranate, tasty mushrooms and flowers. They taught him how to identify the poisonous fruits, how to get honey and extract tasty tree sap. Tahir ate his way through all their favorite foods. Between bites he asked every question he could think of; all of which, the sprites were more than happy to answer. Tahir looked over at Oraden to share his excitement.
Oraden however, was not impressed. The unicorn tried to entertain himself for a while but quickly became bored. He came here for an adventure, but the sprites were too busy enjoying Tahir’s company to bother with adventures. 
“What’s the matter Oraden?”
“You ask too many questions, that’s all.”
“What’s wrong with that? If I don’t ask, I won’t know anything. You don’t tell me anything.”
“I shouldn’t have to tell you everything. Some things you should just know.”
“How am I supposed to know about a place I’ve never been, and creatures I have never seen before?”
Oraden didn’t bother to answer. Instead, he just stepped away and grazed.
Tahir was having a good day. He didn’t understand Oraden, but for now, it didn’t matter. The sprites were friendly enough and they didn’t mind answering his many questions.
“Tahir, we should be getting back now,” Oraden announced.  He was bored and didn’t appreciate being ignored as Tahir became the center of attention.  He occupied himself as long as his patience would allow.
Tahir refrained from asking why they needed to leave so early. He’d been hoping to spend the night in Rhykell with the sprites. Oraden has been unusually quiet and distant today. Tahir suspected something was troubling him, but he dare not ask.
“Alright, Oraden. If you’re ready, I’m ready too,” Tahir lied.
They said their goodbyes to the sprites and Tahir thanked them for teaching him so much in one day. The sprites made Tahir and Oraden promise to come visit again soon.
The two companions walked in silence back toward the meadow. Tahir knew that Oraden was not in the mood for conversation, so he quietly practiced identifying the plants the sprites just taught him. After a while he became bored.
“Want to race?” he asked, knowing Oraden loved to run.
“No, I don’t feel like running.”
“Can I ride on your back?”
“No,” Oraden snapped.
“You want to ride on my back?” Tahir asked, hoping to lift Oraden’s spirits. “I won’t let you fall, Oraden. Come on!”
“We will both fall,” Oraden pondered the suggestion. “Actually, you will fall, not me.”
“I’m stronger than you think,” Tahir smiled. “Really.” 
“How could you possibly carry me?” Oraden gave Tahir a skeptical look. He’d never been carried by anyone before; the possibility never even occurred to him. “Fine, let’s try it.”
Tahir braced himself as Oraden carefully placed his front legs over his shoulders. He tried to lift the unicorn up and carry him piggy-back style, but could only lift one of his hind legs. Oraden was forced to hop on one hoof until they both tumbled to the ground.
“I told you!” Oraden laughed. 
“It’s not my fault,” Tahir said, brushing the leaves and sticks off of himself. “You don’t have hands to hold on.”
“Excuses. Let’s try it again.”
They tried a few more times, each resulting in Oraden hopping around until they tumbled to the ground in uncontrollable laughter. They played tag for a while and then raced back to the meadow. Oraden’s foul mood all but forgotten.
The days came and went; each bringing new adventures and games. Although Oraden promised more than once, they hadn’t returned to Rhykell to visit the sprites; instead they spent their time in the meadow, the surrounding woods, and by the stream. Tahir mingled with other unicorns—though constantly mindful of Kodah. He had long conversations with Diamond, who was always willing to answer his many questions and teach him about life in Elysi. He was beginning to feel more and more at home here. Yet, often he missed his real family and home even more. 
Tahir lay awake under a full moon and a blanket of stars. He thought about how different his life had become. Back home, he frequently dreamed of living in the wild. No restrictions or limitations, no boundaries; just absolute freedom. Things don’t turn out the way you imagine though—even when your dreams do come true.
He knew it was irrational, but there were times he even felt guilty for enjoying himself. Here he was, laughing and playing in this amazing, beautiful place as though nothing ever happened, while everyone he’d known and loved lay dead in the sand.
Some nights he still heard the screams and felt the earth shake. Smoke and burning flesh flooded his nostrils. His chest was squeezed until there was no air left in his body. He clutched his heart; surely it was about to explode. He was going to die like everyone else. The guilt he felt for surviving was replaced by cries. But I don’t want to die, I don’t want to die!
“Tahir!” 
His eyes snapped open to the silent darkness. The ground was not shaking; there were no fires. Though his heart still pounded, he could at least breathe.
“Tahir, you were screaming again,” Oraden whispered. “Are you okay?”
Tahir nodded, rubbing his hands to keep them from shaking.
“There there, Child,” Diamond cooed, snuggling closer to the boy. “You are safe here, protected by magic and fairies.”
Tahir was calmed by the lights floating overhead, the soothing stream rippling softly. Ramah stood nearby; it seemed he never slept. Though he usually seemed angry, perhaps even mistrusting of him, Tahir could now see compassion in his face and sensed that Ramah would indeed protect him. The other unicorns stirred; he probably woke them again. They never seemed to be angry with him. He wiped at his tears and took a deep breath. He was safe here. He rested his head against Diamond’s side. Her heartbeat was slow and strong. Oraden inched himself closer and leaned his narrow head on his friend’s chest. Tahir stroked the unicorn’s long neck and ran his fingers through the silky mane. Petting such a magical creature always soothed him.
“You were having a nightmare about your village again, huh?” Diamond asked.
“Yeah,” Tahir whispered back.
“What happened?”
“I don’t know.” That day haunted him almost every night, but somehow he couldn’t remember the details; it was all just a blur. “It happened so fast, there were screams…then everyone was gone. I don’t know who did it, or why.”
“We may never know the answers to these things, Tahir,” Diamond explained as she nuzzled his face. “Perhaps time will reveal all. Take comfort in the knowledge that you are completely safe here; the magic of the fairies and dryads is incredibly strong, and protects all who dwell here. Be at peace, my human boy. Think on happier times.”
When Tahir awoke to daylight, Oraden was gone. Diamond and Ramah grazed not too far away, but he didn’t feel like talking to them. Well, Ramah rarely spoke to him at all. Diamond would want to talk about the previous night and he didn’t want to. He just wanted to empty his mind and play. Oraden was the best person—or unicorn, rather—for that, but he was nowhere to be found. Roddy, on the other hand, was always easy to find; she never left the meadow.
“Hi, Roddy. Have you seen Oraden?”
“No. Not even his parents can keep track of him. He could be anywhere.”
“Thanks anyway.”
Maybe Oraden needed a break from him. Before he showed up Oraden was a loner; now he had a boy following him around all the time. Tahir wandered into the woods. Maybe he’d find Oraden; maybe he’d find an adventure. He strolled along, tearing leaves from branches and wondering if he’d left the boundaries of Elysi. He tried to focus his attention on the magic protecting the oasis. He desperately wanted to have magic. If he had magic, he’d feel more like he belonged in the oasis. Being the only human and the only one without magic made him feel more isolated from the others. If he were to stay in Elysi he wanted to feel a part of it. Magic is what he needed. And food. He snatched up a handful of dates, and sat beneath a large tree. Amidst the gentle forest sounds came a strange voice.
“Who’s there?” Tahir jumped to his feet and spun around.
When the voice came again it was faint and farther away.
“Oraden, is that you?”
He peered into the woods using all of his senses to determine the source of the sound. Diamond often told him there were no hidden dangers within the enchanted woods, but he wasn’t certain if he was still in Elysi or not. He decided to retrace his steps. Before he lifted a foot, three pixie dragons appeared before his face. He was startled, but relieved to see friends.
“Oh, hello. I thought you were Oraden.”
“We are not Oraden,” one of them replied.
They fluttered around his head as they usually did, making it difficult for Tahir to keep his eyes on them.
“Why aren’t you in the meadow?” he asked.
“We want to play.”
“I thought you stayed in the meadow.” 
“We go where we please,” another answered.
“Yes, where we please,” their voices pealed in unison as they all flew away.
“Wait!” Tahir called after them.
The three tiny dragons fluttered around in circles just above his head. They were constantly in motion. One would speak then dart away. Another would appear in its place seconds later. They crisscrossed in front of his face and orbited his head. He had to keep looking up—sometimes directly into the sun—while turning his entire body in circles. Just keeping at least one of them in sight was dizzying.
“Are there always pixie dragons in the woods?” Tahir asked.
“Usually,” one answered.
“If I get lost, can you show me the way back to the meadow?”
“Yes. Follow us.” They all flew away again.
“Wait. Come back!” Tahir shouted. He did not try to follow them, but waited for them to return. Only one came back. It fluttered around his face in its annoying manner. Tahir resisted the urge to fan it away with his hands. “Do you know where the sprites live?”
“Of course.”
“Will you take me there now, please?” Tahir asked.
“Yes.” The little creature darted away.
Tahir had to run to keep up with it. He stumbled over logs and fallen limbs, ducked under branches and spun in circles trying to keep the little dragon in sight. It darted behind trees and bushes, zigzagging in every direction. It was impossible to tell where he was going. Tahir wondered how he would ever learn his way around if he went a different route every time.
They finally reached a clearing. The pixie dragon circled Tahir’s head a few times before disappearing into the woods. Tahir looked around and found himself in the home of the sprites, but Rhykell seemed abandoned. He wandered the area searching for his miniature friends. He saw their little tree houses grouped together in a stand of poplar trees. He marveled at their craftsmanship from the ground. He wanted to climb up and have a peek inside.  When he found the sprites he would be sure to ask for permission. 
He noticed a circular area free of grass and shrubbery near the tree houses. Tahir smiled as he realized what he was looking at: A well-equipped outdoor kitchen. There were three little stoves and several little tables. He knelt down to examine the tiny utensils stashed in a small wooden box atop one of the tables. There were spoons, stirring sticks, bowls, plates, slightly larger pots and pans; everything his mother had in her kitchen. The same common kitchen supplies he was used to seemed so cute on a miniature scale.
Tahir couldn’t resist. His big fingers pinched the spoon handle and stirred imaginary soup in the miniature bowl. His smile faded. He ran his fingertips over the rim of the bowl. It was very similar to the one his mother had. He could see her cooking and hear the songs she used to sing. Humming it to himself, he turned the small spoon in the bowl as she used to do. He didn’t realize he was crying until a teardrop splattered into the bowl. As he put the utensils away he imagined the sprites using them, sitting here eating, talking and laughing with one another, telling stories and making music.
He wiped his eyes and left the gathering area and strolled toward the river. He focused on his surroundings and became aware of the many small animals that shared this clearing with the sprites. There were birds of many varieties, chipmunks, rabbits, squirrels; he even saw a lone aardvark lumbering from behind a shrub. Finally he heard voices near the river. He followed them past a grove of trees where he found several female sprites tending a garden. 
“Hello, Tahir,” one of the sprites called out.
“Hello.”
“Sorry we didn’t get to meet you the last time you were here.  We were out gathering food. Bennie and Sudlin couldn’t stop talking about you. I figured we’d get to meet you sooner or later.”
“What’s your name?”
“I’m Triah. This is Rassine, Reeny’s sister.”
“Lia was right, he is handsome.” 
The sprites giggled.
Tahir had no idea why they were giggling, so he just smiled and waved to the little women.
“Nice to meet you all,” he said. “Where is everyone else? I’ve been wandering around for the longest time and didn’t see anyone until I found you.”
“Oh, they’re all out hunting.”
“When will they be back?”
“As soon as they kill a kudu. That can take an hour, a day, or even a week.”
“How can such little people kill something so big?”
“Skill and practice. Killing one is the easy part, bringing it home is far more difficult.” Rassine explained.
“So what are you girls doing?” Tahir asked, just making conversation.
“It’s time to harvest the cotton. So we stayed behind to get it started.”
“Can I help?”
“Most certainly.”
The sprites taught Tahir how to pick cotton. What would have taken them days to harvest, Tahir managed to finish within a few hours. The few hours felt like minutes; the sprites had a way of making any chore fun. They talked and laughed, sang songs and told stories. They teased each other and had races and contests to see who could pick the fastest while balancing a piece of fruit on their head. Tahir was almost disappointed when the work was completed.
“Tahir, we need you around every time we pick cotton. This would have taken us forever without you.” Triah laughed as they carried the last of the cotton to the small tables where they would clean and divide it equally among the village.
“They’re back! They’re back! Come on!” Naurel jumped up and ran to meet her father.
Tahir watched as hoards of little people emerged from the forest. Each carried a sack draped over his shoulder. 
“Hi, guys. What have you got there? A kudu?” Tahir asked.
“Yep, want to help us get it ready?” Weiger asked. “We could sure use the help.”
“If you show me what to do.” 
“Sudlin, Tahir wants us to help him build a tree house for himself,” Triah explained. “He’s already helped us enough for one day. Look! He helped us pick all of the cotton and it only took a couple of hours.” 
“Is that right?” Sudlin inspected the pile of cotton on the table. “If that’s the case, we owe you a big favor, Tahir.”
“I didn’t mind helping. It wasn’t much like work at all.” 
“I already know the question. You want us to start preparations on the catch while you guys run off to build a tree house for your friend, right?” Mog grumbled. The stout little man with a full beard crossed his burly arms over his chest. He stood no taller than the rest of the sprites, but probably weighed twice as much. His broad shoulders and muscular square frame was quite distinct from the rest of the sprites. Except that about half of the sprites with him seemed to be built the same way. Until today, all the little people Tahir met, with the exception of Meelix, had lithe bodies and moved about as though their feet were strapped to the backs of obedient bunnies. 
“No. I wasn’t going to ask that. I was going to suggest that we hurry with the preparations so we could go build a tree house for our friend,” Sudlin lied.
“I do want a tree house, but it doesn’t have to be done immediately. It can wait until all the work is finished. I’ll help you. We could start the tree house tomorrow.”
“Now that’s the most practical idea yet,” another of the burly men said, shoving a sack in Tahir’s hand. “You can start by skinning the beast. Just grab a sack, pull out a piece of him, lay the skins out flat, and grab another sack until you’re finished.”
“Work, work, work, that’s all you ever want to do,” Bennie complained between bites of a seemingly giant radish. 
“And if it wasn’t for us, nothing would ever get done around here. Get to work! Everybody!”
Some of the sprites giggled and teased the stocky, less playful people. But soon they turned to the tasks that required immediate attention. As everyone worked, the sprites laughed, teased, and sang. The gruff, muscular people neither talked nor laughed. They frequently scolded the others for wasting time, insisting that they would be far more productive if they would just be quiet.
Tahir was amused by the relationship between the two groups of little people. He wanted to learn more about them. He grabbed a few sacks of meat and moved to where Meelix and Sudlin were working.
“Hey, Meelix, are you and these other guys sprites, too?”
“No, no,” he said. “I’m a gnome. Gnomes live here in Rhykell, too.”
“Are those other guys gnomes?” Tahir asked. He noticed that Meelix looked a bit different than the others; he was a slightly taller, and not nearly as bulky and square as the other stocky people.
“Yes, they are gnomes,” Meelix answered. “But I don’t spend a lot of time with them.”
“Why didn’t I see any other gnomes before?”
“We gnomes are designed to be hard workers. You probably wouldn’t see them much since they don’t typically play around with the sprites. Actually, I’m the only one who does.”
“You don’t get in trouble for not working?” Tahir asked. He never heard of anyone just not doing their chores before.
“I still do my fair share. But the sprites, I think, have a better way of working. You see, one day I was hauling stones to build a new well when I heard the most beautiful sound. I went to investigate and found sprites making music while they sewed. Oh, just wait until you hear Reeny play the violin. Sometimes he and Rassine play together and it’s like nothing in this world. Anyway, I watched them from a distance for a few weeks then decided to join them. They were more than happy to accept me as one of their own. So here I am.”
“Weren’t the other gnomes mad at you for leaving them?”
“Perhaps at first.” Meelix shrugged. “They’ve always accused me of being lazy anyway. I think they realized they were better off without me.”
“Do they have tree houses, too?”
“Oh, no.” Meelix laughed. “We aren’t really built for tree climbing. They make their homes underground. Just on the other side of those acacias.”
“Are there any other types of little people that live in Rhykell?”
Meelix and Sudlin pondered the question.
“Well, there is a dryad, but she’s not little, and she never plays with us. As a matter of fact, we rarely even see her.”
“And sometimes a gnome and a sprite will fall in love and a gnite is born, but they are rare,” Meelix explained.
“Yeah,” Sudlin agreed. “Those gnomes aren’t exactly loveable.”
“Or easy on the eyes!”
“I’m surprised they ever have any babies at all!”
All the sprites burst out laughing.
“What’s everyone laughing at?” Tahir was confused.
“The sprites can communicate with each other without actually speaking,” Meelix answered. “I keep telling them it’s rude if everyone can’t be part of the joke, but they still do it.”
“Oh.” Tahir nodded. “That is kind of…strange.”
“We don’t do it to be rude,” Sudlin said. “It just comes naturally.”
With the help of Tahir, the people of Rhykell were able to finish cleaning the meat and setting the skins to dry sooner than they would have thought possible.
“This is amazing! The sun hasn’t even begun to set and look, we’re almost done!” Bennie exclaimed, waving a piece of a carrot in the air triumphantly. “Tahir, you’re the biggest, best worker in all of Elysi!”
The sprites danced around Tahir and sang impromptu songs.
Cooyah! Cooyah!
The work’s all done
Thanks to Tahir
We can all have fun!
Fairies and Pixies
We can play
For Tahir came
And saved the day!
Tahir laughed at the silly sprites while the gnomes looked on impatiently.
“If you are quite finished, there’s still work to be done,” Wan said. “The meat still needs to be prepared, cooked, and preserved.”
“And we still need to divide the skins fairly, as well as clean and set up for supper.” Kewtan added.
“Why aren’t you glad that we finished early?” Tahir asked them.
“Because there’s still so much more to do!”
“Oh, jackal toes!” Bennie threw his hat at the gnome.
“Stop it and get back to work!” Mog ordered as the sprites danced around him making faces.
They finally settled down and everyone returned to their work. The women prepared supper; some seasoned and cooked the meat, others chopped and boiled vegetables over the fire, some gathered fruit and squeezed them for juice. The men cut and divided the skins evenly and carried each family’s share to their home. They chopped firewood, cleaned their weapons and tools, and finally began setting up the area for the meal. 
Tahir helped with various tasks. He was so fascinated by the sprites and gnomes; the food they ate, their strange symbiotic relationship, architecture, music and stories; he could not get enough. And unlike Oraden, they seemed to enjoy answering his endless questions. 
The sun made its way west and set the sky ablaze. One by one, stars blinked to life above them. Tahir joined the sprites and gnomes at the tables to enjoy the fruits of their labor. He ate slowly, savoring the delicious flavor of meat and his first cooked meal in a long time. It was the best food he’d tasted in weeks. 
The sprites and gnomes discussed the best way to build Tahir’s new house. They constantly argued amongst themselves, especially the gnomes, but no one seemed to get upset. 
“The first thing you need to do, Tahir, is to choose the perfect tree.” Bennie scanned Rhykell for a suitable tree.
“Yes, it should be one of the larger, stronger trees. Maybe one of those closer to the lake,” Meelix suggested.
“I was kind of thinking that I should build my house in the meadow,” Tahir said.
The sprites seemed shocked and disappointed by this revelation. 
“Well, only because Diamond and Ramah have taken me in as their own son,” Tahir quickly added. “They have been so nice to me. Even to let me stay in Elysi was against the rules, I guess. I couldn’t possibly disappoint them by building my house here. As much as I would like to, they may think I didn’t appreciate everything they have done for me. And besides, what about Oraden? He’d be very upset if I built my house here. He probably wouldn’t even help us.”
“Who cares what Oraden thinks? He just…”
“Wait a minute,” Sudlin interrupted. “It does matter what Oraden thinks. Oraden is Tahir’s friend: his first and best friend. And he’s our friend too, remember? If it weren’t for Oraden, Tahir wouldn’t even be here. I think you are absolutely right, Tahir. I would probably make the same decision myself. Your place is in Elysi. Rhykell is just for visiting.”
“Pixie wings!” Reeny shouted. “It’s only three throws of a dragon’s tail. You’re acting as though it’s half-way around the world.”
“That’s right!” Tahir added, happy that he didn’t have to argue with the sprites about where his house should be.
“It is settled then. As soon as you are ready, Tahir, go and pick the tree you like best in the meadow,” Sudlin said with finality.
“Just remember, it needs to be a big strong tree that will hold up through wind and rain,” Bennie said as he stuffed a handful of dried fruit in his mouth. “Not to mention bearing your weight,” he added, trying to stifle a laugh.
When darkness drifted upon them, it was decided Tahir would spend the night in Rhykell. Tomorrow they would head back to the meadow to determine the perfect tree for his house.
Meelix led Tahir to a nice spot and created a bed of leaves under one of the poplars. According to Meelix, just because you live in a forest with animals didn’t mean you should be without the comforts of civilization.
Tahir made himself comfortable in his temporary bed; it was as cozy as Meelix promised. As lights went out in all the little windows above him, Tahir imagined living in his very own tree house. He could climb up and hide. When he got angry with Oraden, he would have a comfortable place to be alone. He’d have a roof over his head and no longer have to sleep on the ground. He couldn’t wait to start building.


In the following days, Tahir, the sprites, gnomes and even Oraden worked diligently to build the treehouse. None of them had ever constructed something of that magnitude before, but the gnomes in particular were enthralled by the challenge. Before the new moon, construction was complete and Kewtan was giving his final inspection to Tahir's treehouse. It swayed slightly in the acacia by the stream where Oraden and his family typically slept. It was sturdy and beautifully constructed from bamboo with plenty of room for a boy to stretch out. 
Tahir laid the blanket from his village out to sleep on. He propped his weapons against the wall like he thought a great warrior would. He tried to arrange his few belongings in an organized manner. But no matter how he moved things around, they still appeared to be strewn about. He needed furnishings.
The gnomes taught Tahir how to make candles and furniture. The sprites helped him make blankets and eating utensils suitable for his human-sized hands. He tended the gardens in Rhykell and learned to grow his own. He learned to cook and do laundry. He even learned to make new clothes as he grew and wore them out. Though he never would have dreamed of doing such work in his village and never would have thought it fun if he had, in Rhykell there was no division of work between genders and the sprites had a way of making everything fun. 
As months turned into years, Tahir split his time between exploring with Oraden and playing in Rhykell. He became familiar with all the forests, meadows, creeks and valleys that made Elysi. He knew the animals, their ways and traditions. Tahir was home.
Chapter Eleven
J E V E R R E
Rhykell was utterly silent, save for Tahir’s countdown.
“…98, 99, 100!”
He began by looking under shrubbery and behind large plants and flowers. He checked a few tree houses and hollow logs then went to the lake and searched the shores. He peeked behind rocks and sifted through the tall grass. Not one sprite anywhere.
The game was becoming more annoying than fun. They were probably watching and laughing at him at this very moment. He didn’t want them to notice that he was not enjoying the game, so he went through the motions of pretending to look for them. They were so small and quick; even if he came close to one of their hiding places, they would be able to elude him. By this time he knew he would never be able to catch even one of them. Well, maybe Meelix, he thought. Suddenly a loud shuffling noise spread from the eastern woods. Maybe the sprites were giving him a little clue. 
He was walking nonchalantly toward the noise when he heard faint shouts from the woods nearest the lake. He switched directions. Just then there were more shouts. Stronger and closer. When several sprites came running from the woods, he smiled and waved; but they did not respond. A larger group of sprites flooded out of the woods at the upper end of the clearing. He set off running toward their tree houses, glancing over his shoulder to see if they were giving chase.
“Come catch me if you can!” he shouted. 
The sprites ran as fast as they could. They were all shouting at once, but Tahir couldn’t understand what they were saying. It didn’t matter; he was just happy to be playing with them instead of being alone. Tahir ran past the tree houses before slowing down to allow the sprites to catch up. He did a little dance, waving his arms and teasing them. Then he tripped over his own feet and stumbled to the ground. He jumped up and took off running again.
Rather than following, the sprites frantically scurried up the trees. Some shouted at him, while others shouted at each other. Tahir could not make out what they were shouting about, but by the looks on their faces, he knew they were not playing a game.
Something was wrong. Something was very wrong. The foliage behind the fleeing sprites shook far too violently to be caused by their petite bodies. In an eruption of fangs and saliva, two hyenas exploded from the brush. The frenzied predators scrambled in pursuit, snapping their frothing jaws around the tiny sprites.
Though small, the sprites were hardly helpless. Their nimble bodies and agile feet kept them far from the hyenas’ fangs. They jumped, flipped, and zigzagged around the hyenas, forcing them to stumble and crash into each other. Tahir marveled at their abilities; even in the face of danger, the sprites made everything look fun and graceful. One by one they disappeared into the trees. Five sprites remained on the ground, working as a perfectly orchestrated unit; they threw sticks, yelled, and leapt dangerously close to the hyenas’ faces.
Suddenly the hyenas’ attention was diverted; they barreled toward one of the trees, all but ignoring the sprites on the ground. Tahir’s eyes darted to see what captured their attention: Meelix. His stocky gnome body wasn’t made for tree climbing. He hugged the truck of an acacia, struggling to scoot up to the safety of its branches. The gnome’s face was red with strain and he was out of breath. His strong hands clawed at the bark, but it crumbled under his weight. He wasn’t going to make it. 
“Hurry up!”
“Come on Meelix!”
“You can make it!”
“Climb! Faster, Meelix! Faster!”
Tahir grabbed the biggest stick he saw and ran screaming toward the hyenas. His outburst startled them from their attack, but only for a moment. They stared the boy down, growling and flashing their razor teeth. The sprites threw stones at the stunned hyenas’ faces; although accurate, they lacked the strength to do any damage. They did however, provide enough distraction for Tahir to snatch Meelix up and shove him into his tunic before the hyenas could give chase.
“Hold on tight in there, Meelix.”
Tahir ran for his life with the hyenas snarling at his heels. It would be futile to try to fight them both with a stick, so he darted from tree to tree looking for a branch he could reach. He didn’t have another plan; he knew he couldn’t outrun them, or…
Just then, the sprites threw down a rope.
“Hurry, Tahir, climb up!”
Tahir tossed the stick and jumped onto the tree, kicking off the trunk to grab the rope. The jump gave him a good head start, putting him a few feet above the hyenas by the time they reached the tree. They circled, yelping and rising on their hind legs to nip at him. But Tahir had already climbed halfway up the rope and was out of their reach. Frustrated, the hyenas began their retreat. 
Tahir held tightly to the rope and watched them sulk away. He rested his head against his arm and sighed with relief. Just then, the rope creaked; he lifted his eyes and his heart stopped. Slowly, twine by twine, the rope was breaking.
Meelix poked his head up to see what was happening.
“Don’t move, Tahir.”
He couldn’t move, he couldn’t breathe, and he couldn’t take his eyes from the unraveling rope.
The sprites above him rushed to get more rope. They tied lengths together, doubling them up for added strength. A few seconds more and the hyenas would be out of sight. A few seconds more and they would have the new rope secured and lowered. A few seconds more, they would all would be safe. A few seconds more was something they simply did not have. 
The rope unwound quickly now; the few remaining strands snapped under Tahir’s weight. Time froze as Tahir plummeted to the ground. Meelix squeezed his eyes shut and clutched Tahir’s tunic, bracing himself for impact. Tahir gathered his wits in time to right himself before tumbling to his knees. The hyenas turned to see the boy sprawled in a cloud of dust.
“Run, Tahir!” Bennie shouted from above.
No sooner than the words left his tiny lips, the hyenas raced toward their fallen prey. Tahir jumped to his feet and bolted toward the lake. He had no plan, but running was a start. 
“Are you alright in there?” he yelled to Meelix.
He heard a faint response and kept running without ever looking back. He didn’t know where to go: there was nothing but open grass and the lake. He chanced a glance behind him. What little distance there was between him and the hyenas was quickly diminishing. He’d left the stick behind, and with it any chance whatsoever to stand up to two hyenas. His only choice was the lake. He had no idea how he’d survive the deep water much less the rippling waves of the lake, but there was no doubt that the hyenas would certainly kill him. He just prayed they would not follow him into the water. 
Tahir splashed into the water. He struggled against the waves with the hyenas cackling behind him. They charged in after him. He glanced back at their salivating fangs and trudged on as fast as he could, deeper into the water. The water rose to his chest; he suddenly remembered Meelix and pulled the small man sputtering and coughing out of his tunic and held him above the water. Tahir looked back at the hyenas again. They were closing in. He had no choice but to press further into the river, stumbling over rocks on the riverbed. He scrambled up the jagged rocks. Though they didn’t break the surface, they were big enough for him to stand on without fear of drowning. Tahir desperately searched for a means to escape…anything. He fished in the water for a loose rock. Some of the rocks were sharp, maybe he could use one as a weapon if only he could break one free.
“What are you standing on?”
“I dunno, Meelix! What difference does it make?” Tahir was in near panic. He frantically kicked at one of the dagger-like rocks trying to break it loose. The hyenas paddled closer. “What do I do, Meelix? I can’t knock one of these rocks loose!” he screamed over the yodels and snarls of the approaching pack.
“I don’t think those are rocks, Tahir!”
The waves rose and the rocks beneath him lurched, knocking Tahir to his knees. He cried out as he felt one of the sharp rocks slice into the flesh of his leg. The whole world seemed to shake. Tahir was thrown into the water and was tossed into the waves so that he couldn’t tell which way was up. He struggled to swim, to see through the bubbling water and seaweeds. He crashed to the bottom, his face dragging on the sandy floor. His lungs burned for oxygen. He twisted his body around and pushed his feet off the ground to propel himself toward the surface. Holding Meelix above his head, he flailed his legs in an attempt to keep his head above the water. Each was just able to gasp one life-saving breath of air before another wave knocked them back under. They tumbled beneath the waves, head over heels. Tahir never saw what hit him, but as he felt the blow against his skull, his world went dark.
Tahir’s hand went limp; the waves snatched Meelix away from his friend and the gnome struggled to swim in the troubled waters. He reached out and grabbed hold of a stand of seaweed. Though he was rocked and sloshed about, anchored by the thick plants he was able to occasionally push his head to the surface and keep from being swept into deeper waters. 
The waters finally began to calm. Still clinging to the plants, rocking with the settling waves, Meelix coughed and wiped his face. His hazel eyes scanned the water. The hyenas were gone, and so was Tahir.
“Tahir?” he called. “Tahir! Where are you?”
Before they were chased into the water, it had been a gloriously sunny day. But now, he realized, he was cast in shadow. A shadow that moved. A shadow that moved as though it belonged to something. Something big. The sprites on the shore were screaming and yelling, waving their tiny little arms, and shouting at Meelix. He couldn’t hear or understand what they were saying, but by their panicked expressions and the urgency in their voices, he knew he was not yet out of danger. He turned his trembling head in the direction that his shore-bound friends were pointing. Meelix stammered, lost his hold of his life line and scrambled to swim backwards, unable to take his eyes from the shadow’s owner. 
His eyes beheld a giant among giants looming above him. Its body was concealed beneath the waves, but its scaled and dagger-encrusted neck stretched far above him. Moving closer, its giant head swooped down to examine and sniff him. Its breath was hot and reeked of fish. Meelix screamed and punched the creature’s nose as hard as he could. The creature startled; Meelix dove under the water and swam as fast as he could toward the shore.
Reeny and Sudlin splashed into the water to help pull the stumbling Meelix onto the riverbank.
“Where’s Tahir?”
“I don’t know!”
“That monster must have eaten him!”
They half dragged Meelix far from the water’s edge then turned their attention to the lumbering giant. “What did you do to Tahir?”  Reeny demanded.
“Did you eat our friend?
The creature appeared shocked. 
“We may be small but our magic is not!” Lodell yelled at the beast as he and Rassine joined Reeny and Sudlin to face the monster.
“I know all about the magic of the sprites. And I didn’t eat your friend!” the creature replied in a deep, resounding, gurgled voice. The creature paused to think for a moment. “Well, I don’t think so…is your friend a fish?”
The sprites were taken aback by the surprisingly thunderous voice.  But they stood firm nonetheless. “No, he is not a fish! Why would we be friends with a fish?” Rassine asked with her fists on her hips. “Tahir is a human boy!”
“Why would I eat a human?” the creature’s face wrinkled in disgust. “Humans are hairy and have clothes and weird things on them. I wouldn’t want…”
“Then he must still be in the water!”  Sudlin yelled and dove into the river.
“Help us find him!” Reeny ordered the creature as he and the others plunged into the water in search of their friend. “He can’t swim!”
The creature obediently stuck its head into the river to search for a human boy. It snaked its long neck around searching the river bottom. It nervously looked under its feet, hoping it hadn’t unknowingly crushed the boy. He was no where to be found.
“I’m sorry, guys. I don’t see him,” the creature announced with true sorrow in his voice.
“He must be somewhere, keep looking,” Meelix pleaded. 
The sprites desperately continued their search. They plunged into the water over and over, searching the seaweed, digging in the sand, under logs, wherever they could think of. The creature searched just as diligently, but Tahir was gone.
“Good fairies! Where could he be?” Rassine and Triah began to sob.
* * * * *
Tahir lay supine and alone on the sandy shore. His head was propped up on a pile of grass and leaves. His eyes snapped open and his body convulsed as he coughed up water and gasped for air. Something in the water splashed, but when he looked, he saw nothing but the familiar river and trees of Elysi. He rolled onto his side to catch his breath. His head throbbed and his leg ached, but he was alive. He touched the sore spot on the back of his head, his fingers came away red. The cut on his leg, though painful, didn’t seem so bad that he shouldn’t be able to walk. On hands and knees, he paused to gather his strength while trying to remember what happened and how he came to this predicament; it was futile. His head was throbbing, blood was dripping down the back of his neck, and he needed to get back to Rykell and the sprites. He slowly rose to his feet, feeling a little dizzy and somewhat confused.  He looked around, realized the direction he needed to go and slowly staggered along the river bank.
As he rounded the the river bend, he was astonished by the sight before him. There, along the shore were the sprites gathered together weeping, hugging each other, and soaking wet. But the sight that caused Tahir to wonder if he had walked out of one nightmare and into another, was the gigantic head and neck of a scaly creature protruding from the water. Its massive head loomed over the tearful sprites. Tahir paused as he looked upon the unusual sight. He grasped his head with both hands, hoping to squeeze the figment of his head injury from his mind.
“Look! It’s Tahir!” Meelix  shouted.  All of the sprites rushed toward him with tears in their eyes. But Tahir couldn’t tear his eyes away from the giant. Rassine raced to him and climbed up his clothes and kissed his cheek. The sprites clung to his legs and clothing; relief and joy flooded them all. 
“We thought you were dead!” Rassine said as she hugged his face. “Oh, sweet fairies, you’re bleeding!”
“Uh, yeah. I’m okay…w-who is that?” Tahir asked, pointing a shaky finger at the giant monster.
“That’s Jeverre. He’s a Dracara!”
“You’re alive! I have never been so happy to see a human before. I thought I might have killed you by accident,” the creature said, revealing rows of long, sharp teeth in what Tahir hoped was an effort to smile.
“Hi,” Tahir squeaked apprehensively. “You’re a what?”
“Do you know what a dragon is?”
Tahir nodded.
“Well, I’m a dragon that lives in the water, but I can come on land for a little while. Humans call us Leviathan.”
“You are…so big,” Tahir said.
“Ah, I’m not so big. You should see my parents, especially my father. Now he is one big Dracara,” Jeverre said proudly.
Tahir sat down on the riverbank to allow Rassine to examine the cut on his leg. She discovered it was merely a flesh wound, but the injury to his head required some attention. She sent two of the sprites off to get herbs and bandages.
“So what happened, Tahir? Where did you go?” Meelix asked as he scooted to sit down next to Tahir. “You just disappeared. We were worried sick!”
“Sorry guys, but I don’t know what happened. I was standing on some rocks in the water when I lost my footing, I guess. I tumbled under the waves and the next thing I knew I was coughing up water around the bend.”
“Oh no, I’m afraid that was my fault.” Jeverre explained. “I was taking a nap when I felt something hitting me. It startled me because no one ever bothers me when I’m sleeping.  I guess when I jerked around to see what it was, I must’ve splashed too much and knocked you way over there.”
“That was you I was standing on?”
“I kept telling you those weren’t rocks!” Meelix laughed. “Tahir was climbing on you Jeverre, and trying to break off one of your spiky things.”
“Why would you do that?” Jeverre was dumbfounded.
“I thought you were a big rock or something. I didn’t know there were dragons in this river. And I didn’t know what else to do, the hyenas were chasing us and I needed a weapon or something!”
“Hyenas were chasing you?” Jeverre asked. “I didn’t think predators came around here.” 
“I guess it was our fault,” Sudlin began as he gestured toward the group of sprites. “You see, now and then we get bored. So this morning we started out playing hide and seek. We all ran into the woods to hide from Tahir. When we came upon the hyenas, we decided to tease them. Usually animals just ignore us or run away; but when we circled the hyenas and started throwing rocks at them, they charged us. It was kind of funny, really. Don’t you think?”
“You mean you guys started all of this? I almost broke my neck falling from the tree when the rope broke, almost got eaten by a couple of angry hyenas and nearly drowned, and got a big gash on my head! All because you guys were teasing some wild animals?” Tahir shouted.
“We didn’t mean for any of that to happen,” Bennie said pitifully.
“Yeah, like Sudlin said, usually they just ignore us or run away. I don’t think anything like this ever happened before,” Reeny explained.
“That is a very odd game.” Jeverre shook his head. “It seems foolish to play around with such ferocious animals like that. If rocks were being thrown at me for no reason, I’d be very angry too.”
“Jeverre is right,” Tahir said sternly, as he rubbed his throbbing head.
“And Tahir, it is just as foolish to jump into a river when you don’t know how to swim.” 
“I didn’t have a choice. If I ran into the woods, they would have gotten me for sure. Where else could I go?”
“I’ve seen other humans swimming. Why can’t you swim?” Jeverre asked.
“I just never learned, that’s all,” Tahir replied, irritated by the entire course of events. 
Rassine ordered Tahir to lie on his stomach so that she could attend to his head injury.  She crawled up on his neck and worked to clean the wound, apply medicinal herbs and secure it with bandages. Once the bleeding stopped, she saw it was only a small cut after all. He winced a few times from her poking and prodding, but remained still so she wouldn’t fall off.
“I thought once we got into the water, Tahir, you’d let me go. I may not be a sprite, but I do know how to swim. Thanks to you I almost drowned,” Meelix complained.
“Well, I’m sorry! I thought I was saving you,” Tahir glared at Meelix.
“I can teach you how to swim, Tahir,” Jeverre offered.
“Uh, no thanks. I’d better not.”
“Don’t be afraid. I promise I won’t let anything happen to you.”
“Yeah, come on, Tahir. We'll all teach you. It’ll be fun,” Reeny said excitedly.
“I’m not afraid. I’m just a little tired and my head still hurts. Let me rest for a while first.”  Tahir turned to Jeverre. “So, you said you are not from around here. Where are you from?” he asked, hoping to change the subject. He remained sprawled on his stomach, elbows on the ground, and chin resting in his hands, intensely waiting to hear Jeverre's story.
“Farther up, this river spills out into what some call the Mediterranean Sea. I live near an island in that sea.”
“What are you doing so far from home?”
“I guess you could say I’m on an exploration. My parents told me that a very long time ago this very river turned into blood. Most, if not all, of the creatures that lived here were killed. After that, the Dracara were afraid to enter the river. We have heard stories from other creatures who say that the river has been safe for years, and that animals and water creatures were flourishing again. But you know how parents can be. Mine are not afraid of the water itself, but that what happened once could happen again. They don’t want me around when, and if it does. I heard that the mers have been seen in the river, so I decided to see for myself. That’s how I ended up here.”
“Did you see any?” Bennie wondered.
“No, but that doesn’t mean they’re not here. There are lots of places to hide under water.”
“Are they friendly?”
“Oh, yes. I’ve never met one that wasn’t nice and friendly. Some live in the sea where I live. We play together all the time.”
“Wow, I never thought there was anything other than fish in the water,” Tahir remarked.
“Believe me, there’s a whole lot more than just fish in the water, especially in the seas.”
“Are you still going to look for mers?” Caan asked.
“I don’t know. Maybe tomorrow.”
“Can we go with you?” Meelix asked excitedly.
“How do you think we can go looking for mers with Jeverre? We can’t swim that well,” Figg addressed Meelix.
“You can if you want to ride on my back,” Jeverre answered.
The sprites were excited about riding on the back of a dragon, going deep into the sea looking for mers. There was nothing too risky or too dangerous for the sprites. 
“Wait a minute. What if you fall off?” Tahir asked.
“We won’t fall off. We can hang on to Oraden pretty well, don’t you think?”
“Yes, but if you fall off Oraden, you hit the ground. If you fall off Jeverre, you could be lost at sea.”
“You’re just afraid because you can’t swim. We know how to swim, so we won’t care if we fall off,” Meelix replied.
“Tahir, I do think you should learn to swim if you want to come,” Jeverre said. “Just in case.”
Tahir thought about missing out on the fun and adventure if Jeverre and sprites left him behind. He supposed now was just as good a time as any to learn. He felt somewhat confident that Jeverre would be better able to rescue him, if necessary, than the little sprites. And besides, what a story he’d have to go back and tell Oraden.
“Alright. What’s the first thing I have to do?”
Everyone cheered and applauded Tahir; they wanted him to join them on this spectacular and unexpected adventure.
Tahir showed remarkable bravery when it came to getting back into the water. Jeverre, having watched humans swim before, was able to talk Tahir through it. He was never more than an arms reach from Tahir. The sprites got into the water to show him how to kick his legs. With so much support and encouragement, Tahir was swimming without assistance within a few hours. He was so proud of himself. He couldn’t wait to tell Oraden all that had happened today.
Jeverre stayed a while longer. Then decided to get home early so there wouldn’t be any problem with him leaving first thing tomorrow morning. He promised to be back early to take the sprites and Tahir mer searching.
After Jeverre left, Tahir and the other sprites reclined under a large shade tree, discussing the day’s events, while snacking on fruit and berries.
“I’m getting kind of tired, Tahir yawned. “I have a long walk ahead and an even longer story to tell Oraden. Hey, maybe Oraden will want to come with us.”
“Yes, bring Oraden. That would be great!” 
“Anybody want to walk back with me?”
Bennie and Figg exchanged glances with one another. 
“Why?” Bennie asked as he cracked almonds on a rock.
“I might need some help convincing Oraden about Jeverre.”
“Sure, I'll walk with you. I’m still so excited about today and tomorrow that I probably couldn’t sleep anyway. Hopefully, after a nice long walk, I can fall asleep before I get my boots off,” Meelix replied.
“That’s not a bad idea, Meelix. Nothing like a leisurely walk to slow your rhythms down before bed, Figg added.”
Meelix, Sudlin, Bennie and Figg escorted Tahir to the meadow. They cheerfully reviewed the days’ events as they hiked their way back to the meadow. Once again they laughed at the way Tahir looked when the rope broke and he fell to the ground. Meelix recounted his horrifying experience in the pocket of Tahir’s tunic. They retold of how they all jumped into the murky river searching for Tahir. They wondered how Oraden and Jeverre would get along. They debated about what a mer would look like, and what adventures tomorrow would bring.
 They scanned the meadow for Oraden’s black silhouette amongst the auburn coats of the herd. 
“There he is!” Bennie shouted.
They all ran toward him, calling his name.
Oraden’s ears perked up. “What’s wrong?” he asked.
“You are not going to believe what happened today,” Tahir said.
“Well, tell me.”
They all began talking at once.
“Wait, a minute. I don’t know what you are saying. Tahir, tell me exactly what happened.”
The others reluctantly kept silent while Tahir told Oraden how he and Meelix were chased into the water by hyenas, thereby meeting Jeverre, and of their plans for the following morning.
Roddy grazed nearby with Kodah and some of the others. She feinted disinterest, but inched closer and closer to the commotion. She glanced over at her clique of friends. Kodah shot her a mean look, but Roddy’s curiosity out-weighed Kodah’s feud with Oraden. She abandoned her charade of grazing and trotted over to the gathering, leaving the others to make their jokes and sneers at Oraden’s expense.
“What’s going on?” she asked no one in particular.
The group fell silent. No one knew if, or how much they should tell Roddy. The sprites were well aware of the conflict between Oraden and the other unicorns. Though they had no ill feelings toward Roddy, they didn’t want her interfering with their plans for fear that they would be forced to leave Tahir and Oraden behind.
Oraden knew that his parents would not condone his traveling around with a Dracara searching for mers. He was certain that they would be just as protective of Tahir. If Roddy told Oraden’s parents, they’d be sure to keep a close watch over them.
“Come on, tell me,” Roddy pleaded. “I can keep a secret if that’s what you’re worried about.” 
“Nothing,” Oraden snapped. 
“Nothing sure is exciting to you, isn’t it? Come on, tell me. I want to know too.”
“You can’t tell anybody,” Tahir warned.
Oraden gave Tahir a look of disapproval. “Tahir, you don’t understand. You can’t tell her anything.”
“Oraden,” Roddy said, “please talk to me. I’ve always known that you wander outside of the oasis. I’ve listened to the stories you’ve come back to tell and imagined myself in those adventures with you. But you never included me. Please, Oraden, give me a chance. Tell me what’s going on. I promise not to tell anyone.”
“Alright Roddy. But if anybody finds out, I’ll know it was you, and I will make you very sorry.” Oraden’s horn and eyes glowed fiery red. He peeked over at Kodah and then led Roddy farther out of the bully’s earshot. Tahir and the sprites understood and followed. 
“Tomorrow,” Oraden said in a hushed voice, “we are going to meet a Dracara who will take us on a search to find mers.” 
Roddy was astonished. She had a million questions, but didn’t know what to ask first. She stared back and forth between Oraden and Tahir.
“What are mers?” she asked.
Tahir scratched his head. None of the sprites seemed to know either. They all looked to Oraden for the answer.
“Mers are human-like creatures that live in the water,” Oraden explained. “But they don’t breathe water like fish. They can come up on land, too. I’ve never see any, but I hear they are very strange-looking.”
The sprites exchanged excited glances.
“You are teasing me, aren’t you?” Roddy asked.
“No, it’s true. Really.” Tahir said.
Oraden sensed Roddy’s apprehension, which only added to his own. He was aware, as was Roddy, of how tricky the sprites could be. He wasn’t too sure about Tahir, though. 
“I’m not sure how much of this I believe, either,” Oraden said, looking at the sprites for signs of trickery.
“You have to believe us!” Bennie pleaded.
“Let’s see if I got this right. A Dracara is going to take a unicorn, a human, a gnome, and a herd of sprites into the river to find some mers. Is that the plan?” Ignoring the sprites, Roddy directed the question to Tahir.
Meelix and the sprites exchanged glances and burst into hysterical laughter.
“Yes. Well, almost. Everything except for the unicorn part.” Tahir replied, upset that Oraden didn’t believe him.
“Did I say I wasn’t going?”
“You act as if you don’t believe us.”
“I just know these sprites a little better than you do, and they always have tricks up their sleeves. How do I know they haven’t convinced you to help them trick me?” Oraden asked Tahir.
“What harm could it do to just go with them in the morning and see for ourselves?” Roddy asked.
Chapter Twelve
R E N D E Z V O U S
Far from the sanctuary of Elysi, a lone stag stood, majestic and full of health. Unaware of the fanged predator closing in, it nibbled casually from a fig tree. The wolf crept in the brush, closer and closer. While the stag dined on dry, bitter leaves, the wolf anticipated dining on its warm, juicy flesh. The thought made his mouth water; although he was anxious for fresh meat, he knew he must remain patient or his hours of stalking would be wasted. 
Long ago, the wise and powerful Dracara of the Skies, Xandero, had granted him incredible magic. Yet, despite his immense power and the thousands of years spent in the company of wizards, he was still a wolf at heart. Nothing compared to the steady build of anticipation as he stalked his prey, the struggle between hunter and hunted, and the taste of a fresh kill. His masters may have his life planned, but this is what he lived for.
Without a pack, the kill would not be easy, but he learned from other lone hunters that stealth and patience were key. He would soon dine on venison. The time had come. He readied his legs and dug his paws into the ground. 
“Alexander!”
Demetrius’ voice seemed as loud as thunder and pained his ears. He watched the frightened stag bound from view.
“Humans,” he snarled under his breath and emerged from hiding.
“Ah, there you are.”
“Will you never comprehend even the basics of stealth, Demetrius?” Alexander snarled.
“I’m sorry, but who needs stealth when you have magic?” He squatted to scratch Alexander’s ears and throat. “I have word that our guests will be arriving soon. Come, friend. I’ve been doing some hunting of my own. We shall have a feast! It should more than make up for your lost deer.” Demetrius chuckled as he stood up and the two returned to their camp.
It’s been centuries since their first encounter—back when Demetrius was no longer a boy but not quite a man. They met shortly after Demetrius discovered his magic and defeated the dragon Netiro to liberate his people. The village was long gone; his friends and family dead for hundreds of years. If it were not for the company of Alexander, the loneliness probably would have driven him mad. Li’Ang and Xanderick brought them together for reasons he could not begin to understand at the time. Across the years they’d grown and learned from each other. Now, after centuries of study and practice, teaching and observing, they were nearing the time to fulfill their destinies.
Alexander stopped and stared in disbelief. Demetrius smiled at his friend’s astonishment.
“A hippopotamus?” Alexander looked at Demetrius quizzically. “You tracked a hippopotamus in these forests?”
“Who said anything about these forests? I am not bound by space. You know this.”
Alexander trotted over to the slaughtered hippo, and rose to his hind legs, resting his front paws on the creature’s massive side to inspect it. There were no marks or wounds; it died peacefully as he expected from Demetrius. More importantly, it was still fresh. Alexander smiled a wolf-like smile and wagged his tail.
“All for me?”
“Well, you must share with Xanderick, he is, after all, our guest.”
“Xanderick does not know how to share.” Alexander hopped down from the hippo, frowning at Demetrius. “Furthermore, each time we see him, he seems to have grown larger. He’s likely to eat the entire thing.”
Demetrius laughed. 
“While that may very well be true, should I have captured two hippos? One for a fat Dracara and one for a greedy wolf? There will be plenty for all, I assure you. Now stop moping and help me prepare.” Demetrius tossed Alexander his favorite black kimono.
Alexander grumbled a bit, then quickly transformed into human form to assist Demetrius in the preparations for Li’Ang and Xanderick’s arrival. The two worked efficiently, using magic as needed to create a beautiful table to accommodate their guests. The table was large and sturdy to support the incredible amount of food Xanderick would surely eat. Demetrius decorated it with flowers from around the world and candles that emitted the sweet fragrance of jasmine. Alexander built a massive spit and used magic to rotate it continuously; thereby freeing his hands to season the hippo with his private collection of ancient spices grown from the gardens of Atlantis.
“She needs to cook slowly, Demetrius,” Alexander called out to his friend. “I do not believe she will be ready in time.”
“’Tis nothing a wave of the hand cannot remedy, my friend.” Demetrius didn’t need to see Alexander to know he was shaking his head.
“Magic is not always the answer. Hippos taste best when they are allowed to turn slowly and marinate in their own juices…”
Demetrius laughed.
“She won’t taste as good Demetrius, mark my words.” Alexander knew he was wasting his breath and begrudgingly used his magic to decrease the cooking time of the large beast.
Demetrius laughed to himself as he prepared fruit, berries, vegetables, and bread. He made tea and set out his finest wine. For desert, ambrosia from a recipe he learned while in Greece. After all was set, and he was satisfied with the final touches, he sat down to play his lute and wait for his guests to arrive. He didn’t have to wait long: one of the benefits of being blessed with the burden of foresight.
“This is a feast fit for gods, Demetrius! You’ve outdone yourself once again,” Xanderick’s voice thundered above them.
“I’ve never known a man who loved to cook and entertain as you do,” Li’Ang said. Jubó, her servant and guard, helped her out of the elaborate carriage harnessed to two winged sabres she called Star and Swift.
“Why, thank you Xanderick, Li’Ang, it’s an honor and a pleasure.” Demetrius bowed gracefully as they approached. The earth trembled with each of Xanderick’s steps.
“Alexander, my prized student! How are you? Demetrius isn’t corrupting you with his human tendencies, is he?”
“Be nice, Xanderick,” Li’Ang scolded with a smile.
“Even if Demetrius tried, I would not have it. No worries.”
“Please sit everyone. You too Jubó. Join us, you will find no danger here,” Demetrius said as he filled the goblets with wine. “Alexander, will you fetch the water bowls and pitcher that our guests may wash their hands?”
Alexander left as Jubó unhitched the sabres so they were free to roam and dine as well. Once everyone was seated at the table, Demetrius lead them in prayer and they began their feast.
They talked as old friends do of yesteryear, the ways of the world, new discoveries and adventures. They were old friends, true enough, but this was not a casual visit. When all that remained was the tea and ambrosia, Li’Ang decided it was time to discuss the reason for their gathering.
“The winds of time are blowing Demetrius. We are at the very eve of the hour.”
“Li’Ang, you speak as though it were tomorrow,” Demetrius replied.
“Time waits for no one.” Xanderick growled. “Not even I, in all my great power, can slow it for even a heartbeat. Do not underestimate the enemy.” 
“Do not worry, Xanderick, I have not been a boy for many centuries. I have taken the task you have given me quite seriously and given it much thought.”
“You are but a child in comparison to Li’Ang and myself…”
“Xanderick,” Li’Ang interrupted. “We selected Demetrius with good reason, if we do not trust him, then we do not trust ourselves.”
“Hmph.”
Li’Ang ignored Xanderick’s snorts and turned to Demetrius. “Tell us of this boy you have chosen.”
“His name is Tahir al-Din.” 
“Al-Din?” Li’Ang put her finger to her lips contemplating. “Is this…?”
“We are not certain,” Alexander answered. “However, it is likely.”
“Not long ago, his village and its entire people were destroyed,” Demetrius continued. “Alexander rescued him and allowed him to embark on a journey alone to England. We were able to guide him to Elysi instead, where he will become a man, raised by unicorns, gnomes and sprites. He will know nothing of greed or vanity or selfishness. His love of animals, magic, and knowledge will inspire him to greatness. He has already learned much from the residents of Elysi, and is eager to learn more. Soon he will be ready to leave for England where he believes he will become a great warrior, gain glory and fame, and rescue fair damsels.” Demetrius and Alexander glanced at each other and chuckled.
“And what is your plan?” Xanderick asked.
“I will not interfere with the ways of the world. History will run its course; mankind will continue as it would. When the time comes, he will lead our people to safety and defend us against the Evil of Egypt.”
“Are you suggesting what I think you are?” Li’Ang asked suspiciously.
“We have reason to believe he is the one we’ve been looking for.” Demetrius smiled.
“What proof do you have?” Xanderick scoffed. “I am not so quick to put my trust in the dreams of a blind man, Demetrius.”
“Though my eyes weaken, my vision has never been clearer. These ‘dreams’ as you call them, have yet to be proven wrong.”
“Luck.”
Demetrius rolled his eyes.
“When I found him in the Sahara, I spoke to him in several different languages. Within minutes he could understand everything I said,” Alexander explained.
“Unimpressive. So he can pick up on a few languages? Is that all the evidence you have?”
“He learns quickly, although we have yet to truly test him. He has the aid of the black unicorn of legend, the sprites, gnomes and a new-found leviathan friend.” Demetrius explained. “He has been under the watchful eyes of Alexander, Nayani and the fairies in Elysi, who can attest to his purity.”
“I suspect he has also attracted the interest of those we would prefer he did not,” Alexander added. “Now, whether they are drawn to him or the Eye in his possession, I do not know.”
Li’Ang’s eyes grew wide.
“Now, that is interesting.” Xanderick hissed. “If he is who you suggest he is and he is with the black unicorn and the Eye, they would be quite the prize for our adversaries.”
“I share Xanderick’s concern.” Li’Ang’s brow furrowed. “You dance with venomous snakes, Demetrius. One misplaced step and the dance is over. They should be separated immediately!”
“Elysi is one of the largest and most elusive fairy havens I am aware of. There are few places that could protect them better. Besides, I think they are good for each other.” Demetrius explained. “They have bonded and have much to learn from each other. I foresee their strength being drawn from each other.”
“But if they are being sought, it is only a matter of time before they are found.”
“I was able to divert them for now. Alone, the unicorn was venturing far from Elysi,” Alexander said. “His wandering made it easy to bring them together, but he was becoming quite the thorn in my paw. Since they’ve become friends however, they have, for the most part, stayed within the safety of Elysi.” 
“We are placing much into the hands of an unknowing child, Demetrius.” Li’Ang shook her head and tapped the table nervously. “The Counsel would not approve. Should we not at least take the Eye to a safer place?”
“Alexander was unable to reach the boy’s village in time to protect him. The Eye may very well have been the only thing that kept him alive. I don’t think it would be wise to take it. No, it would be better to have it protecting him, than hidden away for our enemies to find.”
“I don’t like this,” Xanderick grumbled. “Trusting one of the Eyes to a child…It’s far too risky!”
“It’s been in his possession since he was a baby,” Alexander explained. “If they couldn’t find it when he was in an unprotected trading village, how would they find it hidden within the shroud of the dryad?”
“Besides, taking risks is in your bloodline, Xanderick, and we’ve gained a powerful ally because of it. Would you not agree?”
Li’Ang and Xanderick looked at Alexander.
“Can you not tell me more of what you have foreseen?” she asked.
“If you desire assurance that he is the one we have been looking for, and that he, the Eye, and the Black Unicorn will be safe in Elysi, then feel assured.”
Li’Ang sighed and nodded her approval. “I will not doubt your visions, Demetrius. I will support you in this matter. Xanderick?”
“I will accept it for now, but I am wary. Not every risky plan has worked out so well, and there are always consequences to taking such risks. At this time I will withhold certain information from the Elders, and I suggest you do the same, Li’Ang. But at the very first sign of trouble you are to notify me immediately.”
“Of course,” Demetrius smiled. “I’d have it no other way.”
“Who is this Dracara of the Seas the boy has befriended?”
“He is a youngling called Jeverre,” Alexander answered. “Most likely one of the Jeve bloodline; they are in closest proximity to Elysi.”
“Indeed. Then his father is Jevelian. I will speak to him. The more eyes watching this human the better.”
The wizards all nodded in agreement.
“Now, tell me what you have seen for the one called Kraven,” Li’Ang demanded.
“Kraven? I do not know this name.” Demetrius looked to Alexander; the wolf-man shrugged.
“If he has not drawn your attention, perhaps he is not the threat we feared. Nonetheless, Amalia saw fit to bring forth her concern.”
“The instructor at Asymptier?”
Li’Ang nodded.
“Yes, Amalia. Brilliant sorceress, patient instructor, a beautiful woman: she taught me much of what I know,” Demetrius said.
“Yes. I take her words quite seriously. She has brought to my attention a student with a dark past who recently left Asymptier abruptly. You should remember him, Alexander.”
“The boy?” Alexander scoffed. “That was many years ago. I hardly thought of him since I dropped him off there.”
“Amalia said he possessed great potential but was arrogant, had a seemingly insatiable thirst for power. He also expressed too much interest in the dark arts. She tried to keep him under her supervision and teach him discipline, but when she refused to teach him certain spells, and denied him certain knowledge, he became angry and left. Unguided, he could venture off and discover that which he should not.”
“Interesting. Do we know where he is now?” Demetrius asked.
“He abandoned the school only a few weeks ago.” Li’Ang explained. “I have been informed he is eager to learn and is searching for guidance. If you can find him and teach him, he may be a powerful ally.”
“He could also become a dangerous enemy,” Xanderick interjected. “Li’Ang and I do not have time to take on a troublesome underling. If you think you can handle him, I offer you the challenge; if not, I will eliminate the threat swiftly.”
“This is why I have convinced Xanderick to offer you the opportunity to locate and mentor Kraven. I do not want bloodshed, Demetrius. However, I do agree this matter requires immediate attention, and if you do not think you can teach him, I will be forced to allow Xanderick to handle it his way.”
“We cannot kill a young man because we fear he may become a threat.”
“Normally, I would share your feelings, Demetrius. However, I fear our benevolence may very well bring about our demise; our enemies have grown exorbitantly strong. We have foiled many of their plans, but we have allowed far too many misguided wizards to slip through our fingers. We may soon be out-numbered and fighting for our lives.”
“To defeat our enemies we must become them?” Demetrius shook his head. “No. I will send Alexander to track this ‘Kraven.’  After observing him we will decide what is best.”
“Wise decision, Demetrius.” Li’Ang nodded to Jubó. The man moved like a shadow to retrieve a scroll from the coach. She gestured for him to hand it to Alexander. “This belonged to Kraven, perhaps it will be of assistance.”
Alexander sniffed the scroll; Li’Ang and Jubó’s scents were strong. There was also Amalia’s scent, ink, parchment, cedar and a few herbs. Then one faint human scent from a distant memory. He unrolled the scroll and smelled inside; the scent was stronger. That was Kraven. He nodded to Li’Ang.
“Go quickly, and may the fairies fly with you.”
Alexander leapt into the air. In the blink of an eye he transformed into an owl. He disappeared into the darkening sky leaving his kimono to billow down to the table. It was many days’ travel to Asymptier, but he could fly at speeds far surpassing what he could by foot. Energized by the evenings meal, he’d likely travel through the night before resting. 
“Is there nothing more?” Xanderick arched his corpulent body and yawned. “I think we have covered everything we intended to accomplish at this meeting.”
“I agree. Jubó, ready Swift and Star.” Li’Ang answered.
Jubó bowed deeply and whistled for the sabres.
“I will update the Elders of Fire with most of what you have told me, Demetrius. The dinner was superb as usual.” Xanderick rubbed his full belly.
“When the boy is ready, summon me,” Li’Ang said. “I would like to meet him before he makes his return to civilization.”
“As you wish; when the time comes, you will know.”
The dragon flapped his leathery wings and took to the sky, vanishing in a swirl of dust and smoke. Li’Ang, escorted by Jubó, entered her coach and readied herself for her flight home. Jubó quickly took command of the creatures. He uttered a few indistinguishable noises, and Swift and Star took a running start before leaping into the darkening sky. 
Chapter Thirteen
D I S C O V E R Y
With Tahir leading the way, the three adventurers traveled to Rhykell. They found the sprites already up and at their spritish games.
“Hey! Over Here!” Meelix shouted when he saw them. “No sign of Jeverre yet, but it’s still early.”
“I’m sure he’ll be here soon,” Tahir called out.
“Maybe he forgot,” Roddy said.
“He didn’t forget! He’s our friend.” Meelix gave Roddy a shove.
“Well, where is he then?” Oraden asked.
“He didn’t say exactly when he would be here. We have nothing else to do all day anyway; we can just play around until Jeverre gets here,” Tahir suggested.
“Cooyah! Cooyah!” The sprites all cheered in agreement.
“Let’s go swimming!”
“Let’s play swamy!”
“Let’s race!”
“Look, Meelix!” Tahir pointed to several gnomes emerging from the east side of the woods. “Let’s see what they’re doing.”
“No, no, no. The gnomes are boring, Tahir.” Sudlin explained. “Why do you think Meelix always plays with us?”
“But I want to know more about them.”
“What’s to know? All they think about is working. Is that what you want to do today?”
“It couldn’t hurt for me to talk to them for a while. I’m living here now, so I should learn as much as I can about everything and everybody who lives here. Right, Oraden? That’s what Diamond told me.”
“I guess so,” Oraden grumbled. “At least until ‘Jeverre’ shows up.” 
They all walked toward the group of burly little people. 
The gnomes carried lumber and a freshly slaughtered rabbit. They paid no attention to the sprites or their strange company.
“Good morning Wan, Mog, Kewtan.”
“Good morning, Meelix. I see you’ve done nothing productive this morning. As usual,” Wan grumbled.
“Hello,” Tahir knelt down by the marching gnomes. “What are you doing?”
“Work, work, work. That’s all they ever do,” Figg teased.
“And all you sprites ever do is waste precious time playing and goofing off when you could be productive.” Wan scolded. “I am amazed you are able to survive. We trap food, hunt, build, and farm. You sprites play, sing, and dance, and then expect us to help you when trouble arises.”
“At least we are not grumpy all the time. Talk about the waste of a precious day,” Bennie scoffed.
“Have any of you ever seen a water dragon?” Oraden asked.
“A water dragon?”
The gnomes looked at each other with raised brows. Kewtan rubbed his coarse beard.
“No, don’t believe so. Heard of dragons around these parts but never seen one. Why? Have you?”
“No. But Tahir and these sprites think they saw one. They tricked me into coming here to meet him. I didn’t think he was real, but…”
“He is real!” Tahir jumped to his feet. “You’ll see; he’ll be here soon!”
“Where in the name of pixie did you find a water dragon?” Mog asked.
“More like he found us,” Sudlin explained.
The sprites recounted the previous day’s adventure that led to the discovery of Rhykell’s first known water dragon. 
Although the gnomes were usually too preoccupied with their work to listen to the sprites’ silly stories, occasionally the story was just too good to ignore. This was one such occasion. One by one, they abandoned their tasks to listen to the dramatic events unfold. The sprites were excellent storytellers: they acted out parts, recreated sounds, and embellished the tale with poetic expressions. Even Tahir, who had witnessed the events, was spellbound.
“If you sprites don’t use magic, don’t you at least keep your weapons with you?” Wan folded his arms and flashed a disapproving look at each one of the sprites. “Why didn’t you shoot the hyenas with an arrow, or use a slingshot?”
The sprites mumbled excuses and avoided eye contact with the fatherly figure.
“We…uh…kind of lost them,” Bennie finally admitted.
“Lost them? What is the point of having weapons if you aren’t prepared to use them? Especially while playing dangerous games with carnivores. And you Meelix!” Wan continued. “I shouldn’t be surprised if these sprites get you killed one of these days.”
“Bah! Don’t be ridiculous,” Sudlin said with a wave of his hand. “You know we take good care of Meelix. Besides, he doesn’t have to do anything he doesn’t want to do.” 
Wan threw his arms up and stormed away, disgusted by the sprites’ irresponsibility.
“Wait a minute,” Tahir said abruptly. “You guys use bow and arrows?”
“Of course. We also use slingshots, traps, and spears to hunt rabbits, squirrels, jackalopes, fish, you name it.”
“On occasion, we may have to use our weapons in self-defense.” His face wrinkled into a frown as he turned toward the sprites. “But not very often, and never within the boundaries of Elysi unless you lead predators here.”
As Tahir and Mog discussed hunting methods, the others went back to work. Wan disappeared into their underground home, but resurfaced a few minutes later. He called a few sprites over to assist him, scolding them all the while. Tahir noticed the commotion, but was enthralled to learn how people so small could capture and kill such large game and defend themselves against ferocious predators.
“Hey, Mog! Tahir! Come over here!” Figg shouted.
Tahir and Mog jumped up and ran, expecting to see Jeverre.
“What’s going on?” Tahir asked.
“Look. Wan made this for you.” Figg pulled something from behind his back.
“What is it?” He knelt down next to Figg to get a closer look.
“It’s a slingshot,” Wan answered, snatching the weapon from Figg. “It is a weapon to fend off hyenas, or anything else for that matter.”
Reeny, Sudlin, and Wan looked about for stones.
“How does it work?” Tahir asked.
“It’s very simple,” Wan explained as Reeny handed over a  perfectly smooth stone.
“You just put the rock in like so…” Wan placed it carefully in the slingshot and then handed it to Tahir. He pulled out his own slingshot to demonstrate. “Then you spin it like this.” His slingshot twirled faster and faster above his head. Tahir could hear the weapon whistle in the wind.
“When you’re ready to fire, just aim…and…” Wan jerked his arm; the stone flew to strike a nearby tree.
“Wow!”
“Cooyah!”
“Whoa!”
“Excellent shot, Wan!”
“Now you try it, Tahir,” Wan said. “Target the same tree I hit.”
Tahir stood up and spun the slingshot. “Like this?” he asked, as it circled above his head.
“Yes, that’s good. Now keep your eye on the target, and use your wrist to fling it.”
Tahir fired the stone. It had incredible speed but missed the tree entirely.
“That’s not bad for a first try. Next time make sure your arm and your eye are aiming for the same thing.” Wan explained. “Try it again.”
“All right, I think I got it now.” Tahir eagerly accepted another stone from Wan. “Watch this.”
He placed the stone in the slingshot and spun it. He eyed his target, and then checked the position of his hand. After a small adjustment, he focused on the target and fired. The blow knocked bark off and left a notch in the tree.
“Wow! Perfect shot, Tahir!” Figg exclaimed.
All the sprites cheered; even Oraden danced. 
“That was very good Tahir. You look to be a natural. With a little practice, it should come effortlessly.” Sudlin scampered up the tree to examine the point of impact. “I don’t think I have ever seen such force before. With that speed, you may be able to knock an enemy off his feet!”
“It’s true! The gnomes are very good with slingshots, but I have never seen them kill anything with one. But, I bet you could,” Bennie added. He rummaged through his pockets for snacks.
“I think it’s just because I’m bigger,” Tahir said humbly. 
“Maybe so. In any case, now you will be able to defend yourself and these trifling sprites. Just keep practicing,” Wan said. “I’ve wasted enough valuable time here. I have so much to do.”
“Thanks, Wan!” Tahir called to the retreating gnome. Wan never looked back.
“Here, Tahir, try it again.” Bennie offered Tahir another stone.
“No, I want a bigger one this time.” He looked around for larger stones. “This one should be just right. Stand back everyone.”
He readied his slingshot, took aim and fired. Another direct hit! His friends cheered him on again. He couldn’t have been more pleased with himself. “Oraden, did you see that? I can’t believe it. It really is easy.”
“That was great Tahir. You look like you’ve been doing it all of your life,” Oraden said with genuine interest.
Tahir was ecstatic. He’d grown so accustomed to Oraden being impatient—and even rude with him, that it was twice as satisfying to see his friend show true excitement about his accomplishment. Even if Jeverre never showed up today, earning Oraden’s respect would mark this as one of his best days in Elysi. 
“So now what?” Roddy asked.
“Well, we were supposed to meet a dragon, but I guess the plans have changed,” Oraden replied.
“So what are we going to do now, sit around and watch Tahir throw rocks all day? What else do you guys do when you are gone so long?” Roddy asked, eager to start her first adventure.
“Let’s see. What shall we do while we wait for Jeverre?” Tahir thought out loud, shoving the slingshot in his pocket.
“Oh, I know. Let’s go swimming!” 
“I can go swimming by the meadow. Isn’t there something more interesting to do?” Roddy asked.
“Most of the time we don’t plan things. They just happen.”
“Oh, I understand now. I think that you just go off, hang around doing nothing in particular, and come back with a few made-up stories.”
“Why would we do that?” Oraden asked.
“To make the rest of us jealous.”
“You are being ridiculous, Roddy. Since when do I care what others think anyway? I didn’t ask you to come here, remember? You asked me. You are more than welcome to go back to the meadow and graze with the other boring unicorns.”
“I didn’t say I wanted to go back. I said I want an adventure. Tahir and these sprites promised a dragon. I see no dragon. So where’s the adventure?”
“Well,” Sudlin added. “It does appear that we have nothing at all to do. Now why do you suppose that is?”
“Want to go bother the hyenas again?”
“NO!”
“Want to ride some jackalopes?”
“I can’t ride a jackalope, and neither can Oraden or Roddy,” Tahir said.
“Let’s just take a walk and see what happens. That’s usually how our adventures begin.” Oraden said, matter-of-factly.
“That’s right! We don’t plan adventures. That’s probably why Jeverre hasn’t shown up yet. We made a plan with him and plans never work out right.” Lugg said.
“I say let’s get out of here,” Meelix suggested.
“But what if Jeverre comes and we’re not here?” Tahir asked. “Maybe we should hang around a little longer. Give him a chance.”
“If we’re walking along the riverbank, either he’ll see us or we will see him,” Bennie suggested, with a mouthful of seeds.
“That sounds like a good idea to me,” Tahir agreed. “I can practice my slingshot while we walk. Are you coming Oraden?” He didn’t bother to ask Roddy; one stuck-up unicorn friend was enough for anybody.
“Isn’t that what I suggested in the first place?”
Roddy brought up the rear as they started along the riverbank. She was disappointed; this was nothing like the adventures Oraden spoke of on several occasions. She’d always suspected Oraden was making up his stories. Now, after spending most of the morning doing nothing, she was convinced that Oraden and Tahir were lost in their own delusional world. She didn’t want to waste the rest of the day walking along a riverbank, going nowhere in particular, looking for dragons and mers that didn’t exist.
“I’m going home.”
“I thought you wanted to see what we do all day,” Oraden replied.
“I’m not impressed with what I’ve seen so far. If this is any indication of what the rest of the day is going to be like, I’d just as soon go back to grazing with the other ‘boring’ unicorns.”
“Have it your way. I don’t have to prove anything to you. I thought you wanted to go on an adventure with us, but all you want is a report to go run off and tell my parents!” Oraden yelled.
“Let her go,” Tahir said. “It’s better this way. She doesn’t have anything to tell anyway.”
“Fine, run home. But if I hear that you have mentioned our plans to anyone, you will be very sorry.” Oraden snorted, turned and continued on his way.
Roddy galloped away without another word. 
Along the way, Tahir picked up stones suitable for his slingshot. Some he put in his pocket and others he fired off into the river. He was concerned about hitting a small animal if he shot into the trees or bushes, so he continued to shoot into the water, claiming that Jeverre might show up and take notice of them. The unusual group walked along talking, laughing, telling stories, joking, and enjoying themselves. Before long, Tahir realized the landscape had changed dramatically. 
There were no trees. Only a scattering of plants clutched the parched ground. What had been a sandy-loam soil was now loose sand that shifted under his weight and billowed with the wind. Without the canopy of trees the sun was blistering hot. Tahir looked back at the oasis. It was as if stepping into another room. One held a beautifully dense forest and the other a scorched, barren land. 
“Have you guys been here before?”
“Of course. There’s really nothing here though. We do need to watch out for crocodiles. Usually they stay in the water, but occasionally they come out to sun themselves,” Meelix explained.
“It’s so strange…all those trees in the middle of the desert like that.” Tahir said.
Oraden came to a sudden stop. He turned to look behind them. The rest of the company stopped and looked back, too.
“What’s wrong, Oraden?” Bennie asked.
Oraden ignored the inquisitive sprites and stepped over to Tahir. 
“What did you say?”
“I said it looks strange to see trees right in the middle of the desert,” Tahir repeated.
“You can see that?”
“What? The trees? Of course I can see it. Can’t you?”
“I can see it because I have magic. Only those who have magic can see Elysi from the outside.”
“That means I have magic?” Tahir exclaimed. “I have magic! Isn’t that great Oraden?” Tahir jumped with excitement, and the sprites joined in too. Tahir ran to Sudlin and scooped him up in both hands. “Sudlin, do you see it? I have magic now! I can see Elysi.”
“Yes, yes I see it, too. Now put me down.”
Tahir placed the little sprite back on the ground. “I’m so excited I don’t know what to do!”
“Tahir?” Oraden interrupted his dancing. 
“Oraden, do you know what this means?” Tahir skipped toward Oraden waving his arms for emphasis. “It means that I finally fit in. I belong here. I’m not just a visitor in the magical forest anymore!”
“Hey, that’s right,” Meelix said. “You are one of us now.” 
“Tahir?” Oraden called again. “What kind of magic do you have?” 
“Oh.” Tahir was caught by surprise. He hadn’t thought about the powers he might possess. “I, I don’t know. How do I find out?”
“I don’t know. Do you feel any different?” Lugg asked.
“How could he feel any different? He might have had magic all along,” Oraden answered for Tahir.
“No, I haven’t. I would have known, don’t you think?”
“Hmm, maybe.”
“What kind of magic can other people do?” Tahir asked as an afterthought.
“We don’t really know any other humans. But I can tell you that there are very powerful ones out there. Some good and some you want to stay as far away from as possible,” Meelix explained.
“It doesn’t matter what anybody else can do anyway. We need to figure out what kind of magic you have.” Oraden said.
“Let’s see. Oh, maybe I can breathe under water. You guys said I learned to swim really fast.”
“Of course you did,” Bennie laughed. “You had a satchel of sprites and a water dragon teaching you.”
“And don’t forget you nearly drowned a few minutes before that,” Meelix reminded him. “I wouldn’t try that if I were you.” 
“Maybe I can fly!” Tahir said. They all laughed at the thought of a human flying.
“Go ahead, try it. Take a running jump and soar through the air!”
“Alright, I will. Stand back; give me a little room.”
“Take your time, we’re in no hurry,” Oraden said as he and the sprites took a few steps back.
Tahir stood still; concentrating on taking his first flight. He cleared his mind, blocked out the giggles and murmurs, and then took off running as fast as he could. When he leaped into the air he stretched his body out, reaching for the sky. With his eyes closed, he willed himself higher and higher. He could feel himself flying…until he thudded to the ground.
“You looked ridiculous!” Oraden laughed. 
Tahir coughed and spit out sand.
“Try again!” someone called out through hysterical giggles.
“Yeah, maybe you did something wrong that time. Go ahead, try again.”
“Stop laughing at me!” Tahir picked himself up and wiped the dirt from his face. “I really think I can do this. I felt something…This time I’ll run a little farther before I jump.”
Once again, everyone stood back to allow Tahir as much room as he needed.
“I don’t think it works that way.” Lugg whispered to Oraden. 
“I don’t either,” Oraden whispered back. “It should come naturally.”
Everyone stood back and watched Tahir take off running as if a hyena was after him. He lifted his arms to the sky and jumped with all his might. This time he managed to stay upright when he hit the ground.
“I don’t think flying is your magic.” Oraden laughed. “Try something else.” 
Tahir was more than a little disappointed. He really wanted to be able to fly. “What else should I try?”
“See if you can make fire.” Figg suggested.
“That’s a good one. I’ll try it.” 
Everyone backed away. Even though none believed he’d be able to bring forth fire, no one wanted to be in the way in case he did. Tahir stood before them with his eyes tightly closed and his fists balled up at his sides. He started making strange grunting noises through his clenched teeth. Oraden and the sprites slowly backed farther away.
“He’s trying too hard.” Oraden whispered to the group of little people.
“He looks like he’s in pain.” Meelix said, trying to keep his voice down.
“Yeah, I think he’s going to blow up. He’s turning red!” Sudlin added, trying to suppress his laughter.
Tahir opened his eyes and exhaled deeply. “I guess I don’t have fire magic.”
“It’s not supposed to be that hard, Tahir. Maybe whatever magic you have will come out of need like the unicorns.” Oraden consoled his friend.
“I still need to know what it is. What other kind of magic is there?”
“Lots, I guess. Some people can do all sorts of magic and others can only do one type.” Sudlin said, and then looked at Oraden for help. “Who knows what you can do? Right, Oraden?”
“Yes, but I guess it couldn’t hurt for him to keep trying. If that’s what he wants to do.”
“Do you want to keep trying, Tahir?” Figg asked.
“I don’t know. You guys just want to laugh at me.”
“No we don’t. We’re trying to help you.” Figg said, hoping to look sincere.
“Come on, let’s just go; we’re looking for Jeverre remember?” Tahir said.
“You’re not giving up are you?”
“Of course not. I just have to think, that’s all. Oraden, what happens if a regular person traveling through the desert walks right into the invisible forest?” he asked, changing the subject.
“That wouldn’t happen. I keep telling you only those with magic can enter the forest.”
“I know, but if they can’t see it, they might walk through and not even know it.”
“No they wouldn’t. Like I started to tell you before, the fairies and dryad are protecting it. If someone without magic walked toward the unseen forest, they would just drift away from it. They’d never walk through it by accident. They would never see, hear, or smell the forest at all. Their senses would be totally oblivious to the magic.”
“Tahir, do you remember when you first came to Elysi?” Sudlin asked. “Could you see the surrounding forest then?”
“I don’t know. I, I was… Oraden was riding me on his back. He was in a big hurry to get home before dark, so we were going pretty fast. I was too busy holding on and dodging tree branches to pay attention to where he was going.”
“That doesn’t help much.” Sudlin scratched his head.
“Help what?”
“I’m just trying to figure out if you have always had magic or if you just got it today.”
“I do remember that when we reached Elysi, I couldn’t see very much of anything. But after a while I began seeing more and more trees and flowers and the river and other animals. What does that mean?”
“Nothing. Anyone welcomed into Elysi will eventually be able to appreciate its splendor. I suppose it doesn’t really matter when you got your magic. The important thing is that you have it now. We just have to figure out what it is.”
Tahir thought again about the first day he came to Elysi; it seemed so long ago. Everything was so beautiful and new. He still thought of this place as beautiful, but he was beginning to take it for granted. Thinking about arriving here brought back the harsh memories of what caused the journey in the first place. He tried to keep those memories locked up. Tried not to think of home, his mother, his friends. He tried to keep the promise he made to himself that he would not cry again. 
“What’s wrong Tahir?” 
“Nothing.” He shook his head to bring himself back to the present. “Let’s just forget about magic for now.”
Tahir and his companions continued their journey. The sprites chatted amongst themselves while Tahir took the lead; choosing not to participate in their conversations. He wondered if this was the same river that ran on the outskirts of his village. He knew about the story of Moses turning the river into blood, but he never heard any stories about dragons or mers or magic for that matter. He supposed Diamond was right. He was a witness to magic. He has seen things he never knew existed, and realized that if men ever became aware of this magical forest, they surely would seize it and kill or enslave its occupants. Everything he cared about was destroyed or threatened by humans. It wasn’t right and it wasn’t fair. He decided at that moment that when he left for England, he would do everything in his power to protect magic and to educate other humans in the importance of co-existence with all creatures.
Maybe I will grow up to become a great warrior fighting to protect magic and innocent creatures who…
“Stop,” Oraden ordered in a hushed voice.
Tahir snapped out of his dream state. “What is it, Oraden?”
“Listen.”
“What do you hear?” Meelix asked.
Oraden stood with his ears and tail perked. “I don’t know, but something is up ahead, on the other side of the dune.”
The sprites were well aware of Oraden’s heightened auditory awareness. If he said he heard something, then something was there.
“I don’t hear anything,” Tahir said.
“Be quiet!” Sudlin whispered harshly.
Oraden slowly backed away from the dune, never taking his eyes from it. “I have a bad feeling,” he whispered.
The sprites followed Oraden’s lead. 
“We could go around another way.” Caan suggested. “I’m sure it hears us too.”
Tahir’s dream of being a great warrior who protected magical creatures was suddenly not a dream of his future. He could start right now.
“I know. You guys climb on Oraden and hold on tightly. If it’s anything dangerous Oraden can run to safety and I’ll fight it with my slingshot.” Tahir pulled his new weapon, along with a few rocks, from his tunic pocket.
“What if Tahir gets into trouble?” Meelix asked as Tahir hurriedly assisted them in getting situated on Oraden’s back.
“I’ll be alright. If all else fails, I can run almost as fast as Oraden. I’ll run right into the river. At least now I can swim. Most animals won’t chase prey into the water.”
“The hyenas did.”
“Why do you think that, Tahir?”
“Everyone knows how to swim. Just because…”
“Okay, okay,” Tahir cut them off. “It’s our best shot, just get on.”
“Good fairies help us. Look!” Sudlin exclaimed.
A hulking giant feline crouched above them at the ridge of the dune. Its ears were flattened and its fur bristled. It appeared to be about the same size as Oraden, and that alone made it far more dangerous than the hyenas. 
“What is she?” Tahir asked, never turning his eyes from the creature.
“I think she’s a he.”
“Who cares? We have to figure out an escape!”
“Think, think, think.” Tahir paused only for a moment. “I know. I’ll climb on facing backwards, so if she chases us I’ll be able to fire at her with my slingshot. Maybe it will slow her down enough for us to get away.”
“Hurry up and do whatever you are going to do. Here she comes!”
Tahir scrambled up and positioned himself so he could hold on to Oraden’s tail with his left hand, leaving his right free to use his slingshot.
The monstrous cat growled long and low before releasing a roar that exposed a cavernous mouth full of dagger-sharp teeth. Muscular paws tensed and flexed, her massive claws sluicing through the sand as it crept toward them.
Even from this distance, Tahir could not mistake the deadly intent in her ice-blue eyes.
“Go, go, go, go!” Tahir nearly fell off as Oraden bolted into a full gallop.
Riding backwards was far more difficult than he’d imagined; a constant struggle to hold on to his slingshot and maintain his position. Despite the danger, Tahir marveled at the magnificent creature. Her coat was the color of the desert, her powerful legs striding long and graceful, and her authority forcing the very air itself to part before her.
Suddenly Tahir realized she wasn’t coming straight at them. She was charging down the dune at an angle, matching Oraden’s speed for a moment before accelerating. Her pursuit would not be from the rear; she was maneuvering to attack from the front. He would never get a good shot at her like this.
Oraden also realized what the large cat was doing and pushed himself faster. His only hope was to make it to the river. He quickly made a sharp turn.
For an instant, as Oraden made his turn, Tahir was in good position to fire off a stone. He hit her neck, but with no  effect. He just couldn’t generate enough force to cause any damage. Between Oraden’s bouncing and his own panic it became a desperate struggle to pull the stone from his pocket and position it in the slingshot. He almost had it, but it slipped between his fingers and disappeared in the sand under Oraden’s hooves. He once again managed to retrieve and load another one. Clinging desperately to the base of Oraden’s tail, he whirled it above his head. She was rapidly gaining on them, but at least now she was behind them. Tahir fired the next stone. This one flew well above her head. He cursed himself and reached into his tunic. 
Oraden ran faster than he ever believed possible; but it wasn’t enough. He would never make it to the river. He could see his attacker out of the corner of his eye. She was so close; a few more seconds and she’d be upon them. He was forced to turn again, galloping parallel to the river back toward Elysi. He was afraid, not only for himself, but for his passengers as well. His heart pounded as hard and as fast as his hooves pounded upon the sand. His horn glowed bright yellow; then it changed to blue. The sprites screamed and clung desperately to his mane. The cat was even closer. 
Every turn Oraden made, the giant feline followed. No matter how fast he ran, it ran faster. Oraden’s mind was screaming. He he’d never been so terrified, never met a creature he couldn’t outrun. He could go no faster. His eyes were wide with terror and his nostrils flared with every breath. His horn glowed like the blue sky, so bright it stung the sprites’ eyes. 
Suddenly the cat let out a yelp and jumped away from the unicorn.
Oraden could see the cat slowing down and the distance between them lengthening. But he never slowed his pace for even a second; he just kept running, thankful for the opportunity to gain some distance from her. The oasis appeared; he was headed straight for it. Then Tahir screamed. The cat must have gotten him; Oraden violently bucked and kicked.
“Oraden! Go! Go! Go!” Tahir shouted, still clinging to his tail. “You’re invisible now! Go!”
Oraden understood and regained his speed. The cat hesitated before deciding to give chase again. This time she targeted Tahir’s legs, but he kicked and dodged her attacks. He had a stone in his slingshot and instinctively whipped her with it. It hit her right between the eyes; she winced but kept coming. Tahir beat at her again and again every time she got close. Tiring of his beatings, she went for the sprites. But Tahir was ready for her. He checked to make sure the stone was still secured in the pouch, tightened his legs around Oraden, and let go of his tail. He leaned back, almost squashing the little sprites. He whacked her again on the top of her head. Oraden turned and rammed his shoulder into her, knocking her off balance and forcing her to trip over the unseen legs of the unicorn. She stumbled; Tahir belted her in the head one last time before she fell. She rolled over in the sand and jumped back on her feet, but did not pursue. She watched the curious sight disappear into the forest. 
A flock of noisy birds scattered into the sky.
* * * * *
In the safety of the enchanted forest Oraden stopped to allow his passengers to dismount. They immediately headed for the river to quench their thirst. The sprites, after all their screaming, were just as thirsty as Tahir and Oraden. They sat along the riverbank gulping the cool water and talking about their narrow escape. Tahir took his shoes off and dangled his feet in the current. 
“That was close. Do you think she will follow us in here?” Figg asked.
“No, we should be safe now.” Meelix answered. “I do suggest we stay out of the desert for a while.”
“I’ve learned my lesson today,” Tahir said. “Diamond told me that curiosity can get you into a lot of trouble. We could have all been killed.”
“But we weren’t and we didn’t do anything wrong,” Sudlin explained. “We were just going for a walk. We didn’t look for trouble.” 
“Yeah, but how is it that trouble always seems to find us?” Tahir pondered.
“Not always. It was an adventure though, wasn’t it?”
They laughed and listened to the story retold from each others’ perspective. The sprites described how frightening it was to hold on to Oraden while he was invisible. They knew he was still there; they could feel his muscles underneath them and the coarse hairs of his mane in their hands.
Abruptly, the sandy turf began to heave. Beneath the surface, something barreled toward them. Tahir jolted to his feet and staggered back. The ground cracked open and a gnarled hand made from a tree-trunk emerged and slapped the boy to the ground.
Nayani!
Uh oh.
Vines shot out and ensnared Oraden; the unicorn kicked but was quickly entangled until he couldn’t move. Cages of leaves and branches captured Meelix and each of the sprites.
“We’re sorry! We’re sorry!” The sprites shrieked.
The tree-woman rapidly emerged from the soil. One by one branches thick with leaves stretched out and reached for the sky.
“Foolish sprites! Do you have any idea of the danger you put yourselves in?”
Tahir was amazed at the sight. He found himself in the clutches of a tree-women; too frightened to even struggle against her branches. He remained in awe of her voice; so soft and yet menacing at the same time. She moved like a dancer. Her leafy hair swayed in the breeze like palm fronds. Her giant branch-like hand squeezed tightly and lifted him off the ground.
“Were it not for Alexander, you’d all be in the clutches of the Brotherhood. The boy is ignorant, but you sprites know better.” she hissed. “I cannot protect you if you don’t stay within my realm.” She tightened her grip on them all; the cages shrank, threatening to crush the tiny people. The vines around Oraden’s neck squeezed until he could barely breathe.
“Oraden, how many times must you be warned not to leave the protective barriers?” Do you believe invisibility and invincibility are the same? Your disobedience may one day cost more than you and your friends can pay.”
“We’re sorry, Nayani!”
“We didn’t know!”
“We won’t do it again!”
The sprites cried and begged while she lifted the cages high into air and spun them in a whirlwind of increasing velocity.
“You’ve done nothing but work against us, sprites! Why should I give you another chance?” 
“Stop it!” Tahir shouted. “They didn’t do anything wrong!”
“Human arrogance! What makes you think you can command a dryad in matters of which you know nothing?”
“They’re my friends!” Tahir said through gritted teeth. “That’s all I need to know!”
“As you wish, Tahir.” she gently lowered the cages to the ground. “I will release you all. But know this, Tahir; we are at war, and the enemy is powerful. Be careful who you call friend. She glared at the little sprites. “Even friends can unwittingly bring about your demise.” 
The cages opened and the vines that bound Oraden released their grip and shriveled away. She slowly set Tahir down gently.
“Heed my warning. Stay out of the desert. There are powers at work that you do not yet understand.” She spun in a strange dance and shriveled back into the sand. Her words echoed over them even after she disappeared.
“What was that?” Tahir asked, rubbing his chest. “And what war? Who is Alexander she was talking about?”
“Oh that’s just Nayani,” Sudlin explained. “She’s always going on about wars and danger and things like that.”
“She’s always so dramatic!” Bennie threw his hands in the air in disgust.
“So, is she good or bad, because that was really confusing?”
“She’s good,” Oraden jumped in. “Dryads are guardians of nature with very powerful magic. She’s the one that guards Elysi and keeps it hidden from predators. She decides who can enter and who cannot. I’ve heard she can even move all of Elysi if she needs to. I’ve never seen her like that before, she’s usually really nice.”
“Maybe to you.” Bennie said as he stooped to pick up the pieces of dried fruit that fell from his pockets during his spin with Nayani. “She’s always mad at us for some reason.”
“And you have no idea why?” Tahir asked.
“Probably because we don’t want to help with their stupid war. They’ve been at war since the beginning, and it never ends! Why should we bother with it?”
“What’s the war about?” Tahir asked.
“Who knows, it’s been so long.” Sudlin said with a wave of his hand.
“I never heard of a magical war.” Tahir scratched his head.
“That’s because it’s a secret war between a handful of wizards. The whole thing is silly.”
“Yeah, don’t worry about it Tahir.”
“Right. I’ve heard that before.” Tahir rolled his eyes.
Tahir stood up and started throwing rocks into the river; the sprites joined him. Of course their rocks didn’t go nearly as far as his, but that didn’t stop them from making a game of whose rocks traveled the farthest.
“Let’s make this fair.” Tahir said, lifting a large rock.
“You’re not going to score anything with that one.” Meelix pointed out.
Tahir heaved the rock; but rather than making a splash, it only made a thud. To their surprise, Jeverre’s massive head popped out of the water.
“Will there always be danger when we meet?” he sputtered.
“Hey, Jeverre! How did you find us?” Tahir asked, as he and the sprites jumped up and down.
“I went to where I met you before, and some of your friends told me that you were taking a walk along the river bank to look for me. So I decided to back track.” Jeverre explained as he swam closer to the bank.
“We waited most of the morning before we decided to go looking for you. That was a big mistake,” Meelix said.
“Look Jeverre, this is my friend Oraden. I told you about him yesterday. He’s the one that brought me to Elysi.”
“Hi, Oraden.”
“Hi, Jeverre. Tahir told me about you yesterday too, but I only half believed him. I wasn’t aware of any Dracara around here before.”
“See Oraden, I told you Jeverre was real. I can understand Roddy not believing me, but you?”
“So beat me with your slingshot,” Oraden joked.
They all laughed and teased Tahir about how he used his slingshot to beat off their attacker. They told Jeverre how they once again had to flee the fangs of an angry predator.
“You guys like to live dangerously,” Jeverre laughed. “I don’t think I’d be so brave if I were so small.”
“It wasn’t our fault this time!”
“We’re not small, you’re just big!” 
Jeverre laughed at his small friends. When he waded onto the shore, his gargantuan, clawed flippers slapped the sand. He stretched his long body out and basked in the sun. None of them actually saw his entire body before, just his head and long neck periscoping from the water. Oraden cantered along the full length of his body.
“Wow, Jeverre! You’re a giant!” he exclaimed as he circled back and jumped over the Dracara’s tail. “How could something so big be in this river without me ever knowing it?”
“I don’t usually come around here much,” Jeverre explained, “but lately I’ve been seeing mers up this way, so I figured if it is safe for them, it was safe for me too.”
“That’s right! You were supposed to take us to look for mers today,” Tahir remembered.
“Uh, there’s been a change of plans.”
“Why? What’s the matter?” Sudlin asked.
“Nothings wrong. It’s just that something happened on the way here this morning. That was why I was so late.”
“So tell us, what happened?” the sprites all asked at once.
“Well, I realized there was no real way to bring you to the mers. But I thought, maybe I could find them and bring them to you. So I went looking for them.  But when I couldn’t find them, I got an idea.” Jeverre’s face lit up as he excitedly spoke. “While I was looking, I came across some humans in this floating contraption. I think they called it a boat. If you guys had a boat, you could go wherever I go!”
“A boat!” Tahir exclaimed. “Yes, I know about boats. I’ve never been in one, but that would be perfect! Meelix do you think the gnomes would help us build one?”
Meelix rubbed his head as he thought about it. “It’s hard to build something that you’ve never seen. Is it like a tree-house that floats?”
“I don’t know what a tree-house is, but a boat is just something that will float and move along in the water,” Jeverre explained.
“Actually, it is kind of like a tree-house,” Tahir explained. “The only difference is the shape and that it is able to move on its own.” 
“I’m sure we could build it, but I don’t know how to make it float or move on its own.”
“The gnomes wouldn’t want to help us build something that serves only as entertainment,” Bennie pointed out.
“You’re right. We’d have to convince them that there was something advantageous about building the boat. But what could that be?”
“Maybe it doesn’t have to be able to move. Jeverre could probably pull it along with us in it. Then it would only have to be able to float,” Oraden suggested.
Sudlin turned to Jeverre excitedly. “Oh! What about our baskets? “We’ve got these baskets that we use to haul supplies up to our tree house. We could make a bigger one, large enough for all of us to fit into. We would make any alterations necessary to make sure it floats. That should be easy enough. Then all we would need is enough rope to tie around Jeverre so he could pull us. What do you think?”
“It sounds like the beginning of a very good plan.” Meelix said, contemplating the idea.
“What if we made the basket to fit onto Jeverre’s back? That way instead of pulling us, he’d be carrying us. With him carrying us, it wouldn’t matter if the basket could float or not,” Tahir suggested.
“Yes, I like that even better,” Jeverre agreed. “I have seen what happens when boats tip over in the water. The humans don’t usually survive very long. But if you make a harness of sorts, tight enough and secure enough, you wouldn’t have to worry about it tipping over or floating.” 
“So our only problem now, is to figure out how to get the gnomes to help us.”
Meelix scratched his head in thought, “I’ll figure that part out. I’m sure there are plenty of ways that being able to travel over the water would be useful to them.”
The sprites were beside themselves with glee. They held hands skipping in  circles while singing, 

Useful! 
Useful! 
A boat would be useful!
Chapter Eleven
V O Y A G E
When the small company gathered for breakfast the following morning, Meelix took command of the project.
“Listen, everybody. We need to begin construction on the basket right way. If we have it assembled by the time Jeverre gets back here later, we will only have to make the adjustments to fit it for his back. But there are satchels to be done before we can build it.
“I have thought about it all night, and although it may not be a perfect plan, it is a start. First, Tahir and Oraden will go back to Elysi to chop some bamboo. There are some nice-sized shoots on the other side of the meadow. Lugg, Reeny, and Caan will go with them. You’ll have to cut some twine and show them how to tie the bamboo together so Oraden can drag it back here. Sudlin and Bennie, you need to gather as much twine as you can for the harness. Get Mattie and some of the other girls to start braiding it. We need nice, long, strong sections. I’ll go talk to the gnomes. I have come up with a way to convince them to help us.” 
Tahir, Oraden and the three sprites returned to Elysi. They chopped and prepared the bamboo as instructed, all the while ignoring the curious glances of several unicorns. Ramah watched his son from a distance. The sprites tried to conceal their excitement; Oraden and Tahir quietly devised an explanation for their behavior just in case Ramah approached. Ramah shook his head and resumed grazing, paying little attention to Oraden or his friends. Roddy on the other hand, couldn’t resist the urge to inquire.
“What are you guys up to now?” she asked.
Tahir glanced up at Roddy, annoyed by the interruption. “Nothing.”
“You’re doing something. What are you cutting all this bamboo for?”
“We’re building something, that’s all,” Tahir said without pausing from his work. Oraden shot Tahir a look, warning him not to say too much, but he was too involved in what he was doing to notice.
“What are you building?” Roddy poked her nose around the bundles of bamboo.
“Look Roddy, we’re just helping the sprites with a project, that’s all. Now leave us alone so we can finish,” Tahir finally told her.
Roddy refused to be brushed off. “Is there anything I can do to help?”
“No. We’re just about finished here anyway.”
Roddy stood back and watched. Tahir held several clean shoots of bamboo together as the sprites secured them with the twine. Once secured, he harnessed a pull-rope around Oraden.
“I could carry some of those,” Roddy motioned to the other bundles arranged on the ground.
Tahir and Oraden exchanged looks. Neither wanted Roddy’s involvement, but she would save them a lot of time.
“We have to come back anyway. We’ll pick them up later,” Tahir explained.
“Now, wait a minute,” Lugg interrupted. “If she is willing to help us, why not let her? We didn’t ask her, she offered. She could save us almost half a day.”
“Because she’s not being helpful, she’s just nosey. It’s her way of finding out what we’re up to,” Oraden answered. 
“No, I want to help. What’s the big secret, anyway?”
Lugg stepped forward, ignoring the strife between Oraden and Roddy. “We would appreciate your help, but only if you really want to help us. Remember, we didn’t ask for your help, you offered it. You could save us a lot of time, but it won’t be worth it if you intrude on our privacy.”
“I only want to help and be a part of your project. I won’t ask questions and linger around bothering you. Really, I won’t be a problem.”
“Thanks, Roddy. Come on Tahir; let’s get this bamboo tied to Roddy.”
Roddy and Oraden led the way back to Rhykell. The sprites sat on the unicorns’ backs while Tahir followed behind with his own load to ensure they did not lose their precious cargo. Tahir wondered if Roddy would keep her promise and return quietly to the meadow. If not, he would have to think of a way to get rid of her before she figured out what they were doing. If Roddy reported back to Ramah and Diamond that he and Oraden were setting out to sea with a bunch of sprites in a basket on the back of a sea-dragon…well, he didn’t even want to know what they might do.
So far Roddy kept her promise. She asked no questions and didn’t try to make conversation with Oraden. She and Oraden walked side-by-side dragging their loads along the familiar path. Oraden was angry that Roddy was able to weasel her way into their secret project. The three sprites rode quietly, thrilled that they reduced the number of trips they needed to make. 
They were surprised to arrive in Rhykell to find Jeverre already at the riverbank. Several female sprites were scurrying around his back and neck with long lengths of twine; some were on the ground, partially under Jeverre’s long neck, tying knots and testing the strength of the ropes. It was obvious they were making a harness of some kind.
The gnomes were experimenting with ideas for baskets by diagramming alternative shapes in the dirt and then arranging small sticks into makeshift models. They argued continuously, but only in an effort to increase productivity, and only occasionally to scold the sprites for their foolish behavior. More than anything, gnomes loved to fuss. Over in the meeting circle, sprites and gnomes were preparing a meal. Their arguments were sprinkled with talk and laughter as they compared and exchanged recipes.
Lugg, Reeny, and Caan jumped off the unicorns and ran to greet Jeverre. Oraden’s anger increased with every breath as he watched the astonishment fill Roddy’s eyes. Jeverre was not supposed to be here yet. Now Roddy didn’t have to ask any questions; the answers were right here in front of her. Tahir too, saw Roddy’s eyes light up with excitement. He figured there was only one way to deal with the situation now.
Meelix, the self appointed leader of this project, approached them anxiously waving his arms and calling out orders.
“Come on, then! Excellent work. Bring them over here!” He pointed to the area where several sprites were braiding twine.
Roddy eagerly followed the orders.
“Roddy?”
“Yes Tahir?” she stopped and turned her head to face the boy.
“You know that we did not mean for you to see any of this. I guess you can figure out what’s going on.”
“You guys are constructing something to strap onto that sea creature so you can go on a water adventure with him. Right?”
“Yes, that’s right. It’s also true that you are not a dependable friend. Oraden really doesn’t trust you at all,” Tahir said, tossing a smile at the suspicious Oraden. “And if he doesn’t trust you, neither do I. The only solution is to for you to remain here with us until we finish our project. Then, I’m afraid you will have to go on the adventure with us.”
Oraden glared at Tahir, nostrils flaring. Tahir saw the look, but ignored it.
“You’re going to take me out on the waters with you?” Roddy exclaimed.
“That’s right. You are now just as much a part of this as we are.”
“Good fairies! I’ve dreamed of going on adventures with Oraden. Finally I get my chance!”
“I’m glad you feel that way. We have a lot of work to do. First get unloaded. Then find Meelix and ask him what he needs you to do.”
When Roddy trotted off, Tahir turned to Oraden. The unicorn’s eyes narrowed into slits and the red glow of rage suffused his horn.
“What other choice do we have?” he asked before Oraden could say a word. “Send her back to run her mouth? She wouldn’t have to tell your parents; every unicorn in Elysi would know before dark. Keeping her with us is our best chance for keeping our secret. If she tells everybody after we get back, she’ll be telling on herself as well. If I had to guess, she won’t tell. She’s more afraid of getting into trouble with her parents than anything we could ever do to her.”
“For once you came up with a good idea all by yourself. But I still don’t like having her along. She’s such a baby; she’ll cry and complain the whole time.”
“I don’t see any other way, Oraden. And if she complains too much, I will shove my tunic in her mouth.”
They both laughed at the thought of Roddy being gagged.
“Tahir!” Dell, one of the female sprites waved. “Come here!”
Oraden dragged his bundle to Meelix for instruction, and Tahir walked over to see the spritish woman.
“Mmm. Something smells absolutely delicious,” he said as he approached the meeting circle where Dell and several other women worked and fussed over steaming pots.
“Hi, Tahir. Sudlin mentioned that you don’t get a good hot meal very often, so I, oh, um, we…” Dell nodded to the two female gnomes, Corey and Feldon, who had been helping her cook most of the day, “…made extra. It’s just about ready.” 
Tahir knelt to take a peek. “What is it, rabbit or squirrel?” 
“Actually, it’s venison stew. I wasn’t sure how much you would eat, so I made the stew and roasted a leg.”
“Oh, you really shouldn’t have gone through the extra trouble just for me, Dell.”
“Don’t worry about it. The meat became available quite suddenly. Bennie suggested covering the floor of the basket with the hide so Oraden’s hooves wouldn’t slip all over that wet bamboo. So Weiger, Mog, and some other gnomes went out and set a trap. And I mean almost immediately we heard the call to come running. Over half the village helped drag that buck on over here. Oh, Tahir. Some don’t like onion in their salad, do you?”
“I think so, but however you fix it is fine with me,” Tahir answered, hoping she would hurry up and finish her story and the meal; not necessarily in that order.
Dell turned and reached for a large bowl and began cutting vegetables as she continued her story. “…So what was I saying? Oh, yes. We ripped into that buck like never before. You should’ve seen us. Bennie took the hide to make the basket floor. We took the bladder to make pouches to keep your traveling things safe and dry. In case you were wondering, the gnomes took the antlers. I guess that’s only fair; after all, they did kill it. We took the leg and a portion of the butt to make the stew. It should be quite delicious with a little sprite touch and some added gnome spices.” She winked at her cooking companions.
“I can’t wait to try it,” Tahir said.
“I’m afraid you’ll have to wait just a little longer. If it doesn’t simmer long enough it will taste quite bitter,” Feldon added. 
“Oh fairy wings! Can’t you see the human is hungry? Tahir sit down and prepare for the meal of a lifetime. I’ll let you start on the salad,” Corey turned to retrieve the salad. “Here you are,” she handed Tahir a bowl that she carried with both arms, but which became quite small in his hands. 
Tahir’s mouth began to water. “All of it for me?”
“All of it for you. Feldon made another salad for the rest of us, so eat up and enjoy,” Dell said with a smile. “By the way, Tahir, when do you think the basket will be completed?” 
“I’m not sure. Meelix said he’d be able to get the gnomes to help, but I didn’t expect this much cooperation. It’s kind of a village project now, isn’t it?”
“The gnomes are always willing to help. They fuss a lot but they are right there when we need them. And, of course, we are always willing to return the favors. By the way, how many of us are going to be able to go with you?” 
Tahir was caught by surprise. He thought it would just be himself, Oraden, Meelix, Bennie, Sudlin, Figg, Reeny, and maybe one or two others; and now of course, Roddy. He had no idea that anyone else even wanted to go. Back home in his village, whatever he and his friends did, it never included girls. It was just unheard of; girls, and especially women, wanting to participate in the adventures of boys.
“Us? Do you mean sprites and gnomes?”
“Ha! I’d like to see a gnome ride on a dragon’s back in that contraption!” Feldon exclaimed. 
“How many are expecting to go?” Tahir asked.
“Everyone wants to go, that’s why everyone is so eager to help build it. We know there will be a limited number that will fit. We’re planning on throwing stones to see who gets to go.”
“Throwing stones?”
“Well, let’s say only ten sprites, along with you and Oraden can fit. I’m sure Meelix, Sudlin, Reeny and Bennie will go for sure. That leaves room for six more. So we draw a large circle in the dirt with a smaller circle in the center. Everyone gets a stone and stands at the edge of the outer circle. We take turns throwing the stone into the center circle. Whosever stone comes closest to the center of the smaller circle gets to go.”
“Oh, I see. Well, I really don’t even know how big they are making it. Besides, now Roddy is going with us. Come to think about it, I should go tell Meelix, so we can adjust the size if necessary.”
Dell frowned and shook her head. “Is that why she’s here?” “I should have known. That means even fewer of us will be able to go, if any at all.”
“I’m sorry, Dell, I didn’t know that everybody wanted to go. Will they be angry once they realize only a few will go?”
“I don’t think so. Don’t even worry yourself about it. There will be other trips; we’ll just take turns, that’s all.”
Feldon handed Tahir a steaming bowl of stew as she removed his empty salad bowl from the miniature table. Although the meal was delicious, Tahir could not enjoy it as he would have before he knew that—once again—he hadn’t thought things through carefully. As hospitable as these little people have been to him, he never once thought about their feelings; he thought only of himself and his few closest companions. At the first sign of daylight, together, gnomes and sprites eagerly went to work to construct something that none of them had ever seen before, something that would allow him and a unicorn to safely travel the waters with a sea dragon. As exciting as that sounds, what would make him think that anyone else wouldn’t want to go? Why didn’t he at least ask to see who wanted to come along before they started building? At least that way they would have an idea of how big to make it.
“I have to go now,” Tahir said as he passed his empty bowl back to Dell and got to his feet. “Thank you so much for the delicious meal.”
Tahir ran along to visit with Jeverre and check on Roddy before talking with Meelix. He found Roddy and Jeverre together, their excitement mutual. Tahir didn’t like the idea of those two talking alone. Jeverre, of course, wouldn’t know what he should and shouldn’t tell Roddy. Although at this point, there wasn’t much to keep secret.
“Tahir! Come over here! Take a look at this,” Figg called out. “How high do you think the basket needs to be?”
Tahir was amazed at the progress they’d made in the time it took him to sit down and eat a meal and converse the the cooks. The floor was completely finished, except for the hide covering. The gnomes decided to contour the shape of the basket to match Jeverre’s back; thereby distributing their weight more evenly and reducing the risk of tipping over. 
Figg wanted the basket to be as high as Oraden’s neck so there would be little chance of him falling out. Meelix felt it only needed to be as high as the top of his knees. If he sat during the ride, it wouldn’t be so top heavy.
“I think I agree with you, Meelix. We should keep the basket as short as possible. What do you think, Kewtan?” Tahir asked as he knelt down beside the little gnome who was busily securing branches with twine.
“I don’t know. I think we should start out tall; test it and then make any necessary adjustments.”
“How can I help?” Tahir asked, feeling a little guilty about not contributing more.
“You can help put it on Jeverre. We need to make sure it fits snuggly between the two rows of spikes on his back.”
Tahir called for Jeverre and Roddy to join them. Jeverre lay in the grass and allowed Tahir to hoist the basket onto his back. Once situated, the gnomes scrambled up to take measurements, make adjustments and tighten the twine.
“Oraden, come on, we need to see how well you fit in this thing since you are the biggest,” called Kewtan.
“How am I supposed to get up there?” he asked as he approached.
“Just step right up on it,” Jeverre told him.
“But when you put the sides on it how will I get in and out?”
“See, that’s why we have to test it. Now we know we have to put a door on it,” Kewtan said. “But for now, just step up and see how it feels.”
Oraden stepped up to Jeverre’s side and jumped onto the basket floor. He positioned himself in the middle and knelt down.
“I think it will be fine once the floor covering is on. Right now it feels hard on my knees.”
“How do you feel, Jeverre? Is it too much weight or anything?” Tahir asked.
“No. I can hardly feel any difference. Roddy and Tahir should get on too. That way I’ll know for sure.”
“You first Roddy.”
Oraden reluctantly scooted over to allow the much too excited Roddy to join him.
“Come on, Tahir!” Roddy called. “You get in the middle.”
Tahir climbed in and sat cross-legged between the two unicorns.
“I’m comfortable. How do we look?”
“It doesn’t matter how you look,” Kewtan scolded. “What’s important is whether or not Jeverre can carry you.”
“I don’t think it will be a problem, especially in the water,” Jeverre said. “Hold on, let’s see if I can walk with you.”
“Wait! Wait”! Kewtan called. “Not yet! The basket’s not secured to you yet. If that basket falls off and breaks I’ll have nothing to do with making another one!”
Tahir, Oraden, the sprites, Roddy, and even Jeverre, all laughed at the little gnome.
“He’s such a worrier but he makes sense. Keep still, Jeverre; let’s not take a chance on breaking it. Tahir, how many of us do you think can fit in there with you?” asked Meelix.
“It depends. Where do you want to sit? Some could sit on Oraden, some could sit on Roddy and some could sit with me. I’d say about twenty.”
“Twenty? I’d say not! That is far too dangerous!” Kewtan exclaimed, shaking his head and walking away.
“Dangerous? How so?”  Tahir called after him.
“Think about it.” Weiger began. “How could any of you watch out for twenty sprites? If Tahir, Oraden or Roddy fell out you’d know it instantly. But if one of the sprites were to fall out, who would notice one of twenty missing? The poor thing would be paddling around for the next hundred years before anyone found him.” 
“But if the basket is sturdy enough…”
“There are far too many ‘what ifs’. Anything can happen. If you insist upon going on such a dangerous journey, the least you can do is take every precaution to keep your little friends safe. I suggest each one of you take charge of just two sprites each. Except of course you, Jeverre. You are responsible for all of them.”
Tahir dismounted Jeverre. “Now, wait a minute Weiger. That means only six sprites get to go. Don’t you think you’re being a little too cautious?”
“Am I? Tell me how you can possibly look after twenty or so sprites? Explain it to me. And explain it to Kewtan too.”
“First, you asked how many can fit, not how many should go. Besides, it won’t be just us; the mers will be going as well. They could help look after them.”
“Tahir, I think Kewtan and Weiger are right. It would be far more than we could handle,” Jeverre added. “Especially when we get out to sea. The water can be rough and loud. I might not be able to hear if any of you were in trouble. I would hate to be responsible for returning with fewer passengers than I left with.”
“What do you think, Tahir?” Oraden asked.
“I’m thinking we need to think more about this. Jeverre, you’ve been in these waters a lot. Are there other dangers we need to know about?”
“There are creatures in the water that would be a definite threat to any of you. I am Dracara; I have nothing to fear. What would ever attack me? I am at least twice as big as anything out there. If you are with me, you will be safe.”
“But if any of us were to fall out, would we be in danger?”
“I suppose so. Like I said, other creatures usually stay away from me. But the plan is to see the mers, play around with them for a while and come back right?”
“Well, that’s the plan, but plans don’t always work out the way they are supposed to.” Oraden said.
“Yeah, so let’s put the sides on. I think if the sides are at least waist high to me we will be fine. We’ll each take two sprites and off we go.”
“Can I say something?” Roddy asked shyly.
“NO!” Oraden and Tahir shouted in unison.
The two unicorns dismounted and Tahir retrieved the basket from Jeverre’s back.
The gnomes and sprites immediately began construction on the sides and the door. Tahir helped in every way he could. He carried bundles of bamboo from the sprites, who measured and chopped it, to the gnomes who built the basket. He returned to the meadow with Oraden to bring more stock while Roddy remained in Rhykell and tried to be as useful. They all worked on the basket the rest of the day and most of the next. By late afternoon, the basket cage was finished. It was oval shaped, and pointed at both ends. The sides were chest level to Tahir. Horizontal bamboo rails were held in place by the vented poles secured to the floor. The deer hide sewn to the floor provided cushion and kept the passengers’ feet from slipping. Along one side of the basket was a narrow doorway to allow easy access for the unicorns.
Tahir, Roddy and Oraden agreed they would each be able to take responsibility for three sprites, rather than only two. They decided that Sudlin, Bennie, Reeny and Meelix would definitely go. Five other sprites would have to throw stones to see who would accompany them. They would set out first thing in the morning, allowing the adventurers a full day at sea. After another big feast, followed by songs, dancing and stories, all of Rhykell settled down early to prepare for tomorrow’s adventure. 
Tahir made his bed under Sudlin’s tree house. He lay awake imagining what this sea adventure would bring. Maybe it would provide an opportunity for him to uncover the magic hiding inside him.
When the rising sun crested the horizon, Tahir’s eyes took in the strangest sight: the completed basket appeared to have sprouted dozens of miniature legs and was making its way toward the riverbank. Tahir smiled and nudged Oraden. The unicorn shook his head and yawned. His eyes followed Tahir’s pointing finger to see the basket inching along. They both chuckled at the sight.
Tahir stood and stretched his arms and neck. “Come on, let’s help them.”
The day was sunny with low winds: perfect weather for seafaring. After they secured the basket to Jeverre’s back, Kewtan and Weiger went through a series of safety checks. The gnomes tugged at the harness and inspected a few more knots before standing back with their arms folded, giving the contraption a last visual inspection. Finally they nodded their approval and the eager passengers scurried up Jeverre’s back.
Everyone was seated comfortably; the door tied securely in place. Jeverre carefully rose to his flippers and lumbered down the shore into the river. The remaining sprites cheered and waved as Jeverre paddled deeper into the water. They floated down the river toward the open sea, each unable to contain their excitement. Tahir turned to watch the send-off party grow smaller and smaller as Jeverre cautiously maneuvered farther from shore. 
“Oraden, do you think Nayani would disapprove of our sea adventure?”  Tahir asked as an afterthought.
Meelix couldn’t help but offer his opinion. “I distinctly remember her warning.  She said not to go into the desert and away from protection.  We have Jeverre for protection and we’re not anywhere near the desert.”
“That’s pretty much the way I remember it too.  So I guess being in the water with Jeverre is safe enough.”
Tahir thought about their logic. “I hope you’re right.  I don’t want to upset her again.  I didn’t enjoy being handled by a tree, and I don’t want to have to go through that again.”
The small group fell silent; each deep in their own thoughts. 
Once again Tahir thought of his mother and the home he’d never be able to go back to. He wished she was there waving him off, eager for him to return and tell stories of the adventures he’d had and those yet to come. He missed her so much. He imagined he would always miss her. This was his home now; the sprites, unicorns, and even the gnomes took him in as their own and taught him so much. Soon, the day would come for him to leave here. As he thought of it, he realized it would be almost as hard to lose them as it was to lose his village. He figured he could always come back here, but who knew if he ever would? Although they had become his family, and Elysi his home, he still had to find his way to England to fulfill his destiny. He made a promised to his father and himself. He intended to keep it. 
He wasn’t afraid of a new adventure, nor the aspect of traveling alone. What bothered him the most was leaving without knowing what magic he possessed. He had to find out before he left. Diamond told him it would reveal itself in time, but he didn’t have much time left. If he were to train to become a warrior, he must get to England before he got too old. They prefer their student’s begin in early youth. He may be too old as it was, and that wasn’t taking into consideration the time it would take for him to get there.
Tahir swayed and rocked along with the waves. He took a deep breath; the scent of water and seaweed awakened him from his reverie. He could barely see the shore they left behind. Meelix and the sprites pointed and smiled at each other and spoke quietly among themselves. Roddy was also very quiet. Maybe she was afraid to speak, or maybe just deep in her own Roddy thoughts. It didn’t matter to Tahir. He wondered what thoughts Oraden kept so quiet.
A wave splashed against the riders, forcing them all to awaken from their daydreams. The little ones struggled to hold on for fear they would be washed away. Tahir scooped them up in both arms; they giggled uncontrollably as they wiped the warm water from their faces.
“Maybe you guys should hang on to me.  Another wave like that could send you all off.” Tahir ushered them between his legs. “Hold on tightly to my pants and don’t let go!” 
“Tahir this is great!” Oraden blurted. “You know, I’ve been thinking lately that I have explored just about as much as I could around here. I thought there was nothing left to see without leaving. You know? I mean really leaving here. But look at this! Look at where we are!” Oraden’s eyes swept the unfamiliar surroundings. “I never imagined traveling along the river. Especially on the back of a dragon! Tahir, do you know what this means?” 
Tahir tried to see what Oraden was seeing. He saw the water, of course. He appreciated the unusual company he was with. There was the mysterious and unknown nature of where he was and where he was going. But he didn’t know exactly what Oraden was talking about. He looked at Oraden, and then his eyes found the listening Roddy: the possible traitor. He looked at Oraden again. Oraden understood the gesture, but shook his head as if he didn’t care. He stared at Tahir waiting for his reply.
“I understand how you feel about a brand new adventure. It’s exciting and kind of scary at the same time. Is that what you mean?”
“No, no, no…well, yes, that’s part of. But I’m talking about what else is out there? What else are we missing? All this time I thought I’d seen it all. Good fairies, Tahir. We can’t even begin to dream about what else is out there. We have to find out. I want to see it all! Don’t you?” Oraden asked.
“I know exactly what you mean!” Roddy blurted out. “This is absolutely wonderful. Now I understand your need for adventures, Oraden. It’s almost like eating your favorite fruit. Once you’ve had a taste, you want to keep eating it.” 
“Well don’t go wetting your lips too much. You can’t possibly understand what I’m talking about,” Oraden told her. 
“Yeah, Roddy. I believe its part of you. It’s just there; inside you from the day you take your first step. Oraden and I were born adventurers. It’s not something you can suppress. It’s a need greater than the want. We don’t have a choice. But you do. So you think that just because you happen to be one of the first unicorns to ride the waters, that means something? Have you forgotten why you are here? It wasn’t because of want or need. You were forced to come along so you wouldn’t be able to stop us.”
“I told you guys. I wasn’t going to tell anyone.”
“But we had to be sure, didn’t we?” Oraden added.
“Regardless of the reason, I am very happy to be here. This is the most excitement I’ve ever had in my life!”
“Anyway,” Oraden continued, dismissing Roddy altogether, “I’m saying, all we’ve been doing is playing. Sure we’ve had some great adventures, learned a lot of new things and been many places no unicorn or—well—I don’t know about humans. But as far as we are concerned, we’ve been the first explorers around here. But why does it have to end here? I mean, look!” Oraden pointed to the very distant opposite shore. “Who knows what’s over there? I never even knew there was an ‘over there’. Aren’t you interested in knowing what or who’s living there?” 
“Of course I am. Maybe on the way back we can ask Jeverre to stop so we can explore.”
“That’s not what I’m talking about, Tahir. Aren’t you listening?”
“I know exactly what you’re talking about. I do.” Tahir’s eyes shifted back to Roddy. “But I don’t think this is the time or place to talk about it.” 
Oraden eyeballed Roddy and resented her presence even more, but Tahir was right. No point in giving Roddy even more ammunition to use against him when they returned.
“How much longer do you think before we get there?” Figg asked trying to change the tone of the conversation. 
“I don’t know. But this is fun, isn’t it?” Caan, picking up on Figg’s idea, cheerfully replied.
“What do you think the mers will look like?” Meelix added.
“I’m not sure. But Jeverre said they were playful. Too bad he can’t talk to us while he’s swimming,” Bennie answered. “Anybody want some hazelnuts? I cracked them earlier?”
“Hey! Look at that!” Meelix cried, pointing straight ahead. “What are they?”
Everyone scrambled for position.
“Oh, those are hippopotamus. They’re not dangerous. At least they shouldn’t be to a dragon,” Tahir explained.
“Are you sure?” Meelix asked. “Look how big they are!”
“Well, they can be pretty dangerous if you bother them. But they eat grass and stuff and they mostly stay in the water. I’m not sure if they actually swim or just walk on the bottom.”
“Wow! I’ve never heard of a hippobottomless before,” Figg said.
Tahir laughed at his mispronunciation, but didn’t correct him. They continued to watch the herd lackadaisically move as Jeverre approached. The hippos were not nearly as curious of the travelers as the travelers were of them.
“I wonder what else we might see along the way,” Oraden mentioned.
Tahir was tempted to stand up to get a better look at the large mammals, but was reluctant to leave his little friends unattended.
The entire herd slowly disappeared below the surface as Jeverre reached them. Tahir, Oraden and Roddy searched the water as they passed over the hippos, hoping to get a view of them underwater. The water was far too murky to see anything.
Their excitement grew as they continued on their journey, ever watchful of anything else unusual they may encounter. The only other wildlife, besides the large noisy birds flying above, was the fish, a few swimming snakes and a motionless crocodile. Finally Jeverre brought them to a swampy shore. He rose from the water and lay down in the wet grass.
“Okay. Time to get off,” he announced.
“Where are we?” Oraden asked as he got to his feet.
“You’ll see.”
Tahir opened the basket door and jumped out. “What about the mers? Where are they?”
“So how was the ride?” Jeverre asked.
“It was great!”
“We loved it!”
“I liked those hip…hipta…you know, those really big creatures in the water,” Bennie said between giggles.
“So, everyone is okay? Nobody was lost or hurt?”
“Let’s make sure. Tahir told the sprites to raise their hand when he called their name. “Meelix, Bennie, Sudlin, Figg, Caan, Reeny, Rassine, Lugg, and Triah. Everybody made it safely. Nobody lost and nobody hurt, Jeverre.” 
“I deliberately went slower than usual because I was afraid I might slosh you around too much and I didn’t want to lose anyone.”
“No, no, we were fine. Only one time a big wave came but I grabbed the little ones and held onto them thereafter. I’m sure we would be fine if you went faster,” Tahir reassured him.
“So, why are we here? Do you need to rest, Jeverre?” Sudlin asked.
“This is one of the places where the mers play.”
“Where? I don’t see any mers.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll find them. I have to go deep underwater. You wait here.”
“Oh, okay. Will you bring them back here?” Sudlin asked.
“Of course. This place is safe; you’ll be fine until I get back. It’ll be easier for me to dive without the basket.”
“Sure. How long do you think it’ll be?” Tahir asked as he removed the straps from around Jeverre’s back.
“Only a few minutes, I guess. It won’t be long; I’ll come right back, with or without them.” Jeverre plunged into the water.
Meelix wandered in the muddy grass, looking for a rock or tree stump to stand on. “I wonder where we are. Have you ever been here before, Oraden?” 
“Nothing looks familiar. I don’t think I’ve ever been this far north. And certainly not on this side of the river.”
“It doesn’t look like there’s much here.” Roddy surveyed the swampy area.
“I’ve learned to expect all sorts of things that were never expected. Don’t be fooled by the quiet.”
“Yeah, Meelix come back. Let’s just stay together until Jeverre returns,” Tahir said.
“Sure. You can say that because you’re not standing half-buried in mud.”
“Yeah, fairies only know what’s crawling up my pants,” Sudlin grumbled. 
“You guys can sit on my back,” Roddy offered.
“Finally, she’s good for something,” Oraden mumbled.
Tahir rolled his eyes at Oraden as he hoisted the sprites one by one onto Roddy’s back.
“What if Jeverre…”
“Don’t even say it!” Tahir shouted. “I know what you’re going to say, Roddy, and don’t even say it!”
“I wasn’t going to say anything wrong. Just that…”
“Roddy, just shut up. No one wants to hear it,” Oraden snapped.
“Fine.”
The little sprites anticipated a very fun day, but Oraden and Tahir were making it rather miserable. Caan was ready to go back home. Bennie and Figg hoped the friends would work it out so they could all have fun together. Meelix figured the mers would be able to cheer them up. Sudlin blamed Roddy for his friends’ foul moods. The sprites remained relatively quiet for most of the day for fear that Tahir or Oraden would snap at them. It certainly wasn’t the adventure they dreamed about for the last few days. The buzz of flying insects and the songs of frogs broke the silence. 
Tahir stared into the Nile and measured his thoughts. He hadn’t been very kind today. Time had gotten away from him. Now Oraden was contemplating the two of them going off on a long adventure. How could he break the news that he was leaving for England soon without Oraden feeling abandoned? And why can’t I figure out my magic?
Jeverre appeared moments later. “I found them!” he shouted.
The adventurers waded through the muck to greet him on the bank.
“Where are they?” Oraden asked. 
“They’re right behind me.”
Just beyond Jeverre’s long body three heads popped to the surface. The creatures quickly swam around him to the shore. They had slick, brownish-grey skin covered with a fine layer of thin black hair. Their hands and arms were human-like, except for the webbed fingers. Instead of legs, their lower bodies were like fish tails without scales. Their faces were shaped more like a lion’s—without the fur and mane, than like a human or a fish. One was a male, a little larger than the other two and sporting more facial hair. The two females had a few fine whiskers under their small round noses, and their torsos were slender and curvaceous. 
“This is Meena, Loni, and Konda. They are from the waters near the isle of Kadir. Not very far from where I am from.”
Tahir met their round black eyes. Never in his wildest dreams could he have believed such creatures existed. They were absolutely beautiful. Oraden was even more astonished than Tahir. He lived here his entire life, and not until a human boy came along did he encounter dragons and mers. He, Roddy and Tahir stepped closer toward the waters edge. The sprites held tightly to Roddy’s mane. 
“Hello. You must be Tahir,” Meena said as Tahir slowly approached them. “Jeverre has told us much about you. I think we were as anxious to meet you as you must be to meet us.” 
“I didn’t know what to expect. I didn’t know mers really existed.”
“He told us that you are not like most humans; he said you are much different from the others.”
“I’m sorry; I don’t know what you mean by ‘different’. Why aren’t I like other humans?”
“Tahir?” Oraden crept up to Tahir and whispered in his ear, “Are you talking to them?”
“Of course. Why shouldn’t I?” Tahir turned to the unicorns and sprites. Their faces were clouded with confusion. “What is wrong with everybody?”
“How can you understand what they are saying?” Oraden asked.
“What do you mean? I can understand them as easily as I can understand you. Can’t you?”
“We can hear noises,” Triah offered, “but we can’t understand anything they are saying.”
“How is it possible that I can understand them and no one else can?”
“Tahir, it could be that mers are more human than animal. So a human could better understand their language,” Jeverre explained. 
“But you can talk to them, right?”
“Of course I can. But that’s because I am magic, and Dracara at that. I can talk to all animals, birds, humans, anything and anybody.”
“But the unicorns and sprites are magic too. Why can’t they?”
“I’m not sure,” Konda answered. “I’ve never tried to communicate with sprites before.” 
“Maybe that’s what Jeverre meant when he said you were different,” Loni offered. “No other human has ever tried to communicate with us. Our ancestors have warned us that men on ships used to hunt us. We have avoided humans for many generations.”
“I don’t understand it. Everybody I meet who is not human, has a horrible story about humans. But all humans aren’t bad, at least not where I come from.”
“What did she say, Tahir?” Meelix asked.
Tahir repeated the conversation to his friends, and then turned back to the mers.
“It’s true that where I come from, we hunted animals for food, just like other meat-eating creatures. But I don’t believe those humans intended to eat you.”
“Nor do we. The story passed down to us begins when the ships first appeared in our waters and some inquisitive mers approached them. The human men stood shoulder-to-shoulder leaning over the side, yelling and pointing at them. The mers waved to greet the strangers and misinterpreted the men’s waving arms as friendly gestures. But the closer they got to the ship, the more excited the men became. Several of them jumped in, fell in, or perhaps were pushed into the water. According to the story, humans are awkward swimmers. The waters were violent. Without the gift of agility in water, the men were being swept toward a rocky shore. The mers rushed to their rescue. The men remaining aboard pelted the mers using long sticks imbedded with crocodile teeth. Some of the mers were severely injured. They immediately abandoned the rescue attempt and fled for safety deep into the sea. All of the men in the water drowned.”
“What are they saying Tahir?” Oraden asked.
Tahir ignored Oraden’s question; he was too involved in the conversation. Jeverre took it upon himself to become the interpreter.
“So they accused the mers of killing them? And that’s why they started hunting mers?”
“We think so. We don’t want to take any chances; so we stay far away from them.” Konda said.
“So, if you saw a human drowning, you wouldn’t save him?”
“That’s an interesting question, coming from you Tahir.” Meena’s brow furrowed. “It depends. If there were only one, I suppose I would try to help. But if there were more than two or three I’d let them be.” The others nodded in agreement. 
“You could just watch someone die and not help them if you could?” Tahir was astonished.
Meena moved closer to Tahir and looked deeply into his eyes. “Obviously you don’t remember me.”
Tahir was shocked. “How could I remember you?  I’ve never met you before.  What are you talking about?”
“Not a week ago, I was exploring alone when I heard a commotion on the shore. I was curious so I swam closer to investigate.  That’s when I saw you thrashing around in the water.  You were definitely not what I expected to find.  I watched you from a distance until I realized you were in trouble.  You were drowning.”
“What?  That was when I was being chased by the hyenas and…I don’t know what happened.  I found myself lying a ways down shore and I walked back and found that Jeverre was there.”
“You were but a child; alone and in trouble.  Of course I had to do something.  I grabbed you, held your head above the water and brought you to shore.  I believed you to be dead, so I breathed the breath of the mer in you.  Then I quickly retreated to the safety of the water and watched you until you began the cough of life.”
Tahir gasped. “I never knew what happened to me.  The last thing I remember was tumbling around under water.  The next thing I knew I was lying on the shore, confused and alone.  Why did you leave?” 
“I left for my own safety.  I didn’t trust what you might do once you were awake and alive again.”
Tahir was overwhelmed with emotions. “I drowned that day?  And you saved me?  Thank you so much Meena!” Tahir stared at Meena, astonished by her revelation. He dropped down to his knees before her and hugged her tightly.
Tahir’s friends watched in silence as Jeverre finished interpreting the story. 
“I’m sorry, I’m still trying to understand things. It seems that everyone I meet hates humans or is afraid of them. It’s hard for me to believe that humans have had such a negative impact on the world.”
“You don’t understand because you don’t want to,” Oraden snorted.
“I do want to. Actually, I understand far more than I did before I met all of you,” Tahir explained.
“Alright, alright. Enough serious talk. We didn’t come all this way to sit around and be serious.” Adding it all up—the unicorn attitude, the unwelcome guest, and now the species prejudice—Meelix was beginning to regret coming on this trip.
“I’m sorry. You’re right, Meelix. Tahir turned to his three new friends. “What do you like to do?” 
“We like to explore, play tag, hide and seek, or go find,” Kondo replied.
“What is ‘go find’?” Tahir asked.
“That’s when we all decide on one object and whomever can find it first, wins,” Meena explained.
“Is it always played in the water?”
“Most of the time, but not always.”
“Okay, that sounds fun.”
Tahir explained the game to the others and an object was chosen. Finally they were having fun; the previous conversation was all but forgotten.
The mers excelled at just about every game they played. Being the most agile in the water, they were virtually impossible to tag and could easily tag the others. They could also see much better in the murky water than everyone but Jeverre, and quickly found any object called out. Jeverre was at a considerable disadvantage in shallow water; he could not maneuver as well as he liked, and his size made it virtually impossible for him to hide. He also had to be extra cautious to not crush his land friends. Despite these limitations, he was having great fun playing with them all.
Jeverre spun in circles as the others attempted to jump over his tail. They climbed all over his body, their little hands and feet tickling him with every move. The mers taught the others to climb high up on his head and dive into the water. The unicorns couldn’t really participate, but they enjoyed watching the sprites gracefully spin and slice into the water. Sudlin was declared the diving champion with his perfect spiraling back-flip. Meelix wasn’t nearly as graceful, but that didn’t stop him from plopping into the water in peals of laughter.
They built sand castles, slung mud, swam and splashed until they were all so exhausted, and so covered in mud, that no one could tell Roddy from Oraden or what color clothes anyone was wearing. And no one cared. 
Despite the controversial beginning of their encounter with the mers, the day turned out to be more fun than they could have imagined. But while they played, a thief snuck into their midst and snatched time away. Too soon, they were left with a rapidly darkening sky and a long journey ahead.
Chapter Fifteen
T E S T E D
Tahir strapped the basket onto Jeverre’s back and they said goodbye to their new friends. Tahir once again expressed his gratitude to Meena for saving his life. They promised to meet again soon and declared themselves life-long friends.
They journeyed back to Elysi in high spirits; there was endless laughter and retelling of all the funny things said and done. Tahir was happy to see Oraden in a better mood, and to be free of the tension which had ridden with them that morning. After spending the day together in such vigorous play, Tahir thought that having Roddy along wasn’t so bad after all.
Jeverre stopped swimming and lifted his head out of the water.
“I’m sorry, guys, but it’s nearly dark, and if I’m not home soon my parents are going to be furious. Would it be okay if I dropped you off here? It’s not far from Elysi, but the river meanders around so much that you could probably walk faster than I could get you there.”
Tahir looked around to see if he recognized the location. He and the sprites had been here a hundred times before on little adventures. They could easily walk the rest of the journey.
“Here?” Roddy asked nervously. “But we’re not in Elysi. Anything could happen!”
“That’s okay, Jeverre,” Tahir replied, ignoring Roddy. The frightened unicorn stared at him with her mouth agape.
“We’ve walked farther than this before,” Oraden said. “In fact, I was farther away than this when I found Tahir.”
The sprites all voiced their agreement.
“Yes, it will be fun!”
“It’s okay.”
“The best berry bush is right over there. Yeah, let us out. I’m hungry.”
“Me too!” 
“But, but…”
“Don’t start, Roddy. We come out here all the time,” Tahir said. “We don’t want Jeverre to get into trouble and not be able to come back.” 
“Are you sure?” Jeverre asked.
“Tahir and Oraden can protect us.” Meelix answered.
“I’ve got my slingshot, we can be home before dark, and so can you.” Tahir reassured him.
Jeverre pulled out of the water and deposited his passengers on the bank. Meelix and the sprites worked the ropes loose, and Tahir quickly removed the basket. Jeverre hurriedly said goodbye and promised to return very soon.
The sprites ran to their favorite berry bush while Tahir hoisted the basket up on his shoulders. Roddy seemed frozen to the spot where Jeverre left her.
Tahir remembered how afraid he was when he first left home. He set the basket down near the frightened unicorn.
“Just stay close and you’ll be fine, Roddy. You weren’t scared before and we were even further away.”
“Yes, but Jeverre was with us. He’s gigantic. Nothing would hurt us with him around.”
“Nothing’s going to hurt you now, either.” Tahir said stroking Roddy’s neck. “If anything happens, turn invisible and run. Oraden and I will take care of the sprites. Come here, try some of these berries.” With a little coaxing, he led Roddy to the berry bush. He picked a few and held them up.
“Okay.” Roddy ate from Tahir’s hand, still nervously looking back and forth for predators. “These are good!” She gobbled berries from the bush, almost forgetting her fear. 
Tahir shook his head and laughed. They continued talking and laughing about the day’s adventure as they ate their fill. Tahir filled his pack with berries for the sprites who were awaiting their return.
The adventurers continued on toward Elysi. The sprites frolicked ahead, chattering amongst themselves, with Roddy following closely. Tahir and Oraden trailed behind, carrying the basket together in silence. 
“Oraden, why did you say that I don’t want to understand about the feelings between humans and animals?” Tahir asked.
“I don’t think you think,” he replied. “We talked about this before. Humans are killers and conquerors. They don’t want to co-exist with us. They want to dominate or eliminate.”
“But where I’m from we didn’t eliminate or dominate.”
“Yes, you did. What about your camels or your chickens?”
“We took care of them and treated them well. Yeah, we ate the chickens and rode the camels, but does that really make us evil?”
“I guess that depends on who or what you are.”
“Stupid human.”
Tahir stopped dead in his tracks. “What did you call me?”
“Huh? I didn’t call you anything. I said ‘that depends on who and what you are’.” Oraden repeated.
“Yeah, and then you called me a ‘stupid human’!” Tahir threw the basket to the side.
“I did not!” Oraden turned to face him, his eyes glaring. 
“Yes you did! I heard you. I’m sick of you teasing me because I don’t know something.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Tahir.”
“You don’t have to call me names, you know. I admit there are still a lot of things I don’t know, but I’m smart enough to ask questions. But you! You just pretend to know everything and make fun of everybody else!”
Roddy and the sprites stopped to watch the argument.
“Tahir,” Roddy called. “Oraden didn’t call you stupid.”
“I didn’t. But since you brought it up Tahir, it is very annoying that whenever we get ready to do something you have to ask a million questions first. You want everything the easy way. You don’t even try! You want us to show you and teach you everything instead of learning for yourself!” Oraden yelled.
“Unlike you, of course. The magnificent Oraden who knows all!” Tahir shouted, waving his arms in the air.
“I know how to swim, and it didn’t take twenty beings to teach me, either!”
“You know what, Oraden; you’re just a mean ole jackal! In fact, you’re no better than Kodah!”
“Shut up, Tahir!” Oraden paced circles around Tahir.
“Alright you two. Come on, let’s just go home,” Roddy said.
“Shut up, Roddy!” They shouted in unison.
“And you’re nothing more than a lazy, two legged fool! You’re supposed to learn by doing. How long have you been here? And you still don’t even know your own magic! I guess you are stupid!” Oraden shouted.
“Please stop fighting!” the sprites pleaded. “You’re supposed to be friends!”
Tahir was getting angrier by the second. He kept his eyes on the unicorn pacing around him.
“And you’ve been here your entire life and you didn’t even know about dragons or mers! Thought you said you explored this whole area. You’re so stupid you don’t even know your own territory!”
Oraden’s horn radiated with the crimson heat of rage. He stopped pacing to stare into Tahir’s eyes.
“Stop it you guys! Please!” Roddy begged.
“Shut up, Tahir! You don’t know what you’re talking about!”
“There you go again. Just another way of calling me stupid!”
“Well, I couldn’t call you stupid if you ever said or did something smart, could I?”
“You know, you’re right, Oraden. I think I will start doing more. And I’m going to begin by making you shut your mouth, you nasty animal!”
Oraden reared up, his hind legs kicking the air, his horn and eyes like flaming embers; he charged Tahir head on. Tahir side-stepped the glowing horn but was not swift enough to avoid being knocked to the ground by Oraden’s shoulder.
“Ha! Who’s shutting up who now?” Oraden snorted as he kicked sand and sticks onto Tahir. 
Tahir grabbed a stone and threw it, hitting Oraden just to the side of his eye. Oraden neighed and staggered back. Tahir jumped to his feet and pounced onto Oraden’s back. The young unicorn bucked and kicked, but Tahir gripped his neck and kicked his sides as he was jerked to and fro. 
“Tahir! Oraden! Stop! Please! You guys are going to get hurt!”
The sprites screamed and cried as they scurried to avoid Oraden’s hooves. Roddy watched helplessly.
Oraden tried to rear up and throw Tahir off, but the majority of Tahir’s weight was on his neck, making it difficult to lift his head.
“Let go!” he snorted.
“No!” Tahir screamed, tightening his arms around Oraden’s sweaty neck. He swung his legs around to the ground and using all of his strength, grabbed Oraden’s head and flipped the unicorn off his feet. Oraden’s body slammed hard on the ground.
Roddy, the sprites and Meelix ran to where Tahir held him down in a headlock. They screamed at them to give up the fight. Oraden continued to snort and kick wildly. Sudlin ran to Tahir, pulled on his clothing and pleaded for him to let Oraden go.
“Get away from me, Sudlin!”
“Tahir! Just stop! Let him go!”
Finally, desperate to end the senseless battle, Sudlin ignored Oraden’s flailing legs and scurried up Tahir’s tunic. Tahir tried to shake him off without loosening his hold on Oraden’s head, but the unicorn jerked free. While Oraden struggled to his feet, Tahir punched his head and neck as hard as he could. Oraden immediately retaliated by kicking and stomping the boy. Tahir rolled in the ground dodging the attack. When Oraden charged, Tahir jumped on his back and continued punching and kicking. He was thrown off again and again until both were covered with bruises and sand.
Everyone was so caught up in the adolescents’ fight that no one noticed they were being watched. Six pairs of eyes closed in on the odd group: watching, waiting for them to grow weary, or for the loser to fall. Then the hyenas would move in for their feast—and quite the feast it would be: a variety of sizes and tastes. A buffet of sorts, rare to the deserts in which they dwelled. The leader of the pack recognized them as the same creatures that pestered them so many times. Meals often taste best when flavored with the sweet taste of revenge. But for now they must wait.
“Tahir! Oraden!” Roddy shouted desperately. Once again, the friends ignored Roddy’s plea. Roddy jumped in front of Oraden, carefully sidestepping Tahir’s bruised body, to block his attack.
“Get out of my way or you’ll be next!” Oraden snapped.
“But, Oraden, look…”
Pain rang through Oraden’s left ear from a rock loosed by Tahir’s slingshot. He was on his feet, dancing around Roddy, punching Oraden in the sides with both fists. Oraden charged and knocked Roddy and Tahir to the ground. Tahir scrambled fast to avoid the brutal kicks, but Oraden managed to get a hard hoof in his right shoulder and a few others in his back and sides. As he rolled in the sand he found a large branch. Gripping it with both hands, he shoved the leafy end into Oraden’s face, stabbing the smaller branches into the unicorn’s eyes and nose. Oraden backed off, wincing from pain and panting from exhaustion. 
“You can give up now if you want, Oraden,” Tahir taunted as he slowly rose to his feet. “I won’t tell Kodah you’re just a big wimp!” 
They faced off for a moment; each trying to catch his breath and hoping the other would not attack again.
“I’m going to…” Oraden paused. He was suddenly aware that they were being watched. They all froze. 
The hyenas growled and began closing in.
“Hyenas!” Meelix gasped. They all huddled closer together. 
“Roddy, get up!” Tahir whispered, never taking his eyes from the snarling beasts.
Roddy knelt on the ground. She was so terrified that she couldn’t make herself move. She’d been told there were dangers outside of Elysi, and that such creatures existed, but she never thought she’d ever see one.
“Tahir, what do we do?” Rassine asked in a hushed voice.
“When I say go, jump on Oraden or Roddy’s back and you guys run back to Elysi.” He slowly reached for his slingshot. “I’ll be right behind you. If I can jump on your back I will, so don’t be scared, Oraden.”
“But, but hyenas don’t bother unicorns,” Roddy stammered.
“Well, they do bother us!” Caan whispered.
Should we do something?
No, they’re supposed to do it themselves.
What if they can’t?
I don’t like this…
“They’re hungry; look at them, I can see their ribs from here. You have to get up, Roddy.” Tahir turned his head toward Roddy to see why she was still kneeling. “Roddy, get…”
Sudlin lay motionless between Roddy’s knees. Tahir had forgotten all about him. The last he remembered, the little sprite was scrambling up his chest just before Oraden started kicking.
The hyenas were in attacking range now.
“Roddy,” he said calmly and quietly, “I’ll get Sudlin. You get up and…GO!”
Tahir had his slingshot ready. He fired stones fast and hard at the hyenas. Oraden dropped to his knees as the sprites and Meelix scrambled for stones and then helped each other climb onto his back. As soon as they were all aboard they threw stones to protect Oraden from their attackers.
Tahir ran as fast as he could to Sudlin. He scooped the unconscious sprite up and tucked him safely into his robe before Oraden galloped past with the pack of hyenas on his hooves. Tahir barely turned around before the hyenas were upon him. He held Sudlin tight against his chest and struggled to keep the gnashing fangs from his neck.
Still paralyzed with fear, Roddy stared at the hyenas bounding toward her.
“Tahir!” the sprites screamed.
Though he felt no pain, Tahir could see blood running down his arms and splattering on the hyenas’ muzzles.
We have to help him!
No! Nayani said we’re not supposed to help them unless wizards come.
We never listen to her, why start now?
Because he’s watching!
Oh.
Oraden managed to hit one of the hyenas square in the chest with his hind legs, sending it flying into a date palm; it did not get up again. As a hyena bounded toward Roddy, Oraden leapt over her motionless body, lowered his head and met the predator head-on in the air, piercing the animal with his horn. 
Caan, Lugg and Figg lost their grip and flew from the unicorn’s back. Meelix moved quickly; he stretched his long, strong arm and grabbed Lugg in mid air. The momentum pulled him from his seat on Oraden’s neck, but he held tightly to the unicorn’s mane. The two dangled in the thick mane. Meelix swung his friend up onto Oraden’s back and away from the frantic beast impaled on Oraden’s horn. The animal yelped as the horn penetrated his torso. Both dropped to the ground, the hyena still impaled.
“Get up Roddy!” Oraden screamed, frantically shaking his head to get the panicking hyena off of his face. Oraden finally shook him off and fired a barrage of kicks at the animal. Roddy finally came to her senses and scrambled to her feet. She ran past the preoccupied hyenas to find Figg and Caan on the ground several feet away.
“Hurry, hop on!” she called to them. The sprites scrambled up her tail. Roddy took off through the palms, not waiting for the sprites to get completely situated. One of the hyenas Oraden kicked away gave chase. Oraden, grateful for the distraction, charged the hyenas attacking Tahir; he stabbed one and knocked the other to its side. Tahir quickly rolled away from Oraden’s stomping feet and snatched a large stick. Careful not to drop Sudlin, he ran to Oraden’s side; together they beat and kicked the two hyenas until they stopped moving. He could barely stand straight, and Oraden wobbled on four feet. They were covered in blood, bruises and sweat. Oraden glanced at the bulge in Tahir’s tunic, but didn’t have time to ask if Sudlin was all right. Tahir didn’t want to think the sprite was dead, and he didn’t have time to think about it anyway. 
Roddy ran in circles through the oasis, partly to keep one of the hyenas occupied, but mostly because she didn’t know the way back home. Seeing Tahir and Oraden standing, she ran toward her friends.
“What do I do? What do I do?” she screamed hysterically.
Four hyenas were still standing. They were tired and hurt, but they weren’t ready to give up just yet. As Roddy approached, Oraden began a slow gallop, watching to see if Tahir could keep up. Tahir spun the slingshot overhead as he ran behind Oraden, carefully holding Sudlin in his other arm. The injured hyenas regrouped as well, and the four quickly gave chase. The sprites had long run out of sticks and stones to throw, so all they could do was hold on as tightly as their little hands could and pray that one of the hyenas didn’t jump up and snatch any of them away. Oraden ignored his bleeding legs and ran as fast as they would let him. 
Suddenly, familiar landmarks caught Tahir’s attention; they were near a camp he and Oraden had set up on their adventures in this area.
“Oraden, Roddy! This way!” Tahir motioned for them to follow as he ran with newfound energy in the direction of their campground. Hidden there was food, firewood, and blankets for occasions when they stayed out here exploring. Most importantly, the campsite was where his bow and arrows were stored; if he could reach them he could shoot the hyenas.
“Oraden! The campsite! My arrows!” he screamed between breaths.
Oraden understood. So did the sprites.
“Oraden,” Meelix whispered into his ear, “we can distract the hyenas, I think. Well, the sprites can, like in the game we played when we met Jeverre.”
Oraden didn’t understand, but if the sprites had a plan he was listening.
“Yes!” Lugg agreed. “When we get to the campsite, run by small trees and bushes and we’ll jump off.”
Get ready to jump off guys; we have to distract these hyenas!
I thought we weren’t helping?
We can help a little, good fairies!
Just no magic!
They were getting close to the campsite, Tahir firing rocks, Oraden and Roddy kicking. Human, unicorns and hyenas were spent, but no one was surrendering. Tahir finally reached his bow and arrows and threw down the slingshot. As directed, Oraden and Roddy ran near the trees so the little people could jump into the saplings and bushes. Oraden stopped running and kicked wildly at the hyenas that had been biting and scratching at his flanks.
One hyena went straight for Tahir, who was struggling with his bow. The boy didn’t realize how badly he’d been injured; his hands and arms were covered in blood. He could barely hold his weapon properly, and pulling the string back was nearly impossible. He saw the hyena pouncing in time to turn and face it. It knocked him to the ground. With Sudlin safely stowed under a bush, he only had to worry about himself. He pushed against the hyena’s neck and punched its face, trying to avoid its blood stained teeth. Oraden could not help; he could barely keep the two hyenas off of himself. Tahir could see his kicks becoming slower and weaker. He was going down with a hyena ripping his back and two more biting his sides. The sprites frantically hit the hyenas in an attempt to keep them from attacking full force. Roddy was nowhere to be seen. 
Meelix grabbed one of the hyena’s tails and muscled his way up the creature’s back. His ankle hurt from the jump, but he found he could climb better just using his arms anyway. He swung like a monkey through the hyena’s fur, climbing up to its head. Using all his gnome strength and stone-hard fists, he threw rapid-fire punches into the hyena’s face. It pawed at him and shook its head, but he was relentless. Meelix bit down on the hyena’s ear and ripped off a chunk. Blood erupted from the wound; the hyena yelped in pain. The taste of the beast’s blood sent Meelix into a rage. He punched and bit the hyena relentlessly, refusing to let go despite how much the beast shook and scratched at him. 
Look at Meelix!
Told you!
Tahir was still on his back with a hyena snarling in his face. This time, though, he was not defenseless. Using his arrow as a dagger, he stabbed the hyena repeatedly, hard and fast. The predator finally stopped moving and slumped over Tahir. He pushed the monster aside and loaded his bow with a new arrow. Aiming first for the hyena on Oraden’s neck, he fired and hit it in the side. He quickly reloaded and fired again. The arrow hit its mark and the hyena dropped to the ground. The sprites beat it with sticks. Tahir loaded another arrow. 
He couldn’t see exactly what was happening, but one hyena franticly shook its head and yelped. He could barely make out Meelix’s figure flailing and punching in all the commotion. He let the arrow fly and the hyena dropped dead on the ground. Meelix roared and stomped the slain hyena, his arms, face and chest covered in its blood. 
Only one hyena remained: old and scarred, it’s fur knotted and faded. It looked at Tahir and snarled. Realizing it was defeated, his pack dead, it turned and ran before Tahir let the arrow fly. 
He lowered his weapon and set it down. Oraden fell to his knees and lay on his side panting. Meelix looked over to where the other sprites were resting and catching their breath. Jumping from Oraden at full gallop wasn’t as easy as he would have liked.
“Are you all alright?” Bennie asked as he surveyed everyone’s condition. “Oraden?”
He slowly nodded, but didn’t speak.
“Tahir?”
“I, I just need to rest…”
“I think I hurt my ankle,” Meelix groaned. “Where’s Sudlin?”
“Under that bush,” Tahir whimpered from his curled up position on the ground. He felt intense pain in his arms and side, and was very weak.
The sprites ran to the bush Tahir indicated. Sudlin was alive and awake but dizzy. Rassine knelt to examine him. She determined that he had a few broken ribs and a dislocated shoulder, possibly even suffered a head injury, as he seemed quite disoriented and nauseous. With Meelix’s help, they were able to pop his shoulder back into place and carry him to the others.
Meelix instinctively took charge of the situation. It was already well into night, and Oraden and Tahir were in no condition to continue the journey to Rhykell.
“Okay everyone, looks like we’re spending the night here. Bennie, you get the fire going,” he ordered. “Lugg and Caan, hurry to Rhykell and bring back the healers and any gnomes who might be able to help. Make sure you bring plenty of pails, bandages and blankets so we can clean them up. Rassine, do what you can to tend to their wounds.”
“Lugg,” Oraden whimpered, “will you go find my mother and father please?”
“Of course.” The sprite reassuringly stroked Oraden’s sweat-soaked neck.
“Yes, take Roddy. You can travel faster that way,” Meelix instructed.
Roddy knelt so the sprites could easily mount her, and then galloped under Lugg’s direction back toward Elysi. Bennie already had the firewood piled and was busy getting a flame started.
“Reeny, find some healing tree leaves for these guys,” Rassine asked. “I may be able to stop the pain.”
“What can I do, Meelix?” Triah asked. 
“Help me and Figg make them as comfortable as possible. We have blankets over there.” Meelix pointed to the wooden chest they had constructed for their play campsite.
The sprites placed the healing leaves on Tahir, Oraden and Sudlin’s wounds. Rassine found a suitable stick that Meelix could use as a cane. They made a bed of leaves for Sudlin and wrapped him in a blanket. He was more conscious of his surroundings and began asking questions. Last he remembered, he was crawling up Tahir’s clothes, trying to break up the fight. As the sprites worked, they excitedly told Sudlin what happened. Soon, the gnomes arrived, carrying pails of clean water, bandages, blankets, food, medicine, herbs and weapons. As more people arrived, the sprites told the story again and again, tactfully leaving out Oraden and Tahir’s squabble. Even the gnomes were excited about the adventure and amazed by Tahir’s skill as a marksman.
“Hey!” Caan shouted. “This hyena is still alive!”
The little people cautiously approached the fallen beast. Sure enough, even though Tahir hit it with two arrows, it still breathed.
“What should we do?”
“It would be cruel to just leave him to die slowly.”
“We could use his teeth and fur.”
“We can’t kill him! He’s very young. This was probably his first hunt.”
“He’s no danger to us now.”
“Well, not yet, but what if he gets up?”
“Maybe if we are kind to him, he will be our friend.”
“He’s a hyena! How can we be friends with a meat-eater?”
“The gnomes are meat-eaters.”
“Gnomes don’t eat sprites! And you eat meat too!”
“Still, we can’t just let him die.”
“Well, don’t say I didn’t warn you!”
The sprites agreed, despite the gnomes’ warning, to help the young hyena. They carefully removed the arrows and cleaned his wounds.
* * * * *
Back in Elysi, Lugg, Caan and Roddy searched the meadow for Diamond.
“Diamond! Diamond!” they shouted, as Roddy galloped through the grass.
“Quiet down! Some may be sleeping. What is it, Roddy?”
“Oraden was hurt and he needs you!” Roddy panted. “Come, this way!”
“Calm down. My word. What has he gotten himself into now? Tell him to come here and let me look at him.”
“No, I don’t think he can. We were attacked by hyenas and…”
“Hyenas! Oraden? When? How? Oh, fairies! Where is he?”
“This way.” Roddy turned to lead her back.
“Ramah!” Diamond neighed. The stag was nibbling on fruit near the river when he heard his mates’ desperate call.  He galloped quickly to her side.
“Good fairies! What is it?”
“Oraden is in trouble! Come! Roddy, lead the way!” she ordered.
Roddy, Diamond and Ramah galloped through the woods. At full speed it only took the unicorns a few minutes to reach the small campsite. By the time they reached Oraden, all the injured, hyena included; whom they called ‘Belly’ because that’s where they’d all likely end up, Bennie joked, were well taken care of, cleaned and comfortable. Roddy let the sprites down and gratefully accepted some water from one of the pails the gnomes brought over.
“Oraden! Are you alright?” Diamond cried.
After having some time to rest and drink, Oraden was much improved; the safflower dressing the sprites put on him dulled the pain quite a bit. Hearing the sprites tell of his bravery made him feel a lot better, too. He would have been proud of himself was it not for the fact that he was in big trouble with his parents.
“Yes, Mother, I’m fine.”
She circled him inspecting his injuries while shaking her head. Yes, he would be fine. The sprites and gnomes had done an excellent job. Oraden looked up at his father, not sure what to expect.
“What about you, Tahir?” Diamond asked as she moved to inspect her other son.
Tahir sat up when he saw Diamond and Ramah approach.
“Yes, I’m okay too.”
Relieved that they were both okay, her worry quickly became anger.
“Why were you playing outside of Elysi?” she demanded. “I told you it was dangerous!”
“At the very least, if you insist upon playing in dangerous places, why would you not pay attention to your surroundings?” Ramah asked. “Oraden, you have the power to frighten most animals away! You know that!”
“We didn’t see them coming,” Oraden confessed.
Roddy meant to stay as inconspicuous as possible.
“How is that possible?” Diamond was shocked.
Oraden stared at the ground.
“Tahir?” 
He too stared at the ground, ashamed to reveal that they’d been fighting.
Diamond knew by their silence they were doing something they shouldn’t have been, something far worse than just leaving Elysi.
“Roddy! Get over here!” Ramah called angrily. “How did hyenas manage to sneak up on two unicorns, a boy, and a herd of sprites and gnomes? I don’t see how that is possible! Have you no senses?”
“Well…I, um,” Roddy stammered. Tahir and Oraden glared at her, hoping she wouldn’t tell. But Ramah knew he could scare Roddy into talking, even if he couldn’t with his own son.
“Roddy!” He demanded. “What happened? Why couldn’t you sense danger approaching? It is a basic skill all animals possess, even humans. I’m beginning to think something may be wrong with you all!” 
Roddy looked from Tahir to Oraden to Diamond and Ramah. Ramah stepped toward Roddy, wearing the angriest scowl he owned. As afraid as Roddy was to get Oraden and Tahir mad at her, she was even more afraid to have Ramah mad at her.
“We were all too busy trying to break up the fight that…”
“Fight?” Diamond interrupted. She stared at Tahir and Oraden in disbelief. “You two were fighting?”
“Did hyenas even attack?” Ramah accused. “Or did you do this to each other?”
“No! Hyenas did attack us.” Oraden answered.
“We wouldn’t lie!” Tahir added.
“Fairies forgive them! Tahir, how could you? Over the years I have treated you as if you were one of my own. I would do anything for you. And for what? You run my baby away from home every chance you get. You keep him in trouble. And the danger! Oh yes, I heard about that lion thing that chased you two!”
Tahir was shocked. He glanced at Oraden who looked equally shocked. 
“Are you trying to kill him? Or yourself? Why would you hurt him? Why would you hurt him?” she cried.
“You see the boy is also injured. It was a fight; both are equally at fault. You cannot blame one and not the other.” Ramah stared down at them both for a moment. “You two have a lot of explaining to do.”
They both hung their heads low.
“Roddy! You were here. What happened?”
Tahir looked at Oraden allowing his eyes to ask, what should we tell them? 
“Father, I don’t even remember how it started.” Oraden blurted. “We were just talking and then I think I said something and Tahir got angry, and then I got angry and I think that’s what started it.”
“What? You have said nothing! ‘None of my business’? Is that what you’re trying to tell me?” He seemed to calm down. He remembered being a colt and getting into plenty of stupid fights with his friends, too. “Well, I guess I can respect that.”
“What? They have no business that is none of our business. Their business is our business and they have no business fighting like that!” Diamond interjected. “They are friends! They could have really hurt each other.”
“But no one really got hurt when we were fighting. Well, except for Sudlin.” Tahir tried to explain. Ramah’s eyes lit up when he heard Sudlin’s name. Oraden shot him an angry look. Tahir instantly regretted what he said. How could he make such a stupid slip? 
“Sudlin? Isn’t he the sprite?”
“Yes, but…” Tahir tried to explain.
“You were fighting with a sprite? That is ridiculous! If you want to kill each other that’s one thing, but to fight a sprite?”
“But Father we weren’t…” Oraden tried to explain, but Ramah wasn’t listening. He was livid. He didn’t mind Oraden fighting his equals so much, but he would not tolerate a bully. 
“Roddy! How is the poor creature now?” Diamond asked.
“He’s got a few broken ribs, maybe, and a head injury. He’s right over there.” Roddy gestured to where Sudlin lay wrapped in blankets.
“It’s okay Diamond, I’ll be fine,” Sudlin said.
“No, Sudlin, it’s not okay. Any one of you could have been seriously injured, or worse. I am so disappointed in you two. ”
“You two should be ashamed of yourselves! Oraden, I know you know better. You have been told not to fight your entire life. As for you, Tahir I would think between your parents and our teachings, you should know better too. And picking on someone smaller than you! I, I don’t know what to think anymore. And the lies, Oraden! You promised us you would stay out of the desert. We warned you over and over; there are dangers far worse than hyenas out here. Dangers that you should pray you never find!” 
“We’re sorry, Ramah. We didn’t mean to hurt Sudlin.” Tahir once again tried to explain.
“It’s true,” Roddy interrupted. “They weren’t fighting Sudlin, they were fighting each other and Sudlin tried to stop them. I don’t think they even saw him.”
“If you two weren’t fighting, he wouldn’t have been hurt and you probably could have prevented the hyenas from attacking you. Now I understand; causing all that commotion, I don’t see how you could’ve seen a Dracara approaching!”
Ramah was at his wit’s end. His nostrils flared and his horn glowed as Oraden’s did when he was angry. Diamond took a deep breath to calm herself. Oraden and Tahir remained silent. Ramah would never get them to talk, so she stepped between her husband and the two injured youths. She gave him a look he’d know meant to stand down. She knew he thought she was too gentle, that they needed a scolding. His lip curled and he frowned, but the red glow from his horn faded; she gently nudged him away with her snout. He snorted and stomped his feet. He’d fought hordes of trolls, jackals, other unicorns and hyenas. He crossed a desert battling fatigue, hunger and thirst. The only person or thing he’d never dare fight was Diamond; that was a battle he knew he could never win. He stomped away with a swish of his tail, but not so far as to not hear what was being said.
“Tahir,” Diamond said, in a sweet, motherly voice. She knelt down between her two boys, gently nuzzling their faces. “What is really troubling you and Oraden? It must have been something major for the two of you to fight like this. We just want to help, that’s all.”
Tahir sighed.
“I guess I’ve been kind of tense lately because I realized that if I am going to be a warrior, I’m going to have to leave for England very soon and I’m not quite ready to leave my friends and family just yet.”
“Is that all?” Diamond asked.
“And I haven’t figured out my magic yet. I’d hate to leave without knowing what kind of magic I have. It’s just so frustrating. When I first learned that I have magic I was so excited. Oraden and the sprites have been trying to help me figure out what it is, and I still don’t know.” 
“Tahir, I’ve explained before. The magic will show itself when the time is right. Is it possible it may have already revealed itself and you missed it?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Hmm. Alright, Oraden. What about you? What has been troubling you lately?”
“Well, I know Tahir’s been thinking about England and I realized today that as much as I have explored around here, its nothing compared to what else is out there. I learned that there’s so much out there that I want to see and do. I don’t think that means there’s something wrong with me does it?” 
“No, baby of course not. You’re just more adventurous than the rest of us. Maybe we are the ones who aren’t normal.”
“Mother, I want to go to England with Tahir.”
“What?” Tahir jerked his head to face his friend. “You never told me you wanted to go to England with me.”
“You never asked me. You talk about going all the time and you know how much I like to explore. I just thought maybe you didn’t want me along.”
“I’d love for you to come with me! I just thought you wouldn’t want to leave your family. I don’t know if we’ll ever come back.”
“I know, but I still want to go!”
“Wait a minute; no one is going anywhere just yet.” Ramah said with annoyance in his voice. “You two obviously aren’t mature enough to play in Elysi without getting into trouble. Putting yourselves and others in danger!”
“But, Ramah,” said a small voice.
“You should be ashamed!” Ramah continued.
“Excuse me, Ramah?”
Ramah looked around to see where the tiny voice came from.
“Hello, Ramah. I’m Meelix. We’ve been listening to everything you said, and I understand that you are upset, but Oraden and Tahir take good care of us.”
“Yes,” Figg agreed. “And they put us in no danger that we wouldn’t already get into by ourselves.”
“I can’t count how many times Tahir and Oraden have saved us. Even today, they rescued each other from the hyenas, and protected all of us.”
“Oraden saved me, too.” Roddy added.
“Yes, Oraden and Tahir aren’t bad,” Caan said.
“They help us with our chores, so we get finished with our work super fast, too,” Lugg chimed in. 
“They do increase productivity,” Triah agreed.
The sprites retold the story of how bravely they fought the hyenas, enriching the story by acting out their favorite parts. They even began telling stories of other adventures they went on over the years. Diamond and Ramah listened intently, almost forgetting how angry they were. They often knew very little of their son’s adventures. They always thought him a loner, perhaps even socially inept; they worried about him finding a mate or one day being rejected by the herd. They had no idea he had so many friends.
One by one the sprites fell asleep listening to the stories by the campfire. Oraden and Tahir tried to stay awake to hear the tales of their adventures, but the sky was so dark, the day seemed like two. Oraden rested his head against his mother, listening to her heartbeat; his eyelids heavy. Despite his desire to stay awake, sleep consumed him. 
Roddy made her bed close to Diamond. Although she was afraid to be outside of the safety of Elysi, she felt much safer with Ramah standing guard. She too, quickly fell asleep. 
Ramah stood over his family and friends. He paced the campsite, keeping the fire going by occasionally kicking more twigs into the blaze. He hoped no danger would come. He had his fair share of fights with hyenas, wolves, unicorns and ogres alike. More than most, actually. Oraden and he were not unalike. Now Ramah was getting old and losing some of his speed. He was still just as strong, and just as mean, but he couldn’t run as fast as he once could and he tired more quickly.
As the younglings easily found sleep, Diamond remained awake. There were many things she did not understand. How was it that Tahir could speak to the mers? What gave Oraden such a thirst for adventure and danger? Now this talk of England again. She always knew of Tahir’s plan, but hoped he would forget about it or at least not want to drag Oraden along. Still, she always knew she would not be able to keep Oraden in Elysi forever. His curiosity and thrill-seeking nature just could not be contained. She left the sleeping children to speak with Ramah. 
“Ramah,” she whispered. He heard her footsteps before her soft neigh. He motioned with his head for her to follow him; they strolled a short distance away from the sleeping group. Diamond looked back at her children. Lit by the warm glow of the fire, she could easily see their bruises and wounds. Just as easily, she could see the pride and contentment on their faces. She could only imagine what was racing through their heads as they dreamed.
“I know what’s keeping you from sleeping, Diamond,” he said. 
“Ramah, we knew when we took Tahir in that he had it in his mind to go to England. This comes as no surprise. He’s talked about it a lot over the years. And you can’t tell me you didn’t see this coming. Oraden was exploring and going on adventures long before he met Tahir. Now, we can’t keep Tahir here forever. Nor do I believe we can keep Oraden here forever. We may be able to keep him from going to England, but it’s only a matter of time before he leaves us for his own adventure. Once Tahir leaves, what would keep him here? At least together they can look out for each other.”
“Look at them Diamond! Do you call that looking after each other? They could’ve gotten someone killed! What will happen when there are no sprites to tend to their wounds?”
“I believe they learned their lesson. Besides, I saw that look of pride in your eye as the sprites told us how they fought the hyenas and escaped the lion. Not only did they save themselves, they protected Roddy and the sprites and gnomes as well.”
“They barely escaped the teeth of a scrawny pack of hyenas. You know just as well as I do the true dangers that lie beyond our oasis, or have you already forgotten?”
“Of course I haven’t forgotten, don’t be foolish! I have however, gone on a few adventures of my own.”
“What?”
“I wanted to see for myself, if all humans were evil, or if it were only a few. I have seen humans lovingly petting and caring for their animals. They are fed, played with and groomed. Some even seemed to be loved; perhaps they are slaves, but it is a symbiotic relationship. Like most creatures, I think perhaps some humans are bad and others are good.” 
“Even if there are some good humans as you say, does that mean we should ignore the danger the bad ones pose?” Ramah shook his head. “I am not so easy to forgive, Diamond, and I am shocked you would be. You know there is much at stake, more than us just losing a child. We cannot afford to send Oraden off, unprotected with the hope that he will only encounter the nice humans. Quite frankly, I am not convinced there are so many of them!”
“What about Tahir? Can you truly tell me you see nothing in him?”
“What is there to see? He is a human with a sad past. One who was lucky enough to be welcomed here. That’s all. Left with his own kind, he would be just like the rest of them.”
“No.” She looked over at the sleeping human. “There is more, much more. He has magic, powerful magic I suspect. There are forces at play here that are far more powerful than we know. Tahir was brought here for reasons I will not pretend to know. Use your magic, and truly see. Look past your bias and anger and the danger and fear. See with the magic you were given and tell me you believe Oraden was meant to stay in Elysi. That these two weren’t brought together for a bigger purpose, that every bone in his body, every step that he takes isn’t pulling Oraden toward some journey we could only imagine. He is the Black Unicorn; he is called to a destiny bigger than grazing in a meadow. I don’t know what he is called for, but what if there is too much at stake to keep him hidden here?”
Ramah closed his eyes. He tried to see what Diamond saw. Perhaps his purpose wasn’t to protect his son and keep him hidden from an evil world. Perhaps, it was to prepare him to face it. 
Chapter Sixteen
R E V E L A T I O N S
“Ramah, Diamond!” The ground before the two unicorns erupted as Nayani’s branches sprang from beneath the surface. “Ramah, Diamond! Come at once, and bring your young.”
She shriveled back into the ground and burrowed away. Ramah neighed for Tahir and Oraden as they galloped after the dryad meandering under the ground.
The boys immediately abandoned their game and darted after their parents. Their scars suffered from the fight between themselves and the hyenas were nearly healed, but the frustration  Diamond and Ramah suffered from the ordeal was still fresh.
  The four raced after Nayani, who left her trail of disturbed earthen debris. They bounded around shrubbery and leapt over fallen trees. She led them to the very southern edge of Elysi, before exploding from the ground extending her long graceful branches, signaling them to stop.
“Do not take another step,” she commanded. “Danger is very near.”
“What is it?” Ramah peeked from behind her branches out into the desert. In the distance, there were three cloaked riders.
“Your son spends far too much time in the desert, Ramah.” Nayani outstretched one of her many branches and the ground began to shift. Slowly the grass, trees, plants, rocks and sticks, all of Elysi floated forward. Tahir and the unicorns staggered as Nayani guided the invisible oasis over the dunes toward the dark riders.
Ramah swallowed hard as they approached the humans. He recognized their robes. He recognized the man’s voice, his distinct accent. His was a face the unicorn would never forget.
Diamond recognized him as well, and his sister. The third person was unfamiliar, but if she was anything like the company she kept, Diamond wanted nothing to do with her.
“Why are you bringing us to them?” Diamond’s horn glowed as she backed away.
“They cannot see or hear us, but I wanted you to see and know: they are still searching, after all these years.” Nayani lowered her hand and the ground beneath them came to a stop.  They were just close enough to get a good look at the three wizards.
“Who are they?” Tahir asked.
“The twin wizards, Guillaume and Gaëlle. The third is Fausta, the Brotherhood’s newest recruit. I’ve been watching them for some time. They know Elysi is near. Gaëlle in particular is desperate to find it, to find you, Oraden.” she gently placed a long, thin, branch-like finger under his chin, raising it ever so slightly. “They never will. Unless of course, they are lead here by foolish sprites and rebellious younglings.” she glared at Oraden a moment before withdrawing her tender branch. 
“They’re looking for us?” Oraden inched closer to the boundary that Nayani created. “Why?”
“Stay back, Oraden.” Ramah snapped. They watched the twins argue amongst themselves while Fausta crouched in the sand. 
“You do not even begin to understand the danger you put us all in, the sacrifices made to ensure your safety. While you frolic and play, disregarding my warnings, they are searching. Desperately searching. Pray to the fairies they do not find you.”
Nayani guided the magical oasis away from the three wizards and disappeared into the sand.
“Pray to the fairies they do not find you.” Her final words echoed in the trees. 
“Who are those people, and why would they be looking for me?” Oraden asked.
The family watched the shadowy figures in the distance. Ramah’s stomach tightened so, he felt he may vomit. He looked over at his mate; her muscles trembled in fear. His eyes met hers. It was time. 
Like all parents, Diamond and Ramah wanted to protect their child from the evils of the world; they wanted to shelter him from those that sought to cause him harm. In fact, they didn’t even want him to know of their existence. After all, Elysi was safe, Demetrius promised them that. If Oraden would just stay within the safety of the Elysi, he would never need to know, but he and Tahir wouldn’t stay in the meadow. They refused to be limited to boundaries. The entire oasis was theirs to explore; the valley, the beautiful meadow, Rykell, the long and winding river and the surrounding forests and woodlands; a vast and wondrous place, unlike any other, protected by so many watchful entities that most would never want to leave.  And yet, Oraden and Tahir would not stay put.  
After their bout with the hyenas and their discussion of going to England together, the boys were unstoppable. All of Elysi heard about their battle. They strutted through the woods like heroes, the taste of fame made them hunger for even more. With each passing day they became more eager to leave for England and become true heroes. Diamond was right; it was only a matter of time before they ran off alone, never to be seen again.
Ramah wasn’t really worried about Tahir; he knew humankind would inevitably accept him. Oraden on the other hand; a black unicorn would make a wonderful trophy or perhaps a pet to ignorant humans. Those who knew of the legends, who knew of his power however, would be all too eager to get their hands on his son and use him for their evil purposes. He wasn’t even sure if Oraden was aware of his magic, and how it made almost every wizard a threat to him, but Ramah knew. He was well aware of the types of creatures and humans that would be drawn to his son, the ones that sought him now, and had witnessed the depths of their evil.
They had to tell Oraden what was out there; they had to tell him the story of how he was conceived, of how they came to live in Elysi. It was a conversation he never wanted to have and took the conjuration of memories he never wanted to relive. More than just the life of his son depended on his safety, much more. 
Diamond shook her head. “There must be another way.”
“It must be done.” Ramah’s head hung low, his voice barely a whisper.
Diamond closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She knew the day would come when she would have to tell this story, but it was something she could never fully prepare herself for.
“Oraden, Tahir,” Diamond spoke first. “We will not try to stop you from going to England, or wherever else you choose for that matter. I… we” she nodded to Ramah, “believe destiny has brought you two together for reasons that have not yet been revealed. We cannot stand in your way but, we would not be responsible parents if we did not tell you the complete story.
“We were not born here in Elysi like the others. Our families lived far away from here, and far from each other, in lands where unicorns were abundant and ran free. Your father and I were brought together by powerful wizards—evil wizards.
“I was grazing with my family; not much older than you are now. Suddenly I felt dizzy, and so weak that my legs could not hold me. I fell to the ground and couldn’t move.” Diamond closed her eyes, the memories coming back in a blur of fragmented images. She shook her head. “I heard voices and neighs but I was unconscious. I awoke in a cage with other unicorns. Some were friends, others were strangers. I never saw my family again.”
“Monstrous beasts invaded,” Ramah interrupted. “They walked on two legs but were bigger and uglier than any human. Hairy and vile. They were many. They had wizards and wolves with them, too. They caught us by surprise. We were beaten, tied, and dragged into cages. I fought, I fought with every bit of strength in my body; it took two of them with ropes and clubs to drag me away; meanwhile, wolves…” Ramah’s nostrils flared and his horn glowed. His voice shook. “I had a daughter. She hadn’t even grown her horn…I never saw her or her mother again.”
The boys stared wide-eyed at the tears running down Ramah’s cheeks.
“We were brought to the same place, a prison of sorts,” Diamond continued, allowing Ramah time to regain his composure. “Those monsters guarded us and beat us into submission. We were kept tied up in cages, never feeling sunlight, never grazing in a meadow. Outside we could hear wolves howl during the night. Even if we were to escape the cages, the wolves would kill us. We were fed dry hay and occasionally, pieces of rotten fruit. We were kept alive, but little more than ghosts. We lived in fear and misery; an existence devoid of the beauty and wonder that makes us unicorns.”
“Why would they do that?” Tahir asked.
Ramah saw the sadness that hid in the boy’s eyes. Tahir could relate to losing everything, having one’s life destroyed for unknown reasons.
Diamond took a deep breath and tried to keep her voice from shaking. “They were forcing us to breed. You see, there are legends of certain unicorns holding powerful magic: A special type of magic; unique to any other creature. They were determined to breed such a special unicorn. I bore seven calves before you, Oraden. Each sired by a different unicorn. None of them were…suitable.” Diamond remained surprisingly calm. She may not have been able to save her other children, but if she could save one…
“I like to think that they are alive somewhere, happy and safe. They could even be here in Elysi and I just don’t recognize them.
“Ramah was held in a cage near me. He was always fighting, always trying to figure a way out, and usually ending up with a beating and a skipped meal.” she managed a little smile. “Most called him a stubborn fool, but I thought he was brave and the smartest of us all. He was kind and gentle with me, and with the other unicorns. Just talking to him gave me hope; I knew he would escape one day and that I would go with him.
“Ramah was strong, and sired many calves; it was only a matter of time before he would father one of my children. I eventually became pregnant with you. At some point, the wizards started coming around and casting strange spells. They made us drink foul concoctions, and sprinkled, something, I’m not sure what it was, on my head and belly.”
As she spoke, Ramah watched Oraden’s face, trying to read his feelings. Disbelief. Sadness. Anger. Fear.
“We had to escape. I refused to lose another child to those monsters.”
Ramah picked up the conversation again. “Your mother agreed. We would escape or die trying, but we were not going to be part of this anymore. Now, we hardly noticed at the time, but one of those ogres was increasing our food little by little. And it was much less rotten, fresher. When the others were away and he alone guarded the cages, he’d untie my legs and massage them. My muscles gained strength. He gave Diamond twice the food as he did the other pregnant mares. He never beat us, though he’d threaten; shake his club, even pretended a few times. We both got healthier and stronger each day. But we had no idea why he was doing it. But one night we had a dream.”
“Both of us.”  Diamond added. “The exact same dream.”
“In this dream,” Ramah continued, “A man appeared and told us to rest, eat, and obey that blue-eyed ogre, no matter what. Our son was the prize they sought. We could not allow them to have him. He revealed that our ogre was a powerful wizard in disguise and that the food he gave us was magic. The other ogres and wizards were under a spell.  They could not see that our wounds were healed, and our bodies grew stronger.  Nor could they see that our spirits were lifted, that hope filled our eyes. As far as they could tell, we were still skin and bones, weak, famished and broken.”
“You cannot understand the elation we felt,” Diamond said with a sparkle in her eye. “For years, we were hopeless in a world of darkness. Then, here was this wizard coming to rescue us! My son would be safe and we would be free. From that night on, I dreamed of running in meadows again, with my son and his father.”
“He gave us all the same instructions,” Ramah continued. “Eat, rest, act weary and defeated. Be ready to run. We were not to discuss the dream at all. But when the time was right we would know, and we would run and keep running. We would know where to go. Several days went by; we had more dreams, giving us more directions, giving us more hope.
“Then one night the wolves stopped howling. Not a single bark or yelp; just silence. The ogres and trolls didn’t seem to notice. We got extra food that day, and no matter how much I drank, the water pail never emptied. That night, the sky went darker than night. The moon, the stars, all faded away. And then our cages exploded. Shards of wood and metal pierced those vile creatures. Our ropes disintegrated; we were free!”
“Lightning and fire burst forth from everywhere,” Diamond added. “Ogres and trolls came from all directions. But the good ogre was killing them all! And making it look so easy. We just stood watching. I’ve never enjoyed violence, and I’m normally disgusted by bloodshed, but it was thrilling! I’ve never been so happy to see creatures die.
“He actually had to yell at us to run before we took off. We bolted, our strength fully restored; we were able to run faster than we ever have. In one of the dreams, he had told us that fire would not hurt us; so we ran through walls of fire without singeing a hair on our manes. We escaped. All the wolves lay dead in the grass, and we ran right past their bodies. Wizards appeared, trying to stop us, but griffins with strange riders attacked them. They howled and bounded on those wizards and ogres, destroying them! We turned invisible and galloped away. All around us the ground shook and the sky exploded with lights.
“We all escaped; every single unicorn was set free. We ran through the night and the following day. Then we kept running. After a few days, we reached a place where many felt safe and wanted to stop. They made their homes there and, as far as I know, have lived safely and happily ever since.
“But we couldn’t stop,” Ramah continued. “A falcon with blue-tipped wings came to us and told us to keep going. Most of the wizards were captured and destroyed, but some had gotten away and were searching for us. We could rest for a short while, but we weren’t safe there. The bird led us farther and farther, and as we continued to flee, Diamond’s belly grew bigger. We traveled over mountains, crossed rivers and desert. We hid from humans, fought hyenas and wolves. Sometimes the bird would leave us for a few days and return with fruit. Diamond was weak and close to birthing when we reached Elysi. There were a few times I thought she wouldn’t make it; but your mother was determined.
“As Nayani has revealed, those who want your magic for unthinkable evil are equally determined. They have not stopped looking for you despite the passing years. You, Oraden, not us.”
“We dislike frightening you,” Diamond said, “but you have to know.  Oraden, you have a powerful magic that even we don’t understand. You must face this, my son, if you are to face those who hunt you. Praise the fairies, you haven’t been found yet. I don’t like the idea of you going out into the world, in plain view of humans and wizards and everything else, but I’m not convinced that staying here is the best thing for you either. You have a destiny which will likely lead you far from here. Go with caution and the knowledge of what the world holds for a unicorn like you.”
Watching Tahir and Oraden take this in was like watching the life being sucked out of them. Ramah never wanted his son to have the burden of this knowledge, or to see the wickedness of the world. There was something magical and beautiful about the way he galloped through the world, carefree and full of life. But it had to be done.
Oraden and Tahir remained in Elysi since hearing Ramah and Diamond’s story. They’d go to visit the sprites for a while, but never stayed past sunset. There was no more talk of England, no more talk of wild adventure, visiting unknown places, or exploring new lands; Until Kodah started bullying them again. A few arguments, a little ridicule, and one fight later, they began talking of being heroes and warriors again.
* * * * *
“Ramah!” The owl stretched its wings and flew to a lower limb. “Looking for me?” 
“Yes. Hello, Alexander. My family is in need of Demetrius’ wisdom regarding my son’s future. He is anxious to become an adventurer…”
“Hmmm.” The owl cocked his head. “Yes, yes. I have been watching young Oraden for some time now.”
“You have?”
“Bring your offspring, as well as the human, to the house at midday tomorrow. Their futures will be determined then.”
“Thank you, Alexander.”
“Farewell.” the owl flapped its wings and disappeared into the trees.
“Farewell,” Ramah whispered to the stars.
Ramah returned to the heart of Elysi to find Oraden asleep under the large acacia at the edge of the stream. He paused to watch his son’s gentle breathing. It was dark and quiet in Tahir’s tree house; he assumed the boy was asleep as well.
Sleep however, would not come for Ramah. The sun would soon rise in the meadow. They would leave on the journey that would decide Oraden and Tahir’s fate. This meeting was their last chance. Demetrius would not possibly approve of Oraden leaving the protection of Elysi. Surely he would know what is best for his son.
Diamond awoke at first light. She walked over to her mate and drank from the cool stream. She knew what was keeping Ramah up all night. She shared his concern, but she also knew that they would not be able to keep Oraden in Elysi forever if he were destined to do otherwise. She could sense the ever-watchful eyes upon him; it gave her great relief. She knew her son was the one the legends spoke of and that he would one day fulfill his purpose. She knew even before he was born, for the dreams during her captivity told her so. Her feelings were affirmed when Tahir appeared; this strange boy who could speak to animals. How was it he could so quickly see and hear all that Elysi offered? She suspected there might be legends about him as well. Oraden would be taken from her, either by his own will or at the hand of a great wizard. One way or another, destiny would have her way. It had all been foretold and was finally coming to pass. Who was she to stand in the way?
“Wake them up, Diamond,” Ramah commanded. “We have far to travel.”
They traveled deep into the woods most of the morning. Ramah and Diamond deep in thought as the youngsters trotted behind, so enthralled in their chatter about becoming adventurers that they hardly noticed their parents’ contemplative dispositions. Before long however, they did notice they were beyond the protective borders of Elysi. Many times they’d traveled far beyond the fairies’ protective shroud, but this area was unfamiliar. Yet, Oraden still felt surrounded by magic.
“Where are we, Father?”
“I am not certain. But I know this is the correct way.”
“To where?”
“We are going to meet with a powerful wizard, the same wizard that came to rescue us,” Diamond explained. “He’s going to tell us your destinies.”
“Did you hear that, Tahir?” Oraden pranced about. “This is the ultimate adventure! We’re going off into these mysterious woods to meet a wizard! With my parents! We’ve never been on an adventure together before!”
“A real wizard! What do you think he’s going to be like?”
“What’s his name, Father?”
“His name is Demetrius…”
“Demetrius? THE Demetrius?” Oraden interrupted. “Demetrius and Alexander saved you?”
Diamond and Ramah stopped in their tracks. 
“How do you now about Demetrius and Alexander?” Ramah asked.
“Fairies told me,” he answered.
Tahir looked back and forth from Oraden to his parents.
Ramah glanced at Diamond and saw that she was also surprised to hear that Oraden knew of his magic, even if he did not understand it. He continued leading the way through the woods.
As they followed, Oraden told Tahir everything he knew about Demetrius and Alexander. They whispered their excitement and speculated about what their visit with wizards would be like. Ahead, Diamond and Ramah talked similarly, sharing the uncertainties about what the future would hold for their son.
The sun was high when they heard distant sounds and the smell of food cooking. Through the trees Tahir saw a naked man chopping wood. He looked like no man Tahir had ever seen. His skin was like that of a ghost. Slightly curly, wispy dark hair hung down just past his ears and lifted in the light breeze. His body was wiry but muscular. Thin hair covered his arms and chest. His face was stern and unfriendly, with thick hair covering his cheeks and chin. Something about this man was strangely familiar, though. His eyes. Tahir had seen them before; they were the same icy blue as those of the man who rescued him all those years ago. Like that stranger, he stared intensely, as though he could see everything.
The man watched the visitors approach. One corner of his mouth curled up into a half smile. He looked up at the sky and gauged the time.
“Ramah, Diamond. You are early.” The man brought the blade of his axe down into the wood.
“Hello, Alexander. We didn’t want to keep you waiting.”
Alexander cocked his head and peered behind the two older unicorns to look at Tahir and Oraden. “Hiding behind your parents? That is not the way of a warrior.”
“No, Sir,” they answered in unison; ashamed that they’d already disappointed Alexander. They shyly stepped forward to greet the wizard.
“Much better,” he said looking them over. “Come, Demetrius is eager to meet you,” he picked up his firewood and led the visitors toward the meager hut in the clearing. He carried the large load of wood with ease, and his bare feet moved silently over twigs and leaves.
Tahir was surprised to see such a modest house; it was built similarly to the homes of his village—with a single window and a door haphazardly hung by two ropes. He was expecting something far more elaborate, with beautiful arches, fountains, multiple rooms and servants. Alexander reached the door and stood to one side.
“Tahir, would you mind please?”
Tahir stepped up and held the door for the three unicorns and Alexander. Upon entering the small house, he was astonished by how much room there was inside. It was filled from floor to ceiling with books. All three unicorns had plenty of space to walk about freely without fear of bumping into furniture or knocking anything over. Tahir stuck his head back out of the door. How was it possible for the inside to be bigger than the outside?
Demetrius’ hearty laugh brought him back into the house.
“Not everything is what it would seem now is it, Tahir?” he laughed. “Come on in, young man. Join us. It is good to see you all. I am Demetrius. Allow me to introduce my good friend, Li’Ang, and apprentice Kraven.”
“I am very pleased to meet all of you,” Li’Ang said with a bow. Her voice was soft, and every syllable of every word was precisely articulated. Her gestures were small, her expressions slight, but it was clear in her mannerisms that she was pleased to meet them. She was a beautiful woman with long straight hair darker than Oraden’s coat, a stark contrast to her skin, pale as the full moon. Her small eyes, like Alexander’s, seemed to be able to see everything, but lacked his intensity. Rather than being intimidating and cold, they were warm and comforting. 
Kraven, on the other hand, appeared disinterested in the meeting. His skin was also very light, and his face held eyes like the sea. He was thin and wiry, but lacked Alexander’s athleticism and ruggedness. Instead, his beard was neatly trimmed and his silver hair perfectly in place. His clothes were of a finer quality and he moved with deliberate poise.
Demetrius, unlike his associates, looked like the Arabian men Tahir saw trading in his village from time to time. Nothing unusual, nothing that would indicate he was as old as time or as wise and powerful as the wizard of Oraden’s tales. He squinted constantly, and moved about using his hands to guide him. 
“Well now, let’s get to why we are all here, shall we? Come, let me look at you Oraden.” Demetrius held the unicorn’s face in his hands and peered into his eyes. “Hmmm.” While Alexander clothed himself in a silk kimono, Demetrius walked slowly around Oraden, examining him from head to tail with his hands. He stroked the black coat and tail, and lifted each hoof.
Abruptly, he turned and felt his way across the room to a bookshelf. He searched until he found the particular book he was looking for, and then he flipped through a few pages. He held the book a breath away from his face and read a segment. He slammed the book shut and faced Oraden again.
“So, here stands before me the black unicorn I have heard so much about.”
“You’ve heard about me?” Oraden lit up.
“Oh, yes indeed. You are intelligent, courageous, and energetic—with an insatiable curiosity. You also have a fiery temper and a disregard for rules, which often gets you into trouble. Ah, and very little patience it would appear.”
“Oh,” Oraden replied, lowering his head in shame.
“And I hear you want to see the world; go on adventures, fight evil monsters and become a heroic warrior.”
“Yes!” Oraden answered, his eyes lighting up again.
Demetrius then turned to Tahir and examined him the same as he had with Oraden, but did not require reference from a book.
“I am truly sorry about your parents. When they died, part of you died. I can sense that you are no longer whole. But one day, Tahir, you will be whole again. No one can replace your parents; this is true. But you are smart, strong and determined. You have been blessed with everything you need to be whatever you choose. You will go to England where you will find your destiny and become a warrior. A powerful and respected warrior.
“Ah, but do not let revenge cut into your heart,” he shook a pointed finger at Tahir. “Anger, hatred, revenge, greed, all of these will make you foolish. And transform you into someone you were not meant to be. Become a warrior to help the weak. Do not let what happened to you happen to others. You survived the attack on your village because God has blessed you. Do not let His blessing be a waste. We have chosen you because we believe in you. Don’t just become a warrior, become a knight. Live by a code of chivalry, respect and honor; and you will fulfill your destiny. Remember my words.” Demetrius smiled and placed both hands on Tahir’s shoulders. Ramah and Diamond smiled, too; proud and happy that Tahir would fulfill his destiny. Li’Ang nodded her approval. Demetrius then turned back to Oraden.
“As for you, Black Unicorn, Tahir will become a knight, and you his steed. You will be his protector, advisor, assistant, teacher, pupil, companion and friend. And he will be yours. Stay together; you will be a powerful team because your power comes from each other. It is determined. Oraden, you will do your traveling and become a hero to many, and you will love every minute of it.
The emotions that allow us to love and hate, laugh and cry, are alive and are a part of us. But they must not be allowed to control us. You must control your emotions just as you control your body. Childlike moods and temper tantrums make you foolish and weak. How will you control your destiny if you cannot control your temper? Think about it. Work on it. Remember my words,”
he smiled and patted Oraden’s neck before turning to face the room again.
“Alright, enough serious talk,” he announced, clapping his hands twice. “It is time to eat. Oh, forgive me. Are there any questions?”
“I have a question, Demetrius, please.”
“Of course Tahir, what is it?”
“Well, you said you chose me. What do you mean?”
“Oh, how silly of me; I didn’t explained our part in all of this did I? You see, we’ve been watching you both for some time. We saw something special in you, Tahir. So, when Alexander found your village destroyed, he rescued you from the wreckage.”
“That was Alexander who saved me?”
“Yes, of course.”
“But he looks nothing like—that man.”
“As you have already learned, things are not always what they seem. Anyway, Li’Ang has the power of influence. It was she who led Oraden to you, and it was Alexander who led you to Oraden.”
“You mean…everything since that day…I had no control over?”
“Not true. Not at all. Let’s see… Have you ever had a feeling that you should do something? Maybe an instinct, or a small voice saying ‘go that way’?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“Well, that was Li’Ang. All she did was influence you to come to Elysi. In fact, it was her that led you here today. Other than that, you were on your own.”
“Why was it so important that I reached Elysi?”
Demetrius burst into laughter. 
“Don’t you know? You never would have made it alone without the assistance of those you’ve come to know during your years in Elysi.”
“Oh, um,” Tahir mumbled shamefully.
“I would expect you to find comfort in this revelation, Tahir.”  Alexander said. “You have never been truly alone, never truly in danger. I walked with you in the desert that day you left your village. I even allowed you to see me so you wouldn’t feel so lonely.”
“But no one was there when…” Tahir paused to remember the days he felt so alone. “You mean the little fennec fox? That was you?”
Alexander nodded.
“You’ve been watching me the whole time?”
 Although it was nice to know someone had been protecting him all these years, he was uneasy with the thought that he never had any privacy. He wasn’t fond of the idea of being led to Elysi either. Just how much of his life had been controlled by these wizards? And for what purpose?
“I have yet to gain the ability to be in two places simultaneously. While there were certainly times I’ve found your antics…entertaining, to say the least, there are often more important matters I must attend to. Nonetheless, I am never too far away.”
“Wait,” Diamond interrupted. “If you’ve been watching them, why didn’t you help when the hyenas attacked? They could’ve been killed.”
The wizards burst into laughter. Diamond and Ramah found nothing amusing about an altercation with a pack of hyenas.
“They were never truly in danger,” Alexander explained.
“Alexander was one of the hyenas,” Kraven revealed through a smug grin.
“What?” Diamond was outraged. “You would attack my child?”
“That is unacceptable!” Ramah bellowed.
“While Alexander and I do not always agree upon methods, I do trust his judgment. He has nothing but Tahir and Oraden’s best interests in mind,” Demetrius explained, trying to soothe their aggravation.
“I never attacked. I was near when I saw the hyenas approaching, so I joined the pack,” Alexander explained. “Yes, I watched them fight, and I barked and nipped at them to foster the chaos, but I never touched any of them. They want to be warriors, yes? They want to go to a faraway land and protect others. But their courage has never truly been tested. What would they do in the face of danger? Would they freeze in terror? Abandon the sprites and Roddy? Would they fight? Before I agreed to send them to a strange land to battle strange creatures and people, I needed to know how well they would handle danger in their own environment where they were comfortable and familiar. Before I could send them to protect strangers, could I trust them to protect those they called friends?”
“Although I would never intentionally throw Oraden or Tahir into unnecessary danger, on this I agreed with Alexander. We had to know if they were ready,” Demetrius said. “They put themselves and their friends in danger. We needed to know they could get themselves out of it. It seemed the perfect test; if hyenas posed too big of a threat, then England was most certainly out of the question.”
“As I said,” Alexander continued. “They were never truly in danger. At any moment I could have destroyed the entire pack with a single thought.”
“But…look at them,” Diamond insisted. “They were seriously injured. Oraden could hardly walk for days! They were covered in bruises and open wounds.”
Alexander smiled. He turned his head so she could see the side of his face, and with his finger he traced the scar from his temple to beneath his jaw. Then he opened his kimono to expose his muscular chest slashed with jagged gouges from claws and fangs, and patches of taut, rippled flesh burned by wizards’ fire and lightning.
“What is a warrior without a few battle scars?” he asked. 
“As a parent,” Ramah cleared his throat, “it’s not the type of thing you like to hear, but I see your point. He’s right, Diamond.”
Diamond shook her head. She understood; she didn’t like it, but she understood.
“Now, shall we eat?” Demetrius asked. “We’ve prepared a grand meal fit for a variety of guests. Let’s move outside where our quadruped friends will be more comfortable.”
Li’Ang led them through a long hallway and out the back door. In the clearing sat a large, square table suitable for six humans. It held a variety of fruits, cooked meats, bread and wine. Next to it, a lower table without chairs was set for five. Three settings were large, colorful dishes garnished with fancy grasses and filled with delicately sliced fruits and vegetables. The other two settings simply held a plate with a crude raw flank of some poor animal.
“Beautiful, Alexander!” Demetrius praised. “I knew all it needed was your fine touch.”
“It is very lovely,” Diamond offered.
“Where are Star and Swift?” Li’Ang asked. “I am certain they will not want to miss this.”
“I threatened to burn their whiskers off if they did not stay out of the way,” Alexander confessed.
“I will burn more than that if you harm my precious babies. Star! Swift! Come!”
Demetrius and Alexander tried to hide their laughter.
Seconds later, two white tiger-like animals with feathery wings came bounding from the other side of the house. Li’Ang squatted down to greet them. The large cats nuzzled and purred as she pet them and whispered in their ears. 
“Don’t let that mean wolf-man frighten you. I won’t let him hurt my babies.”
“You know I wouldn’t harm them,” Alexander turned to the frightened unicorns. “We’re all friends here; like family. No one is going to hurt anyone else. The sabers are very intelligent, they will not harm you, I promise. Now please, take your places and enjoy. Jubó, come join us.”
The unicorns were still slightly uncomfortable having a meal with such large carnivorous animals.
“Will someone please tell them to relax, and explain that I have no interest in eating them?” Swift requested.
“Wow! He can talk too?” Tahir exclaimed.
The unicorns were bewildered by his question. They’d heard nothing but a growl from the beast.
“Tahir? Haven’t you figured it out yet?” Demetrius asked.
“Figured out what?”
Demetrius and Alexander looked at each other.
“Perhaps we have made a mistake with this one,” Alexander said with a raised brow.
“No, no. He’s just…well…it’s very confusing. Especially without a proper teacher,” Demetrius replied. Alexander rolled his eyes while Kraven chuckled to himself as he placed a napkin on his lap and began cutting his meat.
“Figured out what, Demetrius?”
“What your magic is. I would have thought you’d at least have an idea by now.”
“What? What magic do I have?” Tahir was on the edge of his seat.
“I don’t know anyone else who had to be told what their magic was, but I suppose your circumstances are a bit different. Still, given the nature of your…”
“Demetrius!” Li’Ang scolded. “Would you please just tell him?”
“Yes, of course, but first, perhaps a test?”
Li’Ang nodded. While she trusted Demetrius’ judgment, she was still not convinced this boy was worth their efforts. Demetrius nodded to Alexander.
Immediately, Alexander transformed into the most demonic-looking creature he could think of. The three-headed dog with a mane of hissing snakes leapt over the table towards Tahir. Each frenzied head barked madly and foamed at the mouth. The unicorns reared and neighed, scattered from the table and vanished. Tahir fell backwards out of his chair and screamed as the dog landed on top of him. Oraden, still invisible, galloped toward the monster as Tahir scrabbled in the leaves and grass; This was the most terrifying thing he’d ever seen. He truly thought his heart was going to explode out of his chest. Oraden’s heart pounded, too, as he leapt over the monster’s back. His front hooves barely hit the ground when he fired his hind legs back and kicked the monster as hard as he could. Alexander went flying before he crashed and tumbled on the ground. He sat up and turned to look at Demetrius and Li’Ang, cocking all three heads as if to ask, ‘Satisfied?’
“What happened to Tahir? Where is he?” Oraden demanded as he materialized, eyes and horn glowing brightly.
Alexander resumed his human form with both hands pressed against his back. Li’Ang and Demetrius nodded their approval.
“Well done.” Demetrius applauded.
Tahir looked down to see if he was bleeding or injured. He saw nothing. He was invisible.
Oraden trotted to the spot he thought Tahir should have been and pawed the ground.
“Tahir?” Oraden neighed. “You disappeared. Where are you?”
“Over here!” Tahir stood up and giggled. As his fear subsided, he slowly became visible again.
“My apologies for scaring you so,” Alexander said while tying his kimono. “We had to see what you’ve learned. That was quite a kick Oraden.” 
The unicorn smiled proudly.
“But,” Alexander continued, “If you ever do it again I will break your legs.”
“Alexander!” Li’Ang and Demetrius scolded in unison.
“Excellent work, both of you. Your courage is commendable,” Li’Ang said reassuringly.
“How long have you been able to do that?” Diamond asked as she and Ramah nervously returned to the table.
“I, I don’t know.” Tahir stammered. “I didn’t know I could. Cooyah! I have magic like the unicorns!”
“Yes, well to some extent,” Demetrius explained. “Please everyone sit. I assure you there will be no more tests, at least not of that nature. In addition, Tahir, you have the magic of universal language. You are able to communicate with every living thing.”
“Tahir! That explains the mers!”
“And all the voices I’ve been hearing. I’m not crazy after all!”
“No, you’re not crazy. But someone out there thinks you’re stupid,” Oraden said, reminding Tahir what caused their fight. They doubled over in laughter.
At last, everyone began to enjoy the meal. The adults made light conversation while Tahir and Oraden entertained themselves with thoughts of the future; of all the things they would see and do as a powerful, warrior team.
“That was absolutely delicious,” Diamond commented. “What an amazingly delicious variety of food.”
“It sure was. I ate so much I probably won’t be able to eat again until the next full moon,” Tahir said, patting his stomach.
“I am pleased you enjoyed it. Perhaps we will have the opportunity to enjoy each other’s company again,” Alexander said.
“Thank you all for coming to visit me,” Demetrius said as he stood and clapped his hands. “Tahir, Oraden, I am sending you on a mission. Tomorrow you are to leave Elysi by way of the eastern passage. Be assured, your journey will be a safe one. Continue east into the desert and follow the river for three days. You will find a small village; look for a man named Gavin. Li’Ang has guided him there as she guided you here. He will help to prepare you for your journey. When he is finished with you, come back to your family. When you are ready to leave for England, return to me.”
They agreed and thanked Demetrius.
“It is getting late. Go now and rest well. You have a long way to travel tomorrow.” They quickly said their goodbyes and hurried back to Elysi. The four wizards sat for some time, quietly contemplating the day’s events.
“What do you think, Li’Ang?”
“He shows great promise, as you have said Demetrius. But he is so young; they both are: So unrefined and naïve. The hour is so close. But they are eager. Yes, I believe we may have found just who we have been looking for.”
Chapter Seventeen
G A V I N
Oraden and Tahir stood in the shade of the trees bordering Elysi. Before them, the scorching heat wavered over the barren land. Not since he was very young had Oraden hesitated before setting foot in that hot sand. He was eager to begin their adventure, and confident that Demetrius knew what he was doing. Still, that nagging feeling kept his feet in place.
Tahir understood; despite Demetrius’ promise of safe passage, the threat of wizards and ogres hot on their trail was intimidating. Any danger to Oraden would be a danger to him too. More so, he was apprehensive about his friend’s safety. He’d sworn to protect magical creatures. Oraden was more than his partner in this adventure; he was a brother. He swore now, that nothing would happen to Oraden without it happening to him first.
He stroked the unicorn’s neck and felt the muscles twitch at his touch. Tahir smiled, and vanished before Oraden’s eyes. Oraden understood, nodded and dematerialized as well. They slowly, one invisible step at a time, walked out into the desert.
They followed the river, just as Demetrius instructed. Tahir looked back to see the lush oasis reduced to a solitary tree: Nayani. Her branches waved at him before she gracefully sank into the sandy earth.
They walked slowly and kept close together. Tahir kept his hand on Oraden’s shoulder so they’d both know the other was there. The day was clear and bright, allowing them to see for miles in every direction. The desert was always quiet; they’d be able to see and hear if someone were to approach them. It seemed silly to be afraid of a place you’ve been many times before, but that’s how they walked for a good part of the morning.
Atop a majestic tree perched a giant bird. Its gaze seemed to pierce their invisibility.
“Do you think it sees us?” Tahir whispered to Oraden.
“I don’t know, but now it definitely hears us.”
“Maybe it’s Alexander. He was a fennec fox once.”
“It’s possible. He did say he was watching us.”
“Alexander!” Tahir called. “Alexander, is that you?”
The bird cocked its head.
“It isn’t nearly as interesting to watch someone once they know they are being watched.” The bird spoke in Alexander’s gruff voice.
“How did you see us?” Oraden asked.
“A truly powerful wizard sees all. As for me, I trust my nose as much as my eyes.” Alexander stretched his wings. “There is nothing to fear. I am never more than a moment away, but don’t expect me to fly to your aid every time you think you need it. This is as much a test as it is training. Do not disappoint us, young warriors.”
With that, the bird took to the sky. Tahir and Oraden watched him circle a few times before soaring into the distance.
“I don’t like Alexander’s tests,” Tahir said, reappearing. “Remember the last one?”
“You bet I do.” Oraden laughed. He too, agreed it was no longer necessary to remain invisible. “You should have seen your face!”
“I’ve never seen anything like that monster even in my worst nightmares! What was it?”
“I’m pretty sure he turned into Cerberus. It’s a dog-like creature that guarded the gates of the dead, long, long ago.” 
“Did fairies tell you about him too?”
“Sure did.”
“What do fairies look like and how do you find them?”
“They find me. Usually they’re dancing in the sky, but sometimes they float down to our level and make birdsong noises. You know, those twinkling lights that hover just below the treetops in Elysi.”
“I’ve seen those! I always thought they were beautiful.” Tahir turned backwards so he could face his friend as they talked. “I never knew what they were though. Another thing, why was it such a big deal that you knew about Demetrius?”
“I don’t know. No one ever said I wasn’t allowed to talk to the fairies. They have all these stories about magic and interesting creatures; they told me about him. Well, they don’t really talk—it’s more like singing. And they sing about Demetrius a lot.”
“What about Alexander?”
“They sing about him, too. He’s supposed to have just as much magic as Demetrius.” Oraden paused. “I’ve never heard of Kraven, though.”
“You know what? Alexander could be anything. For all we know, Jeverre could have been Alexander, as could any of the sprites or bunnies or butterflies we play with.”
“I doubt that, Tahir. He doesn’t seem the type to play.”
“It’s strange that he rescued me all those years ago and I’m only now finding out about him. I bet he was one of the wizards that saved your parents, too. You’d think we would’ve stumbled upon that house; it’s so close.”
“Who says they live there? That’s just where we met them. That house and everything in it could have been made by magic.”
“You think so?” Tahir asked.
“I’ve been everywhere there is to go around here and I’ve never seen that house.” Oraden turned to find Tahir was no longer there. His ear flickered and he heard Tahir muffle a giggle. A mischievous smile crept across his face and he rammed his shoulder to the side.
“How did you know where I was?” Tahir asked, now visible face down in the sand.
Oraden pointed at the ground behind them marked by two sets of footprints.
“Besides,” Oraden added, “you breathe loud and you stink.”
Tahir twisted his face into a frown. “Look who’s talking, cactus breath!”
“Cactus breath?” Oraden was flabbergasted. “How could you say such a thing? After all my parents have done for you?” he tried to imitate his mother’s voice. They both to burst into laughter.
They continued along the riverbank, laughing and teasing each other until dusk was upon them. There was so little vegetation outside of Elysi; they hadn’t come across any place that would provide shelter from the elements either. Deciding that one spot was just as good as another; they simply stopped when the sun had nearly disappeared behind the horizon.
“Did it make you angry that Li’Ang used her magic to lead you here?” Oraden asked, as Tahir made a small fire.
“I’ve been thinking about that. I’m not sure. It did make me wonder…if they are so powerful, could they have saved my mother and our village but chose not to just so they could use me for their purposes? And your parents? Could Ramah and Diamond have been freed sooner?”
“That’s a good point. Maybe they needed time to come up with a strategy to rescue them. Why didn’t you ask?”
“I considered it.” Tahir fed the small flame with dry palm bark gathered along the way. “But that would be kind of like accusing them of murder. Even I know when not to ask a question.”
“Well! That’s a first!” Oraden laughed.
“Maybe one day, if I get to know them better, I will ask.”
“You know, you may not like the answer. Some things are best left a mystery.”
Tahir stirred the fire with a stick before tossing it into the growing blaze. He unrolled his blanket and stretched it over the sand. Oraden knelt nearby. After a day’s walk in the merciless Saharan sun, it wasn’t long until sleep consumed them both.
* * * * *
By noon of the third day, they stood behind a palm tree on the edge of the village. The sight of so many humans caused Oraden some apprehension. Tahir, on the other hand, was exhilarated by being with his own kind after so many years in Elysi.
“Come on, Oraden. It’ll be alright.”
“How do you know? You don’t even know these people!”
“Because first of all, Demetrius wouldn’t have sent us here if it wasn’t safe. Second, I won’t let anything happen to you. And thirdly, it’s the only way to find Gavin.”
“You go find Gavin and I’ll wait here.” Oraden suggested.
“That’s stupid! What if someone comes around? You won’t be able to explain the situation to them.”
“I won’t have to. I won’t allow anyone to see me. Remember? Magnificent, magical steed?”
“Yeah, yeah. Fine. Have it your way. Just don’t go anywhere.”
“Where would I go?”
“I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
Tahir walked through the village. No one he spoke with seemed to care that a stranger wandered in. He came upon a woman teaching two girls the art of basket weaving.
“Excuse me, ma’am. I’m looking for a man named Gavin. Can you tell me where to find him?”
“I do not know that name. My husband may know. He’s behind the house; you may go back and ask him.”
“Thank you, ma’am.” Tahir headed toward the back of the small hut. Everyone was giving him similar responses, directing him to someone else. He felt as if he’d already asked every man, woman and child in the village and should start asking the animals.
Then he noticed one small hut a bit away from the others. Out of it staggered a man bearing no resemblance to the native peoples. Like Kraven, he had pale skin and wispy hair. His face was red and his belly fell over his belt. The man spoke to his horse—a giant of a horse—while he brushed its coat. If this wasn’t Gavin, no one was.
“Hello! Are you Gavin?” Tahir called as he approached the stranger.
The man spun around and looked Tahir up and down with glassy, bloodshot eyes.
“Who are you?” the scent of wine strong on his breath.
“My name is Tahir.”
“Does Gavin know you?”
“No, we haven’t met yet.”
“Then how do you know of him?” The man swayed as though standing on a ship, the waves rocking him to and fro.
“I was sent to find him. Can you tell me where he is?”
“Who sent you?”
“A friend of his.”
“Gavin has no friends,” the man scoffed. “What is this friend’s name?”
“Demetrius,” Tahir answered, trying to hide his annoyance.
“Ah, yes. Old Demetrius. He sent you, huh?”
“He told me to come here and find a man named Gavin. Are you Gavin?”
“That I am, lad. What did you say your name is?”
“Tahir.”
“That’s right. Tahir.” the man slapped him on the back, hard enough to make him wince. “Alright then, Tahir, what am I to do for you?”
“Demetrius said you would train me and my friend in the techniques of a warrior.”
“Ha! He did, did he?” he grabbed Tahir and shook him, laughing and poking the boy’s bony chest. “You? A warrior? Demetrius has lost his bloody mind, he has!”
Tahir jerked free.
“Demetrius said I was going to be a great warrior one day, and you were to teach me and my friend.”
“Where is your friend?”
“Outside of the village; I will take you to him.” Tahir turned and gestured for the man to come. Gavin threw down his brush and followed, grumbling to himself as he went.
“Oraden?” Tahir called as they reached the outskirts of the village. “Where are you?”
“Over here,” Oraden answered.
“Blimey!” That’s a, a unicorn, isn’t it?” Gavin stumbled backwards as Oraden came into view.
“Yes, he is a unicorn, and his name is Oraden.”
“And this is the mate you mentioned?” Oraden allowed Gavin to stroke his coat. “Yes! He’s a real beauty! How did you find a creature like this?”
“Actually, he kind of found me. He took me to his home and I’ve been living with his family ever since.”
“And where is that? That magical hidden place?”
“You know about that?”
“I know about it, but never been. Wasn’t sure it was even a real place. Until now.”
“It’s real. That’s where we live.”
“Well, who am I to argue with Demetrius? I’ll make a deal with you. I’ll train you, and you will tell me about the goings-on in the magical woods, agreed?”
Tahir turned to Oraden. “What do you think?”
“Tahir, I can’t understand a word he’s saying.”
“He said he would train us, but in return he wants us, or me, to tell him stories about Elysi.”
“Well, as you said, Demetrius wouldn’t have sent us to him if he couldn’t be trusted.”
“Alright Gavin, it’s a deal.”
“Okay. Let’s get a rope and tie him up with Bounty.”
“Oh, no, no, no, no. You don’t understand. I will never put a rope on Oraden! I told you, he’s my friend.”
“And how are we going to keep him from running away? Anything is liable to scare him and he may take off.”
“Oraden won’t run away. He’s just not used to being around people. We agreed that it must be safe here for us, otherwise Demetrius wouldn’t have sent us both.”
“You said…you agreed?”
“That’s right. I can talk to him and he can talk to me.”
“He’s a talking unicorn?” Gavin scratched his head and stared at Oraden. “Why hasn’t he said anything?”
“He can only talk to me. Or someone else with magic.” 
“So, you have magic?”
“Yes, Sir. I have universal language.”
“So, you can’t turn people into pigs or start fires or fly around, right?”
“No, I can’t do anything like that. Just talk to animals and turn invisible.”
“Hmph. Well that’s not very useful. Alright then. We will keep this to ourselves. This is going to be interesting. People will stare, but they won’t bother us. They know better than to approach me. We’ll just stroll on through the village to my house. Ready?”
“Let me just explain to Oraden what the plan is.”
Tahir turned to Oraden and repeated the conversation. 
“I’ve got a better plan,” Oraden said; then he turned invisible again. “Now we don’t have to worry about them staring.”
“He just vanished!” Gavin cried.
“He’s still here, he’s just invisible. Let’s go.”
Gavin led them into the village, checking often to make sure they were still there. Though he couldn’t see Oraden, if he paid attention he’d hear soft footsteps and see hoof prints in the sand.
Tahir and Oraden took in all the sights and sounds of the busy village and its occupants. Most people hurried about with their chores; women carried jars of water on their heads, children played, men mended fences and tended to livestock. It wasn’t very different from Tahir’s former home. That was such a long time ago; he was a warrior now, and an adventurer. The past must be left where it was.
“What do we do with your friend?” Gavin asked when they finally reached his small home. “Does he want to come in the house or stay out here? I personally think he should come in. You know, keep him out of sight?”
Tahir asked Oraden how he felt about being out in the open, or if he preferred to go inside with Gavin.
“I guess it makes sense for all of us to stay inside. But it looks so small and dark in there,” Oraden replied.
“It might be a little small, but once you get inside its not so dark. It’s like Demetrius’ house.”
“Tahir, are you sure this is the right Gavin?”
Tahir winced with embarrassment, even though he knew Gavin couldn’t understand Oraden.
“Yes, I am sure. You remember what Demetrius said, don’t you?”
“I remember that we came here for one reason. Let’s do it and get out. I don’t like it here.”
“Okay, Oraden. Let’s go inside where no one will be able to see or hear us.”
Oraden walked to the back door and waited for one of them to open it. Tahir nodded at Gavin and the man shuffled ahead wearing a crazy grin.
Once inside, Gavin moved a large worktable into a corner to accommodate the unicorn. Tahir stepped to a wall and admired the swords, knives, bows and shields mounted there. Gavin scrambled to make the messy room more comfortable for his company.
“Where did you get all these?” Tahir asked.
“Didn’t Demetrius tell you?”
“He just told us we needed to spend some time with you so you could teach us what we needed to know to become warriors.”
“You keep saying ‘we.’ Am I supposed to teach the unicorn as well?”
“I’m sure that’s what Demetrius meant. He told us that we were both going to be heroic warriors.”
“I tell you boy, I’ve never trained a unicorn. Like I said, I’ve never even seen one before.”
“All you have to do is tell me what you want him to do. I’ll tell him and he’ll do it. That’s all.”
“You two will make an incredible team. You being able to talk to him, and him being able to understand. That’s just…incredible.” Gavin scratched his scraggly beard and thought about the endless possibilities for this remarkable duo. “Do you fancy a bite to eat?”
They ate and talked, with Tahir playing the role of interpreter. Gavin explained that he’d been born in England, had no royal blood but was an excellent swordsman and undefeated at fencing. His reputation landed him a job as instructor for King Robert’s knights. During this employment he met Demetrius and became friends with the King and Demetrius alike.
“It wasn’t until Grace, Robert’s oldest daughter, came of age that it became necessary for me to leave. She was very beautiful, and I came to fancy her quite a bit; I’d find excuses to be around her. One day, after too much time and too many lagers at the tavern, I came back to the castle and forced a kiss from the young lass. She responded by slapping me. I realized then, that I could never have her; I was not of royal descent, had nothing to offer, and she was not interested in me. Certainly, the King would not approve. I promised Grace if she did not mention my inexcusable conduct, I would leave the castle with the King’s friendship intact. She agreed.”
“So you came here?” Tahir asked.
“No. I’d say I rather wound up here. I left the castle almost four years ago. I’ve been far too many places since then. But my travels are not important. We should sleep now. We will begin your lessons tonight while it is dark, so as not to draw attention to ourselves.”
“Oraden is much smaller than any horse I have ever seen a knight use, and you are quite small yourself, Tahir. But he is quick and agile; we must use that to our advantage. You won’t be able to muscle your way to victory as most knights can. You must win your fights with speed, finesse, strategy and technique. Still, to stand a chance against any knight, we’ll have to add some bulk to you both. That means a lot of food and hard labor.”
Tahir nodded and repeated the words to Oraden.
“Come on, we’ve no time to waste.”
Gavin rigged a heavy harness for Oraden’s small frame, so he could drag lumber around the hut.
“You won’t like this, but Gavin said we have to make you stronger,” Tahir explained. “If it’s too heavy…”
“I’m already strong!” Oraden snapped.
“I know. But don’t you want to be stronger? Look how big Gavin’s horse is.”
Oraden glanced at Bounty grazing nearby. The horse was a giant compared to Oraden. The unicorn snorted.
“Well, come on, then.”
Tahir placed the harness on Oraden and attached it to the bundle of lumber Gavin prepared.
“I’m not sure how much he can pull, but we can adjust it as necessary. Tell him to give it a try.”
Oraden pulled the load. It was difficult to get it moving; once he got it going it wasn’t much of a strain. Though awkward and uncomfortable, he could do it. As he circled the hut, Gavin instructed Tahir.
“Alright, let’s see what you can do with a sword.”
Tahir pulled out the sword spared from his village years ago. It was light and thin, and its curve made it easy to unsheathe while riding Oraden. By now he’d grown into it and practiced many a night while alone in his tree house. He swirled the sword around, fighting an imaginary enemy, showing Gavin his moves. Gavin watched for a moment then burst into laughter.
“What are you doing?” he slapped his knee and laughed until he had to wipe tears from his eyes.
“First, stop that, you look like a bloody idiot.” Gavin slapped the small sword out of Tahir’s hand. “Second, we need to get you a real sword.”
He handed Tahir a large, double-edged sword and instructed him as to the proper way to hold and use it. It was very long and perfectly straight, and it took much more effort to control.
“Stop swinging it around like a bloody fool!” Gavin grabbed his hand to correct its positioning. When he was satisfied with Tahir’s grip, they worked on his footwork, sidestepping, lunges, and pivots. Slowly and methodically he taught the boy blocks, attacks and evasions.
After a few hours of swordplay, Gavin allowed them a break and a small bite to eat.
“I hope you can handle a bow better than a sword.” Gavin laughed watching Tahir gobble down his snack.
“Yes, the sprites taught me.” he answered with a mouth full of bread. “We played games and had contests to see how well we could shoot while doing tricks.”
“Tricks? What sort of tricks?”
“Well, like while hanging upside down in a tree, or while jumping off a rock. Sometimes I would spin until I was dizzy and then try to hit a target.”
Gavin laughed, slapped his own thigh and stood with his hands on his hips. “Alright, let’s see what you can do. Enough rest. Tell Oraden we don’t want him to lose his speed. I want him to run free and fast.”
For weeks, every night, they sneaked out behind the hut. At first they worked individually. Oraden dragged and carried heavier loads each night. He ran the obstacle course Gavin set up in the desert: he practiced long jumps, was pushed to jump higher and higher, he ran up hills, through dense oases, dodging trees, turning first one way then the other while running as fast as he could. He was exhausted at the end of each day, but could feel himself getting stronger and faster. He liked to believe that he was getting bigger, and would one day match Bounty’s size and girth.
Tahir on the other hand, graduated to battling Gavin with wooden swords. When he let his guard down, or made a mistake, Gavin gave him a hard whack with the sword, leaving new bruises each night. But he was learning; he didn’t repeat his mistakes. He also practiced using his bow on moving objects. He tied targets on the fronds of palm trees to swing in the wind. Gavin would throw apples into the air as targets. Gavin would hide behind a small wall and repeatedly lift a target attached to a stick to test Tahir’s reflexes. Tahir hit each of the targets with ease.
Once satisfied with Tahir and Oraden’s abilities independently, he had them work together. First, Gavin put Bounty’s saddle on Oraden; it was loose, but Gavin adjusted it as best he could. It looked awkward and disproportionate on the unicorn’s light frame, but it was the best he could come up with. As soon as Tahir mounted, the saddle slid to the side, throwing the boy to the ground. Oraden snorted and stamped his feet in laughter. Gavin made more adjustments and Tahir mounted again. But once again he found himself falling, bottom first on the ground. A few more tries later, they abandoned the saddle and Tahir mounted Oraden bareback. Without the protection of a saddle, he must mount carefully to avoid injuring the unicorn with the weapons. He even practiced running jumps from behind and from either side.
Gavin had Tahir ride Oraden through maneuvers to get the unicorn used to carrying him as they fought their enemies. Then, Gavin set up targets in the desert for him to hit while riding at a full gallop. Eventually they took the sword fighting lessons atop Oraden’s back. It was awkward at first for both of them, but with each passing night it became easier and they became more comfortable with each other.
During the morning hours, Tahir dug holes, chopped trees, carried buckets of water and sacks filled with rocks. He did whatever Gavin thought would build his strength. He also continued to develop his sword technique. During the heat of the afternoon; they rested, ate, and discussed matters of being a knight and a steed.
Gavin taught Tahir how to behave in the presence of royalty: table manners, proper English, and the codes of chivalry. He instructed Oraden on the behavior of human beings, advised him not to be frightened by them, or at least not to show fear.
“A warrior never reveals his weakness,” he explained.
Although Oraden could not truly understand what Gavin was saying, he began to acknowledge basic commands and gestures; he learned to recognize his name and the names of certain other things that were important to him, such as ‘food’ and ‘rest’. 
Tahir told Gavin story after story about Elysi and Rhykell. He didn’t want to talk about what brought him to Elysi, but conversation eventually turned to why he left his home at such an early age.
“It happened so fast. I heard screaming…then, nothing.”
“Do you know who attacked you?”
“No. We weren’t at war; it was a peaceful place. Traveling merchants came regularly, but they had no reason…as far as I know.”
“No. Merchants wouldn’t be able to orchestrate such an attack. Sounds like the work of the Crusaders, if you ask me. Their cause is noble, but a violent lot they are. I traveled with them a while, lending my sword on occasion. But they are a religious group, and their life wasn’t for me. They travel through these parts, fighting for the Holy Land. They may have seen you as a threat, might’ve been part of a bigger strategy, even. They are strong lad; you’ve got a lot of work to do if you plan on avenging your village.” 
“No. Demetrius said not to let revenge into my heart. I must see to it that others don’t suffer the same fate as my village.”
“That sounds like Demetrius.” Gavin chuckled and took a swig from his drink. “In that case, you’ve got a lot of work to do.”
As soon as it was dark enough, Gavin led them outside as he did each night. The moon was full, and in its light he could see how much the youths had changed since they first arrived. Both were bigger, stronger, and faster. As a team they achieved every goal he set for them. They were becoming confident in their abilities, and showed no fear. Their training was complete. They would go through their drills one last night, and then they would return home.
He watched them with the same pride he felt for his students in England. But these two were different; they were eager to learn and accepted criticism without bitterness, unlike the spoiled royalty he was accustomed to. Because their training was given top priority, they excelled at a rapid pace. They didn’t, after all, have nobles to entertain, young ladies to court, or social and political matters to attend to. He was quite confident they were fit to compete in any contest in England. As the sky turned grey, Gavin commanded their attention.
“Alright lads, well done. You know all that you’re going to need. Practice will perfect your abilities, but I think you’re ready.” he paused and smiled. “It’s time to go home.”
Gavin decided to accompany them to Elysi. He was anxious to visit with Demetrius again, and even more importantly, he wanted to see the magical woods. With no intention of returning, Gavin packed his belongings, harnessed and saddled Bounty and said goodbye to no one. He’d only been in this village a few months before being sought out by his students. He primarily kept to himself, not bothering to make friends. That very night, they sneaked out and headed for Elysi.
* * * * *
Just as it was for Tahir when he first arrived, Gavin was unable to see all that was Elysi. He was intrigued, but not surprised; Tahir warned him that this was part of the magic. He stood mesmerized as waves of magic slowly revealed one image after another. He watched Oraden and Tahir excitedly talking to no one.
Ramah looked beyond them to the stranger.
“Ramah, this is Gavin. He’s the one we went to meet. He trained us to compete in England,” Tahir explained.
“Why do you feel it necessary to bring every human you meet to Elysi? Are you not aware of the danger you put us all in?”
“But he’s not a threat to us, Father. He’s Demetrius’ friend, remember? He just wanted to see Demetrius again, and to see Elysi, that’s all.”
“I don’t care. I don’t like it. You know how we feel about humans.”
“You accepted me,” Tahir responded.
“You were an orphaned child when you came to us. This is an adult male, which makes him a threat.”
“Father, he’s our friend. Demetrius…”
“I don’t recall Demetrius instructing you to bring him here.”
“I’m sorry. We didn’t think you would mind. He really is a nice man.”
“You’ve known him for such a short time! You think that’s long enough to determine a human’s character?”
Gavin stood listening to Tahir’s words. He understood that they were talking to someone, perhaps a leader, who did not welcome him here.
“Tahir, tell him that I mean no harm. I’m sorry for any trouble I’ve caused. If he would allow, you might take me to Demetrius and I will be on my way.”
Tahir relayed the information.
“I suppose it’s too late to do anything else. Tell him he is not to wander off alone. You two are responsible for him until we meet with Demetrius. I will make arrangements.” Ramah stormed away.
“Who was that?” Gavin asked when it became apparent the conversation was over.
“That was Ramah, Oraden’s father.”
“From what I could tell, he was a bit angry was he not?”
“We should’ve known,” Tahir answered. “But he’ll calm down as soon as he talks to Oraden’s mother. She has a way of…handling him.”
“Yeah,” Oraden added, “she’s the only one who can.”
They stood in silence for a moment and then Oraden suggested, “Let’s go see the sprites, that way we’ll stay out of sight.”
“Good idea! Tahir turned to Gavin to translate.
“Sprites? Those are the wee folk you spoke of?”
“Yes, but first we’ll stop at my treehouse to drop off our things. We don’t need any weapons here.”
While Tahir led the way to his tree house, Gavin took in the sights, sounds and smells of this enchanted forest. He was seeing rare vegetation, some birds and other animals, but no unicorns. He saw nothing out of the ordinary for a large oasis in the middle of the desert. He was impressed however, with the way Tahir made his home high in the large tree. He left Bounty tied to the tree below Tahir’s house. Oraden explained, via Tahir’s interpretation that Bounty would be safe in the meadow, free to roam.  But Gavin didn’t want to take any chances of his faithful horse running off by getting spooked by magical creatures. 
Along the way to Rhykell, Tahir described how the sprites taught him and helped him build it. He pointed out a few pixie dragons chattering above their heads, but Gavin saw nothing. That didn’t stop him from asking questions though. And Tahir was more than happy to answer them. He was reminded of his first arrival here. Oraden could tell from the one-sided conversation that Gavin was asking questions; it was easier to let Tahir do all the talking.
When they reached Rhykell, they found the sprites singing, dancing and playing music. The sprites stopped mid-motion and ran to greet them. All were talking at once.
“Tahir!”
“Oraden!”
“Where have you been?” Figg asked.
“Hi guys! We’ve been on an adventure!” Oraden answered.
“We figured that, but you’ve been gone for so long we didn’t think you were coming back!” Bennie said slurping on a juicy berry.
“Why didn’t you tell us you were leaving?” Meelix asked.
“Where did you go?”
“Who’s your friend?”
“Alright, alright, wait a minute. We’ll tell you everything. This is Gavin. He is a friend we met on our adventure…Oh! And guess what? I know my magic now!”
The sprites shrieked with delight. Oraden and Tahir told their friends everything that happened since their last meeting; beginning with their visit with the wizards.
Gavin was quite disappointed to find that he couldn’t see the little people he heard so much about. He knew he wouldn’t be able to see everything at first, but didn’t expect it to take so long. He waited, and tried to focus on where Tahir seemed to be addressing the sprites, desperate to catch even a glimpse of them. From hearing Tahir’s side of the conversation, they seemed to be friendly and accepting of him.
“Both of you are going to England?” Lodell asked.
“Yes, I told you, Demetrius said we’re going to be a team,” Tahir answered.
“We’re going to miss you. It won’t be the same around here without you,” Reeny said.
“I want to go with you,” Meelix announced. “For years I’ve been listening to your talk of going to England and I’ve wanted to go with you from the very beginning.”
“You know you can't leave, Meelix!” Figg said.
“Yeah, I don’t know about that, Meelix.” Rassine agreed. “I’m not sure if there are gnomes or sprites in England.”
“There must be sprites there, don't you think Oraden?”
“I don't know, Meelix.”
“There must be a way! You can put me in your pocket, or I can ride Oraden, so I won’t slow you down. I don’t eat much; Well, not when compared to your appetites. I won’t be any trouble. Take me with you, please. I, I…Don't any of you guys want to go with me?” Meelix looked around at the sprites. They avoided eye contact.”
“What do you think, Tahir?” Meelix pleaded.
“I don’t know, Meelix. Rassine’s probably right. There may not be any other sprites or gnomes in Englad. Won’t you be uncomfortable? Plus, it’s possible we may never come back.”
“Meelix, aren’t you happy here?” Little Naurel asked.
“Of course I’m happy here, Naurel. And I love you very much and I’ll miss you dearly. But I want to travel, see new places, have adventures too, that’s all.”
“Meelix, you belong here with us,” Sudlin argued.
“Oraden belongs in Elysi with his parents and friends, but he’s going isn’t he? There may not be any unicorns there either.”
“He’s got a good point, Tahir,” Oraden said.
“Without sprites in your life there will be nothing to keep you from turning into a monster!” Dell reminded him.
“You know that’s not true!” Sudlin scolded.
He doesn’t know that!
Can’t he tell that he looks different from everyone else?
He should just stay here.
He’s supposed to leave.
But I don’t want him to.
Me either.
Yeah.
But he has to. 
Alexander will take him, eventually. He might as well go with them.
Let’s give him a crystal!
Yes! A crystal!
Then he can go, and will never transform!
He’d be more helpful if he did transform.
But then he won’t want to play anymore.
Nayani will give us a crystal.
We just have to make her think we’re being helpful.
“What do you mean?” Meelix asked. “You know a way to keep me from becoming a…monster?”
“Yes…” Bennie exchanged glances with the other sprites. “All you need is a crystal. A very special one, infused with the magic of sprites, then you can go wherever you want.”
“Really? Did you hear that, Tahir? The sprites will help. Now there’s no reason why I shouldn’t come!”
“Wait, what do you mean ‘turn into a monster’?” Tahir asked.
“We don’t like to talk about it.” Meelix sighed as he lowered his head; clearly embarrassed to have to have this conversation with Tahir. He took a deep breath, motioned Tahir away from Gavin, and explained the situation in the simplest of terms. “Gnomes turn into ogres without the magic of sprites. That’s why we always live close to each other. They help us be of sound mind and, you know, not be crazy monsters.”
“Wow! I had no idea. That’s…that’s scary.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“I’ll tell you what, Meelix,” Tahir said. “You think about it, talk it over with the sprites and gnomes, and when we meet with Demetrius we’ll ask him. He knows everything. If he says it’s alright, and if we can find you a crystal, then you are more than welcome to come with us to England.”
“Promise you won’t run off and leave me?”
“We would never do that! We’ll come back to say goodbye to all of you before we leave,” Oraden promised.
“Hey, have you seen Jeverre lately?” Tahir asked.
“Yeah, just the other day he took the girls out for a ride.”
“That was dangerous for you to go without me.”
“We didn’t go far,” Hallen explained. “We stayed right here in the river. It was so much fun!” Naurel added.
“Well, if you see him again, tell him what’s going on. I don’t want to leave without saying goodbye to him, too.”
“When are you leaving?”
“Probably in a couple of days. I’m really not sure.”
“We’ll know after we talk to Demetrius,” Oraden added.
“You let us know as soon as you know so we can plan a farewell party,” Naustin said.
Gavin sat in the grass listening to Tahir’s words, and was able to understand some of the conversation. And, ever so slowly, he was able to see the sprites materialize. Gradually, more became visible: butterflies and flowers that he hadn’t seen before, and a faint twinkling of lights that hovered overhead. He enjoyed watching the sprites prance about; but he was disappointed that he couldn’t understand their spritish language. Through his years of traveling he’d gotten used to picking up foreign languages and was able to speak many of the tongues spoken here in Northern Africa. The sprites’ language was similar to that of a village southeast of here. He listened intently for key words; he learned a few names and several phrases that he practiced saying in his mind. He was sure, given a week or two—and especially with Tahir’s help—he’d be speaking sprite fluently.
Oraden and Tahir decided to spend the night with the sprites. It made sense; they could stay out of Ramah’s way, and wouldn’t have to deal with Kodah’s bullying or Roddy’s nosy questions. They felt more comfortable with the sprites anyways, and wanted to have as much time with them as possible before leaving.
Gavin made a bed under one of the poplar trees. He watched Tahir and Oraden sing and play with the sprites as twilight approached. He was satisfied. This truly was a magical place where human, sprite, gnome, unicorn, dragon, and fairies lived in harmony. Nowhere else on earth could be as harmonious as this. 
Gavin awoke while all others still slept. Daylight was not far away. He resisted the urge to take an early morning walk, do some light exploring. He didn’t want to upset his new friends by disobeying Ramah’s warning. So he sat, leaning against a tree, watching the sunrise. Soon Rhykell was a busy place once more. The sprites and gnomes went about their business, singing as they began their chores.
“Can I go with you to see Demetrius?” Meelix asked.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. He is a very powerful wizard and probably very busy. But I promise I will ask him if it’s safe for you to travel with us,” Tahir replied.
The sprites walked with Gavin and their two friends to the edge of the woods. They waved goodbye and Oraden promised to return as soon as possible for the farewell party.
“I’m really going to miss them when we leave,” Tahir said.
“Me too. Plus, I’m kind of concerned about what you told Meelix.”
“What did I say?”
“Remember? You told him it might be uncomfortable being the only one of his kind in England. What if I am the only unicorn?”
“I hadn’t thought of that.” Tahir was quiet for a moment, pondering Oraden’s dilemma.
“At least we know there are horses there. That’s almost the same.”
“Maybe to you.”
“Gavin, are you sure there are no sprites or unicorns in England?” Tahir asked.
“I can’t be sure of anything. If someone told me there were unicorns and sprites in Africa, I would’ve laughed at them. I wouldn’t know if there are magical places like this anywhere else, let alone England.”
“We’ll ask Demetrius,” Tahir said. “If it turns out that you’d be the only unicorn, would you change your mind about going?”
“No, I still want to go. But it would be nice if, wherever we end up, there were other unicorns. I know there will be other humans.”
“Would it really be that bad? I’ve been the only human here for years and it hasn’t been horrible for me.”
Oraden shrugged.
The three continued on through the paradise of Elysi toward the meadow. They found Diamond and Ramah waiting for them near the river. By the look on Ramah’s face, Diamond indeed had been able to calm him down. 
“Hello Mother!”
“Good morning, Diamond. Hello, Ramah,” Tahir called out.
“I can’t believe you didn’t come to see me when you got back yesterday,” Diamond scolded, but clearly happy to see her children again.
“We were going to look for you, but…” Oraden started.
“Oh, stop it and come here. Let me look at you.” She licked her son’s face and nuzzled his mane.
“I’m a warrior now, Mother,” Oraden squirmed away from her tongue, “you’re not supposed to lick me anymore.”
“You are never too big or too strong for your Mother.” She teasingly licked his ear, and then turned her attention to Tahir. “You too, Tahir. My, my, it feels like you’ve been gone forever.”
Tahir wrapped his arms around her neck.
“Look at you! You’ve both gotten so much stronger.” 
Oraden held his head high.
“You must tell me all about your visit with…with Gavin?” she said, looking toward the stranger.
“Oh, yes, this is Gavin. We learned a lot from him. He’s a very nice and trustworthy man. I’m sure Demetrius wouldn’t have sent us to him if he weren’t,” Oraden declared.
“I’m sure you are right, Oraden.”
“I spoke with Alexander. He will see us today,” Ramah announced. “He also said to tell you to ‘bring the little one’. What does that mean?”
Oraden and Tahir looked at each other and shrugged.
“Little what?” Tahir asked.
“He said you would know,” Ramah answered.
“Tahir, is this another test or something?” Oraden asked. “We must be sharp when dealing with wizards.”
“I hope not. What do we have that’s little?” Tahir thought for a moment and then looked to Gavin. “Demetrius told Ramah that he would meet with us today and that we should bring the ‘little one’.  Do you know what that means?”
“Hmm,” Gavin scratched his head and searched the clouds for the answer. “Didn’t one of the wee fellows want to come with you?” he asked.
“Oh! Of course! Meelix!”
“Meelix is the gnome that lives amongst the sprites, isn’t he?” Ramah asked.
“Yes.”
“What does he have to do with this?”
“We told the sprites of our plans and Meelix wants to go with us. Tahir told him that he didn’t think it was a good idea, but promised that he would ask Demetrius. I guess that isn’t necessary any more.”
“This gets stranger by the day. Alright. I was hoping we’d get an early start this morning, but now you’ll have to go back for Meelix. Oraden, you go; I need Tahir so I can communicate with Gavin.”
While Oraden raced to Rhykell to fetch Meelix, Tahir translated for Ramah as he interrogated Gavin about England, his background, and if there were any dangers they should know about before allowing their son to embark on such a journey. Gavin answered as best as he could; he hoped to win their trust. Ramah appeared to be satisfied with his answers.
“Is there anything you want to ask, now that we have this opportunity?” Ramah asked his mate.
“Tahir, please ask him if he will be traveling with you to England. I would feel much better if I knew a…another person was along to watch out for you until you were settled in with the King.”
“I hadn’t mentioned that idea to the youngsters, but I’d like nothing better than to have a reason to visit with my dear friend again.”
Diamond smiled and nodded as Tahir repeated Gavin’s words.
“Very well, then,” Ramah said, “that is all for now. Tell him thank you, and that I apologize for my behavior yesterday.”
The other unicorns knew something extraordinary was about. They knew of the secret meeting with Demetrius, followed by the disappearances of Oraden and Tahir. Now they have returned with an adult human.
Tahir walked Gavin around the meadow, introducing him to the unicorns. They asked questions but Tahir was careful not to speak of their plans. He thought that he and Oraden should share that news together.
When Oraden arrived, with an overly anxious Meelix on his back, the three unicorns, two humans and a single gnome headed straight for the secret house deep in the woods.
Gavin was the first to greet Demetrius. They hugged and slapped each other on the back. Then he did the same to Alexander, who was once again in his scruffy human form. After the warm greetings, Demetrius offered the humans a seat at an outdoor table.
“How was the training?” Demetrius inquired.
“They are both quick learners and very eager; with a little more practice they will be an outstanding team. What is your plan for them?”
“Haven’t they told you? They are going to be knights in England.”
“How does that involve you? And why was I brought into it?”
“As for myself, well I think you know better. And you, of course, were the best man to train them.” Demetrius then turned to Tahir.
“How do you feel about your training? Are you ready?”
“Yes, Sir. Like Gavin said, we could use a little more practice, but I think we are well prepared,” Tahir agreed.
“And have you gained control over your ability to become invisible?”
“Yes, Oraden helped me.”
“Have you learned any other skills that may be of interest?”
“Well, I learned how to use a sword, and…I learned how knights are supposed to behave and things like that.”
“Hmm.” Demetrius nodded. “Very good. And what of you Oraden? Are you in agreement? Are you ready?”
“Yes Sir.”
“Good. Now we come to the matter of the little one. Meelix, isn’t it?”
“Yes, Sir,” Meelix spoke up.
“Tell me, Meelix, why would a little gnome want to travel so far from home with Oraden and Tahir?”
“I’ve listened to them, especially Tahir, talk about going to England for so long. I’ve always been the adventurous type. Fighting those hyenas stirred something up inside me. I never felt so alive! I want to fight. I want adventure! What better adventure than to go to England? An opportunity like this doesn’t come along very often.”
Alexander smiled.
“No,  I suppose it doesn’t,” Demetrius said. “Aren’t you a bit concerned about your size? That you could be mistakenly left behind?”
“I trust them very much. They would never leave me, deliberately or by accident.”
“You may not be able to keep up with them, Meelix,” Alexander added. “Even if you do make it to England…what then? I do not think you would succeed as a warrior.”
“I’ll do whatever I can. Once I get there, I’ll find a place for myself.”
“And what of your condition?”
“The sprites agreed to give me a special crystal that will keep me from transforming. They are working on it now.”
“Yes, yes. Then I guess you’ve thought of everything. I admire your courage and strength; your trust in your friends and their trust in you is admirable, as well. I have no worries about you accompanying Tahir and Oraden, so long as they are willing to accept the responsibility.”
The meeting was brief; after a few more questions and answers, the group was dismissed. It was determined that Tahir, Oraden, Meelix and Gavin would leave for England whenever they were ready.
Oraden and Tahir spent a few days relaxing and being with their family. Together they told the other unicorns they’d soon be leaving for new adventures. As promised, on their last day in Elysi, the sprites and gnomes threw a farewell party. All the unicorns, gnomes, sprites, Jeverre, and even a few mers were in attendance. The sprites sang of heroic adventures. Unicorns, sprites and gnomes gave toast after toast, praising Oraden, Tahir and Meelix, and wishing them the fairies’ protection. Finally, the adventurers were stood before the fire, where they were dressed in beautiful feathers, war paint, and armor crafted by the gnomes and sprites. Tahir received a new bow, elegantly decorated with matching arrows. Meelix was given a spear and a crystal infused with a drop of magic from each of the sprites. Oraden’s headdress was decorated with shining stones that the mers found in the mouths of sea creatures.
Ramah and Diamond beamed with pride watching their sons honored before all of Elysi. They could hardly believe it; the boys had been commissioned by Demetrius himself to become knights in a faraway land.
Eventually the party transformed from a joyous occasion to a sorrowful one. Tahir picked up as many of the little sprites as he could hold and hugged them gently, choking back his tears. Oraden, too, knelt so the sprites could pet him one last time. Meelix was hugged and kissed by his family and friends. The basket; packed with all of the supplies they would need—was already attached to the back of an enormous and powerful dragon. Bastien was commissioned by Alexander to transport the travelers safely to England. In addition to being a friend of Jeverre’s father, Bastien was a trusted and fearless Dracara. Gavin and Bounty were already on board. Diamond waited by the water’s edge.
“Come, my sons,” Ramah said, nudging Oraden and Tahir where they still knelt hugging their little friends. “It is time.”
He walked with them to the river’s edge; Oraden on his right, Tahir to his left.
“Look at your reflection in the water, both of you.”
When Oraden saw himself next to his father, he realized he no longer stood smaller than Ramah. His mane and tail were full; his long horn shimmered like the black pearls in his headdress. His muscles were visible, as were the scars from his previous adventures.
Tahir’s image was that of a muscular young man. He’d been so lean from his primarily vegetarian diet and the days of swimming and running through forests, but now his strength pressed against his clothes. He too, was taller; his head rose well above Ramah’s shoulders. Oraden and Tahir smiled at each other’s reflections, stuck out their chests and held their heads high.
“You are no longer a young colt, Oraden; and you Tahir, are no longer a boy. You are old enough and wise enough to make your own decisions and take care of yourselves. You’ve been doing it for years now anyway, long before you should have. Driving your mother and me insane with worry. But I know you will take care of each other and do what’s best. I’m very proud of you. Don’t be afraid to come back home.”
“I won’t, Father,” Oraden said.
“Thank you, Ramah…Father, and Mother, for everything,” Tahir sobbed. “You have both been so good to me. I will not forget.”
“You two be careful. You too, Meelix,” Diamond said between sniffles. “Take care of my sons and come back home one day.”
Tahir hugged his surrogate parents one final time and the small party boarded the dragon bound for England.
“Are you ready?” the dragon asked.
“We’re ready,” Tahir answered.
“Hold on tight, this might be a little shaky!”
No one expected what the dragon did next. He stood upright and stretched his wings, showering water on the observers. Then, with a few powerful flaps and a billow of smoke, he lifted off; creating a gust of wind that sent the little people tumbling. He flew in a circle above the small camp to let his passenger’s wave goodbye. With a roar, they were gone.



PART III


A L L   G O O D   T H I N G S…
The fallen angels, jealous of God’s superior power, decided to create a realm of their own to reign over. God created man and gave man an abundance of living creatures on land, sea and air to dominate. The fallen angels, mimicking God’s creation, began manipulating and combining separate species of animals and humans, thereby creating such creatures as griffins, centaurs, satyrs, mers and dragons. There were numerous creatures. There were abominations too hideous to even give names to. All of these creatures, though created with evil intentions were for the most part, not evil. They lived and multiplied on what once was a large continent that connected Africa to India. 
The fallen angels, however, never seemed to be satisfied with the kingdom they created. They kept experimenting with different combinations to see what it would produce. At some point, some of the angels began competing against each other to create the most superior creature. Varying amounts of magic was secretly dispersed into different creatures to develop or enhance strength, intellect, character, or to increase life span and any number of other attributes.
Little by little, the rulers began using more and more magic in their competition to create the better creature. Two creatures were of particular interest to the rulers of this land. One was a combination of lion and man. The other creature was half wolf and half man.
These two creatures, early in their youths began exhibiting remarkable magical powers. Concerned that they had finally gone too far, and quite possibly have created beings capable of possessing powers equal to or greater than their own, the creators decided unanimously to abandon creation competition and banned the use of magic to create anymore beings.
The two creatures were allowed to live, but were closely observed. Although they were two entirely different, but equally unique creatures, they found company with each other. 
The fallen angels were cruel and corrupt leaders over the humans and the very creatures they created. But their reign of evil, jealousy, hatred and sin did not stop at the borders of their land. No, the world was wicked; all who were able to think for themselves turned from their true creator, save one. One man, along with his family, remained pure and honest. For this, he was commissioned to construct an ark. 
For years he toiled over its construction and traveled the land to gather animals of all kinds to live in the ark. His journey brought him to the strange land of strange creatures. He gathered those he found there: unicorns, dragons, griffins, mers, centaurs and the two strange creatures like no other. When the last of earth’s animals were safely aboard with the man and his family, the door was sealed and the rains poured and springs opened. All of the lands were flooded, and all that was evil washed away. Only those aboard the ark survived. When the flood waters subsided, earth was as new and green as it had been in the beginning. The occupants of the ark finally abandoned their confinement to flourish and frolic anew. Any trace of the evil continent and its rulers were gone, lost forever. 
Alas, evil is not so easily extinguished.
Chapter Eighteen
D E S T I N Y
The Dracara abandoned his passengers on England’s shore, leaving the small band to travel through the woods on foot. Gavin led the way, telling stories of his days with the King. However, his words were barely heard by his guests, so amazed were they by this faraway land. They expected England to be different, but they were unprepared for an entirely new world. There were birds, but nothing like the birds in Elysi. The trees weren’t the same shape or shade of green. Instead of sandy turf, they walked upon lush grass and moist soil. Even the sun appeared distant, and didn’t shine as brightly in the strange grey sky. The air was cool as night and felt heavy and moist on their flesh.
Gavin pointed out England’s plants and animals, just as Tahir had done for him in Elysi not so long ago. Meelix and Oraden couldn’t understand what he was saying but they followed his hands as he gestured. The day hardly seemed to have begun before the sky turned dark and they were forced to set up camp. The night proved to be just as foreign; there were stars, but none in the familiar shapes found in the desert sky. Unseen beasts howled in the distance. No fairies flickered overhead. There were no soft neighs from unicorns or spritish songs to sing them to sleep. Yet England had a charm of its own and grand promises of glory on the battlefield. Those were the thoughts that guided them to sleep.
The morning air was crisp and cool—perfumed with the scent of a city not too far ahead. As they journeyed on, Gavin told them thousands of stories, painting hundreds of pictures with his words. Nothing, absolutely nothing, came close to describing the magnitude and grandeur of the castle before them. They stood on a small hill overlooking the city with its castle towering in the distance. 
Guards patrolled as shopkeepers sold their wares to people busying through the streets. Horses and dogs trotted along, driven to work by their masters. People yelled and laughed. Tahir could hardly remember, but he didn’t think his village was this noisy. In fact, it was nothing like his village. The buildings here—tall and close together—were built from stone and an unfamiliar dense wood. With their pale skin and strange clothes, the people looked nothing like him. Tahir supposed if the sprites and gnomes were bigger, Rhykell would probably be a loud and busy place too. He suddenly didn’t feel so eager to stroll into such a strange and noisy place. With Gavin’s assurance, Tahir finally mounted Oraden and, with Meelix sitting in front of him, they nervously entered the city walls.
Tahir sat straight and proud; Oraden held his head high, wanting to look as though he belonged in such a place. They could feel the stares and hear the whispers of the people. Tahir swallowed hard and kept his eyes forward. Oraden’s eyes darted back and forth, and his ears tuned in to every word spoken, but he kept his head straight and high, intent on reaching the castle. Meelix never before felt so small; he was awestruck by the giant buildings and the even bigger castle looming in the distance. Gavin on the other hand, was thrilled by all the attention. He tried to keep the smug grin from creeping across his face, but not very hard.
One of the mounted guards trotted to intercept them. He stopped his steed in front of them, looking them over. After a moment he smiled at Gavin.
“Sir Gavin! Only you would stride in here like royalty.” he laughed. “Where have you been and how did you find such interesting company?”
“I have been where I was, and that is where I found my friends. It is good to see you again,” Gavin answered as he shook hands with the man.
“Are you staying or just passing through?”
“I will be here as long as I am welcome.”
“That won’t be long,” he joked. “I am certain His Majesty will want to see you. I will send a messenger ahead to inform him of your arrival.”
“Thank you.”
“I trust you'll be at the tavern before day’s end. There you can tell us what has kept you away so long.” The man nodded to Tahir and continued on to his duties. He seemed oblivious to Meelix. 
“One of my students, long ago,” Gavin explained. They continued onward to see the King. The city was so large that it became an uncomfortable march to reach the distant castle; or maybe all the eyes on them made it feel that way. As promised, a messenger arrived before them, informing them that the King was already making his way down to greet them as Tahir, Meelix and Gavin dismounted their steeds.
Stable boys took Bounty by his reigns to lead him to water and feed, but they were unsure of what to do with Oraden. They were unfamiliar with this creature that had no reigns. Tahir and Oraden looked at each other, then at Gavin. They too, were unsure what they were supposed to do.
“Gavin, you old fool! How dare you enter my kingdom without warning me? You know I need time to hide my women and wine!” King Robert burst through the doors to greet his long-time friend.
“This is why I don’t tell you,” the two men roared with laughter.
“Sire, these are my friends. This is Tahir al-Din of the Nubian Desert, and this is Meelix of Rhykell.”
“Welcome to my kingdom, Tahir and Meelix. A friend of Gavin’s is a friend of mine.”
“Thank you, Your Grace,” Tahir said shyly.
“I must insist that you have dinner with the royal family tonight.”
“Ah, excellent! It’s been ages since I’ve had a decent meal.” Gavin rubbed his belly.
“I say! Is that a unicorn?” the King asked, turning his attention to Oraden. “And black as night! In all my days I have never seen anything like it. Where did you find such a beast?”
“We found each other,” Tahir explained.
“Oh, so it’s your unicorn?” he walked around the animal, running his hands over its silky coat. “Quite a find indeed.”
“Oh, no, he doesn’t belong to me. He’s my friend.”
The King gave Tahir a curious glance then looked to Gavin.
“It is true,” Gavin began to explain. “The unicorn, his name is ‘Oraden’ does not belong to the boy. They are friends; equals if you will.”
“What exactly does that mean?”
“The boy Tahir, well, he has a certain magic that allows him to speak with the unicorn and understand him. Actually, he can communicate with all animals and peoples alike.”
“So the boy is a wizard of some sort?” King Robert’s eyes darted to Tahir and back to Gavin. “What other magic does the boy possess?”
“None to my knowledge.”
“And the gnome?”
“Meelix? He’s as harmless as a butterfly.”
“But has he magic?”
“I know of no magic to the gnome. Why?”
“Gavin, why have you returned now after so many years?  And why have you brought such strange company?” the King asked.
“It is not entirely my doing.”
“Why must I play these ‘question and answer’ games with you? Tell me what I want to know!”
“Right.” He exhaled deeply and cleared his throat. “Demetrius says hello.”
King Robert locked eyes with Gavin, absorbing his last comment. After a long pause he nodded his head.
“I see. Then there is much to discuss. After dinner you will tell me the whole story, including my part in it. But first…” King Robert turned from Gavin to address Tahir. “We will see that all of you are made comfortable. Tahir, tell me what accommodations would be suitable for your unicorn and little friend here, and I will see it done. I imagine you would like to clean up before dinner. I will arrange for some fine new clothes for you all. Oh…” King Robert paused as he looked at Meelix. “Ah, my apologies. I am afraid we may not have anything for the little gnome here. But, don’t worry,” he squatted down to speak directly to Meelix. “By morning my tailors will have an entire wardrobe for you—fine enough to be in the company of a King.” 
Meelix smiled and nodded. He knew the King was saying something nice, but he had no idea what. He just hoped his nod was an appropriate response.
“Thank you, Your Grace,” Tahir offered, “that sounds wonderful. I will let you know as soon as I ask Oraden where he wants to spend the night.”
“Don’t tell me, tell the stable boy. He will see it done. I will see you all fresh and dressed when the bells chime.”
* * * * *
Tahir felt more than a little uncomfortable sitting at a fine feast in the King’s dining hall while Oraden was left outside. They agreed it was best for Oraden to remain in the stable with the horses; he wasn’t comfortable around so many humans, or being confined to walls and doors. Tahir needed to remain in the castle so he could talk with King Robert and explain their business here. They also decided that since the King was also a friend of Demetrius, he would feel obligated to offer his finest hospitalities. To do anything other than accept, might be considered an insult. Still, Tahir didn’t like leaving his best friend alone in a horse’s stable. They talked for as long as they dared. Tahir certainly didn’t want to be late for dinner; He recalled how annoyed his mother was when he arrived late.
While Tahir and Oraden talked in the stables, Gavin gave Meelix some quick lessons on behavior in the company of royalty; how to wash for dinner and what would be expected of him. Manners were of the utmost importance in the presence of royalty. 
The communication barrier between them was breaking down remarkably fast. Gavin spoke several languages fluently. The language of the little people of Rhykell was not difficult for him to learn. With mutual patience and effort, they were able to communicate. 
Meelix absorbed his lessons enthusiastically. His small stature was already a disadvantage to his friends; he certainly didn’t want to embarrass them or cause any ill feelings due to his ignorance. His goal was to fit in as best he could and find a way to become an asset to his company.
Gavin, Meelix and Tahir waited at the table in the dining hall while servants made the finishing touches. Right on time, King Robert descended into the dining hall escorting a young woman on his arm. As they approached, Gavin and Tahir stood, and Meelix followed their lead. The young woman smiled pleasantly at Tahir, quizzically at Meelix, and her eyes lit up when they met Gavin’s.
“My dear Destiny, how beautiful you’ve grown,” Gavin took both of her hands in his. “Why, you were but a child when I last saw you.  And now, you are a beautiful young woman.”
“It is good to see you again, Sir Gavin. It seems that you have escaped time’s embrace. You look as I remember from my childhood,” Destiny said.
“Let me introduce you to my companions…if I may?” he looked over Destiny’s head, seeking the King’s permission. Robert smiled at the reunion and nodded for Gavin to continue. With one arm around Destiny’s waist, Gavin outstretched the other toward Tahir.
“This is my young friend, Tahir al-Din, from the deserts of North Africa. Tahir, this is Lady Destiny, youngest and, if I may be so bold, fairest daughter of King Robert.”
“Hello Lady Destiny. It is very nice to meet you,” She locked eyes with him and smiled, making her best effort to mask her curiosity about his foreign features.
“And this is Meelix of Rhykell, the gnome village in the forest of the unicorns where Tahir has spent many years,” Gavin continued.
“Hello Destiny. It is very nice to meet you.” Meelix repeated Tahir’s words for fear that anything else might be inappropriate.
“Forest of unicorns?” her eyebrows rose. “Such a place truly exists?”
“Yes, yes, Destiny…” King Robert interrupted. “Gavin has been gone a long time. He has met new friends and has many stories to tell. Let us feast. We will sit, eat, and allow Gavin and his friends to tell their tale from the beginning.”
King Robert led his daughter to her seat and then sat down at the head of the table. The food was served by servants standing at the ready and the King motioned for his guests to enjoy their meals.
“Gavin, how does your story begin?”
“Actually, it begins with Tahir,” Gavin replied, nodding toward the boy.
Tahir was surprised. He assumed Gavin would tell his own story and that he would only add a few points of interest or to provide answers when necessary. He didn’t expect to do any real storytelling.
“I believe your story, as it concerns the King, begins with the forest of the unicorns,” Gavin prompted.
“Oh, um, yes…Elysi.”
Tahir began with how he met Oraden and was led to Elysi. He didn’t mention his village’s destruction; after all these years, he still found it difficult to talk about it without becoming distraught. He needed to convince this King he was strong and capable. For now, he only needed to know that Tahir left for adventures. It was, after all, partially true.
“Do you mean that unicorns actually exist and that there is an entire forest of them and they can talk?” Destiny was astonished.
“Yes, they do exist, but I didn’t know that either, until I met them. And there is a meadow full of them, and many other creatures. It is such a beautiful, wonderful place; and yes, they can talk. I mean, unicorns talk to each other, just like all other animals. But I can…I am able to speak to and understand animals.”
“You can understand them? When they talk?” She was bewildered, and looked back and forth between Gavin and Tahir. “What does that mean?”
“It means I can talk to animals. All animals. And of course, people.”
“How?”
Tahir looked at Gavin. He was uncertain as to how much he should tell the King.
“Go ahead lad; tell them everything,” Gavin ushered as he took a savage bite into a juicy turkey leg.
“Elysi is a magical place. While there I learned that I have the magic of universal language…”
“Magic? Father, did you hear? Tahir knows magic!”
“Yes I heard, this is all very interesting. I can’t wait to hear how I fit into all of this. Please go on Tahir.”
Tahir was bothered by the King’s lack of enthusiasm, but he continued as requested. He told about the sprites and gnomes, the pixie dragons, Jeverre and the mers. He even told of his battle with the hyenas, strategically edited, of course. Unlike her father, Destiny was very interested in Tahir’s story. She never took her eyes from him and she frequently asked questions, which steered Tahir off topic now and again, but he managed to stay focused for the most part. He finally came to the part where he met Demetrius and Alexander. Now, King Robert was interested.
“Did he say why he wanted you to find Gavin?” he asked.
“He only said that Oraden and I should find Gavin so that he could teach us the ways of the warrior.”
“And why should you learn these things?”
“Sire,” Gavin answered, “you know, as well as I do, that Demetrius has his reasons—reasons he often does not share. The lad, anxious for new adventures and having newly discovered he had this magic, simply did as he was told. When they found me and explained that Demetrius sent them, I too had questions. I did what was requested and taught them both everything I know about swordsmanship. They learned quickly, and when the lessons were completed, they took me back to Elysi with them. And Destiny, I can tell you; it is the most beautiful and amazing place I have ever beheld. Not the greatest poet in the kingdom could describe it with justice.”
“Oh, could you take me there one day, Gavin? I would give anything to see such a place. A place such as that is difficult to imagine.” 
Gavin smiled and shook his head at Destiny.
“It is very far from here.” Robert reached over and patted her hand. “It would not be good for the daughter of the King to travel so far.”
Gavin continued with his story. 
“While there I met with Demetrius, Alexander, and their new apprentice, Kraven was his name, I believe. Demetrius practically ordered us to come to you. So, here we are.”
“This is an interesting story, but it still does not answer my question: What is my part in all of this?”
“To be honest, I don’t know. But if I know Demetrius, we will know in due time.”
“And what are we to do until then?”
“Nothing, as far as I am aware. I would imagine that things will reveal themselves or Demetrius will send word as to what happens next. We are just following his wishes. I don’t know what he has planned for any of us from this point on.”
“Don’t get me wrong, Gavin, I am pleased to see you again. I just do not like the circumstances of your visit. You are welcome here, as are your friends, but…I have a bad feeling about all of this.”
“What are your feelings telling you?”
“Danger. With Demetrius involved, there is no telling what form this danger may take.”
“Sire, I do not believe Demetrius would put you, your family, or your kingdom in danger.”
“Alas, he already has. I do not wish to explain now, but what I tell you is true.”
“Go ahead Father, tell them now. I know you have tried to shield me from the truth, but I know what I am and how Francis feels about it. I am not a child anymore. Speak freely, for this directly affects us all, particularly me.”
King Robert squeezed his daughter’s hand and gazed into her big, affectionate eyes.
“Suffice it to say, Francis is very intolerant of magic. I fear he may become a threat to you upon his return. Were he here, he’d be putting up a big fuss right now. This is what I mean; I am in danger of dividing my family over this magic business.”
“I can see how this would pose a problem, but to call it dangerous seems a bit much, does it not?”
“You don’t know how cruel Francis can be,” Destiny blurted.
“Francis is the King’s son and heir to the crown,” Gavin explained to Tahir, then returned his attention to King Robert. “What has happened to the prince? I don’t recall him being cruel or dangerous.”
“Believe me, you do not know Francis. It has been many years since you’ve last been here. Much has changed,” the King explained.
“Things are better when he is not here. Thankfully, he is away often,” Destiny added.
“Sire,” Tahir interrupted, “I do not know what lies ahead for us here, but I do know that we did not come to cause trouble in your family or your kingdom. We will be gone before Francis returns; he will never know that we were here. Oraden, Meelix and I are accustomed to—and are more comfortable in the forest. With permission Sire, we would stay in the woods nearby.”
“Tahir, you will do no such thing! You are just as welcome in this castle as Gavin. Right Father?” Destiny pleaded. 
“It doesn’t seem right for friends of Demetrius and Gavin to have come such a long way to live out in the woods like peasants.”
“Don’t look at it that way,” Tahir explained. “For most of my life I’ve been in the woods with animals. It is where I am most at home now. Besides, Oraden has no choice and I’d like to be with him. No one besides us will have to know who we are. We’re just strangers passing through this country and you are compassionate enough to allow us a temporary rest in your forests.”
“The boy has a good point, Sire. Until recently, he hasn’t been around humans for many years. He’s familiar with the outdoors. Don’t look at it as an insult to your hospitality, but as a logical solution to a potentially ‘dangerous’ situation.”
Meelix sat quietly the entire time, trying to piece together as much of the conversation as he could. He could tell there was some sort of problem with their staying in the castle but he wasn’t quite sure why. Eager to get in on the conversation, he tugged Tahir’s tunic and asked him to explain to the King that they could build a tree house hidden from view like in Rhykell. Oraden could even turn invisible if necessary.
Tahir was repeating Meelix’s idea when…
“Nonsense! I am the King. I can have whomever I choose to live in my forest. If you really want to stay in the forest, that is your choice, your suggestion. I am only agreeing in order to make your visit here as comfortable as possible. Let that be clearly understood. However, I will not have you sneaking around in hidden tree houses, becoming invisible and avoiding detection. You can build a house on land or tree, come and go as you please, make friends and conversation with humans and animals as you desire. You are my guests and will behave as such. When Francis returns, just stay out of his way, and I will have him stay out of yours.”
Silence fell over the room while everyone thought about the King’s proposal, or rather, decree. Destiny alone, didn’t like it. She desperately wanted to learn more about magic and Elysi. She didn’t want Tahir out in the woods; but given the situation, she had to admit it would be best for everyone. She’d simply make excuses to visit him without arousing too much attention from her father. That shouldn’t be too difficult. Being the King made him quite the busy man.
“…stay in the castle for tonight and in the morning we can begin building the treehouse if you wish.” her father’s words interrupted her thoughts. “My men will assist you.”
“Thank you very much, Sire. I appreciate your generosity and I apologize for the inconvenience and any trouble our visit may cause you and your family,” Gavin said.
“You could not have known. Even if you had, knowing Demetrius, it was not entirely your doing.”
Chapter Nineteen
H U M A N S
Tahir’s treehouse was built a short walk from the castle walls. Following Meelix’s instructions, the King’s men were able to complete it in a single day. It was a grand treehouse in comparison to the one the gnomes built for him in Elysi.  This one had wooden rails surrounding a small balcony, a retractable ladder, a window with a latch that he could open and close, and to his amazement, it was furnished with a small bed, an even smaller one for Meelix, and a table and two chairs. Upon the table sat a single lantern. It was truly worthy of a place to call home.
In the days that followed their arrival, Gavin spent most of his time in the castle or the tavern discussing politics, sharing stories and re-acclimating with royalty. Tahir, Meelix and Oraden entertained themselves by exploring their new surroundings. 
Tahir was intrigued by the variety of plant life in this exotic landscape. He examined the trees, grasses, flowers, and bushes—which the Englanders called hedges. The gardens were ingeniously arranged to provide varied foods: fruits and berries, roots and grains, stalks and vines dripping with fat pods. He became acquainted with the small creatures in the forest and meadows, assuring them he was a friend and meant no harm.
Oraden instinctively shied away from the humans despite Tahir’s insistence that there was no reason to avoid them. If they were going to remain here for any length of time, they were going to have to get used to human beings. 
Tahir was very friendly in his interactions with the humans. He introduced Oraden as a companion, much the same way a man would introduce his favorite horse. He never mentioned magic or revealed that he could talk to Oraden. The unicorn played the part of an ordinary animal; he stood by, seemingly disinterested in conversation, and allowed himself to be petted.
Meelix, however, did not want to be petted, though he didn’t object when children wanted to touch him. He smiled and played with the children as much as their parents would allow. Most people heard of gnomes. Some even claimed to have seen them deep in the woods. This prompted Meelix, Tahir and Oraden to go in search of gnomes, but if the small people were there, they were impossible to find.
On occasion, Destiny joined them in the garden or invited them for tea. Tahir would tell her all he knew of magic and dragons and unicorns. She’d ask endless questions, fascinated by every detail.
Since Tahir was too old to be a page, and missed much of what he should have learned as a child, Destiny took it upon herself to teach him rhetoric, reading, philosophy, literature and religion in exchange for his tales of Elysi. Most of it was easy, especially learning Latin and how to read, but even when he struggled to understand philosophical concepts, she never seemed to tire of him. During such lessons, she and Tahir strolled through the gardens alone. He could spend all of each day answering her endless questions and listening to her teachings. 
“Tahir, you are so unlike any of my father’s other guests,” she said during a break from reading the teachings of Pliny.
“How so?”
“Most men would spend their time in the castle, partaking of food and drink, agreeing with my father on issues of politics and religion, trying to win his favor…or bidding for me. You don’t seem to be interested in any of those things.”
“I don’t know much about your politics, and my religion is different from yours—not that I remember very much of it. I’m afraid I’d only embarrass myself. It’s all still very complicated to me.”
“Is there nothing in the castle that fascinates you?” she asked. She stooped to smell a rose, still peering at Tahir from of the corner of her eye. Tahir pondered the question as he watched her pluck the rose and walk toward him.
“You have such an eye for beauty, Tahir. I listen to you describe in great detail the grace and majesty of a creature ready to devour you; of sunsets, animals, flowers and even the cold stone walls of my castle. But none for me? Do you not think I am pretty?”
“Yes, yes, of course I do, I mean, no…I mean…” His cheeks burned.
“You do not say it.” she held the rose up to his face. “A hundred times you have complimented my father’s flowers, but not his daughter.”
His mind raced for the right words. Sudlin would know the perfect thing to say.
“My Lady, all the beauty of the unicorns and flowers of Elysi…the stars and sun and moon over Africa, the birds and butterflies and waterfalls and rainbows I have seen could not prepare me for your beauty.” he raised an eyebrow and waited to see if his words were good enough.
She smelled her rose again and then turned and continued on, smiling back at him over her shoulder. She weaved through the garden, delicately running her fingertips over rose petals as she went. Tahir followed, taking a more direct route. He smiled to himself, proud of how he handled her request.
“What good is a compliment if it must be taken like taxes from the townspeople?”
“I may not know what is proper to say to a Lady, but that doesn’t make my words any less true.”
They returned to a small table already set with tea and luxurious deserts. Tahir hurried to help her into her chair as he saw the servants do, and then he poured the tea. 
“How fortunate you are, Tahir,” she said between sips, “to have seen so much of the world. I have been given everything appropriate for the daughter of the wealthiest king of all kingdoms; but it is a life trapped behind these walls. I have all but what I truly want: to see; to know, to experience. To not have to imagine from someone else’s story; I want to have my own story.”
Tahir couldn’t image living his life without adventure; to be a prisoner in his home—even a home as nice as the castle. Sure, it was massive, with extensive grounds, even so, there was only so much one could explore. Then he had an idea.
“Come, My Lady,” he said as he rose from his seat. “I will give you your story.”
She hesitated, not quite understanding what he meant.
“It’s okay, we’re not going far,” Tahir added as he held his hand out to her.
She looked around to see if anyone might be watching. Seeing no one, she quickly took his hand and they ran into the woods, giggling. 
Once they neared the treehouse, they slowed to a walk and Tahir gave a sharp whistle. Destiny was dumbfounded when movement and rustling of leaves and dirt came closer and closer until a galloping black unicorn appeared before her eyes. It trotted right up to Tahir and made strange noises, pawing the ground and tossing its head. Tahir chuckled and rolled his eyes. She couldn’t believe hers.
“Destiny, this is Oraden, my best friend I’ve been telling you about.  Oraden, this is Lady Destiny.”
“I know who she is. She’s all you’ve talked about since we’ve been here,” Oraden teased.
“Be quiet!”
“She can’t understand me, anyway.” he snorted.
“He’s so beautiful, Tahir. May I…pet him?”
“You can do one better. Would you like to ride him?”
“R-Ride him? I- I’ve never…I mean, I don’t know. Is that okay?”
“Ride me?”
“Yes.” Tahir paused for a moment. “Is that okay, Oraden?”
“I guess so. Yes, it’s probably a great honor to give a ride to royalty. Great warrior-adventurer horses do those things, right?”
“Of course.” Tahir turned to address Destiny. “He said he’d be honored to give you a ride.”
“But I don’t know how to ride a unicorn.”
“It’s just like riding a horse.”
“But…without a saddle or stirrups…how…?”
“I don’t know. You just jump up on him like this.” Tahir demonstrated. “See?”
“For fairies sake, Tahir, look at her: all those funny clothes and shoes. She probably can’t jump,” Oraden explained as Tahir dismounted. “I’ll kneel down for her.”
“Good idea.”
Destiny’s eyes lit up with joy. “Oh, thank you Oraden. You are such a gentleman.” She patted his forehead. Tahir took her hand to assist her in mounting Oraden and steadied her as the unicorn rose to his feet. 
“Okay, just hold onto his mane and you’ll be fine,” Tahir instructed.
“Is she ready?” Oraden looked behind him to see Destiny smiling anxiously atop his back. “Oh, yes, she’s ready,” he laughed to see her excitement and began trotting about. He lifted his knees high and held his head and tail up straight, walking the way he thought a royal steed would.
Destiny followed Oraden’s lead by sitting up as straight as she could, proudly riding a unicorn through the royal forest. She tried to look poised and majestic, but she could not stop grinning. 
“This is wonderful, Tahir!
“Hey, Tahir. Do I look like a royal steed?”
“You both look great!” Tahir said between giggles. Actually, he thought Oraden looked ridiculous trying to walk so properly. Oraden stopped mid-gait when he saw Tahir laughing.
“You think I look stupid! What do you know? This IS how royal steeds walk.” Oraden snorted defiantly. Tahir could not stop giggling.
Oraden tossed his head in defeat. “Fine. Hop on, Tahir, let’s show this Lady some real fun!”
“Okay!” Tahir stopped laughing and jumped on Oraden’s back behind Destiny. He reached around her to grab the mane. She squealed in delight as Oraden reared up, neighing and kicking the air.
“Oraden! Don’t forget Meelix!” Tahir shouted. 
They galloped toward the treehouse with Tahir shouting for Meelix. The gnome looked out and saw them approaching. Whatever they were up to, he didn’t want to miss. He scrambled over the rail of the balcony just in time to jump down into Tahir’s arms without Oraden even breaking stride.
“Good catch, Tahir! Where are we going?”
“I don’t know.”
The three sped through the woods on Oraden’s back. Oraden was definitely reaping the benefits of his months of training with Gavin. He easily leapt over fallen trees and small ravines, splashed through creeks, dashed between trees and up and down hills as though they weren’t even there. He felt invincible, and neighed as he leapt over a small creek and changed directions to follow it toward the meandering river. 
A race through the woods on the back of the light-footed unicorn had long ago lost its magic for Tahir. What made this particular ride memorable was his company. He took the opportunity to examine her pale skin and the delicate fabric of her clothes. He leaned sideways to catch a glimpse of her face. She squinted her eyes as Oraden’s long mane whipped in her face. Despite the fact that she was on the adventure of her life, she couldn’t help but notice Tahir observing her. The corners of her mouth curled upward as she peeked behind to lock eyes with him. Not even on the back of the kingdom’s fastest horse had she ever ridden so fast—and never bareback. She had no fear of falling with Tahir’s strong arms around her waist. Oraden slowed to a canter when they reached the place where the creek met the river.
“Let’s stop here for a little while, Oraden,” Tahir suggested.
“Yes, I want to go swimming!” Meelix announced. He climbed from Tahir’s tunic and slid down Oraden’s tail to the ground. Tahir jumped from Oraden’s back and then took Destiny by the waist to lower her to the ground. 
“Thank you,” she said, staring at the ground as she straightened her dress.
“You’re welcome,” he answered, quickly pulling his hands away. “Oraden, Destiny said thank you.”
Oraden tossed his mane and trotted toward the river.
“The water looks so clear. I think that’s a good idea,” Tahir replied.
“What?” Destiny asked, looking back and forth from Oraden and Tahir.
“Oh, I forgot. Meelix suggested we go swimming. Come on!” Tahir shouted as he, Meelix and Oraden started toward the water.
“Swimming? In the river?”
“Of course.” he stopped, and turned to her and asked, “Do you know how to swim? 
“No, no. Of course I can swim” she shook her head as if to dismiss such an idea. “I just…” 
“Cooyah! It’s so cold!” Meelix shouted. “I’ve never been in water like this!”
Destiny and Tahir watched Meelix and Oraden splash each other. 
Why shouldn’t I have fun too? Destiny thought. No one is around to see. Tahir obviously knows nothing of royal etiquette or the proper behavior for a lady…
Oraden’s neigh interrupted her thoughts. He and Meelix came out of the water and were gesturing excitedly toward some tall rocks on the riverbank.
Destiny looked quizzically at Tahir. He explained Oraden and Meelix’s excitement. “See those rocks there, hanging over the river? We once played a game where we climbed high up on the head of a dragon and dove off into the water. Oraden couldn’t do it because he’s too big, but he thinks he can dive off the rocks here. Let’s go, it’ll be fun, you’ll see.” Meelix and Oraden were already running toward the rocks.
“Wait, you guys. I’ll check to make sure the water is deep enough!” Tahir yelled. He kicked off his sandals, whipped his tunic over his head, and ran toward the rocks. After jumping into the water and diving deep below the surface several times, he returned to the riverbank where Destiny waited.
“I’ll do it. I will jump into the water, Tahir,” she said proudly, though her voice shook. Tahir smiled broadly and helped her climb to the top. Meelix and Oraden cheered and urged them on. The four of them stood silently at the edge of the cliff looking into the water.
“Jeverre’s not quite this tall, I don’t think,” Meelix said nervously from Oraden’s back.
“Jeverre is definitely not this tall,” Oraden confirmed.
“Let’s all jump together. On the count of three,” Tahir suggested.
They looked back and forth at each before nodding their consent. Tahir took Destiny’s hand tightly in his left and gently patted Oraden’s mane with his right. Meelix tightened his grip on Oraden’s mane.
“One…” Tahir began the count.
“Two…” they counted together in four different languages.
“Three!” they screamed, and jumped, kicking and neighing into the water. One by one their heads popped to the surface.
“Oh! Heavens!” Destiny gasped. “Never in all my life have I done anything so thrilling!”
“That was great!” Meelix shouted. They continued to chase each other around in the water; laughing, splashing and talking about how thrilling the jump was.
“Let’s do it again!” Destiny squealed.
“Let’s race to the top!” Tahir yelled back, already heading toward the shore. They raced up the rocks and plunged into the river again and again. As they played, Tahir noticed an odd purplish smudge on Destiny’s face. At first he thought it was some sort of reflection, but as it darkened he became concerned. 
“Destiny, there’s something on your face…”
She quickly threw her hands up to cover her cheeks and scrambled out of the water.
“It’s just a leaf or something,” he offered, following her. “You don’t have to leave. Let me see.”
“NO!” she shoved him back into the water. “Leave me alone! I have to go…I’m sorry,” she called back as she ran into the woods, leaving the others perplexed. 
“Should we follow her?” Meelix asked.
“I don’t know,” Tahir muttered as he scrambled back to his feet, watching as she disappeared behind the thick foliage.
She was gone. They ambled back to the castle, trying to figure out what made her so upset and how she managed to disappear so quickly.


Chapter Twenty
E N G L A N D
Gavin often bragged about Tahir’s abilities with the bow and recommended he join the King’s longbow men. Gavin led him to the training yard. The soldiers eyed him suspiciously: He was young, and looked like one of the very people they were training to fight. They said nothing, but set up targets for Tahir so the King could witness his abilities.
“I hope you’re not exaggerating again, Gavin,” King Robert said, taking his seat to observe Tahir’s demonstration. “I am well aware of how you enjoy promoting all of your students as legendary.”
“This time, Sire, you will be amazed. Unfortunately, I can’t take all the credit. He was already quite talented with the bow when he came to me.”
At the King’s command, Tahir unsheathed an arrow and aimed for the farthest target. It flew straight and fast, hitting dead center. Again and again he fired; each arrow hitting its mark. The King stood and applauded.
“For once it seems ale has not hindered your vision, Gavin. There may be a place for you yet, Tahir.”
“Expect nothing but the best from my students!” Gavin slapped Tahir on the back. “He needs a little work with the sword, but he’s a fast learner, you just wait and see.”
“Teach him all he needs to know to serve in my army. Let’s see if we can make a squire of him,” the King ordered the captain. “As for you, Gavin, I expect you to resume your role as one of my instructors. Whip these soldiers into shape. The Vikings are a constant threat from the north and the Moors have been making steady progress in Spain. It is only a matter of time before they reach our borders.”
From that day forth, Tahir was immersed in intense training. Although he was not a typical candidate for knighthood, his talent was far too valuable to be denied. He spent his days fine-tuning his abilities, building his strength, cleaning the stables and tending to the knight’s giant horses. He learned their religion—it wasn’t so different from his own; from what he could remember. They told him stories of Lancelot and kingdoms of old, the codes of knighthood and chivalry. He couldn’t have been happier; this is what he dreamed of his entire life. His father would have been so proud. At day’s end he was sore, dirty and tired, but he always made time to repeat everything he learned to Meelix and the two practiced sword fighting with sticks.
Meelix began sneaking into the yard with the knights, mimicking their moves and trying to learn their language. In little time, he won their favor with his enthusiasm and charm—becoming a mascot of sorts. Oraden leapt the fence and grazed with the horses. He watched Tahir and Meelix spar. He too, grew braver around humans as he grew tired of being left out of the action.
Tahir’s new training schedule left him little time for Destiny. He was fairly confident that she enjoyed being with him as much as he did with her, but one could never be too sure. He definitely didn’t want to do anything inappropriate. The problem was, he really didn’t know what was appropriate and what wasn’t.
Tahir contemplated these things as he walked home after a long day of training. The sound of singing and the smell of cooked rabbit made his stomach growl and his pace quicken. He slid to an abrupt stop when he saw the scene in the clearing beneath his treehouse. Destiny chopped vegetables at a table, her voice tip-toeing up and down with the words of her song. Meelix sang along as he cleaned herbs in a bowl of water. For the first time in Tahir’s memory, Oraden was interested in food preparation; he stood between them, watching closely, and getting his narrow head in the way as they worked.
“Tahir!” Oraden called out when he saw him. “Lady Destiny is cooking for us! She’s making me a salad!”
“Meelix is teaching me how to cook like a gnome,” she explained as he approached.
“I see. It smells wonderful.” he patted Oraden’s neck. “I can’t wait to try it.”
“She is one quick learner, Tahir,” Meelix said, showing Destiny how the sprites cut their vegetables diagonally to look more attractive. “She’s even learned a few spritish songs!”
“Meelix says food tastes best when flavoured with song,” she laughed.
“It is true. And you sing beautifully; I’m sure it’ll taste great. Is there anything I can do to help?”
“No, no. It’s not every day a squire is served by the Lady of the Castle. Just sit and enjoy.”
Tahir washed his hands with the pitcher of water then sat at the table and watched Destiny prepare his food. Meelix and Oraden told him of their day’s adventures with Lady Destiny. She hummed quietly as they spoke; taking her eyes from Tahir just enough to make sure she didn’t cut herself.
“So, what’s the occasion for this visit?” he finally asked.
“Well, I thought you might be longing for a meal in the manner you are most accustomed to,” she explained, setting his plate before him. “Besides, you’ve been so busy; I’ve missed hearing stories about Elysi, so I thought I would come to see Oraden and Meelix. It has turned out to be quite the educational experience. How is it?”
“Delicious!” he said, taking another giant bite. “Just the right amount of song.”
She laughed as she arranged Oraden’s salad on the ground near the table.
“It’s odd,” she said, “to make something so lovely just to throw it to the ground, but that’s how he said he wanted it.” They all laughed. She sat at the table watching them eat.
“Meelix says you don’t eat much meat. Is that why you are so thin?”
Oraden laughed and tossed his head. “I’m big and strong! See?” The unicorn held his head high and flexed his muscles, posing for Destiny. Tahir rolled his eyes.
“My, my. Yes, you are, Oraden,” she smiled and stroked his ego as well as his coat. “You are a most handsome unicorn, and you must be very strong to run so fast.”
“Yeah, but you’re still short,” Tahir remarked.
“Jealous.” Oraden snorted at Tahir then went back to his salad.
“I didn’t mean to embarrass you, Tahir.”
“Meat is scarce in the desert. And my friends are animals; it didn’t seem right to eat them. When it’s hot and dry; cool, juicy fruit and vegetables are preferable,” he explained between bites. “Besides, I think my lightness makes me quick, like Oraden.”
“Well, I have watched you training,” she said, resting her chin in her hands. Watching him enjoy the food filled her with contentment. “You are much more quick and agile than the other squires, and certainly more than the older knights.”
“You watch me?” Tahir asked. “I’ve never seen you.”
“Well, I…um…I watch all the knights train.” She disobeyed the ‘no fidgeting’ rule and turned her attention to straightening her clothes. “From the tower; you can see everything. And I like to know how our army is doing. It is, after all, my kingdom, too.”
“I guess that makes sense,” Tahir agreed.
“Yes. Well, you will be a great asset to my father’s army. He thinks quite highly of you, did you know that?”
“No, I didn’t. I will work extra hard to be sure not to disappoint him.” 
“You will do well here, Tahir. Oh, and you may keep the table as long as you like,” she stood, fidgeting again with her clothes. “I must go now, to see that preparations are complete for dinner,” she gathered her things and stepped in the direction of the castle.
“Wait, we can accompany you!”
“No. You enjoy your dinner; I have walked through this forest alone many times before. Good night.”
* * * * * 
Tahir hadn’t been training long when they received word that men from the north were attacking a small village to the west. He immediately stopped what he was doing and jumped on Oraden’s back with his bow and arrows. 
“Halt!” Gavin shouted, chasing after them. But the drink in his belly sloshed heavily and quickly winded him. “You don’t have any armour, you bloody fool!”
Tahir heard his warning, but didn’t want to waste time going back; he didn’t own any armor anyway. The soldiers and knights armored themselves and gathered their weapons, but Tahir was already long gone. They bolted through the forest under the shroud of invisibility; the only sign of their presence was the sound of sticks being crushed under Oraden’s cloven hooves and the rapid breath through his flaring nostrils. Within minutes they arrived at the small farming community that provided much of the food for the castle and the nearby towns with which they bartered. There were some soldiers stationed there, but not enough to defeat an invading army.
Remaining unseen, Tahir let go of Oraden’s mane and squeezed his legs as he readied his bow. As soon as he was within range, he fired. The foreign soldier dropped. Of course, no one knew where the arrow came from, or the arrows that followed. One by one, the men from the north fell. As they galloped closer, Tahir abandoned his bow for his sword. He gripped Oraden’s mane when the unicorn reared and stomped and kicked the attackers; Tahir slashed, snatching weapons from their hands as he rode by.
The Norsemen panicked, fearing spirits protected the village.  They stumbled over each other to escape the invisible attackers. The battle lasted but a few minutes before the Norsemen retreated, fearing they must have angered the gods. The townspeople cheered; the saints had intervened and protected them from the heathens of the north. They threw stones as the terrified Norsemen ran for their lives.
The cavalry showed up just in time to see Tahir and Oraden become visible again. No one knew how to react to such magic. He saved their lives, but from where did his power come? Magic was supposedly the work of the devil, but he fought for the king’s people. He must be good, they thought. After a moment’s hesitation, they swarmed him, cheering and asking hundreds of questions, and admiring Oraden. Tahir beamed and stuck out his chest. 
His first victory was most certainly not to be his last. Life in England was hard; they were constantly under attack from competing kingdoms and countries. He accompanied the knights into battle, typically lending his arm to the longbow men, but also helping the knight’s suit up and preparing their horses. He occasionally got caught up in melee, fighting with cheap or worn armor and weapons; the high quality weaponry reserved only for knights. Not that he needed it: most found it difficult to attack someone who couldn’t be seen.
In time, Tahir and Oraden became as battle-hardened as the others. Despite the violence, he kept his sense of adventure and child-like interest in the world. He enjoyed talking to the townspeople, eager to learn about them and fit into their society. Unlike his brothers-in-arms, who spent their free time in taverns or brothels, Tahir studied. He absorbed the knowledge preserved in books, and that which could be gleaned from exploring the natural world. He learned about the common animals of England. When he and Meelix studied the plants, they were able to modify gnome dishes by substituting ingredients native to England. They unsuccessfully searched for magical forests like Elysi.
His favorite pastime though, was finding excuses to be with Destiny. He often volunteered to guard the castle so he could watch as she oversaw food preparations, or studied in the library, or walked to the chapel. Whenever possible, he positioned himself in a location she would frequent. For her part, she found excuses to walk past his post often. She would smile and hold his gaze until she could do so no longer without walking backwards. Whenever she needed the assistance of a strong arm, and sometimes even if she didn’t, Tahir was her arm of choice, even if she had to pass dozens of other guards and servants on her way to find him. Every task given to him, no matter how difficult or trivial; he treated with the utmost importance.
He smiled as he remembered the time she walked halfway around the castle to ask him to retrieve a kettle that was just barely out of her reach. She smiled up at him as he shook his head and handed her the kettle. There was always something just a little too high, or a little too heavy. 
The guard scheduled to relieve him of his post startled Tahir from his daydreaming. He left the castle and headed toward his home in the forest. It was not yet dark, but the sun hung low in the sky. He sang to himself as he walked through the courtyard.
Gavin was in the tavern, as usual, when he spotted Tahir passing by. He grabbed his drink and staggered outside, yelling, “Tahir!” He steadied himself against the door frame and called, “Come have a talk with me.”
Tahir sighed. Although he appreciated everything Gavin was doing for him, he still loathed these conversations with him. He reeked of ale, was loud and obnoxious, and made a habit of hitting or pushing him. He just didn’t understand Gavin. There were many knights just like him, but Gavin seemed more annoying than the rest. Perhaps it was because he was the one Tahir was bound to. He watched the drunkard stagger to a wooden bench and plop down, motioning for Tahir to join him. He prepared himself for the punches he would assuredly receive and obeyed.
“That’s a good lad,” he began slapping Tahir’s leg. “You’ve done quite well for yourself. No doubt thanks to my training!” he laughed and shook Tahir by the shoulder.
“Thank you,” Tahir said, trying to straighten up.
“Aye.” he took a swig from his mug. “And King Robert is pleased with your hard work. Earning yourself quite the name, aren’t you? And Lady Destiny, she certainly seems to fancy you. Beautiful, isn’t she?”
Tahir shifted in his seat.
“No need to be embarrassed, lad. I would think there was something wrong with you if you didn’t agree!”
“Yes, she is,” he agreed, unable to hide his grin.
“Good! So you do have eyes! Then why don’t you see that King Robert is searching for a suitable husband for her? Remember what happened to me with Grace? Learn from the mistakes of others, lad. Don’t be such a bloody fool.” Gavin slapped him hard on the back of the head.
“But you said she fancies me. I haven’t done anything inappropriate.”
“It doesn’t matter who she fancies. England is in turmoil; enemies surround us. With the right marriage, we could gain the favour of other kingdoms. We need all the allies we can get!”
“The King would marry off his own daughter for martial gain?”
“Of course! What better offering than a beautiful wife?”
“In Elysi, the female unicorns choose their mates after the males prove their strength. And the sprites and gnomes marry for happiness, love and companionship.”
“Then marry an elf!” He burst into laughter and punched Tahir in his arm, practically knocking him off the bench. “You are a funny one! You don’t live in fairyland anymore, lad! Gnomes and unicorns…no wonder she likes you!”
Tahir stared at the ground and rubbed his throbbing shoulder.
“Bah! Don’t be melancholy. Your looks and courage have caught the eye of many a fair damsel. Forget Destiny, I’ll introduce you to women who have been asking about you. Come with me!”
“No thanks Gavin. I need to be going. Oraden is expecting me.” He rose from the bench.
“Come now, it’ll be fun!” Gavin chugged the last of his ale. Even through his bloodshot eyes he could see that Tahir was troubled. “Never mind me. Have hope, lad. It’s not impossible for a man of lower class to win the arm of royalty. It’s uncommon, but it has happened. I’m afraid time is against you. Grace had been married for years by the time she was Destiny’s age. I do not understand why His Majesty delays, but maybe his hesitancy will be to your benefit.”
Tahir nodded and lifted a hand in farewell. He remained lost in his somber thoughts all the way home. He found Oraden grazing and Meelix practicing his swordsmanship. They quickly picked up on his foul mood and let him be.
The woods were so quiet in England. In Elysi, there was always singing or laughing or storytelling. Here there was nothing but the sounds of insects and the occasional shout from the castle. Tahir grew tired of the silence and sang to himself as he heated water and filled his wooden barrel for a bath. Oraden grazed nearby, enjoying the song while Meelix filled in with harmony.
“Do you ever miss Elysi, Tahir?” Oraden asked when they finished their song.
“Sometimes, but I haven’t really thought much about it. I’ve been so busy here.”
“I definitely miss having people the same size as me,” Meelix said as he swung his stick-sword, trying to perfect his form. “I think one day my head is going to get stuck looking up.”
Tahir chuckled as he picked up a large bowl and filled it with water. 
“There you go, Meelix. Maybe a hot bath will relax your neck.”
“I hope we meet some real giants someday, and then you’ll see how you like it,” he snapped, throwing down his stick and stripping off his clothes.
Tahir undressed and got in his tub. He inhaled the rising steam, hoping to clear his mind. He knew Gavin was right, but he didn’t want to worry about it right now. Right now, life was good. He’d figure out what to do about Destiny later.
“Perfect. I get left out again,” Oraden snorted. “What’s so great about these baths anyway?” he trotted over to Tahir’s tub and reared up, trying to get his legs in.
“Stop it, Oraden!” Tahir shouted, trying to push Oraden away.
The unicorn rammed the barrel, trying to tip it over. Meelix screamed with laughter.
“Dump him out, Oraden!” the gnome cheered from the safety of his own bath. Tahir swatted at Oraden and gripped the sides of the barrel as the water splashed his face.
“You want to know about baths?” he grabbed Oraden by the horn and dunked his face into the hot water.
The unicorn choked and gagged. He jerked free and kicked the barrel before stomping away. When he turned back to face Tahir, his wet bangs were plastered over his eyes. He snorted and shook them loose. Then he galloped toward the barrel and leapt, intentionally clearing it just enough to force Tahir to duck his head under the water.
“That’s it!” Tahir scrambled out of the barrel and chased after Oraden. Meelix laughed hysterically at the sight of the naked human running through the woods trying to tackle a unicorn.
Destiny’s giggle stopped them dead in their tracks. She smiled mischievously as she approached them.
“Destiny!” Tahir jumped behind Oraden, who laughed and repeatedly faked running off as Tahir darted in unison, trying to keep his nakedness hidden. Meelix squealed and grabbed the closest article of clothing and pulled it into the bowl to cover himself.
“You can’t…how long have you been watching?” Tahir stammered. 
Destiny continued her approach, never taking her eyes off him. He danced around Oraden as she tried to peek over the unicorn’s back.
“Inappropriate! This is not your place! Go back to the castle!”
“Who are you to tell me where I can and cannot go? This is my kingdom, my forest. I was just on a leisurely walk and happened upon you.”
“I’m serious!” he yelled, desperately trying to conceal his dignity.
“Alright, alright. Get dressed. I promise not to look.” she turned her back to them but positioned herself to be able to peek a little as he and Meelix quickly put their clothes on. 
“Destiny, you have to stop doing things like that,” he scolded, grabbing her arm and turning her to face him. Her eyes traveled down his partially covered chest. His robe was haphazardly thrown about him, revealing an unusual amulet or talisman hanging from a long cord around his neck. It was tarnished and had an antiquated appearance; it may have been forged from some sort of precious metal. Her brow furrowed as she tried to make out the markings. It was not English, nor Latin, but a script she did not recognize. Yet, it seemed familiar somehow. Tahir led her farther away for privacy, oblivious to her fascination with the talisman.
“I mean it, Destiny, you have to stop this.”
“Stop what?” she responded, faking innocence. “I told you I was just out for a stroll. You shouldn’t be running through the woods if you aren’t decent,” she reached into his robe, the back of her hand grazed his chest causing his muscles to quiver as she lifted the talisman to examine it. Her fingertips traced the intricate engravings. “Tell me, where did you get this talisman?” 
“Are you even paying attention to me?” he asked, taking it from her hand and wrapping his robe tighter. “I’ve had it my whole life. My father gave it to me, but that’s not important right now. What are you doing here? You know, as well as I, that your father would not approve of you spending so much time out here with me.”
“You were not so concerned with gaining my father’s approval yesterday. Is pleasing him more important than pleasing me? What has changed you? Is it that wench, the seamstress’ daughter?” her eyes narrowed into slits. “I’ve seen the way she looks at you. I should have her eyes cut out.”
“What? Cut out her eyes? No! What is wrong with you? I swore loyalty to your father, to abide by his laws. I cannot jeopardize my honor.”
“Your honour?” she turned away from him in disgust. “Ugh, you are turning into one of them. I thought you were different; I should have known. Is that all that matters to you? Your rank in my father’s army?  A sword is more important than I am?”
“What would you have me do?” his tone softened, but when he touched her she still pulled away. “When your father decides, you will be forced to marry. What matters to me is irrelevant. Go back to the castle; find yourself a suitable husband.”
She glared at him and then stormed toward the castle without so much as a glance back. Tahir watched until she was out of sight. He sighed and kicked at the leaves and twigs before climbing up to his tree house for the night.
Chapter Twenty-One
S M O K E Y
Meelix, Tahir and Oraden decided to spend the next few days traveling to the outlying villages. They often interacted with the residents closest to them, but rarely ventured beyond the city walls except in battle. After his conversation with Gavin, he thought spending some time away from Destiny was in order.
The sky was clear, the air cool; it was a perfect day for strolling in the wilderness. Oraden was in a great mood, happy to be in the forest with his friends. Meelix told one funny story after another of the odd characters he’d become acquainted with in the town. Tahir eased into contentment like a favorite tunic he hadn’t worn in a while. 
Suddenly they heard a commotion coming from a nearby village. Human screams brought their laughter to an end, and the thunderous roar rising above the clamber brought their hair on end. Tahir scooped Meelix up and jumped on Oraden’s back. The unicorn raced at a full gallop toward the ruckus.
“Declan! Declan!” echoed a roar above them.
“Stop, Oraden!” Tahir shouted. “I hear a voice calling for someone!”
“Declan! Declan!”
“What is that, Oraden?” they all looked up for clues to the source of the voice.
“I don’t know. I can’t imagine a bird having so loud a voice,” Oraden answered.
“It’s definitely something large,” Meelix said.
A darkened shade suddenly enveloped them; a shade that disappeared as quickly as it had come. Oraden caught a glimpse of the thing responsible for the shadow.
“It went this way!” He reared and sprinted off. Darting between trees and bushes; they followed the creature’s cries. They entered into a clearing and stopped to look and listen.
“Did you see it?” Meelix whispered, clutching Oraden’s mane in case he took off again.
“Yes, it’s big and green. I only saw its tail though.”
“It’s tail? Do you know what it is?”
“I’m not sure. I think it might be—look!” Oraden whispered. “There it is!”
Tahir and Meelix saw it too, though it seemed oblivious to them. It was small in comparison to Jeverre, hardly bigger than a jackal, but it was definitely a dragon. Its slender, snake-like body was covered in greenish-brown scales, and its muscular legs ended in webbed feet and clawed toes. Fins and spikes protruded from its entire body.
“What do we do now?” Meelix asked in a hushed voice.
“Are you looking for Declan?” Tahir called out to the dragon.
The creature whipped around to face them. “Do you know where he is?” It spoke quickly, in a sing-song cadence.
“No, but I heard you calling for him.” 
“I have to find him. I think he’s around here somewhere.”
“Who is he?” Tahir slowly dismounted Oraden and motioned for him to stay put.
“He is Declan.”
Tahir looked at Oraden and Meelix but they offered no help.
“Okay. How did you lose him?” Tahir asked the dragon.
“He was sent to find nexus. Now I have to find him and nexus.”
Tahir inched toward the dragon. 
“So, who is Declan and Nexus?”
“If I tell you, will you help me find them?”
“I don’t know, tell me first.”
The dragon, realizing that the human might help, apprehensively approached Tahir and began his story. “Declan needs nexus to finish the spell.”
“What is he talking about?” Tahir asked Oraden.
“How should I know?”
“Who is Declan?”
“My friend.”
“Is he a dragon?”
“What’s a dragon?”
Tahir and Oraden exchanged glances.
“Enough. I’m leaving.” Oraden turned to walk away.
“No, wait.” Tahir stopped him. “You,” he said to the dragon, “are a dragon.”
The creature looked perplexed. “He isn’t me.”
“Uh, huh…” Tahir was dumbfounded. “Is Declan a man?”
“Of course.”
“So, your friend Declan is a man and you think he’s lost, right?”
“Right. Now you’ll help me find him, yes?”
“Well, who is Nexus?”
“Nexus is the herb.”
“Oh, nexus isn’t a person?”
“No, why would it be a person?”
“I don’t know.”
“Tahir,” Oraden cocked his head in disbelief, “why are you even trying to figure this out?”
Tahir shrugged. “What’s the herb for?”
“To complete the spell.”
“Spell? Like a magic spell?”
“Yes.”
“Is Declan a wizard?”
“No, he’s a magician.”
“Who sent him to find the herb?” 
Oraden stepped closer.
“Morrigan and Skelly.”
“Are they magicians, too?”
“Yes.”
“Declan, Morrigan and Skelly?” Oraden repeated. “Hmm…”
“What kind of spell are they trying to cast?”
“A spell that will get them to the gods.”
“Really? Why do they want to get to the gods?” Tahir asked, realizing his mistake too late. Why was he even bothering with this annoying creature whose friends believed they could get to the ‘gods’ by using some magical herb?
“How else could we get them to help?”
“Why do you need help from the gods?”
“To save the world! Why don’t you know this?”
“Okay. Let’s find Declan. Maybe he can explain a little better. What does he look like?”
“He, he looks like you!”
“What? What do you mean he looks like me?”
“He’s a human and a man like you.”
Tahir was getting very aggravated by this dragon’s inability to carry on a conversation. He turned to Oraden, who obviously felt the same impatience, if not more.
“What do you guys think?” he asked. 
“I think this is the beginning of our first real adventure here in England,” Meelix said excitedly.
“I agree with you. I think we should try to find Declan, see if we can figure out what’s going on. It can’t possibly be the same people, but I’ve heard fairy songs with those names before,” Oraden reported.
“Really?” Tahir asked. His apprehension grew.
“I only know tiny bits of the story and it could be coincidence, but it worries me that these magicians are trying to save the world,” Oraden continued.
“I wonder what they are trying to save the world from,” Tahir pondered.
“So we’re off to search for a magician!” Meelix exclaimed.
The plan was for Tahir to go into the village to ask about Declan. He instructed the dragon to remain in the clearing with Oraden and Meelix, and to keep looking for the herbs until he returned.
The search for Declan was easy enough. By the time he got to the village, the people had calmed down enough to provide him with the information he needed. Declan, it turned out, was arrested for trespassing. Tahir hurried to the holding quarters.
Declan was a short, plump, grey-haired, severely bow-legged man. Whatever Tahir thought a magician should look like; this man was the direct opposite.
“Declan?” Tahir called.
“Yes? What is it?” The magician sat with his back to Tahir.
“My name is Tahir. I ran across your dragon friend, and he told me…”
“You met Smokey?” Declan jumped to his feet and grasped the bars of the cell.
“Smokey? His name is Smokey?” Tahir shook his head. “I left him waiting in the woods while I came to find you.”
“You spoke to him? Who are you?”
“As I said, my name is Tahir…”
“Yes, yes, yes, Tahir. I heard you the first time. Has he found the nexus?”
“I don’t believe so. He was…”
“Well, what is he doing then?”
“He said he was looking for you.”
“How did he find me in here?”
“He didn’t. I found you,” Tahir explained, with more than a hint of agitation in his voice.
“Why are you looking for me? Have you found the nexus?”
“I don’t even know what the nexus is! The dragon asked me to help him find you!
“We need that nexus. I am wasting time in here.”
“Tell me about this nexus.”
“It is an aromatic sap extracted from the herb nextius which grows…”
“Wait a minute. Just wait. What I really need to know is why you need this herb.”
“Oh. We need it as our final ingredient to open the doors to the heavens. You see, Morrigan has to go talk with the gods in person since they won’t answer our prayers. But we need the nexus; none of this will work without it. Where is Smokey? Has he found the nexus yet?”
Tahir pressed his forehead against the bars. Maybe he should just walk away from this crazy magician and his crazy dragon. But what if his intentions are good? What if he really is attempting to save the world? But from what? He had to find out. If there really was some kind of danger, he didn’t want to trust the fate of the world to this fool.
“Declan, can you just answer a few simple questions in three words or less?”
“Yes.”
“Is the world in danger?”
“Yes.”
“Who or what is the source of the danger?”
“Gizmoralf.”
“Gizmoralf? Okay. Can you and your friends stop the danger?”
“No.”
“So you want the gods to help you stop Gizmoralf?”
“Yes.”
“Is Gizmoralf a magician?”
“No.”
“Is he human?”
“No.”
“Okay, Declan. What is he?”
“Evil.”
“Evil? Just evil?”
“The most evil.”
“I don’t understand, Declan. How do you stop evil?”
“Must not allow.”
“Allow what?”
“Evil to be.”
“To be what Declan?”
“Released into the.”
“Into the…?” Tahir sighed with the realization that Declan was answering his questions in three words or less.
“The world.”
“How will this evil be released into the world?”
“A powerful wizard.”
“A wizard? Who? What is his name?”
“I don’t know.”
“So a powerful wizard we don’t know is going to release evil into the world? Where is evil now?”
“In a prison.”
“How is evil held in a prison?”
“Magic.”
“You are a magician, right? Why can’t you keep it there?”
“Not powerful enough.”
“So that’s why you need the gods to help you?”
“Yes.”
Tahir paused to rub his barely fuzzy chin the way he saw other men do when they pondered serious matters.
“Would another powerful wizard be able to help?” he finally asked.
“If powerful enough.”
“Where is the prison that holds evil?”
“In the big.”
“Big what?”
“Rocks.”
“Where are the big rocks?”
“East, not far.”
“Can you take me there?”
“Yes. And no.”
“What does that mean?”
“Can, but won’t.”
“Why not?”
“Secret.”
“Declan, listen to me. I have a friend—actually three friends—who are good and powerful wizards. Do you want them to help keep the evil in prison?”
Declan rocked and stared down at his feet.
“Declan? Do you want them to help?”
“Don’t know.”
“Why don’t you know?”
“They could be.”
“Could be what?”
“Evil too.”
“They are not evil. They hate evil. They are good wizards. They want to save the world. They would want to help.”
Once again Declan was silent.
“What’s wrong, Declan? Don’t you believe me?”
“I have a.”
“A what?”
“Question.”
“You can ask a question, and it doesn’t have to be in three words or less.”
“Who are your wizard friends?”
“Demetrius, Alexander and Kraven. Do you know them?”
Declan grinned from ear to ear and began twirling and mumbling. When he finished his little circular dance around the cell, he turned back to Tahir.
“Do you know them, Declan?” Tahir repeated.
“Yes, of course. Who doesn’t? Well, actually I do not know this Kraven, but no matter. Where are they now and how soon will they be here?”
“I have to talk to them about this first. But…”
“I know. Yes, there is much to be done. Where is Skelly? Oh, never mind. I’ll find him myself. Where did you say Smokey is?”
“He is in the clearing just outside of the village.”
“Demetrius and Alexander are both coming?”
“Yes,” Tahir said, surrendering to the nonsense.
“It is time to leave here. Who has my belt? I cannot leave without my belt.”
“Leave? Where are you going? You are in a prison yourself, remember?”
“I must leave to prepare for the coming of the great wizards and the great battle.”
“What battle?”
“The battle between good and evil. Where is my belt? Have you seen it?”
“No, I haven’t seen it. Why is it so important, anyway?”
“I need it for my magic.”
“Your magic is in your belt?”
“Of course. I need my belt so I can get out of here.”
“Listen, Declan. I think I can get you out of here without your belt. But you have to stay put and not do any magic tricks, okay? Just sit here quietly until I get back. The villagers are already in an uproar over Smokey flying around. It wouldn’t be a good idea for you to do magic in here. The people are frightened enough already. Understand?”
“Smokey wouldn’t hurt anybody.”
“I know, I know. But they don’t know that.”
Tahir didn’t trust Smokey to get himself home. Better to keep an eye on him to prevent any more flying through the village and scaring the common folk. He’d speak to Gavin and King Robert to ask for Declan’s release, and then decide what to do from there. He wasn’t convinced that there was some evil about to be released upon the world, but he was certain that Declan believed it. Declan was a strange man but not necessarily a dangerous man. Tahir didn’t feel there was justification in imprisoning him for picking weeds from the forest. 
He reached the clearing and found Smokey sleeping under a tree, his body curled up like a snake. Oraden and Meelix kept watch not too far away. Oraden didn’t like the idea of having to guard a stupid dragon while being excluded from meeting with the King to discuss plans that would obviously include him. However, Tahir explained it was best this way, given how the King felt about magic. He couldn’t very well bring Smokey with him; that would be disastrous. Meelix was too small to watch Smokey alone. Oraden was the only logical choice. If Smokey became impatient and wanted to leave, Oraden was smart enough to come up with a way to keep him there or at least race back to the castle to report that he’d left. Oraden reluctantly agreed to stay with Meelix and the dragon.
* * * * *
Destiny gazed into the woods, dreaming of another life. From her window she could just barely make out flecks of Tahir’s house peeking through the leaves. It wasn’t really spying; she trusted him and his friends. Despite their fight a few days ago, she couldn’t resist watching him. To see him gallop through the woods fueled her imagination. She wondered where he was going, who he would meet, and what they talked about. She particularly enjoyed watching him practice his sword play. It was easy to spot one of Gavin’s pupils by their technique. He moved his sword with strong, fluid movements as he fought imaginary enemies. On occasion, she would even take up a sword and mimic him.
The treehouse, however, had been vacant most of the day. In fact, he’d been quite distant lately: avoiding the castle, hardly taking any shifts as guard. When she did see him, he nervously looked at the floor as she past. Why was he suddenly making things so difficult? It wasn’t fair. All these years she spent alone in this castle; not physically alone, there were always people conducting business within the castle walls. Yet she always felt alone. Until Tahir. Since he came into her realm, it was as though she had stepped into a fantasy land. The life she dreamed of since she was a little girl, filled with magic, mystery, beauty and romance; the life she always wanted, but never believed she’d experience was right outside her window. 
Now Tahir was ruining everything with talk of her father marrying her off. He knew nothing of her family’s affairs; who was he to tell her where her place was? Or what was appropriate for that matter? She sighed and rested her chin in her hands as she leaned out the narrow window. She was growing increasingly weary of people telling her what she could and could not do.
She was stewing in her frustration when she noticed a butterfly glide nearby. She moved her goblet of wine onto the window sill hoping the sweet aroma would draw it closer. As predicted, it landed on the rim and used its antennae to examine the drink. Like a cat, she pounced, catching it in her hands before it could escape. She raised it to her face and watched it flutter madly between her interlocked fingers. She positioned her fingers to look like a cage as she observed her prisoner. Her eye caught the flicker of a candle. One of her eyebrows lifted and she smiled at her captive as she glided across the room toward the pungent flame. 
Holding the butterfly by one wing, she slowly moved it toward the flame. First, just close enough that she could feel the heat radiating on her hand. Then she moved closer. The butterfly tried to break free, struggling against her giant grip. She imagined it was crying and screaming, so small she couldn’t even hear it. She gritted her teeth as she moved closer still, the small flame burning her fingers. How painful it must be for the poor, poor butterfly.
Tahir’s heavily accented voice snatched her attention from the butterfly. She ran to the window, forgetting about her prisoner and accidentally letting it escape. She glared at it struggling to fly with singed wings. The butterfly instantly dropped dead to the floor. She returned her attention to Tahir and Gavin as they spoke. Tahir’s soft words were all but impossible to discern. But by his expression and gestures, he must be discussing something important. Their conversation seemed to be leading them into the castle, probably to speak with her father. She dashed to the mirror and straightened her clothes before heading down to meet them.
* * * * *
“I knew this would lead to trouble,” King Robert muttered after Tahir explained all that happened with Declan and Smokey. “I knew it when you first came here talking about unicorns and magic and such.”
“We didn’t bring this trouble, Sire. It would have happened whether we were here or not. It is most fortunate that we are here. At least we have the resources to deal with it,” Gavin offered.
“Deal with it? How do you plan to deal with a dragon and a lunatic of a magician?”
“First of all, I think it best if you order Declan to be released. We need him to help us find this evil and keep it imprisoned. Next, I plan to send word to Demetrius and Alexander and explain the situation.”
With elbows resting on the table, the King put his head in his hands and breathed deeply through his closed fingers. Gavin and Tahir waited anxiously. Finally he raised his head.
“Listen, I am not completely ignorant to things that go on in this world. I am aware that there are magical creatures, wizards, witches, dragons and fairies. I know they are out there, but I have gone to great lengths to keep them at a distance. It is not because I am afraid of them or that I don’t like them. It is only because of what I have at stake in my own personal life. You just don’t understand. I don’t want Destiny running around with magic, discovering things she shouldn’t. Never mind!” He shook his head. “I just don’t want to draw attention to this family.”
They were puzzled; neither understood what the King was trying to say or not say for that matter.
“Robert, what are you talking about? Whose attention do you not want?”
The King merely waved his hand as if to dismiss the thoughts from his friends’ minds.
“I suppose it doesn’t matter. The point is, I’m afraid of what Francis might do when he finds out about all of this. He absolutely despises magic of any sort, you know.”
“Robert, my friend, I understand your concerns. But what would you have us do? You have a crazy magician locked up in the middle of the village just itching to start casting spells to free himself of his prison. There is a dragon roaming the forest, looking for an herb that will gain these magicians access to the gods. A dragon that has already put the village in an uproar once today. What do you think he will do if we turn our backs on this situation and leave his master locked up? All we are asking is that you free Declan and allow him and his dragon to go back to wherever they came from.”
“And then what? What about this evil that is going to be set free?”
“Tahir and I will deal with that. We will keep them out of your kingdom, and if there is such an evil we will take care of it with the help of Demetrius and Alexander. But it will no longer be a concern to you or your family.”
“Fine. I will order this fellow to be released under two conditions. First, you must not allow him to open the gates of heaven. He is not to disturb the gods in any way. Second, I want him out of my kingdom immediately. If he ever returns, I will have him beheaded.”
King Robert wrote a note giving orders to release Declan. With an exasperated sigh, he sealed it and handed it to Tahir. Moments later, Gavin began gathering some of his things and met Tahir at his treehouse where he was also throwing a few items into a pack.
“Are you ready Tahir?”
“Yes, we should double up on Bounty. I will be riding Oraden shortly. I don’t want to be responsible for one of the King’s horses being left in the forest.”
“Excellent idea. I’ll go fetch Bounty. Meet me in the stable as soon as…”
“This is Windsong. She’s fast, smart, and gentle,” Destiny surprised them. She held Windsong and Bounty by the reins. Both were readied for traveling.
“What are you doing out here?” Tahir asked as he took a few steps towards her.
“I heard your conversation with my father and I decided to come with you.” 
“Oh, no, you’re not!” Gavin practically shouted. “If you heard the conversation then you know how your father feels about this. I will not go against his wishes. And neither should you!”
“More than anyone, I know how my father feels. I am not a child anymore. I have been hoping for an opportunity like this for as long as I can remember.”
“Destiny, you cannot go with us. We promised your father that we would handle this matter without any further involvement of his kingdom or his family. That obviously includes you.”
“But Gavin...?”
“No, Destiny. He’s not only the King, but also my friend. I believe there is much he has not told me. Perhaps something about you, your brother…I do not know what is going on with your family, but I will respect his wishes. Besides, I don’t know where we will end up or how long we will be gone. You cannot come with us. That is final.”
“Is it so wrong to want to learn about a world that has been kept secret from me?”
“This is not my decision, Destiny. You know that. I would love to hear your story, but unfortunately, we simply do not have the time right now. Once we have completed our tasks, we will sit down and talk this out thoroughly and see if we can’t get your father to compromise.”
“Do you promise, Gavin?”
“Absolutely. I always keep my promises, little one.” 
Destiny’s face showed obvious disappointment. She looked to Tahir for help. Her eyes begged him to include her in their adventure. His eyes shifted back and forth, averting hers.
“Your Highness, Gavin is right…”
Her icy glare cut him off. “Sir Gavin, give us a moment of privacy please,” she waited until he distanced himself from the two before continuing. “Why are you being so cruel, Tahir? First you scold me like I am a child, then you ignore me, now this? What have I done to make you despise me?”
“Despise you? How could you say that? You speak as though I have a choice in these matters. I have to do as I am ordered.”
“Who ordered you to treat me in this manner?”
“What did I do that was so wrong? Your father forbade us to involve his family in this matter and Gavin told me that it was inappropriate for me to spend so much time with you. Your place is in a castle with a man of noble blood, not running around the forest with me and Oraden. You must remain here!”
“Gavin? Tahir, you are insufferable!” she swatted at him furiously; he ducked and shielded his face from her attack. 
“Calm down!” he yelled.
“You let a drunkard tell you how to handle your affairs? So be it; I shan’t delay you any longer. Go.”
“I’m sorry about this Destiny, but we’ll talk when I get back. You understand, don’t you?” he reached out to take her hand.
“Do not touch me!” she jerked away from him, crossing her arms and refusing to even look in his direction.
“Tahir, let’s go,” Gavin said as he mounted Bounty, anxious to be on their way, and away from Destiny. As he recalled, the king’s youngest daughter had quite the temper. 
Tahir hated to leave Destiny upset, but by now his patience was thin and he’d been gone too long. He could only imagine how agitated Oraden must be by now. He wanted to smooth things over with Destiny but didn’t know what to say. He climbed onto Bounty behind Gavin and they rode off, leaving Destiny pouting alone beside Windsong. She solemnly watched as they raced off into the forest.
Thankfully, Oraden, Meelix, and Smokey were still in the clearing. According to Oraden, Smokey was very distressed about not having found Declan or the herbs. Oraden had to repeatedly explain that he would soon be reunited with Declan and they would all help him find the herbs.
“Tahir, we could split up,” Meelix suggested. “While Gavin works out a plan to inform Demetrius and Alexander, you and Oraden can go get Declan to lead you back to wherever he’s from. Smokey and I will meet you along the way.” 
“We could try to summon Nayani. Have her tell Demetrius and Alexander,” Oraden suggested.
“Nayani? We can summon her?” Tahir was skeptical. “Are you sure we want to?”
“She can be intense sometimes, but she has our best interests in mind,” Oraden explained. “Fairies have told me that it’s possible to communicate to dryads through plants, any plants. We just have to get her attention.”
“Oh, boy, she’s going to be angry about this…” Meelix mumbled and rubbed his face.
“Okay, so we just talk to some plants?”
“Let me try,” Meelix walked up to a yellow flower and cleared his throat, “Hello, flower. My, but you’re looking lovely today.”
“Just get to the point, Meelix,” Oraden scoffed.
“I don’t want to be rude,” Meelix whispered before turning back to the flower. “Ignore him. He’s always so impatient. I’ve never known a unicorn like him,” he cleared his throat again. “By the way, I’m Meelix. What’s your name? Marigold? Oh, that’s a lovely name!”
“Fairies, Meelix!” Oraden neighed, “I'll do it!” 
“I was getting to it!”
“Your turn is over, Meelix. Unbelievable.” Oraden turned and kicked a nearby tree. “Nayani! Nayani! We need you!”
“Could you show a little respect, or courtesy? We’re asking for a favor, for goodness sake!”
“I think I like Oraden’s way better,” Tahir pounded on the ground. “Nayani! We need you!”
Meelix watched them for a moment. “Try using your horn, Oraden. Make it glow or something.”
Oraden poked at the ground, flowers and trees. His horn glowed, changing colors every few seconds as they all called for Nayani.
“Stop, stop!” Gavin had had enough of their foolishness. “This is not working, and I think you two may have gone mad. Instead of screaming like banshees, how about we split up like Meelix said? Tahir and Oraden will go with me to get Declan. Meelix and Smokey will go back to Elysi to find Demetrius and Alexander.”
“What?” Meelix was aghast. 
“Meelix, listen. You are small enough to ride Smokey. He can fly, so you’ll get to the sea fairly quickly. Once there, all you have to do is go to that island where the dragons live. They will take you to Elysi. They know the way.”
“Meelix could be back in Elysi by tomorrow night,” Tahir said.
“There are only a few problems with your idea,” Meelix said. “I don’t remember where the dragon island is, or the way to the sea.”
“I will give him explicit directions. He is to get you to the small island and then immediately return to his home where Declan will be waiting for him.”
“You make it sound so simple, “Oraden added. “But you haven’t been with that dragon all day. He is unstable. There is no telling if he would actually do as he is told. He could carry Meelix off to who knows where. We may never see either of them again.”
“I suppose that is something to consider,” Tahir scratched his head. “Let me think.”
“What if we get Declan first and have him tell Smokey what to do. He’ll listen and obey Declan, won’t he?” Gavin asked.
“Talking to Declan is twice as hard as talking to Smokey. I could never get him to agree to send his dragon off across the sea, or anything else for that matter,” Tahir explained.
“Maybe we should all just stick together. We all go get Declan. Then, together we all go back to Elysi,” Meelix suggested. He did not like the idea of being separated and possibly lost from his friends forever.
“That would take a lot more time. We don’t know how much time we have before this evil is released. If Gavin and I stay here we could work on getting information from the other magicians to figure out a way to stop it if we can.”
“I have an idea,” came a familiar voice. They were so involved in their conversation that no one heard Destiny approach.
“I thought I made it clear you couldn’t come with us!” Gavin scolded.
“I didn’t come with you. I followed you. And it’s a good thing I did.” 
“What are you talking about?”
“I can get Smokey to do what you want him to do.”
“Destiny, go home. You have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Destiny approached the small group, mesmerized at the sight of a dragon. She held her head high and kept her back and shoulders straight to convey her inner strength.
“You have a problem and I have a solution. Wait, hear me out,” she held up her hand to silence any who might want to silence her.
“As I see it,” she continued, “you could tell Smokey that I will take him to Declan as soon as he gets Meelix to the island. I will lead him to the sea on my horse. He and Meelix can follow overhead. I will wait on the shore for his return and lead him to Declan.”
“Your father would have a fit if he were to find out you were…”
“Which is more important: saving the world or pleasing my father?”
“She has a good point,” Oraden offered. “I like her plan.”
“It makes me feel better knowing that someone would be leading Smokey,” Meelix agreed.
“Good fairies, this is getting more complicated by the minute,” Tahir said, exhausted by the turn of events.
“What do you think, Tahir?” Oraden asked. “Do you think you can talk Smokey into believing that Destiny will take him to Declan?”
“Are you sure you want to do this, My Lady?” Tahir searched her eyes.
“We are running out of time and we are out of options,” she moved closer so only Tahir could hear. “You know very well how I feel about my father shielding me from the world. You know why I need to do this; I should not have to defend my actions to you.”
“I know, I know,” Tahir whispered. “But this is much different than a swim in a lake, or a ride through the woods. I’m not sure that you are ready for this. And your father does NOT want you involved. Please. You should go home.”
“I am not a child, Tahir! I am more of an adult than you. Most importantly, I am the daughter of the King, which gives me authority over all but my father, and ‘all’ includes you! You do MY bidding, not the other way around. And as for my father’s position on magic, does it not strike you as curious that I can speak with Oraden and Meelix?”
Tahir paused to think over the last few months; they’ve been spending more and more time together. How could he have not noticed? Somewhere along the way she began to understand Oraden and Meelix. Destiny has magic! Their magic must have awaken something inside of her just like their magic did in him. Destiny watched Tahir’s face turn from understanding, followed by surprise.
“Yes. Now do you see? Whether my father likes it or not, I AM involved in this.”
Tahir nodded in agreement then turned to speak to his friends. “Well, unless someone has a better plan, I think we should try it.”
“But how will we even know for sure that Smokey takes Meelix to the island?” Oraden asked.
“Suppose Meelix…”
“Excuse me,” Destiny interrupted, “why not just ask Smokey if he will agree to the plan?”
They were silenced by the simplicity of her suggestion. Tahir shrugged and walked to the dragon.
“Smokey, we will take you to Declan, but first I need you to do me a favor. Would you do a favor for us?”
“What favour?”
“You see my little friend over there?” he pointed to Meelix. “He needs to go quickly to a small island in the sea to meet another dragon.”
“Another dragon? Like me? There are other dragons?” Smokey asked in disbelief.
“Yes, there are many dragons. Would you take him to this island?”
“I would meet a dragon? Another dragon? In the sea?”
“Yes, another dragon in the sea. My friend Destiny will lead you to the sea. Then you will fly Meelix to the island, understand?”
“We will meet other dragons on the island?”
“Smokey, do you want to meet other dragons?” Tahir asked.
“You said I’m a dragon. Now you say there are others. I’ve never seen another me! I would like to meet another dragon.” 
“So, you will take Meelix there?” 
“I will, but I’ve never been to the sea. Once I get there, how will I find my way to the island?”
“That’s the easy part,” Oraden chimed in. “Once you get to the sea, fly low. There are many water creatures who know where the island is. You might even meet some dragons before you get to the island. Meelix, if you see any mers, don’t hesitate to ask them.” 
“Smokey,” Tahir stepped closer to the dragon and squatted to come face to face with him. “It is very important that Meelix gets to Elysi. The dragons are the only ones that can get him there. Do you understand? You have a very important job. It’s up to you to get Meelix to that island so he can find the wizards who can help Declan stop the evil. Take good care of him and don’t let anything happen to him. Can you do that?”
“Without a doubt. I will get Meelix to the island of dragons. You need not worry about him. He is in safekeeping with me.”
“Meelix, how do you feel about this plan?” Gavin asked.
Meelix hesitated to reflect on the situation. “I… yes, I guess I trust Smokey,” Meelix answered. “We’ve learned a lot about each other while we waited for Tahir to return. We’ll be fine. I’ll get to Elysi, find Demetrius and Alexander, and be back before you know it.”
Gavin nodded then pulled a long rope from his pack and fashioned it around Smokey’s neck so Meelix would have something to hold on to. Meelix scrambled up the dragon’s knee and hoisted himself onto his back. He was surprised at how comfortably he fit between the rows of spikes.
After a few last instructions and words of encouragement, Destiny gave Windsong a swift kick and galloped into the woods. Smokey leapt into the air with Meelix hanging on tightly. He extended his featherless wings and glided southwest, following Destiny. Tahir, Oraden and Gavin watched their little friend being carried away on the dragon’s back.
Gavin turned and patted Tahir on the shoulder.
“Don’t you worry about him. He’s going to be fine. You’ll see. I have a good feeling about that dragon.”
“I know. I have the same feeling. It just seems funny to have come so far, only to send him back home so soon.”
Side by side, Tahir on Oraden and Gavin on Bounty, they headed toward the village to free Declan.
“Did you notice anything different about Smokey?” Oraden asked Tahir.
“Like what?”
“Like what, what?” Gavin asked.
“Nothing, I was talking to Oraden.”
Gavin could not get used to the idea of Tahir and Oraden conversing. It was like watching someone talk to an imaginary friend. Actually, he thought it was quite rude.
“Like, maybe his speech,” Oraden replied.
“Now that you mention it, he didn’t seem quite as, I don’t know, as confused as before.”
“He told a very interesting story while you were gone. He said that those magicians found him when he was still in the egg. They carried the egg home and kept it until he hatched. They raised him since before birth! The three magicians are the only ones he’s ever had contact with. And they are loners. They have a house in a swampy area that no one ever visits and they seldom leave. Though he’s seen humans, birds and animals and such, he’s had no association with them. We are the first outsiders Smokey has ever spoken to.”
“That’s terrible. Why would they keep him locked up in a swamp like that?”
“I don’t think that he was locked up, Tahir. I think he stayed because that’s all he knew. He has no idea who his parents are or why they abandoned him. Just imagine. He’s never seen another dragon before; he knew he was different from the magicians, but he didn’t even know he was a dragon.”
“That explains his excitement when I mentioned the island of the dragons.”
“He seemed very eager to meet them. The other thing is, the more Meelix and I talked with him, the better his communication skills became. I don’t think he is as simple as I originally thought. I think he only speaks that way because the magicians do.”
“Oraden, you have no idea how difficult it is to have a conversation with Declan. I hate to even think about trying to talk to all three of them.”
“What if Smokey doesn’t come back?” Oraden asked.
“What do you mean?”
“What if he decides to stay there with his own kind?”
“That’s fine. As long as he gets Meelix there. He’d probably be better off anyway. A life secluded with three dim-witted magicians can’t be good for anybody.”
Chapter Twenty-Two
I L T R E P I D O R E
Meelix felt an exhilaration like none he had ever experienced. Holding on to the makeshift harness, with his legs hugging Smokey’s muscular neck, Meelix was flying. The sun shone brightly and the wind ripped through his hair and clothes. Soaring just slightly above the trees, Meelix could occasionally see Destiny racing through the woods on Windsong. From his bird’s-eye view, he noticed how gracefully they maneuvered through the trees and brush, and how Destiny appeared to be one with the horse. He wondered if he looked as graceful riding the dragon as she did riding Windsong.
Smokey and Meelix landed on the shore ahead of Destiny. She reminded Smokey of the plan and the importance of this quest, but he was hardly paying attention. He stared wide-eyed at the immense body of water. As far as his acute eyes could see, there were only crashing waves.
“This is the Great Sea?” Smokey was shocked. “You expect me to fly across this?” 
“That’s how we got here,” Meelix offered. “We crossed this very sea on the back of another dragon. He was bigger, but that’s what we did.”
“If one dragon can do it, this dragon can too.” 
After a short rest, Meelix and Smokey took flight once again. Meelix looked back to see Destiny standing at the shore waving, and becoming smaller and smaller. Ahead there was only water.
Smokey felt as if he were flying into the end of the world. If not for his new friend and passenger, he would not have believed there was land out there. Once he’d gotten a look at the endlessness of it, the humans alone could not have convinced him. Sending the small one was very smart; without Meelix, Smokey might have turned back and abandoned his quest. Still, it made him nervous to know there was nowhere to land if he became tired or hungry.
Flying low, he could smell the salty water and feel an occasional mist. This added to his apprehension. For a while he didn’t see any life whatsoever in the water. But then, in the near distance, a spray shot straight up from the sea as if it defied gravity.
“Meelix, did you see that? What was it?”
“It was a whale. They are really big fish.”
“Should we try to ask it where the island is?”
“Let’s see if we can find some mers or dolphins, or maybe even some other dragons.”
“Alright. Keep you eyes open and let me know as soon as you see any.”
Smokey hoped they would soon spot the island, or a creature that would lead them to it. As far as he could tell, he was on a steady south, south-west course; but he lacked the confidence of an experienced traveler. What if he faltered? What if he was drifting slightly in either direction? Where would that lead them? He also didn’t know how long or how far he could fly without rest. Already he had flown farther and longer than he ever had before. At the moment he felt fine, but how long would that last? He wasn’t concerned only for himself; he had Meelix to worry about. He promised to take good care of him and get him to the island. But what if he failed? The simple task of flying over the sea was turning out to be the most stressful ordeal of his life. It not only tested his physical stamina, but challenged his courage, his mental endurance, and his loyalty and integrity. Smokey set aside his doubts and fears and pressed on. If there is an island populated by dragons out there, he would find it.
It’s been quite some time since they last seen the whale’s spray. Cradled by wind, sea and sky, Meelix swayed with the rhythm of Smokey’s wings. The whoosh of wind was like a lullaby. He resisted the urge to lay his head on Smokey’s neck and take a quick nap. If only there was something to hold his attention, to break the monotony of water and—“Look, Smokey! Dolphins!”
“I see them, what should I do?”
“Get closer!” Meelix shouted. “They should be able to tell us where the island is!”
Smokey altered his direction and descended. There were at least twelve of them jumping in and out of the water. When they noticed Smokey overhead, they grouped together and began making what Meelix thought of as calling noises.
“Are they saying something?” Meelix asked Smokey.
“I think they’re saying hello,” Smokey answered as he hovered above them.
“Ask them if they will take us to the island of dragons.”
“Will they understand me?”
“Of course. You’re a dragon. You can speak to anyone because you’re magic. Just talk like normal.”
“Okay, I’ll try it,” Smokey slowed and cleared his throat. “Um, excuse me, dolphins. Can you help us get to the dragon island?”
The dolphins made a series of squeaky giggling noises then quickly swam away.
“Oh! They know the way! Come along, Meelix!” Smokey shouted, as he swooped after the dolphins. They darted through the water and often leapt into the air, sometimes flipping and spinning as they did. Some jumped almost as high as Smokey flew, making their squeaky giggling noises and showering them with water.
Smokey was so relieved to have an escort. No matter how much farther it was, he could—no, he would make it. Meelix also felt a renewed energy. He was wide awake and captivated by the natural grace of the dolphins riding the waves below. Just as he was thinking how much fun it would be to ride a dolphin, Smokey darted underneath one as it leapt through the air. Soon they made a game of weaving over and under each other as they traveled.
Smokey was so proud of himself when he finally landed on the island of the dragons. He accomplished so much this day. Being away from the control of the magicians made him realize how stifled he was with them. He never thought to explore the world or his full potential. Now he was free.
They were greeted by several dragons as well as a living tree. 
“I trust the dolphins were able to guide you safely?” the dryad asked. 
“Yes,” Meelix answered. “How did you know?”
“You need to return to Elysi, do you not? Nayani is waiting.”
“Oh! Excellent! She heard us after all?”
“Of course. The trees are always listening. I am guardian of this island and cannot leave, but Lyriel,” the dryad stretched his long, branched hand toward one of the awaiting dragons, has agreed to carry you the rest of the way.”
Meelix turned to see Smokey huddled up with several of the dragons, bombarding them with questions about the island and its inhabitants. The dragons answered as best they could, but were soon overwhelmed.
“You should speak with Darios the Black, one of the elders and our teacher. He is best suited and would be more than happy to provide answers,” one of the dragons explained.
Smokey’s excitement leapt at the word teacher. What he learned just within the past day triggered an awakening to the fact that he knew very little about who and what he was. He realized that he knew nothing of any other animals, humans, or dragons, or of the world, for that matter. His knowledge and experiences were confined to a peat bog and the lamented area surrounding it. Even more incredible was the fact that he’d never questioned this existence, never felt curious about what lay beyond the boundaries of his home. He was content to live in ignorance as an obedient pet of three confused magicians. Now, here he stood, on an island that he flew across the sea to reach, in the company of others of his kind. Here he could learn all that he’d been deprived of his entire life. 
Meelix understood what an opportunity this was for Smokey. In their short time together they forged a strong friendship. He didn’t want to lose his new friend, but he didn’t want to dissuade Smokey from staying where he could learn about his life, either. Still, his charge was to get to Rhykell to find Demetrius and Alexander. He would have to go on without him.
“Go ahead Smokey. You should stay and talk to Darios. I can get to Rhykell from here.”
“Oh, I forgot that’s why we’re here,” Smokey said, remembering his promise to Tahir.
“No, no. It’s alright. You have fulfilled your promise. Tahir asked you to get me as far as this island. You are not obligated to accompany me any farther. Do as you please; stay here as long as you want. You know the way home if you ever decide to go back.” 
“That’s right. He said to take you safely to the island in the sea.” Smokey hesitated. “But I wanted to complete the adventure with you.”
“You will have an adventure on your own, right here. If it wasn’t so important to get to Demetrius and Alexander, I would stay with you. But I must go on; so much depends on me.”
“Will you come here on your way back?”
“There is such urgency to this mission that I don’t know if there will be time. If it is at all possible, I will pay you a visit before returning to England, but I cannot promise you.”
Smokey thought about his options. He could stay behind to learn from the dragons and maybe risk losing his new friend; or he could continue on with Meelix and risk losing this opportunity to know his own kind. Of course, just like Meelix said, he could always return to England later.
“I will stay here. Come back for me if you can Meelix, and I   will return to England with you. I feel so much a part of this adventure…I do want to see it through. Yet I am compelled to take advantage of this opportunity. Perhaps what I learn here will make me more useful as we continue the adventure.”
“That makes perfect sense. You owe it to yourself to learn the history and ways of the dragons. And what better place?” Meelix dreaded saying goodbye to his newly-found friend but it was time. “I guess I should be on my way,” Meelix said, and looked up at Lyriel.
The dragon turned to Smokey again. “If you want to talk to Darios, you will find him on the plateau of the highest mountain in the center of the main island. He and the other elders are most often there.”
The highest mountain in the center of the island was half hidden in a halo of clouds. Smokey flew directly toward the mist. Below him lie a lush jungle and a sparkling pool at the bottom of a ravine. Dragons of all shapes, sizes and colors flew, splashed, frolicked and sunbathed. He never could have imagined that a place so beautiful existed. But at the same time, it seemed so familiar; like a home he hadn’t known he missed.
He flew higher and higher into the mist until he saw the plateau on the south side of the mountain. Several dragons stood overlooking the ravine. Their stature alone commanded respect, their power evident in the way they moved: deliberate, confident, strong and knowing. He could see the wisdom and age in their eyes as they watched him land. Their scales were weathered, battle scars covered their bodies, and yet they seemed surprisingly full of vigor and energy, as though still in their prime.
“Hello, Young One,” one of the majestic giants said, approaching the nervous Smokey. “What is it you seek?”
“H-hello,” Smokey replied. He stared at the intimidating dragons. He knew he was a dragon, and these were his people, but still…
“Well? Speak. Are we to know what it is you are thinking?” the dragon with one eye and three missing claws hissed. Smokey avoided eye contact with the annoyed dragon.
“I, I was told I should speak with Darios,” he stammered. The dragon turned his long head toward the back of the group where another giant moved forward with a deliberate gait.
“You seek Darios? I am he,” the dragon thundered proudly. “What matter do you wish to speak of?”
“I, um…”
“Stand up straight! And hold your head up when you speak,” Darios roared.
“Sorry…” Smokey quickly straightened himself.
“Do not apologize. And do not behave as frightened prey. Collect yourself and make your demands.”
“I want to learn about dragons, please,” Smokey said loudly, standing as straight as he could with his head held high.
“Better.” Darios snorted, looking over the trembling dragon before him. “What about ‘dragons’ do you wish to know?”
“Everything. I didn’t know what a dragon was until yesterday.”
“You know nothing of the Dracara?” Darios was taken aback.
“Dracara?”
The elders exchanged perplexed glances. Who was this youngster who knew nothing of his heritage or his people?
“Dragon is the name the humans give us; Dracara is the name we give ourselves. You have much to learn, Small One.” Darios stretched his mighty wings with a low grunt. “Come with me, then.”
He led Smokey away from the others and along an incline leading to a ledge above the ravine. Darios was large, with black scales and row upon row of claws and horns on his square face, chin, back and tail. His body was long and slender, while his legs were stocky and muscular. Smokey was practically forced to run to keep up with Darios’ long strides.
“What is your name, Small One?”
“Smokey.”
“Smokey?” Darios snorted, stopping short in his tracks with an expression of disgust. “Smokey is not a name for Dracara and a female Dracara at that. What is your real name?”
“That’s the only name I have…wait…female?” 
“Yes.” Darios stared with disbelief.
“But…the magicians always call me a good boy.”
Darios shook his head and then continued walking.
“Well, Smokey,” he began, “long ago, before humans began destroying this planet, the Dracara ruled the earth, the skies and the waters. We were powerful wizards, ferocious hunters and wise leaders. We taught in some of the most prestigious schools in the world; over time the humans began learning from us, as did other creatures. There was one creature of particular interest, unlike any other on the planet. As the legends say, he was a greedy, powerful and hateful creature. He started many wars and used a new dark magic unlike any other the world has seen. It seemed as though his power had no limits, nor did his evil. Fortunately, he was defeated by another powerful and equally unique being. But he was only trapped, not destroyed, and he had followers. They were powerful as well, but did not surface until many years after their dark master’s defeat. They posed almost as big a threat as he.
“Now, Dracara do not multiply as humans and most other animals do, so although our numbers were few in comparison, we were powerful and, collectively—with some aid from the humans—we were able to defeat his followers and lock them away. But at a price: The magic of the Dracara has been the only force holding them in their prison for thousands of years. Because of this, much of our power has been depleted. We used to be the most powerful wizards, but we sacrificed it all to protect the world from this absolute evil. Across the ages, humans forgot our sacrifice. They became more powerful and more abundant, overpopulating the lands. They began to hunt us, shun us, or fear us.
“Now, all is not as bad as it seems. There are a few powerful and wise wizards who have not forgotten. We work together for the better of the planet and to promote good magic. Some Dracara, typically wyverns, are hardly better than crocodiles, and cause us shame by terrorizing the humans and giving them reasons to fear and hate us. But mostly, we keep to ourselves on this island and islands like it.”
“There are other islands like this one?”
“Yes, many. This island is but one in a string of islands we call Iltrepidore. There are others throughout the world; you will learn where they are later.”
“So, we Dracara’s don’t have magic anymore?”
“Dracari is the word for many, Small One. We may no longer be able to cast powerful spells, take other forms, or manipulate minds, but we are still magic. A few Dracari can still perform some magic, but they are very old. Their parents fought in the Great Battle.”
“When was this battle?”
“Oh, thousands of years ago.”
“Thousands?”
“At least.”
“How are they still alive?”
“As I mentioned before, Dracara do not populate like most creatures, but our magic gives us what humans consider ‘unnatural’ life spans. We typically live until we are killed, either by humans, in accidents, or, on occasion, in a fight with another Dracara.
“That is incredible. Guess I am a baby, still, right?’
“That is true,” Darios agreed with a chuckle.
“So how are we still magic?”
“This concept is often difficult to grasp. You see, magic flows through everyone and everything, though some have more than others. With some creatures, magic was introduced into their bloodlines, creating powerful wizards and magical beings. As a result of these lengthy battles, the Dracara have lost much of our magic. Many human communities abolished the practice of magic, destroyed schools and banned it outright, deeming it too dangerous. Magic has been all but forgotten by many creatures, and the bloodline weakened in others. This is why there are varying amounts of magic in creatures and humans. This is also why, even though you may not have magic, the essence of magic still flows in you—which may or may not give you special strengths or abilities. Do you understand?”
“I think I do.”
“Good.” Darios smiled down at Smokey, and then turned to the view from the ledge they had reached. “Look, Small One. From here you can see many of the Islands of Iltrepidore and beyond. We Dracara are a strong, powerful and proud race. If you ever find yourself forgetting that, remember this air, remember this view, remember this feeling of standing on the highest peak and looking over your land, your water, your sky. This is how the earth once looked, when we were its rulers. Do not forget this.”
The two Dracari stood in silence. Smokey was exhilarated and proud to be standing next to such a wise and powerful dragon on the dragon island. No. On her island: on Iltrepidore.
Darios wanted to give his young pupil a few moments to take in all that he told her, before continuing. He did not know where this small one had come from, or how she had been lost for so long, but she was changing right before Darios’ eyes. In the mere time they spent speaking together, she was standing straighter and speaking with confidence. Darios noticed her trying to mimic the majestic stride and mannerisms that he himself learned from his father centuries ago. This young stranger indeed impressed him, but she still had much to learn.
“Come, Small One. I want to show you some things.” Darios took flight and Smokey followed eagerly. They soared above the trees but below the mist. Darios pointed out all the areas of interest and described the different types of Dracara, occasionally landing to make introductions and speak with some of the inhabitants. Eventually, Darios asked the obvious questions about Smokey’s past.
Smokey told her story, admitting she was ashamed it took her so long to find her way.
“There is one more thing I would like to show you,” Darios said as they continued their tour of the island and headed out to the sea.
“There are many types of Dracara, as I mentioned before: land, sea and sky. You have met the pixies, the giant lizards, or Terracara as we call them, both the feathered and scaled d'Aviasae, and myself: the Great Horned Dracara. There is also the Dracara d'Osceana: Sea Serpents, or Leviathan as humans call them. They are usually the largest of all Dracara. However, there are many types of Leviathan, just as there are many different types of the other Dracara. Some are small with short legs and live in rivers and lakes. The humans call them ‘crocodiles.’ They have all but forgotten their past, and live exclusively to hunt and bask. Others are massive, far larger than I, with smooth scales and hardly any claws. Instead of feet, they have flippers and are wingless. They are confined to the sea, and are rarely seen by humans. I do not believe they have a name for them, but we call them Orcara.”
“There are also Leviathans that look more like me.” Darios continued gliding over the waters’ surface. “They have more narrow bodies though, and webbed feet. They are equally comfortable in air, sea or on land. Their size depends more on their environment and age; Dracara typically grow their entire lives, you know.”
Smokey looked down at her feet. They were webbed. She could see she had fins on either side of her head in her reflection below. She’d seen them before in reflections in pools at home, but had no idea of their purpose. Now she was curious.
“Am I Leviathan, Darios?” she asked.
“You are,” Darios answered with a knowing smile.
“So I can swim too?”
“More than just swim, Small One, you are able to breathe the water as though it were air.”
Smokey spun in the air with excitement. 
“Go ahead, give it a try,” Darios encouraged.
The two hovered above the surface. Smokey was a little afraid. She was familiar in the rivers at home, and she actually enjoyed splashing about, but she never tried to dive beneath the water, let alone breathe it. She was also concerned about what creatures lay hidden beneath these deep waters.
“Smokey!” Darios thundered, looking sternly at her. “You are d'Osceana Atara: Master of land, sea and air. The Dracara are proud and powerful. We do not succumb to fear,” he sighed and his expression changed to one of gentle understanding. “It will be as natural to you as breathing air. This, I promise.”
Smokey took a deep breath, let go of her inhibitions and dove into the water. She used her wings as she did in air to propel herself deeper. With her eyes tightly closed, she held her breath while she descended deeper into the void.
I am Atara, master of land, sea and air, she repeated over and over in her mind. Finally she exhaled and took in a deep breath of ocean water. Remarkably, she could breathe. The water bypassed her lungs and exited through the gills on the sides of her head. She giggled to herself as she swam deeper to explore her new surroundings and abilities. Smokey felt reborn. She noticed fish of various sizes, shapes and colors. Some were curious and others fled. Rather than try to make contact, she simply observed them, as well as the other sea creatures that swam, hunted, frolicked or simply existed. She wanted to stay longer, but Darios’ roar beckoned her to return. With a splash, Smokey burst from the water and flew straight into the air.
“Well?” Darios asked as Smokey approached, spraying water with each flap of her wings.
“I am master of land, sea and air!” Smokey smiled ecstatically.
“Well done. Let us return to the island.”
Darios led Smokey to a beautiful grotto located on the south side of the island. There she was met by many Dracara, mers and dolphins. Darios perched himself on a high ledge over looking the large pool that fed into the ocean waters. He looked majestic.
“Smokey, you have learned who you are. You are no longer man’s pet. That is not to say that you cannot befriend man, but you are superior to humans. Dracara are the most evolved creatures on Earth. Think for yourself. Decide your own destiny. Live where you want to live and go where you want to go. Do you understand?”
“Yes, I think so. But how do I know what my destiny is? How shall I begin to figure out what I am supposed to do? I know so little.”
“You must first forget your old ways of thinking. You will no longer be called Smokey. You are Dracara, inferior to nothing. Magic flows strongly through you. From hence forth, you will be ‘Ellic.’ In Dracarae, it means something important that was once lost, but is now found. Abandon the pet name Smokey.”
“Ellic.” the young Dracara repeated softly. “I like it. It sounds important. But a name doesn’t determine who you are, does it?”
“You are right. It does not determine who you are, but it can define what you are. Smokey is a name given to you by humans who took advantage of your innocence and kept you ignorant and isolated from your origin and family in order to create an obedient slave, capable of doing their bidding and nothing more. That is not what you are. Ellic is a Dracarae name, bestowed upon you by a most respected and wise elder of your own kind. It defines what you are, not what you are to become. You now have an origin. Even though you do not know your parents, you come from a long line of proud, powerful and intelligent species. Decide what to do with your life now that you know who you are. Dracara d’Osceana Atara: Master of land, sea and air.”
“I am proud to take the name Ellic. Thank you, Darios.”
Darios smiled proudly at Ellic. He saw great things in this young Dracara.
“Darios, I came to Iltrepidore as part of a mission. I was asked to bring a small gnome here to meet another dragon, er, Dracara, that would take him to a place called Elysi. We have become friends. Should I continue the journey with him?”
“As I have said, you make your own choices. You are free to have friends that are not Dracara. What is the purpose of this gnome in Elysi?”
“He is to deliver an important message to someone named Demitriusenalesander. I do not know if he is a human or not.”
“Hmm. Do you know what the message is?”
“No, it has something to do with a great evil being released and saving the world.”
“So it has begun. Ellic, exactly who sent you on this mission?”
Ellic told Darios everything that happened leading up to her journey to Iltrepidore. She explained that though she didn’t know their names, the small group that found her and the magicians that raised her seemed determined to stop the evil from being released.
“I must speak with Demetrius and Alexander myself.”
“Meelix didn’t say he was bringing them here. He only said that he would try to return after delivering the message.”
“Good, the two wizards will be accompanying him.”
“Wizards?”
“Ellic, I believe your destiny has been chosen for you.”
Chapter Twenty-Three
D E L I V E R Y
Lyriel flew a straight and steady course through heavy winds and rain. Meelix was thankful Smokey didn’t have to fly through this weather. Lyriel was far larger and more capable of maneuvering through the storm, plus she knew exactly where she was going. They arrived safely, but soaking wet. Meelix felt a little disoriented when his feet first landed on the ground, but that passed quickly as the sprites and gnomes greeted him with hugs, laughter and questions.
Although Meelix was very pleased to be home with his friends and family, this was not a social visit. To avoid repeating the story over and over, he refused to speak of his mission until Demetrius and Alexander arrived. Sudlin sent word—via the pixie dragons—asking the wizards, as well as Ramah and Diamond, to come immediately. Meelix relaxed and listened to tales of sprite adventures. The gnomes even left work undone to greet Meelix and gather in anticipation of the remarkable stories they would hear.
Within the hour, Oraden’s parents arrived. They were followed, shortly thereafter, by Demetrius, Kraven and Alexander, in his familiar human form. The rain, which had been pouring relentlessly, suddenly ceased. The three wizards insisted on a welcoming feast for Meelix; together, with a wave of arms and muttering of words, they created an elaborate bounty for sprite, gnome, man, unicorn and dragon. Demetrius apologized for the meager display on such short notice. But the sprites and gnomes were awestruck. They’d never had the pleasure of attending one of Demetrius’ dinners, so this impromptu banquet was the most amazing thing they’d ever seen. 
Once everyone was seated, or standing—as was the case for the unicorns, Demetrius encouraged Meelix to begin his story. First, he thanked the wizards for the wonderful feast and expressed how much he missed his friends and family. To their relief, he reported that Oraden and Tahir were well. He told them all that had transpired from the time they arrived in England until his departure on Smokey.
Occasionally he had to deviate from his story to answer a question or two, but he was intent on including every detail so that Demetrius and Alexander would fully understand the warrant of his return to Rhykell.
“What are these magicians’ names?” Alexander asked.
“I only know one of their names; it is Declan. I don’t remember Smokey mentioning the others.”
“Indeed.” Alexander scratched his scruffy throat.
“I wonder if they are, in fact, the catalysts,” Demetrius pondered.
“Catalysts of what?” Meelix asked.
“I suppose it couldn’t hurt for us to pay them a visit,” Demetrius answered, ignoring Meelix’s question.
“You cannot possibly take them seriously. Do you?” Kraven asked Demetrius.
“It is earlier than expected, but how is it these magicians even know of it?”
“Excuse me,” Ramah cleared his throat. “Are you saying that there really is some evil that will be released from a prison to wreck havoc upon the world?”
“Actually, Ramah, it’s even worse than that. But we have known about it for a very long time and we are taking care of it. Don’t worry. Oraden and Tahir are not in any danger,” Demetrius explained.
“How can you be so sure? Oraden and Tahir could be fighting for their lives as we speak!” Diamond exclaimed.
“Hmmm. Good point. Let’s just have a look at them.” Alexander extended his left index finger and drew a counterclockwise circle several times as he spoke the paternoster used to invoke this spell in a language only recognizable to the other wizards. He ended the incantation with a final point in the center of the circle.
Those sitting on the opposite side of the table saw nothing, but anyone facing the circle as drawn, saw it ripple. Within its circumference, the world raced. They saw trees, rivers, mountains, lakes and hills, all rushing toward them. It was the world as one might see it through the eyes of the fastest griffin flying 100 times faster than it ever could. Demetrius, sitting to Alexander’s left, leaned over and squinted into the circle. As he did so, Diamond also leaned in a little to take a peek. She felt dizzy watching the scenery rush toward her. A moment later, it abruptly stopped.
“Ah, there they are. Look for yourself; I told you they were safe.”
“Good fairies, Ramah! Look! It’s Oraden and Tahir!”
Kraven, who sat opposite Alexander, remained seated while Ramah and Lyriel quickly moved behind Alexander and Diamond to peer over their shoulders. First Meelix, and then the other gnomes and sprites, abandoned their small tables and ran across the large table top to see inside the viewing circle. They waved and yelled out their names. Sure enough, there was Tahir, Oraden, Gavin and Destiny. They appeared to be engaged in a very serious conversation while having a picnic.
Is this real? I mean, is it really them, or is it a reflection of them, or something?” Diamond asked.
“It is really them, right now, at this very moment,” Demetrius answered.
“Why can’t we hear them?”
“This magic only allows us to locate individuals. We cannot hear them; they cannot see or hear us. However, those strong with the gift will realize that they are being watched,” Demetrius explained. “So you see, Diamond, your boys are safe.”
“Where are they now?” Ramah asked.
“Let’s see.” Alexander looked into the circle again. “There are no distinguishable landmarks, but I would guess somewhere in the royal forest.” 
“They look alright, don’t they, Ramah? I miss them so much,” Diamond sighed.
Alexander retraced the circle in a clockwise direction. The vision disappeared, but not before Alexander noticed Destiny looking about suspiciously. For an instant, she appeared to stare directly into the circle; he felt as though she may even have made eye contact before she and the others vanished. 
“Now, back to business. I think we were discussing visiting three unusual and unlikely magicians,” Demetrius said.
“Exactly what do you hope to discover from them? They can’t possibly know anything that we don’t already know, and they would no doubt be of little to no help to us in what we hope to accomplish. It is a waste of time. We should send Meelix back with the message that they are of no consequence and not worth the waste of any more time.”
“Oh, come now, Kraven. When you get to be my age, you will find that you have nothing but time to waste. Besides, you never know who will be of help, nor who you will meet and what you will learn on your way. You are probably right, they are likely of little consequence, but I am curious as to where they are getting their information. That, my friend, may very well be of great consequence. And the fact that this comes decades prematurely—that alone is of great concern. If these magicians are right, it would confirm our suspicions. And, trust me; we can’t afford to be caught unprepared.”
“I myself, am anxious to visit England again. Alexander added. How long has it been, Demetrius?”
“Oh, I’d say at least seven or eight years. Prince Francis was just becoming a man, Grace nearly a woman, and Destiny still but a child. Did you notice how she has grown?”
“That among other things. Which also means Robert is getting on in years. If we don’t go now, we may never get around to visiting before it’s too late.” 
“Too late? Too late for what?” Ramah asked, still concerned about the evil on the verge of being released.
“Oh, he’s just a good friend who is aging. We should take this opportunity to visit him because, well, most are not gifted with long life as we are.”
“Demetrius, I told Smokey that I would try to stop by Iltrepidore and pick him up on the way back to England. He’s very interested in continuing the journey with me. We’ve become good friends,” Meelix said.
“Absolutely. I wouldn’t  consider leaving your trusty friend behind. We are indebted to him for bringing you here safely. I’ll tell you what. We will clean up our mess here, and then leave you to spend time with your friends and family while Alexander, Kraven and I take care of a few things. Tomorrow afternoon we shall return and begin our journey back to Iltrepidore.”
“Thank you, Demetrius.”
“Very well then, it has been a pleasure to dine with all, but there is much to be done. Kraven, Alexander, let us be on our way.”  He turned to Lyriel, “We are in your debt for safely escorting our friend back to us. I bid you a safe journey home, my friend, and may our paths cross again one day.”
The three wizards collectively used magic to clear away the remaining food, dishes, tables and chairs. When they left, so did the invisible barrier that shielded them from the rain. The soggy sky collapsed on the crowd, forcing everyone to retreat under the canopy of trees. 
Chapter Twenty-Four
T H E   T W E L V E
Meelix waved a final goodbye to his friends as he walked away from Rhykell, this time accompanied by Demetrius, Kraven and Alexander. He didn’t question how they were going to travel the distance without the help of dragons; he was in the company of three wizards. They had traveled the world over, time and time again, surely they had a plan. He followed them into the woods that separated Rhykell from the meadow. When they reached the riverbank, Demetrius stopped.
“This looks like a good spot,” he said. “Come Meelix, you might want to hold on to me while we tunnel travel.” He bent down and carefully scooped Meelix up in his right arm. With his left, he drew a circle that circumferentially extended from the ground to above their heads. He uttered the incantation while he repeatedly stooped and straightened up, raising his arm high as he retraced the circled. The large circle rippled. Once again, Meelix could see the terrain of the world rushing toward him within the circle. When it came to a stop, they were looking into the opening of a cave. 
“Where is this?” Meelix asked.
“Iltrepidore. Our first stop, right?”
“We’re looking for Smokey?”
“We’re going to Iltrepidore to get Smokey. Just hold on.”
Demetrius stepped into the circle with Meelix holding tightly to his clothing. Instantly, they were standing at the very cave within in the circle. It was a good thing Demetrius was holding him, because just as quickly as they traveled, Meelix became dizzy. He closed his eyes and tried to shake his head clear, but that only made it worse. When he opened his eyes again, he saw Kraven and Alexander standing beside them. He swallowed hard several times in an effort to keep from throwing up. The color drained from his face.
“How are you feeling, Meelix?” Demetrius asked. “Perhaps you should sit down until it passes.”
Demetrius carefully set Meelix on the grass. He felt weak. Even sitting, he rocked back and forth and side to side, unable to keep his head up. He desperately fought with his lunch to force it to stay in his belly. He vaguely heard the voices of his friends speaking to him, but he couldn’t make out their words. They sounded so far away. His head was swimming, his eyes wouldn’t focus and, worst of all, he threw up. Kraven walked away to wait it out.
After emptying the contents of his stomach, Meelix felt better. The dizziness passed and his vision and hearing began to return to normal. He sat on the grass, still feeling light-headed, and looked up into the wizards’ concerned faces.
“From now on, I think I’ll stick to flying.”
Demetrius smiled and Alexander chuckled at the little gnome.
As soon as Meelix was able to collect himself, the four began their search for Smokey. The cave entrance was near the summit of the Elders of Fire, so Demetrius knew it would not be long until they were spotted. Alexander took his wolf form and darted through the shrubbery and rocks ahead of the others with Meelix on his back. Demetrius strolled up the mountain, taking in the blurry silhouettes and smells of the island. He enjoyed nature, and observing the interaction between creatures and their habitat. Nowadays, he relied more on his memory of how things looked rather than what his eyes told him. Kraven, on the other hand, hated getting dirty or doing anything physical. He soon abandoned the climbing and used his magic to ascend the mountain, floating above the black, rocky terrain.
“I shall alert the Elders of your coming, Teacher,” he called down to Demetrius.
“Very well, Kraven.”
Meelix watched Kraven in amazement as he flew without wings up the mountain.
“Wow, Alexander! I have only been in your company for a few hours and I feel I am in a new world. There is so much that I don’t know, that I never even knew was possible. I can’t wait to see what else happens!”
“My small friend, by acknowledging your ignorance, you have attained true wisdom.”
Meelix smiled to himself, honored to receive a compliment from someone like Alexander. He must try extra hard not to disappoint him. 
As expected, Kraven was soon greeted by one of the elder Dracara. He explained his business on the island and inquired about the young Dracara who arrived the previous day. The Dracara left to find Darios and Ellic. Moments later, Darios descended the mountain with Ellic following behind.
“Smokey!” Meelix leapt down from Alexander’s back and ran to greet his friend. “Smokey, we came back for you!”
“Meelix, I learned who I am!” she shouted, temporarily forgetting about her new gait. Smokey jumped and danced around Meelix. “I’m a leviathan, see my fins…and webbed feet and oh, I have magic in my blood. Meelix there’s so much that I’ve learned!”
“Me too! See, these are the wizards I had to go find. They can do all sorts of magic! It’s amazing!” 
Darios watched his small pupil reunite with her friend while he waited for Demetrius to finish his climb.
“Demetrius, there have been many visitors to my island lately. Why do I sense this is your doing?”
“It is of my doing, my friend. You know as I do, the hour grows near. The catalyst has been set in motion.”
“It is years, decades even, too soon. Are you certain the time is at hand?”
“It would appear that dark magic is at work.”
“So the spell on the fox cub was successful? Is Xanderick aware of this?” Darios asked.
“Not to my knowledge; I’d like to wait until I have more information before contacting him.”
“Why wait? We should notify him immediately.”
“I do not have enough to tell. I’m not sure how much time we have, assuming the catalyst was tripped at the proper time; we should have at least a year.”
“Those magicians are already causing quite a bit of trouble, from what I understand. And if the spell has been tampered with, how do we know the catalyst has been tripped at the proper time?”
“They are still keeping their affairs relatively secret. They are, for the most part, still coherent; one of my chosen was able to communicate with them. I intend to return to England, where I will do some investigating, and then I will inform Xanderick of all I know.”
“Two days, Demetrius. If I do not hear word from you in two days’ time, I will speak to Xanderick myself. I would hate to think that your hesitation would result in disaster.” 
By now, Meelix and Smokey silenced their chatter to listen to the intense conversation. Meelix had no idea what was going on, but he sensed that his adventure was turning out to be more than he imagined. Kraven on the other hand was well aware of what was going on, but it was not his place to speak out during such important meetings. Alexander remained in his wolf form and as usual, allowed Demetrius to speak for them both.
“Very well, Darios. In two days you will know all that I know.”
“Agreed.” Darios turned and walked away, leaving Ellic feeling somewhat abandoned. 
“Meelix, do you feel you can tunnel travel again?” Alexander asked.
“Well…I will…if I must,” Meelix replied.
“I assure you it gets easier each time, but if you are not comfortable, we can fly back to England,”
“What is tunnel travel?” Ellic asked.
“Oh, it’s amazing! But it’s horrible, too,” Meelix tried to explain. “You can go anywhere, faster than a blink of the eye, but it makes you so dizzy and nauseous.”
“It will be much better this time Meelix, and it may not be so bad for Smokey. Dracara are not as negatively affected as most other creatures because of their strong ties to magic,” Demetrius explained as he drew the familiar circle in the air. When he finished, they were looking at the castle doors.
“Everyone ready? Meelix, hold on to me again.  Smokey, stay close.”
Meelix climbed up Demetrius’ cloak and into his arms. He held on tightly, closed his eyes, and buried his face in Demetrius’ chest. In the blink of an eye, they whooshed miles away as the portal closed behind them.
* * * * * 
Gavin and Tahir freed Declan by way of the King’s order and found the other two magicians. Despite King Robert’s decree, they were keeping them under watch until they received word from Demetrius. They took turns guarding them at a small camp outside of the royal forests. The magicians were far too much for any of them to tolerate for very long. It was currently Gavin’s turn, and although Tahir felt sorry for Gavin, this gave him and Destiny precious time alone.
“How long have you known you had magic, Destiny? And why didn’t you tell me sooner?” Tahir asked, as they strolled through the royal gardens as they often did.
“For as long as I can remember. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier, Tahir. You know how my father is. You grew up in a magical forest where everyone had at least a small bit of magic. You were encouraged to find your own and explore possibilities. I have been forbidden to even speak of magic; forced to live in secrecy; hiding who or what I truly am. Every time I tried to use my magic, bad things happened. I wanted to tell you, I just…couldn’t. It’s too…repulsive.”
“Repulsive? What could possibly be repulsive about magic? About you?”
“You don’t understand.”
“Make me understand.”
“I, I can’t. Not right now.” She suddenly remembered that she was angry with him. “Why do you care anyway? I thought I was a waste of time?” 
“Destiny,” Tahir began, but was interrupted by a flash of light. “What now?” he wondered as he searched the skies for the source.
“Demetrius and Alexander!” Destiny took off running toward the light.
“How do you know?” Tahir asked, but she was already far ahead. He shrugged and ran after her.
Sure enough: Demetrius, Alexander, Kraven, Meelix and Smokey stood by the castle doors. Smokey and Meelix both looked quite wobbly and confused.
“Demetrius! Alexander! How long it has been!” Destiny greeted them. “I wish it were on happier terms.”
“As do I, but it is good to see you nonetheless,” Demetrius said. He and Alexander took turns hugging her and commenting on how much she has grown.
“What was that light?” Tahir asked.
“Oh, it’s horrible,” Meelix answered, still holding tightly to Demetrius’ clothing. True to Alexander’s word, he was regrouping more quickly this time, though he was still light-headed. “It’s tunnel travel. Trust me; you want no part of it.”
After a few minutes of introductions and small talk, giving Meelix and Smokey time to compose themselves, the group decided to meet with Gavin and the magicians before meeting the King. 
“Thank goodness you are here. I feel I am going as mad as they are,” Gavin exclaimed when the others arrived.
The magicians ran toward Smokey, calling her name. In the excitement, she almost ran toward her adoptive parents, but quickly remembered that she was no longer their pet. When they reached her, Declan picked Smokey up while the others petted her. 
“No! I’m not Smokey!” she said as she tried to escape Declan’s grasp. “Let me go, Declan!”
The magicians ignored her pleas.
“Put me down! I’m not Smokey!” she said, struggling for her freedom.
“Oh, Smokey, we missed you.”
“Good boy, Smokey!”
“Where’s nexus?”
“Yes, what happened?”
“Bad Smokey! You didn’t find nexus, or Declan!”
“What’s the matter, Smokey?”
“QUIET!” Ellic broke free of their grasp and flew out of their reach. She landed by Meelix and held her head high. “Do not call me Smokey! I am Ellic: Dracara d’Osceana Atara. Furthermore, I am no longer your pet…nor am I a boy!”
Tahir was shocked. He, Meelix, Oraden, Destiny and Gavin all pondered how one could distinguish a female dragon from a male. 
“Ellic is a beautiful, strong Dracarae name,” Alexander said, giving Ellic a look of approval. Demetrius and Kraven smiled and nodded in agreement. The three magicians stared blankly at Ellic for a moment, and then continued their jabbering and fussing as though nothing happened. The three carried on so that no one else could get a word in. Demetrius and Alexander just stood and observed them while Ellic desperately tried to demand their respect.
“I have seen enough, do you agree, Alexander?” Demetrius asked, sensing the impatience growing in him.
“Agreed,” Alexander said, not taking his eyes from the babbling magicians.
Demetrius plucked a large leaf from a nearby tree and folded it. All but Alexander and the three magicians watched closely as Demetrius worked. The leaf appeared to grow as he folded it and turned it and folded again, until it took on the form of a bird. He cupped it in both hands, raised it to his lips and whispered to it, then he tossed it into the air. It gained life and took flight to Iltrepidore, carrying Demetrius’ message for Darios.
“What is our course of action, Teacher?” Kraven asked.
“My earlier estimate was correct. We should have at least a year to prepare. If they are going to be of any use to us, they are going to need some formal education. But first we must speak with the King. There are still a few issues to be resolved,” Demetrius explained.
“Asymptier?” Alexander asked.
“Of course.”
“So can we bring all this chatter to an end?” Kraven rubbed his temples.
“I do think a sleeping spell is not a bad idea, Demetrius,” Alexander suggested.
“Agreed.”
Alexander and Kraven walked over to the chattering magicians. The two waved their hands slowly over the magicians, uttering their magical words while Demetrius folded another leaf. Slowly the magicians quieted down. One by one, they yawned and stretched and fell asleep. Alexander took them, one by one, and laid them against a large tree. He stood over the magicians, lowered his arms to his sides, keeping his palms upward, he quickly raised his hands above his head. The entire tree, along with the magicians vanished into thin air.
“What did you do?” Gavin asked in shock.
“They are sleeping,” Alexander answered. “They are still there, but are shielded in a magical barrier similar to the one that protects Elysi. They will be perfectly safe until we are ready for them.”
“Are you sure?” Ellic asked. Although she did not wish to be their pet anymore, she didn’t want any harm to come them.
“I am certain. No harm shall come to them, Ellic. Trust us,  you need not worry,”
“Come, friends,” Demetrius commanded. “A King awaits.”
* * * * *
King Robert knew Demetrius would be arriving in his kingdom sooner or later. Though usually grateful for his company, Robert dreaded this visit. He spent years trying to hide the truth about Destiny—from others and herself. He could see all his efforts falling apart. It was bad enough that she was spending so much time with Tahir. He was trouble enough with all of his stories and filling her head with fantasies of adventure and magic. As if being a Muslim alone wasn’t enough. No, he had to be a magical Muslim; galloping around town on a unicorn. He didn’t even seem to be aware of the growing tension between the two cultures. Francis was due back any day now; he was certain to throw a fit. Yes, the peaceful façade he spent so many years creating would assuredly come crashing down with this one visit. 
As if on cue, Demetrius, Alexander and the others burst into the castle. They all but ignored the royal servants as Demetrius led them straight to room where the King sat.
The King and wizards greeted each other pleasantly and introduced Kraven as their new apprentice. After the initial polite small talk, King Robert dismissed them to clean up for the banquet. He still had much to ponder, and was not quite ready to deal with whatever trouble Demetrius was about to set before him.
Typically, Kraven would spend his time enjoying the luxuries of aristocracy, but this time his curiosity overpowered his lust for the finer things. As Demetrius and Alexander talked with Destiny and Tahir, Kraven slipped outside. There, he found Oraden grazing with the horses in the pasture.
He watched the unicorn, marveling at his graceful movements, the lightness of his footsteps and the way his horn glistened in the fading sunlight. Unlike the horns of cattle, or other horned creatures, including other unicorns, Oraden’s long horn reflected the hues of purple, orange and red from the setting sun. He willed himself over the fence and into the pasture beside the unicorn. Oraden was aware of him approaching the fence, but was not expecting him to appear beside him. Apparently neither were the horses; they neighed and stampeded to safety.
“Can’t you just walk like everyone else?” Oraden scolded; irritated that Kraven scared his companions away. Kraven chuckled and gave an insincere apology. He watched the unicorn graze and stroked his ebony fur.
“Tell me,” Kraven began, “are the stories about you true?”
“You heard about me?” Oraden lifted his head from the thick grass.
“Indeed. I heard you battled some hyenas to protect your friends. You’ve traveled far outside of the protection of Elysi alone as a colt and…” he paused before asking what he truly wanted to know. “I heard you can communicate with the fairies.”
“Oh, yes,” he answered proudly. “It’s all true. Tahir and I fought off five hyenas. They were big too, and vicious. We were scared, but we couldn’t run and leave Roddy and the sprites.” 
“And what about the fairies?”
“Yes, I talk to them all the time. Usually they just sing to me about things that happened long ago.”
Kraven’s eyes lit up. He tried to conceal his excitement. The knowledge of the fairies; some of it lost for centuries, was right here at his fingertips. If he were able to earn this unicorn’s trust, without arousing Demetrius and Alexander’s suspicions, he could unlock secrets long forgotten.
“What sort of things?” he asked as casually as he could.
“They sing about different things; sometimes about different wizards like Demetrius and Alexander. Did you know Alexander was raised by Dracara instead of wolves?”
“No, I did not. What other things do they sing about?”
“They sing about places and wars, those stone pillars and a place called Atlantis.”
“Atlantis? What do they tell you about that?”
“They once called it The Great City. Some of their most beautiful songs are about Atlantis. Long ago when all the world was covered in ice…”
“Kraven!” Alexander thundered from beyond the fence; neither of them saw him approach. “It would be rude to keep the King waiting,”
“Yes, Teacher,” Kraven said, again hiding his emotions. “Perhaps you can tell me another time, Oraden.”
The two walked toward the fence where Alexander stood watching the horses. The wolf in man’s form thought of how easy it would be to sneak into the pasture, hide behind one of the trees before springing upon an unsuspecting mare. The thought made him lick his lips. He shifted his blue eyes from one of the grazing horses to Kraven.
“Hurry to Demetrius, he would like to speak to you before dinner,” Alexander ordered. Kraven bowed and disappeared as quickly as he had appeared. Alexander turned to the unicorn and ran his hand through Oraden’s mane. 
“Be wary of Kraven’s questions, and of humans like him.” He reached into his pocket and retrieved a piece of sweet fruit, offering it to Oraden as he spoke. “Your gift is a unique one; one that puts you in danger, Black Unicorn. Wizards far more powerful than myself have gone to great lengths to keep the secrets of the fairies just that. Do not undo their work so casually.”
“Why is it such a secret?” Oraden asked.
“Not for 500 years have they had anyone to sing to, and not for 500 will they again. There are many things that most humans simply should not know, and magic that should not be used: these are their secrets. You will understand all in time, the fairies will see to that. Then, only you can decide what you will do with that knowledge.”
Oraden still didn’t understand why he must keep what he knew a secret, or why that would cause him to be in danger. Much of what the fairies told him didn’t even make sense: fragments of stories, tales of wizards that died centuries ago. Why should this information be so important? He did understand however, that Alexander lived long enough to witness some of the things the fairies sang of, and was commissioned by very powerful Dracara on an elaborate mission of the utmost importance. If the Elders of Fire trusted Alexander, so should he.
“I must go. King Robert waits.” He ran his fingers through Oraden’s thick mane once more before he disappeared, leaving the unicorn to his own thoughts.
* * * * *
Dinner was served according to schedule. Demetrius tried to steer the conversation to lighter topics; he was always eager to share stories and reminisce about the days of yesteryear with friends. But it inevitably turned to the reason they were all there: Stonehenge.
“Stonehenge?” The King asked, looking quite baffled. “Those ancient rocks? What do they have to do with anything?”
“Well, everything really. The stones serve as a magical prison; for hundreds of years they have kept great evil at bay. But nothing, my friends, and I do mean nothing, lasts forever.” A sadness passed through Demetrius’ eyes that none of them quite understood.
“Soon, twelve powerful, ancient wizards will be released upon the earth,” Alexander continued. “Those ridiculous friends of yours Ellic, serve as a warning. As the time for The Twelve to awaken draws closer, they will descend deeper into madness. As they are still sane; annoying but sane nonetheless—we still have perhaps a year before The Twelve are freed.”
“Wait. Why can’t they just be kept locked in the prison?” the King asked. “Why do they have to be freed?”
“These wizards are very powerful, and it takes very powerful magic to keep them imprisoned,” Demetrius explained. “The power of the Dracara wanes. We cannot keep them locked away forever.”
“How can we possibly defeat not one, but twelve wizards of that caliber? I’ve no idea how to defeat one wizard!” Gavin exclaimed in disbelief. “I knew you had some plan laid out for me when you sent Tahir and Oraden to me, but if I had any idea it would involve something like this, I would have had no part!”
“Which is precisely why he didn’t tell you,” Kraven answered with a smirk. 
“Besides, I do not expect any of you to defeat twelve wizards. That is preposterous,” Demetrius said. “You only have to defeat one.”
“Well, Oraden and I have been training everyday; I’m pretty good with my bow, and Gavin said I’m doing much better with the sword,” Tahir offered.
“A bow and arrows against a wizard? Not likely!” Gavin scoffed. “And what of the other eleven?”
“Just as there are twelve wizards that need to be destroyed, there are twelve chosen to do the destroying. We, Alexander and I, have been given the task of assembling a band of brave warriors in defeating Artemisios, the most powerful of The Twelve. He considers himself a god, and if we are unsuccessful, he would be their leader. We have spent hundreds of years studying, learning and planning our attack.
“Gavin, you have done all that we expected of you; I do not wish to put you in Artemisios’ path. Meelix, my small friend, you have done well; even with your big heart, this will be more than you are ready for. Ellic, you have just learned who and what you are; you are hardly prepared to battle a wizard. Your Highness, whether we fail or succeed, your country needs you; we wouldn’t dare put you at unnecessary risk. As for you Tahir, I know you have been searching for your purpose, for your destiny; but this is not it.”
“So, none of us are ready? What about Oraden?” Tahir asked.
Demetrius and Alexander both shook their heads.
“Then who does that leave?” Tahir asked, frustrated that he was getting left out of the biggest adventure of all.
“Me,” Destiny answered softly, gazing down at her empty plate. She slowly looked up to see everyone staring at her. “That leaves only me.”
“Out of the question!” King Robert erupted. “I will not have my youngest daughter march to her death to fight a wizard! I will not have it! Demetrius, you may rule in a land of fairies, but I am King here! You will not march into my castle demanding my daughter for whatever plans you may have. If there are evil beings in my land, I will have my army defeat them. Francis is undefeated in battle. We have the strongest army in the world. This Artemisios will cower before England!”
Demetrius allowed Robert to finish his rant. He sat quietly with his hands folded in his lap. When he was done, Demetrius leaned forward in his chair and spoke calmly.
“Do you honestly believe that?”
“Your Highness, Artemisios will not be defeated without Destiny,” Alexander matter-of-factly explained. He had far less patience with human emotions than most. Raised by Dracara, he learned long ago to do what needed be done. He did as commanded, whether by his instincts or by his elders; emotion had little, if anything, to do with it. “We can take her for a year, far from here. Teach her all we can, prepare her for what is to come, and she can fight beside us to defeat Artemisios. Or, after we are slain, and Artemisios is free to reign over your land, she will be killed, enslaved or whatever else he decides, along with everyone else. You can make the right decision, or we can make this decision for you. But that which needs to be done, will be done.”
“Alexander! Is tact still a foreign concept to you after all these years?” Demetrius scolded.
Kraven chuckled to himself. He much preferred Alexander’s direct and often aggressive methods than all of Demetrius’ empathy. 
“Leave us, all of you,” the King commanded, never taking his eyes from Alexander. Although he considered Alexander to be his friend and they typically treated each other with the utmost respect, he did not take ultimatums lightly, nor did he appreciate his authority being challenged by a dog. Alexander stared back with his piercing blue eyes. Even in human form, his eyes could not hide his true nature; he stared into Robert as if he were prey. He had no intention of letting centuries of planning be foiled by an overprotective father with an ego problem.
Everyone else silently filed out of the room, leaving Alexander, Demetrius, Kraven and the King to talk. Demetrius stood up and walked around the table to Alexander. He scratched the sides of his human ears and the top of his head in the same way most would their dog, diverting his attention from King Robert.
“Peace, Friend,” he said, wanting to keep the situation from turning ugly. Alexander returned to his true form and leapt down from the chair. He paced the room looking for a comfortable spot. Finding one by the wall, he lay down to observe the rest of the conversation. Demetrius moved to the seat closest to King Robert so they could speak in a more personal way.
“Robert,” he began with a sigh. “I understand your concern for Destiny. I know you only want to protect her from harm, from shame. I know what she is and more importantly, I know what she can become, if guided. There are many that would have had me take her long ago, to teach her and mold her. Out of respect for you, and our friendship, I have waited until the last possible moment. There is much at play that you cannot understand right now; perhaps you never will. But believe me, you cannot hide her from this world; you cannot hide her from herself. She already knows what she is. She has been experimenting in secret for years now. It is only a matter of time.”
“Demetrius, I only want what is best for her. I want her to have a good life, to marry a wealthy prince and be taken care of, like Grace. I never wanted her life to be so complicated…”
“No one ever does. I’m sorry, Robert, but she will not marry a prince, she will not be wealthy, she will not be taken care of, nor will her life be easy. She will fight, she will know pain and suffering, and she will be the one to take care of others. She will spend many years alone; but she will be happier doing that than she ever could be in any castle. She will be a powerful, powerful wizard, one whom we will all come to depend on. We must also keep in mind, many a wizard left unguided, unlearned, without a teacher to show them the way, have become the very beings you fear. I will not force you to do anything Robert. She is still your daughter; this is still your kingdom. The choice is still yours. But at some point, she is going to have to decide for herself if she is going to be what she was born to be. It would be far better for her to make that choice while we still have time to teach her.
“Tahir, Meelix, Oraden and Ellic will be leaving in two days’ time to attend a school to study for one year. Although I told them they are not ready now, they soon will be. You have until then to decide Destiny’s future. I would like her to go with them. It would be good for her to learn who and what she is, as well as how to fend for herself against Artemisios and others who would do her harm. I suggest you talk it over with her. She is nearly an adult; she knows where her heart lies. We did not come here to cause problems, Robert. This is not some elaborate plan we created. We did not tell Destiny’s mother to deceive you. We too, are but pawns in a larger game.”
“Alexander, Kraven, let us leave the King to his thoughts.” Demetrius rose from his seat. The two followed his command and also rose. As they left, Demetrius paused at the wall where Alexander had been lying. 
Little did Robert know, Destiny sneaked back into the room and listened to the entire conversation. Cloaked by magic, she was invisible to the eye, but the three wizards knew she was there. Magic flowed so strongly in her veins that they could feel her very presence. 
Her heart pounded. Demetrius’ cloudy and unfocused pupils bore directly into her eyes. How was it possible that he could see her when she couldn’t see herself?
You know what you must do, she heard him say. Or did she? Did she imagine it? His lips did not move, but she heard his voice as clearly as if he were speaking aloud. Was that possible? After an instant that seemed to last hours, he gave her a knowing smile and turned and left the room. She looked over at her Father, who still sat at the table. He held his head in his hands and slowly rocked his head. She knew he had much to think over, as did she. She left the room as silently as she had entered.
Once outside on the balcony, she resumed visibility and looked out into the dark sky. Through all the confusion came an overwhelming clarity. She knew. She knew exactly what she had to do. She opened the cape she wore day in and day out, and untied the custom-made constraints she’d worn for as long as she could remember. For the first time in her life, she stretched her entire body.
Long, leathery, dark wings arched out from beneath her clothing. They felt weak and stiff from being bound for so many years, but after giving them a good stretch and a few practice flaps, she could feel strength and coordination flowing through them. Gusts of wind billowed around her face with each flap. From the balcony’s edge she watched the clouds dance around the moon. She smiled broadly and ripped the veil and pins from her hair, tossing them to the ground. After taking a deep breath she leapt into the air with her wings and arms fully extended.
For a moment she was a bit shaky and unable to guide herself in quite the direction she wanted. Gradually she became more comfortable, and with that comfort, came confidence. She swooped and soared, cackling with delight in the night sky.
Below her, Tahir was relaying the conversation between the wizards and the King, to Oraden, as promised. Hysterical laughter above them interrupted his story.
“What was that?” Tahir asked as they searched the sky for an answer. Beyond the garden a dark form skimmed the treetops.
“Do you see that?” Oraden neighed. “Come on! Let’s follow it!” 
“Are you sure? The last time we did that we got more than we expected.” Tahir wasn’t sure if he wanted to risk intercepting yet another mysterious creature.
“Oh, come on!” Oraden yelled, and took off at a gallop toward the cackling, flying creature. Tahir ran to catch up. They raced through the woods, kicking up dried leaves and leaping over fallen branches. Oraden found the run invigorating. Lately he’d been reduced to babysitting crazy magicians and dragons, or waiting for people to finish conversations he couldn’t understand. He welcomed the chance to stretch his legs and run in the night. 
The creature glided back and forth in no apparent pattern. Whenever they seemed to be gaining on it, it changed directions. They were still running when they realized that they lost sight of the mysterious creature. Tahir slowed to a jog as Oraden darted back and forth, trying to determine which way it went. They were just about to give up when they reached the riverbank where they first all plunged into the chilly waters from the large rock. High up on the ledge, Oraden spotted movement.
“There, Tahir,” he whispered, “Do you see it? It looks human.” 
Tahir quietly moved closer to Oraden to get a better look.
“That’s because it is human. That’s Destiny. Come on.”
“What is she doing out here by herself?”
“Let’s find out. Whatever that creature was, it’s gone now.”
Oraden and Tahir climbed toward the ledge where Destiny stood looking over the water.
“Lady Destiny!” Tahir called out. “What are you doing out here?”
Destiny was startled. She pulled her robes and cape tightly to make sure her wings were properly concealed. Her thoughts raced as she searched for an excuse.
“What? I was just…Never mind me. What are you doing out here?” 
“Did you see that flying thing?” Oraden asked, eager to talk about their sighting. “It wasn’t a dragon or a bird, but it had huge wings and made a strange laughing noise.”
“I never saw anything like it in Elysi or the desert. Not huge, but bigger than Smokey…I mean Ellic, like…umm…”
“It was big as Tahir if Tahir had wings—big dragon wings!” Oraden chimed in. “You had to have seen it!”
“Yes, yes, of course I saw it,” Destiny agreed nervously. “You didn’t see what it was, did you?”
“No,” Oraden answered with obvious disappointment in his voice.
“No, it’s too dark,” Tahir added.
Tahir and Oraden stood in silence, looking into the sky and reflecting on what they’d seen. 
“What are you doing out here, anyway?” Tahir asked Destiny. “You shouldn’t venture out into the woods by yourself at night.”
“I needed some time alone to think,” she explained.
“Tahir told me what Demetrius said to you. He wasn’t nearly that direct with us; you must be pretty important. I can’t believe you get to fight a wizard and we don’t.”
“Do you know what your magic is?” Tahir asked. 
“I thought I knew, but I think there’s more.”
“Like what?”
“Well, I know I can turn invisible; I’ve been doing that since I was a small child. And I can understand you, Oraden, as well as Meelix and Ellic. And I think I can hear thoughts, but I’m not sure. I know I heard Demetrius’ voice but his lips didn’t move.”
“Coolyah,” Oraden and Tahir whispered in unison.
“What else?” Tahir asked as they sat down on the ledge with their feet dangling above the water. Oraden knelt beside her.
“Well, sometimes I get this feeling I don’t really understand; like someone is there, like I’m being watched. Other times, I can feel my entire body overcome with a tingling sensation, especially my hands and eyes. I keep expecting something but nothing happens. When I was a child—if I became very angry, sometimes bad things would occur; things would break or catch fire.”
She stared at the ground, remembering incidents in her youth when she let her temper fly. Her father still carried the scar from a severe burn on his arm after one of her temper tantrums.
“I’ve learned to control my temper since then,” she said, choosing not to tell that story. “That does not happen anymore. But sometimes it’s difficult, especially when dealing with a certain squire from Africa who tries to tell me what to do,” she narrowed her eyes at Tahir and smirked.
“Oh, and I can kill insects with my thoughts. Now, that is particularly useful. I cannot remember the last time I was bitten by a bedbug,” she said proudly.
“You’re a wizard, aren’t you?” Oraden asked in a whisper. 
“No, I don’t think so,” she shrugged and rested her chin in her hands. “Maybe,” she sighed.
“Destiny, what did you mean before, when you said you were ‘repulsive’?” Tahir asked.
Destiny buried her face in her hands—one last moment of concealment before she released the secret she’s been forced to keep her entire life.
Oraden cocked his head as if to ask, ‘What’s going on?’ Tahir shrugged. They waited patiently for her to speak.
“My mother,” she began, “was not what she led us to believe. She disappeared when I was very young, so I have few memories of her. I do remember her being very beautiful—an unnatural beauty. And she called herself a ‘goddess.’ No one understood what she meant until it was too late. I think she was some kind of ancient being, a sorceress who took human form. I don’t know. Maybe she was some sort of goddess. I read of them in mythology. I do know that she married my father for riches, for a life of luxury. After a few years of playing devoted wife and mother, she became bored with England and…left us. I have not seen her or heard from her since.”
“But, there is no God but God. She couldn’t have been a goddess,” Tahir reasoned.
“So, you are half-goddess,” Oraden concluded. “Why is that so bad?” 
“Because there are no goddesses, Oraden, only fallen angels.”
“Fallen angels? You mean demons?” Tahir asked.
She nodded shamefully. Oraden and Tahir stared at her in disbelief. 
“How do you know this?” Tahir finally asked.
“Before she left, she gave me a book that explained it all. When I became old enough, I started to read it. I asked my Father about it, but he burned the book before I could finish and forbade me to speak of it again.”
“If she deceived you once, it could all be lies. How do you know that you aren’t just a regular wizard? Demetrius has lots of magic, but I don’t think he’s a demon.”
“But I’m different.”
“How do you know?” Tahir asked.
“He’s right Destiny, there are plenty of wizards,” Oraden explained. “Some people or creatures just have a bloodline with more magic, that’s all. It doesn’t make them a demon.”
“How else can I explain this?” she cried as her wings snapped open and she flew off the ledge. They gasped and quickly rose to their feet. “Look at me, I’m a monster!” she said between sobs. “Can you honestly look at me and say that I don’t look like a demon?”
“It was you! You were the creature?”
“Why didn’t you tell us?” Oraden asked.
“What was I supposed to say?”
“I don’t know, how about, ‘Look at me, I can fly?’” Oraden suggested.
“Sweet fairies! I really got the short rope.” Tahir threw a rock down into the water. “You can fly, turn invisible, hear thoughts, and all I can do is talk to animals! Oh, and turn invisible. Big pixie sticks!”
“Ha, you sure did!” Oraden laughed. “Seems everybody can become invisible!”
“I’m supposed to rescue you? How on earth am I supposed to do that?”
“Rescue me? From what?” she asked, gracefully landing back on the ledge.
“I don’t know,” Tahir shook his head. “In all the stories of great knights, they always rescue a damsel. When I met you, I guess I just kind of thought—I would get a chance to rescue you from something.”
“Really?” Destiny smiled, though her face was still wet with tears.
“Looks like you’re going to have to rescue Tahir!” Oraden burst into laughter.
“She’s going to have to rescue you from me, if you don’t shut up!” Tahir yelled. 
Oraden just snorted and kept laughing and prancing about. “Oh I can see it now! Oh, Destiny, please help me!” he teased in a mocking voice. “Smokey is going to get me! Help me, Destiny, help!”
Destiny and Tahir started to giggle. It was probably true, but it was still a funny idea. Tahir learned long ago, that it was often easier, and more fun, to go along with Oraden’s teasing rather than get upset about it. He scrabbled up a nearby oak tree and pretended to be stuck.
“Help me, Destiny! Help me!” he squealed.
Oraden roared with laughter and Destiny was thrown into a fit of giggles. Oraden galloped to the tree, reared up and pawed at it. He tried to make growling noises like the big cat that chased them through the desert years ago. But in reality, a unicorn just can’t sound very menacing.
“Roar-r-r!”
“Oh, help me Destiny! Ouch! Hey, cut it out, Oraden!”
“I’m not Oraden. I’m an evil, horned monster! Roar-r-r!”
She laughed as Oraden poked and stabbed at Tahir’s rear end with his horn while Tahir kicked and squealed, dangling from the tree. 
“I’ll rescue you, Fair Damsel!” she shouted in her deepest voice. She grabbed a long stick from the ground and swung it at Oraden as though it were a sword. The two of them danced around, pretending to fight, while Tahir continued to scream and throw small branches at Oraden. When Destiny managed to get one clean poke into his belly, Oraden toppled over; kicking his legs through the air in the most dramatic display any of them had ever seen. He rolled on the grass and gasped and sputtered, moaned and groaned, and then lay still with his tongue lolling from the side of his mouth.
Destiny posed over the slain ‘beast’ with her pretend sword held straight overhead and one foot on Oraden’s side.
Tahir and Destiny sat side by side against a large oak tree. Oraden knelt beside her, resting his head in her lap. It comforted her to run her fingers through his mane while she explained how it was to live smothered in shame. If the church found out about her ‘condition’, as her father called it, she would be excommunicated, her family disgraced, and her life endangered. She could never marry; never let her emotions unfold freely. And, of course, she must always cover her skin, her hair, and especially those wings, lest her deformation be revealed.
Although Tahir and Oraden had never been the least bit restricted in their lives, they sympathized with her predicament. Such a life would be worse than death for two adventurers. Tahir reached into his tunic and fumbled with the talisman around his neck. He held it up in the moonlight so Destiny and Oraden could see it.
“My father gave me this the day I was born. He said it would protect me, and told me to never take it off,” he explained, letting Destiny hold it and run her fingers along its intricate ridge. “I suppose it worked: I survived my village and the lion attack. I’ve never been injured in battle. I’ve fallen from trees, rocks and Oraden’s back and never gotten anything more than a few bruises and scratches. Even when we were attacked by hyenas, I didn’t get any infections and my wounds weren’t too serious. Do you think it is magic Oraden?”
The unicorn’s horn emitted a yellow glow. Tonight it was brighter than a candle and he used the light to better examine the round piece of metal with strange markings.
“I’ve definitely heard of medallions giving magic to people. I can’t read what it says and I’ve never seen one, so I don’t know what they look like. You have been pretty lucky; maybe it is magic.”
“I have few things left from my village. It’s the only thing I own that may have any real value. It may be worthless, too. I just don’t know.”
“No, no, it is beautiful,” Destiny said, tracing the engravings with her fingertip. “I believe it is gold. Someone went to great trouble to create all these designs. And look,” she scraped at the center with her nail. Bits of corrosion, sand and gunk flaked off. “See? It even has an inlaid stone, perhaps a gem of some sort.”
Tahir watched her face as she spoke. Her beauty radiated in the soft glow of Oraden’s horn.
“I want you to have it,” he finally said.
“This is a family heirloom….” She looked up at him in surprise.
“It’s yours,” he said, removing the cord from his neck and putting it around hers. “It’s the only thing I have worthy of giving you.”
“Tahir, you have given me so much already.”
“Maybe it will bring you good fortune and protection when you battle Artemisios. I’m sorry it’s so dirty. I can find an artisan to polish it for you.”
“Do not apologize. It is an antique. It has traveled across the world and has been aged on the chest of the man who has won my heart. The dirt adds to its charm. Thank you, Tahir.”
Tahir watched her hair rise with the breeze. He’d never seen her hair before; she always wore a scarf, not unlike the women in his village. Her hair caught the moonlight in purple waves where it danced around her face. He started to say something, but then changed his mind. Instead, he reached out and ran his fingers through it; he pulled her head toward his and pressed his lips to hers. There, under the filtered moonlight, they shared their first kiss.
“Tahir! Thou art bold this evening.”
“I’m so sorry,” He quickly pulled away, shaking his head and cursing himself. “I shouldn’t have done that.”
“Your only wrongdoing has been taking so long. I hope I will not have to wait another year for my next kiss.”
“That’s a mistake I won’t make again,” he said as he leaned in for another kiss.
Oraden remained content as long as Destiny stroked his mane. She petted him in a manner that no one ever had before and he loved it. Tahir would occasionally pat him on the head or neck. The sprites petted him lovingly; particularly the females, but he could barely feel their tiny hands. Destiny, however, stroked his neck, played with his ears and completely spoiled him. As soon as her hands left his mane for Tahir’s chest, he became annoyed. He watched them kiss for a few moments before nudging her and trying to force his nose under her hand. Tahir pushed Oraden’s face away, never taking his lips from Destiny’s. Oraden snorted and stomped away to graze, swishing his tail in their faces. They laughed and wiped at their faces to stop the tickling sensation.
“Alright, alright,” Tahir said, rising to his feet and helping Destiny up. “Let’s get you back home.”
He helped her secure her wings under her cape and covered her purple hair with her hooded scarf before lifting her onto Oraden’s back and then jumping on behind her. He held lightly to his mane as the unicorn cantered through the woods back to the treehouse.
Upon returning, they found Ellic and Meelix talking by a fire.
“There you are!” Meelix shouted. He and Ellic jumped up and ran to greet their friends. “You won’t believe this. Look!” Meelix pointed excitedly at the flickering flame.
“It’s fire, Meelix. We use it all the time. You know that,” Oraden said, unimpressed.
“Yes, but Smo—I mean, Ellic made it!”
“I sure did. Watch!”
Ellic turned away and took a deep breath. Then she blew with all her strength; a pile of leaves and sticks burst into flame. Oraden neighed and reared up in surprise while Destiny and Tahir both stumbled backward.
“Pixies! How did you do that?” Tahir exclaimed.
“I saw some Dracara’s, Dracaree—something like that—on Iltrepidore do it. So I just tried and tried until I could do it, too. When I was small, I could make little puffs of smoke, but I never knew I could make fire!”
“Wow, this is turning out to be quite a night of surprises.”
Destiny’s glare warned Tahir not to tell her secret. Oraden saw it, too, and understood.
“You’re right, first evil wizards, and now Ellic can make fire!” Oraden covered.
“Hey, if you can make fire now, maybe you can help fight the wizard!” Tahir said.
“Really? Imagine that!” Ellic jumped up and down. “Darios would be so proud of me!”
“You’re going to be a hero, Ellic!” Meelix shouted.
“Hey,” Destiny whispered, motioning for them all to move closer. “I probably shouldn’t be telling you this, but I overheard Demetrius tell my father that he was sending us all to a magic academy.”
“All of us? Even me?” Meelix asked.
“Yes, all of us.”
“A magic academy.  Coolya!” Meelix said.
“I bet I’ll be the first unicorn to go to a magic academy—what’s a magic academy?”
“Yes, what is an academy?” Tahir asked.
Everyone turned to Destiny for an explanation. She had to remind herself that she kept strange company. She had no reason to think her new friends would understand what this meant.
“It is a place where people go to study and learn about things.”
“I already know about magic. What are we going to learn at an academy?” Oraden snorted.
“Do you know how to fight a wizard?” Tahir asked sarcastically.
“They can teach us that?” Oraden looked hopeful at Destiny.
“I’m not sure, but if Demetrius thinks we should go, there must be a lot for us to learn there.”
“Is your father going to let you go?” Meelix asked. “He sounded pretty angry at dinner.”
“This time, I will not let him stop me.”
Chapter Twenty-Five
A S Y M P T I E R
Two days later, after much debate between King and daughter, the band of students gathered in the courtyard with everything they thought they needed for the journey to Asymptier. Demetrius told them very little about their destination; none of them knew where it was or how they were getting there. Their excitement could not be contained. They paced the courtyard and all talked at once, each creating a different scenario of how they imagined Asymptier would be and what they would learn there.
Finally, King Robert, Demetrius, Alexander, Kraven and Gavin emerged from the castle to greet the eager students. Demetrius seemed to be as excited as they were.
“Is everyone ready for the journey of a lifetime?” He rubbed his hands together in anticipation. They all cheered their agreement.
“Excellent, excellent. It shouldn’t be long now.” He looked to the sky. Following his lead, the others turned and looked to see whatever it was he was looking for.  A few moments passed before they noticed something flying toward them. They all watched it move closer and closer, still unsure of what it was. It had large white wings, but did not appear to be a living creature. No part of the object, other than its wings, moved. As it came closer, they realized it was a carriage, carved from beautiful, dark, red wood. It had golden accents, elaborate carvings and large ivory wheels. No horse pulled it; it had no driver. Yet somehow it landed gently and accurately right before them.
“This, my friends, is your carriage to Asymptier, Academy of Thurmatology,” Demetrius announced. “It will safely transport you to the far northeast where some of the greatest wizards and Dracara in the world, including Kraven, Alexander and myself, have spent many years learning all there is to know about magic. While you are there, you will learn the history of magic, magic spells, magical creatures, etiquette, reading, writing and mathematics, even the language of Atlantis and, most importantly, how to fight against the dark sorcerer, Artemisios.
“There are few places in the world where you would be safer, so don’t be afraid to explore; have fun and learn about yourselves while you are there. Just remember: You only have a year to learn what most dedicate a lifetime to learning. I know it is no easy task, but I believe you can do it—nay, I know you can do it. Now, upon arrival, seek Amalia. I have sent her specific instructions as to what you need to know; she will guide you through your journey there. When the time comes, I will send for you.”
While Demetrius gave instructions, Alexander, Gavin and Kraven loaded the carriage with the sleeping bodies of the three magicians.
Oraden peeked into the carriage, noting its size. It was big enough to seat about seven or eight humans comfortably. If it were empty, he might be able to squeeze in, but with everyone else, he couldn’t imagine how he could possibly fit, especially with Ellic.
“Excuse me, Demetrius,” Oraden said, “are we all going to be riding in the carriage?”
“Of course.”
He frowned with confusion and stuck his head into the carriage again. His horn was already bumping against the roof and he wasn’t even inside it yet. Frustrated, he backed away.
“How am I going to fit in there? I’m too big!”
“Too big?” Demetrius repeated. He moved toward the carriage to look inside. As he did so, he subtly waved his hand over Oraden and Ellic and mumbled something no one noticed. Everyone was so preoccupied with looking into the carriage, trying to figure out a way to fit Oraden and Ellic in, no one noticed them shrinking.
“Hmm. I don’t know, Oraden, I don’t see why you’d have a problem fitting in here.” Demetrius smiled as he turned to face Oraden, who had shrunk to the size of Meelix. Everyone gasped in shock to see Oraden and Ellic so tiny. Meelix was delighted to be in the company of others the same size as himself.
Everyone had a good laugh watching Oraden stamp his tiny hooves and throw a little temper tantrum. His squeaky voice could barely be heard over their laughter.
“Stop laughing! This isn’t fair! Why couldn’t you make the carriage bigger? You didn’t have to make me tiny. This is ridiculous!”
“Wow! The grass is so big! Everyone is so tall!” Ellic exclaimed. She took flight and buzzed around everyone’s head.
“Look at me! I’m a dragonfly!” she giggled. Meelix laughed as he chased Ellic around the others’ feet.
Tahir bent down and scooped Oraden up in his hands and held him close to his face.
“He is so cute!” Destiny cooed as she petted him with one finger.
“Put me down, Tahir! I am NOT cute! I am a mighty warrior!”
Tahir, giggling, set him down gently on the seat next to the sleeping magicians.
“Destiny,” King Robert called, as the others climbed into the carriage. He led her away so they could talk privately for a moment. “Are you sure this is what you want?” he asked when they were out of earshot. “It’s not too late to change your mind.”
“Father, the only thing I want more than to please you, is to know who I am. I have always felt so trapped and confused. My life is finally making sense.”
Robert slowly shook his head.
“Please, Father…”
“I used to imagine a life for you. You’d live in a beautiful castle; marry a powerful, handsome prince who would become a great king. I would have beautiful grandchildren. They’d never know hunger or poverty; the world would be at their fingertips. It was the perfect life…Do you remember Prince Sebastian?”
“Yes, I do. He had a very peculiar mustache.”
“Bah, he was a handsome man, from a strong and wealthy family. I visited their kingdom once: beautiful land, strong castle, powerful army. I really liked him.”
“He was so short, Father.”
“That’s no reason not to like a man,” he paused for a moment. “He and Meelix are about the same height, though.” They both laughed.
“Tahir is handsome,” she said. “Strong and capable too.”
The King rubbed his face and moaned. He’d seen this coming.
“He’s tall,” she added with a smile.
“That he is, Destiny,” he chuckled. “That he is.” The king looked over at the carriage where Tahir stood, clearly still teasing Oraden. He was tall and muscular, but still very lean. Robert figured he would have grown into his body by now, but that didn’t seem to be the case. He hardly looked the part of a knight, and still had a boyish air about him. Some might call his features exotic, but Robert simply found them odd. Still, he was charming and fun, adventurous, too: qualities he knew his daughter found appealing. He did respect Tahir’s courage and determination; and his skill on the battlefield was quickly becoming legendary. He never questioned Tahir’s loyalty, and his work ethic was impressive. With her condition, Destiny could do far worse than a man like Tahir. “I’m sorry, my dear. It’s just that…he’s so poor…and strange. What will the people think of the King’s daughter marrying a moor boy who lives in a tree?”
“What would they think if the King’s daughter became an old maid?” she raised an eyebrow.
“No, that wouldn’t be good either,” he sighed and wrapped his arms around her. She hugged him tightly, burying her face into his chest. “No, I can’t have you left all alone. I shudder to think how Francis will treat you when I’m gone.”
“We won’t have to worry about that for a very long time,” she assured him.
“It’s something that has worried me since you were a small child; something that worries all fathers of daughters, I imagine. What will happen? Who will take care of her? Where will she live? That’s not even taking into account the wizards.” He kissed the top of her head. “I tell you, when a man has a daughter, his life is nothing but worry.”
“You don’t have to worry anymore,” she looked up at him. “I think I will be well taken care of.”
“Tahir, hmm?”
“Yes.”
“Of this you are certain? There is no one else who interests you? No one else who might accept your…unique features?”
“Even if there were, Father, I’d still choose Tahir.”
“Tahir,” he sighed and shook his head. “You’re just like your mother, always getting your way. That Sebastian, though, he really knew how to joust.”
“Father!”
“I know, I know,” he said, releasing his embrace. “I knew it the day he arrived, talking about magic and unicorns and such. If this academy, this life, this strange unicorn boy is what makes you happy, I won’t try to stop you anymore. I just want the best for you; even if I know it may never happen.”
“You are my Father, nothing will ever be better than that.”
He kissed her forehead, then took her arm and escorted her back to the carriage and helped her inside.
“Tahir,” he squeezed the young man’s arm. “I am placing my precious daughter in your trust; take good care of her.” 
“I will, Sire.”
After a long goodbye, Tahir, Oraden, Destiny, Meelix and Ellic were all aboard the carriage along with the sleeping magicians. Alexander tapped the top twice and it came to life, flapping its wings and taking to the air. They waved as they rose higher and higher, leaving those on the ground to watch the carriage disappear from view.
“We have much to attend to,” Alexander reminded Demetrius.
“Very true, my friend,” he turned his attention to King Robert and Gavin. “It has been a pleasure, as always. But as Alexander has pointed out, we have important matters waiting,” Demetrius said as Alexander drew another large circle in the air.
“Where are you going?” King Robert asked.
“To a meeting with a dragon. We shall return in one year’s time. Until then, I bid you farewell.”
“It was a pleasure meeting you both.” Kraven said with a bow.
The three wizards disappeared into the tunnel.
Chapter Twenty-Six
T H E   S T O R M
Twelve months passed quickly for those who journeyed to Asymptier. As Demetrius promised, there was much to learn. The world was far more complicated and grand than Tahir could have imagined. And far more dangerous. Not that he had been oblivious to danger, but he learned now, how ignorant he’d been kept from the darkest side of magic.
It seemed just yesterday that he was but a small boy traveling alone in the desert. Back then, life was so simple; his days were filled with seeking adventure and playing with sprites and mers. Now, here he stood, on the icy tundra of Siberia, covered from head to toe in animal fur, contemplating the battle of the century.
A hummingbird, constructed from folded parchment, circled overhead before flying into his grasp. Once touched, the bird lost all life. Tahir unfolded it to find a short message:
Greetings, 
The time has come, my young friend. Gather your comrades, your destiny waits.
-Demetrius
Tahir dropped the letter to the ground, unsurprised to see it transform into a dried leaf. He heard footsteps approaching, but didn’t have to turn to know it was Destiny. Her arms wrapped around his waist and her face rested against his back.
“You are worried,” she said.
“It’s time, already.”
“I know. I can feel it. The twelve are growing stronger, the prison weaker. The wind whispers their names, his name. It is as though he beckons me.”
“Artemisios? He speaks to you?”
“No, not really. But I can feel his power. I find it…” she paused, searching for the word, “intriguing.”
“Intriguing? Your enthusiasm to meet Artemisios concerns me.”
“Oh, don’t tell me you’re jealous?” she said, with a mischievous grin.
“Should I be?”
“Of a thousand-year-old man?”
“Well he is sooo intriguing,” Tahir mocked. 
“Oh, stop it!” she laughed and playfully pushed him. “How do you stay out here so long? I’m freezing.” she hugged herself, shivering.
“It’s not so unlike the desert,” he explained, as they headed back into the shelter of the school. “There’s very little rainfall, few animals and less people, but instead of being uncomfortably hot, it’s uncomfortably cold.”
“Uncomfortably cold? Winters in England are uncomfortably cold. This is absolutely frigid!”
“It’s a good thing that’s where we’re headed, then. Gather the others while I summon a carriage.”
Soon they were loading their possessions into the carriage and saying goodbye to their new friends and teachers. Within only hours of receiving Demetrius’ message, they were flying back to England to take on Artemisios; and, little did they know, the entire world.
* * * * *
England was no longer the place they left only a year ago. Winter had not been kind to King Robert and he developed a case of pneumonia. Francis returned from his war-mongering and was taking on much of the Kings’ duties.
With him, Francis brought stories. He spent countless hours with nobles, campaigning to continue the war for the holy land. His soldiers spent their days in the taverns, spinning tales of dark-skinned barbarians conquering Spain. Each story fueled the growing prejudice against the Muslims. Gavin, once again ensconced in the tavern, listened to the stories and felt the growing hostility. He was concerned for Tahir’s safety upon his return.
After King Robert explained Destiny’s absence to his heir, Francis became furious. Despite the King’s request, Francis allowed the sensitive information to be leaked—first to his soldiers, then to the public. In no time, rumors infiltrated every home, spreading from person to person like a plague. And, like a plague, people contaminated by the gossip were sickened; their minds and hearts infected with hatred and fear. Some were skeptical about the story of an evil wizard being released; they had a higher immunity. But, by the time Tahir and his company returned, even those with the strongest immune systems were overcome.
The most visible change, however, was in the sky. Initially, the clouds were barely noticeable. Small grey tufts floating on the horizon. Gradually building, turning dark and heavy. Then the wind: first a light breeze, a welcome in the summer sun, but then it too, strengthened. It blew consistently toward the cloud mass, which maintained its position: hovered over the stone circle.
Women deemed to be witches were dragged from their homes to stand trial. Homes were ransacked and examined for evidence of devil worship or witchcraft. The poor accused souls rarely survived their trials.
It was all Francis' doing. He knew the King was too sick to even be made aware of what was happening. This was his kingdom now, and the time for welcoming magical abominations would soon be over.
The animosity leaked through the castle walls, but Demetrius, Alexander and Kraven were still welcome guests of the King. They would be tolerated while King Robert lived. The three wizards returned as promised and waited patiently in the courtyard for the carriage and its passengers.
The familiar carriage glided into view with Destiny and Tahir leaning out of the windows and waving. Upon landing; they all happily greeted each other, exchanging hugs and compliments.
Demetrius sympathetically informed Destiny of her father’s condition. She immediately rushed to his side, where she spent the following days. Occasionally Tahir, Demetrius, and Meelix would stop in to see if there was anything they could do to comfort either of them, or simply to keep them company. But the King’s condition was discouraging.
* * * * *
“I must leave,” Kraven demanded. “I have personal matters to attend to.”
“Now is not a good time, Kraven,” Demetrius said without lifting his eyes from his book. “The hour is at hand, and your—
“I must leave. Now.”
Demetrius closed the book and studied the pupil standing before him.
“What’s wrong?”
“It concerns my family. I must go to them. I will return before the awakening.”
Demetrius pondered Kraven’s request, or demand, but his thoughts kept drifting. He shook his head. “Do you need assistance?”
“No. It is a personal matter,” Kraven’s jaw tightened.
“You are fortunate to have family. I would not prevent you from seeing them. Go quickly.”
“Thank you.” With a twirl of his cape, Kraven spun on his heels and left.
“Should I follow?” Alexander asked, once the apprentice was gone.
“I foresee his aid when we battle Artemisios,” Demetrius shrugged. “Allow him his privacy. Besides, you have much to do here. We can’t afford to have both of you away when the hour is nigh.”
* * * * *
Tahir sat on the window ledge in the royal bed chamber, giving Destiny some privacy with her Father. He could feel her anger and frustration building. While in Asymptier, she decided to no longer constrain her wings, nor wear the body paint that concealed her pale lilac skin. Since returning to England, she donned her old costume for her father’s sake. But it could neither conceal her power nor contain her magic, which seemed to grow stronger with negative emotions. Though she never showed any obvious signs of anger through expressions or actions, it was easy for Tahir to sense. A year ago, he hadn’t even noticed it, but now it was unmistakable; it radiated off of her like heat from a fire. 
Tahir stared out at the storm developing to the east. Occasionally he saw a flicker of lightening. Rather than stretching across the sky, the storm clouds were amassing in one spot, growing larger and blacker. It was peculiar that without clouds anywhere else in the sky, mid-day was as dark as dust.
Tahir turned his gaze to King Robert and Destiny. She sat beside the bed holding his hand and watching him struggle to breathe. She didn’t even seem to notice the unnatural storm that had been brewing over the last few days. Nor did she express concern about how to deal with Artemisios.
Tahir was worried enough for both of them. He was quite antsy, and decided it best if he met up with Oraden and the others to investigate the storm. There was nothing he could do for Robert or Destiny. He hopped down from the window and crossed the room to kiss her forehead, letting her know he was leaving. As he expected, she barely acknowledged him as he left the room.
“Tahir!” Francis stopped him in the corridor. “How are they?”
“I’m not sure. His Majesty seems to be…”
“We haven’t had much time to talk have we?” Francis asked, with a cold stare.
“No.”
“Join me then.” Francis led Tahir to a meeting room both he and Robert used for conducting business and affairs of the kingdom. He sat at a large, ornate desk, shuffled through some documents, scribbled quickly, sealed them and organized them into piles.
Tahir stood near the doorway and watched Francis work for a few moments. Although he was courteous and polite, Francis always seemed so cold. He showed little concern with the King’s failing health, and he was unwelcoming and unsympathetic toward Destiny. He offered them rooms in the castle and ordered his servants to make them comfortable, but maintained his distance. When he encountered any of them, Demetrius, Alexander and Kraven included, he gave them an icy, judgmental stare: they were disgusting nuisances he was forced to tolerate. The three wizards were not intimidated, or even bothered by him, but Meelix and Tahir preferred to stay out of his way. Oraden and Ellic simply stayed out of the castle altogether.
“You seem quite concerned about my father’s health,” Francis stated. “Why is that?”
“Your father is a generous and merciful ruler. When I arrived here from a faraway land, King Robert was very kind to me and my companions. I’m indebted to him forever.”
“And where is it that you are from?”
“Northern Africa.”
Francis set down his pen and eyed Tahir suspiciously.
“You see, Tahir. You are putting me in quite a predicament. We are at war with people like you.”
“People like…me?” Tahir repeated, not sure what Francis was getting at.
“Yes, like you. People who have stolen land that is rightfully ours. Dark-skinned men from the desert. Muslims. Barbarians who have already conquered Spain and now move north.” Francis rose from his seat and slammed his book on the desk. He circled Tahir.
“Why did you say you came here?”
“I came here seeking adventure, hoping to become a knight. I know nothing of whatever war you may be fighting.”
“So, I am to believe that a moor boy travels across the world, to become one of our knights in a crusade against his own people?” Francis laughed. “You must think me a fool!”
“Crusade?” Tahir’s mind raced. His childhood. His village. Gavin mentioned it may have been crusaders who destroyed it. “The crusaders are knights? But…I thought they are supposed to protect people…”
“You’ve never heard of the Knights Templar? Either you are truly stupid or you think I am.”
Tahir ran his hands over his face in disbelief. Of course he’s heard of them, they were some of the strongest and most respected knights in the land. He just never made the connection. Why hadn’t he thought it through? For as long as he could remember, he’d been glorifying the very people who destroyed his village and killed his mother?
His face distorted with anger and blood rushed to his head. He was only vaguely aware of Francis talking; his racing pulse pounded in his ears. Before he realized what was happening, several guards grabbed him and threw chains around him. Flustered and enraged, he couldn’t concentrate enough to use his magic. He fought like a wild animal. The guards beat him over the head until he fell unconscious. His limp body banged against the stone floor of the fortress as they dragged him down to the torture chamber. Francis returned to his paperwork.
By the time Francis made his way to Tahir, he was stripped of his weapons and most of his clothes. His hands were bound by manacles which cut into his wrists as he hung from the ceiling. The weight of his unconscious body pulled at the joints in his shoulders.
“Wake him,” Francis commanded. One of the guards doused Tahir with a bucket of cold water and repeatedly slapped his face.
Tahir shook his head, blinked the water from his eyes, and ignored the pain radiating from the back of his head. In the dim light he tried to make out where he was.
“I don’t believe your ridiculous lies for one minute,” Francis eyed him with disgust as he circled the suspended body. “Tell me what I want to know. Now!”
Tahir’s fists and jaws clenched. “I don’t have whatever information you’re after.”
“Ten lashes,” Francis commanded.
The words barely left his mouth when the sting of the whip cut into Tahir’s back. He twisted and jerked as his tormenter cracked the whip over and over.
After the ten lashes, Francis questioned Tahir again and got the same answer. He nodded to the guard and stepped back. A corner of his lips curved up as Tahir screamed and writhed. The flogging continued until the flesh had been sheared away and the screams stopped. No longer entertained, Francis ordered him cut down and locked in the dungeon to await his next punishment.
He was again dragged across the coarse ground, this time leaving a trail of blood. They dropped a heavy log across his shoulders and chained his torn wrists to the wood before they threw him into the cell. Weakened by the flagellation, and unable to catch himself with his hands, he crashed onto the stone floor chest first. They locked the cell and walked away laughing, leaving him gasping for air.
Tahir thought he would die in the time it took before he could breathe with any semblance of normalcy. The darkness, the blood and sweat in his eyes, prevented him from seeing anything in the dank dungeon. He could hear the pattering of rats scurrying across the floor. It was only a matter of time before the scent of his blood drew them closer. Carefully, slowly pushing through the agony, he struggled to sit up. With each try, the unfinished wood scraped against his open wounds; the pain froze him to the spot. He gave up. The weight and awkwardness of the log made it difficult even without the pain. He rested his head on the cold floor and willed himself invisible. Hopefully, that would at least keep the rats away.
His thoughts drifted back to the day that forever changed his life. Once again he was trapped in darkness, struggling to breathe, surrounded by the stench of blood and death. All these years, practically his entire life, he unknowingly dreamed of becoming one of the people who destroyed his home, killed his mother. In his haste to fulfill his stupid destiny, he hadn’t even bothered to give her a proper burial; just left her there for the birds and rodents to devour. Now here he was, back where it all started. He deserved no better.
For the first time since the day Alexander freed him from the rubble, he cried in great, gulping sobs, surrendering under the weight of grief, shame, and pain. He drifted in and out of consciousness, crying anew every time he confronted the truth that his despair was of his own making, that he was reaping the consequences of his misguided search for heroics.
Why didn’t he know? Why didn’t anyone tell him? Alexander knew, so did Demetrius and Kraven. They probably watched it all happen. Li’Ang probably led the crusaders to his village and intentionally killed his mother so they could use him as they wished. What else could explain why he was the only person to survive?
He woke with a start. Everyone knew, even Gavin and Destiny, but no one ever said a word. His sorrow gave way to anger. They let him go about his foolish quest, all the while becoming a traitor against his own people. For one horrible moment, he even questioned how much Oraden and the sprites knew. But no, they were the only ones he could trust. They had no way of knowing; they lived isolated from humanity. Humanity. The irony made him laugh and he coughed up blood.
The others had no excuse. They would pay for their deception. He would not die in this dungeon. One way or another he would escape and get answers. He stewed in his anger until he fell asleep.
Late that night, Tahir was awaken by someone slapping his face and calling his name. His head throbbed, he was disoriented; he tried to stand but was soon reminded that he was chained to a log.
“Is that you Tahir? Are you alive?” Meelix shook him as hard as he could, not sure if he was dead or unconscious. “It’s not bad enough that it’s darker than night in here; do you have to be invisible, too?” The gnome ran to fetch the metal container of water from the corner of the cell.
“Here, drink this,” he ordered, raising it to where he thought Tahir’s lips were. “Do you hear me?”
Tahir let down his cloak of invisibility and reluctantly sipped the slimy water. “Yes, Meelix, I’m alive. Francis thinks I’m a traitor. He’s right. I am a traitor.”
“Traitor? What are you talking about?” Meelix inspected the source of the blood flowing down Tahir’s neck. “This looks pretty bad, Tahir—good fairies! What happened? It looks like a dragon ripped your back apart!”
“My village. They did it. All this time, Meelix, all this time…I’ve been a fool.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m getting you out of here. Hold on, I’ll return.”
Meelix slipped back through the bars the same way he entered. Whatever was going on, he decided it best to remain unseen. His feet barely touched stone as he ran up the winding stairs to the main floor, scaled the wall and escaped out the tiny window he had come through. Someone so small could easily be overlooked in the busy castle. Even when he wasn’t trying to be unseen, people rarely paid him any attention. He crossed the castle grounds, darting behind shrubbery, and then raced back to the forest. He whistled sharply. Within moments, Oraden and Ellic appeared before him.
“Did you find him?” they both asked.
“Yes, he’s locked up in the dungeon. I don’t know what happened, but maybe Destiny can get him out. Ellic, I need you to fly me up to the King’s window,” He pointed to the window, softly illuminated by candlelight.
Ellic agreed and the two left Oraden waiting in the forest for their return. Ellic hovered at the window and they cautiously peeked in. Seeing no one but Destiny and the ill King, both asleep, they silently entered. Meelix dismounted and climbed up Destiny’s chair while Ellic hurried to the door to stand guard. She snaked her head out, looking back and forth, not quite sure what to look out for. She just assumed if she saw anyone, it was bad.
“Lady Destiny, wake up!” Meelix whispered, nudging her arm. “Destiny?”
“What’s wrong, Meelix?” she yawned.
“It’s Tahir. He’s been hurt. They locked him in the dungeon!”
“What? Who did this?” she was wide awake now.
“I don’t know. Can you free him?” 
“Of course! Come!” She quickly rose and marched past Ellic, with Meelix running to keep up. The three hurried through the castle and down to the dungeon where two guards stood watch.
“Open the door,” she commanded.
One guard quickly retrieved a key and unlocked the door. They descended the flight of stairs to find Tahir still chained up in his cell. She ran to the cell and flung the door open with a wave of her hand. With a nod, the chains fell to the ground and the log flew into the wall, setting Tahir free.
“What happened? Who did this?” she asked as she knelt beside him to examine his injuries.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he jerked away from her with tears in his eyes.
“Tell you what?”
“About my village! Did you think I’d never find out?”
“Find out what?” she yelled, rising to her feet. “I’ve spent the last three days with my father. You know that. What are you talking about?”
“It was Francis!” he yelled back, struggling to his feet. He used the wall to support himself as he walked the perimeter of the cell. “Francis and his army invaded my village! Killed my mother! When we met, I told you this happened and you—you didn’t say a word!”
“What? That’s not possible!”
“He had me arrested because he thinks I’m a spy! He told me. He said he was at war with ‘people like me!’”
“You think I had something to do with that?”
“No, but I think you knew about it.”
“Tahir, we are the same age, I was but a child, as were you. How could I—why would you think…”
“I know that things are not what I once thought,” he answered through his rage.
“Until you arrived, I knew of nothing outside these walls! You’ve seen how my father shelters me, how my brother hates me. Do you honestly believe they told me about any of this? Do you truly believe I would keep it from you if they had?”
Tahir stopped. He knew it was true, and he realized he was taking his anger out on the wrong person. Ellic and Meelix remained silent, discretely watching the conversation. 
“I-I’m sorry, I don’t believe that. I just…I don’t know.”
“I know.”
Tahir outstretched his arm and let her come to him. She embraced him gently, trying not to touch his wounds or cause him further pain. He rested his head on her shoulder and she ran her fingertips through his hair. Ellic and Meelix remained silent, but nodded to each other.
“Now, this is interesting,” Francis’ loud voice boomed into the cell. He sneered from the doorway where several guards stood behind him.
“Francis! How dare you!” She pulled away from Tahir, unintentionally leaving him to fall to his knee, and stormed toward her half-brother. Ellic and Meelix scurried behind her as she confronted the prince.
“How dare he touch the King’s daughter? Even if she is a monstrous beast.” He glared at her in disgust. “I shall have him executed for this treachery! Guards!”
“Stand down!” she ordered the guards. “Anyone who dares to lay a hand on my husband will suffer!”
The guards froze. Under normal circumstances they obeyed the prince, as he was the older of the siblings and heir to the throne. But most of the guards remembered Destiny’s childhood and knew that her temper tantrums could be extremely dangerous. Those who did not remember were reminded when her wings expanded from beneath her cape and her eyes turned into flaming embers. The room instantly became cold enough to see their breath. Mist rose from the ground beneath her.
“Leave us,” Francis ordered the guards, never taking his eyes from Destiny. When they were young, he managed to intimidate her and instill enough fear that she wouldn’t dare use her magic against him. He hoped he still commanded that fear. 
“Did I hear you correctly, Sister?” He approached in his typical arrogant manner. “Have you brought even more shame to our family by marrying this…son of a merchant, no doubt? And now you proudly display your deformity? This will kill our father for sure!”
“And you can’t wait for that, can you? All you’ve ever cared about was the crown, and making me feel less than I am. But I’m not a child anymore. You do not intimidate me. You will not touch Tahir, or any of my guests. And as for Father, do you really think I would marry without his blessing? He is happy for us.”
“This is not over, Demon. The time will soon come when I will no longer be forced to tolerate your filth.” With a snarl, Francis stormed out of the dungeon.
Tahir waited until he was long gone before speaking, “I thought you were exaggerating when you told me how much he hated you.”
“No.” She wiped at the tears welling up in her eyes. “Unfortunately I was not. Come, we can deal with Francis later. We need to get you taken care of.”
“I must talk to Demetrius,” Tahir said, as Destiny helped him to his feet. Meelix helped her wrap his naked body in the blanket she wore to stave off the constant chill of the castle.
“Alexander has been staying at the stone pillars,” Meelix relayed. “I’m not sure about Demetrius.”
“He disappeared yesterday, and Kraven vanished days ago,” Ellic added, creeping from behind Destiny. “The storm is getting stronger. I don’t know where they would have gone.”
Tahir nodded. They decided it best if they stayed in the tree house, just in case Francis or his guards attempted another attack. To their knowledge, most were unaware of the small tree house and its location in the forest. Oraden greeted them, annoyed that he had once again been left out of the excitement. Destiny flew Tahir up to their bed, leaving Ellic and Meelix to explain to Oraden all that transpired while they heated water and made sure she had an ample supply. She meticulously cleaned the shredded flesh that was Tahir’s back and the gash in his head. She left his side only long enough to check on her father.
With Destiny’s attentive care, Tahir was able to fight off infections and regain his strength. The days were given to healing and resting and waiting anxiously for the time to come. Alexander, Kraven and Demetrius were nowhere in sight, but neither was Francis. Gavin finally sobered up enough to be of assistance and put them through practice drills while they waited. They tried to keep themselves busy, but the waiting was nerve-wracking.
Each day the skies grew darker, until it was almost impossible to distinguish night from day. The winds too, grew more furious with each passing day; and as always, blew toward the black clouds. As the storm grew stronger, Francis was temporarily forgotten.
Demetrius, Alexander and Kraven finally returned; this time though, there were no warm greetings, no idle chatter. Alexander and Kraven unloaded bundles and sacks. Demetrius ordered everyone close to be heard over the howling winds.
“The hour is at hand, friends,” Demetrius shouted over the wind. “Take these effects. They are hand crafted by the dwarves, forged from mithril. You will never hold or wear weapons and armor as light and strong and beautiful as these. If they cannot protect you, nothing on this earth can. Carry them with confidence. Quickly now!”
Gavin assisted them in putting on their armor as Alexander and Kraven distributed them. Though Tahir knew there was a bigger battle at hand, his thoughts crept back to why Demetrius and Alexander allowed his village to be destroyed. Over the last few days, he and Destiny discussed the possibilities at length. He agreed to put his problems aside until Artemisios was defeated, but seeing them again rekindled his anger. Alexander’s cold stare met his as he handed him the new weapons.
“A single-edged curved blade,” Alexander said as he unsheathed the sword. “Perfectly balanced. The curve allows you to sheathe and unsheathe with ease from the back of a horse, or unicorn for that matter. It should look familiar; it is common to the peoples of your native land.” He returned the scimitar to its sheath. “I gave you a similar weapon before you left your village. Do you still have it?”
Tahir shook his head.
“To become a knight in England is an admirable goal, but it need not force you to abandon your heritage. Take these weapons and fight well; if we fail, you will not be the only one to have lost their home and family.” As he dressed Tahir in his armor, Alexander spoke to him in his typically quiet voice; yet Tahir could hear him perfectly despite the thunder and wind. “There is much in this world you do not understand, Tahir. Today, we have a common enemy, a powerful enemy that needs our full attention. Channel whatever anger you are harboring into defeating Artemisios. Once the dust has settled, we can address whatever conflicts you have with Demetrius and myself. Until then, we need your mind to be on the present, or we do not need you. Can you concentrate on the task at hand?”
Tahir breathed deeply, adjusting to the weight of the armor. It was surprisingly light and fit his body perfectly. He looked down at the breastplate, beautifully cast to look muscular. The thin coat of bronze contrasted with his black oxidized pauldrons and greaves, and was polished to such a high gloss he could see his reflection in the simulated muscles. He raised his head to return Alexander’s gaze.
“I can do that.” He pulled on his black, leather gauntlets, flexing his fingers to make sure he could still handle his bow.
Alexander nodded his approval, slapping him on the pauldron a couple of times before moving on to the next person. Demetrius watched the exchange, and nodded his approval.
None of them ever wore armor before, except Tahir, who had worn castoff armor made to fit someone else. Although they couldn’t fully appreciate the detail and quality, Gavin could. He marveled at the elaborate decorations, the perfection of the seams and stitches, the sharpness of the blades. It was far superior to anything the Kingdom’s best artisans ever created. Oraden and Ellic were given armor designed to protect their faces, chests and shins. The dwarves even fashioned a harness for Meelix’s hands so he would have a secure hold onto Ellic. 
They flexed and twisted, testing the response of the armor and the weight of their swords. Each bow was tailored to fit their various arm lengths; every arrow painstakingly crafted to perfection.
Although Demetrius knew they were all terrified to face Artemisios, he could sense their pride and excitement. Demetrius and Kraven suited up in their armor as well, but Alexander preferred none. He was the strongest and most experienced fighter amongst them. He preferred to fight as he was born: a wolf, with his thick fur to protect him and his teeth as weapons. Demetrius refused to carry any sword other than his father’s. He held it up to his face and said a quick, silent prayer. He hated war, and he hated fighting, but there were no other options.
“We’ve no time to waste,” Demetrius sheathed his sword. “Our strategy is complex. Attack hard and fast with sword, arrow and fire. Each blade has a different toxin, collected from the far corners of the earth. Alone they are virtually harmless, but together, mixed in the blood, they produce a spell strong enough to take down the most powerful of creatures. Artemisios will be destroyed.
“Each of you must attack with sword or arrow, at least once. Here Ellic, drink this,” he tossed Meelix a vial. “Your fire—in one, and only one, blast—will be poison to Artemisios. Once everyone has made their attack, our focus will be to protect Tahir at all costs.
Under their armor and stern demeanors, they each itched to turn and look into their friends’ eyes.
“Tahir, you have twelve arrows, two treated with each of our four poisons, in a larger and more concentrated dose. Only after everyone else has attacked, including yourself with sword, you must attack Artemisios with each arrow. All twelve must hit their mark. You cannot miss, not even once.
“As for everyone else, it is essential we protect Tahir and keep Artemisios’ focus away from him. We will not have the aid of the Gnites as we originally planned, so it is up to us to protect him. After that, Kraven, Alexander, Destiny and I will know what to do.
“I cannot stress the importance of our success enough. We cannot fail. Does everyone understand? Come, we ride!” He didn’t wait for a response.
They quickly mounted unicorn, horses and dragon. leaving Gavin behind, they raced through villages and towns, forests and plains, directly into the eye of the storm. 
Chapter Twenty-Seven
A R T E M I S I O S
Destiny, Demetrius and Kraven dismounted and let the horses flee to safety. The three wizards shielded their eyes from the violent wind and blowing debris as they walked into the clearing where the towering stone pillars stood. The torrential rain turned the ground to muck and drenched them to the bone.
Tahir, still atop Oraden, unsheathed his sword. Fighting the brutal weather, they entered the ring of stones with Alexander on silent paws behind them. Ellic had long ago landed, unable to fly in such extreme conditions. She dug her claws into the ground and struggled to keep her wings tight to her body for fear of being blown away.
Within the circle, lightening struck and wind whipped, creating a vortex that pulled them inward. They struggled to stand their ground and keep their distance from the lightning.
Tahir squinted through the cyclone. As he waited for Artemisios to appear, his mind raced back to Demetrius’ instructions. First with sword, and then with every arrow; twelve arrows. It didn’t seem possible. But he must not fail.
The wind’s increasing velocity soon had them all holding on to the giant stones to keep from being snatched away. Demetrius knelt beside Ellic and held onto her, anchoring her light frame and broad wings. If the wind took her, she’d likely suffer broken wings or worse, and surely Meelix would be lost. Demetrius feared the worst for his brave friends.
Destiny positioned herself between Oraden and one of the giant rocks. Tahir wrapped one arm around her and clutched Oraden’s mane with the other. She was probably as safe as one could be given the circumstances.
The earth trembled beneath them. Lightning pierced the ground in the center of the cyclone. Electricity crackled; the light was blinding. Tahir blinked against the black spots impeding his vision. There was movement dead center. It appeared to be a figure, stretching up from the ground. Eerie laughter rose over the receding echoes of the lightening strike. The cyclone dissipated; the rain and wind with it. 
Before them stood an incredibly handsome, tall man with dark hair and eyes. He stood naked, flexing his fingers and moving his body, smiling an arrogant smile. He noticed his observers but paid them no attention. With a flick of his wrist, and a flash of light, he was clothed in the most beautiful garments. Velvet and silks in rich colors accented with gold trim. The robes of the scholars of Atlantis had not been seen for thousands of years. 
From the corner of his eye, Tahir noticed Destiny ogling and shot her a look that caused her to blush.
What? She sent to his mind with a guilty smile.
Alexander raced toward Artemisios. The ancient sorcerer turned to face his attacker and released a laugh that sent chills down Tahir’s spine. Following Alexander’s lead, the others charged Artemisios, weapons drawn. Alexander leapt toward the sorcerer, instantly teleporting to come at him from behind. Without losing momentum, he crashed into the sorcerer’s back, sending Artemisios stumbling into the mud with Alexander’s claws scythed through flesh and muscle. Blood splattered on the wolf as he mauled Artemisios. When the sorcerer tore free and regained his footing, Alexander disappeared again to ready himself for another maneuver.
Demetrius attacked with his sword. As soon as the tainted blade pierced Artemisios’ flesh, Demetrius teleported away to allow Alexander’s second attack. The wolf leapt through the smoke where Demetrius stood an instant ago. He gouged Artemisios’ eyes and ripped his chest and throat with his poisoned fangs. His job was done. Now he would just keep Artemisios’ attention so the others could complete their missions.
The sorcerer, using nothing more than a thought and an occasional flick of the wrist, managed to counter each of his assailant’s attacks. He sent Alexander flying into one of the stone pillars. The wolf resumed his attack without hesitation.
Kraven, meanwhile, watched from a distance, hypnotized by Artemisios’ power.
Ellic and Meelix flew in quickly. The Dracara torched Artemisios with her precious, toxic flames. Meelix fired arrow after arrow; six found their mark in the sorcerer’s back.
With the slightest movement, the ancient sorcerer extinguished the flames. Then, his mind turned to eliminating the pests. It was as though a giant, invisible hand grabbed the young Dracara’s tail, spun her violently and hurled her and her passenger from view. Meelix’s miniature arrows; protruding from either side of his spine, were now put to his own use.
The arrows pulled free from Artemisios’ flesh and honed in on Destiny. He chuckled as he watched her flee the possessed arrows, darting between pillars and performing every acrobatic stunt she could muster to escape her pursuers. He had only a moment’s pleasure however, before Demetrius and Alexander cast lightning and fire in his direction. His enjoyment turned to annoyance as he calmly raised his hands; one stopped their attacks, the other sent lightning to rival Demetrius’ own.
As Demetrius struggled against Artemisios’ lightning bolts, Tahir and Oraden galloped over the muddy ground, dodging Alexander’s ball lightning attacks. Artemisios smiled as the two approached; he redirected his as well as Demetrius’ lightning toward the galloping heroes. Alexander, always anticipating a counter attack, whisked his two allies away, positioning them on Artemisios’ opposite side. Although surprised by the teleportation, Tahir successfully completed his attack, slashing Artemisios’ shoulder with his sword.
Artemisios grunted, his face distorting with pain and annoyance. With a wave of his hand, the gaping wound closed and the frayed golden fabric of his robe mended itself. 
“How long shall this pathetic display continue?” he rolled his eyes. “Diakonos igiera!” he called, raising his hands.
The earth trembled and wailed. The mud swirled and convulsed as it came to life, or rather, as creatures came to life from it. Artemisios stood calmly, straightening his clothing and removing a few stray arrows, all but ignoring his vile mud creations and the confused observers. The grotesque mudmen stretched and moaned as they took various shapes.
Deciding it best to attack before the mudmen gained full strength; Alexander summoned the power of the rain to blast the largest of them with a powerful stream of water. The mudman staggered, still as solidly ominous as it had been. Instead of turning the creature to splatter, the water pressure simply rinsed it off, revealing a gigantic, three-headed dog. Alexander cocked his head in surprise. The black dog loomed above him and barked madly with all three heads. His thick mane consisted of dozens of snakes that hissed and danced around his neck. 
“Cerberus,” Alexander sighed. Now it was his turn to be annoyed.
“And Minotaur,” Demetrius pointed out as he rinsed the other creatures.
The Minotaur snorted and stomped its bovine feet, then lowered its giant bull head to charge. Within moments, the team had their hands full, battling a cornucopia of monsters from ancient Greece: Chimera, Medusa, Harpies, Cerberus, Hydra and the Minotaur.
Artemisios smiled with satisfaction at the chaos he created. Abruptly, he willed himself to the sky. Destiny abandoned her battle with Cerberus and took flight in pursuit of the sorcerer. Her eyes glowed as she blasted him with dark energy. He staggered in the air. Stunned, he shook his head, and then turned to face his attacker.
“Impressive,” he commented.
“I’m not interested in impressing you,” she snarled through gritted teeth. 
Artemisios smiled. Finally, an opponent worthy of his full attention. He thought, admiring her strange features.
“Now, this is interesting. I don’t believe we have been properly introduced. I am Artemisios. Atlantean. Sorcerer. Son of Sphinx. And you are…”
“Not interested in anything you have to say.” She hurtled another blast at him.
“…the daughter of a god, no doubt,” he continued, deftly neutralizing the attack. “And as such, you belong on the arm of a god. Why do you waste your time with these imbeciles?”
She attacked with everything she had; which unfortunately, was not much in comparison to his arsenal. He easily deflected each of her strikes, but offered none in retaliation.
“It is obvious you stand no chance of defeating me,” he told her calmly. “How old are you? Do you even understand what you are? What you are capable of? Shall we stop these silly theatrics so we can have a civilized conversation?”
“I would just as soon spit upon you than speak with the likes of you!”
“For thousands of years I’ve slept, and the moment my eyes open, you attack. I gather you’ve read a few stories about me? Perhaps the little Dracara has spun a few tales? That is enough for you to think you have the right to condemn me?” he shook his head. “How…human.”
She pondered his words but continued her attack.
“No one you know was alive when I was imprisoned. Have you ever considered the possibility that perhaps some truths have been…distorted? Forgotten? Misinterpreted? Or, that maybe you’ve just been lied to? Has this thought never occurred to you? Have you never wondered why, or even if, I did whatever it is you despise me for? You would be wise to give me an opportunity. There is much I have to offer.”
“You have nothing I want.”
“Nonsense. I’m sure there’s something.” 
A small twinkle caught his eye: the talisman hanging from a chain around her neck. He reached out and telekinetically snatched it. In his hand, the corrosion and dirt that hid its beauty instantly melted away. Beneath the dark sky, the ruby inlayed within the gold, sparkled so brightly it seemed to glow. “How much do you know about Eris, your mother? Don’t look so surprised, you look just like her. I imagine she gave you this?”
The battle raged on below them. The Minotaur was amazingly fast despite its square bulk. Oraden struggled to outrun it as it charged him. Even at full gallop, it was gaining on him. Tahir realized that the Minotaur wasn’t agile and couldn’t easily change directions during a full-out charge. 
“Oraden, make him run into the big rocks!”
“What? How?” he yelled over all the commotion.
“Follow my lead,” he ordered. Using his mane as reins, Tahir steered Oraden toward the stone pillars. Although it wasn’t something they practiced, it didn’t take Oraden long to figure out what Tahir wanted him to do. They galloped around the stones with the Minotaur snorting on their heels. Cutting between the rocks put more space between them and the barreling monster.
“Alright, stop!” Tahir demanded. Oraden obeyed but his muscles quivered with the urge to run. Tahir stroked his friend’s neck to calm them both. While the Minotaur thundered toward them Oraden inched into position.
“Now!” Tahir screamed.
Oraden’s sprint took them out of the Minotaur’s path, but not before one of its horns sliced through the unicorn’s flank. Oraden stumbled, nearly throwing Tahir from his back. As expected, the Minotaur couldn’t change directions quickly; it crashed head-on into the stone pillar, cracking it all the way through. The beast hesitated, stunned. Before it could recover, the pillar came crashing down; the Minotaur disappeared under the debris.
“Good thinking, Tahir!” Oraden neighed in delight as they turned to face the next monster. Just then, a loud ruckus caused them to look back. They stared in disbelief as the Minotaur burst free of the wreckage. It snorted and stamped its feet, ready to charge again.
“Oh, brilliant,” Oraden snorted, “that worked perfectly.”
“Shut up!”
Above their heads, Meelix and Ellic battled the fire-breathing Chimera. Her goat body, lion head, serpent tail, and feathered wings made her, by far, the strangest creature of them all. Odd as she was, Meelix found her to be beautiful, even if she was giving Ellic the fight of her life. Meelix silently thanked the dwarves for the harness as Chimera chased them through the sky, blowing fire at every opportunity. As if Chimera weren’t a big enough challenge, the harpies—giant birds with heads of women—flew about cackling hysterically and randomly assaulting them. Meelix wanted to attack with his bow, but feared he would fall if he let go of Ellic for even a moment.
Oraden stood his ground, horn and eyes glowing bright blue, like nothing else in nature, as the axe-wielding Minotaur charged. Rising on his hind legs, Oraden kicked the air and neighed his own magic spell. He brought his feet down with thunderous force, causing the earth to tremble and crack. The charging beast tumbled into the opening. A curtain of light burst from the chasm into the sky, scorching one of the screaming harpies. The large bird-woman fell to the ground. Ellic just barely pulled away from the burning light.
“Oraden!” Meelix and Ellic scolded in unison.
Oraden ignored their complaint and charged the recovering Minotaur. Sheathing his sword, Tahir used his telekinesis to snatch the beast’s fallen axe as it struggled to pull itself free of the mud and away from the gaping hole in the ground. The weight of the axe was far more than Tahir anticipated and he was knocked from Oraden’s back. Oraden rolled his eyes as he kicked and stomped the scrambling Minotaur. 
Ellic, Meelix and Chimera climbed higher and higher. Ellic was determined that she would not flee from this inferior creature, nor would she be defeated. The two collided, clawing and gnawing each other as they spiraled out of control in the sky.
Meelix no longer knew which way was up. Inspired by Ellic’s determination, he pulled his spear out of its holster and climbed up— or actually, down—Ellic’s neck. Slipping in the blood oozing from the Dracara’s neck, he almost lost his grip. Looking up to gain a better hold, he realized he was actually looking down and they were plummeting head-first toward the ground. Dodging the snarling teeth, he carefully transferred himself over to Chimera’s back. Preoccupied with the struggle, she didn’t appear to notice him.
Being small has its advantages after all, he thought as he climbed down to her face. He hesitated for only a moment, and then plunged the spear into her neck. Meelix wrenched the spear back and forth, back and forth, severing a vital artery. She roared and lashed her long tail toward her face in an unsuccessful attempt to swipe Meelix off. She wrenched free from Ellic’s claws and belched fire in the young Dracara’s face.
“Ellic! Help!” Meelix screamed as Chimera soared straight up into the sky. Ellic quickly regained her bearings and gave chase.
“Look at them, they are pathetic!” Artemisios chuckled, flipping Destiny’s talisman over his knuckles like a coin. “Yes, I knew your mother, long ago. She is a beautiful woman, a characteristic you share. I could tell you all about her. Do you know how to find her?”
Destiny’s brows furrowed. She halted her attack. “You know where she is?” she finally asked, her guard completely down now.
“She isn’t hard to find if you know where to look. With the right magic, the entire world is at your fingertips. Who is teaching you? The wolf? That gnome?” he laughed. “They know nothing and they keep secrets from you. Leave these weaklings. I can give you true power. I can teach you what you can really do. I can offer you the world…”
“It isn’t yours to give.”
“Not yet, but it will be. On that day you can either stand beside me as a goddess, or kneel before me as a slave.”
“I will stand over your lifeless body and watch your detestable soul flung into damnation!” she screamed, and then resumed her attack.
While the others struggled, Alexander made quick work of Cerberus. He had no desire to waste time fighting peons when there was a sorcerer to be destroyed. At his command, lightning struck the drooling dog, ending its role in the battle.
Demetrius had Hydra under control. The nine-headed serpent appeared to be trapped in a telekinetic bubble, suffocating on its own poisonous breath. Kraven had his hands full fighting Medusa with his eyes closed, but was holding his ground. Oraden and Tahir, on the other hand, were still struggling with the Minotaur. The two of them were trying to push the beast into the chasm Oraden created, but the Minotaur was intent on dragging at least one of them with him.
Alexander leapt over the chasm, switching to human form in midair. He freed Tahir from the Minotaur’s grasp and teleported him a distance away. The frenzied beast struggled to pull himself to safety, but Alexander was not going to allow that. Once Oraden and Tahir were out of danger, he fired a blast that sent the Minotaur into the depths of the abyss. With a wave of his hand, the ruptured ground began to heal itself.
“Destiny and Kraven have yet to make their attacks,” Alexander explained as he watched the chasm close. “I will assist them now. Until then, it wouldn’t kill you to exercise some caution. On the contrary, it may kill you both not to.”
Oraden and Tahir nodded their understanding, turned invisible and galloped away. Alexander watched them only for a moment before casting his sapphire eyes upward to where Artemisios toyed with Destiny. He took to the sky as a griffin.
Kraven’s patience with Medusa was growing thin. She was loathsome, repulsive and unskilled, but she was quick. Without being able to look at her, he was finding it incredibly difficult to land an attack. How Demetrius was able to move around, let alone fight without the use of his eyes was beyond him. His thoughts were interrupted when something warm and moist landed on him, followed by the cackling laughter of the harpies. He wiped at his head and looked up into the sky with disgust as he realized the harpies were defecating on him.
“You wretched, vile abominations!”
Ignoring Medusa, he attempted to rise to meet his assailants, but the snake-headed woman had no intention of letting him go. She wrapped her serpentine tail around his waist, trying to force him to look at her.
“Sykonomai!” he cried, casting his own spell.
With his eyes averted, he elbowed the repulsive woman’s face and jerked free of her grasp. The mudman he summoned took shape and back-handed Medusa, sending her sprawling. When the giant scooped the snake woman up in his massive hands, he gazed into her hideous face. He was instantly cast to stone. And she, imprisoned in his rigid arms, was locked in a death grip; the life slowly squeezed from her. Kraven straightened his cloak and wiped his hands before returning his focus to the Harpies.
I should have thought of that sooner. Kraven thought as he telekinetically grabbed one of the harpies, ripped off her wings and slammed her into the ground. One by one they died grotesque deaths, lying amongst severed body parts and in pools of their own blood. Then he casually directed the rain to shower the feces from his body. When he commanded it to still, it formed a thin sheet of water that served as a mirror. Looking at his reflection, he put his hair and clothing back in place.
“I like your style,” Artemisios interrupted, momentarily taking his attention from Destiny and Alexander.
“And, I yours,” Kraven replied, dismissing the mirror and unsheathing his sword. “But unfortunately this is where the pleasantries end.”
“Ah, yes. You think you can kill me, correct?”
“Well, I suppose you could decide to retire to a peaceful life in a cottage in the woods. Or perhaps become a teacher?”
“Quite unlikely.”
Alexander exhaled an impatient sigh as Artemisios and Kraven continued their egotistical banter. Destiny took advantage of the distraction to fire an arrow.
“Come now, Destiny. You can do better than that.” The sorcerer pulled the arrow from his back and dropped it to the ground. The flesh instantly healed itself. “I expect as much from a gnome, but you should know better.”
“Meelix!” Ellic screamed as she chased Chimera and fought against her rising panic. If she attacked her outright, Meelix would surely be injured; but if she didn’t act fast, she risked Chimera tossing the gnome to his death. So she stayed on her, hoping to get close enough for Meelix to climb back on to her. Chimera’s erratic flight pattern worked in Ellic’s favor and she began gaining on her.
Chimera dove and flipped wildly in every direction, trying to use the turbulence to shake the little tyrant from her mane. Meelix put his whole body into every thrust of his miniature spear and stabbed her neck as rapidly as he had seen woodpeckers go at a dead tree. A stream of blood flowed in her wake.
She was getting weaker and more desperate. Ellic had to act fast. In a gambit move, she chomped on her serpentine tail and jerked backwards, stopping her dead in the air and catapulting Meelix overhead. Ellic spat out her tail and dove after Meelix as Chimera dropped to the earth.
“ELLIC!” Meelix screamed, as he tumbled in the sky; the ground rapidly spiraling toward him. As carefully as she could, Ellic plucked her small friend from the air with her teeth.
Unable to pull up in time, Dracara and gnome plowed directly into an invisible Oraden and Tahir, toppling them both and sending all four rolling in the mud.
“You’re a lot heavier than you look, Ellic,” Tahir said.
“Are any of your plans going to work today, Tahir?” Oraden rose to his feet and shook the mud from his coat, splattering them all.
“Good catch! Both of you. All three of you,” Meelix gasped, wiping mud from his face.
They regained their footing on the slippery ground and surveyed the battlefield.
“I think she’s dead,” Meelix spoke quietly, staring at Chimera’s motionless body. “I think I killed her.”
“Well, if you hadn’t, she probably would have killed you,” Tahir explained. “Come on, our fight isn’t over.”
Meelix mounted Ellic and the two returned to the sky to face Artemisios.
Oraden and Tahir stood cloaked in protective invisibility watching the wizards, Dracara and gnome attack with everything they had. Alexander appeared to take the brunt of the attacks, moving in close, letting the others attack from afar. Even still, they were all getting their fair share of burns and bruises.
What are you waiting for? Tahir heard Destiny’s voice in his mind.
I didn’t see Kraven attack.
Well, he did. How long do you think we can keep this up?
Tahir quickly loaded his first arrow and took aim. Thankfully, the rain and wind calmed down considerably; he should have no problem hitting his mark. He smiled to himself as he released the first arrow and watched it sail directly into Artemisios’ torso. Demetrius and Alexander intensified their attacks when the arrow struck. Kraven and Destiny followed their lead.
The sorcerer hardly responded to the sting of an arrow. But after a few more, Artemisios’ face contorted with pain and he struggled to stay upright. He ripped the arrows from his flesh to examine them. They were too large to be coming from the gnome. He looked everywhere but couldn’t discover their source.
“Keep attacking!” Demetrius ordered.
Tahir fired again and again in rapid succession. Each arrow hit its mark. The others pelted Artemisios with fire, lightning bolts, arrows and telekinetic blasts.
Arrow by arrow, Artemisios’ power was diminishing. No longer just listing and drifting, he was descending and was being hit from all directions. Unfamiliar with defeat, he didn’t recognize it until it was too late to simply destroy them, or summon more creatures to come to his aid.
He continued to fire as many blasts as he could muster while desperately searching for the origin of the life-draining arrows. They were all coming from below, he realized. Although he saw no one, someone had to be there. But they wouldn’t be for long, he vowed.
Artemisios landed without injury and focused on finding his invisible attacker. The others continued their barrage from above. At ground level, he couldn’t help but notice the mud splashing about, seemingly on its own. He watched the dancing mud, and sure enough, an arrow materialized coming straight at him. Blinded by another bolt of lightning, he could neither evade nor destroy the arrow; instantly, he felt more power sucked from him. He fell to his knee, barely able to move, his head swimming; he had to stop those arrows.
“Bythizo!”
Two arrows left. Tahir steadied his bow, exhaled and released—
Oraden reared up, neighing. The arrow flew awry: upwards over Artemisios’ head.
“No!” Tahir screamed.
Oraden kicked and bucked wildly, struggling against the ground which came alive to swallow them.
While Tahir and Oraden fought the sinking earth for freedom, Meelix and Ellic darted after the stray arrow. They had to catch it before it hit the ground and dispersed its magic into the earth. Ellic flew as fast as her wings would take her.
The arrow was descending; Ellic stretched her neck as far as it would go. Battered by the wind, Meelix crawled up the Dracara’s sleek neck and over her head to get into position on the long snout. The arrow was gliding downward just over his head. They were so close.
He inched toward the tip of Ellic’s nose, glancing down to see how much farther out he could go. Beneath him there was no more snout and no more sky. Ellic was flying too low. He dove just as she slid face first into the quicksand. Meelix reached toward the heavens, flying parallel to the ground. He felt the smooth wooden shaft glide through his fingers and quickly clenched his fist. 
“I caught the arrow! I caught the arrow!” His smiling face plowed into the quicksand. He held the arrow up as he skidded and tumbled to a stop. He jerked himself up, triumphantly waving the arrow over his head. Ellic’s smiling canines sparkled beneath her muddy face.
“Great job, Meelix, but we have to get that arrow to Tahir before I sink!”
“You won’t sink, Ellic, I’ve been in quicksand before,” Meelix explained. He swam over to Ellic and climbed onto her back. “Just swim, like you’re in water. And stay calm!”
Ellic used her tail and webbed feet to propel herself in the quicksand. She slithered slowly at first. Soon she realized it was like swimming in water. Actually, it was easier to float. The way she slithered reminded Meelix of the crocodiles on the Nile—barely visible in the quicksand, only her nostrils, eyes, and a few rows of spikes on her back broke the surface. Ellic quickly returned to the action with Meelix on her back.
Artemisios was so busy attacking and defending, he didn’t notice the little man and the muddy Dracara slithering behind him. But Tahir did, and he saw the wayward arrow in Meelix’s hand. He silently rejoiced and unsheathed his final arrow. Trapped in the quicksand, Oraden buried to his neck, Tahir to his waist, and completely visible, he knew he had to time this arrow perfectly.
Alexander focused his attention on protecting Tahir and Oraden, who now became Artemisios’ primary targets. The others kept attacking. They also saw Meelix and Ellic approaching and fully intended to keep Artemisios from noticing.
Meelix jumped from Ellic’s back and landed in the small circle of dry land where Artemisios stood. Holding the arrow like a spear, he jammed it as hard as he could into Artemisios’s leg. The sorcerer roared in pain and dropped once again to his knees. Tahir released the final arrow; it penetrated Artemisios’ heart. The final dose of venom pumped through his veins. Demetrius, Alexander, Kraven and Destiny circled the fallen sorcerer and began the magical chant that would destroy him forever. The sky grew dark again, the four wizards’ eyes glowed and the Earth moaned. Meelix slowly backed away from Artemisios, stumbling backwards into the quicksand.
Artemisios convulsed and gurgled as their chants became louder. His body unraveled. Like confetti, the ribbons of flesh and clothing scattered into the air. They burst into little pieces, glowing and taking on a life of their own. Thousands of tiny shimmering balls of light danced from where the bones of Artemisios’ body lay.
The lights spiraled into the sky, sparkling and singing songs that only Oraden could hear. His horn glowed a brilliant white, drawing a few of the fairies to him like moths to a flame. He closed his eyes and swayed as he listened to them sing about Artemisios’ defeat before they swirled back into the sky and faded from view.
“It’s over,” Demetrius announced when the last of the fairies disappeared and the glow from his eyes and Oraden’s horn faded. “He is gone forever; his knowledge and power dispersed into the fairies where it belongs.”
Destiny walked over to the spot where Artemisios once stood. She stooped and picked up the shining talisman. How would Tahir be in possession of something that once belonged to her mother? She wished she had more time to speak with Artemisios. There was still so much she wanted to know. She glanced at Demetrius. Yes, she and Tahir would have a talk with the wizard. But not today. Today, they would celebrate. She returned the talisman to its place around her neck.
Demetrius surveyed the damage. Meelix, Ellic, Oraden and Tahir were stuck in quicksand, but smiling proudly, nonetheless. Kraven’s stone mudman, half sunken in the quicksand, still tightly clutched Medusa’s dead body. The other fallen beasts, were slowly sinking into the abyss. He outstretched his hands and his friends slowly levitated above the quicksand. Once they were freed, he commanded the quicksand to swallow the corpses. Once the creatures were entombed, the ground solidified and he gently lowered his friends. All signs of Artemisios was gone. The dark clouds that plagued the sky for months were already dissipating, finally allowing the sun to break through once more.
Demetrius and Alexander watched proudly as Oraden, Tahir, Destiny, Meelix and Ellic celebrated: laughing, hugging, waving their weapons and dancing about.
Thunderous roars carried across the distance.
Alexander’s wolf-ears perked, deciphering the sound. “Xanderick is victorious,” he relayed.
“Yes,” Demetrius agreed. “Darios, too.”
Alexander raised his head to the sky and howled triumphantly.
They made their way back to the castle, accompanied by trumpet blasts from the centaurs, roars of Dracara and other victory calls as one by one, The Twelve fell at the hands of the chosen.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
G O O D B Y E
In the months following the battle, Destiny remained at her father’s bed side. The kingdom’s best doctors were summoned, each trying his best remedies, to no avail. Over and over, Destiny pleaded with Demetrius, “If any magic can heal him, use it.” But Demetrius knew it was not his place to heal the dying, and that he could only postpone the inevitable. History must run its course and no mortal could live forever. Destiny understood, but watching her father suffer for so long was excruciating.
Tahir remembered watching his father become sick when he was young. He knew how hard it was. He knew the number of days Destiny had left with her father were few. His mother was never quite the same after his father died. The sadness and loneliness overwhelmed her, overwhelmed them both. Watching the toll his father’s death took on his mother was even more difficult than watching his father slowly waste away. He knew he couldn’t save King Robert, but he would do everything in his power to keep Destiny from slipping into the shadows of desolation as his mother did.
He sat in the large window, his usual spot, looking out over the landscape. In these warm months, the heavy drapery was removed so King Robert could get the benefit of fresh air and sunlight. This seemed to lighten his spirits, even if only a little. Being a prisoner to his own bed seemed to be killing him as fast as the pneumonia.
“Go, fetch the scribe,” King Robert commanded his servant. His breathing was short, interrupted by fits of dry coughing. As the servant obediently left the room, Robert dragged himself up in his bed.
“Destiny,” his shaky hand reached out to caress her face. His thumb—not so accidentally—smudged her body paint. “Forgive me for making you wear this. I was only concerned for your safety.”
“I understand that, Father.”
“Remove it, and let me see your wings; not since you were a babe have I seen them.”
She dipped a cloth into the basin and wiped the paint from her face. Tahir leapt from the windowsill to help her remove the cape that constrained her wings; they stretched at least the length of a man. When she slid the veil from her head, her dark purple locks fell. Tahir lost his breath.
“I don’t know how you kept yourself hidden for so long. You are beautiful, just like your mother. Thank God you take your looks from her.” His laugh sent pain spiking through his chest and set off another fit of wracking coughs.
“You are a most handsome man. I would be honored to carry your resemblance,” she squeezed his hand.
“You have always been a good daughter; always my favoured child. Here to sit by my side in illness and to rejoice with me in good fortune.” He shifted his eyes to Tahir. “My sword and robe, Tahir.”
Destiny helped him to his feet and Tahir fetched his effects. Even with their help, the King had to pause for breath as he dressed in his robe and girdle. The servant returned with the scribe, Alexander and Demetrius in tow. He nodded to the two wizards as they entered.
“Good, you should be here to bear witness. Tahir,” he turned his attention to the young man standing before him. “For many years now you have been a loyal servant to my kingdom. You have guarded my castle walls, tended my stables, defended my villages, defeated an evil wizard and won the heart of my fairest daughter. Many nights I have stayed awake, wondering what will happen to her when I am gone, who will take care of her; I no longer have that worry. For this, I am especially grateful. All of these things you have done before becoming a knight, yet this is why you came to my country. I will deny your wish no longer. Take a knee, Tahir.”
Tahir’s enlarged eyes shifted between Destiny and King Robert with disbelief. Destiny had to gesture with her head for him to kneel before he shakily dropped to one knee before the King.
“By your loyalty, bravery and skill with sword and bow, you have earned the name: Sir Tahir al-Din.” He tapped Tahir on each shoulder with his sword. “As husband to my daughter, you have become my son; both titles I give you proudly. I only wish I could have attended your wedding, not being able to give my daughter away has been one of my greatest regrets. Rise, Sir Tahir. Congratulations.”
“Thank you, Sire.” his face beamed with joy and pride.
“Go now.” The King returned to his bed. “The day is yours; halt your mourning, for I am not dead yet. Go. Celebrate; have a banquet. I will pray to regain strength, that I might join you.”
Word traveled quickly of Tahir’s accolade with mixed reaction. Fear and hostility toward the moors continued growing, but in dreary times, cause for celebration was always welcomed. Besides, Tahir was not like the other knights and squires. While the view that ‘might makes right’ was held by many of the knights, Tahir took genuine interest in the problems of the peasants and townspeople he often guarded. Within the castle walls, among his peers, he may not have held a position of respect, but today they slapped his back and praised his good fortune. 
For the first time since Francis’ return, Tahir walked through the castle with his head held high. With Destiny on his arm, her features once again hidden under her costume, they half walked half skipped to their forest camp to share the fantastic news with Oraden, Meelix and Ellic.
 As was custom, Tahir suited up in his armor and demonstrated his skill, along with the other knights before the nobles and townspeople alike as a banquet was being prepared.
Although she was saddened by the empty seat where her father would normally sit to watch such events, Destiny shared her husband’s joy. The crowd applauded as Tahir and Oraden jousted and exhibited their skills in various martial games.
She couldn’t stop smiling as she watched them. Meelix cheered them on, jumping up and down on the handrail in front of her. He too wore his armor and carried his small sword so he would feel that he was officially part of the action. Ellic stood on her hind legs with her front claws digging into the rails and roared with joy for her friends’ accomplishments.
Tahir was by far the most majestic knight in the courtyard; so handsome and powerful in his elegant crimson cape and the black armor with polished bronze accents. He carried the silk scarf Destiny had once given him as a reward for helping her when he used to guard the castle. She knew he needed no prize, but she wanted him to have it. It seemed only yesterday that this man walked into her life and changed everything. Tied to the hilt of his scimitar; the scarf waved like a flag as he proudly swung the sword over his head. Oraden’s horn glowed brightly as he cantered, moving with speed and grace that deer would envy.  Gavin felt the pride of a father as he watched his former students parade with glee before the kingdom of his dearest friend.
Francis considered the knighting of Tahir an outrage. Surely in his illness his father had lost his mind. He wanted no part in such a foolish celebration. He knew it unwise to confront them; he bided his time, allowing them some latitude until the kingdom would finally be his.
It wasn’t long before Francis got his wish. A few weeks later, King Robert died with his family and friends around him. He felt no pain; Demetrius saw to that. Unfortunately, Demetrius could do nothing for Destiny’s.
She cried unrelentingly. Her father, alone, she came to rely upon; he who knew her secret as a child and loved her despite of it. She disappeared into the woods, leaving Francis in charge of the funeral arrangements. Tahir followed her to her hiding place.
A few days later, the kingdom mourned the loss of one of its favorite rulers: Followed by the welcoming of a new king: King Francis. He promised wealth, protection from the Muslims invading from the south, from the Vikings to the north, and a world of change. For the most part, he was a man of his word.
* * * * *
Tahir hunched over a desk, studying a map of the route to the Holy Land. He traced the Nile and approximated where Elysi and his village were located. According to this map, the Crusaders must have veered far off course to attack his village. Why? What would have driven them that far south? Even on horseback it would have taken weeks, maybe months, to travel such distance in the desert sun. Crossing the Sahara was difficult for horses and humans alike; without camels, without knowledge of how to find water, it would be nearly impossible. It didn’t make sense. He rubbed his chin as he pondered this new information. He needed answers.
He left the study with the map in hand. Ignoring the usual glares from the guards, and avoiding anyone who may give him a hard time, he searched for Alexander. He found him lying on the floor gnawing a bone. The wolf made no sign that he noticed Tahir approach.
“I’ve been studying a map,” he spoke over the sounds of the bone cracking. “The Templars would have had to travel many days away from the Holy Land to attack my village.”
“Indeed.”
“Why would they go to such lengths?”
“They wouldn’t.”
Alexander was obviously more interested in his bone than in having a conversation with him. Or, perhaps, there was something Alexander was intentionally withholding. He was getting a little tired of these wizards and their plotting. He grimaced at the sound of Alexander’s teeth grinding against the bone.
“Sir Tahir,” Demetrius patted him on the back as he entered the room. “I have heard that you have been spending a lot of time looking behind you. Makes it difficult to move forward if your eyes remain to your rear.”
Demetrius sat on the bench near Alexander, bent down and scratched the wolf’s ears.
“What’s bothering you, Tahir?”
“I want to know who destroyed my village, and why. I want to know why I was spared; why, if you could save me, you couldn’t save my mother.”
“Yes, yes.” Demetrius folded his arms across his chest, leaned back against the wall and stretched out his crossed ankles. He looked up as though the answer might be written on the ceiling.
“You think I had something to do with that massacre, don’t you?”
“Did you?”
“My only part in that day was sending Alexander to rescue you.”
“Why? Why was it so important to rescue me; to lead me to Elysi? Why was I, a child among a village of hundreds, worth rescuing while the others were not? Why were you watching me? And why couldn’t you save everyone? Surely you knew we were about to be attacked and by whom.”
Alexander laughed. “Do not be so arrogant; there are many under my careful eye: Oraden, Destiny, Kraven and many others you have not yet come to know. Demetrius and I are constantly on the move—teaching, searching, watching and battling. I was far from your village, but I came as soon as I heard of your situation.”
“Tahir,” Demetrius explained, “when we say we are watching, that does not necessarily mean we are always nearby, constantly on the lookout for this person. When you walked in the desert alone, Alexander never left your side because he knew you were sad and afraid. We weren’t sure who attacked, or if you were even the target and would possibly be attacked again. We needed to insure that you would get somewhere safe. Yes, you were still a child; you still needed someone to care for you and guide you. Before that, you had your mother and the elders of your village. You were relatively safe. You didn’t need our constant watch. We weren’t positive yet who you were, but we suspected something special. At that point, we merely checked in on you from time to time to see how you were developing and determine if you were worthy of our interest.
“Lady Destiny, too. She lived in a castle sheltered by her father and protected by guards. There was no need to stand by every hour of every day to guarantee her safety. Now, as such a powerful wizard, we had to make sure she wasn’t dabbling unintentionally in dark magic, or having problems controlling her power. A periodic visit, or glance with tunnel vision, was all that was required there. We knew there would come a time when we would have to take her from Robert and teach her, but we wanted her to have a normal life and as much time with her father as possible.”
“Oraden, on the other hand, was a completely different situation,” Alexander explained. “We knew exactly what a black unicorn was. Knew he needed to be protected at all costs. His adventure-seeking ways made that particularly difficult; for years, most of my time was spent keeping him far from those who would do him harm. By now you must understand how big of a target he is and why he needed so much of my attention.”
“You see,” Demetrius continued, “before your village was attacked, we had no reason to watch you so closely. Afterwards, things changed and we were much more cautious.”
“That makes sense, I guess,” Tahir shook his head. “But I thought you could see the future? I just don’t understand why you couldn’t prevent it.”
“That is a complex gift I have, Tahir.” Demetrius rubbed the back of his neck, thinking of how to explain. “Nowadays it requires nearly all of my concentration just to see where I’m walking. Aside from that, I only see what I am shown. Now, if I know to look for something, perhaps I will find it. Regrettably, I did not look for your future. Nothing was shown to me. I had no reason to be suspicious. You see, at that time, all I saw was a boy who showed signs of magic in his blood, therefore, some promise. There are thousands of people who show the same signs; we don’t watch them all. But I liked your character, your determination, and your dreams of becoming a knight. Those characteristics, combined with magic, typically make good wizards. I wanted to make sure you stayed on track, so I asked Alexander to keep an eye on you and see how you’d turn out. Being in such close proximity to Oraden, it wouldn’t be too difficult to stop in from time to time. Now, as for who is responsible for the attack, I have my theories, but I will not accuse anyone until I know for certain.”
“It is suspicious that I, alone was spared. I can’t help but think it was the work of magic.”
“You were wearing a talisman,” Alexander reminded him. “It may very well have been the only thing that kept you alive. By the time I got to you, all I could do was pray to the fairies that I’d find survivors.”
“Oraden is a very unique creature, with a unique magic, would you not agree?” Demetrius interrupted.
Tahir agreed, not really understanding what Oraden had to do with anything.
“It is not just his magic, and the fact that he is the rare black unicorn, that makes him unique. His curiosity, intellect, courage and thrill-seeking nature is absolutely unheard of in unicorns. Even in humans such characteristics are uncommon, and those who possess them are typically exalted as heroes. His personality, his magic and abilities; he was created for one purpose. Everything about him, and all of his experiences, are meant to prepare him to reach that goal, even if he doesn’t know what that goal is.” He paused for a moment, seemingly listening to something, but Tahir heard nothing. He returned his attention to Tahir.
“You are not unlike Oraden. You were spared because you have a special purpose. In time you will understand, this I assure you. When I heard of your village’s destruction I was deeply saddened. I too, have felt the pain of losing my village. I have heard my neighbors’ screams and smelled their burning flesh. For hundreds of years I have tried to push the memories from my mind, but it’s always there. Like you, I am a player in a larger game. As is Alexander.”
Alexander finally abandoned his bone and assumed human form. Demetrius handed him the extra cloak he carried for his shape-shifting companion.
“I was not yet old enough when I was taken from my mother to live with the Dracara,” he explained, as he covered himself and then sat on the bench. “I survived their ways and a harsh upbringing; it forged me into who I am today. I may have lost a life of hunting with a pack, running through forests relatively carefree, but there is much that I have gained. We do not choose our destiny, Tahir. Perhaps some may have that luxury, but not us.”
“We have all been pulled from our homes or lost our families at a young age; forced to carry larger burdens than most before we should have,” Demetrius sighed before continuing. “Though these experiences are difficult, painful, challenging at best, they are the elements that form us into what we are to become. The question you should ask is whether your path is already laid, or do you carve it with every step you take? Some things will be, regardless of what we do, because they are out of our control. Perhaps they are predestined, or perhaps merely coincidence. It is the way we respond that defines who we are.
“There is still a bigger fight before us, Tahir. Artemisios was just the beginning. The time to prove ourselves has yet to come. It won’t be long now before the fate of many is in your hands; hundreds of thousands will come to depend on you. I need to know that you are ready and that you trust us.”
During the silence, Tahir realized that with their combined powers, Alexander and Demetrius didn’t need to lie. If they say they aren’t to blame, he would believe them. If it wasn’t them, and it wasn’t the crusaders, then he wasn’t a traitor. But…“I have one more question,” He looked at them both. “If you had known, would you have saved my village and my mother?”
“I promise you this, Tahir: had I known, we would have stepped in to protect your village,” Demetrius said. “It was not destroyed by an army or natural disaster, but by the work of dark magic. And the wizards responsible for that will one day be tried and punished for their actions. It was not necessary for your mother to die, not for our plans.
“You were on the path of adventure, and would have made your way to Elysi and England without this tragedy to motivate you. We knew where you were headed; it was all you spoke of. When you were ready, we would have approached, probably in disguise, and led you away. Your village would be intact and your mother alive to welcome you home one day.”
Alexander nodded his agreement.
“I trust you. You can count on me,” Tahir spoke slowly, carefully, letting the words sink in. “I will do whatever is needed.”
“Good,” Demetrius smiled and rested his hand on Tahir’s shoulder. “The time has come.”
As if on cue, armored guards barreled down the stairway and burst into the room with weapons drawn.
“King Francis will see you now.”
Tahir looked at Demetrius and Alexander for understanding. The guards grabbed them and forced them through the castle to Francis’ office. Despite offering no resistance, the guards kept weapons trained on them the entire way. Throughout the castle, similar messages were delivered to Destiny and Kraven.
Francis sat at his desk; he did not look up as they entered.
“Francis!” Destiny demanded “What is this all about? Why are you sending guards for us?”
Demetrius and Alexander exchanged glances but remained silent, waiting for Francis’ response. The newly-crowned King didn’t raise his head. Tahir shifted uneasily, he’d been in this room before. Francis finished his writing with a flourish and held up the document.
“I wanted you to be the first to hear my new law. The first of many to come.” Francis stood and walked toward his sister as he spoke.
“What kind of law?” She eyed him suspiciously.
“Well, you see, after our peaceful country was nearly destroyed by demonic monsters, I did some research. I have discovered that you “magics” are nothing more than…evil beings, drawing power from Satan himself. You are a threat to my kingdom, Christianity and the human race.”
Destiny protested, but Francis silenced her as he handed the new law to a guard.
“From this day forth, magic is banned. You and your…repulsive guests are no longer welcome in this kingdom. Out of respect to my father and his perverse love for you, you have until sundown tomorrow to gather your things and leave peacefully. After that, you and every demon in this country will be hunted down and destroyed.”
“You would ban your own sister?” Tahir asked. “How—
“She is not my sister. And as for you…How dare you even speak to me. Spies are not welcome in my kingdom either. You should consider yourself fortunate I am granting you the same kindness as these beasts. She brings spies and demons into my kingdom and you dare question me? Were it not for my father, I would have you all hanged!”
“You think your little soldiers with swords are any threat to us?” Kraven was outraged.
“Quiet Kraven,” Demetrius snapped, putting his hand up between Francis and his pupil. “This is Francis’ kingdom, now. We will respect his wishes.”
Kraven stared at Demetrius in shock. Were they really going to let powerless humans bully them out of the place they risked their lives protecting?
Destiny too, shared his shock. She expected this from Francis, but Demetrius allowing such behavior? The anger swelled inside her. With a mere thought she could strike him dead. But it was important that she control her temper; she tried to calm herself. Instead of listening to Demetrius and Francis talk back and forth, she focused on Tahir’s voice in her head as he convinced her to trust Demetrius’ judgment. Although he hadn’t forgiven Francis, he had to accept that there were things he did not understand, and remember that Demetrius always had a plan. Destiny trusted her husband; she could feel the anger leaving her and she began to relax–if only a little. On the other hand, Kraven’s rage grew with each passing word.
“Come,” Demetrius said, commanding their attention. “We will take our leave of this place at once.” He turned and left the room.
Tahir took Destiny’s hand as they followed. Kraven, not so satisfied with the way the situation was handled, got one cold look from Alexander that made him spin on his heels and storm out. Alexander transformed back into wolf. He trotted from the room and ran to catch up with Demetrius, leaving his cloak behind.
“I know, my friend,” Demetrius said, without even looking down at him. 
They had little to pack, Tahir and Destiny made the treehouse their home. Alexander and Demetrius preferred the woods to the castle as well. Kraven was the only one who seemed to enjoy the luxuries of royal life, but he simply used his magic to gather his belongings and was ready within minutes. They were greeted by Meelix, Ellic and Oraden outside of the castle. Gavin saw them all leaving and ran to catch up.
“Hold!” he called out. “What adventure now? And you plan on leaving me behind again?”
“No adventure this time, Gavin,” Tahir explained. He relayed Francis’ decree to the others as he readied Windsong for Destiny. Gavin, Oraden, Meelix and Ellic shared varying degrees of shock, anger and repulsion.
“I don’t understand. How can he tell us where we can and cannot go?” Ellic asked.
“He is the King,” Gavin explained. “If someone sees you, they have the authority to kill you. In fact, people will be looking to kill you.”
“Why?”
“I don’t really know, Ellic.” 
“Because Francis is a jealous, hateful coward,” Destiny answered in a shaky voice. “He has always been a bully. He has always hated magic. And he loves making other people miserable.”
“This is not the place to discuss it,” Demetrius interrupted. “We will retreat into the safety of the forest for now.”
“Demetrius,” Gavin walked over to him and placed a hand on his shoulder. “I don’t know where my place is as your journey continues, but it is not here. My King and long time friend has passed, his daughter has been abolished, and his son has turned against us. My only friends now are standing here with me.  Please, give me five minutes to gather my things and ready Bounty.  If you don’t mind, I’m coming with you.”

Chapter Twenty-Nine
D I V I D E D
“This is only the beginning, Friends,” Demetrius’ voice was hardly more than a whisper as he gazed into the fire of their campsite deep in the woods. “This is the day I have always known was coming. Still, I do not want to believe it. Mankind has turned against us.”
Tahir put his head in his hands. Once again he found himself hating what he was. Everything he loved, humans destroyed for stupid, selfish reasons. His village, his home, his mother, the forests and animals; and now his wife and friends were in jeopardy. He would not stand for it. He would do something this time. Francis would pay. This time…
“We must attack now, Demetrius!” Kraven paced around the fire. “We are powerful. We are the rightful rulers of this planet. We should—”
“Which is why we are responsible for maintaining the peace,” Alexander interrupted.
“They are frightened and misled,” Demetrius continued. “Should we give them reason to fear and hate us?”
“They do so without reason, we might as well. I’d expect such cowardice from you, Demetrius. But you, Alexander? You will let those humans hunt you down?”
“You seem to forget that you too are human, Kraven, and that you are the pupil here.”
As the three wizards argued, it came to Tahir that he was wrong. To hurt people; the defenseless, the innocent, or the confused—to satisfy his own selfish interests, made him just like a human. He was ashamed to even be considering harming people. No matter how he tried, he kept disappointing himself. His stupid human nature revealed itself every chance it got. He hated himself; he didn’t deserve his company. He wanted to leave.
Look at me, my friends are in danger but here I am feeling sorry for myself.
Destiny, sensing his frustration, gently laid a hand on his shoulder. Her touch startled him out of his thoughts. He glanced at her concerned face and then stared at the ground. He didn’t want to look at her; he was too ashamed. She closed her eyes and sent her thoughts to his mind, where only he could hear.
Tahir, you are different, and you are a good man. Don’t judge yourself so harshly. Demetrius chose you from all the men in the world, and so did I.
Tahir finally looked up at her. She opened her eyes to return his gaze. 
“It’s going to be alright, Tahir,” she whispered. He nodded slowly.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered back. He rested his head on her shoulder. She hugged him gently.
“Kraven, you do not understand,” Demetrius tried to explain to his pupil. “This is not the thinking of one King or one Kingdom, but of the world. This is a change in the mindset of humankind. It is a battle we cannot win. If we slaughter them, then we have succumbed to evil. If we conquer them, they will truly fear and hate us. They will learn magic for themselves and rise up against us. If we are defeated, then all is lost.”
“I will not roll over and let some pathetic human push me around. And do not call me human. I rose far above them long ago.”
“Alexander and I have put much thought into this. We will retreat to safety until the time is right. Only then—”
“I will not,” Kraven scoffed. “You are pathetic. The wise and powerful Demetrius cowers before a single powerless human? I want no such teacher.”
“Kraven…”
“No! You go hide. I will take care of this.” With a wave of his hand, he was gone.
They sat in silence, each to his or her thoughts, most in doubt. Gavin, like Tahir, had mixed feelings. He had long been a servant and friend of the King. Now where should his loyalty be? He was a traitor regardless of which side he chose. He definitely did not want to battle Kraven, but he did not want to fight his people either. He was, after all, human; the only one who had no magic.
“Demetrius, are we going to have to fight against the Kingdom?”
“Gavin, I do not want you to feel obligated to help us.”
“No, it’s not that…”
“I understand your dilemma. But no, I do not intend to go to war against your King. Regardless of Kraven’s actions, I am committed to my plan.”
Gavin nodded, “I will help however I can.”
Demetrius stopped pacing around the fire. “I must leave,” he announced. “My task is to create a place for us, for all the magical beings to be brought to safety. Alexander knows where to go when it is ready.” His eyes met Tahir’s. “Tahir, now is the time to prove yourself. The destiny you have sought is now upon you: I leave you in my place.”
“Me?” Tahir jumped up. “But Alexander is…”
“Alexander is a dog.”
“Dog?” Alexander scoffed. 
Demetrius gave Alexander a teasing smile. “Wolf?” He turned back to Tahir. “Alexander’s methods of communication would not result in a successful mission. He hasn’t the patience, understanding or finesse that is required.  You do.”
“But…” Tahir persisted.
Demetrius held his hand up to stop him. “The decision was made long ago, Tahir. You are to lead the magical creatures to safety. You will accomplish this by use of your powers of tongue, your many friends and allies, and your bow and sword, if necessary. All of your experiences have led to this moment. You told me I could count on you.”
“Yes, Demetrius.” Tahir slowly sat down. He understood, but meeting his destiny wasn’t quite what he expected it would be.
“I must go now. I wish the luck of sprites upon you all.” Demetrius looked to each of them for a moment then nodded to Alexander. With a wave of his hand, he was gone.
They stared at the empty space where he once stood before shifting their eyes to Tahir.
“Ummm…” Tahir nervously rubbed his forehead. “I just need a moment to think,” he said, and then jumped up and hurried away into the woods.
“Bloody hell.” Gavin sighed.
Oraden followed Tahir into the forest. The others sat quietly watching the fire. Alexander reassured them that they hadn’t gone far. Eventually all drifted into a restless sleep.
Destiny rose with the sun to find Oraden and Tahir returned with breakfast. Tahir crouched at the fire, rotating some sort of large bird. Alexander, Meelix and Ellic were already eating figs and berries. The horses grazed and chomped apples. Gavin still slept.
“Good Morning, Love.”
“Good morning, My Lady. Hungry?” He handed her a satchel of figs and a piece of roasted meat.
“Famished,” she sat down next to Meelix. “What a night! This is going to be quite an adventure.”
She turned and looked at Tahir. He just smiled and shrugged.
“You do realize that this is not a game, don’t you, Meelix?”
“We wanted adventure and to become heroes—that is definitely what we’re getting. Right, Tahir?”
“That’s right.”
“First, destroy an evil wizard, then become knights, and now, lead all the magical creatures to safety. I can’t wait to tell Sudlin and the others!”
Destiny smiled as she continued her breakfast. 
Soon enough, Gavin was awake and everyone finished eating their share of food. 
Tahir spent most of the night thinking, creating a strategy. Demetrius trusted him with a very important task and he would not disappoint.
“Alexander, where are we supposed to meet Demetrius?” Tahir asked.
“Deep in the woods, southeast of here.”
“Take us. I think we all should know where it is. I’ll tell you my strategy on the way.”
“Understood,” replied the wolf.


* * * * *
“Demetrius won’t actually be ‘meeting’ us,” Alexander explained as he led the troop through the evergreens. “He is creating an island, far away, where all who reside will be safe. He is also creating a…passage that will transport all who step through it to this island. Like Elysi, only those with magic will know it is there.”
“Then our first priority,” Tahir said, “will be to set up a camp near the passage so we can move everyone through quickly. We will wait there for Demetrius. The area needs to be well hidden, well protected, and well supplied. The way I see it, we have three objectives: secure our camp, lead the magics to our camp, and stop Kraven. I think we’d accomplish the most by working independently, keeping our primary objectives in mind.”
They all listened intently as Tahir delegated jobs and explained how each was relevant to the master plan. He gave no directions for accomplishing their tasks. He trusted them to use the methods they saw fit, just as Demetrius had done for him.
“Tahir,” Alexander paused, looking around. They’d been traveling through dense woods at a quick pace for most of the day. Not too far ahead, the woods gave way to rocky terrain scaling upwards. Beyond two large rocks, which almost formed a gateway, the path cut up the rocky hillside.
“This is our route to the passage. The cliffs on either side are steep and rugged—difficult for humans or horses to climb. We should be able to pass through undetected, protected by our surroundings.”
“Then, let’s set up camp here. Is everyone clear as to what needs to be done?”
They all nodded.
“Ellic,” are you sure you remember the way back to Iltrepidore?” Tahir asked.
“Of course I do. Smokey might not have been able to remember, but Ellic does,” she said as she smiled to Tahir.  He returned the smile and nodded his head thinking of how much the little dragon had changed since the first day he met her. “Please do not worry about me completing my task.  Mine is a simple one. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
The small group stood around her exchanging hugs and well wishes before she flapped her leathery wings and began her journey to the Dracarae islands.
They watched the Dracara rise above the lush treetops overhead. Alexander turned and nodded to Tahir. In the blink of an eye, he was no longer wolf, but falcon, already soaring to fulfill his mission. Gavin, Meelix and Destiny immediately began formulating their plan, laying out their best course of action and determining what needed to be done and by whom.
“Do you need to rest, Oraden?” Tahir asked.
“Did Alexander or Ellic need to rest?”
“Then, let’s go!” He kissed his wife goodbye and waved to the others. Oraden neighed and galloped back the way they came, toward the centaurian hills of Kieval.
Over the next several days, the effects of King Francis’ mandate became apparent. Riders delivered Francis’ decree to the various towns under his rule and to nearby kingdoms. Whether these kingdoms would adopt similar laws, Tahir did not know. He did know it would be wise to stay as far from humans as possible, for now.
Likewise, Alexander spread the word. He traveled much faster and farther by wing than the riders could by foot or hoof. He visited every magical oasis he knew of, informing unicorns, sprites and the like, of the King’s decree; and explaining Tahir’s plan to lead them all to safety.
Reaction to the news was mixed. Many of the magics were peaceful, simple creatures; they obediently followed Tahir’s instructions. Others were angry, confused, but obeyed anyway. Others still, stubborn in their ways, refused to adapt, would not leave their homes. Alexander did not have the time or patience to argue with them. He hoped they would change their minds before Kraven or bounty hunters found them.
In the towns, blacksmiths created weapons and armor specifically for slaying magics. Most people found the King’s reward too tempting to ignore. Many shared Tahir’s fear of the magics retaliating, and began preparing for the worst. Towns where he was once welcomed as a hero, he was now afraid to go near for fear of putting Oraden’s life in danger. Fortunately, his journey to the centaurs did not force him to venture near larger towns, which typically meant more soldiers and therefore, more loyalty to the King.
Tahir and Oraden had at least three days’ travel ahead of them. They’d never gone to visit the centaurs before, but it was a necessary journey. The centaurs’ strength and fighting prowess was legendary amongst magical creatures. Kraven was no doubt, raising an army. If they were going to stop him, having the support of the centaurs could make all the difference. He knew he was famous in both the world of magics and the world of men. Hopefully that would be enough to win their allegiance. If Kraven hadn’t reached them first.
Oraden galloped as fast as he could, taking only short breaks to eat and drink. Tahir knew Oraden could go no faster, but it was taking entirely too long.
Ellic, on the other hand, made excellent progress, reaching Iltrepidore by the end of the first day. Upon receiving the news, Darios ordered every capable Dracara to return to England with Ellic, to help any way they could. Like Demetrius, the Elder had known for some time that this day was coming; its inevitability was the reason the Dracara had taken the islands in the first place. Still, they could not have Francis killing off magics, or Kraven declaring war against humanity. If it was war these humans wanted, it was war they would get.
While Ellic led an army of Dracara back to the camp, Destiny, Gavin and Meelix were building. Darios arranged meetings with Xanderick and the Elders of Fire, and then with Li’Ang. Within a few short days, all the pieces in this game of strategy were in motion.
Construction at the camp was going faster than anyone could have imagined. Dracara knocked over trees with their monstrous girth, chopped wood with their teeth, and towed lumber. Within hours of Alexander’s departure, sprites and gnomes arrived atop unicorns and jackalopes with all the supplies they could gather on such short notice. Always eager to help, the sprites busied themselves assisting Destiny; they braided rope, made blankets, drew maps, and cooked food. The gnomes, following Meelix’s directions, built large baskets like the one he designed back in Elysi. They also worked on a wagon to hitch to Bounty for Gavin’s next trip to Salisbury to buy weapons, food, tools, clothing and medical supplies.
Destiny was amazed. Each day, more and more creatures arrived. Some by Alexander’s direction, others simply joined the groups they saw traveling to the secret camp. Word was spreading quickly, and she was glad to see so many different creatures joining them. Each brought its own unique talents and skills, making her job easier than anticipated. The sprites and gnomes seemed endlessly useful. Trained jackalopes carried the little people quickly to their destinations. The satyrs, who all but refused to do any real work, stood lookout for friend or foe, supplied music, and functioned as messengers and translators. The unicorns’ mere presence drew fairies and enveloped the camp in a magical cloak, protecting and hiding all of its inhabitants. Destiny only hoped Gavin would be able to find his way back. By the end of the week, they were ready to move to the various rendezvous points where Alexander instructed groups of magics to wait for their escorts.
Oraden dropped his invisible cloak and came to a stop at the peak of a hill overlooking the rolling plains of the centaurs. As expected, it was a beautiful landscape—rich with grasses, flowers and deciduous foliage. They watched the centaurs gallop, spar and practice archery before deciding to proceed.
Oraden cantered down the hill toward the stream cradled between small hills. The centaurs took notice and surrounded them, forcing Oraden to a halt. Most magical creatures they encountered greeted them with childlike enthusiasm, quickly welcoming them into their circle. The centaurs were not like most magical creatures. There was nothing childlike or warm about the tall, muscular half-horse half-men. They observed the intruders suspiciously, muttering to each other. One of the larger centaurs, bearing old scars on his chest and face, pushed through the crowd to face the two outsiders.
“You are the human that killed the sorcerer?”
“Yes, with help.”
The centaur eyeballed the young man and his small steed. Even atop Oraden, Tahir had to look up at the giant horse-man. His horse body was huge. With thick legs and long fur surrounding his hooves, he was similar to the breeds most knights rode. His tail was short in comparison to Oraden’s, but then, Oraden’s mane and tail were much longer and fuller than most horses. His human half was proportionately huge; a hairy chest as big as a wine barrel, and a stomach flat and chiseled. The centaur circled the two, slowly inspecting them and their weapons. Tahir could feel Oraden’s uneasiness beneath him, but he remained silent and stood his ground. The centaur’s gaze landed on Tahir’s bow; in a glance, he recognized its craftsmanship and knew its value. The centaur’s face softened.
“Where did you get your bow?”
“It was given to me, by Demetrius.”
“Demetrius?”
“Yes, do you know of him?”
“Of course. May see it?”
“Yes, of course. It was made by dwarves,” Tahir explained as he took off the bow and handed it over. “Demetrius gave it to me to battle the sorcerer Artemisios.”
“Yes, yes…this is very nice,” The centaur held it up, examining it carefully, admiring its craft. Then his face contorted with anger. “What makes you think a pitiful creature like you deserves such a weapon?”
He handed the bow to another centaur and pushed Tahir hard, knocking him off Oraden’s back. Oraden reared up, kicking and neighing, his horn beginning to radiate the familiar glow of crimson. The centaurs laughed as Tahir shuffled to his feet. Several other centaurs joined in as a struggle erupted. They pushed him again; this time, when they knocked Tahir to the ground, they began kicking at him. They grabbed Oraden by the horn, jerked his head around and threw him to the ground. Again and again the pair struggled to their feet. The centaurs howled with laughter and took turns slapping them around.
“You are pathetic!” the big centaur roared. “You don’t deserve your weapons. Whoever you managed to steal them from is probably hunting you down as we speak! I’ll keep your bow, and you can keep your life, but leave us now and never return!”
The centaur snatched the bow from his comrade and turned his back to leave. Tahir looked at Oraden and read the rage in his bloodshot eyes, flared nostrils, and the crimson glow of his horn. He jumped on the unicorn’s back.
“Centaur!” he called out. “Give me back my bow, you coward!”
The centaur stopped and the crowd fell silent. He turned to the duo staring him down. 
“Your bow? I thought I made it clear; you have no right to such a bow. If you want my bow you can just come and take it!”
“You call me a liar? A thief? You think I am weak?” Tahir challenged. “Let me show you just how wrong you are!”
The unicorn charged the giant horse-man; the crowd quickly backed out of the way. Oraden’s magic propelled them faster than physically possible. Before the crowd’s eyes, the wind picked up and the two vanished; only a billowing cloud of dust swirled toward the confused centaur.
Tahir leapt from Oraden’s back, immediately becoming visible again. He lunged at the shocked centaur’s head and grabbed him by the neck. The momentum spun him behind the centaur. With all his strength, Tahir locked his arm around the centaur’s neck and choked him. He swung his legs and jerked the centaur’s head to the ground, flipping the giant to his back. All four legs kicked at the air as he crashed down. Tahir slammed his knee into the creature’s throat. Tahir unsheathed his sword and held it a breath from the centaur’s face. Oraden stood over the fallen beast and snorted.
“You don’t deserve that bow,” the unicorn mocked. Tahir smiled in agreement and snatched the bow from the centaur’s hands. He rose to his feet and sheathed his sword. The other centaurs whispered and muttered, not sure what to think. Their leader slowly rose to his feet humiliated, anger apparent all over his face.
“The world as we know it is changing,” Tahir mounted Oraden again. “We are on the cusp of war as we speak. People who do not understand you are hunting you and other magics alike. The wizard Kraven is forming an army. Many will die. Humans, sprites, unicorns, Dracara, centaurs…we will all be affected. Whether you want to or not, you will have to fight or run and hide. We came here for your help.”
“War?” The centaur’s face perked up as though he’d forgotten what just happened.
“Yes. Demetrius told us you were a powerful and brave people; skilled archers and swordsmen. We need your help to defeat a powerful, common enemy.”
“The centaurs have not seen battle in hundreds of years, but not one day passes that we do not train as though war is upon us. I am G’bor, leader of this tribe. And you really are who you say you are? Tahir the Archer and Oraden the Black Unicorn?”
“Can you not see color? Do you think this horn is fake?” Oraden shook his head in disbelief.
“You see our weapons. Have we not proven ourselves?” Tahir asked.
“Please, accept my apologies for mocking you earlier. I would never refuse aid to Demetrius and Alexander. Your battle is our battle.” G’bor’s fist struck his chest.
The centaurs cheered and waved weapons, rearing on their hind legs. Oraden and Tahir looked on hundreds, maybe thousands of them. They would be a formidable army, indeed.
Chapter Thirty
R E V O L U T I O N
The centaurs, led by Tahir and Oraden, stampeded through the woods to meet with Destiny and the others. By the time they reached her, she had an impressive base already built with hundreds of creatures seeking refuge in the magical forest. Almost as quickly, soldiers and bounty hunters scoured the woods for magics, reaping the reward for the corpses of sprites, gnomes, satyrs and unicorns.
It also didn’t take long for Kraven to build an army of his own. Soon, ogres and rogue Dracara that strayed from the teachings of Iltrepidore were attacking villages and burning them to the ground. The first round of attacks went unchallenged; Tahir had no way of finding out about them until it was too late. He came upon smoldering villages littered with the charred corpses of soldiers and families. Kraven was thorough; and he was merciless. The sight brought tears to Tahir’s eyes; every lifeless body brought back memories of his own destroyed village. If only he could find one living soul, save just one person—but there were none left to be saved. Defeated, he returned to base, determined to let that be his last failure.
The centaurs were getting restless. The Dracara were becoming rebellious. The small people were afraid, the unicorns disinterested. Gavin was getting paranoid and Tahir was losing hope. How could he defeat an enemy he couldn’t catch? One so quick? So powerful?  Alas, Destiny gave him an edge.
“Tahir,” she called to him softly. “I have something to show you.”
He followed her into a hut in the center of camp. The air inside held dozens of swirling circles of light. He looked into one and saw a busy village; people selling and trading, gathering water, farming. It was as though he were standing on a hill overlooking the village. Every circle was a window with a view of a different town and city.
“With this Tahir, we can watch all the villages. If Kraven attacks, we will know immediately and can create a tunnel to pass straight to him.”
Tahir’s face lit up. He grabbed her excitedly and kissed her. “It’s brilliant! You’re so smart. This will work perfectly!”
“Just a little magic trick I learned along the way. We’ll set up shifts so someone is always keeping watch,” She turned to go. “I’ll send someone to take first watch so you can rest in a bit.”
He turned his attention to the swirling windows. All seemed to be peaceful: people busy with chores, children played, horses grazed. He found that he could command the window to move in closer or focus on certain things. It wouldn’t be long before Kraven attacked again. This time, they would be ready.
Four days went by without incident. Then, late on the fourth night, Gavin sat watching the windows. He noticed strange movement in the sky over the city near the castle. He watched the shadow for a moment until fire lit up the night sky and several buildings erupted in flame. He jumped from his seat and ran.
“To arms! To arms!” Gavin shouted. The centaur on night watch blasted his trumpet. The Dracara and griffins yawned awake and stretched their wings. Gnites cheered and back flipped. The centaurs, sleeping in their armor, bolted awake and grabbed their weapons.
Tahir burst from the tent as Gavin reached it. Gavin didn’t have to speak; Tahir knew from his expression that it was time. 
“He attacks,” Gavin continued on, waking the others.
Destiny fought against waking. She rolled over, turning her back to the noise. Tahir ducked back into the tent and shook her gently. She snarled and shot him a demonic look that startled him. “It’s the middle of the night,” she hissed, her eyes glowing in the darkness. But she begrudgingly got out of bed and stretched her wings. Tahir gathered his weapons and left the tent.
Oraden was already up and stamping impatiently. “Ellic and Meelix, the Dracara, griffins and Gnites already took off for the city, Tahir,” Oraden shouted over the commotion. “I’ve never seen them fly so fast! They may already be there. Hop on, Tahir!”
The centaurs lined up behind Alexander. In his human form, the wolf-man drew a large glowing circle in the air. They practiced tunnel travel daily. There were no orders to give, no explanation necessary; they all knew what they needed to do. They knew what they were fighting for and the challenges they faced. This was it; Kraven had to be stopped. The tunnel flashed and the centaurs stampeded through, charging head-on toward the Dracara, ogres, wizards and trolls under Kraven’s command.
Oraden galloped full speed toward the tunnel with Destiny on his heels.
Fire erupted within the tunnel and giant ogres bashed soldiers with clubs. Surprised by the centaurs’ attack, many of the giants were felled by the skilled archers. Overhead, Dracara clashed as Ellic’s airborne support arrived. Gnites aboard their griffin steeds attacked the wizards head-on. They were few in numbers, but their skill against the powerful wizards was unsurpassed. Perfectly orchestrated, they spun and flipped, a blur of swords and fire, feathers and talons. They neutralized the wizards’ attacks and slay them where they stood.
Oraden’s heart pounded with his hooves as he galloped toward the swirling image of violence. He closed his eyes and leapt through the tunnel. They whisked miles in fractions of a second. His head spun, and he felt a little off balance as he landed, but he quickly regained his bearings.
Tahir watched Alexander, Destiny, and the last few centaurs teleport through and immediately charge into battle.
“Tahir!” Alexander shouted over the roars and screams. “I will find Kraven; you take care of the rest!” 
The ancient wolf incinerated the trolls and ogres with lightening, and by the power of his mind alone, threw them out of his way. From above, Destiny showered lightning upon the ogres with precision the centaurs envied.
Tahir galloped through the fray, slashing at the smaller, uglier trolls. He learned of these vile creatures at Asymptier, but was not prepared for how ghastly they would be in person. The slobbering, armored, human-like creatures swarmed the streets, overpowering the King’s army. Tahir cut in and out of the crowd, grabbing frightened humans and pulling them to safety, and decapitating trolls that stood in his way. The screech of griffins pierced the air as the giant birds snatched trolls and carried them into the sky to be dropped to their deaths.
The sky burned where the Dracara clashed, belching fire back and forth. Darios flew head-on into one of the rogue Dracara. Their giant bodies slammed with such force that they both spun and tumbled head-over-tail before plummeting. They wrestled mid-air, clawing at each other, trying to rip open the other’s throat. The ground whirled toward them. Darios jerked back from the Dracara and then lunged at it once more, locking his jaws around its face. Spreading his wings, he shot up vertically, pulling his opponent with him. When he spun in a barrel roll the Dracara's neck snapped. Darios pulled up and belched fire over his enemy’s body. It crashed to the ground, crushing trolls and ogres as well as a few soldiers. Shock waves and a cloud of dust erupted from the crash site, throwing ground dwellers off their feet.
Oraden stumbled but managed to maintain his footing. He cursed the stupid monsters as he and Tahir weaved through the chaos, dodging the falling trolls and Dracara, the flying arrows and lightning bolts. They found one of the commanders of the Royal Army being overtaken and moved in to fight beside him. Oraden’s forelegs delivered bone-breaking kicks, and Tahir’s sword sliced the trolls into bloody pieces. Tahir aimed telekinetic blasts to knock the savage creatures off of the King's soldiers.
“We are on your side!” Tahir shouted to the commander between assaults. “Do not attack the centaurs, Gnites or the griffins,” Tahir yelled. “They are here to help!”
“What?” The commander recognized Tahir, but was suspicious; there was so much he did not understand. The trouble seemed to begin when this foreign man showed up.
“The centaurs…they are men with horse bodies,” Tahir explained as quickly as he could, trying to point them out amongst the carnage. “The griffins are like eagles. The Gnites look a little like trolls, but graceful, not ugly. Some of the dragons are good, others are bad; just leave them be. You wouldn't be able to hurt them, anyway. We will take care of the monsters. You need to get these people to safety!” 
The Commander looked around at the mayhem, the burning buildings. He watched the horse-men and the bird-like creatures. They were protecting the humans and killing the hideous monsters, just as Tahir said. He turned to his men and barked orders for them to evacuate the city and leave their allies alone. He nodded to Tahir and galloped off to complete his task.
“Destiny!” Tahir called telepathically to his wife. “I need you to control these fires!”
Within seconds, thunder rolled. Black clouds cracked open and rain poured down, extinguishing the flames that were consuming buildings, bodies and fields. The Dracara roared in frustration, their favorite weapon now rendered useless.
Tahir and Oraden galloped, splashing mud in their wake, following their instincts in search of trapped survivors. When they came upon a home only partially destroyed, Tahir dismounted and entered. Oraden stood guard while Tahir climbed through the rubble, calling, “Anybody here?” A muffled sound came from beneath a collapsed wall. Heaving the pieces aside, he uncovered a woman and her children who appeared to have only minor injuries. He led them out of the charred house to find Oraden impaling a troll with his glowing red horn. Tahir pulled the family away from the carnage and grabbed the attention of a nearby centaur. He helped them get on the giant horseman’s back and commanded him to take them to safety. The centaur was angry to leave the battle, but obeyed, racing off to catch up with the soldiers who were escorting townspeople to safety.
Tahir continued his mission, galloping through the town, pulling unarmed townsfolk onto the backs of accommodating centaurs who would gallop them to safety. They were nearing another crumbling home when they spied an ogre careening down from above. Oraden stumbled backwards to get out of the way, knowing it was too late. Tahir closed his eyes and clenched Oraden’s mane, expecting the worst. Then, somehow, they were whisked from under the falling ogre. Oraden turned in circles, confused; he was sure of one thing: they were several hundred meters from where they had been.
“How…?”
“I-I don’t know,” Tahir mumbled, just as perplexed. It would seem they teleported, somehow; but Destiny and Alexander were nowhere to be seen. Teleportation was something Tahir never learned.
He didn’t have time to think about it. A Dracara tumbled from the sky straight above the house they had been heading for. From inside, came a woman’s screams. Oraden was already galloping toward it with his extra magical speed. It was not enough; they would be too late. Tahir focused on the frightened woman, wanting to reach out for her. Instantaneously, they were teleported to her side. He grabbed the woman and teleported to safety just as the Dracara crashed through the roof. 
The battle was nearly won, but Kraven was still nowhere to be found. Alexander, in his natural wolf form, trotted through the chaos, obliterating those who stood in his way, wasting as little time as possible with peons. His sharp wolf eyes scanned the city with intense concentration, his nose quivering as he hunted. A troll crept behind him with raised club. Without Alexander so much as glancing back, the troll was struck dead by lightning.
He trotted, all senses alert, following his instincts, leaping over a dead ogre and onto the back of another of the giants. The monster stood tall as a building, and swung a giant spiked club at centaurs who dodged and jumped out of its way. The giant didn’t even seem to notice him; not that it mattered. The clumsy creature would not be able to defend himself against Alexander’s quickness. He scrabbled up its back to its neck where his fangs sliced deep, severing an artery. He dropped down, licking the blood from his  mouth before the ogre’s bloodless body hit the ground. 
He continued, moving in and out of the shadows, searching for Kraven’s scent, footprint, or unique magical signature; slaying beasts as he went. Until—he froze. His nose twitched. Kraven. His icy-blue eyes pierced the darkness and he locked on the scent. Oblivious to enemies around him, focused solely on his prey, he leapt and dove, never breaking stride as he raced toward the castle gates.
Kraven walked through the nearly empty castle. Cloaked in black, he made the perfect picture of an evil monk. Any human he saw, he struck down. Without raising his head or breaking his stride, they fell all around him as he made his way to King Francis’ quarters.
Alexander shook the water and mud from his fur as he entered the castle. Kraven’s scent was strong. The stench of death was stronger. Alexander raced through the familiar corridors—then stopped. He knew what Kraven was after! It only took him a moment to pick up Francis’ scent; maybe he could get to the King before Kraven did.
King Francis, fully dressed in armor, studied his reflection in the mirror. His assistants handed him his weapons. And then were immediately struck down before they even realized Kraven entered the room.
“King Francis,” he smiled and pulled down his hood.
“Kraven!” Francis unsheathed his sword. “Are you the one responsible for this? Stop this at once!”
Kraven chuckled and waved his hand. The sword flew from Francis’ hand and exploded in mid-air.
“No, Francis, I don’t think I’m going to be taking orders from you. But…” He paused at length. “Alexander, I’m really disappointed in you. I expected so much better.”
Alexander stepped out of the shadows in his naked human form. His wet hair stuck to his wiry, muscular frame. With eyes as intense and cold as they were in his wolf form, he stared Kraven down. He opened a teleportation passage at Francis’ side and telekinetically shoved the King through to safety. The portal closed before Kraven could react.
Kraven’s face scowled with disgust. He turned to face his former teacher and rolled up his sleeves.
“So, now what? You really think he’s safe? You think you can reason with me? Do you have some ‘great plan’ for me?” Kraven mocked. “Oh, no, you don’t have any plans; you just follow Demetrius’ orders like a good dog, right? Where is that coward hiding? Too afraid to face me himself?”
Alexander blasted him hard, hurling him across the room and slamming him into the wall. The wizard chuckled and picked himself up off the floor.
“Alexander, is that all you have?” He attacked Alexander with a blast of his own. The wolf-man waved his hand and deflected the blow, countering with his own blast that sent Kraven flying again. Kraven rose to cast down a lightning storm. But Alexander leapt through a portal to arrive behind Kraven and set him on fire. As Kraven frantically threw off his flaming cloak, Alexander blasted him again, this time striking him with lightning and sending the wizard spinning to the ground twitching and smoking.
Kraven struggled to his feet, but Alexander was already on top of him, knocking him back down as he transformed into wolf form. The man struggled to fight the wolf off; his own blood splattered on his face as Alexander mauled him. He finally managed to mentally shove the wolf off of him. Alexander slid across the room, kicking his paws across the floor, he scrambled to his feet. Using his mental capabilities, he grabbed Kraven and spun him around the room. He slammed Kraven's weakened body into every wall and pillar in the room and dragged him across the floor.
By now, Tahir, Oraden, Destiny, Meelix and Ellic had gathered together and stood silently watching the fight. None of them realized how much more powerful Alexander was than the rest of them. Kraven could barely utter a spell before Alexander bombarded him with attacks. They never witnessed his power unrestricted, unconstrained, unsupervised by Demetrius or the other wizards he worked for. Even when they fought Artemisios, his focus was on protecting the rest of them; he worked as a decoy, taking most of the sorcerer’s attention. This time he had no one to protect. He had orders from Xanderick to ‘take care of Kraven.’ This was Alexander as he was: a powerful, agile killer, far more powerful than his quiet demeanor and small frame would suggest. 
He slammed Kraven’s trembling body into the wall one last time. Kraven coughed up blood as he struggled to his feet. All the swords and arrows in the room came to life and flew toward Kraven. The wizard struggled to blast them away, but he failed to stop them all. They pierced his flesh and pinned him to the stone wall. One of the swords that pierced Kraven’s arm to to the wall flew into Alexander’s outstretched hand. 
“You could’ve been so much more.” In his cold blue eyes, there was a hint of sorrow.
Alexander walked toward Kraven, sword in hand. Shards of metal pinned Kraven's arms down. He was desperate. He knew he couldn’t hurt Alexander, but he may not need to. He hurled a blast at Tahir, sending him flying from Oraden’s back and slamming him into the wall. Oraden reared up, startled by the sudden attack. Destiny, Meelix and Ellic hurried to Tahir. The distraction was enough to grab Alexander’s attention, giving Kraven time to teleport away. He smiled at Alexander as he vanished from sight.
Alexander snarled and threw the sword down. He went and knelt beside Tahir. His clothes were singed and smoking; he wasn’t breathing. Alexander put his head to his chest; his heart maintained a beat, but it was erratic.
Tahir’s eyes snapped open and he gasped for air. Alexander jumped out of the way as a blast as powerful as Kraven’s shot out of Tahir’s hands. It charred the opposite wall and knocked the stones loose.

E P I L O G U E
After Kraven’s disappearance, things went as expected. Francis’ decree was fulfilled and magical creatures slowly disappeared. Our heroes eventually parted ways, each on their own journey.
Tahir, Destiny and Oraden traveled the world over, creating passages to lead all who accepted their offer to the secret haven in the sea that was created for them. It was much like Elysi, abundant in food, warm weather; truly a magical paradise.
Most magical creatures didn’t care where they were as long as they were free to live and roam as they pleased. It remained hidden from humankind for centuries. In time, magical creatures were all but forgotten; little more than a shadow of earth’s history. Distorted and distant memories existing only in fairy tales and children’s stories.
Ellic returned to the island of Iltrepidore, which was eventually invaded by humans and abandoned by the Dracara for refuge on the hidden island. Meelix rejoined his fellow gnomes and sprites on the island, telling and retelling stories of his adventures to eager audiences.
Alexander too, traveled the earth, in various forms, of course, searching for Kraven, observing mankind, and constantly on the lookout for sinister activity.
Kraven, humiliated by his defeat, retreated into the darkness where he was welcomed by an evil cult of wizards. They were more than willing to teach him all that Asymptier refused, and then some.
Ah, but what of the darker, more secret power that few knew of, and even fewer spoke of? An evil far more powerful than The Twelve, who were so easily defeated by a few poison arrows. An evil that lay dormant for centuries, waiting to be awakened. The Sons of Sphinx worked hard to unlock the secrets of the fairies and awaken their lord. Other groups worked equally hard to prevent such events. 
As for me, I wait.
History’s Shadow I: Legend’s Born

A B O U T   T H E   A U T H O R
K. Dzr is a web designer, author and artist living in Detroit, MI. A long time fan of sci-fi, fantasy and superheroes, she began collecting comic books and reading Terry Brooks novels at a young age. She spent most of her childhood drawing, writing and dreaming of fantastical places and characters, a hobby she continues to this day. Despite positive feedback on early written works, she had little desire to pursue a writing career and instead focused her creative energy into drawing and music. It wasn’t until college, and after a lot of persuasion from her mother during a conversation about an idea for a comic book that she began writing her first novel, History’s Shadow.
K. Dzr lives in Detroit with her dog, Eerie LeighAnne Bartholomew III, and enjoys traveling, fighting zombies, learning languages, building and customizing things and going on adventures with her cousin, Bennie. Once History's Shadow is wrapped up, she will be working on her next novel: Mustard.


For More Info Visit:
www.legendsborn.lecirquestudios.com
www.facebook.com/LegendsBornNovel 
