Lta
ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2020 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Author notes: This is a collection of three different stories regarding both life and death. Enjoy the words! Feel the energy! Have a good time!


Thank you?


ipam
Chapter One
The Room
Plot summary:


At the distance medical hospital, four healing patients have died from an individual rotten human organ during their individual surgery transplantation procedure.

So, at the local hospital, in the city of Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama, the female president orders an investigation into the shipment of fresh human organs that come to the center and is implanted into each hospital patient.
Sunday, May 31st


Home of Mr. and Mrs. Upton
111 Bonita Drive
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama

05:05 pm

Heated air temperatures
Blistering sunlight without rain clouds


Inside a new kitchen setting made of white wooden upper and lower cabinets covered in mint green, rose, and black granite countertops, an array of raw, uncooked food items surrounded the woman, who was 63 years old. 
The open kitchen space overlooked a living room setting in green, rose, and black hues. A mounted gigantic television plasma set hung on solid wall in dark green paint and offered noise in-between the human conversation. 
Behind the woman's back spine on the entrance wall, inside the kitchen, an old fashioned radio played a soft pop musical tune, which smoothed her nerve ending from a long day at work.
The rectangular shaped room displayed two side walls of glass windows, exposing the nicely manicured front and back green tinted lawns with a small grove of trees, numerous pods of colorful flowers, and two individual city street gray tinted pavements.
The woman exhaled with annoyance and stopped chopping the vegetable for the nighttime meal, staring at her husband, sneering with a nasty tone. "Why must I travel to the city of Huntsville, which is ninety miles north of Birmingham? I had sacrificed two weeks of my precious life and my precious vacation time for two funerals. I would be retired right now, not working two more work weeks at my final work job of 40 years from my long life of 60 years, because of my wasted time off. Now, because of my wasted time off, I must extend my retirement day for two more work weeks, which is the end of next week on Friday at five pm."
At the kitchen breakfast table, her husband smiled down at the massive puzzle without breaking eye contact, wearing a balding skull, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of weathered, dark skin with wrinkles and dressed in a ratty old white tinted tee shirt, a pair of ratty comfortable walking shorts in faded sky blue hue, and a pair of naked feet. "Zeresh, darling, my parents couldn't help that they passed away from the Erath plain and are living on the heavenly plane. My mom did first, where we planned and participated in her funeral. Then my dad passed the next week from heartache missing his wife of 70 years. Then we both planned and participated in his funeral. I couldn't help it. They couldn't help it. You couldn't help it. I am sorry that your retirement party was delayed. But you can celebrate your retirement party next week on Friday at five pm. Do I bring a retirement gift?" He chuckled and found one of the missing pieces on the unsolved puzzle.
She still held the chopping knife in the air and said with a nasty tone of annoyance. "I do receive a retirement party. No private company provides a retirement party or a retirement gift or a handshake any more. I show on my last working day and speak goodbye to all of my current employees, leaving the office environment for the last time, for my permanent rest," she exhaled with more annoyance and dropped the sharp blade, slicing the vegetable in half. "I do not even say goodbye to my staff members either, because my supervisor has sent all of my staff members for training. Then the trained staff members will return and take over all of my work, until a new leader auditor is hired." She continued to chop up the vegetables for the dinner meal.
He smiled down at the puzzle. "Are they going to ask you to perform any consulting work? That paycheck would pay for your monthly outrageous medical and dental insurance coverage.'
She stopped cutting the vegetables and looked up, sneering at his nose profile. "No! They did not ask. Yes! I will refuse. I have worked many hours and long days and numerous years, since I was sixteen years old and borrowed my mom's car for my first waitress job. I'm tired of working. I wanna a permanent rest from life and work and people."
He placed another piece separate joint down on the unsolved puzzle with a smile. "Well, you're going to get one within two weeks, darling!" She sliced the next vegetable in half and laughed out loud with her final victory.
The television plasma devise sounded with a loud blast of music announcing the evening newscast. The female announcer was dressed in a tan colored jacket and yellow tinted blouse, possessing a head of shoulder length blonde hair strands, a tone of suntanned skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs, staring into the news station camera lenses. "Good evening! We start the evening news with an ugly news blast. Four medical transplant patients are dead." She allowed the terrible words to clinger and stared without blinking into the camera lenses, inhaling a deep breath. "In the State of Mississippi, at an unnamed hospital, four medical patients received an organ transplant three weeks ago. Now, each one is dead. The cause of death is a rotten organ. All of the US Federal Government agencies are both alarmed and alerted, arriving at the unnamed hospital, starting the investigate that has caused this terrible event."
Inside the kitchen, Zeresh dropped the knife and gasped in alarm, looking up, staring at the television plasma screen and whispered for her eardrums only. "This affects me and my hospital too. Tomorrow is doing to be a terrible day at work." She exhaled with annoyance and continued to watch the television evening newscast.

Monday, June 1st
23rd week of the year
First working day of the month

06:06 am

Bright sunshine and warm temperatures
Rolling clouds without rain showers


She was 63 years old, average height, slightly plump body frame, a head of cropped gray-tinted hair, a tone of pale tinted skinned, a pair of brown-eyed and named Zeresh Upton. She leaned over and kissed her husband of 40 years of marriage on his smooth cheekbone, like usual, with her goodbye gesture, inside the kitchen setting, in the front of the food pantry. She was dressed in her red tinted sleep pajamas and a rose colored bathrobe with a pair of matching bed slippers.
He was leaving their cozy home in Birmingham, traveling north to the city of Huntsville, starting the clean-up work job inside the house that belonged to his recently deceased parents. He spun around and entered the open garage setting, loading down into his silver tinted pickup truck, cranking the engine. She waved a final goodbye and viewed the red tinted taillights on his vehicle, spinning around with a smile for the last two weeks of work, entering back into the bedroom setting.

At 06:37 am, Zeresh finished dressing in a gray-tinted business suit and left her residential house, driving her silver tinted four-door foreign luxury sedan to her work place, parking in her assigned slot on the second level in the ten-story parking garage. She left and then locked her car, strolling ahead with nod to the other employees, padding down the wide hallway and turned into her office environment. The second door on the right side wall.

At 07:07 am, the entrance door automatically opened for her heated body and then slowly closed shut, after the heated body entered the room. Then, numerous rows of slender long overhead lamps illuminated again with computer sensors coming from her heated body and her movement, without Zeresh touching a cold piece of plastic or metal.
The main office space displayed a boring square shaped room with warm vanilla paint, not stark hue, without short or tall nature plants, only four wooden desks with side matching metal drawers on top of a colorful blue tinted carpet with yellow and orange wiggling lines for entertainment or amusement or annoyance. Zeresh had not offered her opinion on the new office carpet but enjoyed the silence of footfalls moving around the floor space.
She moved ahead towards the rear wall with an open archway, hiding her private office, entering the room. Her two eyeballs immediately darted to the short side wall with a line of glass windows displaying part of the concrete world below off the city streets of Birmingham.
The hospital campus resided in the heart of the city and was surrounded on the ground by vanilla colored, flat, hard concrete sidewalks with numerous people, including patients, family members, visitors, employees, and others. In the air waves, the hospital buildings stood beside other short or tall structures of business and commerce. Thus, no pods of grass or wildflowers or a single tree was found.
Zeresh placed her worn brown tinted briefcase down on the floor in front of the desk and rested her personal purse on top of the table surface along with her personal mobile telephone, without settling down into her office chair for start of the work day. She spun around and exited the office space, padding down to the ground, moving inside the cafeteria and purchased the breakfast meal. She was a working girl and never cooked the breakfast meal during the week days. Her husband would eat the breakfast and lunch meal with his co-workers, until he retired from his working job six months ago.
She paid for the meal and strolled back up the second floor level on the elevator carriage, exiting onto the busy hallway with active medical staff members, patients, and family members, who were looking for the different medical clinics. She scooted around numerous people and stood in front of the closed door, waiting on the automatic signal from her heated body. The door finally opened. She entered with a huff of annoyance and re-walked through the empty business suite, reaching her office, sliding down into the office desk. She placed her purse down into the bottom office drawer and locked the latch, ensuring no robberies today. Zeresh consumed the scrambled eggs, one homemade biscuit with strawberry jam, and one bottle of dark soda. Zeresh didn't enjoy drinking coffee but needed the caffeine rush, starting her work day. She slowly flipped through each electronic internet article on the screen of her phone, finishing the meal, dumping the dirty plastic items down into the clean trashcan on the other side of her office desk. She stood and entered the private lavatory that can with the grand office and the privilege of her working title, washing her dirty face and hands, brushing her teeth and finally rinsed her mouth while feeling the minty fresh breath.

At 07:35 am, she returned back to her office desk chair and slapped the naked wood with both of her palms, hearing a soft tap, exhaling with annoyance. Her office desk was cleaned with stacks of work papers, displaying at the business phone on the right side of her body and as she was right hand dominated. Running from left of her desk surface, a squat, long office lamp was illuminated bright with light, shining on top of the wood throughout the day and night hours, aiding her two older senior citizen eyeballs. On the opposite of the short lamp, a delicate china bone tea set consisting of a smaller teapot and three teacups with a matching saucer in beige colored background with pink, yellow, red, blue flowers running over the material.
The tea set had been given to Zeresh, by her former accounting supervisor, on her first day of employment at Birmingham Hospital as a young, novice accountant in the accounting department.
Zeresh had been a good employee and climbed the proverbial career ladder becoming Vice President and head auditor of the Internal Audit Department at the hospital.
An internal auditor is an accountant with a college accounting degree, passing a test, becoming a Certified Public Accountant or CPA. The internal auditing field is an independent objective assessment activity which is designed to improve the financial operations of a business organization, in the areas of effectiveness, risk management, internal controls and governance of policies, processes and procedures. The short version, an internal auditor is allowed to investigate any active employee or any hospital department office or any hospital process, uncovering any type of criminal or civil or financial or compliance issue and then report the information back to the president of the hospital.
Over the years, Zeresh had not uncovered any jailed offences on an active employee, only the usual small-time crimes of pocketbook stealing of cash money and a couple of missing business laptop computers that ended with termination of each robbing employee from the hospital business.
Zeresh had worked long hours and performed hard work for 40 years while achieving her wonderful career, Vice President of the Internal Audit Department. However, when the ancient president had announced his retirement, an internal search commenced for a new president. Zeresh had tossed her figurative hat into the president ring and completed four weeks of intense, nasty interviews, dreaming about the powerful title and drooling over the one million dollar annual paycheck. If Zeresh would have served two short years as the president of the hospital, she would have retired in high society style, pumping more money into her personal pension plan. She and her husband did not produce a child, not from the lack of love or trying, but numerous biological difficulties.
Each spouse had worked on their professional career and then realized too late that the baby boom and the baby cycle had passed, leaving a happy marriage, without a biological heir or heiress from the Upton family name. No alarm! The other blood-related Upton family members had numerous sons to carry on the sur name.
Fate interfered again. Zeresh was not selected for the presidential job at Birmingham Hospital. The current president had a louder mouth and a bigger purse with favors for most of the current board members.
Zeresh was greatly disappointed but retained her cool demeanor and her current work job, humbling down at the naked toes on President Pamphlea Brutum, who had resided on the Board of Directors coming from one of the bigger money banks in metro city Birmingham. However, the professional work relationship between Pamphlea and Zeresh was not cordial, not hostile, but course, if she could use that term.
Back inside Zeresh's private office, on top of her desk, a few inches below the ceramic tea tray with the delicate tea set, a row of writing instruments rested at attention and ready for use, a metal mechanical pencil with lead number two, a blue colored ink pen, a red colored ink pen, a green colored ink pen, and a black tinted ink pen. She used the tools during her work projects. The remaining portion of her office desk was empty also readying for any upcoming new work action.
Connected to the left panel on her L-shaped office desk, a side table of matching wood held a sliver tinted business laptop computer and additional surface room for short stacks of papers or files or folders. The laptop computer was powered down and all of the stack of papers were filed inside the outer office wooden filing cabinets or created electronic folders. Currently, she did was not assigned any new internal audits.

At 07:38 am, she leaned back into the worn gray leather covered office desk with its nicely padded cushion in dark gray hue, surveying her private office. Each wall was a nice warm vanilla blend with some type of ugly art work pieces from the hospital Construction Department. Employees were not allowed to decorate their office desk or any wall with personal items, including numerous family photographs or a single pot of flowers or plants.
The entrance wall displays the door with a row of ugly pictures on the wall. In one wall corner, a conference table with four chairs in dark wood stands ready for action also. The opposite side corner and part of the short wall displays a living room setting with a floral red and green flower-patterned loveseat, two side tables in dark wood, and a squat, short low table a few feet from the legs on the loveseat for a business invitation with an invited employee or a social call from her husband. The rest of the side wall displays a row of glass windows with the silver tinted window shades drawn open, revealing a pale blue sky, flowing rows of white tinted clouds, flocks of flying birds, each geometric shaped rooftop on every tall building.
Behind her back spine, a wooden cabinet credenza hid a set of paper files in the darkness related to hospital business that the new Administrator of internal Audit Department would inherit, on the first day of their employment at Birmingham Hospital. Above the furniture piece and the rest of the carpet, a row of glass windows displayed the pale blue sky, the white clouds, and part of the interstate roadway with rolling automobiles. Zeresh rarely looked behind her collar bone at the ugly view.
On the opposite side wall, the warm paint held a geometric design of her two college diplomas and CPA license inside an individual nice wooden picture frame. Once she removed each picture frame, an ugly shallow dark tinted hole would stare at the new administrator with amusement.
The second floor office setting had been her reward as a good sport for coming in second place in the President Wars. Thus, Zeresh had nicely accepted the reward, placement and her new office environment.
Her two older eyeballs returned back and stared out the open office door, not hearing any sounds of clicking finger pads on the computer keyboard, ringing telephones on each desk, stomping footfalls over the carpet, slapping metal filing cabinet drawers, popping open numerous soda cans or clanking of food plates. She nodded with a smile at the easy day of work in the office leading towards nine more ease days with no work assignment, until the end of her two week retirement day, next Friday morning.
Zeresh slapped both of her palms gently down onto the wood. Zeresh glanced down at her necklace that continued a tiny watch. The second piece of jewelry from her loving husband. She didn't like wearing items on either wrist bone, only a wedding band on her finger and a pair of earring stubs in each earlobe. She viewed the time: 07:49 am. She had a meeting with the president of the hospital discussing the current news event from last night, a set of rotten organs inside several patients, who died at their residence, coming from two individual licensed hospital medical center in the State of Mississippi.
At the office desk, she reached down and opened the center drawer, lifting up the worn leather portfolio with a small tablet of real lined paper, closing the drawer. Zeresh had received the shiny soft black tinted portfolio as a gift from her parents on her first day of work as a new accountant at Birmingham Hospital. Both of her parents had smoothly passed away surrounded by family three years ago.
Zeresh slowly stood upright from the chair and reached out, grabbing the blue tinted ink pen with a smirk for the four blue-tinted dead organ transplantation patients, who died last week. She left her office and padded down the hallway, taking the elevator along with other people up towards the top floor, the tenth floor of the executives.
The elevator door slid open and revealed a lonely Zeresh. The rest of the occupants had stepped off the carriage visiting a different floor in the hospital tower. She exhaled with annoyance and mental thought the US State of Mississippi was four hours due west from the US State of Alabama. A set of rotten organs did not walk across the state line and invaded a set of sock patients. She exited the carriage softly chuckling at her mental thoughts, silently nodding to the lobby secretary, who watched the lobby space for strangers. Then she turned an faced the side wall, moving down the common hallway for a few feet, turning again and halted inside the open archway.
Her biological parents had instilled a set of southern manners, when Zeresh was a small child. Today, Zeresh still exhibited those same southern matters and continued to stand inside the archway while watching for the head nod from President Pamphlea Brutum.

At 07:58 am, a loud noise permeated the quiet hallway, when the other invitee appeared and talked on her personal mobile telephone, slamming into the collar bone Zeresh, entering the presidential office with bad southern belle manners, without an invitation.
Zeresh continued to stand and softly sneered at the back spine on the compliance officer, seeing the hand wave coming from Pamphlea. She entered the spacious office with three walls of glass viewing the blue sky, the rolling white clouds, flying birds, buildings, and numerous walkways with people, sitting down at the large conference table that held eight chairs. The conference table was made of light wood with matching chairs. The center piece held a short glass plate of fresh cut flowers in an assortment of red, pink, orange, and yellow blooms, representing the bright summertime day.
Gaudette Pulla was a middle-age woman of 40 years old and served as the compliance officer for the hospital, wearing a cute yellow and orange designer business suit, a pair of yellow tinted sandals, and an orange tinted blouse, still talking rudely on her personal mobile telephone before the presidential meeting. She possessed a head of auburn hair without gray strands, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin. She carried a cute hard copy small notebook for writing with a set of red tinted roses behind a white tinted background and tied with a black elastic band. On the side, a matching ink pen cover clipped onto the material. She placed the notebook on the table slapping the cover with her fingers, still talking on her phone.
Zeresh scooted down on the opposite side and looked with a stern face at Gaudette, in silence.
Pamphlea left her office desk with a stern face and slid down at the head of the table, without a sheet of paper or her personal mobile telephone or an ink pen. Gaudette ended her personal telephone call and stared at Pamphlea. The president stared at Zeresh only. "I will assume that you had heard on the newscast last night, the dead patients with rotten organs. These two hospitals are going to be wiped financially clean off the planet after the slew of mega-million dollar legal lawsuits. The family of the four patients are suing every person and every building and everything on that hospital campus. I do not want that happening here. Go and audit the annual collection of organ transplantation patients. I wanna know, if we are facing anything like this. Get going right now! I want a completed and polished audit report by Wednesday morning in my face at eight o'clock. If your audit report is delayed, then we all have a problem."
Gaudette nodded with a smile and stood upright from the chair, exiting the office. Zeresh nodded in silence to the president. Pamphlea stood upright from the table and spun around, leaving her office for another meeting.
Inside the presidential office, at the conference table, Zeresh stood upright from the chair and surveyed the room, exhaling with relief. She did not like chaos with a crisis. An emergency was not her cup of tea, as they say. She left the office and entered back into the lobby space, seeing Gaudette. Zeresh only had worked with Gaudette with the minor employee thieves and the stolen hospital laptop computers. Gaudette handled all of the legal matters as she was also a licensed Alabama lawyer, which was needed for her working job at Birmingham Hospital.
Zeresh turned and stood in front of the closed elevator door, exhaling with annoyance. She wanted to work alone, auditing the financial invoices for several of the organs, without explaining her procedure to the compliance officers.

At 08:08 am, Gaudette spun around and padded ahead towards the elevator doors, stopping beside Zeresh. "Where do we start? I do not audit things, only policies and processes and procedures. What is the first step with an organ transplantation audit? That's a funny word, transplantation."
The carriage softly dinged with alert. The door slid open and revealed any empty floor. They ended and spun around, facing the executive lobby of vanilla and brown colors.
Zeresh reached over and button the last bottom without emotion. "We start in the basement of the accounting department. We need to review all of the different types of organs that the hospital surgical department implants in each patient."
She gasped in shock. "How many organ transplantations does Birmingham Hospital perform?"
Zeresh smiled at the door. "Hundreds!" The carriage stopped, then the single door slid opened, revealing a narrow hallway with bright blinding artificial light. Zeresh laughed out loud.
"Hundreds!" Gaudette gasped in shock and stared down a long narrow hallway.

At 08:14 am, the basement level floor housed 200 workers in the large space which was separated by a narrow hallway, where each dull tan colored wall paint displayed an open archway that led into either the female bathroom or the male. At the end of the long quiet hallway, the worker turned and entered one of the glass doors, stepping into Cubicle World.
Zeresh led off the open carriage floor with a wicked smile and slowly moved down the hallway, pointing at the bathroom on the side wall, which was clearly labeled Women's Bathroom.
Gaudette's private business office was located on the 9th floor below the executive offices and with the other lawyers that protected the hospital from lawsuits.
Zeresh stopped at the solid wall of nothing and turned to the side wall, facing a glass door. She paced ahead of Gaudette and reached over, opening the door for her co-worker. Gaudette slowly entered into the new world of noise and artificial ceiling lamps.
The basement did not provide a single window of sunlight or a wall of pretty or ugly hospital art works, only a matching dull colored tan hue on the solid painted walls. In-between three of the four walls, each row and column held a single dull vanilla colored, three five-feet tall walls surrounding a living person. Inside the three walls, a fake light colored table top with fake matching side walls hid the living and breathing person. Each person worked for one of the hospital departments that included the accounting department, the medical records department, the payroll department, or the purchasing department.
One side wall held four individual tiny conference rooms for a private business meeting with a small round conference table and four office chairs. The opposite side wall was enclosed around a small kitchette in dull tan hue with a stainless steel wash sink, a matching stainless steel refrigerator, an ancient coffee pot, and numerous upper and lower fake light colored wooden cabinets with kitchen supplies for the hospital employees.
Gaudette slowly strolled down the long front wall. Zeresh passed Gaudette and turned down the third column of cubicles, pacing towards the rear wall. The rear wall held a row of ceiling to floor glass wall, which were separated by a sliding glass door and occupied by each supervisor for the different hospital departments. The fourth glass office held the controller of the hospital, Custan Otosan.
Zeresh stopped and stood in the open archway, knocking on the glass window while alerting her presence to Custan. Then she waited for invitation into the office setting.
Gaudette continued to stroll ahead and slammed into the back spine on Zeresh, shuffling around Zeresh, entering the private office and slid down into one of the two office chairs in front of Custan's office desk. She looked down at her buzzing personal mobile telephone and said to Custan. "Hey, Custan! I need to see samples of organ transplantations as soon as possible. I'm working on a special project for President Pamphlea."
Custan continued to face the side wall and typed the keyboard of the business computer laptop, displaying a head of long black colored hair, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of brown eyes, wearing a red tinted jacket, a white blouse, and a matching pair of trousers. She ignored the rude co-worker and to the respectable Zeresh, "Come inside and sit down, Zeresh!" Zeresh entered the room with a smile and slid down into the second chair. Custan turned and smiled to Zeresh only while ignoring Gaudette again.
Zeresh nodded. "You must have heard the terrible newscast last night on the local television news station about the rotten organ that killed those Mississippi medical transplant patients.  Pamphlea has ordered an audit of the current listing of organs since the first day of the calendar year. Can you please assist here?"
Custan nodded. "I can and I know also. President Pamphlea has already called me too. I have one of the conference rooms which is located on the side wall here inside the basement ready for your audit review. I will escort you to the room."
Gaudette looked up and frowned at Custan. "Wait! I have more questions. Can you provide an overview of the organ transplantation program here at the hospital?"
She turned and frowned at the co-worker. "Human transplantation organs consist of human eyeballs, hearts, livers, lungs, and other human organs that come from another source, not the patient here at our hospital setting. Last year, Birmingham Hospital received lots of hearts, lungs, livers, and eyeballs, and other organs. I had the account payable staff members pull out all of the organ financial invoices for your review audit. The stacks of paper are located inside the same conference room."
Gaudette gasped in shock, "Wait! Why do you still retain paper files? We instituted a ruling that moving us away from dead tree trunks to electronic writing and written materials."
She exhaled with annoyance. "Then you need to tattle-tail to the US Federal Government agencies to catch up to the 21st Century. All of the US Federal Government agencies still use the paper files when each auditor comes on site for review. What else do you need, Zeresh?"
Zeresh slowly stood upright from the chair and nodded to Custan. "Thank you so much, Custan! That's all the information we need." She spun around and left the office, turning down the side wall of glass, entering the small kitchette and stopped in front of the microwave. She prepared a cup of hot chocolate from the food stores and asked with a smile. "Are you interested in a cold or hot beverage, Gaudette? The food stores are filled with yummy treats that all employees share."
Gaudette followed behind Zeresh and stopped inside the kitchen space, nodding with a smile, preparing a hot beverage. "I want a cup of hot tea."
They left the kitchen space with a hot beverage. Zeresh led back down the wall of glass, twisted to the side, and paced down to the only lighted room. She turned and entered the conference room, stopped, sliding down into one of the chairs around the table, sitting the cup and her portfolio on top of the surface.
Gaudette entered and slid down into the opposite chair, whipping out her mobile telephone, reading the new text message and slowly sipped on the hot tea. 

At 08:31 am, Zeresh flipped open the cover and exposed the lined paper, placing the ink pen on top of the surface, reading the new information. She stopped and jolted down important pieces of data on the notepad, closing the file, placing down on top of the ugly brown and yellow cushion in the extra office chair.
Gaudette dropped the cup of heat beside her telephone and reached over with a sour frown, grabbing the first file, slapping the paper file down onto the smooth table. She opened the cover and gasped in shock. "A pair of lungs costs 55,000 dollars. What is this?"
Zeresh continued to scan the invoice jolting down the important information while addressing the question from the compliance officers. "That is a financial invoice for purchasing a pair of lungs."
She looked up and frowned at the gray tinted hair roots on Zeresh. "I know this is an invoice. The statement reads: invoice. Why is the hospital paying for a pair of lungs? I mean, the lungs are free for the dead human. Once the human is dead, his or her lungs are free for the taking," she giggled with silliness.
Zeresh looked up and exhaled with annoyance, viewing Gaudette. "A human is not for sale. Once the human dies, the lungs must be removed and then purchased for the next sick human. This is the cycle?"
"?of death and then life," she laughed. "I still don't understand. The human signed a legal contract that provides all of his organs free of charge for another human life. Even Almighty God does not charge a human for their limbs or organs. The human body is free. Why should we pay for something that God gives for free?"
Zeresh frowned. "You have to ask God that question. I can't answer it. However, as long as the human lives here on Planet Earth, the human dies. Then the human, who has signed a legal contract, gives their healthy organ for another human to live. However, the removal of the human organ is done by a medical physician, not an angel or by God, so the medical physician and the hospital staff performing the organ removal surgery gets paid with earthly treasures usually in the format of coins and dollars."
She frowned. "That's silly!"
Zeresh nodded. "That's reality!"
"Does the human get paid?"
"No."
She gasped in shock. "Does the dead human's family get paid for each freed human organ that their dead human relative is releasing for another live human body?"
"No."
She frowned. "This is a racket."
Zeresh frowned. "I beg your pardon. What does that mean?"
She flipped her hand in the air and nodded her curls. "The human receives a body, for free, from God. Then the human body dies, by God's hand. Then the dead and decaying human body is cut and sliced like a piece of meat into individual fleshy and bloody chunks and sold to the highest bidder. And each party must pay another party for the chunk of fleshy and bloody human meat."
Zeresh smiled. "You got it, kid!" She looked down and started reading the new invoice. Gaudette gasped in shock and exhaled in annoyance, staring at the gray-tinted hair roots on Zeresh, reaching out and grabbed her personal mobile telephone. She tapped on the keyboard.

At 08:47, inside the tiny auditor's room, Zeresh read through each paper file very quickly and jolted down her notes on the sheet of paper, desiring to finish the assigned audit by the lunchtime meal. She wanted to go back home and start rearranging her library setting, getting ready for some new action and adventure novels. She used to read the romantic novels and became turned off with too much sex. Then she tried reading the mystery murder novels and became frustrated that she could not figure out the murderer. Then she switched to science fiction novels and became confused with all of the weird outer space terms. Finally, she tried the fantasy novels and did not like dragons or elves or witches. O my!
Gaudette continued to play on her personal mobile telephone, instead of reading through each paper file, jolting down the organ information. "Whoa!" She liked to use that expressive word all the time. "On the Black Market, the cost of a pair of eyeballs is 30,000 dollars, US. The price tag for a pair of lungs is 150,000 dollars, US. The price for a heart is priceless. The price for a heart organ is 130,000 dollars, US.  The cost for liver organ is 98,000 dollars, US. The price of a kidney organ is 62,000 dollars, US. A human has two kidneys, but only needs one to survive. I learned that medical information in my biology class in college. So, a pair of kidney organs is 122,000 dollars, US."
Zeresh exhaled with annoyance and slightly lowered her natural timber, talking to her partner on the audit. "Do you need assistance with your stack of paper files? Have you finished reviewing your stack of paper files, Gaudette?"
"I'm almost finished," she dropped her phone on top of the table surface and reached out, grabbing the first paper file, opening the flip and read the information. She jolted down the organ information, in silence.
Zeresh exhaled with annoyance at the incompetent employee, slapping the cover shut, reviewing her notes. "I have finished my review. I have reviewed transplantations for the following organ items: three hearts, four pairs of lungs, two livers, six pair of eyeballs, one spleen, three small intestines, and four pancreases. Each organ came from the company Happy Organs, LLC." She looked up and stared at the auburn tinted hair strands. "Now, we need to investigate Happy Organs, LLC. First, the letters LLC represent limited liability company. The business structure is owned and operated by one person which merges the features of a corporation and a partnership firm for taxation purposes. So, to complete the rest of the audit, we need to find the name of the person that owns Happy Organs, LLC. I will visit the local IRS office here in Birmingham. I can fill out the name of the person, who runs Happy Organs, LLC. You need to visit the Hall of Records and find out?"
"Why should I do that?" Gaudette looked up with a sour and a matching tone. "The local IRS office has all of the information. You don't need to go and visit any physical place. You can call on the telephone from your office. Then I'm done with this organ transplantation audit. That's a funny name, transplantation." She giggled with silliness.
Zeresh frowned, "The IRS does not answer the telephone. I must visit the local office and retrieve the name and address of the Happy Organs, LLC owner. The Hall of Records will list the founding year and the local current license information about Happy Organs, LLC. We are working on an audit of the company that supplies us fresh boxes of human organs. We must determine if the business company is compliant, not disqualified, without a valid business license. Does that statement mean sense to you, Compliance Officer?"
She huffed with annoyance and slowly stood upright from the chair, holding only her personal mobile telephone, sneering at Zeresh. "I get it. I'll going." Gaudette back stepped from the table and spun around, scooting away from the chair, the table, Zeresh, and the office.
Zeresh slowly stood upright from the chair and huffed out loud with frustration at the incompetent co-worker, snatching up the notebook, leaving the conference room also. She left all of the files intact and messy as the organ transplantation audit was not finished. Zeresh quickly left the basement room, entered the elevator carriage, removed back to her office, collecting her handbag, leaving her office, and then the house for the local IRS office.

At 09:31 am, Zeresh had returned back to her personal automobile, after speaking with the nice and informative IRS government accountant, from sweating from the heated morning sunlight, sitting in the driver's seat and dialed the personal mobile telephone's number for Gaudette Pulla. She waited and heard the ringing tone. Finally, Gaudette answered and Zeresh spoke at the same time. "Holding company!"
Zeresh gasped in shock. "Yes, Happy Organs, LLC is a holding company for a set of owners. Did you get the names of the persons?" She frowned. "No! I didn't get the names either." She listened to Gaudette's whine, then said. "Because Happy Organs, LLC is a private business company. I need a criminal act and a police search warrant to get the owner names. You want to the Hall of Records. Is Happy Organs, LLC a valid business company?" She waited and listened to Gaudette. "That's excellent. Happy Organs, LLC is a valid company. The holding company address is 1313 Hollywood Boulevard in the city of Mountain Brook. Let's go and visit them asking a ton of questions. Then we can finish the audit of human organs and provide an audit letter to Pamphlea today." She disconnected the telephone call with a smile and started the cold engine, slowly steering from the IRS office to the city of Mountain Brook.

At 09:54 am, in the city of Mountain Brook, off Highway 31, Zeresh stopped her automobile inside a horizontal-shaped parking lot, viewing a tall and wide fifteen story building in the traditional red tinted brick coating with rows of glass windows. The business office held a veranda for dropping off people, not parking cars during poor weather. So, Zeresh had to use the open parking lot for her car in the blistering heat of a summertime day. She opened the door and slid off the driver's seat, standing in the heat, sweating on her face and closed the door. She shuffled ahead towards the cool veranda and pressed the key fob locking the door, moving underneath the veranda and entered the lobby of tans and golds. She halted and gasped in alarm.
Gaudette were there leaning against the wall, talking on her personal mobile telephone.
Zeresh walked around the small enclosed space which was decorated in solid glass windows and then stopped in front of the building menu, searching for the holding company name, Happy Organs, LLC.
"The company is located on the thirteenth floor. I've already checked." Gaudette said removing the phone from her face and moved ahead, slamming the elevator button, waiting on the carriage and heard the metal gears.
Zeresh continued to scan the building listing verifying the location. The elevator chime sounded with a musical ding. Gaudette entered the carriage first. Zeresh followed behind her, spinning around, staring at an empty lobby. Gaudette pressed the 13th button. The door closed shut. The carriage lifted upwards towards the designated floor and then halted, reopening the door.
Gaudette exited the carriage first and scanned each suite number while searching for the math number thirteen. "Isn't that strange that the floor and the suite is the math number thirteen? I though the math number thirteen was an unlucky number?.
"?for a child," Zeresh laughed out loud at her silly co-worker and continued behind Gaudette, scanning each wall.
Gaudette stopped in front a closed door that displayed in black paint the math number thirteen, reaching out with a smile and touched, twisting the door handle. She frowned and continued to twist the door handle. "Hmm! The entrance door is locked." She leaned over and touched the solid glass wall in-between the metal door, viewing a dark colored wooden office desk and a matching chair with a black tinted computer laptop. "The reception space is well-lighted. I can see the office desk and chair, without a receptionist. Are the crew at lunch? Is it lunchtime?'
"The time is 10:11 in the late morning." Zeresh stopped and moved ahead, not slamming into opposite glass wall on the other side of the entrance door, seeing the same scene. She frowned with annoyance. This lack of proper personnel will delay the audit letter to Pamphlea. Zeresh back stepped from the glass window, scanning the smooth surface for any additional information. She clapped with a smile. "I see it." Zeresh moved ahead and touched the hand painted words beside the door. "Do you see it here?"
Gaudette scooted sideways and frowned at the new information. "What is that?"
She nodded with a grin. "That's our new information here. This is the holding company office which is located here. There is a docking facility, which is located on 777 Birmingham Street, in the city of Birmingham. We go there and find the answers finishing up the audit review," Zeresh spun around first with a smile and raced down the hallway towards the elevator carriage. Gaudette continued to stand in front of the metal door and gasped in shock, spinning around with girly laughter, following Zeresh. They arrived at the closed elevator door. Zeresh pressed the button and waited for the carriage. The elevator appeared and opened the single sliding door, revealing an empty carriage. They entered with a set of girly giggles and smiles. The door closed. The carriage lowered down to the first level floor. The door slid open. Both Zeresh and Gaudette raced ahead for fun to an individual automobile, carefully steering to the next building on 777 Birmingham Street.

At 10:43 am, after arriving second, parking her automobile, Gaudette exited the car and dashed ahead over the smooth pavement in gray hue, pulling up beside Zeresh, staring at the massive structure with puzzlement.
The docking facility structure stood seven stories high in dull vanilla-coated concrete blocks on top of a three-foot tall matching vanilla-tinted concrete platform which easily covered three city blocks. The rooftop was flat. Each exterior structural wall displayed three individual loading docks that were flush with the building envelope that held an individual delivery truck. 
A loading bay is a designated area of a warehouse building, where a delivery vehicle is located and unloaded with a set of individual products.
The delivery truck appears in dull white colored hue with the company name: Happy Organs, LLC. There was a cute painted logo that displayed a dancing red tinted heart organ for the same company.
Gaudette lectured with a smile to Zeresh and studied the massive structure with curiosity. "I am the compliance officer at Birmingham Hospital. A compliance officer works with the business company and complies with all outside regulatory and legal requirements as well as internal policies. A compliance officer possesses a set of good communication skills, including listening, speaking and writing exhibit tact and diplomacy, have an enquiring, analytical mind, be approachable particularly when dealing with changes to working methods. A compliance officer also prepares schedules and timetables for the inspection of management practices, conduct periodic assessment of an organization's operations for validation, and develop and implement strategies necessary for minimizing risk of non-compliance. A compliance officer is responsible to reduce vulnerability to fraud, abuse, and waste, revises the program in light of changes in needs of the organization within the law and policies and procedures of government and private payers to the organization. A compliance officer makes sure organizations or individuals conform to contractual obligations, government regulations, and laws. Under this broad occupational title is a group of more specific job titles including environmental compliance inspector, licensing examiner and inspector, equal opportunity representative and officer."
Zeresh ignored her co-worker Gaudette and studied the building. She didn't know, if the exterior structural wall was the front of the warehouse building as each side of the building appeared the same with three flush loading docks and three stationary delivery trucks also. She headed to the front wall intersection that displayed a white tinted metal door, which might lead down a busy hallway towards the business office. She stopped in front of the metal door with a smile and reached out, touching the sliver tinted door knob, when a cupped hand slapped her collar bone. Zeresh gasped in shock and spun around, seeing Gaudette.
Gaudette laughed out loud and shoved Zeresh to the side, reaching out, touching the same door knob and opened the door, entering an empty hallway. Zeresh continued to stand and faced the parking lot, slapping her chest in fear, exhaling and then inhaling fresh air molecules in fright. She spun around and caught the closing doorframe, entering the same empty hallway. The hallway was painted in dull white hue and extremely tall in height and wide in length than the normal hospital corridor. A set of wiggling horizontal lines in black hue were smeared on each side of the hallway wall. The air temperatures felt chilly cold to her body also.
Zeresh spotted Gaudette, who continued to swiftly move down the empty hallway darting her face to each side wall and then stopped, standing in front the side wall. Zeresh quickly rushed down the same hallway viewing a tiny individual office room that was painted in different colored wall paint, without a human body.

Use and abuse the pun!

Then Zeresh stopped and stood beside Gaudette, gasping in shock, viewing an open archway. Zeresh studied the interior walls of the first loading bay in front of the parking lot that contained three flush individual open docks, where the rear end of an individual delivery truck covered the entire opening. A crew of warehouse workers wore a set of yellow tinted operating surgical medical scrubs, including a matching skull cap, a face mask, a pair of rubber gloves, a set of foot booties on each shoe, like each worker was a medical physician. Each worker scurried around the floor with a specific job function, like an army of ants. Seven yellow tinted equipment forklift machines buzzed around the floor gently loading a long metal pallet in the air waves that held two rows of black tinted boxes which measured one-foot in height by one-foot in width by one-foot in depth. Each forklift machine steered from the rear wall then spun around, trucking ahead, loading the metal pallet inside the rear compartment on one of the three delivery trucks.
The air temperatures were chilled at 51 degrees Fahrenheit that appeared in a display box on the exterior hallway wall.
Gaudette moved away from the open archway shaking her cold body from the cold air and slowly padded down the rest of the empty corridor. Every five feet, an open doorway displayed another tiny office that was painted in a different color.
Zeresh back stepped from the open archway and shivered in creepiness. Maybe, the audit visitation to the Happy Organs loading dock facility was not a good idea. Zeresh could have called the business office and asked her questions through a conference call from the warmth of her private office at the hospital. She slowly moved down the same hallway seeing another tiny office with a different set of colored room paint.
Up ahead, Gaudette stopped and stood in front of an open archway, slapping her chest, waving her arm in the air. She spoke out loud, where her words echoed down the empty hallway. "Hello! My name is Gaudette Pulla. I am an employee at Birmingham Hospital here in Birmingham, Alabama. I am interested?"
Zeresh turned and gasped in shock, viewing Gaudette, quickly trotting ahead in her low-heels and plump older body, stopping and stood beside Gaudette and viewed one of the warehouse workers.
The warehouse worker stood behind a white tinted office desk with small stack of notebooks. The four walls were colored in dull mint green hue. The worker was a female based on the fit of the yellow tinted medical scrubs. Her hair roots were covered in a matching skull cap. Both of her hands were covered in matching rubber gloves. All of her regular clothes were behind the fitted yellow tinted medical scrubs.
Zeresh continued to stand beside Gaudette and nodded several times to the unnamed warehouse workers in silence.
Gaudette continued. "The president of Birmingham Hospital is concerned about the fresh, not rotten human organs which are delivered each day to the loading dock facility at the hospital for a daily transplantation operation. Do you have some time to discuss the delivery of transplantation organs to Birmingham Hospital with me?"
The warehouse worker nodded with a smile and pointed down at the two office chairs in white hue with a thinly padded cushion. "Yes, I can address all of your organ transplantation questions. And yes, that question has been running around the facility from numerous hospital and medical centers, after the terrible news from the Mississippi Medical Hospitals. We are happy to supply the human organs for all of your transplant patients at Birmingham Hospital. Please come inside and sit down, so we can chat for a while." Zeresh and Gaudette entered the room and sat down in the office, staring at the warehouse worker. She sat down in the chair behind the office desk, placing both of her arms on top of the table surface, nodding to each guest. "Organ trafficking used to be an international problem throughout the world with a price tag of 1.7 billion dollars, US. Once upon a time, there existed a low supply and high demand for organs. Now, every sick patient can get a kidney or a liver or a set of lungs."
"Really!" Gaudette nodded.
"Historically 100,000 kidney used t be traded on the Black Market."
"What!"
"Past history, a kidney transplantation would wait for four years to receive a 'used, not abused' kidney. I mean, a human kidney is not manufactured like a new metal automobile, is it now? The kidney comes from some person, not some machine. Now, the waiting time for a used kidney is two weeks."
"What!"
She snapped her fingers ang laughed. "Do you need a kidney? Snap! One is coming by ambulance to you at your organ transplantation medical center. Now days, the concept of organ trafficking, and the organ traffickers has died. The medical community can fill the demand without the cut throat or Black Market prices too."
"How many lungs past through the Happy Organs, LLC docks here at your distribution center?" Zeresh nodded with a fake smile. That was her real answer, not the fluff about the organ trafficking issue.
The export clerk nodded. "Well, these figures come from last year, of course," she looked down and flipped open a notebook, reading the typed information from the page. "There were 4,004 lung transplantations last year. A human cannot donate an entire lung organ, since he will die, of course. The donor can act as a living donor and performs a living donor lung transplant, where the lower lobes on their lung on the right side of the chest has three lobes and the left lung has two lobes that comes from two donors, which hare transplanted into one sick patient. The survival rate is 95 percent in the first year and 80 percent after the first year breathing with a used pair of lungs. Math numbers show 60 percent of lung transplantations are former smokers. I mean, who else really needs a new pair of lungs, unless the person has a car accident. The age limit on the lung transplantation is 75 years of age."
Gaudette nodded. "Whoa! That information is astonishing. And the lung transplantation world is wicked, where a smoker of cigarettes and cigars burns their human pair of lungs and then gets rewarded with a new pair of lungs. What do you call that?"
"New World Order," Zeresh sneered. Gaudette turned and stared at the nose profile on Zeresh along with the export clerk, in silence.
The export clerk cleared her throat. "Again, the waiting time for a lung organ used to be a few days coming from a matching family member to many years from a stranger, depending upon the disease. Now days, snap, you get a pair of lungs within seven working days including Saturday and Sunday, which is like ordering a plate of pork bar-be-que.'
Zeresh nodded. "What is your cost for the lung extraction and then transportation to each medical hospital?"
The export clerk smiled. "Happy Organs LLC charges 50,000 dollars for a pair of lungs."
Gaudette gasped. "What!"
She frowned. "Did I say something wrong?"
"No!" Zeresh smiled. "You did not. Please continue to educate us about the organ transportation, ma'am."
The export clerk smiled. "21,000 used livers are transplanted here in the USA with a survival rate of 85 percent. The best news of all, no one dies from the lack of a used liver organ. A transplanted patient can live for 30 years with a used liver organ. The liver is the only organ that possesses the ability to regenerate. The liver can regenerate right after surgical removal or after chemical injury. Isn't that great? Twenty-five percent of the liver mass can regenerate back into a full functioning human liver organ. God is great! Amen!"
"Amen!" Gaudette nodded with a smile.
"Historically, a sick patient waited over one year for a used liver organ but not anymore."
Gaudette nodded. "Whoa!"
"Historically, a used liver organ went to the sick patient that could sustain their life force and then maintain a healthy life form after the dangerous liver transplantation surgery. So, lots of sick, sick patient died without receiving a liver organ. Also, a liver patient had to pay 350 dollars in order to place their name on the liver organ donor list, while waiting for a used liver organ. Then the local transplantation center would refuse to send out any of their used livers to other US States and cities. Once upon a time, the nasty member of the USA congress men and women had voted that the US National Organ Registry could not allocate an organ to the sickest patient which increased the mortality of the other less sicker patients and wasted the used organ, and increased the transplantation costs for everyone, but not anymore."
"What does your statement mean, not anymore, ma'am? I do not understand." Zeresh frowned.
The export clerk smiled. "175,000 heart transplantations were performed last year, which means 479 patients received a heart organ per day in the hospital."
Gaudette nodded. "Whoa!"
"A few years ago, only 36,569 patients received a heart transplant, which was 100 patient per day."
Zeresh gasped in shock and quickly calculated the math numbers in her smart neurons. "That is an increase of 378 percent. Why is that happening now, today?"
The clerk shook her curls with a puzzled brow. "I do not know. The survival rate is 95 percent for a heart recipient, even after 15 years of life. A heart patient has no choice but to die from heart disease, without a used heart organ coming from a heart donor. A heart donor is a dead person that is kept alive on a machine. The brain cells show no spiked activity without the gray matter. Most donors come from a sever car accident or a severe head injury or a gunshot wound, not in the heart, but the hard head. The kicker here, no one knows this place of medical knowledge. A male patient must receive a male heart organ, not a female heart organ. Or the transplanted female heart organ is rejected in the sick male's human body. Now you tell me that Almighty God did not create man and woman different for some reason." She giggled with Gaudette, not Zeresh. "A heart transplantation patient can be 70 years old or less and must possess an end of stage heart disease before receiving the heart organ. Also, a sick patient can receive a second or third heart transplant, if she got the money, honey." She winked and laughed with the sick joke, clearing her throat. "Heart disease is an inherited disorder that damages a used heart organ in the same person, who become sick again. Historically, a heart organ patient had to wait months for a heart organ or died from heart disease, but not?
"?anymore?" Gaudette giggled with silliness. Zeresh rolled her two eyeballs into the back of her skull and then returned back staring at the clerk, in silence.
The export clerk nodded. "Historically, 113,000 sick patient including men, women, infants, toddlers, teens, and senior adults were listed in the World Organ Transplantation Database while waiting for their specific organs, but not anymore. The same database is used but is updated every second and the sick patient's wish is filled every week or seven working days. And right now, 95 percent of people support organ donation."
"I don't. I do not. I am not." Gaudette shook her curls with a sour frown.
"Also, 60 percent of people sign up for organ donation."
"Not me! Never! Nope! Nada!" Gaudette shook her curls with a stern face again.
"One human donor can save eight human lives, because eight organs are harvested from one dead person and implanted into eight individuals, saving a life. "
"Not me! No way! Not my eight organs, they will never be harvested from my dead person or live body or ever from me. I'm keeping them and taking them with me down into my grave. Yes, way!" Gaudette nodded with a smile.
"Now, Happy Organs LLC sends organs throughout the medical centers in the great State of Alabama, USA, Canada, Africa, Asia, Spain, England, Germany, France, Japan, India, China and other countries throughout the world."
"What!" Zeresh gasped in shock.
"160,000 corneas transplantations took place last year. The corneal transplantation is the second most common surgery, after blood donations. Some used pair of eyeballs last forever. Some used pair of eyeballs need a second corneal transplantation, after twenty years of usage due to age and the health of the donor two eyeballs. A diseased eyeball qualifies the new corneal transplant patient for the first or a second surgery. The success rate for a pair of used eyeballs is 80 percent. The eyeball tissues come from a dead person."
Gaudette nodded. "Whoa!"
The export clerk nodded. "150,000 kidney transplants occurred last year. That is only a single kidney transplant for each patient coming from a live donor. A kidney transplant patient can live for 30 years without a replacement. A sick patient can receive a second kidney transplant. A kidney transplant replaces the kidney dialysis treatment at the local hospital center. And, again, a female patient needs a female kidney, not a male kidney. The female kidney organ is smaller in size when compared to a male kidney organ. A female patient will reject a male kidney organ. 80 year old patients are receiving the appropriate gender-related kidney organ which decreases their death day and increases their life span. Or maybe, it is God's will. Amen!" She chuckled with Gaudette, not with Zeresh.
Gaudette smiled. "Amen!"
"Your blood proteins and tissue matter must be compatible with the receiving patient recipient for your giving kidney, if you are the live donor. Historically, there existed an Organ Broker, such like, like a money bank broker, who found a used kidney from a live donor and then the Organ Broker was paid a money fee. He then paid the patient's transportation, food meals, hotel bills, and other travel expenses, which usually cost 10,000 dollars, US, but not anymore," she laughed with Zeresh. Gaudette frowned with annoyance. The export clerk continued. "New subject, bone marrow transplantation replaces bad bone marrow, which is damaged by disease, infection, or chemotherapy drug use. Blood stem cells or stem cell transplantation are blood cells which are transplanted into the diseased body that travels inside the bone marrow, where the bone marrow produces new blood cells and promotes growth of new marrow in the depleted bone tissue. The success rate is 85 percent. The patient receives a used set of bone marrow blood stem cells from a live donor within two weeks."
Gaudette smiled. "Whoa!"
"For blood donations, as a healthy human, you can donate your own blood through a blood bank or at your local hospital medical center. Whole blood donation is fifty dollars, US. Bone marrow blood stem cells are priced at 250 dollars, US. White blood cells cost 100 dollars, US. The donor must be between ages 17 and 44 years old."
Zeresh wiggled in the uncomfortable chair and nodded with a fake smile to the export clerk, "Well, you have enlightened my world in the subject of organ transplantation. Thanks for your time from your busy schedule. I have one more question, before I return back to my working job. Where does each organ come from?"
The export clerk frowned at Zeresh and then nodded with a smile. "An organ only comes from one of the licensed Organ Transplantation Centers, which are located and protected, and audited by the US Federal Government. You can see the name and location of each organ center on the US Federal Government website, if you need how to operate a computer and access the internet or you can use the telephone and call the government."
She gasped in alarm with the new information and should have researched her question on the global internet, finding the same answer. However, organ transplantation was not her field of study or a subject of internal audit at the hospital within her work parameters.
Gaudette giggled with several head nods and swiftly stood upright from the uncomfortable chair, "That answers all of my questions too. Thanks for your time! I've enjoyed the chilly conversation and learned too much about the world of organ transplantation. Let's go and get back to the hospital, Zeresh! I have another meeting before completing my active work day," she scooted sideways from the chair and left the office setting first. She and Zeresh had drove separate automobiles to the Happy Organs LLC docking facility.
Inside the office setting, Zeresh slowly stood upright from the thinly padded chair and nodded in silence back to the knowledgeable export clerk, scooting sideways from the chair, spinning around and left the office environment. She slowly padded back down a busy hallway between large crates of red tinted metal boxes. Each one hugged a used, not abused organ from a live donor or a dead person, slowly moving towards the grand room, falling into one of the stacks for delivery somewhere within the world to a new hospital medical center. She saw bright sunlight and finally stepped out from the chilled warehouse room, feeling the warmth on her cold cheekbones, exhaling in embarrassment and slowly strolled back to her personal automobile.

At the time of 11:11 am, Gaudette had left the parking lot, returning back to the hospital completing her work job for the day.

At the time of 11:12 am, if Zeresh had only researched the internet first, then she would be the hero, not the loser. She reached her personal automobile and exhaled with annoyance, opening the door, sliding down into the driver's seat and started the cold engine.

At 11:31 am, Zeresh drove very slowly and carefully feeling lousy about her wrong conclusion on the new assignment, coming from the president of the hospital. She parked her car in her assigned parking spot on the second level of the parking garage with a direct footpath through the building into her second floor office setting.
She entered her office space without scanning the two rows of empty office desks. Her four employees still continued their internal accounting audit training courses in the fun place of Tampa, within the hot, sizzling State of Florida, for the rest of the week.
She slowly strolled through the parking garage, into her office, sitting down at the office chair while sweating from the heat of the car ride. No matter how many times she runs the air conditioning unit inside her car, she still sweats from the intense heat of summer. She placed her briefcase down on the floor and her purse and portfolio on top of the desk surface, drumming her finger on top of the flat surface. She had completed the assignment with promptness and a set of annoying results.
Zeresh turned to the side wall, facing the computer, and tapped on the computer keyboard, activating the machine, typing in her secret password. She viewed the lighted screen and read the new email message coming from Gaudette Pulla. She clicked the mouse pad and read the new email out loud, "Memo for current audit of organ transplantation to President Pamphlea Brutum. Both of the Compliance Office and the Internal Audit Office has reviewed and completed an audit for hundreds of organ transplantation procedures during the current calendar year here at Birmingham Hospital. Each implanted organ comes from an outside vendor without federal penalties or regulation issues. Thus, the audit has been concluded. Signed by Gaudette Pulla, Birmingham Hospital Compliance Officer and Zeresh Upton, Internal Auditor." She frowned at the signature line. Gaudette had purposefully botched the true title on Zeresh first, signed her name electronically, and forced Zeresh to print the audit letter on the hospital stationary next.
Zeresh typed on the keyboard and corrected her true title, typing on the electronic file: Zeresh Upton, Vice President of Internal Audit Department. Then she pressed the print button. The electronic letter shuffled through the print system and landed down inside the main office near the wall. She slowly stood upright with a huff of annoyance, scooted around her office desk, and padded into the outer office, stopping at the printer machine. She reached down and jerked the single piece of paper from the tray and started at the typed words in black hue, exhaling with annoyance. The official Birmingham Hospital logo was missing from the top line on the printed sheet of paper. She sneered with annoyance and spun around from the printer, moving ahead towards the first office desk, placing the sheet of paper on top of the empty surface, reaching out, sliding the wet stamper from the corner. She inked the stamper, slapping the wet color onto the sheet of paper, dropping the stamper back down into the pad and stared down at the fuzzy image on the letter with the hospital logo. Then she laughed out loud with annoyance and reached over, grabbing a brown tinted large interoffice envelope, cranking the final audit letter down into the darkness and sealed the flap shut. She dropped the envelope down into the large blue tinted box that served as the department mail box, where a hospital mail carrier will come and grab the item, distributing throughout the hospital campus. President Pamphlea will receive the official stamped audit letter Wednesday morning on her desk, after her handsome and young adult male secretary opened all of her business mail.
On top of the carpet, in the internal audit office, Zeresh stood in angry and humiliation regarding the terrible job of auditing the organ transplantation patients for the president, looking down at the dizzy carpet that nicely hid all the dirt particles. She stomped both of her low-heeled pump soles and balled both of her hands into fists, exhaling with a series of sour breathes, calming her emotions. She looked up and stared into her private office, nodding with a happily attitude, whispering for her eardrums only. "I have completed my active day also," she entered the room and slid back down into her office chair, staring out the open archway. Her work day was both boring and annoying, so far, since her staff members were in training, all of the current internal audit assignment were paused. She drummed all of her fingers on top of the empty desk and hummed a familiar country song through her parted lips, pondering an early work day, leaving in the early afternoon. After all, she only had nine more working days until she permanently retired and rested her bones for the rest of her life. She sat upright and gasped in alarm, whispering for her eardrums only. "I really have checked out mentally from my working job. Ugh! Gaudette did not mention the name and address for the organ vendor Happy Organs, LCC. And I should add all of the other organ business vendors in the State of Alabama as well on that stamped audit letter, so Pamphlea does not call me up and question the audit." Zeresh turned and typing on the active computer keyboard, searching for the new information. The screen displayed the information. She whispered the information for her eardrums only. "The number of organ transplants hit a record high of 666,666 transplants last year, in the USA," she laughed out loud, "A double row of the math number 666, I do believe that is double, trouble, if I was a superstitious lady. But I am not. I wonder if that includes a second or a third organ transplantation for the same sick patient." She continued to type on the keyboard displaying additional information, reading out loud. "The United Network for Organ Sharing is a private, non for profit organization in the USA that manages the organ transplant system under a contract from the US Federal Government. Ugh! I need to add this information inside the official organ transplantation letter to President Pamphlea also. How many organ transplant organizations exist within the USA?" She typed on the computer with a sour frown blowing out a string of sour breathes wit annoyance at her lousy work today and stopped typing, whispering out loud the new information. "Within the USA, there are 255 organ transplantation centers. The best organ transplantation centers include the following hospitals for each particular organ surgery. The listed liver transplantation centers are success at University of California San Francisco Medical Center, Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia, Duke University Hospital in Durham, North Carolina, Birmingham Hospital in Birmingham, Alabama?" she gasped in alarm. "Wait! Why is my hospital name on the Organ Transplantation list? That's not right! This is all wrong! Birmingham Hospital does not collect a donor or donors or a donor organ or donor organs. Something is wrong here!" She clicked on the screen with the mouse and read out loud the new information. "Birmingham Hospital has completed more than 18,000 successful organ transplants since the year 1968, after the first kidney transplantation here in the great US State of Alabama. Currently, Birmingham Hospital is owned by the Birmingham University and performs heart, lung, live, kidney, corneas, intestines, pancreas, stem cell tissue and other multi-organ procedures. Wait! What am I reading or researching?" She typed on the keyboard and read the new information. "A transplant program is a component within an organ transplantation hospital that provides transplantation of a particular type of organ including, the heart, lung, kidney, pancreas or intestine. An organ transplant program must be located in a hospital setting, which is medical staffed, trained, and equipped for all the complex procedures performing transplantation surgeries. O! I see with my two non-transplanted eyeballs. This is a listing of the hospital medical centers which have been approved by the US Federal Government to accept the recipient patient and perform the organ transplant procedure inside the operating surgery suite. Something is right," she chuckled with silliness. "I don't need the listing of organ transplantation hospitals. I need?need?need. I don't know what I need." She exhaled with annoyance then started typing on the keyboard, searching for the new information that must be added to the audit letter and stopped typing, tossing both of her arms in the air, nodding with a smile at the screen, "Yeehaw! I found it, an Organ Procurement Organization. An organ procurement organization is a US Federal Government designated, non for profit organ procurement organization that serves as the bridge between the donor and his donated organs and the organs going to the sick patient for the life-saving organ or tissue transplantation. Each organ procurement hub houses surgical suites for the dead, not living and a state-of-the art organ perfusion laboratory for ripping each organ from the zombie or dead human," she laughed out loud and nodded with amusement. "That's what I need. I hope Happy Organs, LLC is listed as one of the 58 federally designated centers. Or I'll be doing more unhappy foot work," she typed on the keyboard and read out loud the new information on the computer screen. "Southwest Transplant Alliance at 8888 Midtown Road in Dallas, Texas and Happy Organs at 667 Grants Mill Road in Birmingham, Alabama," she smiled with a nod and wrote down the address on the paper inside her portfolio. "Yes, I see the name of the Center here. We are good, now, ya'll! Now, I need this information to the letter." She stood upright from the chair and scooted around the office desk, padding into the main room, stopping in front of the box, which contained all of the internal and external mail items. She gasped in alarm. "The box is empty. The mail carrier came and went without my knowledge. Poop!" Zeresh spun back around and slowly walked ahead towards her office, nodding with a stern face. "The audit letter has gone out to Pamphlea today. Well, I'll type up an amendment on the letter and blame Gaudette. Then I'll go and visit the president tomorrow morning with my new letter and provide the additional information. Then the organ transplantation audit is done," she slid back down into the chair with a smile and typed on the keyboard, bringing up the first letter, amending the information and read out loud. "Memo for current audit of organ transplantation to President Pamphlea Brutum. Both of the Compliance Office and the Internal Audit Office has reviewed and completed an audit for hundreds of organ transplantation procedures during the current calendar year here at Birmingham Hospital. Each implanted organ comes from an outside vendor, which has been investigated, and named Happy Organs, LLC at the address of 667 Grants Mill Road, in the city of Birmingham. The outside vendor does not have any type of federal penalties or federal, state and local government regulations. Thus, the audit has been concluded. Signed by Gaudette Pulla, Birmingham Hospital Compliance Officer and Zeresh Upton, Vice President of Internal Audit Department." She frowned at the signature line and whispered for her eardrums only, "I don't know if Happy Organs, LLC meets all of the federal, state, and local government agency regulations. I need to find out. Else, my audit procedure is an incomplete document and it might be wrong. However, on the flipped side of the same coin. I'm only employed for nine days, not nights. So, what difference does it make to me or Pamphlea? The export clerk was professional and knowledgeable about all of the used organs. The physical facility held boxes of chilled organs. The trucks were labeled with the company name and logo Happy Organs. I trust my eyeballs; but my brain cells need more information. Why do my brain cells need more information?" she laughed out loud. "I guess it's my ESP working overtime." She started typing on the keyboard and then stopped, nodding with a smile. "Wait! The lawyer checked with the Hall of Records. If there had been a monetary or federal penalty on Happy Organs LLC, then she would have found the red tinted governmental paperwork. Then we would be conducting a second audit procedure and reporting in person back to the president about the illegal Happy Organs LLC operations. But none of that did not happen. Yeah! I'm truly finished." She reached out and grabbed the green tinted ink pen, which marked the end of her audit work, placing a large check-mark symbol on top of the sheet of paper with all of her written notes from the export clerk at the Happy Organs docking station, lifting the ink pen in the air with a frown. "Why are there three different physical post office addresses for the Happy Organs company?" She looked up and stared through the open archway without focusing on a particular object, working her brain neurons. "I went in person and verified two of the three addresses. The holding company office lives at 1313 Hollywood Boulevard in the city of Mountain Brook. The docking facility is located on 777 Birmingham Street in the city of Birmingham. And the organ procurement center is located at 667 Grants Mill Road in Irondale. Why would all three locations appear so far apart from each one on opposite sides of the landmass?" She snapped her fingers. "The holding company exists only in name, not personnel. I viewed an empty office setting without a single person answering the knocking door. Thus, the holding company owns and holds the monies, the personnel files, and the titles of the other two business companies. The warehouse docking facilities are all located out near the airport for transportation needs. Downtown Birmingham does not one single parking slot, much less outlined dirt space for a massive organ procurement center. How big is an organ procurement center?" She returned back and typed on her computer keyboard, clearing the screen, accessing the internet again. She viewed the results and stopped typing, reading out loud the information, "Happy Organs Procurement Center structure is 77,000 square feet medical office building and parking garage, including twenty surgical suites and perfusion laboratory with modern medical equipment necessary for the right medical care to each donor and their family unit. The rear of the building including a memorial garden for honoring each donor and their family unit. That's nice and bizarre. The medical building includes executive offices, three restaurants, and a 10,000 square foot fitness center with an outdoor Olympia-sized swimming pool. What!" She gasped in alarm. "This place is almost as big as Birmingham Hospital, which is 120,000 square feet, without an outdoor swimming pool. I don't realize that organ procurement was so money lush and lucrative. And this is a non for profit company, which means the company is not supposed make money or pay any type of state or federal income taxes to the US Federal Government."  She smiled. "Well, I'm working for the wrong 'non-for-profitable' business company. I could have been a brilliant president or chief financial officer for a smaller medical center. Happy Organs Procurement Center serves communities from the cities of Huntsville down to the city of Mobile, covering the entire State of Alabama, along with exporting organs throughout the world under an emergency situation and approval from the USA Federal Government," she frowned. "Of course, everything has to be approved by the USA Federal Government," she nodded. "Well, Happy Organs Procurement Center sounds like a nice place, not to visit," she laughed and returned back to the letter on the computer screen, reading out loud again, "Memo for current audit of organ transplantation to President Pamphlea Brutum. Both of the Compliance Office and the Internal Audit Office has reviewed and completed an audit for hundreds of organ transplantation procedures during the current calendar year here at Birmingham Hospital. Each implanted organ comes from an outside vendor, which has been investigated, and named Happy Organs, LLC at the address of 667 Grants Mill Road, in the city of Birmingham. The outside vendor does not have any type of federal penalties or federal, state and local government regulations. Thus, the audit has been concluded. Signed by Gaudette Pulla, Birmingham Hospital Compliance Officer and Zeresh Upton, Vice President of Internal Audit Department." She nodded with a smile and then frowned at the electronic letter. "667 Grants Mill Road. 667 Grants Mill Road. 667 Grants Mill Road, where is that address located in the city of Irondale? Why's that address so familiar? I don't live down Grants Mill Road in the city of Irondale. I don't know one person or dog or bird that lives in the city of Irondale." She reached out and accessed her mobile telephone, typing on the tiny keyboard, viewing the tiny screen and laughed out loud. "I remember now. I purchased my new automobile at one of the numerous car dealerships on Grants Mill Road in the city of Irondale. That's why the physical address is so familiar. I purchased my new car last year. Yes, I drove down Grants Mill Road," she continued to view the electronic map and zoomed down onto the screen, looking for the electronic location of the Happy Organs Procurement Center, gasping in alarm. "Birmingham Church campus is located at 666 Grants Mill Road. I have never attended the campus at Birmingham Church; but it is a very popular mega-church building. Numerous people attend the sermon and enjoy all of the free programs and nice facilities. How intriguing! The Happy Organs Procurement Center is located right beside the church dirt. How convenience! The preacher performs the death sermon and then the dead body can be literally wheeled over to the procurement center, cutting out each organ that feeds eight different lives. That's freaky weird!" She laughed out loud and disconnected the internet on her phone, placing back down on the table surface, returning back to the electronic letter with a smile. "Now, I have answered all of the questions and I am ready to complete the revised audit letter. I need to finish up and hand-delivery to Pamphlea today. Then I'll go home and relax for the rest of the evening. My hubby is in the city of Huntsville cleaning out that house that I do not want to touch with a pair of rubber and sterile surgical gloves," she chuckled out loud and then frowned at the electronic letter. "Something is still wrong here. I can feel it," she turned and stared down at her papers, slowly reading through the information from auditing each Happy Organ invoice, gasping in alarm. "I only performed half of the audit for the organ transplantation. I viewed a sample of the used organs that came from the holding company named Happy Organs LLC, which is part of the Happy Organs Procurement Center, but I didn't review one live and breathing medical patient who had received that organ. Wonder if one or two of the transplanted patients had died? Yikes! Then my audit letter is wrong, wrong, wrong," she stood upright from the office chair and grabbed her mobile telephone and her worn portfolio, slapping the notebook shut, toting the phone, scooting around her office desk and then exited her office.

At 11:42 am, Zeresh entered the busy hallway and took the elevator back down into the basement setting. She exited the elevator carriage and entered the offices, rapidly moving like a wraith down the side wall, entering the same conference room and halted. She exhaled with relief. All of the paper folders were still located here and stacked on top of each rolling kart. She gently closed the conference room glass door while working alone.
Zeresh scooted around the row of stationary rolling karts and slid down into the chair, placing her portfolio down first and reached out, grabbing the first paper folder, flipping open the cover and read through the first financial invoice, exhaling with annoyance. "It's not here! The information that I seek, is not here. I need the medical record folder, not the financial folder. I need more information on the medical patient, not the used organ, which had been purchased by the hospital. I only did half of the job. Geez! My brain really is out to lunch. I should tell Pamphlea where to shove it and leave my job today, staring my permanent retirement and rest. However, I promised to stay and guard the internal audit office for an emergency audit, until my staff returned back from training. Why did I make that promise? Whatever!" She returned back the paper file and stood upright from the chair, leaning over, viewing the paper folders, "How many patients should I review? One or two or five or ten or one dozen patients!! I know. I'll select the thickest, tallest paper files and then request each medical records folder on those medical patients." She continued to flip through each paper file and then gasped in alarm, "This is a paper folder for the patient's medical record for this year. Where did this paper file come from?" She continued to view each paper folder on that particular rolling kart and smiled. "Custan is a very smart woman and a brilliant hospital controller. She had provided the auditor, which is me, with both the financial paper file, and the matching medical record paper folder. She should be president, not me," she chuckled out loud, stacking numerous medical record paper folders, which were the tallest and thickest stack of papers, on top of the empty table surface, until the fake wooden was completely covered. She slid back down in the chair and grabbed the first medical record folder, flipping open the cover, reading the first page, "The medical patient is not named by name but by designation of Medical Patient One. Medical Patient One was a very sick person, before the organ transplantation," she flipped through each sheet of paper and smiled. "Good! The medical record chart has a disposition of new organ transplantation, six months later. Medical Patient One is healthy six months later. Yeah! This is great news!" She closed the file and placed the reviewed chart down in an empty side chair, selecting a second paper file, following the same process. "Medical Patient Two is healthy six months later. Medical Patient Three is healthy six months later. Medical Patient Four is?"

At 12:03 pm, Zeresh had reviewed fifty individual paper medical record charts and found fifty healthy transplanted medical patients, who had been examined by their attending physician six months later.
She leaned over and jolted down the last name on the sheet of paper with a smile and lifted the ink pen near her face. "There! The other half of the organ transplantation audit is complete. Fifty medical patients had not died from a rotten organ or had not been hospitalized for another medical condition related to their newly transplanted organ. Now, I must restructure. Naw! I'll type out my part of the audit and send a separate letter to Pamphlea, proving that I am the greatest internal auditor here at Birmingham Hospital, my final legacy." She softly chuckled and placed the ink pen down on top of her notes, slowly standing upright from the chair, scooting from the table. She leaned over the second chair and opened her arms, hugging the tall stack of paper folders, carefully lifting the pile from the chair cushion, in the air. She slowly twirled to face the three rolling kart with an empty spot and huffed out loud from the heavy physical exercise. Normally, Zeresh did not lift more than a computer laptop from a hard surface. Part of her work job required lifting an item which was the size and weight of a computer laptop, not a stack of fifty medical record charts filled with pages of paper. She carefully lifted the stack higher than her waistline in the air, then gently lowered down both of her two arms, carefully placing the pile of medical records files down on top of the rolling kart with success. She acted like a silly teen cheerleader and jerked both of her arms into the air for the invisible touchdown symbol, while hitting the second stack of paper folders, by accident, of course, with one of her hands. The second stack of paper folders quickly tumbled off and dropped down on top of the carpet. Zeresh continued laughing with the fun and stared down at the stack of folders on top of the ground. "I should leave you there and let the accounting people gather up the mess. But I am the only person here inside the conference room and someone would report me to Pamphlea, who is my supervisor. All right! I'll clean up the room, Mama." She squatted down with a smile and grabbed two of the ten spilled paper files, quickly browsing through the information with curiosity and then frowned. "What is the meaning of this particular medical record? This person had died here at the hospital. Why would Custan provide to me a dead medical person? I was only interested in medical patients, who received an organ transplant, not a dead person. O! Did each medical patient die from an organ transplant? Maybe, my review audit is not complete," she cleaned up the spilled folders on the carpet and placed each on top of the conference table, which was getting filled with small stacks of paper. She sat down and read through the medical record again with a puzzled brow. "This medical patient did not receive an organ transplant here at Birmingham Hospital, but this medical patient died here in the hospital. So, that's terrible and tragic. What is the purpose of receiving a rolling kart of dead medical patients?" She continued to flip each page and rapidly read the new information, gasping in shock. "O! I see now. This dead medical patient left a living will and donated all of their internal human organs saving a life or two. And the dead medical patient was sent to Happy Organs Procurement Center, where the Center accepted the dead person and removed all of their alive and breathing organs. Good for you, dead person! O! I understand. Custan did not order the rolling karts of medical record charts. The medical records department answered Custan's request by sending both live and dead medical patients, who were involved in organ process. I do not need to trace a dead medical patient's organs from the hospital to the procurement center back to the recipient. Well, I don't really need to do that, do I? Anyways, I can't do that, can I?" She read the information on the page in the paper file. "This medical patient's death day was February 14th, Valentines Day's. So sad!" She stood upright from the chair and moved ahead towards the first rolling kart with the financial paper files with organs, "Would I find an invoice for an organ from happy Organs, LLC on the fourteen day of February?  I would say no. I don't know how long it takes to procure an organ. Is it done the same day as the death day for a dead body? Or is it done the day after the death day for the dead body? Do I have an invoice for the next day, the fifteenth of February? I found it." She pulled the paper file with the organs from the financial stack and flipped open the cover, reading the invoice, gasping in shock. "Well, the hospital received a listing of organs on the fourteenth of February, including a heart, a lung, a liver, two kidneys, two corneas, pancreas, small intestine. Whoa!" She frowned. "I sound like Gaudette. However, Birmingham Hospital received all of the organs saving the life of eight medical patients. That's great! So, Birmingham Hospital did receive all the organs from that dead patient. No! That's impossible! The export clerk at the Happy Organs Docking Station said that all of the metal boxes of chilled, used organs are processed there at the Center and then sent to hospitals throughout the State of Alabama. So, the listing of organs didn't come from our dead medical patient and I will prove it." She placed the organ folder on top of the table along with the medical records of the dead patient, standing upright with a smile, closing her two eyelashes and reached out, grabbing a random second medical record from a dead patient. She opened her two eyelashes and worked her hands, gently sliding the second paper folder from the tall stack of medical records, flipping open the cover, reading through the information. "This medical patient died here at Birmingham Hospital on March 17th, which is St. Patrick's Day." She slammed the medical record folder down on top of the table, reaching over, searching for the date of March 17th among the organ files and found the correct paper file. She flipped open the cover and quickly read the new information, gasping in shock. "I'll be darn. Birmingham Hospital received a listing of organs on March 17th including a heart, a lung, a liver, two kidneys, two corneas, pancreas, small intestine. This is freakingly weird!" She frowned. "However, that does not prove the list of organs came from our dead patient. I have a new idea that will debunk my original thought process. One person dies every day at Birmingham Hospital, which is very sad. Actually, I believe three patients die every day at Birmingham Hospital. Now, I found that one person had died on the seventeen of March. So, I do know that a dead person died on March 18th. Let's see if I find a listing of organs on March 18th also. But first, I need to find a dead person on March 18th," she searched through the stack of medical records for each dead patient, finding the correct file. "Well, I am correct, so far." She turned and searched the organ stack of paper files and gasped in alarm. "Whoa! I have found an invoice of fresh, used human organs that were delivered on March 18th, also, including the heart, the lungs, the liver, two kidneys, two eyeballs, pancreas, and small intestine. This is really freakingly freaky. However, this proves nothing. I know that three patients die every day here at the hospital. Where are the other two dead patient's medical records?" She snapped her fingers with a smile and spun the chair around, reaching over to the rear wall. The wall contained a long cabinet with three doors and a business telephone on top of the hard surface. She touched the receiver on the phone then pulled back her hand, shaking her curls. "No! If I call the Director of Medical Records on the telephone, she will talk all day long. I wanna wrap up my silly side investigation and end my work day," she spun around and grabbed her personal mobile telephone. "If I type out a text message on my personal mobile telephone to her mobile telephone, then she will address my question quickly. Anyways, every person had heard about the rotten organs that were implanted inside the four medical patients, who died. So, it's obvious that Birmingham Hospital is conducting an organ transplantation audit by the Vice President of Internal Audit Department, which is me."

She typed out the text message to the Direction of the Medical Records Department: This is Zeresh. How many medical patients died on March 18th of the current calendar year?

Zeresh continued to watch the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone. Only the department directors were allowed to use their personal mobile telephone, which was registered with the Birmingham Hospital IT Department, for an exchange of business information, in case of audit by the Vice President of Internal Audit Department.

She whispered for her eardrums only, "If three medical patients had died here in my hospital, on March 18th, then the listing of fresh and used human organs had randomly come from another dead person at the Happy Organs Procurement Center. If two medical patients had died in my hospital, on March 18th, then the same conclusion. The organs belonged to another dead person at the Happy Organs Procurement Center. Now, if there is only one dead medical patient from Birmingham Hospital on March 18th, where I have the medical record chart, then that dead medical patient has come from my hospital, which makes sense, but doesn't prove anything."

Her mobile telephone softly dinged with the reply: One.

Zeresh gasped in shock and whispered for her eardrums only "One. One. One. That's explains why I possess one medical record chart for a dead patient. So, the dead medical patient came from my hospital and was sent to Happy Organs Procurement Center, which still does not mean anything. I have another question for the direction of medical records department."

She typed out the text message to the director again: Thank you. This is Zeresh, again. How many medical patients died on March 17th of the current calendar year?

She continued to watch the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone and whispered for her eardrums only, "Now, if there are three dead medical patients here in my hospital, who died on March 17th, then the organs came from a random dead person at the Happy Organs Procurement Center. The same conclusion with two dead patients on March 17th. However, if there is only one dead medical patient here at my hospital on March 17th, then that's really weird."

Her mobile telephone softly dinged with the reply: One.

Zeresh gasped in shock and whispered for her eardrums only "One. One. One. Again, there was only one medical patient that died on March 17th and March 18th. Then Birmingham Hospital received a set of freshly used human organs for sixteen transplantations on sixteen patients or so. What are the odds that the two dead patients came out from Birmingham Hospital and the same dead bodies were sent to the Happy Organs Procurement Center and then a set of freshly cut organs came back here to Birmingham Hospital for numerous surgical transplantations? Well, I can answer that question. Zero odds. However, I do have another question for the direction of medical records department."

She typed out the text message to the director again: Thank you. This is Zeresh, again. How many medical patients died on February 14th of the current calendar year?

Zeresh sneered down at the screen on her mobile telephone. "And the typed answer on the screen of my betta not be one." She continued to watch the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone and whispered for her eardrums only, "Now, if there are three dead medical patients here in my hospital, who died on March 17th, then the organs came from a random dead person at the Happy Organs Procurement Center. It is the same conclusion, if there are two dead medical patients. And if there is only one dead person, then I am confused and puzzled."
 
Her mobile telephone softly dinged with the reply: One.

She shouted out loud inside the enclosed conference room and gasped in shock. "One medical patient died on February 14th. I can't believe my two eyeballs. One patient died here at the hospital, and on the same day, the hospital also received a set of freshly cut human organs with an invoice from Happy Organs LLC. This is all impossible. I know the right question to ask the director of medical records here at the hospital, this time."

She typed out the text message to the director again: Thank you. This is Zeresh, again. How many medical patients died on March 19th of the current calendar year?

Zeresh grinned down at the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone. "I know that three medical patients died on March 19th. If three medical patients died here on March 19th, then the three sets of freshly cut human organs came from three randomly collected dead persons at the Happy Organs Procurement Center. And it is the same answer, if there are only two dead medical patients here, also. Now, if only one medical patient died here on March 19th, then I do have a mystery on my hands." She tapped her foot and continued to watch the tiny screen, looking for the typed answer.

Her mobile telephone softly dinged with the reply: Four.

She gasped in alarm. "Four. Four. Four. Four medical patients died here at Birmingham Hospital on March, the nineteenth. Okay. All right! I have the number of dead persons that died here on March, the nineteenth.  I need to find out, if a medical record exists for each dead medical patient."

Zeresh typed out a new text message to the director of medical records: Thank you.

She placed her phone on top of the portfolio and stood upright from the chair, moving back to the stacks of dead medical patients, rummaging through the paper folders, finding the date of March, the nineteenth. "I can't believe it. I have four dead medial patients here within one of the three death piles for the date of March, the nineteenth." She carefully removed each file and scanned the internal pages with a sour frown, closing each one, placing on top of the crowded table surface. She whispered for her eardrums only. "Four medical patients died on March 19th with four medical records. Now, I need to see if a set of freshly cut human organs arrived here on March 19th to the hospital for one or more organ transplantations coming from Happy Organs Procurement Center." She stood upright from the table and scooted sideways, standing in front of the organ paper files, exhaling with anticipation and leaned down, quickly finding the correct calendar date. She exhaled with nervousness, "Well, there is a paper folder for the date of March 19th. I cannot believe this miracle or nightmare," she carefully pulled out the appropriate paper folder and held the document in her hands without reading the information. "What does it mean here, if there is one set of freshly cut human organs? Then, the dead person from the Happy Organs Procurement Center was a random dead body that happened to get sent to Birmingham Hospital. If there are two sets of freshly cut humans organs, then the two dead persons are also random coming from the Happy Organs Procurement Center. If there are three sets of freshly cut human organs, then it is random again. However, if there are four sets of freshly cut human organs, then I don't know." She slowly opened the cover and read the information, dropping the paper folder down on the floor, staring down at the new data. "This is not right. This is all wrong. This is impossible. Four set of freshly cut human organs arrived at Birmingham Hospital on March 19th. No! No! No! The organ sets were random, not planned or anticipated or expected or something freaky. What am I missing here? I have a dead medical patient that came from Birmingham Hospital and then a set of freshly cut human organs also came on the same calendar day back to Birmingham Hospital for an organ transplantation. Look! It doesn't matter. I am retiring in nine more days. I did my internal audit job for President Pamphlea. I found that the set of organs from the Happy Organs LLC are not rotten or bad or contaminated. Thus, each medical transplantation patient is healthy, not dead. So, the hospital will not be sued for billions of dollars and Pamphlea will keep her president job for life or until her death day," she laughed out loud with silliness producing a set of rolling tears, wiping off each tear and then sat down, exhaling with amusement. Her two eyeballs stared down the closed four medical record charts for each four dead patients that died on March 19th. "However, I wonder if there is something else freaky weird here." Zeresh slid back down on the chair and opened two of the medical record charts, twisting the folders side by side, starting at the first page of each file. "Is there a difference between the two dead medical patients. Else, is this only a miracle coming from Almighty God? I don't know, but I will find out." She studied each page and flipped to the next page, reading through the unfamiliar material while whispering for her eardrums only. "One medical patient died of a heart attack. The second medical patient died from a car accident. A car accident victim would be on life-support machines, until all of their human organs could be harvested. Each patient signed the legal document giving each organ to Happy Organs LLC. Each patient was transported to the Happy Organs Procurement Center in the morning." She continued to read through the unfamiliar information and exhaled with annoyance. "I do not see anything suspiciously sinister here. The two people died on the same day. The two people had signed an organ consent form on a different day in a different year. The two people were gutted like a laboratory mouse for their human organs on the same day or the next day. The end! Nothing here!" She slowly flipped back through the pages and laughed out loud, "My day is done, ya'll! I'll type my new audit letter tomorrow morning for President Pamphlea and hand to her secretary, ending my day on an early note also," she continued to flip through each page and then stopped, reading out loud the new piece of information, "Birmingham Church. The heart attack medical patient had been a member of Birmingham Church. The church is located across the street from the Happy Organs Procurement Center. That's convenience for the dead! After the surgeons cut out the human organs, then the dead body is sewn up going to the church gravesite for the funeral. I don't think the body is shown off for a funeral wake." She laughed out loud and turned to view the second chart on the same page, gasping in shock. "Birmingham Church, the second dead patient had been an active member of Birmingham Church too. Well, you saved eight lives when the church staff rolled your dead body over the dirt from the Happy Organs Procurement Center, for your death funeral. Good job, buddy! Now, I'm really done," she closed the two files shut with a smile and slowly standing upright from the chair, stacking each medical record paper file in a large stack. She leaned down and placed both of her arms around the large stack, carefully lifting up the stack of paper, slowly whirling around and spotted an empty space on top of the rolling kart. She padded ahead with the large stack and gently placed down the stack of heavy, thick files on top of kart surface with ease. The new stack of files started to wobble, then slid sideways, falling down into the second stack of tall paper files and dropped off the kart surface, down onto the carpet with a tiny swish sound.
Zeresh softly cursed and dropped down to the floor, collecting the spilled paper files. None of the papers were torn or loose, only its inners crooked. She slowly picked up each heavy folder and straightened each file back into place and as her two eyeballs caught the familiar name. She mumbled. "Birmingham Church." She read the new medical record chart again, whispering for her eardrums only. "This dead person was an active member of Birmingham Church also. A third dead person had been a member of Birmingham Church. That's very convenience, for you, not me pal." She closed the file and placed on top of the empty conference table surface, reaching for a second medical record chart, flipping through the pages while searching for a torn sheet and spotted the familiar name again. "Birmingham Church! A fourth dead person had been a member of Birmingham Church. That's odd!" She closed the folder and placed on the table surface, reaching out, grabbing a third folder and searched for the item, gasping in shock, "Birmingham Church. A fifth dead person had been an active member of Birmingham Church. That's really weird!" She knelt down on the carpet and carefully searched through each medical record folder, placing the item on top of the table surface, finding the familiar name. Zeresh slowly stood upright from the floor and exhaled with puzzlement, shaking her short curls down at the carpet and whispered for her eardrums only. "Birmingham Church is a mega-large church. Lots of people attend that mega-church in the small town of Irondale. It would make sense that dead person would be part of a mega-large church. I only reviewed fifty medical records out of something math number. It is odd that fifty dead patients were members of the same church. Well, I got lucky. That's all!" She softly chuckled and reached down, closing her portfolio, slipping the notebook into her chest. She continued to stare down at the floor with a stern face. "I am finished. My work for the organ transplantation audit is done. The used organs are good. My sample shows that each medical patient is alive, not dead. Why am I puzzled here?" She looked up and stared at the stack of medical records, shaking her curls, "Forget it! My audit work is done! I have all of the numbers and the numbers look good. Birmingham Hospital did not receive a batch of bad organs or any related medical patient deaths of bad organs." She continued to stand and stared at the three rolling karts with tall paper stacks of medical records, nodding with a smile. "All right! My psyche wins." She slid back down into the chair and exhaled with excitement of her racing mental thoughts, reaching over, touching the first medical record paper file. She grabbed the folder and slapped the item down the surface, flipping open the cover, reading through the familiar form and gasped in shock. "Birmingham Church! This dead person had been a member of Birmingham Church. That is freaky weird." She closed the folder and slid the item across from her chest on the opposite side of the table surface, starting a new stack of paper folders and grabbed the second paper file. She slapped the file down the table and flipped open the cover, quickly finding the new information and gagged in alarm, coughing out loud. "Birmingham Church. The dead person had been a member of Birmingham Church." She shook her curls and whispered for her eardrums only. "This is all a coincidence. Metro city Birmingham holds 500,000 people. If you include all of the numerous smaller towns and cities, then metro city geographical area holds one to two million people. Now, that's a lot of individuals including men, women, children, teens, and seniors.  I do not know the congregation size of Birmingham Church either." She slid the second paper file into the new stack, grabbing a third paper file, flipping open the cover and gasped in alarm. "I can't believe this. This dead person was an active member of Birmingham Church," she quickly reviewed sixty six paper files of dead medical patients. Each medical patient was an active, now dead member of Birmingham Church. She closed the file and stared at the glass wall, whispering for her eardrums only. "This is really weird. Each death patient had been an active member of Birmingham Church. Now, the dead person is dead, after signing an organ removal form, giving their human organs to Happy Organs LLC. Now, that is really freaky weird. Is there a crime here? No! is there something to report here? No! Is this all weird? Yes, I'm done," she slowly stood upright from the chair and scanned the messy table with numerous closed paper files and the three rolling karts with stacks of paper folders. "I am not the maid service here at the Birmingham Hospital. The accounting people and the medical records staff members can come back here and retrieve all of the office files for their space."

At 12:45 pm, Zeresh left the conference room inside the basement office level and slowly padded ahead down the lonely hallway while pondering her mental thoughts, whispering for her eardrums only. "That was a weird audit. I'm glad that I'm done for the day." She stopped in front of the closed elevator door and reached out, pressing the button. The door slid open. No one left the basement room for any reason but going back home. She entered the carriage alone and reached backwards, slapping the second floor button. The door closed shut. The carriage slowly moved upwards and then halted on the second floor level.
Zeresh spun around and moved off the carriage, heading to her private office, entering the familiar room. She slid down at her office desk placing her portfolio and her mobile telephone on top of the empty desk, viewing the clock wall. The time was 12:47 am. She frowned at the clock. "The work day has hopped into the early afternoon. Well, I've finished my audit work in record time," she softly chuckled and drummed her nicely trimmed but unpolished finger pads on top of the office desk surface, staring through the open archway. "What to do next? I could go home. No. I could go and assist my husband. No. I could sit here and enjoy the rest of the day. No. I could go to the lunch meal earlier. No." She turned to the side wall of glass windows, ignoring the bright sunshine, typed on the laptop keyboard, then stopped, studying the computer screen. She read out loud with a stern face, "Happy Organs LLC was founded three years ago. What! The Happy Organs LLC is the bridge between the organ donor and the organ recipient. Currently, Happy Organs LLC has facilitated more than 15,000 organs for procurement recovery and enhanced tens of thousands of lives. What! What! That's impossible for an organization that has been opened for three years. How does Happy Organs LLC fare with another older and established USA Organ Procurement Center? I saw one earlier during my internet search. Yes, it was the South Texas something Center." She typed on the computer and stopped, reading the results. "Southwest Texas Procurement Center opened its doors 45 years ago. Now, this is a good comparison. Currently, the Center has facilitated 30,000 organs for recovery and saved tens of thousands of lives. So, the Center has been opened for 45 years and recovered 30,000 organs. The first math number 30,000 total organs coming from numerous dead people is divided by the second math number of 45 years then equals the math number of 666 patients per year. That's reasonable. Now, the first math number of 15,000 total organs coming from numerous dead people is divided by the second math number of three years then equals the math number of 5,000 patients per year. No way! That, mathematically, is impossible. Where do all of these used, not abused human organs come from?" She continued to read the electronic information on the laptop computer screen out loud. "The president of Happy Organs, who does not answer his office door," she sneered. "The president of Happy Organs said that the recovery center continues to save human lives through organ and tissue donations and transplantation surgery techniques supporting 238 transplant programs in 36 world countries including the USA. What! The mission for Happy Organs is recognized as the leader within the organ donation and transplantation world, where each person is dedicated to learning, innovating, and collaborating with local, state, federal, and international world leaders for future advancements within the organ donation and transplantation world. The vision for Happy Organs is restoring damaged lives by honoring the gift of life, ending medical deaths on the organ transplant lists and improving access to vital human organs from each donor. So far, this current calendar year, Happy Organs has received a record-breaking 21,000 organs from 7,000 organ donors for transplantation, because of the selfless act of life-saving gifts from each donor. We here at Happy Organs are happy and thankful to all the donor familiar and the donor communities that make each sick patient live to see another day." She sneered. "Something smells fishy here." She continued to read the rest of the electronic page. "If you are interested in becoming a life-giving donor for a selfless act, please call our company or email our company or send a stamped envelope to our company or access the electronic website form at Birmingham Hospital..." She gasped in alarm. "What! Why is the name of my employer, Birmingham Hospital, appearing on their website of Happy Organs? Is that true?" She typed on the keyboard and accessed the internet web page for the hospital. "I'll be a monkey's aunt. There it is! The internet page shows Happy Organs form, if you wanna donate your organs saving a life." She flipped the screen back to the internet article and read out loud. "Happy Organs has partnered with every local, state, and federal medical center hospital throughout the USA and the world for life-giving donations of organs and tissue marrow. However, Happy Organs would like to thank their local Birmingham Hospital for leading the fight to save every damaged life through organ and tissue transplantation services here in Birmingham. Birmingham Hospital has recently become one of the new leaders in the field organ donation and tissue marrow transplantation. What!" She frowned with puzzlement and typed on the computer keyboard, reading the new information. "Birmingham Hospital is one of the new leaders within the world of organ donations. What!" She frowned again and typed on the computer keyboard, "How is my employer, Birmingham Hospital, one of the newest leaders in the field of transplantation?  I didn't know that. I know everything. That information wasn't announced from the Public Relations Department. What is going on here?" She accessed the internet and reading out loud the new data. "The best organ transplantation medical centers for liver transplant patients include University of California San Francisco Medical Center and Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota and Tampa General Hospital in Tampa, Florida and Birmingham Hospital in Birmingham, Alabama. What! I didn't know that. When did my hospital become the best liver transplant medical center in the USA? And the internet article goes on. The best organ transplantation medical centers for lung transplant patients include St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center in Phoenix, Arizona and Barnes-Jewish Hospital in St. Louis, Missouri and University of California San Francisco Medical Center and Stanford Health Care Center in Stanford, California and Birmingham Hospital in Birmingham, Alabama. I didn't know that either. When did that happen? What is going on here?" She continued reading the internet article. "The best organ transplantation medical centers for heart transplant patients include University of Washington Medical Center in Seattle, Washington and Mayo Clinic Hospital in Phoenix, Arizona and Ohio State University Medical Center in Columbus, Ohio and Birmingham Hospital in Birmingham, Alabama. I don't believe it. But the shared and exposed information is listed right here on the internet website for best organ transplantation medical centers. Who in the world did Birmingham Hospital become one of the leaders in organ donations? I didn't know this new information and I just don't understand." She continued to read the internet article. "The president of the USA Organ Procurement Center in Washington DC said that the average wait time for an organ transplant varies by organ, age, blood type, and other medical factors. The average wait time used to be seven to ten years but not anymore. What!" She gasped in alarm, "These were the exact words from the export clerk at the Happy Organs Docking Station facility. That's weird! Now, through state of the art technique and technology, a candidate for a deceased kidney organ donor waits only two weeks, that fourteen days or 1,424 hours. What!" She frowned at the computer screen, "How is any of this possible? I must live underneath a rock on a mountain peak." She looked up and stared out the window, lifting both of her hands from the keyboard, wiggling all ten fingers in the air while pondering the new information. "Why didn't I know about the organ transplantations here at Birmingham Hospital? Why should I know about the numerous organ transplantations here at Birmingham Hospital? I only audit a person or a project or a program that violates one of our hospital policies. If the hospital policy is not used or abuse, then I do not become involved with a person or a place or a project. But I can't believe that I missed all of this wonderful information. How many organs transplants does Birmingham Hospital perform in a year? I got that information somewhere." She typed on the keyboard and pulled up the electronic report. "The annual report for the hospital from last year shows 5,000 organ transplants. What! What! What! But?but?but the Happy Organs Procurement Center had acquired 5,000 organs from last year too. This is too, too strange! What's going on here? I'm not going to finish writing my half of the audit report for President Pamphlea, until I can go out and interview Happy Organs Procurement Center. I must find out if all of the organs come from Birmingham Hospital and then come back to Birmingham Hospital that would be really weird and odd and something else." She looked up and stared at the clock. The time read 01:18 pm. 
Zeresh nodded with a smile. "The time is passed the lunchtime meal. I need to eat too. So, I'll go out from my office and eat my lunch meal. Yes, I need to go and eat lunch," she stood upright from the chair and grabbed her purse and mobile telephone, scooting around the office desk, exiting her private office. She quickly moved down a busy hallway, through the parking garage, sliding down into her automobile. She cranked the cold engine and drove from the parking garage, carefully driving down the main roadway, taking the interstate road to Irondale. 

At 01:34 pm, Zeresh eased off the interstate onto the main roadway in the city of Irondale passing the familiar automobile dealership that the machine shop serviced her sedan, passing the church campus and then slowly the speed on her car. She pulled over and parked across the city street, in front of the grassy park, without killing the engine, surveying the new structure.
The new structure was comprised of one gigantic building. The front part of the structure displayed six stories of glass windows for each office floor level. The rear portion of the same structure contained a squat building three stories high. Zeresh could see the side walls in the rear of the building, where the operating surgical suits and the perfusion laboratory were held for each organ removal. The odd feature was a five-foot tall, yellow tinted, solid concrete gate that surrounded the half of the compound. In the center of the gate, the iron doors were closed, not open. The rest of the gate displayed ten-foot high, steel-coated fencing with a gigantic continuous roll of steel-coated bobbed wire covering the fence posts. On the yellow tinted concrete wall, the hand painted words said: Healing Space for Organ Donors.
She shivered with fright at the size of the procurement center and the nasty rolls of bobbed wire decorations. "No one is getting out of that place," she laughed with sick humor.
Over the top of the solid concrete wall, she could see part of the Memorial Garden. The garden offered small groves of short trees surrounded by a circle of colorful flowers on top of a lush manicured green tinted lawn.
She frowned. "And I am not getting into that place, today, until I am dead, not buried. Wait!" Zeresh laughed out loud. "I spoke out loud into the universe my horrible verbal thoughts. I must correct my terrible vocal words. Until never, ya'll! I am not dead, and I am not buried, and I am not going into that place, ripping out all of my human organs for some strange humans. Anyways, I'll too old extracting my old organs for a damaged human life," she chuckled with amusement and slowly drove her car ahead, turning around, steering on the opposite roadway. She passed the Happy Organs Procurement Center again and stared at the visible force field around the compound, slowly driving by the gigantic mega-church. The mega-church featured six tall buildings and was surrounding with a gigantic parking lot for all of the numerous church people. She continued to study the church complex, then slammed on the brakes, slowly turning into the parking lot.
A dangling white tinted banner with black tinted words covered the front wooden veranda planks on the church read: Come inside and lunch with us!
Zeresh parked the car and killed the engine, softly clapping while chuckling with excitement. "Now, I can go inside and eat lunch and also collect some valuable information about the Happy Organs Procurement Center. If all of the dead church people attended church here and then they all ended up there, then someone would know the cold gossip about each cold, mutilated dead body." She opened the door and grabbed her purse, sliding from the driver's seat, standing upright and straightened her business suit. She closed the door and scanned the parking lot slowly moving ahead towards the entrance door underneath the veranda. Other church persons were slowly strolling ahead for the free lunch meal along with a gang of individual homeless people.

At 02:12 pm, Zeresh entered the lobby space and stood in a long line, scanning the internal hallway. The hallway was tall, wide, and filled ancient wooden planks on the ceiling, each wall, and the entire floor covering, since the church had been built in the 1930s. Birmingham Church was one of the oldest churches within the city. The old church had resided in the heart of downtown Birmingham and then had been moved further away from the city limits for expanding the church membership and the campus buildings. The lobby space was rectangular-shaped. The entrance door held three sets of double doors. The rear wall held three set of double-wide archways matching the front doors in the center of the room, and on each corner wall. The rear wall was attached to the grand auditorium room, where two sets of doors were closed.
The lobby space was filled with cold air waves warding off the waves of sizzling heat from an early afternoon time period. The sun was hot today. The line of people softly mumbled with each other first, then leaned down signing their name onto one of the registration books, which was an individual black tinted computer laptop, on top of three individual naked, dark colored wooden tables.
Zeresh stopped and stared down at the third computer laptop and studied the lighted computer screen, which prompted her to answer a series of questions. She frowned with annoyance then buzzed her lips, nodding with an affirmative, leaning down and typed an answer into the first question, her name. She hesitated and scanned the rest of the table, studying the rest of the people. Each homeless person in a set of ratty clothes was assisted by a church member, filling out a different individual computer laptop. She returned back and stared at the first question, which wanted her name. She thought of faking or providing a false name as Zeresh was only interested in hot gossip, not joining the church sermon each Sunday and Wednesday. She shrugged her shoulder with silliness and typed in her true name, her true address, her true affirmation that she believed and loved Almighty God and his son Jesus Christ, pressing the submit button. The computer accepted her answers and displayed the words in green hue: Have a nice happy day!
Zeresh smiled at the nice reminder for a happy day and whispered for her eardrums only, "If that is all the information needed for a free lunch meal, then so be it." She turned to face the back spine on the last person and followed a line of laughing and mumbling people, moving ahead from the enclosed dark colored, wooden-built lobby space through one single double-wide open archway, entering the auditorium room. The auditorium room was empty with patrons and the newest additional of the church. When the church was moved from downtown Birmingham, only the entrance lobby space was dismantled and then restructured as part of the new church.
The new room square shaped and held 10,000 individuals. The entrance wall displayed three visible double-wide archways for entering the downstairs portion. On the internal wall, while a person floated through the corner wall double-wide archway, a set of hidden light wooden steps led upwards to the upper auditorium space, a massive balcony that overlooked the ground floor. The front wall on the massive balcony contained a high glass window, where the patron could see the action and a child could not fall off the balcony, only smear a set tiny dirty hand prints on the galls, which was allowed as Almighty God didn't care about the saving the beauty of glass window, only saving the beauty of the human soul.

Amen!

The side walls featured a row of stained glass windows that held an individual story from the Holy Bible which blocked out the bright sunrays, only emitting tiny peaks of light down on the dark blue carpet. The forward wall held a busy scene.
On the upper part of the center wall, a massive television screen was mounted on the solid plaster wall which displayed the active preacher's sermon and any type of church activity on the lower ground floor. Below the massive television screen, a row of throne-like, light wooden individual chairs with an individually colorful padded cushion ran underneath the bottom on the television screen, without hitting each side wall. Each throne chair represented one of the employed church executives that was responsible for one function at the organization, such like, the head preacher, the minor preacher, the music director, the youth minister, the processional minister, the recessional minister, and all of the other ministers that worked at the church administration. 
In front of the row of throne-like heavy chairs, a wide and tall lecture podium in matching light wooden planks stood beside a series of short long tables, which usually held golden tinted objects that was used in the preaching services. All of the chairs and the podium stood on an elevated platform, four feet in the air, looking down over the auditorium pews.
The line of people slowly strolled down the side wall of stained-glass windows and entered a new room.
The new room was designed like a sideways hair brush. The long handle on the hair brush-designed displayed a solid wall in dull peach tone concealing the kitchen countertops and numerous appliances, not the drifting good smells of cooked and baked foods. The designed-brush part of the room displayed rows of long naked, dark-wooden tables for the food dish with numerous matching dark wooden high-back dining room chairs for the food eater. The forward wall exhibited a row of glass windows that showed the kiddie playground from younger children that did not attend an elementary school, an Olympic-sized swimming pool for the teenagers, and a grassy park for the other playful church kids, who were staying at the church grounds, when their parents were at work.
From the entrance door, each person turned to face a peach colored wall that hid the kitchen personnel and equipment pieces, taking their turn, excepting the same plate of food.
Zeresh turned the wall corner and quickly paced down the wall, and stopped, staring down at the plate of food, consisting of fried chicken legs, green beans, white mashed potatoes, garden salad, and a large buttered roll. She had envisioned a different meal plate for her lunch; but she was here to collect hot gossip about the Happy Organs Procurement Center and all of the dead church members. She grabbed the plate of food and slowly whirled around, moving ahead, scanning the large dining room and selected an empty spot. The rows of chairs were filling quickly with both church people and homeless people. She didn't desire to set with the group of homeless people, who would not possess any knowledge about the dead church people and their ripped out human organs that came from the Happy Organs Procurement Center. Zeresh sat down and picked at the food plate, without eating the meal, staining her lips or fingers. She sat between a group of older men and women, who enjoyed the meal and lightly chatted about the upcoming events at the church. She leaned over into the cheekbone on the older man with gray hair and wrinkled dark tinted skin. "I do declare. This lunch meal is nice." Zeresh picked at the salad with her fork.
He swallowed the food and turned with a smile, viewing Zeresh. "The church enjoys giving back to the local community. Is this your first time to Birmingham Church?"
"Why, yes! This is my first visit to the grand church. The auditorium is massive. What is the current membership?"
"Are you interested in becoming a member of the church?"
Zeresh exhaled with annoyance. The older male was not going to address any of her nosy church questions, unless he promoted the church activities. She faked a smile. "Why, yes! That's why I came today. I am very much interested in joining the church. What must I do?"
He turned and bumped into an older woman, leaning over, whispering into her cheekbone. "Honey, this lady would like to join the church, today. Is it possibly for her to fill out all of the paperwork today, before the Sunday morning preaching service?"
The older woman displayed a head of cropped gray-tinted hair, a pair of ancient brown eyeballs, and a tone of wrinkled pale skin, leaning over her food plate, smiling at Zeresh. "Why, yes! I can assist you here filling out all of the paperwork. Let's not wait! I finished my meal. I don't eat desserts, too much sugar. Are you ready, honey?" She scooted her chair from the table. The elder male stood upright from his chair and assisted the elderly woman to stand on top of the floor, turning to view Zeresh.
Zeresh continued to sit in the chair and gasped in shock at the tart church order. She didn't really want to join the Birmingham Church. She was a member of another church, but didn't attend the institution, because the church wanted more of her hard working cash monies rather than praying for the homeless and unfortune. Zeresh had to make a quick decision here. She nodded with a smile to the couple. The elderly mela reached out and pulled the chair form the gable, like a true southern gentleman from the past. Zeresh stood upright from the chair and wiped her mouth and hands with the paper napkin, dropping it back down into the full plate of food.
The elderly woman spun around and motioned with her hand, slowly strolling ahead down the long eating table. "Come this way, honey! I can get your person registered into the computer laptop inside the admissions office joining our little church, today, right now." She headed towards the open archway and left the dining room. Zeresh had to rush down the aisle, exited the dining room, and stopped a few feet from the open archway, scanning the auditorium room. Then she heard a series of heavy footfalls coming from the side wall and turned seeing a new set of steps in light wooden planks, twisting her body frame sideways, racing up each step and reached the second floor level. She stopped and scanned the new hallway.
The second floor exhibited an open floor plan with a grand foyer space. On each side wall, a tiny room displayed yellow tinted walls and a set of office furniture. Currently, each office space was empty as it was the lunchtime meal.
The unnamed, elderly lady had turned and entered the first tiny office space with pale blue tinted walls on the left side inside the large yellow tinted foyer space, waving both of her arms, talking to a male, who possessed a tall, slender body frame, a head of cropped gray tinted hair, a tone of olive colored skin, and a pair of blue eyeballs. Zeresh whirled around and entered the room, standing beside the unnamed elderly woman, faking a smile, wondering if this false ploy was a good idea, within her mental mind, of course.
The male turned and smiled at Zeresh, pointing down at the chair, "Have a chair, darling!"
The elderly lady back stepped from the office desk surface and spun around, nodding with a smile to Zeresh. "This is Salix. He'll take good care of you, honey."
"Thank you!" Zeresh nodded to the elderly lady, sitting down in the chair, staring at another computer laptop.
Salix sat down behind his office desk. "Now, you just fill out each question first. Then we will go to the next step." He nodded with a smile and turned typing on his business laptop computer.
Zeresh exhaled with annoyance. She was using her work time spying on a set of innocent people, which was not monitored but unethical. However, she greatly desired to find the legal or illegal or suspicious or sinister connection between the dead church members and the Happy Organs Procurement Center. She continued her fake smile and started typing on the keyboard, viewing each electronic question. The set of electronic questions were longer in wording and required more of her time while reading through each explanation. She exhaled with annoyance and started clicking the button which indicated the answer yes on each question, finishing the sequence. She tossed both of her arms in the air and laughed out loud. "I have finished the on-line registration. Why is the next step, sir?"
He looked up from the screen and gasped in shock, turning to see Zeresh. "Wow! Are you ready done? Wow! You have finished answering all of the questions in record time, darling. Usually, the process takes much, much longer time. All right! We are ready for the next step. Please, follow me into the examination room." He stood upright from the chair and moved around his office desk, exiting his office.
"All right!" Zeresh stood upright from the chair with a wicked grin and trotted behind the elderly man, exiting the first tiny room, moving into the second room with pale green tinted walls.
The elderly male was talking to a tall middle-aged female, who wore a white tinted laboratory coat and stood behind a tall stand with a flat surface which held a black tinted laptop computer. She was reading the computer screen and nodded at the new information. "Thank you, Salix! I see the new information. I will take care of her now."
He back stepped with a smile and spun around, motioning to Zeresh. "Come inside and take a seat the examination table, honey." Salix exited the second room and returned back to his office.
Zeresh continued to stand in the open archway scanning the new room. The entrance wall held only a metal door. Each side wall was painted in pale green paint without a single window or a piece of art work. The forward wall displayed a modern day operating table made of stainless stain without a soft cover beside a matching table stand with an assortment of small medical instruments and medical supplies. She gasped in alarm at the furniture piece. "Are you a medical physician?"
The unnamed female continued to stand in front of the tall platform typing on her business computer laptop, "Yes, I am Dr. Dawson. Please come inside and climb on top of the table."
Zeresh exhaled with worry inside the archway and slowly padded inside the room, stopping in front of the table, spinning around and climbed on top of the cold metal. She shivered in both fear and fridge air temperatures. "What is your purpose here at the church? I am only joining a church, not the USA Army," she laughed with nervousness.
"I am going to check each eyeball, each eardrum, your heart rate, your pulse rate, your respiratory system, your body weight, and your body frame height." She slowly spun the rolling platform with the computer laptop around and shoved the table towards Zeresh, then stopped beside the side table of small medical instruments, reaching out, grabbing the first medical instrument. She worked on Zeresh quickly while typing in each one of the clinic statistics into the business computer keyboard, in silence.
Zeresh didn't mind the impromptu medical examination. She had not been to her personal medial physician in four years, since the female physician liked to point out the signs of old age. Zeresh was feeling the clinic effects of old age without a smartass physician's comments. Both of her kneecaps popped getting up from a chair or walking down the hallway. Her breasts were sacking along with her facial wrinkles. Her fingernails were brittle and broke off picking up an ink pen. And she pissed in her girly panties, when she laughed too hard and too much. These were the signs of old age, not an illness or a virus or a sickness. 
Zeresh smiled. "That's so nice that the church offers a free medical examination. An annual medical examination is very expensive even with good insurance company. I enjoyed the free lunch meal and also noticed the massive building right beside the church complex. What is that building?"
The middle-aged woman frowned. "A hospital."
"Hmm! The structure does not resemble a hospital. Could it be something else?" Zeresh gasped in shock. "What! What is that in your hand? What are you doing with that thing in your hand?"
She continued to hold the item in her hand and said with a stern face to Zeresh, "This is an empty test tube. I need a vial of your blood."
Zeresh frowned. "Whatever in the name of God for?"
Dawson nodded with a smile. "This medical procedure is conducted as your part of joining the church."
Zeresh frowned. "I have never heard to giving a vial of blood proteins before joining the church. Why would I do that? Why would the church do this? What does the church do with a vial of my blood? I don't understand."
The physician returned back to the platform and typed on the keyboard with her fee hand still holding the empty test tube with her other hand, reading the information. "You authorized testing for the church's health care insurance including dental and medical coverage until your death day."
Zeresh gasped in alarm. "What did I do? I really did that."
"During the application process, here in the admissions office, you typed out the answer, yes, accepting the church's health care insurance. Part of the health care insurance process is collecting medical and clinic information from the future candidate. You are a healthy female and do not smoke or drink moderate alcohol based on your electronic application and will be accepted for health care coverage. Also, I must point out that the blood test will also supply a set of health markers indicating if you are carrying a genetic disorder, such like, sickle cell or cystic fibrosis or multiple scoliosis or arthritis."
Zeresh gasped in shock. "O! That's a nice bonus for a blood test!"
She nodded. "The science of DNA research has exploded all over the world. Today, your DNA strands can tell a medical physician what is wrong with your cells and then treat all of these damaged cells, without listening to the patient," she chuckled, then nodded with a stern face. "The church's medical plan is all optional, for you, of course. If you are not interested in the church's health care plan, then I can cancel the application right here on my computer laptop. What do you wanna do, Miss Zeresh?"
Zeresh gaped in shock. She had filled out the electronic application rapidly without reading through each question and accidentally selected the church's health care insurance plan. However, she was retiring in nine more days and must seek out her own health care insurance plan for the rest of her living days and night until the US Federal Government health care kicked in on her 65th birthday, which was two years from now. She had received monetary quotes from the local insurance company which were outrageous monthly payments. If the church's plan provided a less expensive monthly payment, then she would use that medical plan until her government health care kicked in.
Zeresh nodded with a smile. "I am so sorry. I must apology. I answered the question yes on the electronic application, but I didn't understand all of the medical requirement.  Yes, you can have my blood," she extended her arm to the physician. The physician nodded with a smile and slapped a rubber cord around Zeresh's forearm, blocking the blood flow, stabbing a sharp needle into the enlarged blood vein. Zeresh yelped in pain and gritted her teeth with the short medical procedures. She was a healthy old woman and rarely needed medical attention.
Dawson slowly drew out a vial of Zeresh's blood through the needle, filling the test tube in dull-looking deep red tinted blood proteins, finishing the job, removing the needle. She capped the test tube and placed in a small tray which contained three other test tubes of red tinted blood proteins from another three candidates. The physician placed a bandage over the blooding wound on Zeresh's arm and handed her a sugar cookie. "Eat the cookie. The sugar from the cookie will rapidly create new blood cells and replenish that tiny mouth that I just withdrew from your arm. Are you feeling dizzy or nausea?" Zeresh crunched on the cookie and shook her curls, without feeling dizzy. The physician nodded with a smile. "That's excellent. I'm finished with brief medical examination. You are done here at Birmingham Church."
Zeresh slowly slid down from the examination table and frowned at the physician. "Why happens next?"
"You will receive a rejection letter or a confirmation memo with the church's health insurance plan within a couple of days. I do believe that your medical health will pass with flying colors," she extended her hand and smiled. "Welcome to Birmingham Church!"
Zeresh gasped in shock and shook the hand on the physician, releasing the shake, smiling at the knowledgeable physician. "Thank you! Have a nice day! Bye!" She exited the tiny room with a smile and worked her way through the admission foyer, down the hidden staircase, through the auditorium room, and blended with the other people, who were finishing their lunch meal. She didn't finish the free lunch and didn't have time to inquire about the weird connection between the dead church people and the Happy Organs Procurement Center. No matter! She would become a member and come here for a free lunch for a couple of days inquiring about the matter.
Zeresh moved with the people and exited the church foyer, moving ahead to her automobile, entering the driver's seat, driving away from the church. She had missed too much time at her working job, even though she was retiring in nine days, four hours, two minutes, thirty-four seconds, but who was counting.

At 03:12 pm, she arrived back at the hospital, parked her car, and entered her office environment, immediately typing out a meeting schedule for the rest of her work day. Zeresh didn't want to be perturbed by President Pamphlea or disturbed by Gaudette or annoyed by another hospital employee. She left the electronic excuse with loud laughter, then left her office with a smile, heading back home, calling her husband about the new offer for a better medical health insurance for her upcoming permanent retirement plan. Her husband was not thrilled and very busy coordinating a group of college males, who were lifting and toting all of the heavy furniture items while wrecking the internal walls.
Zeresh ended the terse conversation and pulled into the garage, exhaling with delight with her work day. The day started out making her feel lousy and then gradually the later hours lifted up her spirits into a joyous retreat. She burst out in song and opened the car door, sliding out, closing the door and entered her house for the rest of the heated afternoon, cleaning out the hallway closet. She had a set of chores also after her permanent rest and retirement.

Tuesday, June 2nd 


Home property of Zeresh
04:04 pm
Hot and heated sizzling air temperatures
Blistering sunlight without a single drop of rain


Zeresh copied the same physical moves and emotional moods as Monday morning, dressing for work, arriving at work, not working on any new internal audit assignments. President Pamphlea had not bothered Zeresh either, so her long work day ended with boredom. She arrived home finding a white tinted package coming from Birmingham Church, not her loving husband. He was still living inside his dead parents' house working on cleaning up the five bedrooms, four bathrooms, a living room, a den, a dining room, an attic, and a basement of physical trash items and junk furniture pieces.
She torn open the package spilling all of the contents on the floor but the introduction letter, feeling a set of giddy excitement. She quickly read the new information. Zeresh had been accepted into the Birmingham Church's health insurance plan including dental and medical. The cost per month was five dollars, US. Zeresh gasped in shock at the dollar amount reading more of the informative letter.
The church had established a coalition with other church throughout the USA, where the church member paid only five dollar per month which covered each member's inpatient hospital stay, every outpatient clinic visit, each emergency room visit, and all dental visits and tooth work, because the treasure chest for the coalition comprised 115 million church members and still growing. As a new member of Birmingham Church, the church member pays five dollars in cash or by personal bank account check or by a computer electronic payment to Birmingham Church's admission office. If the church member becomes sick or injured, then the church member enters the hospital and presents the Birmingham Church health card. Then, all of the medical costs are paid by Birmingham Church.
"Wow! Whoa! Wonderful! I can't wait to tell my hubby, if he'll ever come back home and kiss my face and eat my food," Zeresh bounced up and down with delight still holding the letter. This new medical and monetary information tickled her ego and loved her bank account. She wanted to contact her husband, but he was too busy with the messy house chores, this afternoon, also. So, she squatted down and collected the spilled contents, straightening the individual pieces of papers into a neat pile, standing upright from the floor. She reached out and placed the neat pile of papers on top of the kitchen countertop, dropping the letter on top of the stack beside the rest of the post office mail items for her husband to pursue at his leisure. She exhaled with boredom and slowly spun around from the kitchen setting, quickly changing her work clothes, into a set of pleasure clothes. She had finished cleaning out one hallway closet and needed to start working on the next hallway closet, finishing the day into evening.

Wednesday, June 3rd


Home property of Zeresh
04:06 pm
Hot and heated sizzling air temperatures
Blistering sunlight without a single drop of rain


Zeresh had left her work office at three o'clock driving home to a lonely house again. Her husband was stilled located in the city of Huntsville and frustrated with the group of college students, then he had fired them, hiring a new group of college students while overseeing the new tasks cleaning out the messy house.
Zeresh had offered to come up to Huntsville and help with the messy house but really couldn't, since she was obligated to working for seven more days, until the day of her permanent rest and retirement.
Inside the hallway closet, she sat her two kneecaps in slight pain and leaned over, cleaning a dried spot of something green colored on the floor. "What is this thing? It does smell also." She pulled back and sneezed out loud, coughing from the foul stench.
The front door bell chimed in a loud dong sound several times, then heavy fist knocks hit the same metal door echoing throughout the house.
She whispered for her eardrums only on top of the floor, "I'm coming." The door bell chimed again with a series of loud dong sounds and then a set of heavy fist knocks hit the same metal door echoing throughout the house. She frowned and slowly stood upright from the floor, huffing then puffing from the floor cleaning chore. "I'm too old for this chore. Maybe I should hire a maid service, since I'm saving money on my new health insurance plan from Birmingham church." The loud racket from the metal door continued to echo throughout the house. She whispered for her eardrums only, "I'm coming!" She stopped and exhaled with more huffs of annoyance and exhaustion from the in-depth floor cleaning, reaching out, opening the door. Four handsome young adult men and one petite, pretty young adult female stood on the front porch. Each person wore a yellow tinted jumpsuit with the words Birmingham Church on the left side pocket.
Each one of the four men possessed a tall, muscular body frame, a head of cropped hair strands in different color and a different eye color, staring with a smile at Zeresh. 
One of the women displayed a head of black tinted hair in a ponytail, a tone of olive skin, and a pair of green eyeballs, measuring five feet and three inches in height on a skinny body frame. She approached Zeresh and stood a few inches from the elderly woman, reaching out, offering a stack of papers, "Is your name, Zeresh Upton?"
Zeresh smiled but did not reach out for the stack of papers. "Yes."
"Is your age 63 years old and do you reside here at 111 Bonita Street here in Birmingham?"
"Yes."
"Did you receive your Birmingham Church medical insurance card?"
"Yes."
Did you receive and then read the entire package regarding all of your medical and dental insurance coverage which is provided by Birmingham Church?"
Zeresh gasped in shock with the posed question. She had received a large white tinted package from Birmingham Church and ripped open the package, dropping the contents, without reading through the papers. She only read the introduction letter with delight. She didn't want to sound ignore or silly, nodding with a smile to the group of church workers. "Yes, I did receive the package of papers from Birmingham Church. I have been accepted into the church's medical and dental insurance program and also received my medical insurance card. Is there anything else that I need to do, before accessing any of the medical services at the local hospital or with my personal medical physician? Do ya'll wanna come inside to my house?" Zeresh thumbed back over her collar bone and nodded to the five individuals.
The first tall young adult male stood beside another male and pointed at Zeresh. "She got the package from the church with all of the information. So, she's the match."
"Yes, we do! Thanks for asking, ma'am!" The fourth male reached out with a stern face and stabbed a syringe needle into the blue tinted tee shirt on Zeresh that entered her chest cavity, pushing the tap, releasing the drug into her breast tissue without touching her heart organ or her pair of lungs. Zeresh gasped in alarm and stood at attention with one arm in the air, like a statue. Her two eyeballs blurred seeing each person as a triplet. Then her paralyzed body started to tumble forward.
Three of the muscular males reached out and captured her falling body, gently holding Zeresh in the air. The fourth male spun around from the open archway on the house and dashed ahead, slamming into a stationary rolling gurney on the walkway that held a clean, yellow tinted bed linen sheet, a small matching neck pillow, and an assortment of small medical equipment. He laughed out loud and shoved the empty gurney towards the front porch, lifting the kart onto the smooth concrete porch, entering the foyer hallway of Zeresh's house. 
The other three young adult males had toted a paralyzed Zeresh through the air waves back into the foyer space, gently placing her still human body on top of the polished wood.
The young adult female squatted down and pulled her medical stethoscope, leaning down, checking the heart beat on Zeresh. "Her heart beat is slow but steady. Her body is alive with shallow breathing. Get that oxygen machine on her face, before she expires."
One of the young adult males stood upright and spun around to face the gurney, pulling off the breathing machine, swinging around and squatted down. He placed the machine over her face. Her two eyelashes were open, without blinking. Her mind was working; but her mouth tongue was numb. Her active brain was foggy. She continued to hear and see the five young adults work on her paralyzed body and as her active mind could not understand the reason.
The female ordered. "Get an IV drip onto her arm before the body starts to rot all of her internal organs from the inside!" The second young adult obeyed her command and inserted a sharp needle into her forearm, releasing sugar water into her live and breathing human body. The human body did not wiggle or wobble from the sharp needle.
Inside her mind, Zeresh yelped in pain but could not move her arm or her hand or her fingers, only stare at the ceiling while hearing the faint voices from the group of church people.
The first young adult male only watched the action looking up, viewing the open archway. "I hear the ambulance sirens."
"I called them, after she stopped talking," the fourth young adult male laughed and stood beside the rolling gurney, watching Zeresh.
The ambulance vehicle parked on the manicured lawn burning the grass and released two attendees. Each attendee rolled a gurney from the rear of the vehicle over the sideway and entered the house. One of the attendees laughed out loud. "O! We're too late! She's dead. The medical team from the church is here and didn't try to save the poor woman," he laughed with his co-worker.
The fourth young adult male sneered at the ambulance attendee, "We are not the medical team from the church. We are the medical response team after the accident or injury or wound or incident. Load that body onto the gurney platform for its new destination!"
The lead ambulance attendee shook his long blonde tinted hair strands and stared down with a pair of blue eyeballs at Zeresh. "We don't a move a live or dead body until the country coroner declares it dead or alive."
The second young adult male turned and sneered out the open archway. "Where is the mobile coroner? He is available all day and night for this type of medical emergency?"
The second ambulance attendee thumbed back over his collar bone wearing a head of cropped brown hair, a tone of dark skin, and stared down with a pair of brown eyes at Zeresh. "I saw his car some city blocks behind us. The fire truck and the paramedics have arrived here too."
The first young adult male from Birmingham church spun around with a smile and moved ahead towards the door, holding a stack of paper. "I got it! I will explain the victim is alive but an organ donor," he exited the house and strolled ahead, waving his arm to the local emergency personnel.
A brown tinted van appeared and parked on the manicured lawn, burning the green grass also, killing the engine and slid out from the driver's seat. The driver wore a pair of blue jeans, a red tinted Jefferson County Morgue tee shirt, and a pair of orange tinted athletic shoes. He rushed ahead and stopped, talking with the firefighters, the paramedics, and the Birmingham Church team members, nodding with a smile, spinning around to face the house. He dashed ahead with his medical bag and his business laptop computer and entered the foyer, stopping beside the human body, squatting down beside Zeresh. He displayed a head of cropped grayish black hair roots, a tone of light skin, and a pair of dark eyeballs, pulling out his medical instruments and examined her body. "Her breathing is swallow. Her heart rate is low and steady. Her brain waves are dead. So, Zeresh Upton is declared brain dead, without human conscious or human life. And she is an organ donor based on her submitted paperwork. Well, you can take the zombie body directly to the procurement center." He sat down and crossed his legs, pulling out the computer laptop, tying on the keyboard. "I love modern technology. Here, I sat in the dead's person house printing a death certificate on her floor. My grandfather is rolling in his grave with the miracle of science and computers. Years ago, the dead body had to go to the local morgue and then someone had to call the coroner on duty. Then the coroner had to drive to the morgue, get dressed, and examine the dead body, leaving the morgue, undressing and filling by hand all of the form. There she blows," he laughed. A tiny ting sounded on her business mobile telephone.
The nurse whipped out her phone and viewed the new text message, seeing the death certificate for Zeresh Upton. "Thanks, doc! We're ready to roll. Load the body onto the gurney. One of us will ride in the front of the ambulance to the procurement center."
"I will," the first young adult male from Birmingham Church spun around from Zeresh and strolled ahead towards the front door, over the sideway, towards the ambulance vehicle. He opened the door and slid down into the front passenger seat, staring at the clean windshield, drumming his ten fingers on his kneecaps. He performed this service seven days per week as part of the Birmingham Church Response Team.
Inside the foyer of Zeresh's house, the two ambulance attendees squatted down and lifted up, loading the body onto the soft sheets, covering with a soft blanket in white hue. They slowly rolled the gurney with the body from out the house, down each brick-tinted step, over the smooth walkway, and moving towards the rear door on the vehicle, placing the gurney into the cargo hold. One slammed the rear door and moved ahead, entering the rear door compartment for the short ride. The other one dashed ahead and slid down into the driver's seat, shifting the gears, slowly steering through the nice quiet Birmingham neighborhood. Once the ambulance driver had cleared the grove of trees and smooth sidewalks, entering the interstate roadway, sounding the siren for the final destination.
Back at the house, the coroner printed out a copy of the death certificate for the next of kin, placing the sheet of paper on top of the kitchen counter with contact information while wishing the other young adults a good day, leaving the house and returned back into his car for his working evening.
The nurse stood in place inside the foyer room and read through the screen on her mobile telephone, placing a telephone call to the next of kin, a husband, who was at the house. She dialed the new telephone and waited for the vocal reply, "Hello! Are you the husband of Zeresh Upton?" She waited for the vocal reply, then exhaled with sadness. "I am some very bad news?"

At 06:06 pm, on a blistering day with blinding sunlight, inside a racing ambulance vehicle, no person spoke as the vehicle cruised at high speeds. The ambulance slowed the speed and turned off the interstate roadway at Grants Mill Road and raced down the new highway while the other cars pulled off the pavement for the medical emergency. The ambulance driver slowed the speed again and turned off the highway, carefully pacing over a new paved road, moving ahead towards the rear gate and then stopped at the buzz box. The buzz box was located on the passenger side of the automobile. The Birmingham church response team member reached out and touched the mechanical box with his employee badge. The metal gate slowly opened. The ambulance vehicle slowly steered inside the compound and stopped beside a concrete platform, where a medical transport team wore a set of blue tinted surgical gear, hustling to the rear door, opening the compartment and grabbed the gurney with Zeresh. The Birmingham Church employee slid out the passenger door and stood out of the way, watching the commotion.
One of the transport techs shouted out loud. "We got a hot one here! Get moving!" They dropped the gurney down to the pavement then raced inside the facility, rushing towards one of the empty and open operating suites.

At 06:23 pm, outside the emergency dockage, the ambulance personnel and vehicle slowly drove away from the procurement center, disappearing into the blinding sunlight of summertime day.
The Birmingham Church employee dashed into the building and rushed to the admission office, offering Zeresh's signed consent form for her organ removement process.
Inside the building, down an empty hallway, the lead transport technician shouted out loud. "We're busy today. Take her to operating room suite number 33, the last one. The team of two removal physicians are waiting for the body." They slammed the rolling gurney with the zombie body into the rotating door of steel and entered a cold-feeling operating room suite, stopping in the middle of the space and nodded to each removal medical physician. Every employee knew the proper procedure for the procurement of organs which was performed seven days per year, 24 hours per day, saving the life of an organ recipient. Then the transportation team back stepped and left the cold surgical suite. The room was smaller in size from a normal hospital operating suite and appeared square-shaped in dimensions with four peach colored walls, without a single glass window for viewing the bright sunlight or a piece of mounted surgical medical equipment either. The room door was locked, without escaping. The stationary gurney stood in the middle of the room with a pale tinted Zeresh on top of the white tinted, bloody bed linen sheet beside a taller metal table that held a line of glittering silver tinted medical instruments that gleamed underneath a row of bright overhead lamps that were built into the ceiling panels for the delicate operation for a dead human body.

At 06:31 pm, the side wall on the opposite side of the room slammed open and did not hit the wall paint. Two medical physicians emerged one a at time and wore a peach colored set of operating medical scrubs including a skull cap, a pair of gloves, a face mask, and a set of foot booties on each shoe. The first physical was a female based on the fitted surgical scrubs and moved ahead from the open doorway and stopped on one side of the table, reaching out, touching the machine.
The second medical physician was a male based on the fitted peach tinted medical scrubs and stopped, standing on the opposite side of the gurney, looking down at the floor. Around the gurney, the floor was covered in black metal boxes that were closed but not locked. He looked up and frowned down at Zeresh. "She looks dead."
The female medical physician finished checking the medical equipment which was working perfectly, keeping the air flow inside the dead body and looked down at Zeresh. "She is alive. The organ donor must remain alive during the organ removal procedure."
"Is she still alive?"
"She is a medical coma, technically."
"Why is she still alive? I thought we pulled out each human organ from a deceased body."
The female medical physician continued to poke and probe Zeresh. "Decomposition begins after the death act which is called autolysis or self-digestion. I thought you were a medical doctor," she laughed. "After the heart stopes beating with the thump-thump sound, the cells become deprived of oxygen molecules and the acidity increases as the toxic waste of chemical reactions accumulate inside the live body. Thus, the body starts to eat itself up. So, she is alive," she laughed. The body twitched.
"Uh! The body twitched." The male physician pointed down at the body with concern.
She laughed. "That's the gas bubbles popping open inside her tummy. Are we a little frightened?"
He frowned behind the face mask and continued to stare down at the body. "I am not afraid."
"You look scared to death," she laughed. "Haven't you seen a dead body before?"
"She is not dead. She is alive as her chest floats up and down?"
"?using the breathing machine. She is not dead but in a zombie state. Do you feel better now? I am going to have trouble with you, doctor. You asked for this new job, organ removal."
He looked up and nodded to the head female medical physician. "Yes, I have seen dead and live bodies. I am ready for this job. Thanks for the opportunity here at Happy Organs. I know the field of organ removal medical physician is competitive?"
"?cut throat and heartless," she laughed. "Use and abuse the pun! There are numerous talented medical physicians itching to become an organ removal medical physician. The patient does not scream or squeak or talk back. The medical procedure is quick and easy. And the pay is awesome including the stock benefits from the procurement center. This place makes money, not promises."
He looked down at Zeresh. "What do we do first?"
She laughed. "I finish my lecture. A donor heart from a live baby cannot be implanted into a teenager or an adult only a child. This situation has created the newest medical field, organ removal. So, we have received new orders for a female heart for a sick female transplant patient. A male donor heart is too big for the sick female transplant patient. Ain't that a hoot! Men and women are not created equal and that comes directly from the Prime Creator. In a male, the heart muscles encircling his heart organ is bigger and thicker as the live male ages in years. A female heart organ is smaller in size and retains that size throughout her advanced age in years." She was the lead medical organ removal physician and stood beside the instrument table, reaching out, grabbing the scalpel. She leaned down and slowly stabbed the body with the pointy tip on the knife.
He said. "Is she feeling pain?"
She frowned behind the face mask and continued to poke the sharp knife tip over the peachy colored skin tissue on Zeresh, "Hmm! She has been declared clinical dead. She is not breathing oxygen molecules through her open mouth or her two nostrils on her own, only through the breathing machine. The breathing machine keeps oxygen molecules flowing through her organs for the removal process. Else, we will remove a set of rotten organs, which is really, really bad for the money profits," she laughed out loud. "She is not responding to the knife cuts which would be very painful, if the live body could feel pain. So, she does not feel pain." She lifted the knife in the air and continued to lecture to the new medical physician. "She is a deceased donor. Her brain stem is not working but each one her organs is functioning. She pissed on the clean sheet. The medical machine is maintaining her current body temperature also and her open wounds will continue to heal on her zombie-like body. Lean down and open each black box! This is where we store each retrieved human organ and then slam the lid down into the cool spot." She leaned down and quickly opened each lid on her group of boxes, standing upright, staring at the new physician. 
He gasped in shock. "So, she is still alive." The male physician leaned down and quickly opened the three black tinted boxes around his booted feet, standing upright, staring at the lead physician.
She shook the peach tinted skull cap that covered her black tinted hair roots, "She is a living zombie, that's the best medical term I can describe to you. She is living in a weird undead zone, but her mind is long gone, and all of her mental thoughts are living out in outer space." The body twitched again. She pointed the knife tip down at the body without cutting into the naked flesh. "That's one of the many reactions of gas bubbles inside her biological and chemical zombie-like human body. This is the undead state in which a medical physician takes each one of her human organs. Brain death concept was established in the year 18908 at Harvard School of Medicine, when a committee of medical researcher determined that a person is declared legally dead; but the blood stopped flowing to the brain tissues, even when the other organs are functioning. A brain death patient is a perfect organ donor." She nodded and smiled behind the face mask at the new male medical physician.
He pointed at the machine. "However, I see brain activity on the computer monitor of the breathing machine."
"Yes, the brain spikes, and the heart organ continues to beat due to the life support breathing machine. The ventilator works both of her lungs, exhaling air until I cut the pair of healthy lungs from her zombie body. Does that make sense now?" She exhaled with annoyance at the newest medical physician, looking down at the screen on her personal mobile telephone, reading out loud the information. "This female suffered a brain stroke. She had been declared a cardiac death by the local medical coroner. Her heart stopped beating and experienced irreversible cessation of her circulatory and respiratory functions. Thus, she is our newest organ donor. And I got a new text message on my business mobile telephone to collect all the human organs from the newest organ donor, which is her and all of her organs."
He looked over and stared at her face. "She's really old looking in the face."
She pointed to the screen on her mobile telephone. "It doesn't matter her age, only the age of her organs inside her alive body. She suffered a medical stroke and has meet the criteria for a cardiac death. We got her organs. And she signed all of the right paperwork at the Birmingham Church which has been passed to us for the removal medical process. Let's get to work!"
The male physician looked up and over at the monitor, pointing with a worried brow underneath the face mask at the machine. "But she is not technically brain dead. I still see brain spike activity from her brain matter there on the screen."
She laughed out loud and nodded several times to the smart medical physician. "All right! We wait two minutes or 120 seconds and watch to see if her heart organ jump starts on its own. One Mississippi. Two Mississippi. Three Mississippi?"
He returned back and nodded several times to the female medical physician. "In the countries of Canada, United Kingdom, and Australia, a medical physician must wait five minutes to see if the heart organ jumpstarts on its own."
"Ten Mississippi. Eleven Mississippi?"
He smiled behind the face mask. "On the European continent, a medical physician must wait ten minutes to see if the heart organ jump starts on its own." 
She smiled. "If you place an EEG strip on her forehead right now, the signal will show a flat line, because there is no brain activity within her zombie body. With a cardiac death, the EEG signal flattens within five minutes. The local medical coroner had to perform that simple death test, before he declared her brain death. So, now, I have been given the authority from God, country, and medicine to declare her dead and gone. One hundred and twenty Mississippi!" she laughed. "The patient is dead, doctor. Grab the scalpel and start cutting below me, removing the liver."
He gasped in shock and stared down at Zeresh. "Is she really dead?"
"Yes, the brain cells are not receiving blood flow from heart. When the brain does not receive blood, the brain cannot send out chemical signals to the body, such like, pain. Even if you were able to jump start her heart and poured blood down into the brain cells, the brain is damaged and cannot send out pain signals throughout her body. She is dead. The end! Now, slice her open and retrieve the heart first!"
He pointed at the monitor screen, "But there are spikes of activity coming from her active brain cells. She is in a coma and can't talk to us."
"If that dead body started to talk to me, then I'll quit the medical field and become a Catholic nun. Grab the scalpel and start ripping off that flesh and grab her liver!"
He exhaled with sadness. "So, she is really dead and gone."
"Yeah, even Jesus can't resurrect her ass. Get working!"
He reached out and grabbed one of the scalpels, exhaling with more sadness over the once alive human body. "Technically, she is both heart dead and brain dead, so her body does not response to the external stimuli, like my knife point," he stabbed the knife tip into her abdomen. Her leg twitched from the impact. He gasped in alar. "What was that?"
"We must cut out each organ very quickly, before it starts to turn brown colored and store down inside one of the empty black tinted container boxes of dry ice around your booties, right now." She sliced through the chest cavity and ripped open the rib cage bones, viewing the pumping heart organ on an alive Zeresh, gently cutting through each chamber valve with the scalpel tip, removing the item. She dropped the scalpel down into the bloody chest then grabbed the heart organ, back stepping from the body, leaning down with a pair of bloody hands and lowered the healthy bloody heart organ from dead Zeresh into the dry ice, creating a cloud of white mist over the organ and her face. She laughed out loud at the newest medical physician. "Are we spooky scary, again, mate? I'm cutting out her pair of lungs next. Have you retrieved the liver, spleen, and small intestinal organs yet?" She stood upright and flung the blood molecules from the wet gloves to the side that landed on the floor and some of the wall paint, reaching down, grabbing the bloody scalpel and sliced through each healthy lung tissue, placing down into a new open metal box. She slammed the box down with her booted foot.
The male physician sliced through the abdomen working through the fat tissue, blood veins, and located the liver organ, cutting out the organ, dropping the scalpel down inside the messy guts. He grabbed the liver the back stepped from dead Zeresh, leaning down, lowering the organ down into the dry ice chest, exhaling with puzzlement. He stood upright and lifted his bootie, slapping the lid shut. He repeated the same medical operation two more times.
The female physician continued to work on each eyeball, in silence, removing from dead Zeresh, placing down into one of the boxes. She scooted down the table and sliced into the guts, smiling at the condition of the kidneys. "The most common transplanted and most needed human organ is one healthy, not abused kidney. Ah! We're in luck here. Her two kidneys are both normal and healthy."
He frowned down at the open cut in the guts, after reading the medical information on the human donor, "But she is over sixty years of age."
"Ah! But her internal health is very good. Her two kidneys work for her and will work for another two patients, saving two lives. That is good."
"Is this good?"
"Removing a pair of older kidneys will be transplanted into a live recipient has already undergone a dialysis treatment and cleaned toxins out from their blood and does not possess high blood pressure, diabetes or cystic kidney disease. Once her used kidney organ is transplanted into the sick patient, the patient will live for another thirty years, but not her." She removed each kidney and placed down into an individual black tinted box, slamming each lid shut, removing her bloody gloves, slapping each one down on the floor. "Remove your gloves from both hands! Leave the medical instruments on the table or in the body!"
The male physician removed his bloody gloves and slapped them down on the floor, looking around the floor at each used box. "Do we handle the black boxes that surrounds the dead patient, doctor?" He laughed with amusement and started to undress like the lead physician.
She continued to remove the bloody surgical gear from her body. "No. The warehouse crew comes inside the used and abused surgical suite and retrieves each box, after we leave. We need to go and get outta of here. They move the boxes into the delivery truck on the docking pier. Each truck drives to the closest hospital medical center for a quick transplantation. "
He frowned down at the mutated body. "Are we supposed to replace her inners back into the dead body and then sew her up for the funeral?"
She removed the bloody clothes and spun around, strolling back to the side wall. "No. The warehouse team members come back and roll the dead body and all of the other unused organs into the incinerator, burnng the dead and all of the dying organs into a neat pile of gray tinted ashes. Then the next-to-blood-relative comes and collects the urn of cold ash or deposits the ashes in the Memorial Garden here at the Procurement Center."
He frowned. "That seems so cold and cruel. Why doesn't the dead body receive a grassy lawn graveside plot of green grass?" The male physician removed all of the bloody surgical gear and back stepped from dead Zeresh, scooting around each box and the table, following the lead medical physician.

At 06:51 pm, she reached the side wall and opened the door for the new physician, explaining the process, "The dead body signed away her rights for a grassy graveside burial, after signing the consent form removing all of her human organs for saving another human life. If we gave back a mutated body to the blood relative, then we would be sued and lose billions of dollars, and outta of business. People don't like blood, guts and gory, only glory and blindness. She is gone now. We are all done!" She nodded to him. "You did a great job! Let's go and get some dinner. We have a long night of more organ removal here at the Happy Organs Procurement Center." He walked through the archway and moved into the dressing room for the male physicians. She entered the female dressing room.
The side door slowly closed shut.

At 06:58 pm, on the opposite wall, the other side door slowly opened and revealed a team of eight individuals wearing mint green tinted surgical gear.
No one cringed or gagged or vomited their lunch meal contents at the condition of the surgical suite. Each one was used to the bloody, gory sight. They entered the room and split into two groups. One group of four members operated a silver tinted rolling metal platform by a remote control devise, driving the platform towards each black tinted metal box, collecting each item and then swiftly left the room.
The other group of four stopped and surrounded the gurney with the mutated body of Zeresh, reaching out, grabbing onto the edge and slowly rolled the gurney towards the open archway. They exited the room rushing their individual job leaving the bloody smears on the walls and the floor.

At 07:07 pm, the door slowly closed shut.

Chapter Two
The Story

Plot summary:


Birmingham Furniture Store is a large warehouse and numerous retail shops throughout metro city Birmingham that sells all types of furniture for adults to teens to children to infants. 

This particular morning on a cold winter's day, the first and second level directors are meeting in the tenth floor conference room with the female president of the company discussing the upcoming Christmas display that will exhibit throughout each retail store.

The female president is delayed and missing from the room. During her absence, one of the employees challenges each co-worker to tell one pretend, make-up, fictional story while wasting time, eating the morning breakfast entrees and waiting for the president.

Present day and time


Wednesday, September 4th

Hot air temperatures with cloudy skies and light rain
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama

10:01 am

Birmingham Furniture Store location
Third floor level
Conference room setting


Birmingham Furniture Store was a large warehouse and numerous retail shops throughout metro city Birmingham that sold all types of furniture for adults to teens to children to infants. This particular morning on a cold winter's day, the first and second level directors were meeting with the female president of the company discussing the upcoming Christmas display that would exhibit throughout each store.
The room was square shaped and decorated with three walls of glass windows, viewing a pale blue skyline and miles of green tinted manicured lawn and wild forest land. The lower wall panel contained dark colored wood. The entrance wall displayed a white board for vocal and electronic presentations by the president of Birmingham Furniture Store. One corner wall displayed the entrance door. The other corner held a small table with the refreshments for the employees.
On the other walls, below the row of glass windows, a line of red tinted leather chairs stood empty for a guest. In the middle of the room, the conference table was nicely crowded and overheated with male and female directors wearing the standard business suit in a different color and texture, sitting around the square shaped conference table, mumbling to each while chewing on the provided breakfast entrees and plenty of fresh coffee, cups of hot tea, and bottles of water and fruit juices. Or some of them were fiddling with their personal mobile telephone.
In the center of the wooden conference table, a black tinted computer laptop, a silver tined business telephone and a panel of instruments stood in the middle. The control panel of instruments operated electronics that would display on the white board surface.
Each employee continued to occupy their productive time with a non-productive activity while waiting on the female president of the company.
The female displayed blonde hair in a long ponytail, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of blue eyeballs, possessing a queen-sized body, wearing a red tinted business suit, fiddling with her personal mobile telephone. She looked up and smiled to each employee, shouting out the new information. "The president is running late. We are not to start?
"?the fun, like always," a second female laughed out loud with her co-workers. She displayed a head of dark hair, a pair of dark eyeballs, and a tone of dark skin, wearing a yellow tinted business suit.
"All right!" A third female stood upright from her chair and measured in average height and weight, wearing a gray tinted business suit, possessing cropped red tinted hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin. "We got some time to tell a story while we wait for her majesty. The one storyteller with the best story plot will receive four football games to the next college event. Who wants to go first?"
"Me!" A fourth female stood upright from the chair and waved her arm holding her personal mobile telephone, displaying a head of long light brown hair, a pair of hazel eyes, and a tone of amber skin, wearing a black tinted business suit. She cleared her throat for fun then laughed, and finally said with a smooth alto tone. "Two handsome males stand in the hallway, watching each employee."
"This is supposed to a fairy tale, not the truth." One of the employees continued to sit and laughed out loud with the others.
She frowned then sat back down, continuing her story with a smile. "The two handsome males are standing beside each other gossiping for fun?"
"?like Bambalina?" a second employee continued to sit and pointed with laughter at the ugly female as each employee laughed with amusement but Bambalina.
The female storyteller continued. "One of the handsome males possesses a tall slender body frame, shoulder lengthy red tinted hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, wearing a pair of red and gray stripped trousers, a red tinted sports jacket and a gray silk dress shirt, and a pair of gray tinted loafers, without socks. He says to his friend. 'There she goes!'
"The other handsome male wears a taller body frame, muscles over his chest and arms, a head of cropped black tinted hue, a pair of gray eyeballs, and a tone of dark skin, wearing an orange and green sweater over a pair of yellow tinted trousers, and a pair of brown tinted loafers, without socks. He says back to his friend. 'The maid of honor.'"
"Stop!" A third employee continued to sit and frowned at the female storyteller. "What is the name of your story plot? Where is the story located? Who are the main and minor characters of your make-up story plot? I do not understand."
She winked at the male. "However, we all do understand! Don't we, Bambalina?" She laughed with the other employees then smiled, continuing her story. "Now, back to business!"
"Berrington!" A fourth employee shouted out loud with a smile.
"Berrington!" A fifth employee yelled out loud with chuckles. 
"Berrington!" A sixth employee hollower out loud with laughter.
"Berrington!" A seventh employee screamed out loud with a grin.

Sawyer, Gage, Mangrove, and Berrington are four non-related biological brothers that star in The Quartet fictional crime drama novels by known and popular author, ipam, where the four billionaires suddenly become a set of red, white, and blue crime fighters without the silk cape, except for Tom. He insists upon wearing one all the time, until Berrington punches the nose on Sawyer, like usual.

Inside the meeting room, on the second floor level of the furniture store headquarters, the female storyteller smiled and continued her story. "Each male views the wiggling butthole on the tall, slender, young adult female. The female is named Elodie. She possesses a head of long blonde hair down her back spine to the waistline, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, wearing a mini-dress in pink hue with a pair of killer five-inched summer sandals."
An eighth employee shouted out loud. "The season is summertime heated day and hot night, Pallas. Does that address one of your lingering questions?" She laughed with the other employees.
The female storyteller smiled and continued her story. "Elodie hustles down and around the busy hallway with numerous employees of the company heading towards the end of the corridor, where a gigantic business office stands with three walls of glass windows overlooking a skyline of squat and tall buildings."
"The location is located within one of the big major cities like New York City. Does that address another one of your lingering outstanding questions, Pallas?" A ninth employee laughed with the other co-workers.
The female storyteller smiled. "The day is hot and sunny. The time is lunch. The hour is occupied with numerous work assignments. Elodie opens the door and enters the gigantic business office."
"I like that storyteller uses the same words over and over again." A tenth employee from the furniture stored winked at the storyteller and chuckled with her co-workers.
The storyteller smiled. "Elodie enters the office, which does not possess a secretary desk or a guard unit, then stops a few feet in front of the gigantic office desk in light wood, nodding to the president of the company. 'Two days, before your wedding. Everyone and everything are ready. The time is lunch. What do you wanna eat, Yarrow?'"
An eleventh employee from the furniture store laughed out loud. "The day is Thursday morning, two days before Saturday morning, which is usually the day of a traditional wedding ceremony here in the great USA. Did that address one of your lingering questions, Pallas?" She laughed with the other employees.
The storyteller continued with a smile. "Yarrow possesses a head of long blonde hair running down her back spine to her fit waistline, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin. She is a tall and slender female, who appears like a fashion model, because she had been a fashion model during her teenage years. Then she inherited her mother's fashion delivery company. The company only employed beautiful people, who order the low-paying warehouse workers by their personal mobile telephone while walking around the nine story building. The company does not work with the fashion designer or sews the fashion designer's clothes. Instead, they receive and ship the crates of fashion designer's clothes throughout the world using the company named Acne Fashion Delivery Company."
A twelfth employee from the furniture store frowned and shouted out loud. "The proper noun is Acme, not acne, like a pimple on your face, girlfriend," she laughed with the other employees.
"I don't wear a single pimple on my smooth complexion or a touch of manly black tinted mustache hairs on my upper lip, girlfriend," the storyteller snapped back laughing with her co-workers then cleared her throat, continuing her make-up story plot. "The female president of the Acne Fashion Delivery Company, Yarrow wears the newest designer trend, a mini-short in lavender hue with a pair of matching killer five inches heeled summer sandals, studying the screen on her laptop computer, flipping her hand in the air, saying to her assistant Elodie. 'No. No. No lunch meal for me. We don't have time to eat or breathe. Get that shipment of designer clothes to the country of Spain, yesterday. Do it now! Did that new shipment of designer clothes arrive in the country of China, this morning or last night? Find out for me! Where is the new shipment of designer clothes on that rolling truck heading to the US State of Kansas? Find out for me also! I want answers now, now, now.' She exhaled with annoyance and continued to read through each report on her computer laptop without viewing Elodie.
"Elodie nods several times and slowly back steps from an angry and frustrated Yarrow. I will. I will get your answers. I am doing that right now," she spins around and leaves the office, closing the door, exhaling with worry, rushing down the same busy hallway, without slamming into another employee.
"The two males continued to stand beside each other in the same place, watching the action while chuckling with amusement at the employer-employee relationship between president Yarrow and employee Elodie.
"Twelve hours later, Elodie completes all of her work assignments and arrives back at Yarrow's office, standing in the middle of the room.
"Yarrow looks up from the computer screen and smiles at Elodie, slowly standing upright from the padded chair, scooting around the long office desk, and slowly walks towards Elodie, 'Come along, Elodie!' She passes Elodie with a smile and strolls ahead towards the open archway, leading down an empty hallway. The other beautiful people have left their working job for their home. Elodie exhales with annoyance and spins around, following the long blonde hair on the back spine of Yarrow. Yarrow stops and presses the elevator button, waiting on the carriage. The elevator arrives without a single person inside the carriage. They both enter and ride down to the underground garage space. The door slides open. Yarrow exits the carriage then spins around, smiling at Elodie. 'Are you still going to become my maid of honor at my wedding on Saturday morning?'
"'Yes, ma'am!' Elodie nodded with a smile.
"'Good!' Yarrow spins around and moves ahead towards her silver tinted limousine."
"Is that it! Is that the best make-up story plot you can design?" A thirteenth employee continued to sit and frowned at the female storyteller. "I can do better than that."
A fourteenth employee shouted out loud. "When it's your turn, buddy! So, quiet down over there! Let her finish her story!"
The storyteller continued. "Yarrow is the female president of Acne Fashion Delivery Company and the daughter of a billionaire and the fianc to a former famous handsome football player."
"Burn U!" A fifteenth employee yellow out loud and pumped one arm in the air, dropping the arm down into the lap. Some of the employees shouted and applauded their favorite college football team.
"Bam U!" A sixteenth employee shouted out loud and lifted both arms in the air, dropping them back down and slapped the hard table. The other half of the employees clapped and cheered out loud with their favorite college football team.
The storyteller continued to sit and smiled until the sound ceased. "Her wedding is Saturday morning at the local church with 1,000 invited guests. She will wed her man and live happily ever after, producing 2.5 children, rising two dogs and three feline cats, becoming a room mother for her elementary brats and attend each parent-teacher conference at the private school as a married lady. 
"Elodie will still be the assistant to the president, ever after the happy wedding ceremony. She started working at Acne Fashion Delivery Company at the age of eighteen years old as a legal adult, not a minor child. She was a warehouse worker. For three days and nights, she worked her lousy job for lousy pay shoving a tall rack of designer clothes through the warehouse property and collided into the back spine on Yarrow. Elodie gasped in shock and presented herself for punishment as she was prettier, sexier, and taller than Yarrow. Yarrow did not punish the young girl but employed Elodie as her personal assistant starting that day for the past ten years, making Elodie twenty eight years old.
"Back inside the elevator carriage, Elodie stands in silence and watched the red tinted taillights on the moving limousine leave the garage space, moving ahead towards a second sliver tinted limousine. The standing male driver nods to Elodie and holds the door open. She bends down and slides over the smooth leather seat. The door closes. The driver slides back down and enters the seat, driving Elodie back home to her apartment. At home, Elodie exits the limousine and yawns with exhaustion from a busy day, climbing each concrete step, stopping in front of her entrance door. Then the door opens and reveals a young girl, who smiles at Elodie. 
"The young girl says, 'Hey, Elodie! I was wonderful when you were getting home.'
Elodie looks up and gasped in shock, entering her apartment home, 'What are you doing here, Naya?' She moves to the living room setting and drops down her personal items, standing in the middle of the floor.
"'Naya looks down and stares at the floor. 'I ran away from home.'
"'Naya!'
"She looks up and frowns at her relative. 'I can't stand to live there any longer. I'm nothing but a slave. Clean you room, Naya! Do your homework, Naya! Stop that loud music, Nays! Take off these clothes, Naya!'
"'Naya!'
"'I only need a place to crash during the night. I go to school during the day.'
"'And then what are you going to do, after you have completed your school?'
"'Well, I can stay with you. Please. Pretty please!'
"Elodie shakes her hair with a sour frown. 'No!'
"Naya smiles and nods her long blonde tinted hair running down her back spine to her fit waistline. 'Please!'
"'No!'
"'I don't have another place to stay the night but here. Or I can go back and stay with my parents at my house. Please, Elodie!'
"Elodie exhales with exhaustion and nods with a sour frown. 'Fine! Fine! You can stay one or two nights. That's all. I only possess a one bedroom apartment. You must sleep on the sofa here in the living room.' Naya nods with a smile in silence. Elodie exhales with annoyance and spins around moving into the small kitchen preparing both of them a small evening meal. They eat in silence. Elodie leaves the kitchen and slowly pads into the one bedroom setting, shouting out loud to Naya, 'Good night, Naya!'
Naya swiftly stands upright from the wooden chair and shouts out loud, 'Thanks you, Elodie! Good night!' she starts to clean up the dirty dishes before moving to the sofa for her nightly slumber.
"The next day, the limousine arrives for Elodie. Elodie is dressed in one of the newest fashion design clothes, wearing a pair of skinny trousers with a soft peach colored blouse, in a pair of killer five inched peach colored sandals, racing through the living room and exits her apartment. She yells at Naya. 'Go to school, Naya!' the entrance door slams behind her back spine.
Naya slowly rolls off the sofa and stands upright on top of the wooden floor, slowly moving around the tiny apartment with a smile.
"The limousine arrives at the office building and drops Elodie at the entrance door. She rushes through the lobby space, taking the elevator carriage with the beautiful people, arriving at her office desk and starts working her busy day. Three hours later, Naya arrives inside the open archway of Elodie's office suite and smiles at her cousin. "Hey, Elodie!'
Elodie looks up and gasped in shock. "What! Why are you here?'
"'I quit school. I need a working job for working monies.'
"'What!'
"Naya frowns, 'Are you deaf? Do your two eardrums need to be replaced? I quit school. I need a job.'
"Elodie frowns and motions for Naya to enter the room, grabbing her personal mobile telephone, talking to someone on the line. Naya enters with a smile and sits down in the leather chair, scanning the big office space. Elodie nods and smiles to Naya dropping down her phone onto the office desk surface, 'I have a job for you. There is a limousine downstairs in front of the lobby space. Leave my office, go down there and enter the rear compartment. The driver will know where to go. Good luck, Naya!' She looks down and exhales with frustration at her cousin, starting her work with a busy day.
"Naya frowns and slowly stands upright from the chair. 'Wow! That was quick. Are you always so quick?'
"Elodie does not look up and says to Naya, 'It is called efficient.'
Inside the meeting room on the third floor, a fourteenth employee from the furniture store shouted out loud with laughter to the female storyteller. "It is called boring. Are you finished with your fairy tale? I got one. I wanna go next."
The female storyteller frowned then smiled. "Elodie finishes her busy day and appears inside the office of Yarrow. Yarrow is dressed in a long gala gown in bright orange hue standing in the middle of the floor, moaning with her duty. 'Are you still going to become my maid of honor at my wedding ceremony on Saturday morning?'
"'Yes, ma'am!' Elodie smiles.
"'Good! Go home, Elodie! Your duties are done here. I am meeting my mother and my future husband and his family members for a gala dinner and dance tonight.' She moves ahead and passes Elodie while groaning with her silly duty, walking alone down an empty hallway, taking the elevator carriage down to the underground garage space.
"Inside the office space, Elodie bounces up and down on top of the hard wooden floor ending her busy day and takes the assigned limousine back to her home. Naya is not there but at her current job that requires her presence from early sunrise until late moonlight hours. Elodie should know because it is her old warehouse job from six months ago. Elodie prepares for bed and happily falls down into deep sleep." The storyteller nodded with a smile. "The next day?"
"?has come and gone. This is a boring fairy tale with the cute or mean fairies. Finish your story! Or end your story! Either way, shut up!" A seventeenth employee from the furniture store continued to sit and frowned at the storyteller. Some of the other employees booed at the rude employee while the other half clapped for the ending of the silly story.
The female storyteller continued to sit with a smile and waved both of her arms in the air without ending her story plot. "The next day, Elodie arises and dresses in a new glittering pink tinted long, ankle-length gown as she is the maid of honor for bride Yarrow. The wedding ceremony starts at ten in the morning. The hot is hot. The sun is shining. The clouds are gone."
"O! It got it now! Elodie is going to marry Yarrow. The twist tail of a stupid fairy tale. The end!" An eighteenth employee from the furniture store nodded with laugher. "Now, it's my turn. Once upon?"
"?the time was nine o'clock in the morning," the storyteller continued with a sour frown then smiled. "The assigned silver tinted limousine arrives at the apartment building of Elodie. Elodie exits her apartment looking beautiful in her long silky gown as the curved gown tail flutters in the air and then drags down over the concrete step. She continues to rush ahead from her apartment and folds down at her fit waistline, entering the rear bench seat, sliding over the smooth leather. The door is closed by the assigned driver, who wears a traditional black tinted uniform with a silly cap, displaying a head of cropped black hair, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of dark skin. He slides back into the driver's seat and steers towards the local church, stopping in front of the concrete steps. Each limousine will be used by the bride and groom's people party driving to the reception party at a local hotel.
"Elodie exhales with annoyance at the driver for not parking behind the massive church property closer to the rear door that leads into the back hallways with classrooms, dressing rooms, and the infamous bridal room. She slides off the bench seat with a fake smile to the driver and exits the rear compartment while the driver holds the heavy door. Then she dashes ahead and runs around the side wall of the massive church, tripping on the elegant bridesmaid gown with her killer five-inches summer sandals, recovering elegantly while still dashing upright and then stops at the rear metal door in dull red tint. She exhales with heavy breathes and annoyance, straightening her bridesmaid's dress, reaching out with both cupped hands and opens the heavy door. She views a semi-dark hallway, without seeing the rest of the bridal party. However, Yarrow does not have any sisters or brothers or cousins or aunts or uncles that will join the bridal party, only Elodie as the maid of honor for the wedding ceremony. She enters the hallway and slowly pads down the quiet hallway searching for the bridal room. Elodie is not a member of the church and does not know the landscape of the internal walls, only the directions coming from bride Yarrow.
"Elodie halts in place and gasps in shock, staring at bride Yarrow. Yarrow stands in the same semi-dark hallway and wears a long glittering white tinted wedding gown, a long matching bride veil over her pair of blue eyes, a glittering small tiara of real diamonds on top of her blond tinted hair roots, and a bouquet of tiny white colored rosebuds in her two naked hands as her glistening diamond ring shines from the artificial lights.
Elodie turns and points at a tall young female with a head of long blonde hair that stands beside Yarrow. 'What! What is this! Why is she here? Why is Naya wearing a pink tinted gown like mine? Why is Naya standing beside you, Yarrow? What is she doing here? This is?'
"'? my maid of honor, Elodie,' Yarrow smiles at her assistant. 'I mentioned that last night, but as usual you were not listening. Or you are forgetting like usual, also.'
Elodie gasps in shock and shakes her long blonde colored hair, staring at Yarrow. 'What! What are you talking about, Yarrow? I am your maid of honor. I am wearing the pink colored bridesmaid dress coming from the latest fashion designer for your wedding ceremony. I am the...'
"'? one that has lost your circuits, baby. Yarrow said that you were forgetting your orders, Elodie. If that is the case, there is only one course of action,' Naya stands taller, skinnier, and sexier beside Yarrow and smiles at Elodie, wearing the same pink tinted silk bridesmaid gown, a head of long blonde colored hair down her back spine to her fit waistline, a pair of blue colored eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin. She slowly moves ahead and away from Yarrow, reaching out with both of her arms, grabbing each collar bone on Elodie. Elodie yells in panic and fights with Naya.
"Naya is younger and stronger of the two tall females, applying pressure from her two cupped hands, crushing each collar bone on Elodie. The red tinted sparks of fire and broken black tinted long rubber-coated cables fling out from the upright body on Elodie as Naya continues to crush the robot human body into a pile of busted circuits and wires. Elodie does not scream out loud like a human child but softly moans her final computer wheeze, dropping down on top of the wooden floor on her two metal kneecaps. Naya releases the first robot and spins around wearing a robotic smile to her new mistress. 'The old model has been terminated, Yarrow.'" The storyteller smiled as the rest of the employees erupted with claps, cheers, and laughter for the great story plot. The storyteller continued to sit and told. "Human female Yarrow nods with a smile to her new robotic assistance. 'Excellent work, robot! You are my new personal assistant, Naya. Are you still going to become my maid of honor today at my wedding ceremony?'
"'Yes, ma'am!' Naya says with a robot smile and a warm human-like alto voice.
"Yarrow spins around and slowly pads around in her wedding dress for the upcoming wedding ceremony to her human groom. "Good! Let's go and get married. The groom and his family are waiting for my arrival at the wedding altar. What a day!" Her new robot companion follows the fluttering long blonde hair strands on Yarrow, starting her new day of her long robot life." The female storyteller slowly stood upright from the chair and viewed each employee. "In the year 2080, each business company only employed beautiful robots that performed all of the soft office work and the hard manual work, producing or distributing merchandise to the humans. Each human, who survived the Third World War, lounged in a world of luxury without working a job and receiving lots of electronic monies from the One World Government system. Each business owner was required to work in their personal company and could not force a robot to work, only ask if the robot would serve their needs. And if the old robot model was incompetent and outdated, only another robot machine could touch and then destroy its sister or brother machine, removing from the business company or happy household, making room for the newest robot model. The end!" she clapped for her own story along with the employees.
"Me! I'm next!" Average height and overweight older male stood upright from the chair and slapped his chest, wearing a blue tinted business suit with a yellow and green necktie, displaying a head of cropped thick grayish-brown hair, a pair of turquoise eyes, and a tone of weathered skin. "The ancient city of Carthage was the capital city of the Carthaginian civilization, which was located on the eastern side of Lake Tunis, which is now located in the modern city of Tunisia. The ancient city of Carthage was the most important trading town within Ancient Mediterranean culture and greatly influenced the rest of the smaller villages and growing large towns of the Ancient World. Carthage was the second largest city in Ancient Rome rivaling against the major city of Rome with 750,000 people and equal to the city of Alexandria."
A new employee who worked at the Birmingham Furniture Store laughed out loud. "Where is the modern-day country of Tunisia located? I don't know."
"He failed his middle school geography class," a second employee smiled and then read out loud from the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone. "The country of Tunisia is located within the continent of Northern Africa and borders in-between the Mediterranean Sea and the Sahara Desert. The capital of Tunisia is called Tunis. To the east of the ancient city of Carthage, Roman ruins and artifacts are present and are also displayed in the Carthage National Museum. The country of Tunisia covers 63, 170 square miles. But I bet it wasn't that big when the ancient city of Carthage was birthed." She laughed with the other employees.
The storyteller frowned then smiled. "The ancient city of Carthage was the most important trading town within Ancient Mediterranean culture and greatly influenced the rest of the smaller villages and growing large towns of the Ancient World. Carthage was the second largest city with 700,000 people rivaling against the major city of Rome with 750,000 people and equal to the city of Alexandria, within the country of Egypt."
"Is this another high school level Ancient World History lesson? Or what else, bro?" The bold employee from the furniture store frowned then laughed at the male storyteller.
The male storyteller laughed and sat down, using both of his hands telling the new story, "I ain't your bro. I am a storyteller. Queen Dido was the founder of Carthage?"
"?and a crafty, smart, beautiful queen of her day, even before that other queen from another country which called Egypt," a second employee slowly rose up from the chair and displayed a tall, slender body frame, a head of long auburn tinted hair, a pair of amber eyeballs, and a tone of amber skin, wearing a dull colored orange tinted pants suit, nodding to each employee. "Forget about Cleopatra, the seventh! Princess Dido was born in the country of Tyre."
"This is not a history lesson. This is a contest for the best science fiction or fantasy fiction story. Sit down, girl!" A third employee continued to sit and sneered at the smart co-worker.
The bold female employee continued to stand. "Princess Dido was born in the country of Tyre, in the year 839 BC, which is long before Cleopatra, the seventh. Her royal daddy, the unnamed king of Tyre, makes his daughter Princess Dido and his son Prince Pygmalion his joint royal heirs to the Tyre throne. In the year 831 B.C., after his royal death, the citizens of Tyre only accept the six year old Prince Pygmalion as the King of Tyre. Now, that sounds like something an Egyptian Pharaoh would do to his children. Anyways, at the age of eight years old, Princess Dido marries her ugly, old uncle Acerbas, who is a priest in the temple for one of those fake gods. However, the royal gossip tattles that old, ugly Acerbas has secretly buried in the desert dirt all of his accumulated wealth of gold coins. You know, based on Ancient History books, how the god and goddess priesthood worked," she laughed with the others. In the year 825 B.C, at twelve years old, King Pygmalion murders his blood-related royal uncle. His sister Princess Dido asks to come and live in the royal palace but really wants to escape away her murderous brother, who is actively searching for the hidden golden treasure. Her brother King Pygmalion sends a flock of maidens to assist his sister's moving plans back to the royal palace with all of gold coins from her dead husband-uncle Acerbas. Princess Dido orders the flock of maidens to toss the bags of god down in the sea water as an offering to the spirit of her dead husband-uncle Acerbas. Now, this story is crazy first. And a poor girl having to marry her old uncle is insane second. Back to Princess Dido! Princess Didi has filled each bag with seashore sand, not the gold coins. Princess Dido and the flock of young maidens flee the city of Tyre and the wrath of her brother King Pygmalion along with the some of the devoted senators from Tyre, heading towards the land of Cyprus. Princess Dido and her followers also rescue a group of desperate young maidens from the lands of Cyprus traveling to the coast of North Africa for eleven years. That's a long time wandering around the countryside. As a matter of fact, Princess Dido is her earned nickname which means, wanderer. Her real name is Elissa from her unnamed dead king-father. In the year 814 B.C., at the age of 25 years old, Princess Dido and her followers greet the Berber ruler, King Iarbas and asks for a bit of land based on the hide of an ox as she is part of a refugee party coming from the land of Tyre. An ox is a great big bull. King Iarbas and Princess Dido agree to the terms. Princess Dido is very clever and solves her problem with a trick. Rather than take the ox hide as a whole, she cuts the hide off the dead ox into a set of long strips and attaches them at the ends, laying out one long strip of dead ox skin, forming a circle pattern from the seashore going around the top of the grassy hilltop and claims her land, founding the future empire of Carthage. She has solved the mathematical isoperimetric problem of enclosing the maximum area within a fixed boundary with a circle pattern, which is called "Dido Problem" in modern calculus of variations.
"How did Princess Dido accomplish this mathematical feat? She starts forming a loop with all of the strips of dead ox hide into a square shape. Then she increases the area by bulging out the sides. If she bulges out the sides as much as possible, then she pushes in the corners a little bit by pushing the loop outwards anywhere, which increases the area. The only geometric shape that allows no room for pushing things outward is a circle. To enclose as much area or land or space as possible, Princess Dido arranges her loop of dead ox skins into a circle. Thus, a circle is the shape that gives a person the largest area. The mathematicians did not complete her geometrical proof, until the year 1879. So, Princess Dido was a mathematical genius.
"Thus, in the year 814 B.C., the new city of Carthage is circular in shape and becomes her new home along with her devoted followers of eleven years. Some of the local Berber citizens joins the new settlement building of the new city. A side note: during the digging process for the foundation stones, the head of a dead ox was uncovered that represented a wealthy city but subject to others. Then the head of a dead horse was found that represented a powerful city in wartime. Once the city of Carthage is seeded, in the year 814 B.C., and then becomes richly prosperous with numerous citizens and profitable trade routes through the sea waters, 29 years later, in the year 785 B.C. her brother King Pygmalion dies at the age of 52 years old. They died young back now! Then 26 years later, in the year 759 B.C., the older and uglier Berber ruler, King Larbas demands that Queen Dido become his royal wife. Else, he will attack and wage war on Carthage. Queen Dido sends a team of diplomatic envoys to King Larbas for peace. King Larbas demands that a native of Carthage come and teach him the Phoenician ways. The team of Carthaginian envoys inject that no native of Carthage would dwell with the savages. Upon the return back to the kingdom of Carthage, after learning of the failed diplomatic trip, Queen Dido condemns any native that does not give their live for their beloved city. Then, the team of royal diplomates explains that King Larbas demands Queen Dido in the hand of marriage. Well, Queen Dido has become trapped by her own royal words, not by any royal deadly actions, unlike the popular younger Queen Cleopatra. 
"Queen Dido offers to marry King Larbas while saving her city and prepares a ceremonial funeral pyre of brilliant fire in Carthage honoring the life of her dead husband. First building a tall pile with numerous old clothes and old furniture pieces, then Queen Dido sacrifices young female slaves on top of the platform to his living spirit. At the age of 80 years old, Queen Dido desires to remain faithful to her dead husband and slowly ascends towards the top of the funeral pyre, then falls down onto the flat platform, stabbing the pointy tip of an old sword through her heart organ, dying for her dead husband, saving her city, and not marrying the Berber king.
"Her sister Princess Anna races up the pile and holds embracing her dying sister, until the death act. Then she descends down the pile of items, ordering a fire, burning the items and the dead body of her queenly sister in the heated flames. After the self-sacrifice of her will, Queen Dido becomes worshipped as a goddess as long as her home city of Carthage endures, until the year 146 B.C. The end of Queen Dido, the first royal queen of the Ancient World to sacrifice herself for her people." She stood upright from the chair and bowed to the group of employees while laughing out loud with some of her co-workers. The employees started laughing and clapping for the smart female.
The male storyteller stood upright from his chair and said. "I was going highlight all of these points about Queen Dido also. I wanna add here that the ancient city of Carthage was built right on the sea inlets 72 years before the foundation of Rome within the country of Italy." He laughed with the other employees.
"You didn't even know what sea inlet is. Get off the grid! I got a great story that tops the robot one." A second employee from the furniture store laughed out loud with the other employees and waved his arm for dismissal of the current storyteller.
The male storyteller continued to stand and smiled, telling his story plot. "The ancient city of Carthage built two artificial sea harbors. One housed the great navy might with 200 warships. The other harbor provided merchant ships for mercantile trade. A thirteen-foot high wall tower overlooked and protected both of the artificial sea harbors with guards and guns," he laughed with the others. "The ancient city of Carthage contained massive rock walls that measured 23 miles in length and thirteen feet in height, which was the longest wall of the age. The longest wall of the age was located on the shoreline. The western wall was three miles long and had been attacked by an enemy. Within the longest wall, the city was divided into four quarters with the same equal layout consisting of a burial site, religious grounds, market place, council house, high tower building, a theater entertainment place, and residential houses with a citadel in the middle of the quarter."
"Where is the fairy tale? This is a factual truth." A third employee from the furniture store laughed out loud."
The storyteller continued with a smile. "Each block was separated by a straight street that was twenty feet wide made of clay with a set of steps compensating for the sloped hillside coming up from the seashore. Each street held numerous shops, where each basement setting collected fresh rain water for domestic use. The opposite side of the street displayed an open courtyard filled with flowers, scrubs, and statues of famous men, not females, in front of a six-story, whitewashed family home. This layout became known as the Hannibal District. I wanna stop right here and switch historical threads"
"No!" A fourth employee continued to sit and frowned then chuckled out loud, "Please don't! Go on! Get this over with. Please! Please!" He laughed with the other employees.
He smiled. "I wanna talk about Hamilcar Barca first. His manhood and life style were awesome. He was birthed in the year 275 B.C. and part of the landed aristocracy in Carthage that had come from the land of Cyrene. The name, Barca comes, from the Greek language, meaning, thunderbolt. Now, don't you wish that your personal name had an awesome meaning come from Ancient Greek or Roman history? Yes, you do," he laughed. "At the age of 28 years old, Hamilcar was a father to three daughters and his infant son Hannibal and a commander for Carthaginian army in charge of the troops, in the year 247 B.C. At the age of 28 years old, he was in war battles and in charge of battle warriors, ain't that unbelievable? Yeah, it is.
"General Hamilcar Barca also hauled each defeated general and admiral of his enemy before the Tribunal of 104 and had each one crucified. Now, where have I heard that terrible event before? Hmm! Also, when Roman consul requested that a peace truce be awarded in order to bury his dead Roman soldiers, during battle war with General Hamilcar, Hamilcar quoted that his quarrel was with the living only and the dead had already settled their duties. Hamilcar granted the peaceful truce to the Roman military leaders. After a successful war battle, Hamilcar offered the prisoners a choice to join his arm or leave the battle area with the condition of never fighting against the Carthage army again. Now, where have I heard that exciting news before too? Hmm! I would venture to say that the Roman civil and military leaders learned some tricks from the Carthaginians. My final extinguishing observation from me, to you, about my new but dead ancient friend General Hamilcar, he was in command of a mercenary army which was composed of many foreigners, such like, Celtic warriors, Numidian soldiers, and Libyan fighters. Every man needs to eat too. During the war campaign, in the summer of 247 B.C., when some of the mercenary soldiers rebelled, General Hamilcar murdered some of them at night and then he drowned the rest of them in the sea water and finally dismissed the rest into the norther portion of present-day country of Africa. In the final battle, at the city of Helike, at the young age of 47 years old, the short life of General Hamilcar Barca, as he was trying to save the lives of his three sons and numerous his friends by taking another dirt road but was overtaken by the enemy king, was extinguishing and then extinguished, when his horse plunged down into the Jucar River and perished in the flood along with his steed. His two older sons Hannibal and Hasdrubal survived the war battle and fled back to the military camp in safety. In the Ancient History books, General Hamilcar Barca was a Carthaginian general, a stateman and the leader of the Barca family clan, the father of three daughters and three sons and rode into the war battlefield on a war elephant. Now, is that not the coolest moving transport in history? His famous sons were Hannibal, Hasdrubal, and Mago. Now, I do believe that General Hamilcar Barca was one of the true badasses of Ancient History. What do you think?" he chuckled with the other employees then smiled, "And let's talk about the concept of the 'family ruling class.' World Ancient History mentions that Hamilcar had three daughters and three sons, maybe additional sons and daughters, that are not named in the Ancient World history books. His first daughter married Bomilcar, who was one of the rulers of Carthage and commanded in sea fleet in the Second Punic War against annoying Romans. His grandson Hanno, coming from son-in-law Bomilcar, was a commander in the army with Uncle Hannibal. His second daughter married Hasdrubal, the Fair, who became an important Carthaginian general from within the Second Punic War. And his third daughter married Naravas, a Numidian chieftain that saved her father during the Mercenary War. Wow! Does that sound like another famous American family unit that likes to lead the nation into prosperity or take over with another lost cause that leads into a new war battle? I dub the Barca family the first true family ruling class of the world. Now, this is not the end," he laughed with the other employees. "Hasdrubal, the Fair was a Carthaginian general and Hannibal's brother-in-law succeeding as the commander of the Carthage army, after the death of his father-in-law Hamilcar Barca in the year 228 B.C. In the year 229 B.C. Hasdrubal, the Fair lived with his wife and children on the Iberian Peninsula. Do not ask me where the Iberian Peninsula is, in the year 229 B.C.? Because, I don't know, and I don't care. But I do care to add that an eighteen years old Hannibal lived in a house beside his sister and his brother-in-aw Hasdrubal, the Fair, on the same Iberian Peninsula, and he was a military officer under the command of Hasdrubal, the Fair.
"The second famous son from General Hamilcar, Hasdrubal was birthed in the year 245 B.C. and became a Carthaginian general in the Second Punic War, and he was the biological brother of Hannibal and Mago Barca. He battled with the Roman soldiers starting with his teen years until his death day. On June 22th, in the year 207 B.C., on his way to meet his brother Hannibal, a 38 years old Hasdrubal encountered two Roman armies, after his two messengers had been captured and revealed Hasdrubal's new plans. During the engagement, which was known as the Battle of Metaurus, the Carthage troops were defeated and retreating from the Romans, when Hasdrubal charged into fray and become beheaded. His severed head was packed into a cloth sack and tossed into the camp site with Hannibal, declaring his utter defeat.
"The youngest son of General Hamilcar, Mago Barca was a Carthaginian aristocrat and military leader that served with his father and two brothers fighting in the Second Punic War against Roman Republic leadership and legions. At the age of 40 years old, Mago received skin wounds during at the war battle, in the city of Cisalpine Gaul. When he was recalled back to Carthage and boarded a ship, he died at sea, before arriving at his home.
"From the years 229 B.C., until 221 B.C., Hasdrubal, the Fair lived with his wife, his children, and his brother-in-law Hannibal on the Iberian Peninsula. Hasdrubal, the Fair was known as a skilled diplomat rather than a military leader and negotiated the lands and seas that established the naval base and city of Qart Hadasht. In the year 221 B.C., Hasdrubal, the Fair was assassinated by a slave of the Celtic King Tagus. The successor of Hasdrubal, the Fair was Hannibal Barca.
"The oldest son General Hamilcar Barca, Hannibal was birthed in the year 247 B.C. At the age of 18 years old, he lived in a house beside his sister and his brother-in-law Hasdrubal, the Fair. Upon his youthful arrival to the fair city, the old soldiers of yesteryears saw a younger version of his father Hamilcar. Hannibal possessed the same bright look, the same fire in his eyes, and the same military genius from his father.
"Over time, Hannibal married Imilce, who was a female from the city of Castulo, which was Spanish city allied with the Carthage government, and he birthed a son, who was not named in the Ancient World History books. At age of 26 years old, Hannibal was proclaimed the commander of the Carthaginian army, after the assassination of Hasdrubal, the Fair, in the year 221 B.C. For two years, Hannibal worked on his great military plan to finally defeat the Rome, carrying on the promise from his father Hamilcar while creating the Second Punic War. He devised a military strategy of invading the country of Italy through a northern front, controlling allied Roman city-states on the peninsula, entering the city, instead of attacking Rome directly by sea or land. Hannibal starts at the ancient city of New Carthage, which is now called Cartagena, within the country of Spain.
"New Carthage was founded in the year 227 B.C. by Hasdrubal, the Fair, with the familiar town name of Qart Hadasht, which was a Phoenician word, meaning, new town.
"Hannibal left the city of New Carthage, in late spring of 218 B.C. starting his military journey with 60,000 troops and a crop of trained war elephants, marching through the modern-day city of Valencia. The province of Valencia presents is mountainous terrain in the interior running north and west and the foothills of Andalusia running west to east. The mountain terrain features deep and steep valley floors which are formed by major rivers of water running through the floor, which is thirty miles long and twenty miles wide with the seas beside the coastal plain. After 14 miles, north of the province of Valencia, Hannibal would stop and rest at the Sagunto Castle, a familiar sight within his eyeballs. The castle is posed upon a flat-topped hill which faces the sea water and is also the last upthrust of the Sierra Calderona mountain range, reaching an altitude of 564 feet above sea level. In the year 218 B.C., Hannibal had attacked then conquered the castle for the conquest of the Carthage Empire and started the outbreak of the Second Punic War. He leaves the Sagunto Castle and travels through the dangerous lands of Gaul, which is now modern-day country of France, traveling through the northern foothills of the Pyrenees Mountain range while fighting out battles with the local Gaul tribes. He conquers them all and then leaves a garrison of 20,000 troops at his newly acquired region, continuing his trek ahead through the Pyrenees Mountain range with 40,000 soldiers, 12,000 horsemen, and a crop of 40 war elephants. In the month of September, in the year 218 B.C. Hannibal reaches the Rhone River which is 629.7 miles of walking for six months. Wow! That is incredible. The Rhone River is a long, straight body of water, staring at the Rhone Glacier in the Switzerland mountains on the eastern end, passing through Lake Geneva, running through southeastern France down into the Mediterranean Sea. The Rhone River is separated by the Swiss Alps at the Massif Central. "During ancient times, the Rhone River was an important inland trade and transportation route connecting numerous small France towns to each Mediterranean seaport. A sea barge took three weeks by river water. A modern-day sea vessel takes only three days.
"Hannibal crosses the Rhone River someplace, even the modern-day historians do not know where. The Swiss Alps comprise a lot of high mountains, including Dufourspitze peak at 4,634 feet in height and the Matterhorn mountain peak at 4,478 feet in height and the mountain range is shared with the countries of France, Italy, Austria, and Liechtenstein. The mountain ranges cover 65 percent over the country of Switzerland which is 15,940 square miles of surface area. This are the Swiss Alps. So, air temperature decreases at each altitude. Thus, the Swiss Alps possesses three different air temperature altitudinal zones. Say that three times!" He laughed with the other employees the smiled. "The Sub-alpine Zone is located below the tree line and contains trees and all of the humans and their houses. The Alpine Zone is above the tree line and displays grassy pasture lands with small plants and mountain flowers corralling domestic animals for work and food stuff. Finally, the Glacial Zone is comprised of permanent snow and ice. The steepness of the slope is not too high which produces a plain of compact snow packs that creates an overhanging serac, which is a solid block of ice between the mountain peaks that can collapse down into the valley floor, without warning. Now?"
"?are you almost finished here?" An eighth employee frowned at the storyteller.
"Now, Hannibal stomps down through the snow and ice arriving on the northern portion of Italy, diving ahead through more snowflakes, cold wet weather and icy ground with 20,000 soldiers, 4,000 horsemen, no horses, and one elephant. After encountering then conquering the Roman settlement at the River Ticinus, Hannibal marches into the new battlefield with 32,000 soldiers, 11,000 horsemen, and 37 war elephants and arrives at Lake Trebia in the middle days within the month of December, in the year 218 B.C. He engages the Roman legions which includes 18,000 soldiers, 20,000 Italian soldiers, and 4,000 horsemen. At the end of the winter battle with falling snowflakes and icy water from Lake Trebia, Hannibal wins the war battle with deaths totaling 5,000 soldiers and some of the war elephants and his right eyeball going blind. He needs to wear an eye patch over the exposed membranes, after that. The Roman legions lose 32,000 warriors. That sounds like great news for both General Hannibal Barca and the Carthage Empire.  Hannibal continues to battle for 15 years for the Carthage Empire, his dead father, his reputation, his fortunes, and with his personal Asia elephant, who only possesses one tusk, making them a pair of buddies while holding the southern portion of Italy but could not win the Second Punic Ware, because the Roman general Fabius Maximus has avoided the confrontation fight of blood and guts while waging an invisible war of attrition, which works perfectly.
"Finally, at the last battlefield on a flat plain in the town of Zama, in the year 202 B.C., the Battle of Zama ended the Second Punic War. Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus had saved his wounded father with a terrible death blew from Hannibal, at the Battle of Trebia. Also, Scipio had studied the military strategies of Hannibal. Finally, he had the support of the Numidian soldiers, who had once been employed by Hannibal and then defected to the Roman legions.
"At the battlefield of Zama, 46 years old Hannibal possesses 40,000 soldiers, 4,000 horsemen, and 80 war elephants. The Roman legions consists of 35,100 soldiers including 29,000 soldiers and 6,100 horsemen. During the first charge, Hannibal uses his line of war elephant at the Roman army that only run in a straight line, unlike a horse. Scipio's soldiers run through the openings in-between the stampeding mammals, driving the elephants off with firing missiles. Then the horsemen engage in battle, where the Romans defeat each Carthage horsemen, chasing them off the battlefield. This is not looking good for Hannibal. The first, second, and third lines of Carthaginian soldiers are defeated by the Roman legions, when the Roman horsemen return back, attacking the rear line of Carthage soldiers, destroying the warriors. At the end of the battle, the Roman legions suffer 5,000 dead soldiers, including 2,500 Romans and 2,500 Numidians. Hannibal's army losses include 25,000 killed and 20,000 captives.
"After his defeat at the Battle of Zama, the Carthaginian ruling elite?" he frowned. "Does that concept feel and sound familiar? Yes, I agree." He said. "The elites sue for peace with Rome and is required payment in silver back to the Roman Empire which ends seventeen years of warfare. General Hannibal Barca arrives back to his native home of Carthage and becomes the chief ruler, engaging in both political and financial reforms, which were required to repay the war indemnity to the Roman Empire. He audits the treasure chest and finds plenty of silver coins for paying off the war indemnity to Rome, without increasing the taxes on the working class of peoples. He also initials a reorganization of the state finance with eliminating political and civil corruption and recovering embezzled money funds. Hmm! Does that ancient concept both feel and sound strangely familiar like here in the great USA?" She nodded with the other employees. "However, the ruling elite or the Tribunal 104 benefits from the corruption, embezzlements, and high taxes on the working class of peoples. Hmm! Does that ancient concept both feel and sound strangely familiar like here in the great USA?" She nodded with the other employees then smiled. "Hannibal was able to enforce that each member of the Tribunal 104 could only be elected by the people and hold office for two years, instead of a lifetime. Hmm! Does that ancient concept both feel and sound strangely familiar like here in the great USA?" she laughed with the employees and then smiled. "Then Hannibal had created enemies among all of the elites through his civil and social reforms. In the year 195 B.C., at the age of 52 years old, a delegation from the land of Syria send a message alleging that Hannibal was helping an enemy of Rome. Now, did the Syrians possess telephone or mobile telephone devises back then?" She laughed with the other employees then presented a stern face. "Modern times, General Hannibal Barca at the age of 26 years old is the one of the greatest military strategists and tacticians in the world and one of the greatest generals of Mediterranean Era along with Phillip of Macedon; Alexander, the Greet, Julius Caesar. Back then, in the year 202 B.C., he was a middle-aged a war hero, who became defeated by the Romans. However, the Carthage people loved him; the Tribunal elites hated Hannibal. Thus, after seven years of peace and prosperity, the elites drove Hannibal from his home hearing the lies. Well, smart Hannibal voluntarily fled with his life, from his home city with his wife, children, and grandchildren, before the angry and greedy elites captured his person and sent him to Rome, for execution. Well, this affair is very sad and very mean. I'll glad that the USA does not forcible enter an American home, tie him or her up like a dead, roasted farm pig, removing him or her from their home by violent, and then placing him or her inside a prison for an innocent crime," she laughed with the other employees. "Hannibal was forced to find numerous foreign countries homes without his wife or children or grandchildren while working as an unpaid political advisor to each king, who were under the thumb of Rome. In the year 191 B.C., at the age of 56 years old, Hannibal was also called back onto the war battle again by the king of the land, where he currently resided and fought against the true enemy of the Ancient World, Rome. He had won and also loss some of the battles against Rome and then fled that kingdom, moving to a new one." The storyteller stood upright from his chair and nodded to each employee around the conference table, "Finally, in the year 181, at the age of 65 years old, finding his borrowed castle, in the country of Turkey, surrounded by Roman soldiers, without an escape plan, he opened the lid on his signal ring and consumed the tiny ounce of poison committing suicide, robbing Rome of the torture and execution and display of their greatest enemy, General Hannibal Barca. Before dying, he wrote out a letter stating, "Let us relive the Romans from the anxiety that they have so long experienced, since they think it tries their patience too much to wait for an old man to die." He bowed his chin and stated. "So, true here! So, sad here! So, done here!" He looked up and smiled at the group of employees, sitting down with several head nods.
"What! What was that about?" One of the employees continued to sit and frowned at the storyteller.
The storyteller smiled. "My story?"
"?is so lame. I will not vote for you or your story!" A second employee continued to sit and flipped her hand at the storyteller, shaking her curls with a sour frown.
I liked his story. Hannibal was a great man in this time. Then not the people, but the elites betrayed his good character, his good reputation, and his good name believing the lies, wanting his life force sent away to Rome to appease their new masters. This is a really scary story, because over 2,000 years in the future, the same thing is happening to good people here in the great USA, throughout other countries of the world. Yeah, this is a scary story. And I am afraid of the facts." Some of the employees cheered and clapped; the others sounded with hisses and boos.
"Me! I'm next!" A queen-sized employee female stood upright from her chair and smiled with a set of mouth braces, a pair of eye glasses over her pair of blue colored eyeballs, displaying a tone of light skin and a head of long black tinted hair down to her collar bones, wearing a pink tinted business suit. She slapped her chest with a smile. "I have a story for the group. I wanna thank Natstair for explaining the ancient history of the Barca clan boys. Now, the biggest news of all, General Hamilcar Barca was descended from King Pygmalion, the younger brother of Queen Dido. Ain't that something, ya'll!" She chuckled alone and nodded her head several times, staring at each one of the employees.
"What!" One of the employees gasped in alarm. "What are you talking about?"
A second employee frowned. "How do you know that tiny tidbit of Ancient World History?"
"Why are you the next storyteller? I wanna be the next storyteller here!" A third employee shouted out loud with a sour frown.
The new female storyteller lifted her personal mobile telephone near her smile and nodded several times, slapping her chest. "I was following the facts of the Barca family on my mobile telephone. Now, I will continue the story of Carthage, because Natstair only told the early facts about the ancient city. In the ancient city of Carthage, the surrounding countryside on the western side of famous Hannibal District held the farming agriculture society with small estate plantation consisting of olive trees, fruit trees, including pomegranate, almond, fig, date palm, honeycomb statues with busy honeybee, herds of cattle, sheep, and horses, flocks of chicken, and grape vines for wine-making, and finally hordes of non-paid slaves along with the farm equipment. The inner walls and works and words within the ancient city of Carthage was?"
"Look here!" A fourth employee from the furniture store around the table frowned. "We all know that it is the ancient city of Carthage. You don't have to keep repeating that silly set of words for my sore eardrums."
The storyteller continued. "The ancient city of Carthage provided the construction, outfitting and repair of all types of sea vessels. The mercantile port workers provided loading and unloading of merchandise packages from the water pier onto each floor of the merchant ship. The people were iron metal workers and pottery designers and sculptures of sarcophagi coffins in bronze and stone carvings. In the middle of the city, the citadel was named, the Temple of Eshmun, the healing god statue, stood at the top of sixty rock-coated steps. This place was the heartbeat of civic life, when the ruling leader presided, the council of elders convened, the Tribunal of 104 met, and justice was dispensed at the legal trials on top of the platform. Modern day historians had found an old cemetery, which was located south of the citadel platform, where infant skeletons were found indicating child sacrifice, which was practiced by the Carthaginians. Yeah, that's heavy, ya'll! Now, before I conclude my factual story. After the Battle of Zama, which ended seventeen years of warfare and the Second Punic War, the Carthage Empire became bankrupt, blamed war hero General Hannibal, eliminated their military fright and might status for the rest of their days and night and were then overseen by the Rome, but the city continued down a healthy and wealthy economic pathway. That's all good and strange, to me!"
"Finish your story!" A fifth employee shouted out loud.
The female storyteller smiled. "Because the city of Carthage quickly recovered from its war defeat, became another wealthy city, and was not allowed to defend their wall of rock without the permission of Rome, when the Numidian tribe of vicious soldiers attacked the peoples and properties, Rome did nothing to stop the attacks. So, Carthage engaged their new enemy, which made Rome both mad and jealous, causing the Third Punic War, 56 years later, in the year 146 B.C.
"In the year 146 B.C., Roman general Scipio Aemilianus Africanus?" she smiled. "Hmm! Does that name same so familiar to me and to you?" She laughed with the employees. "Scipio ordered the city of Carthage attacked. The Roman leaders landed the troops in a southern spot away from the city on top of the sandy dirt and then attacked Carthage. During the fight and the fire, the citadel platform held a staircase of sixty steps or six stories high in the night sky, where a scene of fierce combat fighting occurred between the Carthage warriors and the Roman soldiers during the fiery destruction of the city. The Roman soldiers pulled out all 220 warships from the water and burned the wood on the shoreline. A group of Roman sentries went house to house capturing or killing the citizens of Carthage. Before the wife of General Hasdrubal of Boetharch was captured by the Roman soldiers, she performs a self-immolation, like Queen Dido, which does live in infinity, because Natstair just told us all about it. The math number of 55,000 Carthaginians survived and then were sold into slavery by the Romans. The city buildings, courtyards, shops, and agriculture crops were set by fires and burned down to dirt, leaving only ruins and rubble. After the people were killed and then burning bodies or taken as slaves, the Roman army poured salt over the sandy ground indicating that the place was cursed, so another group of people would occupy the land. This is not the end. That current reigning Roman Emperor Augustus Caesar did not rebuild on the same sandy ground but moved preferring to build a new colony with some new and old Romans some twenty miles away from the original site of the fiery holocaust. Why is that?" She laughed with some of the employees. The other employees started chants of boos and fart sounds. The storyteller did not stand but lifted both of her palms near his smile. "Rome, the Roman leaders, soldiers, and citizens tried and then failed two other times during the two Punic Wars to conquer the Carthaginian Empire and was the greatest rival and current enemy of Carthage. Then at the Battle of Zama, the Roman Empire was granted control over the weakened Carthage Empire that still displayed a 23 feet wall of rock which surrounded the citizens and buildings, yet, in the year 146 B.C., the Roman army attacked and fired all of their ancient ammunition burning down the wall, the buildings, the peoples, the warships, and every single existence of each single Carthaginians back down into the sandy dirt. Why is that? Why would Roman emperor Augustus Caesar wanna invade a powerful empire?"
"The Roman army had mighty, tighty, and rightly rule during the Ancient times which is mentioned in the Ancient History books." A sixth employee shouted out loud with laughter.
A seventh employee nodded with a stern face. "The Roman Empire started to rule the world from the year 31 B.C., right after the death of queen Cleopatra, the seventh. She was not the first Queen Cleopatra, only the naughtiest one."
An eighth employee shouted out loud. "After the defeat of Hannibal at the Battle of Zama, in the city of New Carthage, the Romans occupied the land and found several silver mineral mines yielding a daily monetary revenue amount of 25,000 drachmas. Yeah, that's a Roman term for a silver coin in money currency. One drachma in pure silver-tinted mint is worth 25 dollars, US. So, the math number of 25 US dollars times 25,000 silver coins equals 625,000 US dollars per day. That amount equals 228,125,000 US dollars per solar year. Yeah, that's why men and fools went to war over silver coins and gold nuggets. And, I might add here, that simple, stupid war rule still applies today coming from all of the politician fools and greedy men and women in the modern world."
The storyteller sat down and smiled at her captivated audience. "The Carthaginians were also known for their hidden secrets regarding commercial legal contracts, ocean trade routes, and child sacrifices. Based on ancient texts found by the modern historians, Strabo, the Greek geographer wrote that the ancient city of Carthage held 700,000 people and traded with 300 different cities. Greek historian Polybius wrote Carthage was the wealthiest city in the world. Greek philosopher Aristotle wrote the city of Carthage had an excellent form of government cohabiting the elements of monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy. There was a king, a council of elders, 104 judges, the military generals, the military army, the rich elites, and the working people. The common peoples always remained loyal to the constitution without rebellion or rebel leaders and have never been ruled under a tyrant king or queen. Ain't that strange? According to historian Warmington, the people of Carthage were satisfied and submissive while the usual corruption, power-grab, and money-grab occurred at civil servant government level, like here in the great USA. The ancient city of Carthage started out with a wealthy smart king which evolved into the council of wealthier, greedier, and smarter elders and then eventually led to the downfall of the city."
"Are you done yet? As I am done with you, new girl. Get to the point of your fairy tale! This is all fart facts, not fun fiction," a ninth employee from the furniture store yelled out loud then laughed with the other employees.
"During the fire, all of the buildings burned, including the library. I find it interesting that each ancient society built and maintained a library. Yet, each government used military might to conquer their own people and other foreign lands with their people. Isn't that a strange combination?" The storyteller chuckled. "Anyways, the library was burned down with the rest of the buildings, so bully Rome could capture the city and enslave the peoples. But, only a few manuscripts, I dare call them books, as each manuscript was a single page of pressed plant wood including topics of sea navigation, crop agriculture, and the sacred or sacrificial books used at the sacred city temples. However, the Carthaginians were known for their secrets and secrecy of contracts and concerts. After the defeat of the city, these library objects ended up in the hands of Juba II, a Berber king and husband to the daughter of Cleopatra, the seventh. Well, that's convenient now. Because these particular famous royal couple and these entire clay tablets and a few other items coming from the stores in the primary Carthage temple lived in Rome, with the Romans."
A tenth employee frowned at the current storyteller. "What is are you talking about?"
She smiled with a nod. "I am telling a story."
"She's tattling another World History lecture. Get off the stage! I got a great story." An eleventh employee waved her hand near her sour frown at the female storyteller.
The female storyteller continued. "Ah, my co-workers! There is a mystery in Ancient Rome that leads to another mystery in Ancient England. So, I will leave the dead buried at the burnt down ancient city of Carthage and jump ahead in the World History book to the year 1616 A.D., in the city of London, within the country of England. The Great Fire with a set of capital letters on each word. The Great Fire of London, in the country of England, began on Sunday, September the second and continued until the sixth, in the year 1666. The Great Fire burned down 13,200 homes, 87 churches, including St. Paul's Cathedral Church and most of the office and warehouse buildings. The great fire cremated the city of London, inside the ancient and old Roman city wall. How interesting! The Great Fire threatened but did not reach the rich, wealthy aristocratic elite homes. But the event touched the homes and lives of 70,000 of the 80,000 inhabitants. The death toll was unknown as the heat of the fire consumed and then cremated many of the dead or dying victims into piles of ashes that had been recorded by modern science methods at 2,280 degrees Fahrenheit. Yipes! The Great Fire started in the bakery portion within the house of Thomas Farriner on Pudding Land after midnight on Sunday, September, the second and quickly spread across the road and throughout London. Due to the indecisive decision by Lord Mayor Sir Thomas Bloodworth, he delayed the anti-fire burning personnel and techniques as the wild winds fanned the flames into a firestorm pushing north on Monday morning into the heart of the city."
"We know all about Ancient World History. Each one of us has a college degree and had to attend Ancient World History class, passing the course or not," a twelfth employee laughed with the others.
"Hurry up and finish you story then! I go next and I got a good one." A thirteenth employee growled at the new female storyteller.
The female storyteller nodded with a sour frown, "All right! All right! All right! Fine! Fine! Fine!" She huffed with annoyance. "The city of London had been a Roman settlement for four centuries with a defensive wall that enclosed the city streets laying along the River Thames covering 700 acres and home to 80,000 people or one-sixth of London's inhabitants. The aristocrats shunned the city life and resided in the countryside estates living away from the heavy traffic, nasty people, the polluted and unhealthy air currents within the city. The year before a devastating outbreak of bubonic plague of 1665 killed half of the 500,000 residents. During the time periods of 1598 to 1664, crimes were the highest in the land in England due to harvest crop failures, diseased plagues, increased food prices, low paying wages, and industry stagnation leading to poverty for the poor, the peasants, the common peoples. After the Great Fire, the King of England offered free passage from the burnt city of London for all the homeless peasants and peoples to the New World, the future United States of America. Numerous homeless people accepted their new journey riding in the bottom of the ship gallery along with a very special object. In the year 1666, an England ship arrived at the newly renamed city of New York from New Amsterdam by the Duke of York, who resided in the country of England. Once off the ship, recovering from seasickness, all of the homeless peasants and peoples scattered the city living there or moving throughout the other twelve colonies of America. Now, I will?"
"?end the story. Yeah!" A fourteenth employee laughed with the other employees.
She smiled. "I will jump ahead to the current year and current time and current USA in the beach town of Mobile, Alabama. A tall, black haired, skinny, unhandsome young adult with buck teeth and red pimples over his face stands in the middle of empty living room of renovated house layout, extending both of his long skinny pale tinted arms even with the wooden floor. 'All the comforts of home!' He wears a pair of comfortable tan colored walking shorts, a ratty white tinted tee shirt with his favorite college football team, and a pair of nasty-looking set of tan colored flip-flops on his skinny, long, naked feet.
"His married wife of one year and one day stands a few feet opposite of her husband with a short queen-sized body frame, wearing a long peach colored summer dress without sleeves, and a pair of matching summer sandals, displayed a tone of smooth olive colored skin, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a cropped head of blonde tinted hair strands. She scans the room and frowns at the new environment. 'This is not a home or a house. This is a renovated building for a new or existed business company. We don't own a new or existing business.'
"He continues to smile at the new place. 'I know that. But my dad left me the second story building within his Last Will and Testimony. So, we can both live here and start a new business adventure while saving money and making more money. I always wanted to start a new business.'
"She returns with a sneer at her tall, ugly looking husband. 'I know too. You always wanted to do nothing and let other people work while you reap or rape all of the money awards.'
"'Nothing wrong with making money and not working,' he laughs.
"'Why did your father live here within a commercial property for current business companies? I still don't understand how your father died either.'
"'He frowns with sadness. 'He died. Okay. I don't know the details either. But my great-grandfather purchased this land and built this house. Then my great-grandfather died and gave to his son. His son gave to his son. And his son is gone from this place and me but left me this building.' He exhales with painful memories of his father then smiles, stomping one flip-flop on top of the wooden floor. 'This building, and the row of once residential homes, but now a street of business buildings, going back two city streets and over two blocks, is the old stomping sandy grounds of the ancient Fort Conde, that had been built in the year 1723. That's so cool! You know, this place could be haunted by an ancient he-ghost or she-ghost, who was tortured then died here in-between the walls by the Spanish or French or British soldiers. Yeah! Maybe, we could set up a haunted house business and sell lots of tickets, so people would come and try to find the ghost.'
"She frowns and shakes her short curls, 'That's a stupid idea, which will not make money, much less make you rich.'
"'He continues to smile at his brilliant idea and his pretty wife, "The city of Mobile was founded by Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville. in the year 1702."
"'I know that the city of Mobile is nestled on the warm Gulf of Mexico waters with a breathtaking sunset, lush grassy flat parks and fields of tree and plant foliage along with the extremely large bugs, displaying historical architecture form the year 1702, rows of ancient historical museums that presents diverse and many social cultures from all of the dead and buried British, Spanish, and French citizens and houses seafood restaurants. I am hungry and I am one of the true blue-blooded Mobilians but you ain't,' she laughs alone.
"'The original name was Fort Louis de la Louisiane which was located 27 miles upriver from the mouth of Mobile. However, the river flooded during the rainy season and damaged the fort forcing the settlement to relocate, in the year 1711, coming right here as a wooden fort was constructed for the guarding soldiers and their family units. In the year 1723, a newer and better brick-coated fort with a stone foundation was built over 11 acres of new lands covering the present-day city streets of Royal Street, Government Boulevard, Church Street, St. Emanuel Street, and Theatre Street and was renamed Fort Conde after Louis Henri de Bourbon, prince de Conde.'
"'I didn't know that you could speak the French language.'
"He slaps his chest and winks at his wife, 'I am part French and part American.' He laughs then smiles. 'Fort Conde guarded the city of Mobile and the citizens of Mobilians for 100 years from the years 1723 to 1820. The British Crown and British and French citizens and British soldiers occupied the fort during the year 1762 to 1780 and renamed the place, Fort Charlotte, after queen Charlotte of England. The Spanish Crown, British, French, and Spanish citizens, and Spanish soldiers occupied through warfare during the years 1780 to 183 and renamed the place Fuerte Carlota. In the year 1813, American General Andrew Jackson stormed the fort and occupied the place, remaining the site Fort Charlotte again while defending his new country during the War of 1812. In the year 1820, the US Congress ordered the sale of land underneath ancient walls on Fort Charlotte to private citizens as the city mayor paid and paved a set of new city streets moving towards the river edge which had created the row of beautiful Victorian houses. But this is not the end for Fort Conde. In the year 1976, a new but smaller brick-coated non-military fort was built to honor the 200th birthday celebration of the United States of America, where we are standing right now.' He stomps one of his flip-flops ahead over the smooth wooden floor and reaches out with a smile, grabbing her arm. She pulls back with a hiss. He drops his hand with a nod and spins around to face the entrance wall, moving towards the front door and stops in front of the long row of clean glass window panes. He points out the window and nods with a smile. 'Look how nice the outside window view to the city street. Each city street is paved with gray tinted cobblestones and each sidewalk is covered in pink, yellow, and orange bricks which is dotted with new gas lamps while displaying a quiet charm and allure of 19th Century nostalgia town of Mobile.'
"She spins around and faces the front row of glass windows, sneering at the lovely view of the sideway, the street, and the river water. 'The outside false wooden panels are colored in pink hue.'
"'You love the color of pink. The day is pretty. We can go for a stroll and meet the neighbors.'
"'No! I do not like the color of pink. The late afternoon her in Mobile is hotter than fire hot and we don't have neighbors. We have businesses, without people or persons, on a Sunday afternoon. The front porch wood is painted in white hue with an aqua colored metal door. I hate this house. And we are living at 199 Royal Street, which is located in-between two busy city streets of Monroe Street and Royal Street. The people, pets, and parked car noises will become unbearable to my sensitive eardrums during the daylight hours.'
"'But we overlook the Mobile River?"
"'? with all of the active sea vessels sailing to the busy ports. We should sell then abandon this place and find a new house.'
"'You know, like I do, the pastel colors on each house in a painted tone of pink or yellow or pale green or pale blue or light tan reflects the heated sunrays off each house, especially during the hot summertime days.' he spins around and smiles at his wife, reaching up, not touching the ceiling planks. 'Look! I can't even touch the ceiling planks with my tall height. The ceiling is fourteen feet tall making our new place look grand.' He drops his arm and smiles at her, moving ahead within the small living room space, pointing with a smile at each wall. 'I like pale colored walls in pale blue too here in the former parlor room. Let's go exploring. I wanna see the other rooms here in the house. This is a Victorian architecture style house both outside the walls and inside the walls. The entrance room is a formal parlor room with a large bricked fireplace and a gas-style chandelier over the wooden floor. Back then, the man came here to property court his future wife with her parents hiding in the kitchen, drinking a cup of hot tea and worrying about their daughter.' He slowly scoots ahead of his wife and runs into the first obstacle, reaching down, touching the door handle. 'Look over here! This is a pocket door in yellow paint that blocks the hallway and seals off the living room. This is so neat!' He slides the door open and moves down a hallway in peach colored paint between the row of glass windows, turning into the kitchen setting. 'Back then, the interior walls in the Victorian house reflected an antebellum sophistication including large mural paintings on the living, parlor and bedroom walls, pine wooden staircase, and a front porch with iron coated balcony, and high glass window panes, which also featured the classic Spanish architectural style.'
"She spins around and follows the back spine on her husband while snarling with annoyance. 'This house does not have a second floor of bedrooms or a pine wooden staircase or an iron-coated second balcony or a car garage for the car.'
"He stops and stands inside the small kitchen setting, pointing at the new appliances, 'We don't own a car, so we don't need a car garage. We took a taxi cab here. The house is 2000 square feet and includes six small rooms, two bathrooms, the front porch, and a kitchen. The kitchen is nice with light oak wooden cabinets and purple granite colored counters with a new over stove, a microwave, two wash sinks, a dishwasher, and a large refrigerator all in steel-coated glittering fineness.' He scoots down the narrow hallway and turns into the second open archway. 'This is one of the five bedrooms that appears in lavender colored walls. We could turn the room into an entertainment room.' She does not comment. He scoots down to the next open archway then stops, smiling at the yellow tinted walls without a glass window. The row of clean glass windows poses on the opposite side wall and views the manicured lawn and the side of the Victorian house next store. He smiles, 'This could become an office room with my new laptop computer for my new business of selling he-ghosts and she-ghosts.' He chuckles. 
"She stops and frowns at the room. 'Each room is very tiny?'
"'? with a beautiful fireplace.' He spins around and smiles at the next pocket door, sliding open the wood, gasping shock. 'Wow! This mud room is beautiful and charming. The rear wall is covered in complete glass that warms the area and paints a set of tiny colorful sparks down on the floor. I love this room. Come and look at this, honey. The rear brick patio is enclosed with a wall of solid glass panel viewing a manicured lawn of low-lying plants and pods of colorful flowers around that great big oak tree. The manicured yard is enclosed with a wooden fence for privacy. The radium of the tree holds a wooden circular bench. That tree must be hundreds of years old. This place is so beautiful. I love this house.'
"'I hate this house. Each room is tiny and cannot fit a king-sized bed mattress or other pieces of furniture. The skylights in the hallway blinks my sensitive eyeballs. And the yelping dogs, the roaming people and the flying cars are already buzzing noises into my two delicate eardrums.' She moves through the atrium room with a sour frown without viewing the pretty lawn and turns the wall corner, reaching out, slamming open the yellow tinted pocket door and reveals a new narrow hallway. She moves down the hallway and disappears from his eyesight.
"Her husband rushes across the floor of gray tinted tiles touching the gray tinted side wall, smiling at the lovely lawn and turns the wall corner, stopping behind her back spine. He smiles at the pink tinted room. 'Awe! So sweet! This can be the baby's room. I hope we have a little girl in the future.'
"'No!'
He smiles. 'This place is nice for us and quiet for a family ?'
"'?and worth millions.' She frowns. 'We should sell the building and purchase a great house.'
"'No!' he frowns at the room, not her face.
"She scoots down to the second open archway then stops and gasps in shock. 'Ugly room!'
"He scoots ahead and stands beside her, smiling at the room. 'This is the largest room in the house, which is our new master bedroom. Do you wanna go and play house with my, darling?'
"'No!' She scoots ahead and stops at the last open archway, before the third pocket door in yellow hue, frowning at the tiny room. 'What is this room? What is the purpose of the tiniest room in the world?'
"He scoots ahead and stands beside her, smiling at the new room. 'O! This is the dressing room for the master and mistress of the house changing from their elegant clothes into their nakedness. Each wall contains a set of built-in clothing light wooden drawers and a wall of walk-in closets. Wow! This is wonderful,' he moves inside and stops at the side wall, slowly pulling out then closing each wooden drawer. 'This place is great. I love our new place.' He back steps from the side wall and spins around to face the wall with four individual wardrobe closets, moving ahead then stops, opening the first door and looks inside. "Nothing but empty space! My dad didn't leave his used clothes either. That's strange!' He shuffles around and opens the other three wardrobe closets, gasping inside the last one. 'Wow! Come over here and look at this, honey!'
"She huffs with annoyance and slowly moves through the empty room, stopping beside her husband, staring at the object. 'What is that?'
"He laughs. 'I do believe it is an old fashion clothing rack that had been used by the dead and gone Victorian gentleman for hanging up his dress clothes. Back then, a man didn't have numerous business or leisure suits, like today.'
"She approaches the stationary object and examines the material, gasping in shock, reaching out for the glittering item. He slaps her hand down to the floor and sneers with annoyance. "No!" He continues to stare at the object. 
"She continues to stare at the object and whispers with delight. 'That is made of pure gold minerals.'
"'I can see that also.'
"'Why is it here? Why is it shaped into that particular common design?'
"'I do not know why the object is in the shape of a clothes rack with an individual stand,' he slowly moves ahead and carefully circles the object, studying the glittering gold minerals in dull hue.
"'We should take and sell it for millions of dollars'
"'No! My dad left it and this house here for me before he died. We keep it.'
'We become rich. You're a fool. I wanna become rich and live in a grand house. And we can finally do that selling that weird object.'
'No! We have this nice house, which is paid for. We only need money for the electricity and water and insurance monthly payments. That's all! I'll walk down the street to one of the businesses and get a job and make money paying for those things. Then, we'll be happy.'
'I wanna be happier than that.' She continues to stare at the golden clothes rack and reached out with a wicked grin for the object again.
"He reaches out and slaps her hand down to her side, sneering at his wife, "No! Don't you wanna get a plate of fresh seafood? I'm hungry, too. We'll go and celebrate our good fortune and talk about this golden object during our evening meal. The sun is about to sink down into the river water. Night is falling down on us. Are you ready for or dinner celebration?' He continues to smile at the golden object.
"She continues to stare at the object with a smile, 'I'm not dressed for our dinner celebration. I need to get dressed first before our dinner celebration,' his wife does not move but smiles at the golden object.
"He spins around and gently shoves her body away from the golden object, nodding with a stern face. They slowly approach the open archway while she continues to smile at the golden clothes rack. He frowns with annoyance at her silly behavior, 'All right! Go and get dressed! But do not come back and touch the golden object, until we talk about it at our dinner celebration.' He moves out into the empty hallway along with her.
"She spins around and faces her husband, looking up, sneering into his chest as she is shorter than her husband. She says. 'I am getting nicely dressed for our dinner celebration as I am going to get a lawyer and divorce you, of course," she giggles with confidence. 'I am sick of living poor and poorly. That thing of gold, in that room, will make me richer and richer, once I explain how you hit and beat on my body.'
"He laughs then smiles. 'I am not the one amusing or abusing your body, wife. It is the food items from the local grocery store that uses and abuses your own body. You need to diet and lose some body weight, but I still love you.'
"She waves both of her fat arms in the air. 'Wake up, man! That's a pure golden statue, like from the Roman times, which is worth millions or billions of dollars. That clothes rack is six feet high and two feet wide made of solid gold and glitters in the sunlight.'
"He chuckles again. 'True gold is dull in tone and the time is darkness of night. And my family came from the country of Italy original then they migrated to the county of England leaving after the Great Fire. Then my ancestral family came here to the USA, making a living. So, I'm technically a Roman, in my blood, too.' He waves his hand. 'Go and get dressed for our dinner celebration. Then we can talk about our golden statue and our great luck.' He nods with a smile.
"She back steps from her husband and passes his tallness, moving into the master bedroom, where their two pieces of luggage with their personal possessions of clothes stands. She disappears from his eyesight and slams the bedroom door shut.
"He laughs out loud at her defiant behavior but worries about the golden statue, which is worth billions of dollars. He slowly spins around and views the rear wall of glass through the open pocket door, smiling with beauty, slowly padding ahead and moves back into the mud room. He stops and stands at the rear wall of glass, reaching down, touching the door knob and opens the glass door. 
The weather is hot and humid, but he does not mind. He steps through the archway and pads over the yellow and pink-coated brick surface that matches the front sidewalk brick stones, whispering for his eardrums only. 'This place is so beautiful. I love this house.' The yard has been nicely manicured lawn for an easy footpath. He slowly moves around the yard and inspects the row of low-lying plants and the pods of colorful flowers, smiling down at the beauty, bumping into the wooden bench at the gigantic oak tree. He reaches out and touches the rough bark whispering for his eardrums only, "This place is so beautiful. I love this house and tree and back yard,' he sits down on top of the wooden bench and stares back into the rear wall, clearing seeing the gray wall and a few feet of the hallway through each pocket door. 'I plan to stay here and live for the rest of my days and nights. I don't know about the golden statue, but it is causing trouble between me and my wife. I guess it is true what they say, money does not make a person happier.' On the lower tree branch, a small ball of light appears and rolls over the limb. One of his two eyeballs catch a small dull light. He looks up and frowns at the ball of light. Then the small ball of light morphs into a ghostly feline cat, which is slender and long, slowly walking over the tree limb. He gasps in alarm, "What is that?' He continues to stare at the ghost-cat. The ghost-cat stops then cleans its butthole. He gasps in alarm. 'That is a ?"
"?ghost-cat?" the voice in baritone sounds out loud and as a figure stands behind the back spine on live and breathing human.
The human swiftly leaps off the wooden bench and spins around, seeing a ghostly figure of a male, gasping in alarm. He waves both of his arms in alarm, not friendship at the ghost, 'What?what are you?'
"'I am your father."
"'What? How is that possible?'
"'Do you not recognize my face?' The ghost slaps his chest and nods with a smile. 'I am your father. I left my?this house for you.'
"The human studies the ghost then gasps in shock. 'Yes, you do favor my father. Yes, my father would know that information, only.'
"'Son, I am dead. I am a ghost that lives here in this tree for the rest of my days. I am here to stay and to warn you. Do not touch the clothing rack! It is cursed.'
"'What? I saw that statue of gold. Why is it cursed?'
'This is why I am standing here in ghostly format and not in your human presence. That statue is deadly and dangerous and made of golden in the design of a man's old fashion clothes rack. Do not touch the gold for any reason!'
"The human nods with confusion, but heeds the warning, "'I will obey your order. But why? Why can I not touch the statue of gold?'
"The ghost nods with a stern face. 'A long time ago, that statue of gold lived in the city of Carthage.'
"The human gasps in shock. 'What city? Where is the city of Carthage? I do not recognize the city name.'
"The ghost informs, 'Carthage is an ancient and dead city from Ancient World History. One night, the Roman army attacked and burned the ancient city down into piles of ashes while someone knew the secret and found that golden statue. One of the roman generals stole it and carried the statue to the city of Rome hiding it and the its curse. The Roman Empire conquered and endured for decades and then was defeated. Once the Roman Empire was defeated, the same family clan moved from the declining city of Rome toward a new Roman territory in the city of London. Then, the city of London catch fire and burned down, causing the same family clan to die in the terrible fire as someone else knew of the statue of gold and left the country of England and traveled to the New World. In the New World, the new family owners plus the same statue of gold landed in America living in different cities until finally settling in the growing French village which was named Mobile, within the Alabama territory. Over the years, the family clan owners hid the statue of gold for hundreds of years, until each one died, without a new family heir. Then, I inherited the house from my father, who inherited from my grandfather and found the statue of gold.'
"The human frowns. 'So, the statue is really ancient and old and owned by our family. Why didn't you tell me? Why didn't you sell it? Why didn't I know all of this historical information? Our family struggled in poverty the entire time. Well, I did.'
"The ghost shakes his ghostly skull. 'Riches are not for the pure soul, son. Hard work is a sign of an honest man or woman, son. You were my rebel son and didn't wanna hear my words or work a job or go to college for a better life. Do not blame your failure on anyone but yourself, son! Beside the point of future discussion. That statue has a curse made of gold. A handful or a few finger digits knew of the curse of gold and tried to safety hid the statue of gold from the common person. If you touch with a finger pad any part of the golden minerals, then you are sucked into the golden statue. Then your live and breathing biological and chemical body becomes crushed and crunched into the gold minerals becoming part of the statue. Do you notice that the statue is over six feet in height? Your human body dies; but your human soul lives here on Planet Earth, without ascending up into the heavenly plain?
"'Are you really stuck here on the earth plain? Can I do something to help you, Dad?'
"'I do not know.'
"'How did you die? Your death was a mystery for me.'
"The ghost nods with a sad face. 'I was playing with the cat.'
"'We didn't own a cat.'
"'After you left my house and ventured into the world, which was many, many years ago, I adopted this stray cat that played outside around the tree in my yard. I was playing with the cat, chasing it around the room. I accidentally left the bedroom door then that wardrobe closet door open. The cat slid sideways and slammed into the golden statue. The statue consumed the fur, the bones, the blood, and the organs of the cat within a blink of the eyelid. The cat was gone without a trace and without a single cat hair. The cat is now here with me playing up there on top of the tree limb. The soul of the cat cannot ascend up into the heavenly plane either, but it does not mind.'
"The human frowns. 'Dad, I'm so sorry. I'll help here. I'll figure out how to get you outta of that tree as a ghost and into heaven as an angel. You are a good, honest, hard-working man, not a ghost. I don't know how, but I will try.'
"The ghost nods with a weak smile. 'That would be nice of you to try, son!'
"The human stomps both soles into the ground and nods with a smile. 'I will try and success. I will go and search the internet information. There must be something about a short statue of gold. If that gold grows upwards every time a living biological life form is sucked inside the golden minerals, then there must a reverse curse that will reverse your ghostly life into an angelic one. I need to go and tell my wife not to touch that golden statue. Now, that I now the secret. I love you, Dad! Bye, sir!' He slowly back steps from the live oak tree, his ghost-father, and the playing ghost-cat moving towards the rear wall of glass and stares at his father with love and worry while pondering his silly decision to disobey his father. His father had been a loving and caring only parent to his only child.
Inside the house, coming from a thick misty steam, inside the private lavatory, his wife has finished her bathing shower, drying off her soft skin, without wearing her wet towel. The towel lies on top of the wet floor. She exits the bathroom archway with a wicked grin and approaches the first wardrobe closet with an evil chuckle, staring at the statue of gold. She stops and stands a few inches from the dull-looking gold minerals that do not glitter underneath the bedroom ceiling lamp, slowly reaching out, laughing out loud, and touches the statue with the pad on her index finger and whispers for her eardrums only. "You and ?"
"Without a flash of light or a girly scream, her upright naked body disappears from the floor, the air waves, and the bedroom setting, leaving an empty room with four aqua colored wall and one piece of luggage on top of the wooden floor.
"In front of the closed bedroom door, her husband appears and gasps in alarm, slamming open the door, seeing four walls in aqua hue and the lonely single luggage piece on top of the wooden floor. He gasps in alarm and races into the bathroom setting, scanning the wet room while shouting out loud. 'Honey! Darling! Babe, are in here? She took a bath. I can feel the warm air and wet water on the floor,' he exits the bathroom and stands a few feet in the middle of the room, looking for his wife, seeing the statue of gold and gasps in alarm. The height of the golden statues has increased. 'O no!' He slowly moves ahead and studies the statue of gold and then stops beside the entrance wally. "Yes, the statue is taller. Yes, she had touched it. Yes, she is dead. Yes, I am so sorry.' He reaches over and grabs the door knob, closing the door, bowing his head in sadness. He spins around and exits the bedroom setting, whipping out his personal mobile telephone.
"Outside the house, in the back yard, at the tree, the ghostly father stands in front of the tree bark with hope that his son can find the reverse curse sending his soul up into the heavenly plan. Then a second ghostly figure appears and stands beside the he-ghost. The she-ghost frowns at the rear glass wall on the house, saying to the he-ghost, 'Why didn't you tell him about me? I am his biological mother.'
"The father ghost stares at the rear wall of the house without seeing his son, saying to his dead wife and mother of his only child, 'And why didn't you appear to him?'
"'I?'
"'?know that you cannot. You touched the golden statue, out of greed for riches. The ancient Statue and the Prime Creator know that shared mental information too. You birthed our son and then had to touch the statue of gold, after I had repeated warned you and read out loud the hand-written instructions from my father and my grandfather. I told you never touch the statue of gold. Our son cannot see or hear or feel you, because you committed a heavenly sin and will never appear in ghostly format to him, only me.'
"Then a third ghostly figure appears and stands beside the ghostly mother, sneering at the wall of the house. 'Do not annoy your wife, son! A human possesses the crime of sin. I, too, touched that damn golden statue with my hand, after your father's tart verbal warning,' she exhales with annoyance. "Now, here, I stand for the rest of my sunny days, but I cannot be seen by the human eyeballs. So, I stand in the night of darkness, which cannot be seen by the human eyeballs either, for the rest of eternity, until the planet blows up into fire and brimstone, ceasing to exist. Then my ghostly existence will cease.'
"The ghostly father continues to stare at the rear glass wall and exhales with sadness. "I am sorry for your curse, mother.'
"Then a fourth ghostly figure appears and stands beside the ghostly grandmother, blinking both of her ghostly eyelids open then shut, staring at the rear wall of glass. She points at the house then the ground, then the moon, spinning around a circle, pointing at the tree. "I?I know that house, this yard, and this tree. What is this? Why am I here? What is happening here, to me? Where am I at?'
"The three ghosts turn and stare at the new ghost. The ghostly grandmother asks. 'Who are you?'
"The four she-ghost slaps her chest and appears as a queen-sized female with short hair, 'I am the owner of the house."
"'O! She is his wife.' The ghost-mother frowns at the new she-ghost of the tree.
"'Yes, I am the wife. I own that house.' The fourth ghost sneers at the three ghosts.
"The ghost-father wears a sad face to the young girl, 'I am so sorry, young one."
"'Did you, by chance or by purpose, touch that golden statue?" The ghostly grandmother asks.
"The young ghost gasps in shock. "Yes! Yes! Yes! I touched the golden statue. I wanted to feel the gold. I wanted to measure the gold. I wanted to sell the gold for riches.'
"Another one!" The ghost-father wears a sad face and returns back staring at the rear wall on the house while looking for his son.
"The ghost-mother wears a sad face and stares at the young girl, 'I am so sorry, too, young one."
"The ghost-grandmother wears a sad face and stares at the young girl, 'I am so sorry, also, young one."
"The young ghost stomps both of her feet shaking her new ghostly image without pain, sneering at the three ghosts, 'What! What is this! Why are repeating that silly sentence to me? What is happening, to me?'
"The ghost-grandmother nods with a sad face to the young ghost. 'You dared to touch the statue of gold in greed of purpose, not by chance of an accident. Thus, your human body has died and has been consumed into the golden statue, without a trace of hair strands or a procession of a funeral burial. Now, your soul has been sent here to live outside or inside this tall oak tree. You are a ghost, not an angel. You will never leave this place. I am sorry, young one.'
"The young ghost dances and shouts out loud in angry, 'My husband, he will come and save me.'
"The ghost-father wears a sad face and continues to stare at the rear glass wall on the house, 'Your husband does not see a sinner, only a saint, here on the earth plain."
"The young ghost gasps in shock, 'What! What does that mean? I do not understand.'
"'Understand this, young one!' The ghost-mother says. 'I am his mother. I touched the statue of gold in vain. She is his grandmother and touched the statue of gold in van also. He is his father and slammed into the statue of gold, by accident. Thus, each one of our human biological bodies of tissue, organs, blood, and flesh was consumed or eaten or sucked down into that statue of gold and then each human died. Now, each soul lives here. So, go and toss a fit as you are a she-ghostly figure of the night and cannot leave ever here from the tree. So, I am so sorry, young one!'
"The young ghost stomps both of her feet shaking her new ghostly image, without pain, waving both of her ghostly arms in the air, dancing in a circle, screaming out loud in angry and sadness. 'No! No! No! I touched the statue. I didn't mean to touch the statue. Don't punish me! I 'm a good girl. Please! Please! Please! Someone, come here and save me from this terrible death.' She continues her fit while the other three ghosts spin around then moves ahead, disappearing back into the tree trunk, in silence.'" The storyteller smiled and scanned the table of employees. "I would like to announce here. In the present-day residential community of present day Fort Conde Village, in the modern day city of Mobile, within the US State of Alabama, numerous residents and a hired team of paranormal investigators have detected a ball of white tinted energy the size of a feline cat walking up and down the lowest tree branch on a 200-year old oak tree. Thus, really and truly, the spirt of a dead cat lives on and haunts an ancient tree. The end!" She laughed out loud. The other employees sounded with claps and laughter.
The entrance door opened and revealed an elder, nicely dressed female. The sounds of claps and cheers ceased. The female exhibited a queen-sized body frame, possessing a head of grayish-blonde hair, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of weathered dark skin, wearing a gray tinted business suit. She entered the room and nodded to the group of employees, moving to the front of the table, standing in front of the white board. "I am sorry for the delay. I was delayed." She chucked at her silly comment. "So, what have ya'll being doing to occupy your wasted time?" Every employee stood upright from the chair and started cheering and clapping with amusement. The female president continued to stand and scanned each nosily employee with puzzlement and confusion.

Chapter Three
The Outbreak

Plot summary:

An older woman has worked her entire life at the same jog and the same employer.

Her employer announces that the economy is bad and some of the employees are going to lose their job.

Present day and time


Wednesday, October 31st
Last day of the month

Cold air temperatures with cloudy skies and light rain
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama

06:57 am

Birmingham Bank location
Second floor level
Private office setting


The office room was square shaped and tiny measuring ten feet high by ten feet wide by ten feet deep, but she didn't mind. The space held a fake wooden office desk with one side presenting two large built-in rolling storage filing cabinets, but she didn't mind. The other side of the desk exhibited a long fake wooden table surface with a black tinted computer desktop keyboard and two individual computer screens for all of her bank work, but she didn't mind.
The second floor level business office spaces had been refurnished with new furniture pieces, new walking carpet, and newly painted walls in buttercream yellow, which was actually a tasty favor on any birthday cake. But she didn't mind the new cushy new office desk chair that severely clashed with the rose tinted carpet and each buttercream yellow walls.
Every ten years, the bank executives decided to renovate each floor making each employee feel happy and satisfied, but she didn't mind as she had been present for four different renovation projects here at the same bank building. Actually, each employee would feel more satisfied with a bigger pay raise or a bigger money bonus check during the holiday season.
Jasper Leigh Zeeburg was not a fashion queen and wore a pair of black stripped pants, a silver and white stripped tee shirt underneath a long gray tinted jacket, and a pair of black tinted pumps. She was not a shopper of clothing either. Most of her clothes were used and abused clothing from three older sisters, but Jasper didn't mind. She saved all of her nickels, dimes, and pennies and used the extra monies purchasing cute clothes for her two grandbabies, not her person.
She measured average height and slightly above average weight as an older woman of 59 years old, cascading long silver tinted hair strands. She didn't want to spend the money or the time or the pain of adding fake color onto her glittering silver locks. She easily tanned in the summertime days and wear a slight olive complexion that contrasted with her silver hair strands and was blessed with a pair of matching silver tinted irises that she had inherited from her biological father.
DNA and all of the numerous biological genes are a funny pair of variables, within each human or alien or angel body. Modern scientists are still trying to unlock the secret of the DNA strands, but Jasper feels that the Prime Creator will continue to tease and taunt the group of stubborn humans.
The rest of Jasper's family members appeared dull and bland with a head of medium brown tinted hair strands, a pair of medium brown tinted eyeballs, and a tone of pale tinted skin.
Jasper slowly padded through the open office door, which had never been closed throughout her forty years of work here at Birmingham Bank, then scooted around her office desk, stopping behind the desk surface, gently placing down the hot cup of coffee on top of the surface. She leaned down and opened the side drawer, dropping down her non-designer, cloth purse that held her car fob and her driver's license, without cash monies, pulling out her personal mobile telephone from the roomy interior compartment. She stood upright and placed the mobile telephone on the opposite side of the cup of hot coffee for obvious reasons. She worked at a bank company and could retrieve money at any time, if her personal bank account had any money funds for the taking that particular day. She did not sit down in the new mint green colored padded office chair but reached down, pressing the tiny black tinted button with the up arrow symbol. Her office desk surface slowly lifted up in the air then halted at 31 inches from the base of the table, in front of her two breasts. She did mind and enjoyed the newest innovation in office furniture pieces. She started her busy day by typing on the keyboard, reading through all of her emails, and slowly sipping on the heated coffee inside the mug.
She never tried a sip of roasted coffee beans until the college scene, when she needed to stay away studying during the early morning hours for her morning academic test and the cup of coffee worked as she passed each academic course with the letter grade of C.

Hey! It's passing.

Then her new passion stuck and didn't leave, like an annoying rash.
Jasper worked through all of useful and useless emails and then started repairing a broken computer program as she was employed as a computer programmer at Birmingham Bank. That was her completed degree in college which led to a great career in the computer science field. She continued to stand and worked on the program inside her tiny office hearing some of the faint conversations outside her office door.
Her floor level was located two floors below the massive bank lobby in dull colors of gold and white, where all of the bank tellers worked along with the branch manager. Jasper didn't engage or encounter any of the bank customers, unless she was one during her break time while pulling out a wad of hard cold cash monies for some purchases.
Her personal mobile telephone sounded with a regular telephone ring vibrating off the fake wooden surface, producing a nasty musical sound. She reached over and grabbed the phone, seeing the new text message, exhaling with annoyance that came from her only child.
Jasper Zeeburg had been labeled a divorced woman for 36 years and nine months plus some odd hours. She had married her true love right after their college graduation the next day on Saturday morning to a swell guy. Then she became pregnant by her wedded husband on the same night of their honeymoon and was divorced three months later, after the announcement of a growing fetus inside her stomach from the same wedded husband. The wedded husband became the former husband and the current father of their only child. Thus, Jasper was a single mother during the birth of her only child and received child support monies of seven hundred dollars each month, until the child was eighteen years old.
Seven hundred dollars times 216 months equals 151,200 dollars, US, that grow into 200,000 dollars, US. However, the bank account was in Jasper and her daughter's name that accumulated interest income each year, in which, Jasper had to pay on her Federal Income tax form to the US Federal Government. But the money had been saved for her only child which had been spent on clothes, electronic toys, college courses, a used car, and finally a down payment on a new house for her married daughter and her new son-in-law. The rest of the bank account was transferred to her daughter like an ancient money dower to the brave man for marrying the wild and crazy girl.
Jasper didn't mind as she loved her daughter and also went to work for her paying job, right after her college graduation.
Her two parents had been a big help keeping her daughter during the nighttime, when Jasper had worked at night for her money pay at the local bank company. When her three year old biological daughter entered the day care facility, Jasper switched from nights to daylight hours, working her day job while her daughter learning in a school-like environment. The single working mother job had been long and hard but finally paid off, when her daughter graduated from college with a computer degree also.
Then her daughter married her high school and college sweetheart the next day on Saturday morning, like her mother, and produced a child nine months later. However, her daughter did not work and elected to become a housewife and mother while her husband and the father of her two children went to work making a living for his family unit, the American dream.
The American dream was working nicely for her housewife daughter, not her mother Jasper.
Jasper had worked for 43 years since the age of sixteen years old, spending every penny of her paycheck on her college courses, her baby daughter, her house, her automobile, her food, her household expenses and sometimes on her person. At the age of 59 years old, she possessed a single bank account of 7,777 dollars, that did not rise or decrease, which was a heavenly blessing. So, her monthly paycheck had covered all of her monthly expenses, since her first work day, at the age of 16 years old and living as a single working mother with one child in her adulthood.
But now, the bright light at the end of tunnel was shiny hot and heated on her wrinkled face.
She had paid all of her outstanding debt and fixed her aging house. Thus, each new work paycheck would sit inside her private bank account and grow like a tree sapling, until her official retirement day from her current working job. Jasper was an older worker descending down the corporate ladder into retirement at the age of 67 years old, which was eight short years from present day.
Her daughter promised to take care of her old gray-headed, toothless, wrinkled, absent-minded biological mother. However, her daughter possessed two young babies with one money income from her loving husband. Her daughter did not ask but hinted for cash money purchasing a new dress for her infant daughter or her person or a new toy for her toddler son. Money did not grow on trees as the ancient axion told. So, mother slipped a wad of small cash money to her daughter after each visit with her two grandbabies.
Her daughter never called to speak or talk or yell or cry on her mobile telephone, only typed out a new text message for her mother's assistance with her two grandchildren. Jasper adorned her two grandchildren, who were little babies, eighteen years apart, but she also craved quiet times at her home, without her two grandchildren.

Today, at 07:08 am, in the morning, on the last day of the month of October, her daughter had typed out a new text about the Halloween party event at her house, tonight. Jasper never offended her daughter or refused to babysit her two grandchildren.
Thus, Jasper continued to stand in front of the computer screen and exhaled with annoyance, typing out a response to the new text message: Yes, I remember. Yes, I am coming over after work. Love, ma! 
She placed the telephone on the opposite side of the cup of hot coffee, exhaling with more annoyance of a busy evening. She desired a quiet evening, without the crying or yelling two tiny grandchildren. But that was not going to happen tonight. This night was the pagan celebration of Halloween or Old Hollow's Eve or each child and adult in scary cosmetic makeup and a scary costume collecting tons of sweet, sugary candy, which was not good for the teeth on an adult or a child.
Jasper would leave work a little earlier and go home, dressing in her assigned silly Halloween costume, a brown and white tinted fake upright and walking reindeer. Her daughter had selected a Mr. and Mrs. Santa Clause theme for the annual Halloween event.
Behind the tall desk platform, Jasper reached over and grabbed the coffee, slurping down the heated contents while staring at the broken computer program. She found her working job ease and fun, when she compared her work to two crying and crawling human babies. She erased the evening appointment from her active mind and focused on her computer work for the rest of the working day.



Two hours later?.


City of Montgomery within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight

  (90 miles south from Birmingham)

Alabama State Capital building setting
Conference room location
09:09 am


In the largest conference room, within the Alabama State Capital building, in the capital city of Montgomery, the structure was built on a hill top over 150 years ago, after burning down in the year 1851. After re-building the burnt structure, in the same geographical spot, the new Greek Revival style building looked down and guarded the citizens of Alabama and all of the land property of Montgomery from harm.
The square shaped conference room in musty dark wooden panels contained a long and wide circular dark wooden conference table with a blue and yellow delicate bone china tea set in the middle of the wood. Twenty six chairs surrounded the conference room table which was filled with representatives from the Alabama government offices and a female speaker from the CDC or Centers for Disease Control.
The CDC speaker wore a gray tinted business suit underneath a white tinted laboratory coat that displayed her three initials on the left side pocket and possesses a head of cropped blonde hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin. She continued her lecture to the state employees of Alabama then turned with a stern face viewing the governor of Alabama, who was the second female governor of the state. "Madam Governor, the US Federal Government had mandated several years ago the implementation of the electronic medical records in every hospital, every medical center, every physician's office, every school with a First Aid room, which has been accomplished. The new US Federal Government mandate, which will become a challenge for you and all of your medical agencies, is collecting one single vial of blood from every resident here in the State of Alabama." The employees around the table gasped in shock while covering a cupped hand over an open mouth as it was impolite to show your teeth during a crisis. The CDC speaker nodded with a stern face to the governor. "I recognize this difficult state-wide task and I do not offer any additional resources as a paid employee from the USA Federal Government. However, you are still responsible for collecting one vial of blood from each legal or illegal resident here in the state of Alabama. You will be provided with blood kits and shipment boxes for handling the collected blood proteins from each resident of Alabama. Then each blood kit with the blood proteins will become properly labeled and sent back to Washington D.C. office at the Human and Health Department. The President of the United States of America has signed the paper into law. Each resident of the USA whether legal or illegal will provide one vital of blood proteins."
The female state employee wore a white tinted laboratory coat, a head of long straight black colored hair, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of brown skin. She was dressed for the state employee Halloween party wearing a unicorn head band in white and pink hue over her hair roots and a pink and white tinted one-piece jumpsuit with a picture of a mint green tinted unicorn body on the front. She waved her arm in the air and stared at the CDC representation. "Hello! I am a pediatric medical physician," she dropped her arm and slapped her chest, nodding to the speaker, feeling worry. "You cannot take one vial of blood from a tiny baby. That medical procedure could harm the baby."
The CDC speaker nodded with a stern face. "The government knows that shared information also. Thus, every baby that visits the emergency room hospital floor or a pediatric medical physician's office will provide a smaller vial of blood proteins based on weight within the US Federal Government guidelines, which is usually part of their clinical treatment, when the child is sick with a virus or a disorder."
The second medical physician wore a white tinted laboratory coat and presented a head of brown hair, a face of hair, and a pair of aqua colored eyeballs, wearing a red, white and blue hero one-piece jumpsuit underneath his laboratory coat with a blue tinted cape dangling from his wide collar bones for the afternoon Halloween party also. He frowned at the CDC speaker. "I agree with your lecture notes. But I have one question. Why is the USA Federal Government collecting and storing a vial of blood proteins from each USA legal or illegal citizen? What about the acts of privacy and private information between the medical physician and the medical patient? This new action would destroy or discredit the medical professionals."
The CDC speaker nodded to the new physician. "Your concerns are both noted and addressed. This is a USA Federal Government law, which does not impact an of the privacy acts from past years. Right now, there are numerous nasty body germs and viruses and bacterium invading numerous human bodies without ceasing or killing the sick patient. All of the newest collected blood proteins from every USA citizen will be placed inside a new USA biorepository facility which will be housed in a secret geographical location that is only known to the President of the United States and the head of the CDC Federal Government agency. A biorepository is a physical placed that houses all types of biological materials that collects, processes, stores, and distributes biospecimens for future scientific investigation. A biorepository contains both human and animal specimens only for research purposes. Each collected sample of blood proteins will represent the biospecimen of each USA citizen in their natural state.
"As each vial of blood proteins coming from each captured citizen arrives at the new biorepository facility, a new team of medical research scientists will begin dissecting and splicing out the DNA component from each blood sample from every USA citizen and categorize the citizen into medical groups, such like, epilepsy, cerebrovascular disease, motor neuron disease, Tourette syndrome, autism spectrum disorders, Alzheimer's Disease, lung, liver and heart illnesses, Parkinsonism, and other genetic disorders and disease.
"Once a city or a state or a geographical region is invaded with a mysterious type of germs or viruses or bacterium, the medical research scientists can isolate each sick patient and then compare all infected chromosomal abnormalities, disease state, and even separate out the healthy patients from the invading germs."
The second medical physician with the superhero custom frowned again at the CDC speaker. "That all sounds like a fairy fart to me. If the USA Federal Government starts collecting a vial of blood proteins from each person that residents here within the fifty USA States plus all the USA territories, then the USA Federal government can easily identify and remove any and all sick patients from the government computer system, without providing health care to the sickest and weakest people throughout the land."
"No. No. No." The CDC speaker shook both her hands and her cropped bone skull at the medical physician, dropping her hands, slapping the true wooden table surface, "The USA Federal Government is working to aid and help all sick persons. The new USA biorepository database will store all of the medical issues and share that information with all of the hospitals, medical centers, local health departments, and every physician office throughout the land slowing down the virus and providing clinical deaths, sharing new medical antigenic peptides and antibody medications that will save each and every human life form."
The governor laughed out loud and wore an ankle-length pale blue tinted princess dress and a fake crown of blue rhinestones over her gray tinted hair roots, displaying a face of wrinkles in pale hue and a pair of tired brown tinted eyeballs. "If you start to save each and every human life form, then I will need to plan for more city streets and new houses here in the great State of Alabama." She laughed with the rest of the group.
The CDC speaker nodded with a smile. "Now, I have accomplished my task here. The next step, you are to inform all of the medical hospital centers, urgent care centers, and every physician office, mental health office, and psychiatrist office to collect a vial of blood proteins from each sick patient. Also, for each shipment that arrives intact, without spillage or damage, the USA Federal Government will send a money check for one hundred dollars to each hospital finance office or medical physician, where the blood was collected. The USA Federal Government understands that time is money and money is time," she chuckled with the group of state employees.
The same superhero medical physician frowned at the speaker. "What about collecting a vial of blood proteins from the healthy people?"
The CDC speaker laughed and shook her cropped hair style. "There is not such thing as a healthy person. Every person become sick, at least one in their lifetime, with a nasty virus or a set of nasty germs, that requires a physician's review or a shot of penicillium. Thus, the wintertime season is approaching fast and furious towards the USA lands. Every person will catch the common cold with a sore throat or the Flu virus. Then, each sick patient will go and visit the emergency room in the local hospital or their personal medical physician or go to the local health department for clinical treatment. During that sick visit, each registered nurse or medical physician or laboratory collector will collect a vial of blood proteins from the sick patient, slap it inside a container of dry ice and then ship the tiny box with paid postage to the new USA biorepository facility for storage and future use."
One of the state employees wore a long, white-tinted bed linen sheet over her entire body with two individual eye socket holes that displayed her pair of brown eyeballs only. Of course, every state employee knew the employee but the CDC speaker. She frowned behind the home-made original ghost costume at the CDC speaker, "But that sample of blood proteins will be contaminated with that virus or set of germs."
The CDC speaker frowned. "No. No. No. Blood proteins do not contain cold germs or viruses, only HIV or hepatitis C or hemophilia germs, if you please. Once the vial of blood proteins arrives at the facility, the team of research scientists will determine that also and isolate each subject for future research purposes. Well, I have finished my lecture. Do you have any additional questions?" The members were silent. She nodded with a smile and slowly stood upright from the padded conference chair. "You are to start implementing the collection of blood proteins immediately. The USA Federal Government understands that this task will take some time. So, you have throughout the wintertime months including present day until springtime, collecting blood samples from each resident of Alabama. I wish you good luck. If you have questions, not needing help, please contact me. I will leave my business information for you," she scooted from the chair and spun around, leaving the conference room. One of the governor's aids stood upright from the rear wall and dashed ahead, escorting the visitor from the State Capital building back to her transportation.
Inside the room, the fairy princess governor frowned with her mental thoughts then nodded with a stern face to each representative, who was dressed up for the afternoon Halloween party coming from each medical community throughout the state. "This is a big task coming from the big, bad USA Federal Government. However, we can complete the big task by the springtime deadline, with ease. Now, I do not want to alarm all of the legal and illegal citizens of Alabama with this perturbing news pod. Even though, the national news media will start to do that for me. So, I will compose an official State of Alabama letter to each medical center, each hospital, each physician's office and explain the new USA Federal Government law that also provides money. We all know this too. Money makes the world goes around and around?"
"Sawyer said that," a state employee wore a military solider green and tan tinted costume and shouted out loud with a smile.
"No! Gage said that," a second state employee wore a white tinted Roman senator costume with a silly golden wreath on his dark hair and chuckled out loud.
A third state employee displayed a black tinted long dress and a pointy witch's hat over her blonde tinted hair roots. Her witch's broom stood behind the chair. She hollered out loud and slapped his chest, "Berrington said that."
"No!" A fourth state employee dressed like a medical physician with a laboratory coat and a blue tinted medical stereoscopy around his naked throat and as he was a true medical physician. He laughed out aloud. "All of ya'll are wrong. Frank Mangrove says that all the time. He is the accountant for the Quartet."

Tom Sawyer, Stu Gage, Frank Mangrove, and Austin Berrington are four non-related brothers that star in The Quartet novels by author Ela Barlow, where the four billionaires suddenly become a set of red, white, and blue crime fighters, without the blue tinted silk cape, except for Tom. He insists upon wearing one, all the time, until Berrington punches the nose on Sawyer, like usual.

Back inside the conference room, the fairy princess governor cleared her throat and frowned at the row of misbehaving state employees. "Then I will assign a set of State of Alabama medical representatives, who will hand delivery my governor's letter and boxes of blood kits to each medical facility for collecting one vial of blood proteins on each sick patient that is send back to the USA Federal Government. What else is required to complete this task?" the members remained silence. The governor nodded with a smile. "Then this meeting is adjoined until the boxes of blood kits arrive at the front door step. Everyone, get back to work!"

At 09:58 am, the governor slowly stood upright from the chair and scooted sideways, spinning around from the table, slowly limping in her pale blue low-heels over the hard floor back to her elected job.




Seven hours later?.

Home of Jasper's daughter
Cold temperatures and parted clouds of dull sunlight
04:06 pm


Jasper arrived at her daughter's two-story grand Greek Revival style house, which was several miles from the bank building, parking inside the open fourth garage space as her daughter was too embarrassed with her mother's tiny sub-compact pale blue automobile, which was the exact same car that her daughter had used during her college days. Jasper's old and ancient automobile finally exhausted its last gasoline fume two years ago, three days after her daughter's fabulous and expensive wedding ceremony, which had been financed and paid by Jasper, not her biological father, who didn't bother to show up for any fun or sad event within his daughter's life. So, Jasper inherited the used and abuse, working pale blue non-damaged automobile, without spending her earned monies for a new car and a new monthly payment within her monthly home expenses.
She parked the old car and killed the engine, exhaling with annoyance, inhaling a gulp of free energy before facing her daughter and her two young grandbabies. She opened the door and slid off the seat, straightening the sagging clothes over her tall body frame, displaying a pair of brown tinted tights with two rows of fake fur, a pair of brown tinted athletic shoes over her tired feet for walking around the neighborhood of 43 houses for tons of sweet, sugary candy pieces. Her upper body was covered in an extra-large, brown tinted, long-sleeved sweater with a chest of fake white tinted short fur on the front that represented the belly of the beast. Her long hair strands were pulled back into a tight bun behind the nape of her neck out of the way and as the top of her hair roots wear a white tinted hairband with two sets of golden colored, fake male deer buck anglers, since a true female doe did not wear a pair of anglers. A pair of white gloves covered both of her naked hands, but Jasper did not mind.
The air temperatures were very cold in the 40s in the late afternoon descending down into the high 30s by ten o'clock tonight. Jasper appreciated the winter clothing, even if she appeared a little funny-looking as she adored her two grandbabies and wanted to experience the Granny thing with grandmotherly love.
Jasper slammed the door without locking her car, spinning around to face the side wall that led into the mud room, where a pair of clean or dirty shoes stood in a row with the other clean or dirty pairs of shoes, every day and night. She slowly limped towards the closed garage door, exhaling with annoyance. She opened the garage door and stood in the archway, looking down the long corridor, hearing the squeaking tones coming from each grandbaby.
Her daughter was singing trying to calm her two children, which was not working.
Jasper slowly padded into the house and moved down the long corridor, hearing the screaming children, turning the wall corner and spotted her daughter.
Her daughter stood in the middle of the living room floor wearing a fake wig of white hair with a red tinted bonnet, a face of heavy makeup that looked nice on her young 24 year old female, a diamond choker around her naked throat, a pair of half-gloves in red hue over each naked hand, a puffy plantation dress in white satin over three itchy crinolines and a red tinted vest over her big fake breasts. She hugged the youngest baby of four months into her bosom and smiled down at the little girl. The little girl was dressed as a tiny elf with a green tinted outfit over a long tinted shirt, a brown tinted cap with a headband of fake red tinted elf ear points over each one of his true eardrums, a pair of tiny brown tinted mittens over each hand, and a pair of matching brown tinted booties on each naked foot. Her older brother wore the same elf outfit and dashed around the edge of the living room furniture setting like a crazy person, singing out loud, laughing at the he-ghosts or the dust bunnies or something else.
Her daughter did not bother to look up or smile at her mother, only shouting over the child's laughter. "Finally! I expected you here at my house, hours ago, Mother. Come over here and grab the kids! I gotta finish decorating the foyer room for the Halloween event."
Jasper moved ahead with a smile and accepted the baby girl in her arms, smiling down at the young child, slowly swaying back and forth on top of the floor. The little girl was four months old and liked to blow out bubbles from her parted lip through her sweet smile when she was happy.
Her daughter spun around from her mother and tripped on the hemline of the puffy gown, cursing out loud, slowly padding towards the grand foyer room. The foyer room was enclosed with tall walls that touched a twenty-foot high ceiling planks. One wall displayed a long reflection mirror that glistened during the morning sunlight as the dust bunnies danced in the air. The opposite side wall held a cool fake window frame of crosses that held one individual glass pane that displayed a family picture on top of a long table. The table surface held an assortment of decorations that reflected the current holiday month. This was the holiday month of Halloween. The table surface displayed short and tall candles, not lighted, of course and cozy cute array of short and tall softly clothed black, sliver and orange fake pumpkin shapes and other scary non-breakable decorations.
Her daughter reached the table and fiddled with the large bags of candy pouring down into the large empty pails for the Halloween treaters. "I gotta hurry. These little kids will arrive here at the house, any moment, now. The parents of the younger child start their Trick or Treat activity earlier and earlier each year due to the cold weather or sinking sunrays. So, we need to get moving with our two little Trick or Treaters, also. Are you ready, Mother?"
Jasper stopped rocking the baby and touched the forehead on the child, frowning with worry. "What is wrong with the baby?"
Her daughter exhaled with annoyance and continued to prepare the pails of candy, "What is not wrong with the two babies? Something is always wrong with one baby and then the other baby or both of them, at the same time. I'm exhausted and need a break from the baby life. But you're here now and you can make it all better, isn't that right, Mom?" She spun around and moved ahead towards her private master bedroom. "My hubby is pulling into the garage space. Once he changes his work clothes into his Mr. Clause Halloween costume, we will leave the house and march around the neighborhood, gathering tons of candy for my two children, for the rest of the night."
Jasper gasped in shock and examined the baby. "I think the baby has a fever. Have you given the child some fever medication?"
"No!" She spun around and moved ahead towards her private master bedroom. "My hubby is pulling into the garage space. Once he changes his work clothes into his Mr. Clause Halloween costume, we will leave the house and march around the neighborhood, gathering tons of candy for my two children, for the rest of the night."
Jasper continued to worry for the baby and touched her skin, feeling the heat. "Sweetheart, I think you should take the two babies into the pediatrician's office tomorrow morning for a medical checkout. The baby's skin is heated and pink tinted. She has a slight fever."
"Okay!" Her daughter shouted out loud and slammed the master bedroom door, preparing for the Halloween activity.
Jasper exhaled with more annoyance and continued to study the baby, spinning around, moving into the kitchen space. The ground floor plan held an open floor space where the living room and kitchen space was one setting for ease of travel and watching the children play on the floor. She stopped in front of the kitchen cabinet that held an assortment of purchased medications, opening the cabinet door, finding the fever medication. She provided the purchased medication to both babies and padded back into the living room space, where the big plasma television screen displayed a colorful kiddie cartoon for the oldest child, who was too sick to view the television program.
Jasper placed the youngest baby on top of the floral sofa with green leaves and rose colored flowers, checking the forehead skin on the baby. The other baby slowly followed the back spine on Jasper and stopped, resting down on top of the area rug of pink, yellow, and rose colored squares, curling into a ball, after sucking down the fever medication. She was not worried about a fever on each child. A fever was a good sign that the infection was departing the child's biological system, but the child was still happy and blowing bubbles without pain, only a slight warmth of a developing fever. Jasper sat down with the baby and reached out, touching each body part with worry. The older male child continued to dash around the living room furniture at the age of 22 months old. Jasper called the older child to her side and provided a tiny spoonful of fever medication inside his open mouth of laughter. Then the child started dashing back around the living room setting singing and laughing out loud at the she-ghosts.
Their father arrived and nodded to Jasper, in silence with a smile, slipping into the bedroom, changing his clothes for the upcoming Halloween event.

At 04:53 pm, the house doorbell chimed with a low musical dong. Jasper placed the child down on the sofa and stood upright from the cushions, padding around to the closed front door, where the doorbell continued to chime in a musical dong from the group of rude children. She stopped and opened the door, handing out handful of candy pieces.
The little witch in solid black dress and a pointy hat continued to stand in front of Jasper and held her candy bag open, desiring more candy. Jasper exhaled at the rude manners of the elementary student, where her two parents stood on top of the common sidewalk playing on their individual personal mobile telephone without watching their ill-mannered daughter. Jasper placed another handful of candy down into the open candy bag without a sour frown. The little witch did not say thank you to the older adult but spun around, racing over the manicured lawn towards the next house, collecting more candy pieces. Her parents slowly padded over the hard cold concrete sideway without seeing their daughter and continued to play on their personal mobile telephone.
Jasper stood in the open archway of the house and watched more children run through each manicured lawn like a wild animal and as each parent couple or parent played on their personal mobile telephone. She exhaled with annoyance and whispered for her eardrums only, "What is wrong with the world of humans? Something that I cannot explain. Humans must to learn respect and honor each other and other life forms. Else, humans will not continue to exist with Mother Nature, all of her wildlife animals, and the rest of forestlands and ocean waters." She continued to pass out a handful of candy pieces to the rows of children with a faked smile.
Her daughter appeared and stood beside her mother inside the wide archway, reaching over, grabbing the pail of candy, gently dropping the two pails on top of front porch. She stood upright and smiled. "Now, it is our turn to show off our children and collect candy pieces. Mother, go and grab the baby. My hubby is escorting the older child through the neighborhood. I will leave the two pails of candy on the front porch for the visiting Trick or Treaters, that will visit our house, until the candy pieces are gone." She moved ahead and stomped down the brick-coated steps without tripping over her elegant puffy dress, leading the family unit around her neighborhood.
Jasper exhaled with annoyance at the bossy attitude coming from her biological child, back stepping from the open archway, spinning around and dashed back, grabbing the youngest baby.  The father held the oldest child by the hand and exited the house. Jasper followed the back spine on the father and the older child while worrying about the feverish baby, visiting each house for the rest of the cold evening.

At 10:10 pm, at night, in the cold weather and a dark sky, without moonlight, Jasper returned back to her house and ripped out the silly reindeer Halloween costume, sliding down into her cold bed sheets, without bathing her dirty body or brushing her dirty teeth. She was too cold, too exhausted, and too annoyed from the Halloween event. She closed her two eyelashes and descended into a deep slumber.



Thursday, November 1st
The first day of the new month

Cold air temperatures with parted clouds of sunlight
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama

06:56 am

Birmingham Bank location
Second floor level
Private office setting


Jasper returned back to her working job on a new work day and parked her subcompact automobile inside the designated space on the second floor of the parking garage, slowly padding from the car, arriving inside her tiny but private business office, after visiting the small kitchette room for a cup of hot coffee, her only human addiction, at her advanced age. She placed the hot cup of coffee on top of the surface and slid open the side drawer, dropping her down purse, resting her personal mobile telephone on top of the desk. She continued to stand and reached down, pressing the tiny black tinted button with the up arrow symbol. Her office desk surface slowly lifted up in the air then halted at 31 inches from the base of the table, in front of her two breasts. 
Then she sneezed out loud feeling a tiny set of clear mucus running down one hole nose, reaching over, grabbing a single nose tissue paper, wiping off the wet skin and tossed the used tissue paper down into the trash can. She looked up with a smile and started humming a softy musical song, starting her busy day by typing on the keyboard, reading through all of her emails, and slowly sipping on the heated coffee inside the mug and started her work day at seven o'clock while hearing the heavy footfalls coming from her other co-workers.
Her personal mobile telephone sounded with a regular telephone ring vibrating off the fake wooden surface, producing a nasty musical sound. She reached over and grabbed the phone, seeing the new text message, exhaling with annoyance that came from her only child.

Today, at 07:10 am, in the morning, on the first day of the new month of November, her daughter had typed out a new text asking for assistance with the children tonight Jasper never offended her daughter or refused to babysit her two grandchildren.
Thus, Jasper continued to stand in front of the computer screen and exhaled with annoyance, typing out a response to the new text message: Yes, I will come over to your house after work. Love, ma! 
She placed the telephone on the opposite side of the cup of hot coffee, exhaling with more annoyance of a busy evening. She desired a quiet evening, without the crying or yelling two tiny grandchildren. But that was not going to happen tonight. 
Jasper reached over and grabbed the coffee, slurping down the heated contents while staring at the broken computer program. She found her working job ease and fun, when she compared her work to two crying and crawling human babies. She erased the evening appointment from her active mind and focused on her computer work for the rest of the working day.

One hour later, at 08:08 am, her supervisor appeared and stood inside the open archway, wearing a peach colored dress coat with a lovely strand of green tinted gemstones, displaying a crop of short brown tinted hair strands, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of glowing white skin. She cleared her throat and cuddled her personal mobile telephone into her chest, staring at the office desk, barely seeing the silver tinted hair roots on her employee. "Jasper, good morning! There is a mandatory meeting at eight-fifteen in the extra-large conference room. I will see you there. Thank you," she back stepped from the open archway and spun around, moving down to the next tiny private office with buttercream walls, stopping inside the open archway, repeating the new announcement.
At the office desk, Jasper sneezed out loud and reached out, grabbing a single sheet of noses tissue paper, wiping off the clear snot from one nose hole an dropped down into the trash can. She didn't have time to greet her supervisor or respond to the early morning announcement, darting her two eyeballs at the computer time clock and gasped in shock. The time was 08:09 am. The impromptu meeting started in six more minutes. She quickly saved the work on the new computer program closing down the application until she returned back to her office, reaching out, grabbing a single sheet of nose tissue paper again. She sneezed out loud and wiped the clear nose snot from her wet face, dropping the used object down into the trash can. She reached out and grabbed an ink pen and a small pad of paper for the impromptu meeting, pressing the button and lowered the office desk top back down onto the table.
Jasper back stepped from her office desk and sneezed out loud, feeling the wet nose snot on her face, reaching out, grabbing two sheets of nose tissue paper and wiped off the disgusting snot and dropped the papers on the floor. She scooted from the office desk and moved ahead, skidding to a halt, sneezing out loud and exhaled with annoyance. She had captured some of the nasty cold germs from her two precious grandbabies. She back stepped beside the desk top and reached down, picking out a wad of rough-feeling nose tissue papers, wading them into her palm and then exited her office.

At 08:11 am, Jasper stopped a few feet from the open archway on the extra-large conference room and sneezed, wiping off her wet face, slowly moving into the room and sat down against the side wall in the middle chair. The room was filled with employees for the impromptu meeting around the table and on each side of the wall, except the front wall, where a white board stood empty without printed information. Each employee softly spoke with their neighborhood discussing current events or family affairs.
The director of the IT division entered the room and as the workers ceased their mumblings. He stopped and stood in front of the conference table behind the white tinted board, straightening his blue tinted sports jacket without a necktie, wearing a pair of tan colored trousers and a pair of tan colored loafers, nodding with a smile to each worker. He displayed a head of red tinted shoulder length hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin and was 37 years old in age.
Jasper wiggled in her chair with annoyance the impromptu meeting and stared in silence at the director, sneezing out loud, wiping off her wet face with the tissue paper. This was a weird event having the division director of the IT department sharing a conference room with all of the IT department employees.
The director nodded with a smile to each IT employee. "Morning, ya'll! This meeting will be short and sweet as someone said, a long time ago, who is probably dead and gone from Planet earth. I have great news. Each bank employee will receive a holiday money bonus in your paycheck today. This is a bank company. So, every good employee knows that you are paid on the first of each month, whether or weather comes hail or snow or rain or sleet or flood or another Mother Nature occurrence. So, go and check your bank account and see your money bonus smiling back at your face. And you deserve it working here at the greatest company in the world! Have a great day and get back to work." He clapped with delight and nodded with a smile.
Some of the employees clapped with delight and stood upright from the chair, moving back to their office. The employees whipped out their personal mobile telephone, clicking on the type keyboard, checking on their money bonus, without leaving the conference room and going back to work.

At 08:18 am, Jasper scooted off the chair and turned to face the entrance wall, sneezing out loud, wiping off her wet face. She slowly exited the crowded conference room moving with the other employees down the busy hallway returning back to her office. She picked up the receiver on her business telephone and called her electronic bank account, checking her new bonus check and smiled at the new amount of monies. Jasper dropped the phone down onto the cradle and went back to work wearing a happy smile, humming a familiar rock and roll song while repairing the broken computer program for the rest of the working day.



Eight hours later?


Home of Jasper's daughter
Cold temperatures and parted clouds of dull sunlight
04:17 pm


Jasper arrived at her daughter's house for a second evening and parked inside the designated fourth garage space, sneezing out loud and wiped off her wet face with the clean tissue paper. She inhaled but couldn't breathe in a set of fresh air molecules through her stuffy nose holes then parted her lips, breathing through her open mouth. She opened the car door and slid off the seat, limping towards the closed garage door, exhaling out a set of nasty cold germs. She opened the garage door and stood in the archway, looking down the long corridor, hearing the squeaking sound from each baby.
Her daughter was singing trying to calm her two children, which was not working.
Jasper slowly padded into the house and moved down the long corridor, hearing the screaming children, turning the wall corner and spotted her daughter. Her daughter sat on the floor and held the youngest baby in one arm and cuddled the older baby on her rib cage, looking up with a sour frown, speaking out loud. "Finally! I expected you here at my house, hours ago. Come over here and grab the kids. Hubby and I are going to the church's Autumn Festival, tonight. There will be delicious food trays and fun activities for the adults, not the children. The children had their fun last week during the Halloween party. You know that too. You were here and dressed as a dinosaur?"
"?reindeer, dear!" Jasper laughed and then sneezed out loud, wiping her wet face with a clean nose tissue paper.
She frowned and flipped her hand in the air, pointing at her mother, "Whatever! You are here. The kids are. And I am gone for the evening." She slowly stood upright and wore a pair of ratty sweat pants and a matching tee shirt with her college name, handing the crying baby to her mother, scooting the older kid towards her mother also.
Jasper accepted the baby and frowned down at the runny nose of green tinted baby snot on the tiny infant. "The baby still feels warm. Did you go to the physician's office with the kids? What did the pediatrician say about their fevers?"
Her daughter exhaled with annoyance and stared down at her two children. "No. I didn't take the kids to the doctor's office. I was too busy planning the new trip and packing for the new trip. They are sick with a head cold. Children get sick and then get better. You told me that. I'm exhausted and really need this break from the baby life. So, you are here now and can take care of my kids, can't you, Mom?" She spun around ahead towards her private master bedroom. "I'm getting a shower and changing my clothes. My hubby will arrive home in ten minutes. Then he will shower and change his clothes. Then we're gone for the evening heading to the church for a night of adult fun and games. I hope you can stay until midnight, Mother. But, of course, you can." She slammed the master bedroom door getting ready for the upcoming fun event.
Jasper exhaled with more annoyance hearing the cries from each baby, spinning around, moving into the kitchen space. The ground floor plan held an open floor space where the living room and kitchen space was one setting for ease of travel and watching the children play on the floor. She stopped in front of the kitchen cabinet that held an assortment of purchased medications, opening the cabinet door, finding the runny nose medication. She provided the purchased medication to both babies and padded back into the living room space, where the big plasma television screen displayed a colorful kiddie cartoon for the oldest child, who was too sick to view the television program.
Jasper placed the youngest baby on top of the floral sofa with green leaves and rose colored flowers, checking the forehead skin on the baby. The other baby slowly followed the back spine on Jasper and stopped, resting down on top of the area rug of pink, yellow, and rose colored squares, curling into a ball, after sucking down the runny nose medication. She slowly folded down at her fitted waistline and rested on top of the rug beside the oldest baby, reaching out, touching each body part with worry.

At 04:31 pm, her daughter and son-in-law refreshed and dressed for the upcoming church event, leaving the two babies, Jasper, and their house. Jasper continued to watch and care for the two babies with love and worry.

At 11:11 pm, at night, with cold temperatures and a dark sky, the two babies were sound asleep inside their individual baby cribs, resting during the night hours. Her daughter and son-in-law arrived back home, waving goodbye to Jasper, preparing for a restful evening.

At 11:15 pm, Jasper exited their home and padded to her car, staring the engine, sneezing out a gulp of wet running nose snot on the steering wheel. She frowned and wiped off the mucus with a tissue. "O no! I might be getting sick from the two babies." She drove home, parked the car, and climbed into her cold bed sheets breathing through her parted lips, trying to rest for the night.



Friday, November 2nd


Cold air temperatures with parted clouds of sunlight
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama

06:59 am

Birmingham Bank location
Second floor level
Private office setting


Jasper returned back to her working job conducting her same safe work routine possessing a slight runny nose feeling a slight sore throat. Throughout the day, she blew her runny nose and sipped on green tinted tea for her sore throat while slowly working but leaving her unfinished work assignments for next week. At the end of her scheduled working hours, she exited her office and drove to her daughter's house, after receiving a new text message regarding her two grandbabies.

At 04:04 pm, Jasper entered her daughter's house with a smile then frowned at the two crying babies, resting on top of the sofa and down on top of the throw rug. Each one possessed a runny nose, a loud cough, and numerous tiny body pains coming from the cold virus.
Her daughter sat on the floor and held the youngest baby in one arm and cuddled the older baby on her rib cage, looking up with a sour frown, speaking out loud. "Finally! I expected you here at my house, hours ago. Come over here and grab the kids! Hubby and I are going on a retreat for the entire weekend with some of the other young adults from our church. There are cold food trays in the refrigerator for the kids and cold beverages in the food pantry for you. We're going to have a good time without the kids, since the children had their fun last week, during the Halloween event. You know that too. You were here and dressed as a reindeer for the kids." She slowly stood upright and handed the crying baby to her mother, scooting the older kid towards their grandmother also.
Jasper accepted the baby and frowned down at the tears on the baby. "The baby still feels warm and has a runny hole of green tinted snot and is crying from all of the body aches and pains, sweetheart. I do believe that the kids should visit the physician for some medicine, sweetheart."
Her daughter exhaled with annoyance and stared down at her two children. "No. I didn't take the kids to the doctor's office. I was too busy planning the new trip and packing for the new trip. The kids are sick with a head cold. Children get sick and then get better. You told me that, after I delivered my baby boy. I'm exhausted and really need this break from the baby life. So, you are here now and can take care of my kids, can't you, Mom?"
Outside on the house, on top of the driveway, a loud horn sounded throughout the air waves, echoing into the internal walls of the house.
Her daughter spun around with a smile and dashed to the front door, "That's my hubby. We're leaving the home and going to the church and then the retreat spot, somewhere close but far from the kids. Good night, Mother!" She opened the door and left her kids and her house, slamming the front door shut but not locked for the late afternoon hours.
Jasper exhaled with more annoyance hearing the loud cries from each baby, spinning around, moving into the kitchen space. She stopped in front of the kitchen cabinet that held an assortment of purchased medications, opening the cabinet door, finding the fever and runny nose medication. She provided the purchased medication to both babies and padded back into the living room space, where the big plasma television screen displayed a colorful kiddie cartoon for the oldest child, who was too sick and didn't want to watch the kiddie program. The child was resting on the floor. Jasper slowly folded down at her fitted waistline and rested on top of the rug beside the oldest baby, reaching out, touching each body part with worry.

At 11:58 pm, the two babies were feeling cooler and sound asleep inside their individual baby cribs, resting during the night hours. Her daughter and son-in-law were not home but located at the mysterious church retreat spot somewhere close but far enough away from Jasper and the two babies. Jasper sat down in the rocking chair in silence hearing the shallow breathing of each baby inside their shared bedroom, closing her two eyelashes, sleeping in the chair.



Monday, November 4th


Cold temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight
City of Montgomery within the US State of Alabama
   (90 miles south from Birmingham)

Alabama State Capital building setting
6000 Dexter Avenue
06:54 am


On this cold morning, the approach towards the Alabama State Capital featured a silver tinted limousine slowly driving one direction over the gray tinted asphalt pavement, steering towards five tall columns and a marble coated front porch then slowly curved away the front steps and halted parallel with the sidewalk, without killing the running engine.
Historically, the first capital building was designed by Stephan Decatur Button from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on top of prime pasture land used for herding goats, in the year 1846. Thus, the land had acquired the name Goat Hill.  The building was completed on December, the sixth, in the year 1847, displaying a front faade of six Doris columns that expanded a 350 foot-wide porch and reached 119 feet high from the ground level to the top of the lantern on the dome rooftop. The center core of the building is a three story level above a basement. Each north and south wing on the structure is two story level tall above another basement setting.
Then, on December, the fourteenth, in the year 1849, the capital building burned down to the ground. The burnt ruins were cleared by March 1850 and new construction began on a second Alabama State Capital building under the supervision of architect Barachias Holt.
The new construction duplicated the Greek Revival building style with five Corinthian columns expanding the front faade of 150 feet long by 70 feet wide. In the rear of the building, the judiciary wing measures 40 feet long by 50 feet wide. Each side wing measures 100 feet long by 92 feet wide which is the close in size to a professional basketball court that measures 94 feet long by 50 feet wide.
Congressmen occupied the building on October, the first, in the year 1851. In the month of February, in the year 1852, a circular clock was installed on top of the gabled roof in front of the dome rooftop.
The currently manicured lawn on top of the hill contains numerous trees, scrubs and granite monuments including Albert Patterson in the year 1961; Jefferson Davis in the year 1940; Frederick Cleveland Hibbard in the year 1920, and others.
From the parked limousine, a black haired, dark skinned female driver in a long red tinted leather duster, a matching pair of leather gloves, and a dark blue tinted wool pants suit scooted from the driver's seat running around the rear bumper, stopping beside the rear compartment and opened the heavy door. The State of Alabama owned vehicle did not possess an automatic door opening and closing mechanism like the Quarter super limousine models.
A short, plump body frame with a bun of gray tinted hair, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a face of wrinkles in ghostly white hue emerged from the rear bench seat, standing on top of the concrete sidewalk, wearing a smile. Madam Governor wore a white tinted fur coat and a matching fur hat over her hair roots, and a pair of matching white tinted gloves over her gray tinted business suit. She slowly moved ahead in a pair of gray tinted knee boots towards the front faade on the grant building, carefully climbing each marble step with her advanced age of 65 years old. She reached the entrance wall that contained three sets of double doors, always entering through the center pair as the highest paid and employed public servant in the great State of Alabama, missing noting the most usual scene. The two Alabama capital honor guards in a gray tinted uniform were missing from their assign guard posts beside the middle double doors, opening the door for the governor, each morning and late afternoon.
She frowned with annoyance at the incompetent missing honor guard pair and mentally noted to contact the captain of the guards reporting the matter, reaching out with her gloved hand, grabbing the cold horizontal door handle and slowly opened the heavy glass and wooden door. She gasped in alarm and stared at the rows and columns of stacked objects, stepping through the archway but blocked from entering the massive lobby.
The state capital conducts tours of the historical building each day that features the ancient beauty, southern hospitality, and numerous gift shops featuring Alabama homemade gifts, specialty foods, Alabama souvenirs, and holiday ornaments, where a visitor pays one US dollar to walk around the creeping wooden floors.
But the capital building tour did not start at seven but nine o'clock in the morning, so an empty lobby floor should not be blocked.
The ground floor features twin curved or cantilevered stairways that spirals around the white tinted walls and reaches the third floor with the rotunda setting that is topped by a large dome.
The dome interior contains eight painted murals by dead and buried Roderick Mackenzie, a native from the country of Scotland, who had relocated to the State of Alabama in the 1920s. 
Each one of his murals depicts the ancient history of the State of Alabama. One painting shows the meeting of Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto greeting the Native American Indian tribe Tuskaloosa, in the year 1540. A second mural shows the colonial French capital in the town of Mobile by Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville and his brother Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne, Sieur de Bienville from the years 1702 to 1711. A third painting show the surrender of British commander William Weatherford to the American General Andrew Jackson, in the year 1814. A four picture shows the earlier pioneers settling the wild and lush Alabama wildness, in the year 1816. A fifth mural displays the drafting of the Constitution of Alabama, in the year 1818. A sixth mural show the wealth and leisure of life during the Antebellum Era, from the years 1840 to 1860. A seventh painting depicts the inauguration of Confederate President Jefferson Davis on top of the marble capitol steps, in the year 1861. The last mural shows the prosperity of resources in Alabama during the time period of 1874 to 1930.
On the ground level, within the lobby setting, the twin spiral staircases had been built by architect Horace King, a former slave, who was freed in the year 1846. In the eastern direction from the curved stairway, the ground floor displays the rotunda setting with the bronze statue of the first female governor Lurleen Burns Wallace, who had died in the governor's chair, in the year 1968. From the rotunda setting on the first and the second floor levels, individual avenue hallways lead into the north and south wings of the building, including the old Senate Chamber three-story room to the north and the Old House of Representatives Chamber three-story room on the southern end, which is part of the historical tour for any paying guest from Alabama or the world. Also, on the ground floor, the old Supreme Court Chamber, which was part of the original building plan, dates back to the year 1851. The room is a rectangular design, one story high, with a concave entry wall and two Ionic columns dividing the space in the center of the room, which is part of the historical tour also. The third floor holds the current business offices.
Madam Governor could not shove her plump body frame around the semi-crooked row of stacked tiny cardboard boxes and started shouting out loud for one of her numerous staff members. "What is happening here? Why can't I access the lobby space? Where did all of these tiny boxes come from?"
A petite female with long blonde hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, in a pink and orange tinted business suit with a pink fake fur coat, a matching hat, and a pair of matching leather gloves slipped through a small opening between two of the stacks and stopped, standing a few feet from the open door, feeling the cold airs. She greeted the government. "Good morning, Madam Governor! Isn't this awesome? The stacks of cardboard boxes represent all of the collected blood proteins from numerous Alabama residents, since the blood kits were delivered to each medical center, every medical hospital, each mental health center and every physician's office. We have boxes coming from the small towns of harvest in northern Alabama, from Brewton in southern Alabama, and from metro city Birmingham in central Alabama and from?"
"What! What are all of these boxes doing here inside the lobby space? There should never been any boxes or objects blocking the entrance way into my office," she shouted back with fury.
The young adult flipped her hand and pointed at the boxes, "Well, numerous large cardboard boxes started to arrive here at the State Capital building on Friday afternoon, after you had left the governor's office. I didn't know what to do with the boxes and could not authorize ?"
The governor waved her gloved hand and nodded several times, "Yes. Yes. Yes. Call the Post Office Master and order his trucks and his post office carriers to come here and remove all of the boxes, sending all the medical boxes to Washington D.C. We are not to accept any more boxes from any hospital or physician's office. Do you understand me?"
She nodded with a stern face. "Yes ma'am," she pulled out her personal mobile telephone and searched for the local Post office telephone number.
The governor continued to stand in the cold weather and slowly scooted to the side without finding an opening for her plump body frame, then slid to the opposite side of stacks of boxes, without finding a new opening. She stopped and exhaled with annoyance at the mess inside the lobby space. "I cannot get through the stacks of boxes. How deep do the rows and columns blood kit boxes extend into the lobby space? I need to get into my office."
The female staff member continued to hunt for the local post office number, talking to the governor. "The rows and columns of tiny boxes start here at the row of front doors and are stacked all the way back to the rear wall, going up the twin spiral staircases too, standing in rows and columns on the third floor lobby space. I do not have an exact count of the boxes. Each tiny blood kit box measures six inches in length by six inches in wide by six inches in height. This room is 100 feet across which is 1,188 inches across. A six inch box in length divided by 1,188 inches equals 198 boxes in a row. The width of the room is 70 feet or 840 inches. A six inched box in width divided by 840 inches is 140 rows. I stacked them in columns of thirty tiny boxes. So, 198 times 140 equals 27,720 boxes which is multiped by 10 boxes which is six feet in height is 277,200 tiny blood kit boxes here on the floor of the lobby space. On the staircase leading upwards towards the third floor, each stack of boxes measures six feet in height also which is 10 boxes going to ten feet of wall space times two spiral cases equals ?"
"Guess the number of boxes?"
She looked up from her phone and smiled at the older woman, "Okay. There are 999,000 boxes located here in the capital building. The entire state of Alabama houses 4.9 million people, including men, women, children, and senior citizens. Is that awesome? So, we have collected about twenty percent samples from the current population."
"Get these boxes outta of my way!" The governor waved both of her hands in the air.
She frowned at the governor. "Hmm! I don't think I can move any of the boxes without busting open the package and contaminating the contents. That would be so wrong, Madam Governor."
The governor frowned and back stepped from the archway. "I am driving around the rear of the building and heading to my office. Do not contact me until all of these boxes are removed from the lobby space," she spun around from the block lobby space in huff of annoyance and carefully walked over the marble porch, climbing back down each marble step, moving back to her limousine with frustration.




Twenty minutes later?.


(90 miles north of Montgomery)
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama
07:21 am

Birmingham Bank location
Second floor level
Private office setting


Jasper stopped her car without killing the engine, sneezing on the steering column, reaching over, grabbing a roll of toilet paper, which was used on the butthole, not the nose holes. She did not bother purchasing boxes of expensive nose tissue paper, when a roll of butthole tissue paper was both softer and cheaper.
She wiped her runny nose and breathed fresh air molecules through her parted lips, exhaling with bad nasty cold germs in the air, "Yeah, I am sick. I have acquired a virus from my two cute grandbabies. I feel like shit, if shit could be felt by my raw nerve endings. I can't miss a day of work. I have plenty of vacation saved up for the upcoming holiday weeks. This is the month of November for the Thanksgiving Day with turkey and southern cornbread dressing that my daughter cooks. I can't miss that entire week, when I am needed for my family. Then the next month of December is the Christmastime holidays with ham and mashed potatoes that my daughter cooks also. My daughter is great cook, not like her mother. I can't miss that entire week, when I visit and play with my two grandbabies. Then the next month of January is New Year's Day celebration. My daughter and her husband go out and party while I babysat my two grandbabies. My family needs me. I need my family during the holidays. No! I can't miss any time at work. I must go to work and sleep through the work day." She exhaled with sour nasty germs and then inhaled with fresh air molecules through her parted lips, gagging from the accumulated mucus down in her tight throat, blowing her nose holes into the butthole tissue paper.
Also, Jasper was starting to see the light at the end of the money tunnel at the age of 59 years old. She had started working at the age of 16 years old as high school student intern for a co-worker of her mother's, at the same bank company, in the same department, not the same work job during the summertime breaks, the high school breaks, and throughout college courses. Thus, she had been working for the same company for 43 years. Over the years, she had used and abused the free educational system at the bank and earned a master's degree and a doctoral degree in computer science field which provided a good paying job with little opportunity for advancement. She was a single mother and could not afford to work a management job while her daughter was involved in sports, cheerleading, dance rituals, and other social activities, where her mother was the driver, the banker, the teacher, the nurse, and the father, all the time.
Even though she had started her career path as a lowly high school student intern worker, all of her working time applied to her total work years. Her longevity had led to a designated parking spot on the second floor level of a ten-story tall parking garage building, walking from the parked slot to her tiny and private business office on the same floor. Jasper received ten vacation days per pay period making forty days of vacation per calendar year. She was careful with her vacation hours using the days helping her daughter with the two children with the newest mommy crisis.
Inside the car cockpit, she wiped her wet face and pressed the button on the console, cutting off the engine. She still continued to sit and inhaled through her parted lips tons of fresh air molecules, reaching over and opened the car door, exhaling the nasty cold germs in the fresh air. She scooted from the seat and slowly stood upright on top of the concrete floor, inhaling fresh air through her parted lips holding her key fob in on hand and a roll of butthole toilet paper in the other. She twisted her hip and slammed the door shut, locking the car, still standing upright in the garage floor, exhaling nasty cold germs in the fresh air. She slowly spun around and faced the parking garage door, inhaling fresh hair molecules through her parted lips, wiping her wet face with the wet butthole toilet paper. She slowly limped ahead and sneezed out nose snot, gagged on the throat snot, and then coughed out loud trying to breath in tons of fresh air molecules. She reached the door and pressed her badge to the buzz box. The door automatically opened for jasper.
She entered the busy hallway seeing the other bank employees, smoothly padding down the long corridor, turning into the open archway that lead into her department and stopped inside the open archway of her tiny private business office. She exhaled with nasty cold germs and sneezed at the same time, blowing nose snot in the air, on the floor, on her arm, and her clothing. She wiped her wet face with a clean sheet of toilet paper and cleared her nostrils, slowing padding towards her office desk and then stopped. She sneezed out loud and cleared her throat, wiping off the nose shot from her face again, scooting around the office desk and sat down. She rested her aching head down on top of the desk surface, closing both of her two eyelashes, breathing through her parted lips. She whispered for her eardrums only, "I feel really terrible. I got sick from my two grandbabies. I hope they're feeling better. I'll inform my daughter that I should not visit her and her family until I feel better and healthy again," She could hear numerous footfalls coming from additional co-workers with a faint voice, moving through the shared hallway into her department. She exhaled more nasty cold germs through her parted lips and continued to rest on top of her office desk surface.

At 07:47 am, she lifted her wet face and aching head, blowing wet snot from her runny nose in the air, on the desk top, and on the computer screen, wiping her wet face. She reached out and typed with one finger pad on the computer keyboard, viewing the emails. One at a time, she answered each email but did not feel like working on the new computer program for her work day and her work pay. She leaned down and rested her aching head back down on the office desk, closing her two eyelashes taking a short restful nap form the body pain.

At 11:55 am, Jasper lifted up her face and wiped the dried snot from her two nostrils, viewing the open archway. She didn't see her supervisor or another nosy co-worker staring back at her red tinted face. She reached out and typed on the computer keyboard, viewing new emails, working her index finger and addressed each question. She slowly started working on one of the broken computer programs which was painful with a pair of blurry eyeballs, an aching head of non-thinking commands, and a runny nose with thick snot. She slowly worked for a few minutes then then rested her aching head down on top of the office desk, refreshing her mind and her body, falling back sleep from her head cold.

At 03:03, she lifted up her wet face and viewed the open archway with double vision. Her cold was becoming worse inside her body. She slowly stood upright from the chair and grabbed her car fog and the roll of toilet paper, leaving her office and her work, ending her work days. She slowly limped from her office towards her car, carefully driving home.

At 03:18 pm, at her residential home, Jasper exited her car and limped into her house, finding the long sofa in the living room, plopping down on top of the soft leather without changing her dirty work clothes. She felt terrible and continued to sneeze, then gag, and finally coughed up more nose snort. She rested on top of the leather sofa until the next morning hours.




Tuesday, November 5th


City of Montgomery within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight

   (90 miles south from Birmingham)

Alabama State Capital building setting
Conference room location
07:07 am


The government-issued limousine parked beside the concrete sidewalk that led onto the sloped marble steps towards the capital building, on the second day of the work week, among the cold winter temperatures, releasing the governor from the warm atmosphere of the parked car again. The governor slowly climbed each step and huffed out heavy breaths of sour air molecules, reaching the marble portico, seeing the familiar pair of honor guards. The lead honor guard reached over and opened the middle door, nodding with a smile to the governor.
The governor entered any empty lobby and slowly padded up the spiral stairway towards the third floor, hearing a set of faint voices coming from her staff members and members of the congress, who were working today. She reached her office door and entered the narrow rectangular room, viewing two empty office desks, stopping at the occupied desk. "Where are my other staff workers?"
The working secretary displayed a long ponytail in brown hair, a pair of light eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, looking up with a smile at the governor. "O! The two other ladies are at home with their sick elementary children. This is the season for colds and flus. They cannot come into work today. Can I help you, Madam Governor?"
"Could you be a sweetheart and fetch me a cup of hot tea from the kitchen?"
"Yes, ma'am!" the short, plump middle-aged woman stood upright from her chair and scooted around her desk, finishing the order.
The governor entered her office and sat behind the long wooden desk, staring at the row of papers, exhaling with annoyance. She started on her right side and lifted up the first piece of paper, reading through the information. The secretary entered the room then stopped, sneezing out loud, wiping her wet face with her free hand, moving ahead and placed the steamy cup of hot tea at the elbow of the governor. The governor did not view the worker but stated. "Thank you!"
The secretary back stepped from the office deck and spun around, sneezing again, wiping her wet face with the other hand, leaving the office and headed to the bathroom for refreshing her dirty face. The governor continued to work on the stacks of papers in silence.



Twenty minutes later?.


(90 miles north of Montgomery)
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama
07:21 am

Birmingham Bank location
Second floor level
Private office setting


Jasper stopped her car, without killing the engine, sneezing on the steering column, reaching over, grabbing a roll of toilet paper, which was used on the butthole, not the nose holes. She wiped her runny nose and breathed fresh air molecules through her parted lips, exhaling with bad nasty cold germs in the air. She shook her head of dirty head as her body was both smelly and dirty, without bathing. Jasper didn't feel like showering, only sleeping off the bad head cold.
Jasper slowly exited the car without locking the automobile, padding from the cold garage space, down the cold hallway into the department kitchen, preparing a cup of hot tea for her sore throat. She left the kitchen while gagging then coughing and finally sneezing, entering her private office, sitting down in the cute mint green office chair. She dropped her car fob and her mobile telephone on top of the hard desk surface She didn't have to worry about a new text message from her daughter. Her daughter and husband were sick with the nasty head cold and located at home, but the two babies were feeling better exhibiting a runny nose and a low-grade temperature.
She slowly sipped the cup of hot tea without touching the nasty green tea then sneezed out loud feeling a tiny set of clear mucus running down one hole nose. She reached over and jerked a wad of soft toilet paper from the roll, wiping off her wet face and tossed the used tissue paper down into the trash can. She stared at the black tinted screen on one monitor, without staring her assigned work, feeling terrible and tired and weak, exhaling a set of nasty cold germs through her parted lips and inhaled fresh air molecules through her open mouth.

At 07:27 am, her supervisor appeared and stood inside the open archway, sneezing out loud, wiping her wet face with a clean nose tissue, wearing a peach colored dress coat with a lovely strand of green tinted gemstones. She displayed a crop of short brown tinted hair strands, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of glowing white skin. She cleared her throat but could not swallow the thick nose snot mucus back down her throat, cuddling her personal mobile telephone into her chest, staring at the office desk, barely seeing the silver tinted hair roots on her employee. "Jasper, good morning!" She coughed out loud. "There is a mandatory meeting at 7:30, inside the extra-large conference room. I'll see you there. Thank you," she sneezed again and back stepped from the open archway, spinning around, moving down to the next tiny private office with buttercream walls, stopping inside the open archway, sneering out loud again. She repeated the verbal announcement to the next employee.
At the office desk, Jasper sneezed out loud and reached out, grabbing a wad of toilet paper, wiping off the clear snot from one nose hole then dropped the dirty item down into the trash can. She didn't have time to greet her supervisor or respond to the early morning announcement, darting her two eyeballs at the computer time clock and gasped in shock. The time was 07:27 am. The impromptu meeting started in three more minutes. She reached out and grabbed a new wad of toilet paper, sneering out loud and wiped the clear nose snot from her wet face, dropping the used object down into the trash can. She did not bother taking an ink pen or a small pad of paper for the early morning impromptu meeting. She shoved the rolling chair from the table edge and sneezed out loud, feeling the wet nose snot on her face, reaching out, grabbing a wad of new toilet paper pieces and wiped off the disgusting snot and dropped the dirty items on the floor. She scooted from the office desk and moved ahead, skidding to a halt, sneezing out loud and exhaled with annoyance. She had captured some of the nasty cold germs from her two precious grandbabies. She back stepped beside the desk top and reached down, wrapping a clean wad of soft toilet paper tissues around her hand then exited her office.

At 07:28 am, Jasper did not rush down the busy corridor with her fellow co-workers and stopped a few feet from the open archway from the extra-large conference room and sneezed out loud, wiping off her wet face, slowly moving into the room and sat down against the side wall in the middle chair. The room was filled with employees for the impromptu meeting around the table and on each side of the wall, except the front wall, where a white board stood empty, without a set of black or colorful hand-printed words or sentences. Each employee softly spoke with their neighborhood discussing current events or family affairs or performed coughing fits then a set of sneezes from their head cold.
The president of the bank entered the room and as the workers ceased their mumblings, not the sneezing fits. He stopped and stood in front of the conference table behind the white tinted board, straightening his yellow and blue stripped necktie with nervousness on his gray tinted business suit, nodding to each worker. He displayed a head of black grayish hair, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of olive skin and was 60 years old in age.
Jasper wiggled in her chair with worry and stared in silence at the president, sneezing out loud, wiping off her wet face with the tissue paper. This was a weird event having the president of the bank company sharing a conference room with all of the IT department employees.
The president nodded with a stern face staring back at each worried face on every IT employee. "Good morning to all! You know me, but I do not know you. I am here to share some not very good news. The board of directions has determined that the bank company will be downsizes. That means, open bank positions are closed. New bank positions are cancelled. And other bank positions are being restructured." The audience of employee gasped in alarm first and then softly mumbled out loud with worry.
Jasper wiggled more inside her chair with deep concern then sneezed out loud, wiping off her wet face with the clean tissue paper. The president was here in the IT conference room announcing that some employees were losing their paying work jobs. She could not believe the words drifting into her two eardrums.
He continued. "The economy is bad."
No. The economy was good. Jasper sneezed and then wiped off her wet face. She knew the board of directions and the administrative executives were paid a great big fat money bonus, if the bank made a good money profit during the year. Each bank employee received a small money check during Christmas time.
He said. "The bank is struggling with money profits for the current year."
No. The bank produced a profit of thirteen million dollars last year. Jasper knew that information, because the bank provided electronic financial statement of the business through the email system to each employee. However, the bank employees were too busy drinking cups of coffee, playing on their personal mobile telephone and chatting with their co-workers.
He said. "I wanted to appear here in person and tell each employee that you are a valuable asset to the bank."
No. Each employee was not an asset, but a liability that required health insurance, dental insurance, vacation hours, sick hours, child care hours, and other paid benefits from bank business that had to be paid, based on the USA Federal Government regulations. Thus, the bank executives were going to restructure work jobs that did not include a working mother, who had young children. As the working mother missed her work time and created problems within the working job.
Jasper wiggled in the chair and scanned the crowded conference room, observing some of the employees, sneezing out loud and wiped off her wet face. Each one was wiggling with worry also while staring at the president. Jasper immediately recalled some of the younger employees, who were mothers with small children while feeling sad that they would be losing their jobs here at the bank.
In front of the room, he said. "I am here in person to said that each manager must be free and available for sharing information with me during this difficult time here at the bank."
Jasper was only a computer programmer, without management skills or experience. But each lower, middle and higher manager position was losing their work jobs first, since a manager did not perform any physical work, only barking out a set of annoying verbal commands, like her supervisor. She looked over and studied the hair roots on her supervisor, who was staring down at the blue tinted carpet and knew that fact also.
In front of the room, he said. "I wanted to appear here in person and explain that part of the restructuring would include some of our senior bank employees, who are some of our best employees."
No. Jasper returned back and gasped in alarm, sneezing out loud, wiping off her wet face with the wet paper. She stared at the president of the bank company. It could not be true. This could not be happening right here and right now. She needed her work job. She needed her work money for her official retirement day, at the age of 67 years old.
The president was talking about the group of senior citizen employees, like Jasper. She was a senior employee working 43 years here at the bank. She was going to lose her job through the restructure program. She had seen this type of worker elimination for decades. However, it had never affected her person or her bank position. Maybe, Jasper will slip through the restructure process again and as she was only a computer programmer.
In front of the room, he said. "I am here to announce that a new restructure committee will coming around each department starting this week. There is not a planned meeting. The committee members will just show up," he chuckled with a smile.
No. This was a terrible silly joke on the IT department employees. The economy was great. Everyone had a job or getting a job. The bank was making money, not losing money. The employees were happy and healthy. The executives were fat and greedy.
Jasper needed her working job. She had been here for decades. She could not possibility been of the targeted employees that was involved in the restructure program.
In front of the conference room, he said. "I am here to announce that some of the employees here in the IT department might not be here after the Thanksgiving holidays. However, here at Birmingham Bank, we have a helpful crew to help you find a new job somewhere here within the city of Birmingham. Thank you! Enjoy the rest of your day!"
No. Jasper wiggled in her chair and sneezed out loud, wiping off her wet face with the wet wad of tissue paper. She was going to lose her working job on the week of Thanksgiving holiday. She needed her working job and each paycheck of money. She needed to build up her retirement account, after years of devoted working service here at the local bank company. She was too old to find a new work job and received a nice salary that was used for her retirement years. Jasper continued to wiggle in the chair and sneezed out loud, wiping off the nose snot from her wet face.

At 07:46 am, every employee sat in silence and watched the president. He back stepped from the conference table and scooted around the chairs, dashing out from the conference room.
The department director for the IT center stood upright with a stern face from his padded chair and announced to the employees. "The meeting has finished. Please, go back to work. Monday morning will be a new day, for all." Each employee slowly stood upright and exited the room, in silence.

At 07:48 am, Jasper made her way back to her office and stood in front of her desk, without working on the broken computer program, sneezing out loud, and reached out, grabbing a handful of nose tissue papers and wiped her wet face. She sat down and lowered her head, rubbing her temple, whispering for her eardrums only. "I feel awful. I think I have acquired a cold from my two grandbabies." She looked up and sneezed out loud, wiping her wet face, without working on the broken computer program. She slowly searched each drawer and cabinet picking out all of her personal possessions. Jasper did not bring tons of personal items from her home. She found a tube of orange tinted lipstick, a small hair brush, and a needle and thread set that could be used to repair her work clothes during an emergency at her work job. The rest of the items belonged to the bank. She placed her possession inside her purse and sat down, exhaling with sickness. She did not feel good coming from the stuffy nose and the developing head cold.
For the next seven hours for the rest of her work day, Jasper did not bother with her work job assignment, feeling angry about losing her working job, sitting at her desk, drinking cups of hot green tinted tea for her developing head cold.

At 02:55 pm, she left the bank and slowly padded towards her automobile, stopping to sneeze, wiping off her wet face. She carefully drove her old car back home and climbed into bed, without thinking about losing her job at the moment, needing to heal her sick body, soonest.



Wednesday, November 5th


City of Montgomery within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight

   (90 miles south from Birmingham)

Alabama State Capital building setting
Conference room location
07:37 am


The governor arrived at her elected job wearing a lavender colored wool pants suit cheering up the gloomy day of dark clouds and her lousy mood, entering an empty lobby space without tiny boxes or talking employees. She slowly padded up one of the two spiral stairways towards the third floor, hearing a set of faint voices coming from her staff members and members of the congress, who were working today. She reached the third floor still hearing a set of faint voices coming down the corridor from the kitchen area and padded through the office archway and entered the narrow rectangular room, viewing each empty office desks, stopping in the middle of the room. She gasped in alarm then sneezed out loud, wiping her wet face with the wet lady's handkerchief. "Where are my other staff workers? Yesterday, my only working secretary had mentioned that the two young adult mothers were located at home with their sick children. But the older secretary did not live with young or teenage children. She was a grandmother like me and ? and?" she sneezed out loud wiping her wet face with the wet lady's handkerchief. "All right! I am alone and lonely today," she giggled then sneezed out loud, feeling the runny snot down her face and wiped her wet face with the used lady's handkerchief, exhaling a set of nasty cold germs into the fresh air. She reached up and touched her temple, feeling a dull aching pain, slowly walking through the new carpet into her office desk. She placed her handbag on top of the desk hearing her name.
"Madam Governor! Madam Governor!" The female soprano voice sung in a high-pitched tone.
Madam Governor slowly spun around from her office desk and wore a sweet smile, sneezing first wiping off her wet face then seeing her staff member second, without a word. The staff member was a recent college graduate with a degree in marketing and twenty two years old, wearing a cute cherry colored business suite, a pink tinted blouse, and a pair of cherry red colored knee boots, displaying a head of blonde hair in a ponytail, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin. She stood inside the archway wearing a stern face and thumbed back over her collar bone, nodding several times, "Good morning, Madam Governor! The CDC representatives are here and waiting for your arrival inside the extra-large conference room, since?"
"What!" She swiftly padded ahead and shook her gray tinted head, exiting her office, moving through the office space and walked with her staff member inside an empty hallway. "How long have the CDC representatives been waiting for me? Wait! What are the CDC representatives doing here? Why are they here at the State Capital Building?"
The staff member cleared her throat with the runny nose snot then sneezed out loud, wiping off her wet face from the wet nose snot. "They arrived at seven o'clock here, before my arrival time. The two posted guards opened the entrance doors and they waited in the lobby space, when I arrived to work. They did not tell me anything, but they needed to talk with you as soon as possible. So, I escorted them into the largest conference room to wait on your presence."
She nodded with a stern face. "You performed the correct procedure, Marvis." The governor reached the archway on the largest conference room and stopped inside the opening, staring at the circular table which was surrounded by empty chairs. She was shocked but didn't have time to question the new environment while pondering the absence of her working staff members.
On the opposite side of the conference table, one of the medical physicians from the Alabama Department of Public Heath displayed a set of yellow tinted surgical scrubs underneath a white tinted laboratory coat. She worked the evening shift last night. She had been informed of the three visitors from the CDC office before leaving her shift, following the young staff member into the largest conference room without speaking with the new guest. She wore a yellow tinted skull cap over her black tinted hair roots as her working job involving visiting each local public health department, auditing some of the patient medical records. Her face was covered in a sour frown over her dark colored skin tone, standing behind an empty chair, staring at each back spine on the three CDC medical physicians.
On the opposite side wall, three individuals faced the wall and wore a set of light pale surgical scrubs underneath a white tinted laboratory coat, decorating a gigantic map of Alabama. The map was a clever white board representation used for discussion of current and future government events within the great State of Alabama. Each one was placing a set of red and green tinted tiny magnetic markers over the white board.
Madam Governor gasped in alarm and entered the room, speaking to the three individuals. "Good morning! I am?"
"Governor," the female Alabama medical physician continued to stand and stared at the three CDC physicians.
The lead medical physician spun around and displayed a white tinted face mask covering her two nose holes and her parted lips, nodding to the governor. "Governor, we come from the CDC office in Atlanta, Georgia. Please, come and sit down. We have much to discuss." She moved ahead and stopped, sliding down into the empty chair on the side of the circular table. Her two co-workers stopped working on white board and spun around, wearing a stern face, moving ahead and stopped, sliding in-between their CDC supervisor. Each one stared at the governor and her staff member.
The governor stopped and slid down into an empty chair at the head of the table, reaching out, patting the arm on Marvis. "This is my assistance Marvis. She will stay and take notes for me."
Marvis gasped in shock as this was not her assigned governmental work job. She nodded with a stern face to the governor, sliding down in an empty seat, placing her handy-dandy government-issued laptop from her big handbag on top of the table. She booted the computer and started typing on the keyboard, taking the notes from the impromptu meeting with the three CDC representatives.
The lead medical physician nodded with a stern face to the governor. "For the speediest of time here, my name is Dr. Ianthe. This is Dr. Unice. This is Dr. Quaid. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is tasked with directing the appropriate response to a disease occurrence here within the great United States of America. You and others throughout the land do not know this new information. There is epidemic occurring, right here and right now, throughout the USA.
"What!" Madam Governor gasped in alarm with worry.
"What!" Marvis stopped typing and gasped in shock with horror, looking up, staring at the three CDC medical physicians.
"How is that possible?" The Alabama medical physician frowned then pulled out the chair, sitting down, listening to the three guests here at the State Capital Building with suspicion.
Dr. Ianthe nodded. "An epidemic is an infectious disease that spreads through a large number of individuals that affects the health of each person. An epidemic disease is related to illness, body pain, fever and other clinical symptoms, where I do not have time to provide a medical lecture here. One example of an epidemic disease is cholera."
The Alabama medical physician frowned at Dr. Ianthe. "The word, epidemic, comes from the Greek word that means, upon the people. The word, epidemic, is used to describe any problem that has grown out of control. The medical definition is a widespread occurrence of a disease or an illness in a particular community, at a particular time, within a short period of time. The SARS or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome epidemic is one example of an epidemic that occurred in the year 2003 murdering 800 lives throughout the world. Do not try to fool the medical researcher here. I am one of the employed Alabama public health department medical physicians." She turned and smiled at the governor. "Currently, there is not an epidemic here in the city of Montgomery or throughout the great State of Alabama. I can assure you, Madan Governor."
Dr. Unice turned and frowned at the nose profile on Dr. Ianthe. "With all due respect here, Dr. Ianthe! The current medical situation is a pandemic." Marvis did not type on her keyboard and stared at the three CDC physicians in silence. Unice continued. "A pandemic is an epidemic that occurs over a wide geographic area and affects large population, such like, AIDS or the Swine Influenza strand. Right here and right now, the USA peoples are experiencing a pandemic."
"What!" Madam Governor gasped in alarm with worry.
"What!" Marvis gasped in shock with horror.
Dr. Ianthe nodded. "An epidemic is an infectious disease that spreads through a large number of sick patient and relates to the geographic affected regions which affects a whole country or the entire world. This is a pandemic occurrence."
The Alabama medical physician frowned at Dr. Unice. "The word, pandemic, comes from the Greek word that means, all of the people. I can assure you, Madam Governor, that there is no pandemic event here in the capital city of Montgomery or the entire State of Alabama."
Dr. Quaid softly chuckled and nodded to the smart Alabama medical physician. "Actually, the two words, pandemic and epidemic, are used as a noun as well as an adjective and they are used as the same word but clearly are defined with different medical relationships. Thus, right here and right now, either of the two words will apply."
The Alabama medical physician turned and smiled at Dr. Quaid. "An epidemiologist is very caution about describing a disease event, so it is placed in the appropriate context. An epidemic event suggests a disease that is out of control while a cluster infers an isolated event of lesser concern, sir. The CDC office, which is your employer, has recognized certain terms can incite undue panic. I am explaining all of the medical terms here to the governor without causing undue stress. The Zika outbreak in the year 2016 triggered a social and medical panic throughout the USA, when seven medical cases from seven different medical patients occurred here in the States of Florida and Texas. This was not an epidemic or an outbreak or a pandemic, only a panic here within the medical community. The HIV diseases that continues to trot around the globe, since the 1980s, had been termed a pandemic and was replaced by the word, epidemic, once effective medical treatment decreased the death rates. The Influenza strand occurs year after year, due to seasonal outbreaks and is concerned a pandemic occurrence. In the year 2009, the H1N1 Flu outbreak here in the USA affected over 60 million people resulting in 274,000 patients in the hospital and over 12,400 deaths."
Dr. Quaid smiled back. "A pandemic is approached the same way as an outbreak regarding international medical attention and cooperation of containing the disease. So, an outbreak is treated no less than a pandemic, if the disease poses the potential of expanding beyond its borders such like, Ebola virus. A pandemic outbreak is worse than an epidemic occurrence, because a pandemic outbreak spreads through the entire country. The border lines are blurred when an epidemic occurrence becomes a pandemic outbreak, in which, the disease affects both people and animals."
What animals?" The governor gasped in shock., "What are all of ya'll talking about? I have not heard any information coming from one of the local or national media news stations about an epidemic or a pandemic or either one of these words used a noun or an adjective. Why are you here at the Alabama State Capital Building? What do you want from me here at Alabama State Capital Building? Who sent you here to visit me and the State Capital Building?"
Dr. Ianthe nodded to the governor. "Right now, the CDC office is evaluating the current outbreak event based on the pathogenesis pathway of the disease which has effected a large number of people. Thus, the CDC office has not labeled the new outbreak as a pandemic event, but an epidemic event, which is historical similar to the other epidemics, such like, tuberculosis, malaria, and the Zika virus."
Dr. Unice nodded to the governor and smiled behind the face mask. "However, WHO is the initials for the World Health Organization outlines the steps between preparedness and the response of a pandemic, if the disease jumps from an animal to a human."
"What!" The governor gasped in alarm along with Marvis. The Alabama medical physician laughed out loud.
Dr. Unice continued. "Phase I is the period of time during which no animal virus has been reported to cause an infection in a human or humans. Phase Two is the first level of threat, where the contagious virus is confirmed and has jumped from an animal to a human or more human subjects. Phase Three identifies sporadic medical cases or small clusters of the disease are confirmed, but the human transmission has not occurred and is not an outbreak. Phase Four is the point when a human affects another human or an animal has infected a human and the human causes a community outbreak. Phase Five is when a human has infected other human from a virus and has caused the spread of the disease to two other foreign countries. Phase Six, the disease is declared a pandemic spreading across other foreign countries. Thus, we by-pass Phases One, Two, Three and jump down into Phase Four. A human has affected other human without involving an animal."
"What!" The governor gasped in alarm along with Marvis. The Alabama medical physician laughed out loud.
Dr. Quaid nodded with a stern face to the governor. "When a disease is labeled as a pandemic event, massive numbers of individuals are affected with the contagious disease. And the contagious disease will cross every US state line and also cross each international border as a medical disease does not care, who it affects. Through the field of medical world history, some of the major pandemic outbreaks include but not in listed in numeric order, starting with smallpox in the years 165 to 180 AD?"
"The smallpox pandemic, within the 20th Century, killed 500 million people, until the introduction of the Salk vaccine in the year 1995." The Alabama medical physician nodded with a smile to the three CDC medical physicians as the governor and Marvis turned and stared at Alabama government employee.
Quaid turned and smiled at the unnamed Alabama public heath medical physician. "Plague of Cyprian in the years 251 to 266 A.D. and Plague of Justinian in year in the 541 A.D."
She smiled back at the CDC medical physician. "The Plague of Justinian in the year 541 A.D. lead to the Bubonic plague which wiped out half of the population of Europe at 25 million people in one solar year."
He said. "Black Death occurred in the 1300s."
She stated. "The Black Plague stretched from the continent of Asia through the continent of Europe, killing 75 million people, in the years 1347 to 1353. The Black Death was a pandemic of both the bubonic and pneumonic plagues that was carried on board a sailing vessel named the Levant, which reached the city of Provence, in the year 1347, and killed almost all of the people in the country of France, by the year 1348. Then, the Black Death faded out in the year 1350 and started up again the year 1351 continuing to the year 1353."
He said, "HIV-1 virus or AIDS, since the 1980s, is a global pandemic. The typhus pandemic occurred in the years 1501 through 1587."
She stated. "HIV-1 virus comes from non-human primates or monkeys. The first HIV pandemic occurred around the year 1920 in the capital city of Kinshasa, within the Democratic Republic of the Congo of Africa. AIDS which is caused by a human immunodeficiency virus was first recognized in the year 1981 and by the year 2009 has killed 30 million people."
"The cholera pandemic occurrence, in the years 1899 through 1923 and the years 1816 to 1826 and the years 1863 to 1875 and in the 1960s."
She smiled. "The first cholera pandemic occurred in the years 1816 to 1824 and extended from the country India towards the foreign country of Indonesia towards Russia, killing over 40 million."
"Spanish Flu occurred in the years 1918 to 1920?"
She said, "The Spanish Influenza pandemic, in the year 1918, killed over 50 million people in one calendar year, including 675,00 Americans."
"The Bubonic Plague occurred in the year 1855."
She stated. "A human life force can become infected when handling tissue or body fluids from a plague-infected animal. A hunter skinning the fur off a rabbit, without using proper precautions, can become infected with the plague bacteria. This is one type of exposure that causes bubonic plague or septicemic plague, when the infectious blood droplets lands down inside a tiny open wound on the hunter. Also, the bubonic plague can kill you in other ways. When the plague bacterium germs enter the human, the bacterium germs do not carry around their destructive cells that invade the human but uses all the other resources coming from the human cells which destroys the human body. Bubonic plague is a protracted war with your human cells over the mineral rights to your own chemical body."
"Swine Influenza pandemic occurred in the year 2009 and 2018 and Influenza virus came in the following years from 1889 to 1892; 1732 to 1733; 1775 to 1776; 1857 to 1859, and 1847 to 1848."
She stated. "An influenza pandemic occurs, when a new influenza A virus emerges, then infects people easily and spreads from person to person quickly. However, the USA is currently not experiencing an influenza pandemic. And the tuberculosis virus is a current pandemic that kills over 1.5 million people per solar year and is not stopping as the medical treatment for tuberculosis currently resists all efforts to save lives and reverse the progress of the pandemic."
Dr. Ianthe stood upright from the padded chair and waved both of her covered arms in the air, shouting at the two arguing medical physicians, "Right now, it does matter if the medical term is epidemic or outbreak or pandemic. Currently, an unknown and unidentified disease started out in a small localized region with a limited number of infected people. Each public health department started seeing a rise in the number of infected and started typing out all of the new information in the patient's medical record. Then, all of that medical record information flowed into the CDC office in Atlanta, Georgia. The medical analysts started summarizing the new information which indicated a new epidemic coming from an unnamed and unknown disease," she sat down and viewed the governor. "When an epidemic disease is discovered, each affected sick patient will receive proper medical care, proper clinical treatment, and the correct vaccination all at the right time that prevents an epidemic outbreak from becoming a pandemic disease. Since, each pandemic disease threats all human life forms. Over the years, new diseases have been discovered, such like, swine influenza strand, which never stops spreading from person to person and does not have a magical potion for saving the sick patient. The key word here is occurrence, occurring all the time. This new epidemic event is a disease that is actively occurring and spreading throughout the land and affecting each healthy person," she sat down and stared at the governor.
The governor stood upright from the padded chair and waved both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud with worry. "What does all of your terrible historical information have to do with me and my state?" She sat down and sneered at the lead CDC medical physician.
Ianthe nodded to the governor, "Right here and right now, there has been an outbreak of a contagious disease that is spreading rapidly throughout the State of Alabama and affecting many individuals, at the same time, in the same geographical region," She spun around in the chair and pointed at the map on the white board. "The white board map of Alabama has been updated by my staff members. Each yellow marker indicates an infected sick patient in a hospital setting. Each green marker indicates an infected sick patient that has visited the medical physician's office and is at home suffering through this unnamed and unknown clinical disease. Each red marker indicates a dead patient that died in the hospital or in the physician's office or at home."
Each pair of eyeballs turned and stared at the colorful markers on the white board Alabama map. Yellow markers stood starting in northwestern country of the map in the city of Florence moving across the state to the northeastern city of Scottsboro, moving down through the city of Birmingham, going south to the city of Montgomery and finally hitting both the city of Mobile and the city of Dothan within the State of Alabama. The governor and Marvis, both turned to face the white board map and gasped in shock at the numerous colorful markers all over the board.
Dr. Iantha did not turn around to view the map and continued to lecture to the state employees of Alabama. "This unnamed and unknown disease is a deadly threat for each sick patient. Each disease is spread by partial or direct contact with the infected first patient, through various medias including water or food or sneezes or coughs or mouth saliva or body fluids or other ways."
The Alabama public health medical physician lifted her palm near her smile. "Do you know that more medical deaths than you realize are caused by medical error from medical staff members in the hospital setting?"
"What!" The governor turned with a worried brow and stared at her state employee, "What does that statement mean for me and my state?"
Dr. Iantha sneered at the Alabama public health medical physician. "This is not a medical error inside a hospital or a physician's office. This is an outbreak of an unnamed and unknown disease."
"Then give each patient some CDB medical marijuana and all will be fine and dandy again," she laughed.
"Patient zero! You're looking for patient zero," Marvis returned back with a smile and pointed with a nod to the CDC physician, slapping her chest. "I watch and learn from each Hollywood television entertainment program and every Hollywood movie film."
She nodded. "Yes, we need to find patient zero."
The Alabama public health medical physician grinned. "So, I give up. Where is patient zero hiding?"
Dr. Iantha viewed each state employee and exhaled with worry, "Based on the current medical record information, the earliest stage for this unnamed and unknown disease occurred infrequently acting like a sporadic occurrence, affecting a several healthy people. Then small clusters of sick patients started occurring in large numbers of healthy patients. Then, the unnamed and unknown disease started moving quickly spreading into the larger geographical populations, creating an endemic occurrence. The hyperendemic pathway of the unnamed and unknown disease persistently swallows up more healthy patients and has created an outbreak that is ravaging the State of Alabama in the map behind my collar bone. However, an outbreak is hitting the rest of the USA." She snapped her fingers.
Dr. Unice whipped her personal mobile telephone and typed on the tiny keyboard, placing the object down on top of the hard surface, sliding her phone to the Alabama public health medical physician.
The public health medical physician caught the sliding phone and studied the screen without gasping in shock, asking questions. "This is indeed an outbreak." He slid the phone towards the governor, who caught the object, studying the screen and gasped in shock. The public health medical physician nodded to Dr. Unice. "Could the unnamed and unknown virus really be an infectious parasite, such like, Plasmodium or Schistosoma? Either one of these two parasites cause hepatitis in a sick patient, but it is not contagious going from person to person."
Dr. Quaid shook his yellow tinted skull cap and continued to wear the face mask, "Hepatitis germs, that are caused from alcohol poisoning or medications or toxins, are not transmitted from one person to another person. In this new pandemic outbreak, the epidemic outbreak began in place and then quickly spread to another geographical place, infecting many, many people, which is known as a pandemic. As we as know, proper hygiene life style will keep away the bad germs. Preventive vaccines will improve the immunity system of the human body. Both of these methods should keep the average American safe and sound from infections. However, it is rare to find a healthy person after the age of sixty years old."
"I beg your pardon!" The governor slapped her chest and nodded with a stern face to Dr. Quaid. "I am 63 years old and the second female governor for the great State of Alabama. I am very healthy and active and alive, not dead and buried, yet. I disagree with that statement, medical doctor."
Dr. Quaid shook his yellow tinted skull cap and stared at the governor. "I am pointing out that a new unnamed and unknown virus will affect the weak ones, including infant babies, and the elderly ones, including senior citizens, who are not as healthy as the second female governor from Alabama. Thus, the CDC representatives are here to find patient zero. And figure out, why patient zero became sick, when patient zero became sick and where patient zero became zero?"
The Alabama public health medical physician nodded. "That is quite a challenge for the CDC physicians, since the unnamed and unknown new disease could be related to air pollution," she coughed with a smile. "Or the new unnamed and unknown disease could be simply a contaminated food source or world-wide globe warming of the air and soil and seas or just another seasonal influenza season," she laughed again. "Or there is a rise in hepatitis B virus. Is that the mysterious date for each sick patient?" She chuckled.
Dr. Quaid frowned. "The hepatitis B virus infection occurs in the country of Uganda, where it is transmitted in childhood. So far, 1.4 million adults carry the hepatitis B virus throughout the world. And if babies were given vaccines, then the virus would be eradicated.'
The public health medical physician smiled, "That's my point! This unnamed and unknown disease is a virus gone wild, which will peak during the winter weather and then fall away in the springtime from the healthier population."
Dr. Ianthe sneered at the arrogant physician. "Here, in the State of Alabama, forty percent of the people population is infected with this unnamed and unknown disease or virus or sickness. We do not have any answers to our numerous questions. However, based on all electronic information flowing into our computer system, patient zero started here in the city of Montgomery."
"What!" The governor gasped in shock.
The public health medical physician laughed and shook her curls. "That's impossible. How did your CDC computer system come to that conclusion?"
Dr. Ianthe nodded. "All of our information, based on the new US Federal Government law, required each person to provide a vial of blood proteins and then store the sample in a tiny blood kit, which was sent to the new USA Biorepository Laboratory in Washington D.C. The biorepository identified the city of Montgomery as the sporadic outbreak first, before any other cities throughout the USA."
"What!" The governor gasped in shock.
The female public health medical physician pointed at Dr. Ianthe. "Now, that's a great example of government waste and governmental abuse and governmental misinformation. And I can explain the variance."
Dr. Quaid gasped in shock. "What are you saying? What does that statement mean?"
She nodded. "The new USA Federal Government law required each blood kit from every physician's office and each medical hospital's phlebotomy department to send the prepared blood kit to Washington D.C. However, our brilliant physicians and hospital administrators sent thousands upon thousands of prepared blood kits here to the Alabama State Capital Building instead. Then, we have to send out a massive pile of tiny cardboards boxes of blood kits to Washington D.C. I am afraid this is all a false flag for you and us. The end!"
Dr. Unice gasped in shock. "That's impossible. We have the electronic information on our computer system."
"That is the truth." She nodded with a smile. "So, there is not a pandemic or epidemic or outbreak occurring here within the great State of Alabama. The computer got it wrong." The governor nodded with a smile to the three CDC medical physicians. Marvis signed with relief and looked down, typing out the notes for the meeting.
Dr. Ianthe grinned at the public health medical physician. "Let me ask you one question!"
"I am ready." She nodded with a smile.
"Where are your fellow state employees? Let me address my question for you. Upon my arrival at seven o'clock this morning, I noticed that numerous state employees were missing today as the empty hallways were quiet. They are at home sick in bed. Some sick employees will go to their personal physician and then the physician will tell them to go back home as he or she does not know how to treat this new unnamed and unknown disease. Right now, every medical hospital is on lock-down, because there are not any more beds for another sick patient. The city hospitals are sending sick patients throughout the country to the rural hospitals, which are overwhelmed with their own sick patients. And the overwhelmed rural hospitals are placing sick patients in the hallways and on the floor. This is a nightmare medical pattern throughout the State of Alabama. Yes, the CDC relies upon a computer system plus visitations to the local medical centers also. All of the blood kits were received at the USA Biorepository Laboratory in Washington D.C. and recorded from the proper geographical address which was not the Alabama State Capital Building. However, after the massive shipment of 999,000 individual blood kits arrived in Washington D.C., a set of new blood kits started arriving at the Laboratory building and were recorded in the smart computer system while indicating a spike in sick patients with a new unnamed and unknown disease illness here within the city of Montgomery. The CDC has a team of forty-four people. The CDC teams have been here for two days and nights exploring each medical hospital and every physician office trying to find an answer. However, we have been puzzled and confused with the answer."
"But, now, we know the answer." Dr. Quaid nodded to the public health medical physician.
The governor gasped in alarm. "What is the answer? I'm very confused here. What does the answer have to do with me and your visit to the State Capital Building?"
The public health medical physician gasped in alarm. "That's impossible. Your answer is false."
Dr. Unice nodded with worry, "Our answer is true."
"Our answer is the only explanation." Dr. Ianthe nodded.
Dr. Quaid nodded with a worried brow. "Among the almost one million tiny blood kits that had lounged here on the floor and against the walls of State Capital Building, one state employee purposefully or accidentally crushed one of the tiny boxes during the move, which in turn, busted the stored blood kit, spilling the sick patient's blood proteins on the floor and upon the human hand or arm or limb, exposing the virus germs. Thus, the human hand or arm or limb or face carried fresh bloody cuts with open skin wounds. Then, the unnamed and unknown virus invaded that person's body. Then that infected body engaged and encountered for the rest of the day all of his or her co-workers. This outbreak is duplicating the Spanish Influenza strand in the year 1918, when the germs from a sick pig jumped onto a healthy human. Then the healthy human became sick and spread the virus germs around to their family members, their friends, their neighbors, and their towns people. Then each infected person greeted more healthy people, who became infected with the nasty germs from a sick pig. The same thing is happening here in the State of Alabama and throughout the USA, because of one person, who is patient zero. We need to start interviewing each state worker here at the building and uncover that person who handled the broken blood kit. And we need the address foreach sick and missing state worker here at the building. Another CDC team member will go and visit each sick and missing state worker. Then we will find patient zero. Once we find patient zero, we can isolate the nasty germs and come up with a vaccine."
The Alabama public health medical physician pointed out the window, "But the hospital wards are packed with tons of sick patients. Can't you find patient number one or two or three and grab their infected blood proteins and build a vaccine quickly trying to save more lives?"
Dr. Quaid shook his yellow tinted skull cap and continued to talk through the matching face mask, "No one is surviving this unnamed and unknown disease or virus or illness. So far, each patient is dead or too close to death for an interview, only an autopsy."
Marvis frowned, "What is the deal with patient zero?"
He nodded, "Patient Zero is the first person, who is the original carrier of the pathogen. The medical team needs to know Patient Zero's medical history and their first clinical symptoms, their geographical location, and their activity, during the sickness period, which will help the medical team determine how and when the outbreak started. The unnamed and unknown disease appears like RSV or Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infection with symptoms including a runny or stuff nose with green tinted dripping mucus, a decreased appetite, coughing, sneezing, a high fever, wheezing, a sore throat and an earache. All of these symptoms describe the common cold also. Then the two nose holes cannot exhale air molecules. The persistent cough produces gray tinted mucus. The body experiences loss of appetite, fatigue, high fever, muscle and joint aches like the influenza strand. The next step, the body starts to vomit out blood proteins and loses balance becoming dizzy and confused. Once the body is hospitalized, the sick patient continues to hemorrhage their own blood proteins, turns blue colored, and then finally dies from the internal mysterious infection. There is nothing the medical staff can do for the sick dying patient but watch in sorrow."
Dr. Ianthe clapped her hands for attention with the sad feelings and the terrible situation, slapping both of her hands down onto the hard surface with a soft thump. "Madam Governor, you need to appear on all of the television stations and announce there is a new influenza strand outbreak, not an epidemic. The CDC officials are here and responding to the matter. However, you need to give the Alabamians instructs," she whipped out her personal mobile telephone and typed in the tiny screen, sending a file to the governor. The governor's personal mobile telephone sounded with a ting after receiving a new text message. Dr. Iantha pointed at the governor's mobile telephone. "You have a new text message which is a complete file of instructors for the citizens of Alabama. Please announce the new influenza strand as soon as possible in order to save as many people as possible here in the States of Alabama, Tennessee, Mississippi, Georgia and Florida. Thank you, Madam Governor."
The governor did not touch her personal mobile telephone and nodded to Dr. Ianthe, reaching over, touching the arm on her state employee Marvis. "Marvis here will provide you the address for each absence state employee here at the Capital Building." She slowly stood upright form her chair.
Marvis swiftly stood upright from her chair and spun around, shouting out loud. "Please follow me! I will lead you to the human resources office. I do not have a complete listing of each absence employee, but I can call each department and find out who is missing from their work job, today," she exited the conference room and turned down an empty hallway feeling worry, softly sneezing out loud into the wet lady's handkerchief. The three CDC employees followed the young adult state worker and left the conference room.
The governor stood in place and sneered at the Alabama public health medical physician, who nodded in silence and left the conference room. The public health medical physician needed to organize the public health office and current state workers attacking the new unnamed and unknown disease that was killing innocent people.

At 08:31 am, the governor exhaled with worry and looked down at her mobile telephone, snatching up the object, scooting from the conference room and exited the conference room. She slowly moved down a quiet hallway and found the communication department without the aid of her staff members, who were sick at home or in the hospital or maybe dead, preparing for a news report to the people of Alabama.



One minute later?.


(90 miles north of Montgomery)
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of dull sunlight

08:32 am

Birmingham Bank location
Second floor level
Private office setting


Jasper slowly left her house then carefully drove her car through the empty streets of Birmingham, arriving on the second floor of the parking garage, without killing the engine, sneezing on the steering column. She reached over and grabbed a new roll of toilet paper, which was used on the butthole, not the nose holes. She wiped her runny nose and breathed fresh air molecules through her parted lips, exhaling with bad nasty cold germs in the air. She shook her head of dirty hair as her body was both smelly and dirty, without bathing. Jasper didn't feel like showering, only sleeping off the bad head cold.
She slowly exited the car, without locking the automobile, padding in a ratty pants suit from the 1980s that covered her aching muscles, walking from the cold garage space, down the cold hallway into the department kitchen, preparing a cup of hot tea for her sore throat. She left the kitchen while gagging then coughing and finally sneezing, entering her private office, sitting down in the cute mint green office chair. She dropped her car fob and her mobile telephone on top of the hard desk surface She didn't have to worry about a new text message from her daughter. Her daughter and husband were sick with the nasty head cold and located at home, but the two babies were feeling better.
She slowly sipped the cup of hot tea without touching the nasty green tea then sneezed out loud feeling a tiny set of clear mucus running down one hole nose. She reached over and jerked a wad of soft toilet paper from the roll, wiping off her wet face and tossed the used tissue paper down into the trash can. She stared at the black tinted screen on one monitor, without starting her assigned work, feeling terrible and tired and weak, exhaling a set of nasty cold germs through her parted lips and inhaled fresh air molecules through her open mouth.
Jasper lowered her dizzy head and rested it on top of the hard surface. She was going to lose her good paying job and needed to be present at the office, arguing for her job with the dreaded restructure committee members. She closed her two black tinted eyelashes and breathed through her parted lips hearing a set of faint voices and heavy footfalls inside the hallway, without bothering to greet her co-workers. She felt both envy and jealousy being selected to lose her working job and patiently waited for the restructure team members.

At 10:10 am, she lifted her head from the hard desk surface and coughed out loud spreading her contagious germs in the fresh air molecules, peeking through the empty slit between the two computer monitors without seeing a person. The restructure team members must be very busy. She lowered her dizzy head and breathed out a set of nasty germs through her chapped parted lips, closing her two eyelashes, taking a short nap until the unwelcomed guests arrived in her office setting.

At 01:01 pm, her two eardrums heard the loud noises. She lifted her head and coughed out loud, staring at the open archway without seeing a person. She exhaled in pain and lowered her head again, closing her two eyelashes enjoying the restful sleep until the arrival of the unwelcomed guests.

At 02:32 pm, she lifted up her head and exhaled with annoyance, staring through the open archway, seeing only the ugly paint on the exterior hallway. She had not received the doomed visit from the bank's restructure committee members today. The day was done for her, though, without completing one ounce of productive work as she was going to become unemployed at the bank today or tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, before the end of the work week or the holiday event. She slowly stood upright from her padded chair and wiped off her dirty face with a wad of clean toilet paper, straightening the tunic on her ancient pants suit, slowly exiting her office, moving down an empty hallway. She didn't bother to spy on any of her co-workers. They were gone home crying or they were there working.

At 02:38 pm, Jasper exited the building and slowly moved back into her personal automobile, sneezing over the nasty steering column again, wiping off her wet face. She started her car and accidentally hit the radio button with her slow hand and terrible headache activating the radio station.
"This is your governor for the State of Alabama. I had a special attention?"
Jasper reached over and cut off the sound, moaning with her dizzy head, slowly driving to her daughter's house, sneezing out loud. She reached over and grabbed a wad of toilet paper, wiping off the clear snot from one nose hole then dropped the dirty item down onto the dirty floor mat.



Twenty minutes later?

At 02:58 pm, Jasper pulled into the circular driveway and stopped in front of the last car garage door of four. Usually, the garage door was open for her arrival. However, her daughter and family members had been sick with a head cold for five days and Jasper had not seen her two grandbabies for three days, which was far too long without hugging her precious two grandchildren. 
The garage door opened. 
She pulled her old car into the concrete space, without killing the engine, exhaling a string of sour nasty germs in the fresh air, inhaling through her parted lips and cut off the motor. She continued to sit inside the driver's seat while feeling better from her head cold. Then her girly emotions became sad and worried. Jasper was losing her good paying job and could not pay her monthly invoices without her monthly salary dollars. She was very worried and did not want to worry her daughter, right now. 
Her daughter had been through a terrible time with both babies sick and her husband sick as he missed his working job.
Jasper softly chuckled with amusement inside the car cockpit. She did not miss a day of work with her sickness and probably infected numerous co-workers with her contagious nasty germs. She didn't care, at the moment. The bank management was firing numerous hard-working employees saving profit monies for their annual holiday bonuses.
She would think about her sorry life tomorrow and use the bank's services while looking for another work job, without telling her daughter the bad news.
Jasper exhaled out a string of sour nasty germs and opened the car door and slid off the seat, limping towards the closed garage door, exhaling out a set of nasty cold germs. She opened the garage door and stood in the archway, looking down the long corridor, hearing the laughter sound from each baby. Her daughter was singing to her two children, which was working beautifully.
Jasper slowly padded into the house and moved down the long corridor, turning the wall corner and spotted her daughter. Her daughter sat on the floor and held the youngest baby in one arm and cuddled the older baby on her rib cage, looking up with a smile and a runny nose, wiping her nose with a wad of clean nose tissue. The gigantic television screen displayed an active kiddie cartoon for the oldest child, who was playing with a set of toys, not viewing the screen. A musical player loudly played a kiddie musical song that no one could hear over the blasting radio station information.
The radio station continued speaking with the voice of the governor. "During this temporary emergency crisis, there are numerous steps that is realized by the CDC government agency that will keep you and your family save and sound. Get extra cash money. Hoard soap. Buy bottled water. Purchase dried grains like pasta and rice. Procure non-perishable proteins such like, dried beans packs and peanut butter jars of protein and canned beans. Stock up on canned fruits and vegetables, such like, green beans and pineapple slices. Find your First Aid Kit and check for functioning thermometer and pain relievers, while fighting off any early flu symptoms. Fin your flashlight and check the batteries, before the house goes dark. Test your portable radio devise for the latest newscast and implant a set of new batteries also. Make an emergency contact list with names, street addresses and telephone numbers on a sheet of paper type or hand-written, since your personal mobile telephone will not work without a current to active electricity. Stash away extra prescriptions for your person, your family members and your pets which can last for three months. Buy a face mask and use it on the sick patients first. That will save your healthy live foreverly. Know the work and school emergency plans and do it, too it. Practice the basic prevention steps including the following advice. Stay away from sick individuals. Stay at home, if you are sick. Cover your mouth, when you cough out loud. Wash your hands. Do not touch your face or nostrils or eyeballs. Stay healthy by getting plenty of sleep, drinking lots of water, eating well, and exercising. If you need more information, please to the Alabama ready to go website and review all of these steps for a crisis emergency, prepare for the worse for you and your family. I wish all of Alabamians great luck and good health. Good?"
On top of the throw rug, her daughter smiled at her mother. "Stop talking, radio!" The radio announced stopped which did not produce a quiet room. Her daughter yelled over the noise and waved to her mother, "Hi, Mom! Come over here and join our fun party!"
"What was that information on the radio? I didn't hear it." Jasper continued to stand and stared down with a stern face at her daughter. "I don't know, sweetheart. I still am coughing and sneezing from my bad head cold.  I don't wanna infect my two grandbabies."
"I don't know what the radio station was playing either. Don't fret, Mom! My two babies are well and fine today. They can't catch the same head cold that they gave you. Come over here and play dump trucks with my baby boy! My hubby went back to work today, after missing a couple days of work, this week, like the rest of the nation. I can't believe he became sick last week, the day before our special Halloween holiday. He had driven down to the capital city of Montgomery and had lunch with one of his old college roommates, who was a freshman senator. Then he came back home feeling fine. The next day he started coughing and wheezing and sneezing getting you and me and both of my babies sick. But he didn't mean too. Now, he feels much better, this morning, and has gone back to work. We had been down and out during the non-fun weekend on Friday night, Saturday and Sunday afternoon. We were the only two people sick and stuck inside an overcrowded room with hundreds of annoying adults. Then, we came back home and crashed down in our bed mattress, lounging around, eating fever pills, drinking lots of fruit juices for the past two days. Then, voila! We both felt much better today like that nasty virus finally exited out from each one of our bodies. My two babies still have a runny hole but no fever or coughs. You did a great taking care of them, Mom. Thank you, Mom!" She slowly stood upright and wore a pair of ratty sweat pants and a matching tee shirt with a college name, handing the cooing baby to her mother, ignoring the other kid, who played with his toys on the floor. Jasper accepted the baby and smiled down at the happy face of the infant with her granny love. Her daughter leaned over and gently hugged her mother and the baby, pulling back with a smile. "I love you, Mom! I can't enjoy my life, without you."
Jasper looked up and smiled. "I love you, too, sweetheart."
She spun around with a smile and moved ahead into the kitchen setting, "Let's eat! I'm starving to death, after not eating solid food items for five days and nights. Are you going to stay for the supper meal, Mom?"
Jasper slowly spun around and rocked the baby. "Yes, I will stay for the dinner meal, honey. However, I still have a runny nose and a dizzy headache."
She pointed down at the breakfast table, "You need to eat, Mom!  I know you very well. You did not eat food items, only sleep on your bed mattress. Sit down with the baby, I'm prepare you a sandwich. My hubby will be home earlier today also. He said that lots of workers at his office was absence feeling sick. He was glad that the sick people didn't come into work and contaminate all of the healthy people."

At 10:10 pm, Jasper ate the evening meal with her family members and decided to stay the evening, sleeping in the guest bedroom.



Two days later?


Friday, November 8th


City of Montgomery within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight

   (90 miles south from Birmingham)

Alabama State Capital building setting
Conference room location
09:09 am


In the cold air temperatures on a dull day of gray colored clouds, a dirty silver tinted government-issued limousine slowly steered down the two-lane road, carefully turning from the side planter wall and stopped parallel with the vanilla colored sideway. A new chauffeur driver did not kill the engine on the car, opened the door, and slid off the driver's seat, standing upright on top of the hard pavement, straightened the hat over both of his naked earlobes. He scooted ahead and stopped, reaching down, opening the door with a smile. The governor shuffled from the leather seat and stood upright, standing on top of the sidewalk. "Thank you, Kaleb!"
The young adult male frowned at her back spine. "My name is Kale. Kaleb died two days ago."
"Yes, that is correct," she slowly moved ahead with her sad feelings and quickly recalled her devoted limousine driver, carefully climbing each step, arriving on the front porch, which was empty without the pair of honor guards also. They had passed away from being infected with the unnamed and unknown disease too. She stopped and sneezed out, wiping off her wet face with the cloth, reaching out, opening the heavy door, exhaling with a fit of coughs, slipping though the small cracked slot and stood inside the semi-warm lobby space. The building was quiet, not noisy like usual. So far, from the 4.9 million residents here in Alabama over one million people had died from the unnamed and unknown disease.
She slowly padded up each step breathing in a heavy breath then stopped, sneezing out loud, wiping her wet face with the wet lady's handkerchief, slowly climbing the spiral staircase to the third floor. She continued ahead and halted in front of the open archway into the kitchen setting, not seeing any working state employees, exhaling with annoyance. She entered the kitchen and prepared a cup of hot green tinted tea for her sore throat while coughing out loud then sneezing up the snot mucus from her sore throat. She slowly spun around and padded down the long corridor searching for state employees, finding a few individuals, who greeted her with a smile and then a sneeze of snot mucus. She continued to shuffle around the third hallway then returned back to her office, entering through the archway and stopped, gasping in alarm. "Marvis!"
Marvis sneezed out loud without nodding her aching head, wiping her wet face, saying in a weak voice. "Yes, ma'am."
"Marvis, it is good to see you here. What are my duties for the day?" She slowly padded into the outer room with a fake smile then sneezed, continuing her pathway into her office.
Marvis slowly spun around without making her head dizzy. "Well, there are not any new or old duties for the day, Madam Governor. I have scurried around the entire building this morning and I have not found many congressmen and women. The majority of the elected representatives, which is close to 99.99 percent, are feeling sickly also or they are located at home with sick relatives. And the rest of the state employees missing are home sick or?" her voice trailed off and as her internal emotions felt sadness for the numerous deaths coming from the still unnamed and unknown sickness that was ravaging the State of Alabama and the USA. "So, the current duties are not being filled this morning."
She stopped and stood behind her office desk which was stacked with short stacks of papers that needed attention, sitting down, flipping her hand near her runny nose and spoke with a funny voice. "Please continue to monitor the delicate situation, Marvis. And please, let me know, if the delicate situation changes."
"Changes into what, Madam Governor?" Marvis sneezed again.
"Changing into another situation, that I need to know about," she frowned at the scared female and continued to study each short stack of papers. "Please go and continue your state duties, Marvis!"
Marvis spun around and left the office setting, shuffling around an empty hallway, returning back to her office and monitored the delicate situation by reading her computer, reading her personal mobile telephone and listening to the numerous voice messages on her business phone.



Ten minutes later?

(90 miles north of Montgomery)
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of dull sunlight

09:19 am

Birmingham Bank location
Second floor level
Private office setting


Jasper performed her usual work routine like a trained animal in the circus and arrived at her office desk, sliding down into the new chair fabric, sipping on a cup of hot green tinted tea. She frowned at the nasty taste which was a good sign that her nasty head cold was draining from her healthy body. She started at the two black-tinted monitor screens on her business computer, without lifting a finger to the computer keyboard. She didn't feel like working on her assigned broken computer program, when the restructure committee members were due to arrive in her office setting today.
The restructure committee members had not visited with Jasper during the work week, but they had been very busy. During the slow walk from the garage space, down the hallway, into her office, Jasper spied inside each open doorway not seeing a bank employee.
Inside her office, she exhaled with sadness then coughed out loud from her lingering head cold. These poor bank employees had been terminated this week and were home looking for a job.
A racket sounded in the hallway coming closer to her office setting.

This is it!

Jasper slowly stood upright from the mint green chair cushion and stared at the open archway, wrapping a new wad of toilet paper around her hand. Her lingering head cold caused the throat snort mucus to drain from her two nose holes, which didn't bother Jasper as it only tickled her face, but it was a disgusting image for another human.
The racket was a person, who stopped and stood inside the archway, sneezing first, then coughing second and finally croaked out loud. "Thank goodness! Jasper, I'll so glad to see you here at the office." The division head of the IT department didn't smile but posed with a stern face, wiping his wet face with the wad of nose tissue. "Come quickly! Follow me! I need help!" He spun around and dashed down the empty hallway.
Jasper gasped in worry and reached down, grabbing the new roll of toilet paper for her runny nose, exiting her office. She dashed down the same hallway and followed his back spine while her random mind thoughts were both active and confused.
He turned the wall corner and headed down the long hallway into the computer room, holding the door open for Jasper. Jasper was only a computer programmer and her bank badge did not have access inside the computer room that held all of the computer mainframe equipment pieces, towers, and numerous computer applications that run the entire banking system, including the payroll for employees, the accounts payable for bills, and the bank deposit machines for dispensing monies to bank customers.
She entered the room and stopped a few feet from the archway. He released the door and passed jasper moving into the internal of the cold room. 
A computer laptop can operate between the air temperatures of 50 degrees Fahrenheit and 95 degrees Fahrenheit. If the room is too hot, then the air cannot enter the computer and keep the machine temperature from rising too high. If the room is too cold, then moisture will enter the machine and cause internal condensation and water damage ruining the electrical components in the computer laptop.
The mainframe computer room is very cold, because the machine equipment heats up, where there is a cooling unit inside the computer room, so electronic data can be stored on the hard drives and sever grids, which definitely does not want sever grids to overheat and lose all of the bank customer money accounts.
He stopped and pointed at the one of the taller towers that displayed physical hard drives. "This is the mainframe for the payroll. The employees need to be pay today. Do you know how to run the computer architecture application?"
She stared at the tower, "Ugh!"
"It doesn't matter! You're a computer programmer with a computer degree. You did this stuff back in college," he smiled and pointed down to a paper manual on top of the table a few feet from the tower, "Read the manual and get it working?"
What about your speech and the restructure committee members?"
Forget about the committee. The committee is gone. This is a real crisis. This unnamed and unknown illness has affected and infected numerous, numerous healthy employees throughout the bank company, into sick patients at home or in the hospital. Here, in the IT department, fourteen of us showed for work, completing the IT work for the day. I need you to figure out how to start the payroll system. Everything is automatic now days. Thank goodness for that! Can you do it, Jasper?"
Jasper gasped in shock. She was not going to become unemployed and was needed for other computer work assignment. She nodded with a smile to the worried director, "Yes, sir! I had studied all of this in college. I can figure it out and get the payroll checks processed. Then the electronic payroll checks will be downloaded into each employee bank account."
He smiled with a several nods of his bone skull. "Excellent! You understand the procedure. I must go and work on the accounts payable application and pay all of our outstanding invoices and bills, before the bank gets shut down. If you need help, yell for me. We are the team now. Call me if you need anything!" He spun around and literally raced across eh large room to the next employee, giving out his order.
Jasper clapped for a second and continued to smile with relief. She was not losing her bank job and was needed at the bank, looking down, reading the first step in the paper manual. As long as she followed and completed each step in the manual for the payroll cycle, the paychecks would process paying each bank employee. Then she would keep her new job and her paycheck. She started her work.

At 07:07, Jasper was driving in her tiny subcompact car towards her daughter's house, after leaving an exciting day at the bank building. She worked later than her normal working house and continued to help in the IT department running various computer applications while receiving overtime pay. The director was paying all of the fourteen employees more money to continue the work. Jasper didn't' mind. She didn't have a set of crying kids or whiny teenagers or annoying college students that needed her attention.
 
Been there, done that!

Jasper danced in the seat and sung out loud with her make-up musical tune feeling both joy and happiness, since the bad news of unemployment on Monday morning. And she had learned of the terrible unnamed and unknown illness that was attacking numerous individuals, who were either sick or dying or dead.
She pulled into the driveway and entered the open garage, parking her car, sneezing out loud with a tiny cough, wiping off her wet face. She opened the car door and slid out, slamming the metal shut, entering into the warm house. The children were laughing and happy. Her daughter was cooking the home-made supper meal. Her husband was home playing with his two babies. Ending a fun and full day and night with both joy and happiness.

At 10:10 pm, Jasper left the house and went back to her home, preparing for her bedtime ritual, feeling exhausted from her active day and some excitement for the upcoming weekend, where she would work at the bank for more overtime pay.



Two days later?


Monday, November 11th


City of Montgomery within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight

   (90 miles south from Birmingham)

Alabama State Capital building setting
Conference room location
10:10 am


In the cold air temperatures on a dull day of gray colored clouds, a dirty silver tinted luxury sedan slowly steered down the two-lane road, carefully turning from the side planter wall and stopped parallel with the vanilla colored sideway and killed the engine. The driver's door opened and revealed the governor. She slid off the seat and stood upright on top of the hard, cold pavement.
Her assigned new chauffeur driver did not show up at her residential house this morning. She would report his work absence to the head of the human resources department for neglect.
The governor straightened the fur coat and her fur hat over hair gray-tinted hair roots, scooting around the parked vehicle. Her vehicle could lounge here for the day as she was the governor of the state. She slowly moved ahead and carefully climbed each marble step and reached the front faade, entering the cold lobby space, without hearing any sound. As she stomped each marble step, the governor felt the cold molecules in the air like the building heated had been started. She reached the third floor level, padded towards her office setting, then stopped inside the archway, gasping in alarm. She clustered her chest and inhaled a gulp of air molecules.
In the middle of the room, a row of three individuals stood, wearing a white colored set of surgical scrubs with a matching skull cap, a face mask, a pair of gloves, and a pair of booties over each shoe sole.
She dropped her arm and sneered at the three individuals in ghostly white hue. "You give me heart attack. You, three appear like a row of ghosts. Who are you? What are you doing here inside my office?"
The first ghostly figure in the white tinted surgical gear spoke through the face mask, saying without emotions, "Well, you're lucky here, Madam Governor. We are three medical physicians and representatives from the CDC office in Atlanta, Georgia." He chuckled with other two physicians.
She frowned. "Finally, I placed a call for your update last week, Dr. Ianthe. What is happening to my state, Dr. Unice? Did you find patient zero, Dr. Quaid?"
The first medical physician slapped his chest. "I am not Dr. Ianthe. I know Dr. Ianthe. Now, she is dead from the unnamed and unknown sickness that is ravaging the nation." The governor slapped her hand over her parted lips, gasping in shock.
The second medical physician slapped his chest. "I am not Dr. Unice. I know Dr. Unice. She is dead from the same unnamed and unknown sickness that is ravaging the nation."
The third medical physician slapped his chest. "I am not Dr. Quaid. I know Dr. Quaid. He is dead also."
The governor dropped her hand nodded in respect to three new medical physicians from the CDC office and shouted out loud into the empty hallway where her words echoed through the corridor, "Marvin! Marvin, could you please come inside?"
"Marvis is dead. We arrived at seven in the morning and surveyed the building, which does not have any heat. I do believe that you are the only state employee here inside the building, Madam Governor. Marvis came here first and then died at her desk from her sickness," the third unnamed medical physician told the new information through his face mask.
The governor slapped her hand over her parted lips, gasping in shock, speaking through her fingers, "Poor Marvin! What is the situation here in my state?'
The second medical physician nodded and spoke through the face mask. "The current situation is poor and worser than last week. The first CDC team thoroughly interviewed each state employee and their family members, at their house, who were alive and semi-healthy. Most of the state employee are dead or dying. The first team concluded, before they died from the unnamed and unknown sickness, that no blood kit had been busted here inside the State Capital Building."
The governor dropped her hand and gasped in shock. "What! That is impossible. The first carrier of the sickness came from here. The first CDC team told me that statement. Someone broke the blood kit and then the blood landed on their hand and contaminated their blood and has caused every employee and their family members to become sick or death."
The second physician continued speaking through his ghostly face mask, "That is possible the first CDC team also back traced and interviewed people at each physician office and the medical hospital, who had accidentally misread the instructions and send their shipment packages here to the State Capital Building. No blood kit box was missing or absence from the inventory stores, when it was verified by the USA Biorepository Laboratory in Washington D.C. Thus, patient zero did not come from one of the state employees. And the first CDC team went ahead and investigated each US postal worker that handled all of the boxes with the blood kits also, where some of the employees were not sick during the interview, but later some of them contracted the unnamed and unknown sickness from another source and then died. Thus, we do not have a patient zero, yet."
The third physician laughed out loud and smile through his face mask. "Where is the missing patient negative one?" He chuckled with the two physicians.
She frowned. "What does that mean? What is a patient negative one? I have never heard of that term."
He nodded with face mask. "On the math scale, the number zero represents none. A negative one goes backwards from a position math number which represents a negative event. So, a patient negative one is a negative person or a non-existence person or a ghostly person." 
She exhaled with annoyance and coughed out loud, "Well, what is the next step? I have been monitoring the dreadful situation. Millions of people are becoming infected with a string of common head cold symptoms and then eventually die, without aid from modern day medications. How can the CDC office and medical staff members continue the slaughter of millions of Americans?"
The first medical physician sneered through the face mask and slapped his chest, waving both of his arms in the air. "This is not our fault or our responsibility. The medical researchers are working on an antidote or antiserum or a vaccination for the sick patients. Well, the ones still alive and kicking. This unnamed and unknown sickness runs rapidly through a healthy person turning the sick patient into a death body. There are so many dead bodies that each dead body is not properly buried, only tossed down into a long and wide and open group gravesite at the front of a long and wide shovel on a rolling machine."
She nodded with a stern face. "I know all of that current information. I watch the news on the television screen, my personal mobile telephone, and listen to the news on the radio devise. What is the next step here? How does the USA Federal Government plan to save the Americans?"
The third medical physician shook his white tinted skull cap and spoke through his face mask. "Right now, if you have been listening and watching and learning from the local, state, and national news stations, the USA Federal Government is crippled without their state employees. So many deaths have occurred that the State Department is employing people from the local businesses to keep the government running. The congress is closed down, where almost all of the representatives are dead or sick or treating their sick loved ones. Right now, each American business is running on farts and fumes. Right now, the best advice is to go home, Madam Governor! The local businesses are running without government interference. The state government and federal government agencies have shut down. The president is still alive and kicking at the elderly age of 73 years old along with his some of family members and some of his semi-sick but not dead cabinet members, who dare to come to work. Thus, the country is still operating. The hospital beds are overflowing with sick people that eventually die and open the bed for another dead soul. Go home, Madam Governor! Society is running along, without the aid of Almighty God or Mother Nature," he laughed with the two other physicians. "The bestest news for all Americans, dead or alive," he laughed, "?the USA military might is mighty and military. Most of the alive and breathing individuals with a gun has volunteered for the new USA military service, protecting our land and our borders with deadly force. If one live or sick person crosses any border around the great United States of America, that person becomes a dead person. No questions asked. We do not know where the unnamed and unknown sickness came from, and at this rate, we may never know the entire demon tale. So, go home, Madam Governor! Your person is still alive and breathing. Thus, your home does not house this unnamed and unknown sickness or virus or illness, so you should go home and get outta of this cold building. There are numerous field teams traveling around the nation surveying the number of alive, not dead. The dead is being taken care of by the local living. So, we are going and monitoring the living. Good bye, Madam governor!"
The three medical physicians moved ahead in silence and scooted around her upright body, leaving the office setting, exiting the building back into their transports finishing their work.
Inside the office setting, the governor continued to stand then started to weep with her wet rolling tears at the horrible of the current situation within the United States of America, whispering for her eardrums only. "What am I going to do? Where am I going to go? I don't have any family members. I elected to become a maiden, without children or grandchildren or a loving and devoted husband. I am alone and lonely. So, I plan to stay here and occupy my governor's office, until the end of time." She sneezed out loud and wiped her wet face, coughing out loud, slowly moving ahead, entering her empty office setting and sat down at her office chair, staring through the open archway in both worry and fear. She whipped her personal mobile telephone and plugged the charger into the outlet, swishing the screen, looking down and silently watched the terrible news stories and events and pictures unfold on the tiny screen.



Ten minutes later?

(90 miles north of Montgomery)
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of dull sunlight

10:20 am

Birmingham Bank location
Tenth floor level
Meeting setting


On the tenth floor level of golds and reds colors, Jasper sat on top of the red tinted cushion at the long square-shaped conference table still dancing sideways, wearing a smile. One of the vice presidents of the bank company was sitting at the head table and talking about the terrible news of the day, planning for the current duties for the new day.
Jasper had worked all weekend hours helping the bank company stay in business and she had been promoted from computer programmer to vice president of the IT department. The current director of the IT Department had missed his work job, his work duties, and his work day. She didn't know if he was sick or dead. There were numerous terrible news reports of deaths coming from the unnamed and unknown sickness in which the medial field of brilliant researchers could not develop a vaccine and save the dying. 
Back at the bank company, which was one of the banks still operating, Jasper participated in the daily meeting and explained what needed to be done in the IT department. Then the meeting quickly broke for the daily duty.

At 09:09 pm, at night, in the cold temperatures, Jasper finally finished her work day and drove to her daughter's house, eating a late dinner with her two grandbabies. Her work consumed the day hours with the crisis of numerous sick or dead employees and the need for money paying for food and shelter and monthly bills. Even in a world-wide emergency crisis, the water bill and the electricity power bill had to be paid by money funds for the service. Else the two companies would cut off the service to the household, which was terrible and horror, but reality.
Her bank company continued to operate successful providing money services for the rest of alive and breathing and some sick people.

At 10:10 pm, at night, Jasper started sleeping at her daughter's house visiting with her family members, leaving the house for her working job the next day.

Tuesday, November 12th


City of Montgomery within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of dull sunlight

   (90 miles south from Birmingham)

Alabama State Capital building setting
Governor's office location
12:01 pm


In the cold air temperatures on a dull day of gray colored clouds, a dirty head of gray tinted hair roots lounged on top of the empty office desk and as her two black tinted eyelashes were closed. The governor had not bothered to leave her elected position and stayed the night inside the office at the State Capital Building. She had not received any persons or emails or telephone calls during the day either. But she had wandered around the empty hallways and accidentally found the engineering room, flipping on the heater unit. The motor roamed into life and nicely heated each floor tumbling out streams of heated air making each sizzling room soar into 80 degrees Fahrenheit.
At her office desk, the governor stirred from the heated air currents and lifted up her head, blinking her two eyelashes, focusing her two eyeballs and viewed the room. The office space was filled with warm air and empty of human warm bodies. She had removed her fur coat, business suit jacket, and panty hoses, daring to stroll around in a pair of bare feet on the cooler floor tiles.
She yawned ugly then sneezed out loud, wiping her wet face, slowly standing upright from the padded chair, stretching each one of her limbs in the air, dropping down each limb and slapped her business skirt. She scooted from her office desk and padded ahead on her naked feet leaving her office space, moving down an empty, quiet hallway, entering the kitchen space. The filled upper and lower cabinets stored enough food items for an army of people that could last six months inside the State Capital building during a winter storm or a summer storm or a man-made or Mother Nature disaster. She was an army of one person and barely touched the food items. Her head cold had progressed into a pounding headache with numerous body pains and some body spasms that affected her appetite and her movements. She prepared a new cup of hot green tinted tea stirring some sugar crystal into the nasty mixture, but green tea contained natural mineral for curing the common cold. She continued to stir and viewed a set of red tinted dots in the mixture, frowning at the contaminated tea leaves, dumping the liquid down the wash sink.
She prepared a second cup of hot steaming green tinted tea and scooped up a spoonful of sugar crystal, seeing a tiny set of red tinted dots in the liquid. She dropped the spoon of sugar and stared down at the green tinted tea, when a single red tinted dot dropped down from the air waves and landed down in the cup of steaming liquid, swishing around the mixture. She gasped in alarm and looked up, reaching up, touching one of her nostrils and felt the hot tinted liquid. She gasped in alarm and slapped her hand over her nostrils, back stepping from the kitchen cabinet, spinning around and exited the kitchen space. She quickly moved down an empty quiet hallway and entered the common bathroom, stopping in front of the tall reflection mirror.
Her nostrils were bleeding out her blood proteins dropping down over her two hands, her clothes, and the floor. She exhaled with worry and coughed up red blood, spitting the nasty contents down on the floor, gagging in disgust. She looked up and gasped in alarm. Her face was colored in whiten ash and her two arm biceps started to spasm. Her two leg muscles ached with pain. She knew the issue after listening and learning about the unnamed and unknown sickness. She was infected with the same killing sickness and her body was ravaging with the deadly disease.
The governor slowly back stepped from the tall reflection mirror wearing a sad face, spinning around and left the bathroom, padding slowly down an empty, warm hallway. She started to form sweat balls on her face and arms coming from the warm air current but felt cold chills in the format of goose bumps all over her arms and legs coming from the disease inside her guts and organs on her elderly body. She entered her office space then stopped, sneezing out loud, without wiping off the blood proteins, gagging on the blood coming up from her esophagus next. 
The governor moved ahead and accepted her fate of defeat against the unnamed and unknown sickness that had killed over 278 million men, women, infants, children, teenagers, and elderly people, without aid coming from Almighty God or Mother Nature. The unnamed and unknown sickness stomped its murderous intentions through in the USA, killing over sixty percent of the recorded population.
The governor stopped and stood behind her office desk staring though the open archway, slowly sitting down on the padded hair while softly crying to Almighty God for her tormented soul. Then she gasped in alarm and whispered for her two eardrums only. "The first female governor for the State of Alabama had died during her first term in the governor's office. Now, the second female governor of the same state will receive the same fate." Her open passages exploded with streams of blood proteins flying over the hard desk surface, her soft upper body and lap, and then the hard cold floor. She lowered her dizzy headache down onto the desk top and closed her two eyelashes while pondering the last seconds of her long life force here on Planet Earth. She wondered if a human person would find her dead body, before the rats, spiders, and maggots consumed all the bones, the organs, and the flesh into nothingness.


Ten minutes later?

(90 miles north of Montgomery)
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of dull sunlight

12:10 pm

Birmingham Bank location
Tenth floor level
Conference room setting


On the tenth floor level of golds and reds colors, Jasper sat on top of the red tinted cushion at the long square-shaped conference table wearing a smile, stabbing the warm meat slice with the metal fork. It the lunchtime meal. She was very busy with keeping the business in operation and was had been promoted to the president of the bank, because the other vice presidents had called in sick with the disease or had died from the unnamed and unknown sickness.
Jasper continued to eat and reviewed the electronic information reports on the active laptop computer, completing the current problems for her work day and preparing for her next work day. She wiggled with excitement at her new bank job position and the promise of her new future at the bank company, seeing her family every night at the suppertime meal. She had read that unnamed and unknown sickness was starting to murder less healthy bodies, so the future was looking great living here in the United States of America.



THE END
