
Matilda
The Story Mat Trilogy
Book1
Written by Burt Candy

Copyright 2013 Burt Candy
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Electronic adaptation by www.StunningBooks.com




Table of Contents

STORY 1: MATILDA AND THE SECRET JEWEL

STORY 2: MATILDA AND THE ZITHIUM WAR

STORY 3: MATILDA  AND NEPTUNE'S CHEST

About the Author



STORY 1

MATILDA AND THE SECRET JEWEL


 
Chapter 1
Books, Books And More Books

To say Matilda had a strange family would be putting it mildly. Her parents, Francis and Francine Furneaux (Frank and Fran to their friends) collected books – thousands and thousands of them. Their tiny house was crowded with books. No longer was there any shelf space; books covered the floor in piles, there were books all over the kitchen table, books stacked on the beds , books stored in the oven and even books heaped up in the toilet (which meant that there was always something there to read). In short, there wasn’t a square centimetre in the house that wasn’t taken up by books. Although Matilda loved books as much as her parents did, she was too embarrassed to have her friends visit after school or during holidays – there just wasn’t enough space for them!
“We need a bigger house,” she pleaded to deaf ears.
“Mm-mm, yes dear,” was the only reply she ever received from her father, mumbling from behind the latest book he was reading.
“Do you really think so?” was her mother’s indifferent answer, continuing to bury her head in the most recent thriller.
“YES, I DO!” screamed Matilda as she ran to her bedroom, threw books to the floor and tried to bury her head in a pillow that was filled with . . . books!
It took a special event in the household before her mother and father suddenly realised that what Matilda had been saying was very true. One day they asked her to join them in the lounge room where they were each sitting, naturally, on a stack of books. They looked very serious. Matilda chose a pile of books opposite them.
“Hmm-mm,” her mother began, as if she didn’t know what to say. Then she blurted out very quickly, “I’m going to have a baby!”
“And we’re going to need a bigger house,” her father added.
“Whoo-hoo!” screamed Matilda, hearing only what her father had said and completely ignoring her mother’s news.
“There, I told you she wouldn’t be jealous of a new baby,” her mother declared to her father.
“When do we start?” asked Matilda.
“Start what?” Her mother looked confused. “The baby is already on its way.”
“No, no,” said Matilda. “When do we start looking for a new house?”
“Oh,” replied her mother, appearing hurt by Matilda’s priorities.
“I’ve already started looking,” her father interrupted. “Of course we have a problem with how much we can pay for a bigger house. This house won’t fetch a lot so we’ll have to look at older places. But I’m sure we’ll find something.”
And that’s how “The Celestial Mansion” came into their lives.  

Chapter 2
An Old New Home?

“I can’t believe it!” shouted Matilda’s father from the kitchen where he was using his laptop computer to search for houses to inspect.
“What is it?” asked Matilda as she and her mother moved across to look over his shoulder.
“This is a four-storey house with twenty rooms yet look at the price,” explained her father. “We could just manage that figure. There must be a catch.”
Matilda could feel her excitement building. Twenty rooms? Unreal. Her parents would have plenty of space for their books with tons left over for her.
“And it’s not far away, either,” said her mother. “That means Matilda wouldn’t have to change schools.”
“Let’s go and have a look,” said Matilda excitedly.
“Well, it certainly wouldn’t hurt to check it out,” said her father. “I’m sure there has to be something wrong with it but it’s worth a try. I’ll ring the estate agent now and arrange an inspection.”
In no time at all they were piling into their old, red 1975 Mazda car and heading for the address in the advertisement. The short drive took them out of town towards the coast. They finally arrived at a tall, four-storey, weather-board house perched on a cliff that dropped away to the sea below. There were no other houses around. On a ragged, weed-filled lawn a wonky sign said “The Celestial Mansion”. Not the best beginning.
The real estate agent was already there and hurried across to greet them.
“Welcome, welcome,” she gushed with a toothy smile as she shook everybody’s hand. “You certainly have an eye for a bargain. Come with me and I’ll show you around.”
The family trailed behind as she led them up to the front door. The timber cladding looked weathered and shabby and the door creaked loudly as she opened it.
“Of course the place needs a little tender loving care,” continued the real estate agent, “but the price is right. However, if you’re really interested, I’m sure the Professor would consider reducing it even further.”
“Professor?” enquired Matilda’s father.
“Yes. This house was owned by Professor Vorstein, a world-famous astronomer. Hence the name of the place,” she explained. “He built it himself out here away from the city lights – all the better to see the stars, as they say. And that probably explains why the building is so . . . shaky. Professors of Astronomy should not build homes. But I’m sure your talents can remedy that.” Then she repeated, “And the price is right.”
“Mm-mm,” was all Matilda’s father could say as he followed her around. It did not look good at all.
“Oh, yes, and another thing,” continued the agent. “The Professor has been moved into an Old People’s Home, losing his memory, you see, so he couldn’t take anything with him and decided to leave all of his artefacts for the new owners. He travelled all over the world collecting things so there are some wonderful objects left behind – all included in the price of course.”
“Wow, Daddy . . . look at this!” exclaimed Matilda as she pointed to displays around what must have been the living room. There were art works from the Orient around the walls, beautiful statues from Africa on the floor, porcelain from China, pottery from Europe.
“You have to see this,” shouted her mother from another room. They went in to see an exhibition of all things Egyptian – vases, urns, statues and figurines. Every room they entered had a new display of artefacts from different parts of the world.
“And all of this is included in the price?” asked Matilda’s father in amazement.
“Yep,” answered the agent. “Don’t ask me why. Maybe it had something to do with the old man losing his mind. Or perhaps they’re not worth anything. Who knows? I don’t ask questions, I just sell.”
The family gathered in the kitchen. Sure, the house itself left a lot to be desired and they’d need to do some work on it, but it had the space they needed, the price was right (as the agent kept reminding them) and Frank recognised that the artefacts were certainly real and worth more than the cost of the house on their own.
“We’ll take it,” Frank told the agent.
“Congratulations,” she replied, shaking his hand. “Now, if you’ll just sign the deed here.” She quickly produced a legal document and pen from her briefcase. “And here, and here, and it’ll all be done. No time like the present, eh?” Matilda’s father had signed the document before his mind registered what he had done.
“Here are the keys. If you’ll just transfer the money to this account,” said the agent, handing him a card, “you can move in any time you like. Oh, by the way, as the Professor was being wheeled out of the house to go to the Old People’s Home, he said to tell the new owners not to go up to the attic. He said it was extremely dangerous. Hope that helps. Bye.” And she hurried out the front door.
“Well,” said Matilda’s father with a sigh, “that’s that then. I hope I haven’t done the wrong thing.”
“Wrong thing?” exclaimed Matilda. “How could it be the wrong thing with all of these wonderful art things to investigate? And an attic!”
“Now steady down,” her mother interrupted. “You heard what the Professor said. No going near the attic. And that’s final.”
But Frank and Fran had raised a curious and determined daughter, and a warning was as good as a dare to Matilda.  

Chapter 3
Moving In

The family moved into “The Celestial Mansion” a week later, on Matilda’s 13th birthday as it happened, and that was another reason for her to celebrate. It took over twenty trips in their hired van just to move the collection of books but Matilda was pleased to see that they only filled eight of the twenty rooms and her father promised to build lots of shelves to hold them so that they wouldn’t crowd out everything else. And Matilda had her own bedroom away from her parents on the fourth floor. She was a very brave girl and not at all scared of being on her own.
Her mother surprised everybody now that she had her own kitchen free of books. Frank and Matilda discovered that she could cook delicious meals. No more greasy takeaways. And not having to climb over piles of books to get to the toilet was a relief. Things were definitely looking up.
However, after the excitement of moving in, their first night in their new, old house brought them back to earth again. “The Celestial Mansion” was perched on the top of a cliff, with a sheer drop to the ocean below. At night the wind blew in from the sea and the old house rocked on its foundations. With groans and creaks, it moved backwards and forwards as if it were floating on jelly. Added to the creaks and groans was the sound of waves crashing onto the rocks at the bottom of the cliff. It was creepy.
As she lay in bed that night, Matilda had to pull the blanket over her head to try to shut out the sounds. But she couldn’t do anything about the house swaying to and fro. It almost made her seasick. Everybody was bleary-eyed from lack of sleep the next morning.
“We’ll get used to it,” said Frank optimistically. “Any change takes getting used to. Why, I remember my family moving from the city to the country when I was little. For a long time I couldn’t get to sleep because everything was so quiet.”
“I’d give anything for a bit of that quiet right now,” commented Fran as she cooked up bacon and eggs.
The rest of the day was spent organising the house. Frank drove into town to buy timber for the new book shelves and Fran and Matilda dusted, vacuumed and began arranging the artefacts in each room. By the end of the day everybody was exhausted.
“A good meal, a bit of reading and an early night,” declared Fran.
“Yes,” agreed Frank, “I’ve really missed my reading.”
And so it was. Everybody was tucked up in bed by 8 o’clock that night; except for Matilda, who had other ideas.  

Chapter 4 
The Attic  

When she felt that enough time had passed for her parents to have fallen asleep, Matilda crept to the top of the stairs. She could hear her father’s loud snoring from her parents’ bedroom below. Going back to her own bedroom to collect her torch, she walked over to the staircase leading up to the attic. The wind from the ocean howled around the house as it continued to rock on its foundations. Matilda could feel her heart pounding under her nightdress as she reached for the banister. The batteries in her torch were run down so the light it offered was weak. It was scary.
Lifting her nightdress to avoid tripping over the hem and keeping a firm grip on the handrail, she took step by careful step towards the small landing at the top. The stairs creaked under her weight and the whole staircase wobbled sideways as the wind outside blasted the house. Matilda could only hope that she would make it to the top before the whole thing collapsed. Was that what Professor Vorstein had been referring to when he said the attic was dangerous?
The stairs seemed to go on forever so the last step onto the landing was a huge relief and Matilda let out a loud sigh. She was surprised to find that the door to the attic was quite small and she had to crouch down to reach its metal latch which squeaked noisily when she turned it as if it hadn’t been used for a long time. The little door opened when she pushed it with her palm. She shone her torch inside. The attic looked quite large and there were cobwebs all over the walls and ceiling. Apart from that it didn’t look at all dangerous, just another room. Taking a big breath, Matilda crawled through the opening and into the attic.
Once she was through the door, Matilda could stand up. She shone the weak torch beam around the room. Besides the cobwebs, there were strange looking boxes stacked everywhere. When she shone her torch at the ceiling, she saw that there was a bare electric light bulb hanging from the centre. At first she couldn’t find a switch on the wall but then she noticed an old-fashioned pull-cord beside the door. When she yanked on the cord a dull light filled the room.
It was amazing! The boxes were in all shapes and sizes and had different, colourful patterns printed on their sides. They looked as if they had come from far-distant and mysterious lands. There were strange hats from other cultures on hooks around the walls. Matilda presumed that they must be more artefacts from the Professor’s travels. But why weren’t they downstairs with the other collections? She walked over to the first box, pushing the cobwebs away from her face as she went.
Suddenly the room began to tilt away from her. It felt as if the whole attic was about to topple off the top of the house. Matilda fell to the floor and began to roll down the slope. She hit the far wall with a thud and several of the boxes slid down after her and trapped her legs. She was now looking up at the attic door above her and couldn’t move.
Her first thought was how angry her parents would be with her for disobeying them when, or if, they finally found her. Her next thought was how she could get out of this predicament. There were no tears, just clear thinking. Her bravery came to her aid when it was needed most.
Matilda had her arms free, which was a good sign, although the boxes were too heavy to push off her legs. And she had held onto her torch. She quickly figured out that the room must have tilted when it felt her move across the room. Maybe, just maybe, she could make it tilt back the other way; but she had to make sure she didn’t end up trapped again on the opposite wall. She looked up and saw the hooks holding the hats above her head. She reached for one of the hooks and held on tight with one hand. With the other hand she threw her torch as hard as she could up the slope. It hit the wall and then rolled back towards her. It worked! The attic began to tilt the other way.
Matilda held onto the hook for dear life as the boxes trapping her legs slipped away. Now
what was she going to do? She was hanging by the hook from the top of the slope and the open door of the attic was off to the side. Moving along the wall by gripping each hook as she went, Matilda positioned herself above the door which looked like a black hole at the bottom of the slope. She gritted her teeth and let go. With a rush she slid down towards the door. As she reached the opening she stuck out her arms and grabbed each side with her hands as her legs went through the gap.
It worked! When she sat up she noticed that the staircase outside was normal and, looking back into the attic, she saw that it was as if nothing had happened. The floor was flat, the boxes were back where they had been, and the cobwebs still hung from the walls. What was going on?
Without warning the light in the attic began blinking on and off. Then Matilda heard gentle clapping and a weird voice coming from a small speaker on the wall.
“Well done,” said the voice. “You have passed the entrance test and have nothing more to fear. You now have free entry to the attic and its treasures. Welcome. Please remember that nothing must be removed from this room without permission . . .  from ME!  

Chapter 5
The Keeper And The Protector  

And there she was. Matilda had survived some sort of test and now a voice was telling her that she had full access to everything in the attic. How strange; how exciting. She looked through the door to the attic and saw those beautiful boxes again. She had to know what was in them but did she dare go back into that room? The voice had said there was nothing more to fear. Could she trust it? After these few moments of doubt her curiosity got the better of her so she crouched down and crawled back into the attic.
She moved slowly, carefully putting one foot in front of the other, ready to jump back to the door if the room started to tilt. Nothing happened. Eventually she reached the first collection of boxes. Besides the stunning designs, they all had different and foreign writing on them. She lifted the lid of the first box. Strange, fragrant scents wafted out of it. Inside she saw an assortment of bottles with what looked like herbs and spices in them. She picked up one and read the label. “Arabus Fig Heart”, it said in English, “For curing warts”. The message seemed to be repeated in several languages on the label. As she took each bottle out Matilda saw that they all contained remedies for different health problems – allergies, colds, toothache, earache, blurry vision, sprained ankle, even broken bones. It was a magical medicine kit. She gently replaced the bottles and moved on to the next box.
She was again surprised to see hundreds of rings, bracelets, anklets and necklaces with exquisite designs. Gold, silver, sapphire blue, emerald green and ruby red shimmered in the dull light of the attic. Matilda put her hand into the box and picked up a handful of the jewellery, letting the fine chains run through her fingers. It felt wonderful. She held a particularly beautiful pendant up to her throat and dreamt of wearing it forever. She thought of taking it with her but then remembered the warning from the spooky voice and placed the pendant back in the box.
Matilda glanced at her watch. It seemed that she had been in the attic for hours and there was a chance that her parents might come up to check on her. What would they think when they found her empty bed? More importantly, what would they do when they discovered that she had disobeyed them? She looked at her watch again and received a shock. Something was wrong; the hands hadn’t moved. It still showed the time that she had entered the attic. She shook the watch and put it up to her ear. The ticking of the mechanism showed that it was still working.
“That's right,” the voice from the speaker on the wall interrupted her thoughts. “While you are with us in the attic, time stands still. Your watch is of no use to you here.”
Matilda smiled as she realised that she could take as much time as she liked inspecting the boxes; all the time in the world without her parents knowing.
Looking up at the speaker she said, “Thank you.”
“You're welcome,” came the reply.
She continued to move amongst the boxes, lifting lids to see what was inside. She found ancient maps of unknown lands; diagrams of the heavens and galaxies that Matilda had never heard of; thick, ancient and heavy books of travels in far-off lands; artworks from distant civilisations; fossils of dinosaurs and much, much more. Whoever had assembled these collections, and it must have been the Professor, judging by the treasures downstairs, had obviously visited some extraordinary places. It was a museum of the ages and it was astonishing.
Finally she came to the last box. It was prettier than all of the others and was covered in Arabic writing. As Matilda lifted the lid, a cloud rose from the box and a bright light shone from within. She stumbled backwards in fright. The cloud rose into the air and was replaced by flashing lights with every colour of the rainbow, accompanied by music that sounded as if it came from the Far East. Taking a deep breath, Matilda moved forward and peered into the box. Nestled at the bottom was a neatly rolled carpet. She reached in and lifted it out of the box. Dust particles flew into the air and made her sneeze. She placed the carpet on the floor and unrolled it.
What she saw was awesome and she gasped with surprise. The designs on the carpet were amazing. It had a gold and pink weave with delicate patterns and more Arabic writing. But the most eye-catching thing was the motif of a sun in the centre. It looked like one of the Inca suns that Matilda had seen in her books, a golden orb with bright rays of sunlight shooting out from its sides. The colours gleamed and seemed to have a life of their own.
Matilda couldn’t help herself. It was as if she had no control over her movements. Her hand reached down to the sun and she began to gently stroke it. Suddenly there was another burst of bright light and a cloud of smoke as a huge figure began to appear above the carpet. Matilda rubbed her eyes and looked up to see a large, grey-bearded man standing over her. He wore a purple gown covered in glittering, gold patterns and wore a purple fez on his head. He had on gold shoes that were turned up at the toes; his arms were folded across his chest. As the smoke cleared Matilda saw him smile at her and her thumping heart began to slow down. It was the warmest smile she had ever seen.  

Chapter 6
The Story Mat  

“Hello, Matilda,” said the giant in a soft and gentle voice that did not match his size. “It is a pleasure to meet you. I have been waiting so long for someone with a pure heart and brave character to discover my treasures, and now it has happened. Others have tried but have failed the test because of their greed and cowardice.”
“Who are you?” asked Matilda in a trembling voice that was hardly brave.
“My name is Maximilian, Noble Protector of the Other Lands, and Master of its Treasures,” the man replied. “And the voice you heard from that speaker is the Keeper of the Treasures; a cranky old fusspot. Now please don’t feel afraid of me,” he continued as if he could read her mind. “That’s natural but you have already proved your bravery and your honesty and have nothing to fear.” Matilda thought of the pendant she had been tempted to take.
“I don’t feel very brave – or honest. I thought about taking that beautiful pendant,” Matilda confessed.
“But you didn’t,” declared Maximilian. “Everybody thinks of doing things they shouldn’t do. The real measure is whether they carry them out or not.”
“You’re very wise . . . er . . . Maximilian,” said Matilda, “but I disobeyed my parents by coming up to the attic. How honest is that?”
“Do not fret my little friend,” replied Maximilian with another soft smile. “It was your destiny to find me. You had no control over it so you have done nothing wrong.”
“Well that makes me feel a whole lot better . . . I think,” said Matilda with a sigh. “But what do you mean by ‘my destiny’?”
“You were meant to meet me and to have the use of my Story Mat,” answered Maximilian.
“Story Mat?” asked Matilda, puzzled.
“The beautiful carpet that you have before you is the Story Mat ”replied Maximilian, pointing to the carpet on the floor. “It will take you to marvellous places beyond your wildest dreams and allow you to help others in need.”
“How do I do that?” asked Matilda with a frown.
“As a lover of  books you already have everything it takes,” stated Maximilian.
“What  do books have to do with it?” Matilda enquired.
“I will prepare the Story Mat to take you on a special journey where lovers of books have never been before . . .  into the stories themselves,” said Maximilian.
“Wow!” exclaimed Matilda. “You mean I can actually go into the stories and join in the adventures?”
“That is correct,” said Maximilian. “You simply place a favourite story on the Golden Sun in the centre of the Story Mat, close your eyes and fold your arms across your chest, and 'whoosh', the Story Mat will transport you into that book.”
“Unreal!” shouted  Matilda, her whole body tingling with the thought.
“However,” interrupted Maximilian, “there are some rules.”
“Uh, oh! Rules. They usually spoil things,” said Matilda with a sad face.
“Not so,” continued Maximilian. “These are simple rules for your own safety and to give purpose to your adventures. Firstly, the Story Mat will only be prepared for five stories, one each day, so you must choose carefully. And, as you are only a learner with the Story Mat, they must be fairy stories that you have enjoyed. Secondly, during your journeys you will discover a secret jewel belonging to the stories. You must return the Story Mat at the end of your adventures and tell me what that secret jewel is. This will determine whether you have access to the Story Mat in the future, so keep your ears, eyes and mind open at all times.”
“Do I choose stories that mention jewels, then?” asked Matilda.
“Nothing that simple,” stated Maximilian. “The jewel of which I speak is not a physical one. That is your clue.”
“M-m-m, I'll have to think about that. It sounds difficult,” muttered Matilda.
Maximilian laughed, “I'm sure you will be up to the task, my little one. And there is something else that you must remember. You will have the power to change the stories as you go and use your natural gifts to make things better for the characters in each story. Use your talents wisely. And so, finally, I have something extra to assist you.” Maximilian clicked his fingers and a small fairy, about thirty centimetres tall, appeared on his shoulder.
“May I introduce Peri, my favourite Persian fairy,” said Maximilian with a smile. “She will accompany you on all of your adventures to protect you. I am sure that you will experience some dangerous situations as you enter your stories and Peri has special powers that will help you, in particular the magic wand that you can see she is carrying. While she has the wand she can also make herself invisible which may also come in handy. You only have to call her name and she will appear.”
“Peri,” whispered Matilda and the little fairy flew across to her shoulder.
“A word of warning,” said Maximilian. “Peri's magic wand has a limit to its power and it requires some time after each use to restore its strength. Use it carefully.”
“I will,” Matilda assured him.
“Now you must officially decide whether or not you wish to take part in this adventure,” said Maximilian.
“Yes, yes, yes!” replied Matilda excitedly.
“Then take the Story Mat with you and begin your adventure. You must return to me in five days with your answer to the nature of the secret jewel. Oh, by the way, you should not worry about your parents missing you while you are away. Just as now, time will stand still while you are absent so your parents will know nothing of your experiences. And that is as it should be. Goodbye, my little treasure, and may you and Peri return safely.”
With that Maximilian gradually faded away. Matilda and an invisible Peri were alone in the attic.  

Chapter 7
Book #1  

Matilda crept back down the stairs with her torch in one hand and the Story Mat tucked under her other arm. She glanced at her shoulder.
“Peri,” she whispered and saw the fairy appear on her shoulder again. “Just checking,” she said with a smile.
“I’d appreciate some peace you know,” replied the fairy with a frown. “We fairies need our rest  as much as anybody else.” And she disappeared again.
“Ooh!” thought Matilda. “Attitude.”
When she reached her bedroom, Matilda pushed the Story Mat under her bed. She made her own bed each morning and did her own cleaning so there was little chance her mother or father would discover it there. She had no idea what to do about Peri so she called her again.
“Yes?” frumped the fairy when she appeared on the bed. “How long are these interruptions going to continue?” She was going to make sure that this little girl, obviously Maximilian's favourite, wasn't going to take advantage of her with her pushy ways.
“I only wanted to ask you where you would like to stay,” replied Matilda. “I'm sorry if I've upset you. It's the last thing I would want to do.”
Peri sensed that Matilda was sincere and felt a little guilty. “Oh,” she said. “Here will be fine, thank you. I can sleep in one of those bedside drawers. Nobody will be able to see me if that was your worry.” A little bit of jealousy remained.
“No,” replied Matilda, opening the bedside drawer. “I simply want you to be comfortable. Now what can I get you to eat and drink?”
“We fairies don't eat very much, thank you,” Peri told her. “Some small squares of bread with honey would be nice – only twice a day. As for drink, I'd appreciate some water in a very small cup.”
“I have a tiny tea set from when I was little,” said Matilda with a big smile that melted the fairy’s heart. “That should do.”
“You're very kind,” replied Peri in a soft voice. “Now I'll just go back to my rest.” She flew over to the bedside table and disappeared. The ice had been broken.
With a yawn Matilda climbed into bed and fell into a deep sleep.
The next morning she put on her dressing gown and went downstairs for breakfast. Now that her mother could use the stove, the meals were improving dramatically. As she walked into the kitchen her mother looked over at her from the sink.
“What’s that cobweb doing in your hair?” she asked with a frown.
Matilda had to think quickly.
“Maybe a spider thought there were insects in my hair and decided to build his web there during the night?”
Her mother laughed. “Don’t be ridiculous. Spiders are much cleverer than that. Now sit down and eat your porridge. The school bus will be here soon.”
Her father was hidden behind a large book.
“Morning Daddy,” she said as she pulled out her chair.
“M-m-m-ph,” came the reply. Her father was not a good morning-person.
After breakfast, while her mother and father were out of the kitchen, Matilda cut up some small squares of bread and smothered them in honey. She filled a cup with water and hurried back to her bedroom.
“Peri,” she whispered, and the fairy appeared in the bedside table drawer. “I have some breakfast for you.” She poured water into a tiny cup from her tea set that she had found in a cupboard.
“Delicious,” said Peri as she tucked into the meal.
“I have to go to school now,” Matilda informed her, “but we'll start on our adventure as soon as I get home this afternoon. Okay?”
“Fine,” replied the fairy as Matilda put on her school uniform. “I'll wait for you here.”
The day at school could not pass quickly enough. Matilda was impatient to get home again and test the Story Mat with her first book. She had already decided which story she would use – a simple one to start with, to sort of ease herself in.
As soon as the bus pulled up below her house, she bounded out and raced up the hill. She burst through the door, kissed her mother and father on the cheek without stopping, and rushed up the stairs, leaving them both gob-smacked by the door.
“Have to get into my homework,” she shouted over her shoulder.
“And pigs might fly,’ mumbled her father.
“What was that all about?” said her shocked mother.
But they were both too eager to continue reading their books to bother following Matilda.
Once she was in her room, Matilda  whispered, “Peri”, and, when the little fairy appeared, she crouched down and pulled the Story Mat out from under her bed. She unrolled it on the floor and, once again, was stunned by its beauty. Next she went to her bookshelves and selected the story for her first adventure – “Little Red Riding Hood”. After Peri had flown across to her shoulder and disappeared, she placed the book on the sun in the centre of the carpet then sat down, crossed her arms and closed her eyes. The Story Mat lifted\ gently off the floor. 
“WHOOSH!”
It shot off, through the bedroom wall and out into the open sky. Matilda felt the wind blowing through her hair and opened her eyes for a moment to see . . .  nothing. She was surrounded by a white light with colours flashing through it. Where was Red Riding Hood? She closed her eyes again and soon felt the carpet slowing down. It finally settled on the ground and Matilda opened her eyes to the most surprising sight.
She was in the middle of a forest. The sunlight dappled through the leaves and a soft breeze blew through the branches. Matilda heard people talking nearby so she hopped off the Story Mat. She watched as the mat rolled itself up and vanished, then crept through the forest until she came to a dirt track and hid behind a tree. Peeking out from her hiding place she saw Red Riding Hood standing in the middle of the track. She was dressed in her red cloak and hood, and carried a basket over her arm. Whatever was inside the basket was covered by a napkin. At first Matilda couldn’t see who Red Riding Hood was talking to so she stretched her head out a little more and saw – a huge wolf! Then she heard what they were saying. “I said, where are you going this fine day?” growled the Wolf.
“Sorry,” replied Red Riding Hood, “I have trouble hearing with this stupid hood over my head.” And she threw the hood back over her shoulders. “For your information,” she continued, “I’m off to Grandma’s house with some goodies my mother baked . . . as if it’s any business of yours. You see Grandma has been a bit off lately, arthritis, dicky knee, bronchitis, bad heart, blocked nose, sore gums, loose teeth….”  
“Too much detail!” shouted the Wolf as he got a picture of Grandma in his mind. He was starving and could eat anything that moved but he didn’t want too much information about what was on the menu.  
“And where does your lovely Grandma live?” he asked with a cunning smile, thinking of the pleasure of eating this little girl and her grandmother, together.  
“At the end of this track, beside the woodcutter’s house,” Red Riding Hood told him. “It’s quite a pretty house really, just a few shingles missing off the roof, a leaking water tank, lots of weeds in the garden, two broken windows and a sticky door knob. Other than that it’s…..”  
“Enough!” screamed the Wolf.  
“Temper, temper,” said Red Riding Hood.  
The Wolf realised he had gone too far and needed to be a little more patient to get what he wanted.  
“I’m so sorry,” he said in a sweet tone. “I’ve had a bad day and I didn’t get much sleep last night.  
You were saying?”  
“Oh, nothing more,” replied Red Riding Hood. “Just that Grandma is in bed and can’t get up.  
That’s why I’m taking these goodies to her.”  
“If she has to stay in bed, how does she answer the door?” asked the Wolf in an oily voice.  
“Well she can’t answer the door can she? She just leaves the front door off the latch,” Red Riding Hood informed him carelessly.  
“Mm-mm-mm,” said the Wolf. “Well you just hurry on your way and be sure to pass on my best wishes to your Grandma. Bye, bye.”  
“Bye,” said Little Red Riding Hood and skipped off down the track.  
Matilda saw and heard all of this from her hiding place. It was exactly the same as the story in her book – except for some of the conversation she had listened to of course. And she knew exactly what was going to happen next. She had to stop the Wolf if she was to help Little Red Riding Hood and her Grandma. She ran across the road and followed the Wolf who was obviously taking a short-cut to Grandma’s house.  
The Wolf had nearly reached Grandma’s house by the time Matilda caught sight of him. She could see the little house down at the bottom of the hill.  
“Hey, you, Wolf, stop!” she shouted. The Wolf turned around to see who was shouting and Matilda raced up to him.  
“And who are you?” asked the Wolf with a nasty sneer on his face.  
“A friend,” replied Matilda and, thinking quickly, added, “here to save your life.”  
The Wolf started laughing. He laughed so hard he had to hold his tummy as he rolled on the ground. “You? Save me?” he finally managed to say. “I’ve never heard anything so funny in my life. And what monster are you going to save me from my little squirt? A dragon? An ogre? A witch, maybe?”  
“No,” said Matilda, feeling a little threatened, “a woodcutter.”  
The Wolf jumped to his feet and put his face right up against Matilda. She could smell Wolf breath. Yuk!  
“Oh,” he said in a mocking tone. “Just an ordinary woodcutter! That isn’t very exciting. Can’t you dream up something a bit scarier?”  
“I’m telling the truth,” said Matilda, feeling braver. “Unless you do as I tell you, you will die a horrible death.”  
“Ooh, ooh, ooh, I’m really scared,” said the Wolf, wrapping his arms around himself and pretending to shake with fear. “Enough of this rubbish. I think I’ll just eat you before I go down and finish off Grandma and that little brat, Red Riding Hood.” He bared his horrible fangs and started to reach out for Matilda.  
“Uh,oh,” thought Matilda as she looked into the Wolf’s mouth, “this adventure is going to be a short one.”  
Then she remembered her guardian fairy. “Peri,” she whispered, and the little fairy appeared on her shoulder.  
“What’s this?” said the surprised Wolf. “Cream for the pudding?” and he lunged towards Matilda. Peri had her little wand in her hand. She pointed it at the Wolf – and he froze.  
“Wow!” exclaimed Matilda. “That’s some trick. You just saved our lives.”  
“I beg your pardon,” the fairy replied primly. “I saved your life. Mine was never in danger.”  
“Whatever,” said Matilda. “Just as long as you keep doing it. Now what do we do?”  
“Watch and learn,” replied Peri, and she waved her wand at the Wolf again. The wolf dropped to the ground and began shaking his head.  
“Wha-wha-what happened?” he said in a wobbly voice, looking at Matilda and Peri.  
“You were being a naughty boy,” said Matilda, “and you had to be punished. Expect more of the same if you misbehave again.”  
Peri’s spell had been a particularly nasty one.   
“No, no!” the Wolf  answered quickly. “No more punishment, please! I’ll behave myself. I promise.”  
“Now follow me and I’ll explain what I want you to do,” said Matilda, walking towards Grandma’s house. But she didn’t go to Grandma’s house. She went to the woodcutter’s next door where a big man was swinging a sharp axe as he chopped up a log. They hid behind a tree.  
“See that man and his axe?” explained Matilda to the Wolf. “Well, if you had tried to  eat Grandma and Little Red Riding Hood, he would have chopped you into little pieces.”  
“Really?” said the Wolf.  
“Really,” said Matilda. At that moment, Little Red Riding Hood came skipping down the track. “Now we have a few more things to sort out and I want you on your best behaviour. Is that understood?”  
“Yes,” said the Wolf meekly. His character had completely changed.  
“Then follow me and do as I tell you,” added Matilda, walking towards Little Red Riding Hood who was at Grandma’s door.  
“Hi, Red Riding Hood,” said Matilda. “I've got something important to tell you.”  
“Who are you? I don’t know you,” said Red Riding Hood with a puzzled look on her face. “And what is the Wolf doing here? I left him up the track.”  
“Trust me,” said Matilda. “I am a friend and the Wolf has something to tell you.” She waved the Wolf across to her. “Go on, tell her everything.”  
The Wolf gulped and went on to tell Red Riding Hood how he had tricked her and planned to eat her and her Grandma, how Matilda had shown him the woodcutter, and how she had saved their lives.  
Little Red Riding Hood was shocked. She held her hand up to her mouth.  
“How could you think of doing such a terrible thing? It’s disgusting. I mean, what kind of animal are you?”  
“A wolf,” replied the Wolf with tears running down his face. “And I’m really, really sorry but I was very hungry and my wife was angry with me for not providing enough food for the family, and the children were crying, and the cupboard was bare, and the fox down the road…..”  
“Enough!” shouted Red Riding Hood, dropping her basket to the ground and holding up her hands. “I get the message. Now the way I see it, you’ve got real problems but you’ve done nothing wrong . . . yet. And I think I can help you without having any bloodshed. Come into Grandma’s house and we can discuss it sensibly.”  
Matilda watched and listened. She was particularly impressed with the way Red Riding Hood had handled the situation when she learnt the truth. She followed the Wolf and the little girl in red into Grandma’s house. Grandma was propped up by pillows in her bed. She didn’t look well.  
“What a lovely surprise, Little Red Riding Hood,” she gasped. “And who are your friends?”  
Red Riding Hood went on to explain everything that had happened. Grandma was shocked and held her hand to her mouth but, when she saw the tears streaming down the Wolf’s face, her heart melted.  
“You don’t look like a bad wolf,” she wheezed. “And I’m sure you wouldn’t eat people if you didn’t have all of those problems at home. I’ll tell you something. I don’t eat much – it’s my loose teeth you know –so you’re quite welcome to have what’s left over in my cupboard each week.”  
“And Mummy always has bones left over from her cooking,” added Red Riding Hood. “You can have those.”  
The Wolf began to sob. He’d never experienced so much kindness.  
“No time for tears,” coughed Grandma. “Show us the goodies you have in that basket, Little Red Riding Hood, and let’s have a party.”  
The woodcutter next door heard the racket from the party and thought something must be wrong. He picked up his axe and ran across to Grandma’s house. He burst through the door and, when he saw the Wolf, began swinging his axe.  
Matilda screamed, “Peri!” The little fairy appeared on her shoulder, pointed her wand to cast a gentle spell this time and the woodcutter froze in his tracks.  
“Good party trick!” shouted Grandma, clapping her hands.  
Peri pointed her wand again and the woodcutter fell to the floor.  
“What happened?” he said, shaking his head.  
When Little Red Riding Hood explained the whole thing to him, he joined the party and even offered to give the Wolf some of his food each week. He knew that a hungry wolf was a dangerous wolf.  
With everybody safe and happy, and her job almost done, Matilda asked Little Red Riding Hood to step outside for a moment.  
“I hope you’ve learnt never to talk to strangers,” Matilda said.  
“But you’re a stranger and I’m talking to you,” said Red Riding Hood with a puzzled look on her face.  
“Little Miss Fuzzy Brain,” thought Matilda, then said, “Yes, but you must never talk to strangers again. Okay?”  
“Okay,” chirped Red Riding Hood and skipped back inside to join the party. Matilda followed her inside to say goodbye to everybody.  
“Now we have to find the Story Mat,” she said to Peri when they were outside again,  
“No problem,” said Peri, waving her wand in the air. There was a swirl of wind and the Story Mat appeared in front of them. When it had settled on the ground, Matilda climbed on, crossed her arms and closed her eyes.  
WHOOSH!  
The Story Mat shot into space. Matilda soon felt it slow down and opened her eyes. She was back in her bedroom. She rolled up the carpet and put it under her bed, whispered to Peri to stay there, then ran down the stairs to join her parents in the lounge room.  
Her father looked up from his book and nodded, looking at his watch.  
“Finished your homework already?” he asked.  
“That didn’t take long,” said her mother.  
“It was easy,” replied Matilda with a wink at her shoulder.  
“Humph!” said her father. “And snakes might sing.”  


Chapter 8
Book #2

The next day was a repeat of the day before. Matilda prepared two meals for Peri in the morning then left for school. She rushed off the bus after school, dashed past her mother and father, who were sitting in the kitchen reading their books, and headed for her bedroom.  
“Well, hello to you too,” said her father, lifting his head from his book for a full two seconds.  
“She is certainly behaving strangely,” added her mother without even looking up.  
Matilda pulled the Story Mat from under her bed then went over to her bookshelf. Once again she had already decided which story she would enter today. When Peri appeared, Matilda showed her “The Emperor's New Clothes”. Taking the book over to the carpet, she placed it on the sun, sat down, folded her arms and closed her eyes.  
WHOOSH! Away she and the little fairy went.  
When Matilda felt the Story Mat slow down and drop to the ground, she opened her eyes. She was inside a magnificent castle. It was obviously the Throne Room, with a huge hall held up by columns along the side. As Matilda peeped out from behind one of the columns she saw that there were large mirrors all over the room.  
A little, fat man, dressed in royal robes and wearing a crown on his head, was standing in front of one of the mirrors admiring himself. He certainly looked like a very vain person.  
Just then Matilda heard voices behind her. She crept across behind another column and looked around it. A tall, thin, evil-looking man was whispering to another short, plump man. Matilda listened in.  
“Remember to keep telling him that the people who can’t see the cloth are fools,” said the tall man. “He’s so proud that he’ll never say that he can’t see the material. He could never admit to being a fool.”  
“Hee-hee,” the little man giggled and pretended to be sewing invisible cloth. “‘We’ve been working so hard weaving this beautiful cloth for you, Your Majesty, ’” he mimicked. “The old fool will give us bags of gold for nothing.”  
The two men walked away laughing.  
Matilda felt a strong hand grab her by the shoulder. She looked up to see a guard looking down at her with a scowl on his face. He was dressed in armour and carried a dangerous-looking spear.  
“What are you doing here?” he asked in a harsh voice.  
Matilda couldn’t think of anything to say.  
“You’d better come with me,” said the guard as he dragged Matilda out into the Throne Room and up to the little, fat Emperor. “Sire, I found this strange-looking girl trespassing in the Palace.  
What should I do with her?”  
The Emperor looked Matilda up and down. “What odd-looking clothes. Who are you, young lady?”  
By this time Matilda had had time to think. “I’ve been sent to clean your mirrors, Sire, the better to see yourself. I am an orphan and these are the only rags I could find to dress myself,” she said.  
“Mm-mm,” the Emperor said thoughtfully. He definitely wanted the mirrors to show him at his best. “Very well, get on with your work. I have a very important meeting with my tailors and I will require clean mirrors to view my new clothes. Make sure they are spotless,” he said, dismissing her with a wave of his hand.  
The guard let her go and returned to his post. Matilda pulled her handkerchief out of her pocket and began polishing a mirror. Out of the corner of her eye she saw that the two men she had overheard had come into the Throne Room. The short, fat one was pretending that he was carrying a set of clothes even though there was nothing in his hands. The Emperor greeted them with glee.  
“Ah, at last, my tailors,” he shouted in excitement. “You’ve finished my new clothes, then? I can’t wait to try them on.”  
“Yes, Your Majesty,’ said the tall man in a flattering voice. “We have been working night and day weaving the gold cloth, cutting and sewing, to create a new suit of clothes that will make you the best-dressed Emperor in the world. Nobody will ever look as good as you do.”  
“And, Sire,” added the fat man, “the best thing is that you will know who the fools are in your Empire. Anybody who cannot see the clothes will show themselves to be stupid and you will be able to rid yourself of them. After all, a wise and clever Emperor such as yourself doesn’t want to be surrounded by dunces, does he?”  
“Certainly not!” the Emperor agreed. “Now, show me my new clothes.”  
The short tailor pretended to unroll the invisible clothes with a swirl of his hands and shouted, “Duddah!”  
Of course the Emperor could see nothing but he didn’t want to be seen as a fool so he exclaimed, “Marvellous! You have done a wonderful job and I shall be proud to wear the new clothes.” But he wanted to check that others could see the invisible clothes too, so he called to his Prime Minister who had been standing nearby.  
“What do you think of my new suit of clothes, Prime Minister?” he asked.  
“Th-th-they are . . . er . . . magnificent, Sire,” he stuttered, not wanting to be exposed as stupid either, then continued enthusiastically, “The colours are glorious and befitting of such a great Emperor.”  
The Emperor’s chest grew large. “I shall wear them in the public parade tomorrow. And, my fine tailors, you shall be rewarded with not one, but two bags of gold each for your hard work.”  
The tailors were grinning and rubbing their hands together.  
Matilda listened to all of this as the Emperor was being hoodwinked by the pair of schemers because of his foolish vanity. She had to work out a way to unmask the false tailors, but how?  
Unwisely she decided to try the direct approach first. She put away her handkerchief and walked over to the Emperor.  
“Sire,” she said, “these men are villains.  I overheard them talking. They are trying to swindle you.”  
“What do you mean, you little urchin?” blustered the Emperor.  
“There are no new clothes,” stated Matilda. “There is no beautiful cloth. It’s all a nasty trick.”  
The tall tailor saw what was about to happen and jumped in.  
“There you are, Sire, your first fool. What would an orphan know about beauty and style? She is not fit to be in your palace.”  
“Of course,” agreed the Emperor, once again thinking of his own reputation. “Guards, Guards! Take this little tramp away to the dungeon.”  
Two huge guards raced over to Matilda, grabbed her by the arms and dragged her away. They took her along hallways and through a door that led down to the dungeon below the palace.  
“Time for some help,” thought Matilda, and she whispered, “Peri!”  
The little fairy appeared on her shoulder. 
The guards could not believe what they were seeing.  
“What the . . . ,” they started to say but never finished. With a wave of her wand, Peri froze them. Matilda broke free and headed back to the Throne Room.  
She crept up behind one of the columns and poked her head around it to see the funniest sight. There was the Emperor standing in front of a mirror in his underwear! The two tailors were rushing around him pretending to make adjustments to the invisible clothes and praising the Emperor’s good taste.  
Matilda remembered how the story went. If she didn’t stop things now, the Emperor would be terribly embarrassed tomorrow when he paraded in front of all of his subjects in only his underwear. And even though he was a pompous and vain man, he didn’t deserve that. 
She decided what she should do. In the story the whole trick had been shown up by a child in the crowd who had no reputation to worry about and had the courage to shout out that the Emperor was wearing no clothes.  
Matilda slipped out of the palace and went into the streets of the town. With the promise of sweets, she gathered together six children and explained what they had to do. They sneaked past the guards and followed Matilda to the Throne Room.  
The Emperor was still preening himself in front of a mirror but the two tailors had gone. Matilda led the children over to the Emperor.  
“How did you get back here, you little ragamuffin?” he stormed. “And who are these other intruders? I’ll put the guards onto you again.”  
Matilda jumped in quickly. “Please, Your Majesty, just hear me out for one minute. I want to save you from being very embarrassed. But don’t just listen to me, listen to these children. They have nothing to fear and will only speak the truth.”  
The children were already giggling about seeing their Emperor in his underwear.  
“What’s so funny?” asked the Emperor sternly.  
“You’re only wearing your underwear!” the children chorused.  
“What?!!” he roared. “Underwear?!! This can’t be true! Prime Minister, get over here  
immediately!”  
The Prime Minister scurried over to the Emperor.  
“These children say that I am only wearing my underwear,” the Emperor continued. “Can it be true?”  
“Well, Sire,” said the Prime Minister, trying to be diplomatic and going red in the face, “I can’t really say.”  
“What? Tell me immediately, man, am I or am I not in my underwear. And be honest or it’s off with your head!” shouted the Emperor.  
Given the choice of being seen as a fool or having his head removed, the Prime Minister decided to tell the truth.  
“Yes, Your Majesty,” he whispered, “you are only wearing your underwear.”  
The Emperor immediately tried to cover himself up with his hands.  
“Quickly, quickly, get me my cloak,” he cried, so Matilda rushed over to the chair and brought back his cloak which he hurriedly wrapped around himself.  
“How embarrassing,” he whimpered.  
“But not as embarrassing as it would have been, showing your underwear to all of your subjects in the parade tomorrow,” Matilda reminded him.  
“Yes, yes, very true,” said the Emperor, and Matilda told him exactly what she had overheard the two villainous tailors saying to each other.  
“I owe you a great deal little girl, and the children, too,” said the Emperor. “But first I have to deal with those cheating tailors. Guards!”  
Following the Emperor’s orders, the guards dragged the two tailors in front of the Emperor. They had been busily counting their gold when the guards captured them.  
“You thieves! You scoundrels! You traitors! The dungeon is too good for you. You deserve only the worst punishment I can think of.”  
The two tailors fell to their knees begging for mercy, weeping and snivelling. Matilda  
whispered in the Emperor’s ear.  
“How appropriate,” he said with a smile.  
The next day the streets were crowded with the Emperor’s loyal subjects, waiting for the parade.  
At last the trumpeters announced that the parade was about to begin. As the people leaned forward they saw the two tailors walking down the street with no clothes on at all and a small fairy flying behind, poking them along with her wand. The rogues were crying and looking very, very embarrassed. Behind them came the Emperor’s carriage with the Emperor dressed in his best robes, waving to the people – and, sitting beside him, were Matilda and the six children, looking very proud.  
After the parade, the two tailors were taken to the border of the Empire and told never to return.  
At last Matilda said goodbye to the Emperor.  
“Without wanting to be rude, Your Majesty,” she said, “perhaps it would be best if you didn’t let your pride make decisions for you in the future.”  
“Very wise, my dear. I understand completely. I hope I shall see you again soon,” replied the Emperor, giving her a kiss on the forehead.  
“I don’t think so,” thought Matilda and whispered, “Peri.”  
The little fairy appeared on her shoulder. They ducked behind a column and Peri waved her wand. The Story Mat appeared and dropped to the floor. Matilda was soon on her way back home.  
After storing the carpet under her bed, Matilda put “The Emperor’s New Clothes” back on her bookshelf. She waited for Peri to fly to the bedside table and hop into the drawer before joining her parents in the kitchen, where they both had their heads stuck in books.  
“Racing upstairs and then back downstairs in two minutes,” commented her mother. “What’s going on?”  
“Nothing,” replied Matilda. “I’m just bored.”  
“And donkeys might dance,” said her father for no reason at all.  


Chapter 9
Book # 3

Matilda was feeling a little tired after her adventure with the Emperor and his new clothes so she felt that the third book had better be a short one. The next day, she ran her hand along the shelves, looking for a suitable story. Her hand stopped on “The Three Billy Goats Gruff” and she decided that this story was exactly what she needed.  
Taking the book down from the shelf, she went over to her bed and pulled out the Story Mat. After Peri had flown onto her shoulder and she had followed all of the procedures, she felt the Story Mat lift off and speed through the atmosphere. She really enjoyed the sensation of the wind rushing through her hair and tickling her nose.  
At last the Story Mat settled on the ground and Matilda opened her eyes. She was in a small valley surrounded by green hills. There was a rushing stream below with a wooden bridge across it.  
And there, in the meadow, were the Three Billy Goats Gruff. They seemed to be having an argument and, as Matilda walked towards them, she could hear their conversation.  
“Of course the grass on the other side of the bridge is greener,” said Big Bill Goat Gruff, the biggest of the three.  
“But not green enough to be eaten for,” said Little Billy Goat Gruff, the smallest of the group.  
“We can all rush across the bridge before the Troll can catch us. We’re very fast,” offered Middle-sized Billy Goat Gruff.  
“Yes,” said Little Billy Goat Gruff in a frightened voice, “but the Troll is faster.”  
“Well, I know I can get across the bridge,” stated Big Billy Goat Gruff, with a smirk on his face.  
“I’m not afraid of the Troll, so bad luck for you two. I’ll go on my own.”  
“That’s very selfish!” stated Middle-sized  Billy Goat Gruff. “You always look after yourself first. We can’t help it if we’re smaller than you.”  
“You never take care of us,” moaned Little Billy Goat Gruff. “And big brothers are supposed to look after the smaller ones. Aren’t they?”  
“Why should I miss out on the best food just because you’re too scared to face up to the Troll?’ asked Big Billy Goat Gruff.  
“Ahem,” Matilda interrupted. “Perhaps I can help you.”  
The Three Billy Goats Gruff swung around together in surprise.  
“And who may you be?” growled Big Billy Goat Gruff with a huge frown.  
“A friend,” said Matilda, thinking, “Here we go again.”  
“How could a little girl like you possibly help us with the Troll?” sneered Middle-sized Billy Goat Gruff.  
“Well,” said Matilda, trying to think of something quickly, “I suppose I could try talking to him first.”  
The Three Billy Goats Gruff began laughing and rolling on the grass.  
“Where have I seen this before?” thought Matilda. “Nobody seems to think I have any ability at all.” But she said, “I can only try.”  
The Billy Goats Gruff looked at her in astonishment.  
“Are you serious,” asked Little Billy Goat Gruff.  
“Well, it would be interesting to watch,” said Middle-sized Billy Goat Gruff.  
“And maybe, after eating her, the Troll will let us pass,” said selfish Big Billy Goat Gruff. “Very well,” he continued, “you trot down to the bridge and have a nice little chat with the Troll. We’ll wait here to see how you go. Does that sound fair?”  
“Not really,” answered Matilda, “but I am willing to talk to the Troll on your behalf.”  
“Down you go then. ‘Bye,” said Big Billy Goat Gruff with a sly grin.  
Matilda walked down the slope to the bridge. She was beginning to feel that she was making a big mistake.  
“Hello,” she whispered from the edge of the bridge. There was no reply so she said it again, in a  louder voice, “Hello!”  
A rumbling sound and a huge burp came from the stream below the bridge, then a terrible voice bellowed, “Who dares approach my bridge?”  
“Er, it’s me, Mr Troll,” said Matilda nervously. “My name is Matilda. I’ve come to talk to you about getting across the bridge.”  
“Getting across the bridge?!” roared the voice. “Never! I’ll eat anybody who tries to cross my bridge. Show yourself, little girl.”  
Matilda took a few steps so that she was looking over the edge of the bridge and down at the stream. Below she saw the most horrible sight. A huge, ugly Troll was leaning against the bridge supports and he was surrounded by bones from animals that he had eaten. Matilda was frozen to the spot by the sight of so much cruelty and, before she knew what was happening, the Troll had leapt up and grabbed her by the arm. He was very fast for such a huge body and he dragged her down to the stream.  
“Yum,” he growled, licking his fat, greasy lips. “I haven’t eaten a human for years. This will be special.” And he pulled Matilda towards his mouth.  
“Peri,” she whispered with her eyes closed to shut off the sight of the Troll’s gaping mouth, and holding her nose so she couldn’t smell its foul breath. The fairy immediately appeared on her shoulder and waved her wand. It took a strong burst of the wand’s power to stop the Troll but he was frozen to the spot before he could harm Matilda. . She wriggled free of his grasp and scrambled up the bank.  
“Be quick,” Peri told her. “The Troll was so strong he used up most of my wand’s power. He’ll be back to his old self in a few minutes.” The fairy flew to Matilda's shoulder and disappeared.  
“Great!” muttered Matilda. “That’s just what I needed to hear.” She ran as fast as she could up the hill until she was out of breath.  
The Three Billy Goats Gruff had shocked expressions on their faces.  
“We thought you were a goner,” said Little Billy Goat Gruff.  
“I nearly was,” replied Matilda. There was a loud roar from below the bridge signalling that the Troll was back in action.  
“There goes Plan A,” said Matilda. “I’ll have to think up another approach.” She was thinking of the story as she had read it. “Maybe we should just stick to the script this time.”  
“What are you talking about?” asked Big Billy Goat Gruff.  
“Well,” said Matilda, knowing that she couldn’t tell the Billy Goats Gruff how the story went, “I have an idea that the Troll is very greedy, so here’s what we’ll do.” And she explained the new plan.  
“That’s all very well for you,” shouted Little Billy Goat Gruff, “but why should I go first? The Troll will probably eat me up in the blink of an eye.”  
“You have to cross the bridge first or the plan won’t work,” explained Matilda impatiently.  
“And here’s what you have to say to the Troll.” She told Little Billy Goat Gruff exactly what to say.  
“Then Middle-sized Billy Goat Gruff will follow you and say the same thing,” she continued. “It’s the only way to get all three of you across safely.”  
She looked at Big Billy Goat Gruff. “Are you sure you can handle the Troll yourself?”  
“Of course I am,” he declared, shaking his huge horns.  
“Very well,’ said Matilda. “Let’s go.”  
Little Billy Goat Gruff dawdled down the hill, shaking in his hooves. When he reached the bridge he started to go across. The Troll jumped up from below and growled, “Who dares to cross my bridge?”  
“I’m Little Billy Goat Gruff,” replied the goat in a shaky voice, “and I wish to get to the other side.”  
“I’ll eat you before I’ll let you cross,” rumbled the Troll.  
“But sir,” said the goat, “I am such a small meal. My brother, who is much bigger, will try to cross the bridge if he sees that I am successful, and he will make a much tastier and larger dinner for you.”  
“Mm-m-m,” thought the greedy Troll. “Very well, you may pass.” And he slipped below the bridge again as Little Billy Goat Gruff trotted across to the other side with a huge sigh.  
Middle-sized Billy Goat Gruff then walked down to the bridge and, as he stepped onto the bridge, the Troll appeared from below. “Who dares to cross my bridge?” he roared.  
“'Tis I, Middle-sized Billy Goat Gruff, Mr Troll,” said the goat, “and I wish to get to the other side.”  
“I’ll munch you into little pieces before I let you cross,” screamed the Troll.  
“But sir,” said the goat, “my brother, who is on the hill over there, is much, much bigger than I am and would be a more fitting meal for such a large person as yourself. If he sees me cross the bridge, he will try to cross too, and you can have what you deserve.”  
The Troll looked up at Big Billy Goat Gruff and he began to dribble with the thought of eating him.  
“Very well, you may cross,” he said and dropped down again. Middle-sized Billy Goat Gruff walked across the bridge with a smile.  
Matilda saw that the plan was working but, as she turned towards Big Billy Goat Gruff, she saw that she had a problem. The goat, who had spoken so bravely about easily handling the Troll, was shaking all over.  
“Is something wrong?” she asked him.  
Big Billy Goat Gruff simply nodded his head. “I can't do it,” he squeaked nervously.  
“But you said you could,” insisted Matilda.  
“I know,” mumbled the goat, bowing his head, “but I only said that because my little brothers were here and I didn't want them to think I was a coward. But I am.”  
“No, you are not a coward,” declared Matilda and, thinking quickly, added, “You're just . . .  er . . . sensibly cautious. Of course you can defeat the Troll . . . and being nervous is only natural.”  
Billy Goat 1 looked up at her. “You really think so?”  
“Definitely!” shouted Matilda. “Nervousness gives you extra strength so it's good that you're nervous. All you need now is to believe in yourself. Of course you can do it. Now repeat it after me:  
I can do it. I can do it. I can do it.”  
Big Billy Goat Gruff lifted his head proudly and repeated, “I can do it! I can do it! I can do it.”  
He felt power surge through his body and he continued the chant as he strutted down towards the the bridge and the terrible Troll.  
By now the Troll was impatient and he jumped up onto the bridge before the goat had stepped onto it.  
“Who dares to cross my bridge?” he shouted.  
“Big Billy Goat Gruff,” the goat shouted back. “I can do it. Yes, I can!” he whispered to himself.  
With those words, Big Billy Goat Gruff lowered his huge horns and charged the Troll. The monster had never been challenged before and the surprise stopped him moving quickly enough. The goat’s horns struck him in the middle of his fat tummy and he was thrown high into the air. As he came down, Big Billy Goat Gruff turned around and kicked the Troll back into the air with his back legs. The fatally injured monster was thrown over the side of the bridge and into the rushing stream below. Several hours later the stream washed him out to sea, never to be seen again.  
The Three Billy Goats Gruff let out a large cheer. They stood on their hind legs and waved to Matilda. Then they began grazing on the lush green grass.  
Matilda whispered, “Peri”, and, when the little fairy appeared, said, “I hope there’s enough power left in that wand of yours to fetch the Story Mat.”  
“Just enough,” said Peri, and waved it in the air.  
The Story Mat unrolled itself in front of them and Matilda climbed aboard. She was almost asleep as the carpet sped towards home.  
“So much for a shorter adventure,” she thought.  
By the time she had stored the Story Mat and freshened up in the bathroom, she heard her mother shout from the kitchen, “Matilda! Time for afternoon tea.” After seeing Peri safely into the drawer she walked sleepily down to join her parents.  
“You look tired,” commented her mother, “and you’ve been doing nothing.”  
“Yes, that’s right,” agreed Matilda. “It must be all the excitement of the new house.”  
“And wombats might whistle,” commented her father from behind his book.  


Chapter 10
Found Out?

Germany had always fascinated Matilda; the cobbled streets of ancient towns; the pretty houses with flowered balconies; the castles atop wooded hillsides; the rushing mountain streams. So it was no surprise that she chose “The Pied Piper of Hamelin” as her next book.  
When she burst through the front door the next day, she didn’t notice that her parents weren’t there with their heads buried in books. In fact they weren’t to be seen. Matilda jumped up the stairs to her bedroom, pulled the book from a shelf and reached under the bed for the Story Mat. She had just unrolled it, and was about to summon Peri, when she heard her father’s voice from behind her.  
“Where did you get that carpet?” his voice rumbled.  
Standing beside him was her mother.  
“We thought you must be hiding something,” she said, “the way you rushed up to your room every afternoon without a word to anybody.”  
“Very suspicious behaviour,” added her father.  
Matilda was stunned. “Where did you come from?” she asked in a weak voice.  
“We were hiding behind the curtains,” her father informed her.  
Matilda was in a dither. She couldn’t let her parents know the truth – yet. She had to bluff them.  
“You were spying on me?” she cried. “My own parents spying on me? How horrible can things get?”  
“Well . . . er . . .  not really . . . spying,” answered her father going red in the face. “More . .  .  er . . .  interested. Wouldn’t you agree, mother?”  
“Humm . . . er . . . yes,” agreed her mother. “We were worried about you with the strange way you’ve been behaving.”  
“Well you could have asked me,” said Matilda with a fierce look on her face. “You didn’t have to hide behind curtains. Don’t you trust me any more?”  
“Of course we do,” said her mother. “It was just that you were acting so strangely and . . . ”  
“Anyway,” her father interrupted, “where did this carpet come from? Obviously this is what you’ve been rushing up to your room for.”  
“I found it in the . . . ,” began Matilda before she stopped herself from blurting out the truth. She didn’t want to lie to her parents but Maximilian’s warning about not letting anybody else know about the Story Mat came to her mind. “ . . . the cupboard in the hall. I really liked it so I thought it would look good in my room. Sort of Egyptian.”  
“Then why did you hide it under your bed?” asked her mother, raising one eyebrow.  
Matilda had to think quickly. “I thought you might take it to put in the lounge room,” she exclaimed, then added, “I take it out every night to lie on while I read and I wanted to keep it.  
It’s very special to me.” Which was the truth.  
“Mm-m-m,” said her father. “Very well. You can keep the carpet here if it helps you with your reading.”  
“Oh, it does. It certainly does,” gushed Matilda.  
“But don’t stay up too late reading, dear,” said her mother. “You need your rest too.” And she gave Matilda a kiss.  
Her father leaned down and gave her a kiss and a hug as well. With that they went downstairs to resume their reading.  
Matilda let out a huge sigh of relief. She didn’t like fibbing to her parents but she hoped that she would be able to tell them the truth when her adventures were over. At least now there wouldn’t be any need to hide the Story Mat under the bed. With a huge sigh she called up Peri.  
“That was a close one,” commented the little fairy.  
“Yes,” agreed Matilda and, placing the “Pied Piper of Hamelin” story on the mat, said, “We'd better get going while the going's good.”  


Chapter 11
Book #4

The first thing Matilda saw when the Story Mat landed was a large rat.  
It stared at her, wiggled its whiskers, then scurried off down a drain. She was in an alley behind tall buildings. When she looked up she was shocked to see hundreds of rats scampering and darting along the ledges of the houses, over balconies and across roofs. The frightened faces of the residents could be seen behind the windows. The city of Hamelin was infested with thousands of rats.  
A bell sounded from somewhere farther away so Matilda walked down the alley and came to a huge Town Square. Soldiers stood in line, poking their spears at rats that dared to try to get past them. On the steps of the Town Hall a roly-poly man, dressed in the robes of a Burgermeister, spoke to a group of citizens gathered below. A man in a fine tunic, and wearing a silk beret with a pretty feather in its band, stood beside the Burgermeister. He had a flute in one hand. 
“Citizens,” shouted the fat Burgermeister, “I have found the answer to our problem. May I introduce the Pied Piper, who promises to rid our beautiful city of these terrible rats for the payment of 500 gold coins.”  
The crowd burst into applause and the Pied Piper gave a graceful bow as he removed his beret.  
 “And he will do it immediately!” continued the Burgermeister.  
The cheers from the people were deafening. Everybody watched in amazement as the Pied Piper walked down the steps, past the line of soldiers, and began to play his flute. A delightful tune echoed around the Town Square and the rats stood still, enchanted by the music. Suddenly rats appeared from everywhere throughout the city, thousands of them, and, when the Pied Piper began walking towards the gates of the city, the rats followed behind as if they had been trained to march in line. People came out onto their balconies and into the streets to clap the Pied Piper for solving their problem.  
Matilda watched from the wall of the city as the Pied Piper continued to play his flute and passed through the city gates, down the road leading to the river. When he reached the river he stood by its bank and kept playing. The rats, still bewitched by the music, marched straight past the Pied Piper and into the fast-flowing stream. Soon the waters were covered with the bodies of the rats as they struggled against the current to stay afloat and were washed towards the sea. For the citizens of Hamelin it was a wonderful sight.  
When the last rat had plunged into the water, the Pied Piper put his flute in a small pouch on his belt and strolled back to the city gates where the plump Burgermeister was waiting with a huge grin on his face.  
Now the Burgermeister was a shrewd and mean man and he had no intention of paying the 500 gold coins when the job was done. After all, he thought, he hadn’t signed a contract with the Pied Piper, and 500 gold coins was far too much for a task that had only taken half an hour at most. So, when the Pied piper approached him, he handed over a small purse containing just 10 gold coins. He intended keeping the difference for himself.  
Taking the purse and counting the coins, the Pied Piper looked at the Burgermeister in disgust.  
“You promised me 500 gold coins,” he roared, going red in the face. “Are you not a man of your word?” And he threw the coins and purse to the ground.  
Like all mean people, the Burgermeister had a hide as thick as a rhinoceros. He smiled at the Pied Piper.  
“We had no contract,” he replied. “And I didn’t realise that your task would be so simple. Be happy with what you have and leave our city.”  
“You will pay for this,” stormed the Pied Piper. “I promise you that.”  
Ignoring the 10 gold coins, he walked off down the road.  
Matilda watched all of this happening and was quite angry with the selfish Burgermeister. She knew from the story what would happen next and feared for the citizens of the city. She would have to help solve the problem but decided that the Burgermeister should have a scare first. So she walked down the road after the Pied Piper and found a grassy nook in the shade of trees to rest until the next episode unfolded.  
That night the podgy Burgermeister was snoring away in his bed, a bright red nightcap on his bulbous head, when he was awakened by music. It was coming from the Town Square. He rolled out of his bed and went to the window. Below he saw the Pied Piper playing a different tune on his flute and – shock, horror – hundreds of the city’s children were moving into the Town Square as if they were sleep-walking.  
As soon as all of the children had assembled, the Pied Pied marched out of the city with the children following behind. By the time the Burgermeister had put on his clothes and dashed down to the Town Hall to call out the guards, the Pied Piper and his dreamy company had disappeared.  
The Town Square was soon filled with frantic and angry parents.  
“Our children have gone,” they cried.  
“Where has he taken them?” they asked.  
“We want our children back!” they screamed.  
“You caused this,” they shouted at the Burgermeister.  
Somebody threw a tomato which struck the Burgermeister on the cheek. Suddenly rotten fruit was coming at him from all directions, staining his clothes and dripping off his face. He ran back into the Town Hall in fear of his life.  
Meanwhile, Matilda had watched from her hiding place as the Pied Piper strode past with the children. She followed him to a hill with a stony cliff. Here the Pied Piper stopped and played another tune on his flute. The cliff face split apart to reveal a cave and, as the Pied Piper played his flute again, the children marched into the hillside. When the last child had entered the cave, the Pied Piper played another melody and the opening in the cliff closed.  
The Pied Piper sat down on a rock, not looking too happy with himself. Matilda walked up to him.  
“Well you’ve paid back the Burgermeister for his trickery. Now what do you plan to do?”  
The Pied Piper was startled by this young girl’s voice and jumped from the rock.  
“Who are you?” he asked in a surprised voice. “Did I miss putting you in the cave?”  
“No, no,” replied Matilda calmly. “I don’t live in Hamelin. I’m from another land and I’m here to see that the fair thing is done.”  
“Fair? Fair?” shouted the Pied Piper. “That blubber of a Burgermeister doesn’t know what the word means. I told him that he’d pay for his treachery, and so he shall!”  
“But should the citizens of Hamelin also pay?” said Matilda. “They didn’t do anything to deceive you and I’m certain that they will pay you your full fee once they have discovered what the Burgermeister has done.”  
“Do you really think so?” queried the Pied Piper.  
“I’m sure so,” declared Matilda. “Will you release the children if you are paid what you are owed?”  
“As long as that overweight thief of a Burgermeister gets what he is due as well.”  
“I can assure you he will,” stated Matilda.  
“Very well,” said the Pied Piper, who was truly sorry for having to use the children to settle the score with the Burgermeister. “You bring me a purse containing 500 gold coins and news of what has happened to the double-crossing Burgermeister, and I will release the children.” With that he reached out and shook hands with Matilda.  
Time was important. Matilda realised that the children’s loving parents must be beside themselves with worry and shouldn’t have to suffer any longer for the Burgermeister’s greed and treachery. She ran all the way to the Town Square and began ringing the bell to summon all of the citizens. The Burgermeister was cowering with fear inside the Town Hall and did not dare come out. Soon the square was filled with anxious-looking parents.  
Matilda held up her hands to quieten the parents, then began to speak.  
“I am a friend from another land and I am here to save your children,” she shouted. The parents were upset and worried enough not to question anybody that might help them. “The loss of your children is due to one person only,” she continued. “Your greedy Burgermeister did not live up to his promise of paying the Pied Piper 500 gold coins for ridding your city of the rats. Instead he intended keeping most of the reward for himself. He only gave the Pied Piper 10 gold coins.”  
A shocked buzz went through the crowd.  
“Bring out the Burgermeister! Bring out the Burgermeister!” the crowd began to chant.  
Behind the closed doors of the Town Hall, the Burgermeister began to shake in his boots. Who was this stranger turning the people against him? What could he do to escape the angry mob outside? The Town Guards would no longer protect him, in fact they seized him and dragged him out to face the crowd. The citizens began to boo.  
Matilda held up her hands again. “Please, please,” she begged them, “give him a chance to explain.” The people went silent.  
“Harumph,” began the Burgermeister, clearing his throat. “Citizens of Hamelin, it is true that I only gave the Pied Piper 10 gold coins, but it was because I believed that he had only earned that much for the time it took him to rid us of the rats. And I was only trying to save the city a great deal of money. I was . . . er . . .  certainly not going to keep the rest of the reward for myself. Believe me when I say my only purpose was to help the city.”  
Matilda knew this was a bald-faced lie. She whispered, “Peri”, and the little fairy appeared on her shoulder. The people were far enough away not to notice her and the Burgermeister was looking at the crowd.  
“Let’s see what’s in his purse,” Matilda said to Peri.  
The fairy waved her wand and the Burgermeister's purse flew up from his belt, tipped upside down and scattered gold coins onto the steps.  
The Burgermeister went white in the face.  
“There is the truth,” shouted Matilda. “The gold coins for the Pied Piper’s reward were in his own purse.”  
Several men ran up the steps and grabbed the Burgermeister, dragging him down to the crowd.  
Hoisting him into the air, they carried him down to the river and threw him into the water. He sailed away with the current, spluttering to keep his flabby body afloat, and headed for the sea to join the other rats. Luckily, history tells us that he was fished out of the water by the captain of a river barge and lived the rest of his life in exile.  
In the meantime, Matilda gathered up the gold coins and ran down the road to find the Pied Piper. She didn’t have to go very far as he had come to the river to watch the Burgermeister receive his punishment. When Matilda handed him the purse containing his reward, he thanked her with a bow and a flourish of his silk beret.  
Taking his flute from its holder he began playing a tune and, within minutes, the parents saw their children running up the road to join them. There were shouts of joy and tears of happiness. 
The Pied Piper strutted into the hills playing another beautiful tune on his flute, never to be seen again by the merry citizens of Hamelin.  
Matilda called to Peri and the fairy waved her wand to summon the Story Mat. In literally no time at all, they were back in her bedroom. She left the carpet on the floor beside her bed this time and ran downstairs where her mother and father were sitting in the kitchen, looking very glum.  
“We’re really sorry for what happened a few minutes ago,” said her mother when she saw Matilda come through the door.  
“A few minutes ago?” thought Matilda, confused. A few minutes ago she was watching the Burgermeister float down the river. Then she remembered that time stood still while she was away on her adventures.  
“We do trust you,” added her father. “We just worry about you.”  
“I know,” said Matilda. “And that’s why I love you both so much.”  
A tear trickled down her mother’s face and she gave Matilda a hug.  
“Now, how about some jam sponge and lemonade?” suggested her mother.  
“I don’t feel very hungry at the moment,” replied Matilda with a smirk.  
“And rabbits might rock and roll,” said her father.  


Chapter 12
Book #5

Two things were worrying Matilda on her last day with the Story Mat. Firstly, she still had no idea what the gem was that Maximilian had asked her to discover during her adventures. The only jewels she had seen were in the crown of the Emperor when he was being fitted with his new suit of clothes. And Maximilian had said that it wasn’t a real jewel anyway. What could it be?  
The second question was which fairy story she would choose for her fifth and final adventure. She had looked carefully through her books and had been shocked to find that most of them were pretty scary. Why did the writers of fairy stories have to make them so cruel and heartless? Surely they must have realised that children would be frightened by them - Rapunzel trapped in a tower; Rumpelstiltskin demanding the first-born baby; the witch putting Hansel and Gretel in an oven; Sleeping Beauty and Snow White being poisoned; even the Wolf in “Little Red Riding Hood” and the terrible Troll in “Three Billy Goats Gruff, trying to eat everybody. How gruesome!  
She finally decided to enter one of “Aesop’s Fables” which were mostly harmless. She chose to let the book select her story so, taking it from her bookshelf, she simply dropped it on the floor and looked down to find which fable the open book revealed. There, in front of her, was a picture of a tortoise and a hare.  
Walking across to the bedside table Matilda whispered, “Peri”.  
“Ready for our last adventure?” she said when the fairy appeared.  
“Ready . . . and willing,” replied Peri.  
“This should be a simple one,” stated Matilda, holding up the picture.  
“That's what we've thought with most of them,” declared Peri.  
“M-m-m,” murmured Matilda. “Well, we can only hope.”  
Carrying the book across to the Story Mat, she placed it on the sun and opened to the story of  “The Tortoise and the Hare”. As Peri flew to her shoulder, Matilda sat down, folded her arms, closed her eyes, and away they went, through the walls of the house and into space.  
The Story Mat landed in a pretty, green forest, beside a gravel road. Matilda could hear excited chattering so she walked towards it and hid behind a bush. She could see the most fantastic collection of animals gathered in groups and prattling away amongst themselves. There were badgers, squirrels, rabbits, foxes, deer, pigs, roosters, frogs, toads, horses, rats, moles, and too many more to name. They all seemed to be stirred up about something. 
Above the crowd, Matilda saw a banner stretched across the road. It had “START” printed in large letters on one side, and “FINISH” on the other side. Standing under the banner were a hare and a tortoise. The hare was doing warm-up exercises, stretching his legs, swinging his arms and running on the spot while one weasel handed him a bottle of water and another wiped him down with a towel. The Tortoise stood on his own, occasionally sticking out one little leg at a time from beneath his shell.  
At last a badger walked out in front of the crowd and asked for silence.  
“As you are all aware,” he began to ramble on in a slow, deep, important voice, as badgers do,  
“Mr Hare and Mr Tortoise have had a disagreement over their place of residence. Mr Hare declares that he found the cosy hole in the wood first. Mr Tortoise disagrees. He says that his family has lived there for generations and it was only left unattended while he was on a long visit to his Grandma in Totting Waters. Mr Hare has therefore challenged Mr Tortoise to a race around the forest, the winner to have the right to the residence. Mr Tortoise has . . . humph . . . foolishly agreed to the challenge, but so be it. When I blow my whistle the race will begin - one lap of the road around the forest. May the best animal win.”  
The hare stepped up to the starting line still doing his exercises. The tortoise waddled over and looked sadly at the crowd. “How did I ever get into this silly contest,” he thought to himself. “Ready!” shouted the badger. “Set!” and then blew his whistle.  
The hare raced down the road as the tortoise shuffled off the starting line. The hare stopped a little way down the road, turned to the tortoise and called out, “Watch out for that snail overtaking you, Mr Plod.” And the crowd burst out laughing.  
“One step at a time. One step at a time,” the tortoise repeated to himself as he wandered along.  
He saw the hare disappearing around a bend.  
Matilda knew how the story went but she was in for a shock when she followed the hare. Of course she couldn’t keep up with him so she called on her fairy friend.  
“Peri,” she said when the little fairy appeared on her shoulder, “I need to keep up with the hare  
So I can see what he’s up to. Can you arrange that?”  
“No problem,” Peri informed her and she waved her wand. In the blink of an eye Matilda was by the edge of the forest watching the hare come down the road towards her. But the surprising thing was that there were two weasels there as well. The road crossed a small stream and the weasels were busy removing several planks from the bridge across the water. It would be impossible for the tortoise to leap across the gap. The weasels were laughing to themselves as the hare approached, jumped over the obstacle, waved to the weasels and continued on his way.  
“Not fair,” whispered Matilda, and asked Peri to settle the score with the weasels.  
Another wave of her wand and the two weasels were thrown into the air, off the bridge, and into the stream. While they were busy trying to stay afloat and screaming blue murder, Matilda rushed out to replace the planks. Soon she saw the tortoise clumping towards her so she ran back to hide in the forest.  
“One step at a time. One step at a time,” the little tortoise kept muttering to himself. He crawled across the bridge and looked down at the weasels thrashing about in the water.  
“Strange animals, those weasels,” he commented.  
“I wonder what other surprises the weasels have in store?” sighed Matilda and asked Peri to follow the hare again.  
This time she arrived ahead of the hare to see another two weasels cutting down a tree and laying it across the road. The hare easily vaulted over the tree and disappeared into the distance.  
“Another dirty trick,” said Matilda. “Go to work Peri.”  
When the fairy waved her wand this time, the weasels were lifted into the air and hung by the braces of their overalls to a branch of a tree way up in the air. They struggled and squealed as they tried to free themselves. Meanwhile, Matilda pulled the fallen tree off the road.  
Along came the little tortoise still muttering to himself, “One step at a time. One step at a time.”  
As he passed, he looked up at the two weasels hanging from the branch.  
“I wonder how they managed to do that?” he murmured to himself. “Those weasels are strange animals.” And he kept trudging along.  
“Let’s go,” said Matilda to Peri, and they disappeared.  
When they caught up with the hare again he was sitting under the shade of a tree having a picnic.  
Another weasel was fussing around him, straightening the picnic blanket and serving him drinks.  
The hare was happily chewing on a bright orange carrot.  
“Ah,” he smiled, “this is the life. More carrot juice, weasel!”  
The weasel rushed over and poured him a drink from a cold flask.  
“I believe I even have time for a nap,” said the hare. “What do you think, weasel?”  
“You sure do,” agreed the weasel. “That stupid tortoise is probably still trying to think of a way over the bridge. You have a nap and I’ll run back to see what’s happening.”  
“Very well,” said the hare as he lay back on the blanket.  
Peri waved her wand and put the hare into a very deep sleep.  
The weasel hadn’t gone far up the road when he saw the little tortoise trudging towards him.  
“How did you get here?” asked the surprised weasel.  
“One step at a time. One step at a time,” the little tortoise answered.  
“Well, I’ll have to do something about this,” snarled the weasel walking towards the tortoise, intending to roll him onto his back.  
From the forest, Peri waved her wand. A length of rope appeared out of nowhere and, as if alive, wound itself around and around the weasel so that he couldn’t move. He fell to the ground and thrashed about trying to free himself.  
“Strange animals, those weasels,” muttered the little tortoise as he lumbered past.  
Finally the tortoise passed by the hare, fast asleep and snoring on the picnic rug.   
“Strange animal that hare,” he said quietly to himself as he kept grinding along – one step at a time.  
The finishing line came into sight. The animals were crowded around under the banner wondering what was taking the hare so long. They were absolutely shocked to see the tortoise heading towards them – one step at a time. He was only fifty metres from the end of the race.  
“Let’s make this interesting,” said Analise. “Peri wake up our hare.” The fairy waved her wand and the hare bounced up off his rug, shaking his head.  
“Wh-wh-what happened?” he asked himself. Then he looked down at his wrist watch. “No!” he shouted as he saw that he had been asleep for over two hours. “I can’t believe it!” He set off as fast as his legs could carry him.  
The tortoise was creeping up to the finish line when the hare came into view. “One step at a time,” he whispered and touched the line just as the hare reached him.  
“The winner!” yelled the badger, holding up the tortoise’s front leg.  
“He cheated!” protested the hare, tears streaming down his face.  
“I did not,” stated the little tortoise. “You went to sleep in the middle of the race. I saw you. You were so sure you were going to beat me that you thought you could take a rest. But I did beat you. Fair and square.”  
At that moment two weasels walked up to the hare.  
“Where’s our money?” demanded the bigger of the two.  
“Yeah,” added the smaller one, “You said you’d pay us if we made it hard for the tortoise. Now settle up.”  
“Is this true?” asked the badger.  
“’Course it’s true,” said the big weasel. “We weasels might do a lot of rotten things but we doesn’t lie.”  
“Don’t lie,” the precise badger corrected him.  
“Whatever,” said the weasel. “All we wants is our money.” And he stood over the hare to threaten him.  
“I said I’d pay you when I won,” said the hare in a trembling voice. “And I didn’t win, did I?”  
“Ah,” said the weasel. “So that’s your game, eh? Well I’ll show you what us weasels do to animals that goes back on their word.” They both picked up heavy sticks.  
The hare took off down the road with the weasels close behind, swinging their weapons.  
“Well it seems that hare is in a real race this time,” observed the badger, and the animals roared with laughter. They crowded around the little tortoise patting his shell.  
“Time for us to leave, Peri,” said Matilda as she walked into the forest. The Story Mat appeared and they hopped on board. With a “Whoosh!” the journey home began.  
As soon as they were back in the bedroom Peri kissed Matilda on the cheek and flew back to the attic to join Maximilian. Meanwhile, Matilda sat down to do some hard thinking. It wasn't  long before she would have to return the Story Mat and also have the answer to Maximilian's question, “What magic jewel have you discovered in your journeys?” At the moment she had no idea.  


Chapter 13
The Secret Jewel

As Matilda sat on her bed thinking about Maximilian’s question, a strange thing happened. There was a rumble from her bookshelf and a book flew out onto the floor. She jumped off her bed, picked it up, and looked at the title – “The Arabian Nights”. Suddenly the book opened in her hands and the pages turned as if by a breeze even though there wasn’t a breath of wind in the room. Matilda looked at the page in front of her. It was the introduction to the book and said:  
“In all stories there is a precious jewel.  When it comes into contact with people, it changes them. The jewel is the story itself.”  
She had discovered the secret jewel! Matilda was so excited she didn’t stop to wonder how the book happened to pop out of her bookshelf and turn to the right page. But a little fairy knew. 
That night, after dinner, she climbed the stairs to her room, rolled up the Story Mat, grabbed her torch, and headed for the attic. It didn’t seem as far this time because she knew what to expect.  
When she reached the top, she turned the latch on the attic door and pushed it inwards. Once inside, she reached up for the cord and pulled it to turn on the light. Everything looked the same as it had been on her first visit, except for a few more cobwebs.  
She walked over to the box that had contained the Story Mat and lifted the lid. A cloud of smoke shot out of the box and, when it had cleared, there was Maximilian with a smile on his face.  
“Ah, my little one,” his voice rumbled gently,” our pretty fairy told me that your visits to the five stories were successful and I can tell you that you have passed your second test. In the future you will be allowed to take the Story Mat into longer stories of your own making - if you wish to do so.  
But that is for later. Right now I hope you have the answer to my question.”  
“I think I do,” replied Matilda.  
“First tell me what you learnt from your adventures,” interrupted Maximilian.  
“Well,” began Matilda, counting them off on her fingers, “from ‘Little Red Riding Hood’ I learnt that you should never speak to strangers. Red Riding Hood put herself and her Grandmother in great danger by talking to the Wolf. And the Wolf taught me that there is some good in everyone if you can find a way to reach it.”  
“Well done,” said Maximilian. “Continue.”  
“From the ‘Emperor’s New Clothes’ I learnt that you should never let your vanity interfere with your decisions. He was so self-important that the thieving tailors had no trouble tricking him. And with the ‘Three Billy Goats Gruff’ I saw how greed can destroy anybody. I mean, the Troll could have had both the smaller billy-goats but he wanted the biggest one and that was a disastrous mistake.”  
“Excellent,” laughed Maximilian, clapping his hands. “And what did you learn from the last two stories?”  
“The Burgermeister broke his promise and paid for it. You should never go back on a promise. If you don’t mean to do it, don’t promise it. And, of course, “The Hare and the Tortoise” showed how sure and steady wins the race. ‘One step at a time'. Although the hare didn’t help himself by being so conceited. Just like the Emperor.”  
“You have certainly learnt a lot, my little one,” said Maximilian. “And you shall have the chance to learn more later on, if you so desire. Now, finally, can you tell me of the secret jewel that you have discovered?”  
“I’ve already told you what the jewel is,” laughed Matilda.  
“How so?” asked Maximilian with a frown.  
“The jewel is the story, because it changes people when it comes into contact with them. Every story is a precious jewel. I learnt something from every story I visited and that’s what happens to everybody who reads them,” exclaimed Matilda.  
“So true,” agreed Maximilian. “Books are wonderful things that should be treasured just as jewels are. You have done well, my little one.”  
“Thank you, Maximilian, for trusting me with your Story Mat,” said Matilda, “and thank you for lending me Peri. I couldn’t have survived without her.”  
With a ‘Zing’, Peri appeared on Maximilian’s shoulder.  
“Thank you for your friendship, Matilda,” she said. “I enjoyed sharing your adventures with you even though I thought you might be a bit too pushy at the beginning. Be safe and I’ll see you again soon, I hope.”  
Matilda handed the Story Mat to Maximilian who placed it carefully back into the box and closed the lid.  
“We must be going,” he said with a smile. “Take care, my little one, and look for us again when you are ready for more adventures with the Story Mat.”  
They both slowly faded away.  
Matilda could not stop the tears. Her adventures were over – for the time being. She couldn’t resist one last look in the box but, when she lifted the lid, she saw nothing but cobwebs. The Story Mat had disappeared.  
She left the attic and made her way, sadly, to her room. After she had wiped away her tears and washed her face, she went downstairs to join her parents. This was the moment of truth. Now that the adventures were over, she could tell her parents the real facts.  


Chapter 14
Honesty Is The Best Policy

Her mother and father were in the lounge room when Matilda came downstairs. As usual, they had their heads buried in books.  
Standing in the doorway, Matilda announced, “Mum, Dad, I have something important to say to you.”  
They both looked up from their books.  
“Hello, sweetheart,” said her mother.  
“Hi, Possum,” mumbled her father.  
“What did you say, dear?” asked her mother. Her father had continued reading.  
“I said I have something important to tell you,” repeated Matilda.  
They both looked up and closed their books with puzzled looks on their faces. Matilda sat down facing them.  
“Well?” said her parents together.  
“I went up to the attic,” Matilda confessed.  
“Tut-tut-tut,” said her father. “You disobeyed us?”  
“Yes,” admitted Matilda. “And I’m really sorry. But I found something exciting there. You won’t believe what was in one of the boxes I opened.”  
“Surprise us,” said her mother with a frown.  
“Maximilian, and a little fairy . . . and a Story Mat,” Matilda told them excitedly. “And I’ve had all sorts of adventures.”  
“The Story Mat wouldn’t be the same one we saw in your room would it?” asked her father.  
“Yes, yes,” replied Matilda. “And it took me into stories so I could meet the characters in them.” She rushed on, “A troll, an Emperor, a wolf, and all sorts of other animals. It was so exciting.”  
“And this all happened on that carpet in your room, is that right?” asked her mother doubtfully.  
“Yes,” said Matilda. “I couldn’t tell you about it before because Maximilian told me it had to be a secret.”  
“Maximilian, eh?” said her father, raising his eyebrows..  
“And what about the fairy?” asked her mother.  
“She helped me when I got into trouble,” Matilda explained. She could tell from the  
expressions on her parents faces that they didn’t believe her. They thought it was just her imagination.  
“Well, that’s really interesting,” said her father, going back to his book.  
“We’re so happy that you’re getting such enjoyment out of your books, dear,” added her mother.  
“But you really shouldn’t have gone into the attic. It could be dangerous.”  
“Promise us you won’t go up there again,” said her father from behind his book, “and we’ll forget it ever happened.”  
Matilda gave up. They would never believe her. And she didn’t blame them. It really was a fantastic story.  
Crossing her fingers behind her back, Matilda said, “Okay, I promise I won’t go into the attic again.”  
But she wondered how she was going to explain the fact that the Story Mat was no  
longer in her room.  
 

STORY 2  

MATILDA  AND THE ZITHIUM WAR  


Chapter 1
Unwelcome Visitors

Matilda's baby brother had finally arrived. Her parents had named him Hieronymus, after a favourite character in one of her mother's books. Matilda felt sorry for him having to carry that name with him for the rest of his life. What were parents thinking of when they gave babies strange names? How would they like it?
Although he had a good set of lungs and his crying often interrupted her sleep (and her parents' sleep as well), Matilda loved Hieronymus dearly, not only because he was her cute brother, but also because he was the reason the family had moved into “The Celestial Mansion”. If it hadn't been for him the family would still be stuck in that little house, up to their ears in books, and Matilda would never have climbed to the attic. She would never have met Maximilian and she would never have travelled on the Story Mat.
 As she sat on her bed, her thoughts were interrupted by the cries of her new brother from below. They were the cries of an empty tummy. Matilda jumped off her bed and raced down the steps to join her parents. She found her mother in the kitchen reading a letter and her father feeding the baby.
“Oh, no!” her mother cried.
“What’s wrong?” asked her father as he pushed a spoonful of mush into the baby's mouth.
“Percival and Prudence are coming to visit. I knew we shouldn’t have told them about the new baby. They say they want to help us out for a week or so. Oh, no, no, no!”
“Help us out? Criticise everything we do, more likely,” added her father.
Uncle Percival was Frank’s brother but they were completely different. Frank was gentle and kind (and spellbound by books). He cared about people, and ideas, and animals and . . . everything. The only thing Uncle Percival cared about was money. He was very, very rich and had made his millions selling stuffed toy koala bears to tourists at the International Airport. While Frank was tall, thin and quite handsome, Uncle Percy was short and dumpy, a little bantam rooster, with a bald spot on his chubby head. He was always going on about Frank living in the clouds and not being worth anything.
“It’s time you made something of yourself, Frank,” he’d say with his thumbs stuck into his waistcoat pockets and his fat belly pushed out in front. “You’re wasting your life away. You need to get out, make money, lift yourself out of this mess you live in. But don’t come to me looking for a bankroll. You have to do these things on your own, you know. That’s what I did. And look at me now.”
"Indeed," Frank would think while he ignored his brother and continued reading.
But if Uncle Percival was a pain, Aunt Prudence was pure torture. She was twice the size of her husband, had a loud squealing voice and was forever picking fault with everything in the house. She particularly gave Matilda a hard time. They had no children of their own and seemed to resent having a child in the same house. Aunt Prudence was continually telling Matilda how untidy she looked, ordering her to do things and telling her how children “should be seen and not heard” whenever Matilda offered a comment.
“Grr-rr-rr,” thought Matilda.
The worst thing, though, was their little dog. It was a Chinese Pug dog called Peekee. As it was with many pets, it had developed a personality like its mistress. It growled, snarled and snapped whenever Matilda came near it. Worse still, it had a weak bladder and went to the toilet everywhere – on the floor, on the lounge, over her parents’ books, into the pot plants (they died) and even on the beds. Matilda called it Pee-Pee behind her aunt’s back.
Whenever Peekee went to the toilet on something, Aunt Prudence would rush over, pick up the dog, give it a cuddle and say, “Oh you naughty, naughty little dog. Look what you’ve done. But you can’t help it, can you? It’s that nasty bladder isn’t it? Poor, poor puppy. Matilda will clean it up for you. Matilda!” The screech of her voice would send Matilda into hiding. “Where is that lazy girl?” Aunt Prudence would continue as she patted Peekee. “Can’t she do anything? Children can be so useless.”
Meanwhile Matilda’s mother would rush around trying to keep everybody happy. She looked up the fanciest meals in her recipe books, bought the best cuts of meat and freshest vegetables. She cooked over a hot stove for hours and, when she finally put the meals in front of her guests, the only responses she got were, “This tastes horrible”, “Not as nice as Beppi’s Restaurant” or, “Is this left-overs from Christmas?”
Matilda felt so sorry for her mother she could have cried.
So, after Uncle Percy and Aunt Prudence arrived in their new Mercedes car, it wasn’t long before Matilda was fed up with their rudeness and nastiness. She decided to get away from it all, take up Maximilian’s offer after all, and return to the attic.  


Chapter 2
The Attic Revisited

Late at night, when everybody was asleep, Matilda climbed the stairs to the attic. The wind howled outside as it rushed in from the sea, and once again the old building rocked on its foundations. It was pitch black but her torch showed the way, step by nervous step.
At last she reached the small door leading into the attic. Kneeling down, she lifted the latch and the door squeaked open. She crawled inside and pulled the cord to switch on the light. The room seemed the same, with the strange boxes piled everywhere and the walls covered in spider webs. She jumped backwards as a loud voice filled the room.
“Well, well, little Matilda,” said the voice coming from the speaker on the wall, “here you are again. You know that I heard what Maximilian said about me when he met you. ‘A cranky old fusspot’. Not very nice. You seem to have impressed him but don’t get carried away with yourself, little girl. I’m . . . not . . . very . . . happy. And I control things around here. So you better watch what you do. I can be cranky, fussy and nasty.”
“But that was Maximilian, not me,” said Matilda, feeling a little scared – and silly, talking to a wall.
“Harumph. I know that,” said the voice sharply. “But Maximilian has to learn that I’m in charge of this attic and I demand respect – even if he is my superior. The sooner he understands that the happier everybody will be.”
The conversation was interrupted by a flash of light followed by a cloud of smoke and there, in the middle of the room, Maximilian appeared, still dressed in his purple robe and fez, with his powerful arms again folded across his chest.
“What’s this nonsense you’re carrying on with old man?” roared Maximilian. “How dare you question my authority. I have a good mind to send you back into the desert where you belong.”
“Oh, please, please master, forgive me. I didn’t mean to question you. I was just . . . just . . .a bit upset, that’s all. Please don’t send me away,” the voice pleaded. Matilda began to feel sorry for him. But she had no need to worry as Maximilian continued.
“Very well, you can stay. But make sure you keep your place in the scheme of things mystic. You are the caretaker of the attic, not the master. Understand?”
“Yes, yes,” said the voice. “Thank you master. Thank you. I think I’ll just switch off now. Goodbye everyone.” And the room went quiet.
Maximilian turned to Matilda with a smile.
“Hello my little brave one. It fills my heart with joy to see you again.”
“I feel the same . . .  Maximilian,” said Matilda, still shy about using his name.
“I believe you’ve been having an unpleasant time lately with some repulsive relatives,” said Maximilian.
“How do you know that?” asked Matilda, amazed at Maximilian’s knowledge.
“In my mystic world we know a great deal,” Maximilian informed her. “Perhaps I will be able to help you out with your problem later. But first I want to hear of your reason for visiting me again.”
“I would really like to go on an adventure, Ali . . . that is if you think I can manage it,” replied Matilda.
“Of course you can,” said Maximilian. “I wouldn’t send you if I wasn’t sure. But first you have to meet your special friend again.”
He snapped his fingers and the little Persian fairy, Peri, appeared, on his shoulder. She held her wand in her hand.
“Of course you remember Peri from your storybook adventures,” continued Maximilian. “My favourite Eastern Fairy.” He smiled at the fairy who snuggled up to his cheek. “You two are going to have another wonderful experience together.”
The little fairy nodded at Matilda, “Hi, Matilda,” she said with a smile.
“Hello, Peri,” Matilda replied gently. She was happy to be reunited with her friend.
“Once again Peri will accompany you on the adventure and, once again, she will be your protector,” said Maximilian. “Her magic wand saved you many times in the past and it will do the same in your next venture should you choose to do it.”
Peri flew across to sit on Matilda’s shoulder. Then she suddenly vanished.
Maximilian laughed, “Oh, yes. You'll remember that while she has the magic wand, Peri can appear and disappear whenever she wishes. That will come in handy as well.”
The fairy reappeared on Matilda’s shoulder. “I’ll always be here for you. All you have to do is whisper my name,” she said.
“I remember,” replied Matilda warmly.
“Now it’s time to get down to business,” said Maximilian.  


Chapter 3
The Challenge

“First of all I must explain something to you. The Other World that you will be travelling into exists as a parallel world to your own. Imagine an opaque glass wall that separates your world from another, side by side but unknown to each other. The Story Mat gives you the ability to pass through this wall and you will travel to new and strange lands,” explained Maximilian. “This time you will be taking part in your own story as it unfolds. What happens will very much depend on how you behave. Nothing is certain.”
It sounded thrilling to Matilda. “What are these lands?” she asked.
Maximilian clicked his fingers again and a large scroll appeared in his hand. He unrolled it on the floor and, with a flick of his hand, pins nailed it to the floor.
Matilda saw a map in front of her. It showed two large islands called Laboria and Bivia. They were separated by the Fluvian Strait and there were several smaller islands to the north of Laboria. Both of the large islands had a volcano at their centre and appeared to be tropical.
“Two countries in the Indigo Ocean,” explained Maximilian, “commanded by the Wizard of Laboria and the Witch of Bivia, separated by a small patch of sea – and opposites in everything. Unfortunately, in this case, opposites definitely do not attract . . . as you shall discover, my little friend.”
“Will it be dangerous?” asked Matilda.
“Yes it could be dangerous at times,” confessed Maximilian, “but you will have Peri to protect you with her wand.”
“But we will have to be careful,” interrupted Peri. “If we use the wand too much it can run out of power and need time to recharge.”
Matilda remembered the time she had been saved from the Troll in the nick of time and Peri had used up most of the wand’s power to freeze the horrible monster.
“I am sure you will be able to use it wisely,” said Maximilian. “However, if it becomes very dangerous, you must promise me that you will immediately return on the Story Mat. Is that clear?”
“I promise,” said Matilda, feeling her tummy rumble with butterflies. She was beginning to have niggling doubts about the wisdom of going.
“You will be all right,” said Maximilian, reading her mind again. “You have already shown me your bravery and, with the help of Peri, I am certain that you will overcome all of the difficulties you will meet.”
Suddenly they heard barking at the door. They turned to see Peekee standing in the doorway snarling and yapping at them. It had obviously followed Matilda’s scent up to the attic.
Matilda started to move towards the dog but it bared its teeth, growled, then barked even louder. She backed away. Something had to be done before the dog woke up the whole household and they came to investigate.
There was a bright flash and Peekee was hidden by a cloud of smoke. When the smoke cleared, Matilda saw that the dog had been changed into a soft toy. It just lay there, its legs spread - eagled.
“That will keep him quiet for a while,” laughed Maximilian. “What a nasty little animal.”
“Aunt Prudence will have a fit,” whispered Matilda, in shock.
“Oh, don’t worry, little one, I’ll restore him later on – but with a much nicer personality. Now where were we? Ah, yes, the adventure. You can choose the time you wish to leave but you should not delay for very long. Events are developing on the islands and you need to be there as soon as possible. Remember that time will stand still while you are away so you won’t be missed.”
“That’s a relief,” sighed Matilda.
Maximilian handed her the map. “Keep this safe and it is important that you study it carefully before you set out,” advised Maximilian, then clicked his fingers again. “And here is your transport.” The Story Mat appeared and gently floated to the floor. Matilda was once again gobsmacked by its beauty.
“When you are ready to leave,” explained Maximilian, “as before, you simply place the map on the sun in the centre of the carpet, fold your arms and close your eyes, and the carpet will take you away. Be careful, my precious ones, and have a wonderful adventure. I will not rest until you return.” And he slowly faded away.  


Chapter 4
Preparing For The Adventure

Matilda rolled up the Story Mat and pushed it and the map through the small door. Crawling outside, she picked them up and shone her torch down the stairway. Nothing was moving in the house and she could hear Uncle Percival’s snoring, rising from the floor below. Clearly nobody had been woken by Peekee’s barking. Thinking of the dog, she bent down and picked it up from beside the door. She would have to hide it until the adventure was over.
Matilda checked to see that Peri was still with her.
“Peri,” she whispered, and the little fairy appeared on her shoulder.
“Don’t worry,” she said, “I won’t leave you.’ And she disappeared again.
Matilda climbed gingerly down the stairs to her bedroom. She stored the Story Mat under her bed, then picked up Peekee and wondered what she could do with him. The positive thing was that she knew time stood still in the real world while she was away on her adventures so, if she left on her adventure first thing in the morning, Peekee would not be missed before she returned. She finally decided to hide the dog under her pillow. At least there was no chance now that its weak bladder would cause any problem.
Stretching her arms and yawning, Matilda climbed into bed and unrolled the map in front of her. According to the scale of the map, the islands of Laboria and Bivia were only about 50 kilometres apart. Pretty close for two empires that didn’t get on, she thought, and wondered which island the Story Mat would transport her to first.
The map was beautifully drawn with exquisite lettering and landform details for both islands. Each appeared to be formed by extinct volcanoes with a mountain in the centre and the land sloping down to the sea with a broad coastal strip around their edges. It was here that the main settlements were located. Laboria was much larger than Bivia.
  Looking closely , she saw that there was strange writing at the bottom. She had no idea what it
said as it was in some sort of weird code, with no spaces between words. The letter ‘Z’ appeared quite often:

“GSOZDUJMIMTZIHZSOJOZ
 HOOQZGSOZGJAGSZ
 YOVEJOZBEAZUXXOLGZ
 DSUGZBEAZHOOZUMWZUJOZGEPWZ
 UPPZIHZMEGZUHZIGZHOONHZ”.

Matilda was not good at solving codes so she quickly copied the message onto a piece of paper and put it in the pocket of her jeans. Perhaps somebody would be able to translate it for her when she arrived on one of the islands.
With that last thought, Matilda rolled up the map and pushed it under her bed. She turned out the light and pulled up the covers. Within minutes she had drifted into a deep sleep.

**************************

Matilda heard a loud scream. She sat up in bed, thinking that she was having a dream. But no, there it was again, an ear-splitting shriek from downstairs, followed by blubbering sobs. Matilda recognised the voice – Aunt Prudence! She looked up at the clock on her bedroom wall and saw that she had overslept. It was 8.30, well past the time she had planned to go on her adventure.
Then she heard her aunt screech. “She’s done something to my poor Peekee. I know she has. That nasty little girl. Matilda! Matilda! Get down here immediately!”
The first thing that popped into Matilda’s head was how her aunt could possibly know what had happened to Peekee. She checked under her pillow and there was the little dog, slightly squashed but still looking like a soft toy. She quickly hopped out of bed and pulled on her clothes. There was nothing to do but face the music.
She reached the bottom of the stairs to find Aunt Prudence sitting on the lounge with her head buried in Uncle Percival’s arms and her parents looking shattered.
“Aunt Prudence can’t find Peekee,” said her father. “He always sleeps on their bed but he was missing this morning. Do you know where he is?”
“I’m sure he’s all right, Daddy. I haven’t seen him running around. He’s probably hiding somewhere.” She hadn’t answered her father’s question but she hadn’t told a fib either.
“Mm-m-m,” muttered her father, sensing that something was not right.
Suddenly Aunt Prudence jumped up, knocking Uncle Percival onto the floor.
Pointing a fat finger at Matilda, she screamed, “You’ve never liked Peekee. You’re jealous of him. What have you done to him you nasty little girl?”
“I haven’t done anything,” replied Matilda. After all, it was Maximilian who had turned him into a soft toy. “He has to be somewhere in the house. Let’s all look.”
“That sounds like a good idea,” said her mother. “We should all search the house before we panic . . . and start accusing.”
“I know something’s happened to him. I just know,” wept Aunt Prudence.
“Well, you just sit here and rest while we look,” said mother. “I’ll get you a glass of water.” She rushed out into the kitchen, returned with a drink and handed it to her.
Uncle Percival had picked himself up from the floor and was dusting himself off. “Yes, my darling,” he added, “We’ll find Peekee. You just relax.”
Aunt Prudence continued to sob and just waved her hand at them.
“I’ll look upstairs,” Matilda said quickly, and rushed out of the room. Taking the steps two at a time she reached her bedroom and pulled the Story Mat and map from under her bed. She had to start her adventure immediately and make time stand still before things became worse. Maximilian had assured her that he would restore Peekee when she returned. 
She whispered, “Peri,Placing the map on the golden sun in the centre of the carpet, Matilda sat down, folded her arms and closed her eyes.
WHOOSH! The Story Mat lifted off the floor and shot into space.


Chapter 5
Laboria

Matilda felt the wind blowing against her face and just managed to open her eyes. She saw white light all around her and sparkles shaped like stars whizzing by, in all the colours of the rainbow. It was as if she were flying through a long tube. The wind finally forced her to close her eyes. Soon she felt the Story Mat slow down and settle on solid ground. Matilda opened her eyes again.
She was on a hillside covered in lush green grass and magnificent trees. Behind her was a slope leading up to a massive volcano. Looking down from the hill she could see the ocean and a large city snuggled along the coast. All of the houses were painted white and shimmered in the sunshine. As she stepped off the Story Mat it rolled itself up and disappeared.
She was admiring the view when she felt something tug at her shoulders. She was suddenly lifted off the ground and up into the sky. Twisting her head she peered into the eyes of the largest eagle she had ever seen. It was pure white with green eyes and a razor-sharp beak. The bird had its talons wrapped over her shoulders and arms. She was being taken high above the island. Matilda panicked, then remembered her guardian, Peri.
“Peri!” she shouted and the little fairy appeared on her shoulder, her wand in her hand. But, before Peri could do anything, the giant eagle rolled in the sky and Peri had to make a grab for Matilda’s hair to stop herself falling to the ground far below. As she clutched at a clump of hair her wand fell from her hand. She watched as it tumbled through the sky, down, down, down, into a forest.
“Uh, oh,” thought Matilda, as she saw the wand disappear, “now we’re in big trouble.”
“Don’t worry,” came a voice from above them, “you’re safe with me. Just relax and enjoy the flight.” Matilda looked up to see that the eagle was actually smiling down at her.
“You can talk?” she said in amazement.
“Of course,” replied the eagle. “I have been sent to transport you to our leader. You have nothing to fear.”
“That’s all right for you to say. You’re not hanging up here without wings,” thought Matilda, but said, “What about the wand?”
“Oh, yes,” said the eagle. “Sorry about that. I struck a bit of turbulence. We’ll look for it later. I’m sure you’ll get it back.” And the bird grinned.
Meanwhile, Peri had steadied herself on Matilda’s shoulder, still gripping a hank of hair. “I don’t think I like this,” she whispered in Matilda’s ear. “I can’t defend you without my wand and I can’t disappear from sight. I truly think we’re out of our depth here.”
“He says you’ll get your wand back,” Matilda whispered. “We’ll have to trust him until we find out otherwise. Unfortunately we don’t have much choice.”
The eagle began to descend towards the city but, at the last moment, veered towards cliffs above and behind the buildings. It glided down to earth and gently dropped Matilda and Peri on a tiled forecourt surrounded by beautiful shrubs and statues. When they turned towards the cliff face they saw a wall of glass wedged into what looked like a cave.
“I must leave you now,” said the eagle. “If you walk up to the glass wall you will be guided to our leader.”
The eagle took to the air again with one beat of its huge wings that made Matilda and Peri duck for cover.  


Chapter 6
The Wizard Of Laboria

When the eagle had disappeared into the distance, Matilda turned towards the glass wall. It looked menacing and her stomach filled with butterflies.
“Well, Peri, here goes,” she said to the little fairy on her shoulder as she climbed the steps leading up to the glass. As soon as she stood in front of it, part of the wall dissolved to form a door and a strange animal appeared – the top half was human and the bottom half was crocodile. It wore a brass helmet and chain-mail, and carried a long spear.
“Welcome to the palace of the Mighty Wizard.” It spoke in a deep, gruff voice. “Please follow me.” And with that it turned on its heel and proceeded down a long hallway, waddling on its crocodile legs and swishing its tail behind. Matilda trotted along in its wake.
The hallway was all glass but it was dull and didn’t reflect anything. It was like walking in an ice house. At the end of the hallway they entered a huge foyer shaped like the inside of a cave. It was stunning in its beauty. Giant crystal chandeliers hung high above their heads. Coloured jewels were scattered across the ceiling. The walls were clear glass and were filled with a multitude of tropical fish and exquisite coral so that Matilda felt that she was beneath the ocean. White lounges and small tables were scattered around and, in the centre of the room, there was a large glass globe standing on a golden pedestal. Inside, resting on a velvet cushion, was what looked like a lump of amber about the size of a tennis ball. It was a rich ruby-red colour and seemed to produce its own light. There were guards standing motionless around it. Obviously it was something very valuable.
Their guard walked straight through the foyer as Matilda tried to keep up, turning her head to take in the sights. At the opposite end there was another series of stairs that led through an archway, all glass. More of the half-human, half-crocodile guards were lined along the walls.
    At last they reached two large silver doors. The guard reached out and swung them open. He led Matilda and Peri into a chamber that was pure white. Thick white carpet covered the floor, white walls towered above them and, at the end, sitting on a white throne was a Wizard dressed in white robes and holding a white rod. Positioned beside him was a great white tiger on one side and an enormous white cobra, with its hood expanded, on the other side. The whiteness of everything made Matilda’s eyes ache. As they approached the throne the Wizard stood and held out his arms.
“Welcome, welcome, welcome, my little friends. Welcome to Laboria, Empire of the Supreme Wizard,” he said in a booming voice. “That’s me,” he whispered with a smile.  


Chapter 7
The Wizard’s Familiars

The Wizard dismissed the guard with a wave of his hand.
“We have been looking forward to meeting you at last,” he said.
“You knew we were coming? How?” asked Matilda.
“The Supreme Wizard knows everything,” replied the Wizard as if he were talking about somebody else. He continued. “I trust that your flight here was comfortable. We are extremely proud of our Aquila Airline.”
Matilda was becoming confused. “Aquila Airline? What’s that?” she enquired.
“The giant white eagle that carried you here,” explained the Wizard. “We have several of them. They look after our air travel when it is required.”
“I don’t think ‘comfortable’ is the best word to describe it . . . ,” Matilda paused and, thinking of her manners, asked, “What may I call you?”
“Oh, ‘Sire’ will do,” the Wizard answered with a smile.
“Well, Sire, I think ‘surprising’ is a better word to describe our flight,” said Matilda. “Very surprising.”
“And I believe you lost something during the flight,” said the Wizard.
“Er, yes,” said Matilda, amazed again by the Wizard’s knowledge. “My friend Peri dropped her magic wand into a forest.”
“Tut-tut,” muttered the Wizard. “How unfortunate. But you mustn’t worry. I’ll send a party of guards out immediately to find the wand and return it to you.”
“Thank you, Sire,” said Matilda. “It’s very valuable.” Just then she noticed the cobra swaying backwards and forwards, its piercing green eyes fixed on Peri.
“Are those your pets?” asked Matilda, nodding at the animals.
“Oh, dear,” said the Wizard in a surprised voice, “how rude of me not to introduce my animals. No, they are not my pets. They are called ‘Familiars’. Every Wizard or Witch has them to help with their magic.” The Wizard indicated with his hands. “My tiger is called Gwodlyn. And my cobra is Hermalkin.” The tiger gave a huge yawn and the cobra hissed. “They are as valuable to me as your little fairy’s wand is to her. Say hello to our visitors my dears.”
“Pleas-s-sed to s-s-see you,” said Hermalkin the cobra, swaying its hooded head.
“Happy to meet you,” growled the tiger.
Matilda nodded to them politely. “And your guards,” she ventured. “What are they?”
“Ah, my Reptors. My own creation. Interesting aren’t they? Half human, half crocodile. But they are simply for show. We have nothing to fear in Laboria except for . . . but that’s another matter. No, everybody in Laboria is happy and contented. As our name suggests, we believe in hard work and production and we have wonderful lives as a result. I’m sure you’ll see this during your stay with us. Now that’s enough information for the moment. I have arranged for a guide to show you around my cave and, later, our island.”
He clicked his fingers and a short, tubby man with a bald head trotted into the chamber. He had a bright red face and wore a white robe that trailed out behind him. He bowed and looked up at the Wizard.
 “At your service, Sire,” he said in a squeaky voice.
“This is Bolgobin,” the Wizard said to Matilda. “He shall be your guide while you are with us and he’ll show you to your quarters after a tour of the cave. We want you to have a wonderful time in Laboria so don’t hesitate to ask for anything you desire. We have it all.” With that the Wizard disappeared behind the throne, followed by the tiger and cobra.  


Chapter 8
The Wizard’s Cave

“Well,” squeaked Bolgobin, rubbing his tiny hands together, “Isn’t this exciting. Where shall we begin?”
Matilda and Peri looked at each other and raised their eyebrows. Bolgobin was an odd little man.
“Er, you just lead the way,” said Matilda. “We’ll ask questions as we go.”
“Yes, yes,” agreed Bolgobin. “Let’s walk this way.” With that he turned and, tripping over the hem of his robe, fell flat on his face on the carpet. Matilda quickly turned and fell to the ground as well. Peri dropped off her shoulder and rolled onto the carpet.
“You did say walk this way,” said Matilda from the floor and they all began laughing. Bolgobin had the funniest laugh she had ever heard. It was like a donkey braying. Matilda and Peri started giggling all over again. They were beginning to like Bolgobin.
“I’m a bit clumsy, I’m afraid,” he laughed as he stood and smoothed out his clothes. “I don’t know why the Wizard bothers with me. Really I don’t.” He shook his head in disbelief. “Anyway,” he continued with a smile, “We’d better move on – carefully.”
With Peri restored on her shoulder, Matilda followed Bolgobin out through the silver doors.
“We’ll visit the foyer first,” said Bolgobin, lifting the hem of his robe as he hopped down the stairs.
As soon as they entered the foyer, several Reptor guards rushed to surround the pedestal holding the ruby red ball. “They know my reputation,” said Bolgobin with an embarrassed smile.
“What is that red stuff?” asked Matilda.
“Zithium,” Bolgobin informed them. “Without it our civilisation would not exist. It powers everything in Laboria. A small piece of it, the size of a plum, will drive an engine for several months. It is extremely valuable, which is why the Reptors are so nervous when I’m around. If it dropped to the ground it would shatter into a million worthless pieces.”
“Where does it come from?” asked Matilda.
“From the two small islands to the north of us,” explained Bolgobin. “The Zithium mines are there. Unfortunately, supplies are getting low so we have to be careful with what we have. Now we’ll let the Reptors relax and move on to the Inner Cave and the Master’s workshop.”
They walked into the entrance hall and Bolgobin paused near the glass wall. He raised his arms and slapped the wall with both hands. A door appeared and they walked through. To the amazement of Matilda and Peri there were hallways leading off in all directions.
“It’s a maze,” said Bolgobin. “Only those with permission to enter the workshop know the correct path. Others who enter will perish. But don’t worry,” he grinned, “I have permission.” And he proceeded down one of the hallways.
They seemed to twist and turn every way through the maze until they arrived at a golden door. Bolgobin pressed the palm of his hand against a glass panel and the door swung open. Matilda was fascinated by what she saw. A large crystal ball sat on a stand in the middle of the room and a cauldron hung on a chain over a fireplace to the side. A huge silver-covered book was on a lectern near the cauldron and a large toad looked out at them from its cage on a table. Next to the toad were a number of sticks. The walls were covered in shelves containing thousands of bottles.
“The crystal ball is used to see the past, present and future,” explained Bolgobin, pointing to each item as he went. “The bottles on the shelves contain all of the ingredients needed for spells. The cauldron is used to mix the ingredients over a hot fire. The toad is used in spells dealing with Nature and those sticks are the Master’s magical wands. Each has a special power. And, finally, the silver book is his Book of Spells. It contains all of the knowledge he has gathered over many years. Of course I’m not allowed to touch anything – just in case . . .”
Matilda walked over to look at the Book of Spells – and quickly jumped back. In the centre of the cover there was an eye, and it was looking at her.
“Oh, don’t worry about that,” said Bolgobin. “That’s just the Master’s security. The eye checks out who is trying to open the book and sets off an alarm if it’s somebody without permission. Then the Reptors move in. As long as you don’t try to open it, there’s nothing to worry about. Now, we’d better move on.”
The tiny group retraced its steps to the entrance hall.
“Next I’ll show you to your room,” Bolgobin informed them, “and tomorrow I’ll take you on a tour of our beautiful city.” He walked a little farther down the hall and slapped his hands on the wall again. Another door opened and they moved inside.
“No need for a maze here,” said Bolgobin. “We don’t want anybody getting lost on their way to bed.” He laughed his donkey laugh and Matilda smiled.
At the end of this hall they walked into a circular room with numbered doors all around its walls. “You’ll both be in Room 13. I hope you’re not superstitious.” And he laughed again as he opened the door for them.
The room was luxurious. It had an enormous bed with plump pillows scattered over it. There was a large television screen on the wall and the bathroom was nearly as big as the bedroom. A little fridge contained soft drinks and chocolates. “WOW!” said Matilda and Peri together.
“They’re just for snacks,” Bolgobin informed them. “If you go to the door marked ‘LIFT’ at 6pm, it will take you down to the main dining room where dinner is served. And if you need anything else at all you can call me any time just by pressing the red button beside your bed.. Well, I’ll let you freshen up now and see you again at dinner.” 
With a wave, Bolgobin turned to leave the room – and walked straight into the door. He fell backwards onto the floor. Matilda rushed over to him.
“Are you all right?” she asked in a worried voice as she helped him to stand up.
“Yes, yes. I’m okay thank you,” replied Bolgobin sheepishly. “I was certain I’d left the door open.” With that he left the room, rubbing his nose. Matilda and Peri were alone at last – or so they thought.


Chapter 9
A Question Of Power

In his private chambers the Wizard was relaxing in a lounge chair with his two Familiars beside him. They were watching a large television screen on the wall that showed the bedroom with Matilda and Peri. They had just seen Bolgobin bump into the door.
“That clumsy fool,” snarled the Wizard. “I don’t know why I bother with him.”
“Be patient mas-s-ster,” hissed the cobra. “They s-s-seem to be fond of him. He may be
us-s-seful later on.”
“Wise as usual, my friend,” said the Wizard, stroking the snake’s hood.
They watched as Matilda bounced up and down on the bed, observed by Peri from the bedside table. Then Matilda went to the fridge and took out a chocolate bar. She broke off a small piece and handed it to the little fairy.
“Well, everybody seems friendly enough,” said Matilda. “And the place is very interesting.”
Peri continued to nibble on the piece of chocolate.
“You’ve been very quiet since we got here,” said Matilda. “Is there anything wrong?”
“I’ve just been watching,” replied the fairy.
“AND….?” ventured Matilda.
“Something doesn’t feel right,” said Peri.
“Like what?” asked Matilda.
    “I don’t really know,” said the fairy. “I sense that things are too good. We’ll wait and see.”
The Wizard turned down the sound.
“We’ll have to do something about that fairy,” he snarled.
“Thank goodness sh-sh-she can’t dis-s-s-appear without her wand,” hissed the cobra. “Imagine how it would be if we couldn’t s-s-see where sh-sh-she was-s-s.”
“We were fortunate that Aquila was able to force her to drop her magic wand,” rumbled Gwodlyn the tiger. “With it she would be more powerful than the three of us combined.”
“Yes, things have gone quite well so far. That meddling Maximilian is under control now that his messengers have lost their power and we should be able to proceed with our plan without interference.” They all smiled as the Wizard turned off the television. “Let’s get ready to meet them for dinner.”  


Chapter 10
Dinner With The Wizard

“I wish I’d brought some extra clothes,” said Matilda. “I feel really grubby in these old jeans.”
“You look fine,” said Peri. “It’s not as if we’re going to dine with a king.”
“I suppose you’re right,” smiled Matilda. “A good wash should be enough. Let’s go.”
They went out into the foyer and found the door marked “LIFT”. When the door opened they stepped into a glass cube.
“Where do you wish to go?” asked a soft voice.
“Er, the dining room please,” answered Matilda nervously.
“Very well,” said the voice. “Dining room coming up.”
With a ‘Ding!’ the door opened and they saw a row of tables set up in front of a stage. They were loaded with all kinds of food – hot and cold dishes, pastries, fruit, and all sorts of delicious desserts. The Wizard was seated at a table on the stage with his Familiars and signalled Matilda and Peri to join them. The other tables were occupied by Reptors and the Wizard’s helpers. Bolgobin waved to them as they entered. He had food stains all down the front of his robe.
Matilda made her way to the stage with Peri on her shoulder. The Wizard smiled and showed her a seat beside him.
“And how did you enjoy your tour of the cave this morning?” he asked.
“Excellent, thank you. Bolgobin was very helpful,” replied Matilda.
“Good. He’s one of my favourite servants,” said the Wizard. “We want you to have a wonderful time while you’re with us, and there’s so much more to see.”
“We’re looking forward to our tour of the city tomorrow,” said Matilda.
“Make sure Bolgobin takes you to the Amusement Park,” suggested the Wizard. “It is truly remarkable and you’ll see how happy my citizens are. Now, come along, eat up before the food goes cold.” A servant handed her two plates.
“I don’t need food. That chocolate was enough for me,” said Peri.
“Yes, I’ve heard that Maximilian’s fairies don’t require much food,” the Wizard informed them.
“You know Maximilian?” said Matilda in a surprised voice.
“Oh, yes. We’re old friends,” confessed the Wizard. “A wonderful man – and so kind of him to send the two of you to visit me. But of course I haven’t had the chance to meet any of his fairies. You’re the first one,” he addressed Peri. “I hope you’re pleased with what you’ve seen.”
“I haven’t seen enough to form an opinion,” replied the fairy, as honest and straightforward as ever.
“M-m-m,” muttered the Wizard. “Well I’m sure you’ll soon be impressed.”
Matilda noticed that the cobra was staring at Peri with its piercing green eyes.
    Nothing more was said until the meal was finished. Matilda was full. “I’m exhausted,” she said. “If you’ll excuse me, Sire, I think I’ll have an early night so I’ll be fit for tomorrow.”
“Certainly.” answered the Wizard. “I hope you both sleep well.”
Matilda walked down to Bolgobin who looked like a take-away meal with the mess he’d made of his clothes. “What time do we start in the morning?” she asked him.
“Nine o’clock, straight after breakfast, if that suits you,” suggested the little man.
“That sounds great,” said Matilda enthusiastically. “We’ll see you then.” And she headed back to the lift.
When the Wizard returned to his chamber he had a pleasant surprise. As soon as he entered the room, a buzzer sounded and one of the television screens lit up to show a Reptor.
“Good news, Sire,” he said. “We've found the fairy’s wand.”
“Wonderful!” shouted the Wizard. “Bring it to me immediately.”  


Chapter 11
Saving Bolgobin’s Skin

Matilda was so excited about seeing the city that she didn’t bother going down to the dining room for breakfast the next morning. She simply jumped out of bed and raided the fridge for a chocolate bar and a soft drink. She thought about what her mother would have said if she knew.
“Well,” she justified to herself as she munched on the chocolate and took a swig of cola, “when you’re in a new place you have to do things differently.”
The next surprise came when she noticed that the wardrobe door was ajar. Somebody must have made a visit to the room while she were at dinner last night for there, arranged neatly on the rack, were new jeans, dresses and tops. Underneath were several pairs of new sneakers. There was even fresh underwear on the shelves. When Matilda looked at them she saw that they were all her size.
“Whoopee!” she exclaimed. “This is getting better all the time.”
“I don’t suppose there’s anything in ‘fairy’ size,” commented Peri frumpishly from her little bunk made up in the bedside-table drawer.
“Afraid not,” replied Matilda, laughing. “They probably didn’t have any fresh wings.”
“Very funny,” said Peri with a smirk. “I’ll just have to get by with what I’ve got on, but if they start to smell, don’t blame me.”
Matilda held her nose. “Well, I wasn’t going to mention it, but . . . ,” she laughed.
Peri flew over to her shoulder and pinched her ear. “Yow!” shouted Matilda. “I suppose I deserved that.” She began dressing in her new clothes as soon as she had finished the chocolate and drink with a quiet burp.
At last they were ready and walked to the lift.
“Where do you wish to go?” asked the voice as the stepped into the glass cube.
“To the entrance foyer, please,” said Matilda.
“Very well. Entrance foyer coming up,” replied the voice and, in no time at all, the doors opened with a ‘Ping!” to show the foyer with its ‘Zithium’ display surrounded by Reptors. Bolgobin was pacing backwards and forwards with his hands behind his back. His white robe was covered in food from breakfast.
“Ah, there you are,” he said as he spotted them. “I was worried when I didn’t see you in the dining room.”
“I thought I’d try a change of diet,” said Matilda with a grin.
“Mm-m-m, well we’d better get on our way,” said Bolgobin. “Our vehicle is out the front.”
They walked down the glass passageway and through the dissolving door. A line of small golf carts stood on the tiled forecourt. It was a bright, sunny day outside.
“Here it is, our transport for the day,” said Bolgobin proudly. “Like everything else on Laboria, it runs on Zithium,” he added as he lifted the bonnet of the first cart. Matilda looked over his shoulder and saw a small glass globe containing a piece of the rich ruby-red ore about the size of a marble. It gave off a dazzling light of its own.
“Hop in,” ordered Bolgobin as he closed the bonnet, “and we’ll be on our way.”
He jumped into the driver’s seat and, when Matilda was seated with Peri on her shoulder, he pressed a button. The engine started with a soft whirr. Bolgobin pushed his foot down on the accelerator pedal.
Suddenly the cart shot backwards and crashed into the other vehicles. There was an almighty bang and crunching sounds as each cart was pushed into the one behind. When Matilda looked back she saw a jumble of carts with bumps and scrapes, all along the forecourt.
    “Oh, no!” wailed Bolgobin. “That’s the end of me. I keep forgetting to put it in forward gear. What will the Wizard say when he hears about this? What will he do to me?” There was fear in the little man’s voice.
Feeling his fear, Matilda thought quickly and said, “Don’t worry, Bolgobin. He’ll never know it was you. Let me into the driver’s seat.” They swapped places. “Now we can tell the Wizard that you were giving me a driving lesson and I bombed out. He’d never abuse a guest.”
“You’d really do that for me?” said Bolgobin in amazement.
“Of course,” replied Matilda. “What are friends for? Now, show me how this thing works. I’ll drive and you tell me where to go.”
Bolgobin happily gave Matilda a quick lesson on the instruments, which were very simple, and they were soon motoring off towards the city.  


Chapter 12
Tour Of The City

A wide tree-lined boulevard led down to the city from the Wizard’s cave. Her hair flying behind in the breeze, Matilda was enjoying her first experience of driving a vehicle as she sped down towards the city. Peri, sitting on the back seat, was not so enthusiastic. Bolgobin had his eyes tightly shut as he sat beside her.
“Make sure you stop when you reach the first crossroad,” he told her as he took a peek at the trees whizzing by. “It’s that pedal on your left.”
With a screech of brakes and a wobble, Matilda did as she was told.
“You’d better slow down from here on,” Bolgobin informed her. “We have Traffic Reptors you know. Now we turn right here to go into the centre of the city.”
Matilda set off at a slow pace, not only because she didn’t want to be pulled up by the Reptors but also because she wanted to take in the sights. The roads were carefully cobbled and the clean white buildings along them shone in the sunlight. It was pretty and tidy, with neatly-kept parks spaced between the buildings. The people wandered slowly about looking happy and relaxed. Matilda noticed that most of the citizens of Laboria seemed to be small, like Bolgobin. There weren’t many carts on the road and, when she asked why, Bolgobin explained.
“Zithium is so valuable that we have to use as little as we can on transport. The only people permitted to have motorised carts are the Wizard’s officials and some taxis for the population to use on long trips. Our citizens know that we have to produce things to be happy so they walk most of the time to save our Zithium. You’ll see what I mean as we go. There are signs up everywhere to remind us of the importance of production.”
Sure enough Matilda saw large posters on the sides of the road, billboards at the entrance to parks and neon signs on the tops of buildings, all saying the same thing –  
   “LABORIANS – THE SECRET TO HAPPINESS IS WEALTH
PRODUCE, PRODUCE, PRODUCE”
Each sign had a picture of the Zithium display they had seen in the Wizard’s foyer.
“Mm-m-m,” said Matilda. “Talk about brainwashing. Do all of the people believe that?”
“Oh, yes,” replied Bolgobin. “We believe all of the Wizard’s commands. We couldn’t do anything else. And you can see that the people are very happy as a result.”
Matilda’s curiosity had been stirred – and she was a very curious person. When she noticed several taller people in the crowds passing by, she asked who they were.
“Oh, they’re aliens from lands far away. We call them Strangees. They come here by boat to share in our happiness. But they must first do ten years in the Zithium mines and can only join us fully when they have agreed to follow our rules. Otherwise they are vaporised. The strange thing is that they don’t seem to live for very long after they come to the city. The Wizard says that they must have shorter lives in the lands they come from.”
“Vaporised?!” shouted Matilda. Peri nearly fell off her seat.
“Yes. Everybody accepts it. If you cannot add to the wealth of the empire then you are of no use and the Wizard’s cobra, Hermalkin, vaporises you,” Bolgobin informed her. “It’s fair for everyone.”
“Remind me to behave myself, Peri,” Matilda shouted.
“We’d better hurry,” said Bolgobin, looking at his watch. “The Wizard told me that I must have you back in your room by 2 o’clock. Turn left at the next crossroads and we can have lunch while I show you the Amusement Park.”
To reach the Amusement Park they had to pass through the centre of the city. Here the buildings were much taller and contained attractive-looking shops – hundreds of them. People were bustling about, loaded with shopping bags.
“Oh, if only I had some money,” cried Matilda, “I could spend a whole day here – and I mean spend.”
    “You don’t need money,” Bolgobin informed her. “You are the guest of the Wizard. You can have anything you want for free.”
    Matilda’s eyes boggled. “You’re not serious are you?’ she croaked.
“Of course I am,” replied Bolgobin. “We’ll come down another day to do some shopping if you’d like.”
“LIKE?!” shouted Matilda. “Just let me loose. That’s awesome.”
“I take it that the same applies to me,” said Peri with a pout.
“Of course,” replied Bolgobin. “Now let’s get moving. Take the next turn right.”  


Chapter 13
The Amusement Park

They soon left the buildings of the city behind and were out in the countryside. It was quite beautiful. Lush rainforest lined the road and multi-coloured birds flew across in front of the cart. At last they came out of the forest and there, in front of them, was the largest Amusement Park they had ever seen. They could see hundreds of people lined up at the entrance and hear the shouts of glee from the people taking the rides inside.
    “Once again, WOW!” commented Matilda. “It’s humungous.”
“Yes,” Bolgobin informed her, “it covers more than 200 hectares. Just drive straight in through those gates. We don’t have to line up for tickets.”
Matilda steered the cart inside and pulled up in front of a large map showing all of the rides and entertainment available in the park. The map had four sections – a white section for Easy Rides, blue for Exciting, orange for Extreme and red for Ultra-Extreme.
Looking at his watch again, Bolgobin said, “You’ll only have time for one ride today, I’m afraid. But we’ll come back another day and you can really enjoy yourselves.”
    Matilda looked at the map. “Mm-m-m,” she muttered thoughtfully. “Then I’ll have to go for one of the Ultra-Extreme rides.”
“How did I know you’d say that,” exclaimed Peri.
“The ‘Waterfall Adventure’ sounds good,” Matilda decided. “I’ll try that. I could do with a cool swim”
“After that we’ll have lunch – if your stomach can still hold down food after the ride,” chuckled Bolgobin with one of his donkey laughs.
They hopped onto a monorail that went around the park and dropped people off at the various rides. By the time they reached the Ultra-Extreme area they were the only ones left in their carriage.
“Not many people are brave enough to handle these rides,” noted Bolgobin.
“Add me to that list,” said Peri.
“Well, it looks like I do it alone,” declared Matilda as they disembarked at a station with the sign ‘Waterfall Adventure’ and a picture of a huge waterfall. They walked towards the entrance to the ride, which was a long dark tunnel.
“Peri and I will go down to where the ride finishes,” stated Bolgobin. “We’ll meet you there and carry you to lunch . . .  if you survive.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” mumbled Matilda, her stomach full of butterflies as she entered the tunnel.
At the end of the tunnel was an attendant. He zipped her into a waterproof bag, like a sleeping bag with arm-holes, then helped her into a small, round, inflatable tube. When he had strapped her in with a seat-belt she was pushed into a stream of water and was on her way.
It seemed pretty harmless to begin with and Matilda grew in confidence but, gradually, the speed of the water increased as she raced down the tunnel. There was a sudden surge of water and she felt herself being lifted towards the roof so that, eventually, she was upside down, then right side up and upside down again. She continued to corkscrew her way down the tunnel until her stomach seemed to be in her mouth.
Just when she thought she couldn’t take any more, she burst into sunlight as the stream of water jetted out of the side of a canyon to a river below. For several seconds she was in mid-air, and then she dropped like a stone into the river. Under she went and was swirled around in the torrent until she thought she would run out of breath. Eventually she bobbed back to the surface to see a series of rapids ahead with rocks sticking out of the water. “Uh, oh,” she thought, “out of the frying pan and into the fire” - which wasn’t very appropriate considering her circumstances.
Matilda shot towards the rocks but, miraculously, just as she was about to hit a rock head-on, the current would spin her around so that she skidded safely past. This continued for several minutes and she was also tossed under the water every few metres so that she was continually gasping for breath just before she went under again. At last she flew through a chute, was tossed into the air, and landed in a large pool where the water was moving much more slowly.
“Ah, over at last,” thought Matilda. “But where is the waterfall?” 
At that precise moment she heard the thunder of falling water. Looking down the river, she saw that it seemed to end about a hundred meters ahead – just where the loud noise was coming from; and to make matters worse, as she was watching, a large mirror rose into the sky in front of her, showing exactly what she was heading for. It reflected a monstrous waterfall with its water tumbling to craggy rocks below.
Survival mode kicked in and Matilda struggled against the flow of the river, trying to steer herself to the bank. It was hopeless. With her heart thumping, she closed her eyes as she was pushed over the edge of the waterfall.
“This is it,” she thought. “The end. Finish. Gone. No more Matilda.”
She felt herself falling, the water washing over her as she dropped. She braced herself for the crash into the rocks. Nothing! She hit the water below and went under once again. The rocks had been an optical illusion – there were no rocks! She saw this when a geyser of water picked her up and lifted her high into the air, spinning her around in circles. She could see the whole park from the top of the water spout. It moved towards a sandy beach, gradually dropping down, until it deposited her on land. An attendant helped her out of the tube and the suit. Peri flew over to her, and Bolgobin tripped over and fell onto the sand as he rushed towards her.
“Magnificent!” he shouted as he climbed to his feet. “We watched the whole thing on television. You were wonderful.”
“You were very brave,” whispered Peri into her ear. “And very stupid.”
“Yes,” agreed Matilda, “I don’t think I’ll be doing that again soon. But it was exciting.”
“Let’s go for lunch, and celebrate,” shouted Bolgobin.  


Chapter 14
Few Home Truths

They caught the monorail and hopped off at the station marked “FOOD COURT”. Families were sitting around at tables enjoying their meals. As soon as Matilda appeared, everybody stood and clapped.
“They all watched your ride on television,” Bolgobin informed her and pointed to a large television screen. “Not many people are brave enough to try the Ultra-Extreme rides so its extra entertainment for them.”
“If I’d known I was going on television I would have dressed better,” smiled Matilda.
They moved to a table and Matilda looked around at the food stalls. It seemed that every meal imaginable was available except . . .
“I would love some fish and chips,” said Matilda.
Bolgobin’s response was immediate. “Oh, no,” he said in a shocked voice. “You can have almost anything else but seafood is forbidden.”
“Why?” asked Matilda, raising her eyebrows. “I would have thought there’d be lots of fish in the sea around the island.”
“That’s true,” agreed Bolgobin, “but the Wizard has banned seafood. We can’t even swim in the sea. He says that we need to preserve our oceans. He’s very worried about interfering with nature and says that the sea is sacred. And what the Wizard says is law.”
“Okay,” said Matilda, not wishing to break any law no matter how silly it seemed. “I’ll have a hamburger, with a chocolate milkshake and two doughnuts, please. What about you Peri?”
“Nothing, thanks. I’ll have a sip of your milkshake.”
Bolgobin rushed off to collect the food.
“Strange, don’t you think?” Matilda asked Peri.
“I told you that I had a funny feeling about this place right from the start,” replied Peri. “I think it’s time you started asking a few more questions.”
Bolgobin returned with the food, carried by two waiters. His own plate was piled high with lasagne, mashed potato, French fries, salad and bread rolls. He also had a glass of cola and three slices of chocolate cake. No wonder he was such a roly-poly He began shovelling the food into his mouth, much of it joining the breakfast stains on the front of his robe.
Peri sipped on the milkshake while Matilda tucked into her hamburger, then looked up and asked, “Where is all of this food grown?”
Not pausing with his eating and spraying bits of food across the table, Bolgobin replied, “On the south side of the island, where the volcanic soil is very rich. We have no trouble growing any crop we like. Our factories are on the north side where the volcanic rock is harder. They produce everything we need.”
“But who works in the fields and the factories? It seems that most of the people are in the city enjoying themselves,” said Matilda.
“Oh, no,” answered Bolgobin. “Everybody works. The people you see are taking their break. Everybody works hard, sixteen hours a day for three weeks, growing crops or producing goods in the factories and then they have a week off. It works very well.”
“And what happens on the eastern side of the island?” asked Matilda.
Bolgobin looked up nervously. “That’s out of bounds. You must never go there. The Wizard says that it is the home of the Nature Spirits. If we upset them by trespassing on their homeland we will be cursed and our rich life will disappear. Nobody dares go to that side of the volcano.”
“Doesn’t the Wizard have a spell to take care of the spirits?” enquired Matilda innocently.
“The Wizard never interferes with nature,” replied Bolgobin solemnly. “It would ruin everything,” then added anxiously, “I’ve probably told you too much. The Wizard told me not to discuss things with you, just to keep you happy.”
“Is that so,” said Matilda suspiciously.
“Oh, dear, there I’ve gone and done it again – opened my big mouth,” cried Bolgobin with tears in his eyes.
“Don’t worry, my friend,” said Matilda. “We won’t say anything to hurt you. It’s between the three of us and nobody else.”
“Thank you,” replied Bolgobin, relaxing. Then he looked at his watch again. “We must be going. I have to get you back by 2 p.m. We’ll come here again another day. There’s so much more to see.”
“That would be wonderful,” said Matilda as they headed back to the monorail.  


Chapter 15
The Air Raid

Matilda had a lot to think about as she steered the cart back into the city. She didn’t for a second believe everything the Wizard told the people. Why couldn’t they eat seafood? What was really on the eastern side of the island? Nature Spirits – I don’t think so! She decided to chance one more question.
“Where does the Zithium that runs everything on Laboria come from?” she asked, turning to Bolgobin with a smile.
“Er . . . ,” he hesitated. “I don’t suppose it matters. It comes from the two small islands to the north of us. As I said before, the Strangees work in the mines. Everybody is worried at the moment because the supplies of Zithium are disappearing. If we run out of it, all will be lost.”
They were entering the city now and, as Matilda drove through the shopping area, the cart’s engine sputtered and died. When Matilda pressed the starter button again and again, nothing happened.
Jumping out of the cart and lifting the bonnet, Bolgobin let out a cry. “Oh, no, no, NO!” he screamed. “The Zithium is drained of its power. I should have checked it before we left. We’ll have to send for another cart.” He glanced at his watch. “It’s a quarter to two. We’ll never make it back home in time.”
Matilda looked under the bonnet. The little ball of Zithium had lost its ruby-red glow and was now a dirty brown colour.
“Where do they take the used-up Zithium?” she asked.
“Questions, questions, questions?” shouted an agitated Bolgobin. “I don’t have time for them. I’m in real trouble now.” He reached into the pocket of his robe and took out a small cellular phone. He spoke quickly to someone to arrange for another cart to pick them up but, just as he finished, the sound of a loud siren blasted through the city.
Shoppers began running in all directions. The siren continued to scream its warning. Children were crying as their parents scooped them up and rushed along the street. People were tripping over each other as panic set in. It was chaos.
Bolgobin had a look of horror on his face. “Quickly,” he shouted, pushing Matilda towards the footpath, “Get into one of the shops. We have to get under cover.”
“What’s going on?” asked Matilda. “And please stop pushing me.”
“Don’t argue,” screamed Bolgobin. “Just follow me.” He grabbed her hand, dragging her through the crowd towards a shop door. They finally elbowed their way inside and Matilda and Peri stood at the window watching the confusion outside.
The sky turned a dark purple and a strange yellow light glowed for several seconds before arrows of what looked like lightning shot out of the sky. These arrows of light targeted people who had not been able to get under cover. They struck them wherever they stood and, to Matilda’s horror, turned them into . . . PIGS!
The terrible episode only lasted a few minutes but, when it was over and the sky had cleared again, a completely different scene confronted Matilda. Where there had been people rushing along the street moments before, now there were twenty or thirty pigs, squealing and grunting as they ran around in circles.
“I don’t believe this,” she whispered. “What do you think Peri?”
“A truly remarkable spell,” she replied in awe. “Whoever did this certainly knows their magic.”
“The witch!” shouted Bolgobin angrily. “That’s who did it. She hates us. She wants to destroy us and our way of life. She’s jealous of our wealth.”
“The Witch of Bivia?” asked Matilda. “She’s responsible for all of this?”
“Yes,” said Bolgobin. “And it happens all the time. We can’t relax. She’s evil!”
“Why doesn’t the Wizard use his magic to prevent it?” questioned Matilda.
“He doesn’t have the power,” explained Bolgobin, still red in the face. “But he says that one day he will develop a spell that will wipe her off the planet. He’s working very hard to protect us. We can’t wait for that day.”
    In the distance they heard the sound of more sirens and soon the street was filled with ambulances. Reptors jumped out with nets and began running after the pigs, catching them and putting them in the backs of the vehicles. The street was soon clear of animals and the people began to move outside again.
“What happens to the pigs?” asked Matilda.
“Vaporised,” replied Bolgobin. “They’re no use to anybody now and we certainly couldn’t eat them. The Wizard’s cobra will have a busy day today.”
“Yuk!” said Matilda, picturing the scene in her mind.
 “Here comes our replacement cart,” said Bolgobin, pointing to a vehicle moving towards them with a Reptor at the wheel. “We’ll be back at the cave soon and hear what the Wizard has to say.” He began trembling.  


Chapter 16
Vaporised

Bolgobin stood in front of the Wizard and his Familiars. He was quivering like a bowl of jelly and looking at the floor. He was so scared that he thought he might wet himself.
“You fool! You clumsy oaf!” shouted the Wizard, going red in the face. “Do you realise that you could have caused our guests to be turned into PIGS! What would Maximilian have done to us then? He would have destroyed everything. I should have you vaporised.”
The cobra hissed.
“Yes,” the Wizard paused. “It’s fortunate for you that our visitors like you so much. Otherwise you would be gone. Ph-ph-t,” he snapped his fingers. “A puff of steam. As it is, I don’t want to upset our friends any more, so you make sure nothing like this happens again. Do . . . you . . . understand?”
“Y-y-yes, Sire,” stammered Bolgobin, bowing his head.
“Now, get out of my sight,” said the Wizard with a wave of his arm.
Bolgobin scurried out of the chamber.
The Wizard spoke to a Reptor by the door. “Bring in the pigs,” he ordered.
Guards entered the chamber, each holding a wriggling, squealing pig. They formed a line in front of the Wizard’s throne. Hermalkin, the cobra, was swaying backwards and forwards with a smile on his face. The first guard stepped forward and held his pig out in front of him. The cobra lunged forward and a stream of venom shot out of its fangs hitting the pig in the face. With a hiss of steam the pig disappeared. This continued until all of the pigs had vanished into thin air. The guards marched out of the chamber.
“Well done, my pet,” said the Wizard, patting the snake on its hood. “Apart from that stupid Bolgobin, things appear to be going well. We have the fairy’s wand stored away in the workshop so Maximilian has been outwitted, and the people are becoming furious with that pest of a Witch. We’ll soon be able to move to the final stage of the plan. We’ll dine with our little friends again shortly and keep them happy. Yes, I feel well pleased.”
“It’s a shame you can’t use the fairy’s wand yourself. That would solve all of our problems,” growled Gwodlyn the tiger.
“Yes, indeed it would,” said the Wizard. “But Maximilian is too smart for that. The fairy is the only one who can operate it. Still, as long as it’s out of her hands she can’t do anything to cause us a problem.”
The tiger purred and the cobra rubbed itself against the Wizard’s robe.  


Chapter 17
A Warning Followed By Dinner

When Matilda and Peri returned to their room they noticed a small piece of paper jammed under the door. Before entering the room Matilda opened up the note and read it. It had been typed on a computer and said –
“Be careful of everything you do and say. You are being watched and listened to.”
It was signed, “A Friend.”
Matilda showed the note to Peri. “I told you so,” the little fairy whispered into her ear.
“Sh-sh-sh. Just follow my lead,” replied Matilda, holding a finger to her lips as she opened the door.
“What a great day,” she shouted as she threw herself down on the bed. Peri flew across to the bedside table. “It was a shame about those people being turned into pigs. That Witch of Bivia must be a nasty kettle of fish. But I suppose the Wizard will fix her up before long.”
“I only wish I had my wand,” moaned Peri. “Then I could do the job for him.”
“Yes,” said Matilda, “I wonder whether they’ve found it yet. Oh well, the Wizard will let us know as soon as they do. Meanwhile, let’s enjoy ourselves.” And she went over to the fridge to choose a chocolate. “Turn on the television, Peri, and see what’s happening.”
Peri flew over to the wall and pressed the power button below the wide-screen monitor. Immediately a picture of the Wizard in the Throne Room appeared.
“Citizens of Laboria,” he was saying, “once again today, twenty eight of our valued friends have been turned into pigs by that evil tyrant, the Witch of Bivia. But you shall not have to suffer much longer for I have almost developed a new spell which will allow us to invade her wicked empire and cast her and her people into the sea. However, to achieve this I need your loyal support. You must keep producing to make our glorious empire the most prosperous nation in our mystic world  and, when the time comes, join me in destroying this monster. For the moment be alert, not alarmed; I shall always protect you. And remember, ‘The secret to happiness is wealth. Produce, produce, produce.”
The Wizard faded from the screen and was replaced by a picture of the Zithium display in the foyer. Then the Wizard’s speech was repeated so that nobody could miss seeing it.
“Very impressive,” commented Matilda. “I told you the Wizard would look after things.”
“Yes,” said Peri. “Very impressive indeed.”
“I think I’ll get cleaned up for dinner,” said Matilda, heading for the bathroom. “You could do with a wash yourself,” she added with a cheeky smile. Peri poked her tongue out at her.
In his private chambers, the Wizard and his Familiars were again watching Matilda and Peri in their room.
“Well, they seem happy enough,” commented the Wizard.
“Yes-s-s,” agreed the cobra. “they s-s-seem to think very highly of you, S-S-Sire.”
“We’ll let them keep thinking that until the final moment,” the Wizard grinned. “Now we should go down to the dining room for the next performance.”
The dining room was packed with people when Matilda and Peri arrived. They joined the Wizard at the table on the stage.
“I believe you had an exciting day,” the Wizard said as Matilda sat down.
“Yes, it was a bit unusual,” said Matilda. “But we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, didn’t we Peri?” The little fairy nodded. She was worried by the way the cobra was staring at her with its emerald green eyes.
“And did you learn anything?” asked the Wizard.
“Oh yes, Bolgobin showed us the city and that fantastic Amusement Park. He was a lovely guide,” said Matilda, careful not to mention that he had told her many other things about Laboria.
“That’s wonderful,” exclaimed the Wizard, clapping his hands together. “Oh, and by the way, there is no need for you to worry about the accident with the Zithium carts this morning.”
“Thank you, Sire,” Matilda replied, happy that the Wizard had been fooled, “that's very kind of you. It was quite embarrassing after Bolgobin was so kind in allowing me to drive.”
“Not at all,” enthused the Wizard. “Carts can be repaired and your well-being is my only concern.”
“Overacting,” thought Matilda but took advantage of the Wizard's mood. She reached into her pocket and pulled out the piece of paper with the coded message. “Sire, I have a message that I can't understand. It's in some sort of strange code. I was wondering if you could help me with it.” She handed the note to the Wizard. He looked at it and his face turned dark. 
“Where did you get this?” he asked abruptly.
“From a scroll Maximilian gave me,” replied Matilda innocently. “Why? Is there something wrong?”
“No, no, no,” said the Wizard, recovering quickly and forcing a smile onto his face. “It’s just strange to see such a  . . . er . . . complicated message. Leave it with me and I’ll study it tonight to see if I can decipher it. Is that satisfactory to you?”
“Certainly,” said Matilda. “I’d really appreciate any help you could give me.”
The Wizard tucked the message into a pocket in his cloak.
From Matilda’s shoulder, Peri leaned over and said, “By the way, Sire, have your Reptors had any luck in locating my wand?”
“Oh, dear, I meant to tell you earlier. Unfortunately they haven’t been able to find it – but I’ve told them they are not to return to the cave until they do. I’m sure they will be able to hand it over to you soon. Now let’s eat.”
When the meal was finished and the Wizard had departed with his Familiars, Matilda and Peri made their way out to the lift. As soon as they were on their own, Peri whispered, “Why did you give him that message? It could be important, and now we’ll never see it again.”
Matilda turned her eyes up at the little fairy. “Don’t worry, I made a copy of it when I was in the bathroom. I was hoping they wouldn’t be so rude as to have a camera in there.”
“But I still don’t understand why you gave him a copy,” insisted Peri.
“I wanted to test his reaction. You saw the way he looked. He must know what it says – and it must be important. I think we are starting to see the real Wizard now, and I don’t particularly like what I see. We’ll find somebody else to help us with the code and, when we do, we may have to obey Maximilian and vamoose.”
“I think you’ve forgotten one important fact,” said Peri sadly. “I can’t recall the Story Mat without my wand.”
“Uh, oh!” cried Matilda. “That’s the end of that plan. We’ll have to concentrate on getting your wand back. But I have no idea where to start. If hundreds of Reptors can’t find it, how can we?”
“Do you really believe that they’re trying to find it?” asked Peri.
“Short answer? No,” replied Matilda. “Maybe our mysterious ‘Friend’ can help – whoever he or she is. We’ll go back to our room and put our thinking caps on. There has to be a way to find out what’s really going on here.”
She pushed the button for the lift.  


Chapter 18
A Visit To The Roof

“Did you notice that Bolgobin wasn’t in the dining room?” asked Matilda as they approached their room.
“Yes, I did,” answered Peri. “I hope he’s all right. The Wizard seemed to believe that he wasn't responsible for the damage to the carts but Bolgobin was obviously terrified about not getting us back to the cave on time. I wonder if he's been punished for that.”
At that moment, Matilda spotted a second piece of paper jammed under their door. “Another message,” she said. “I wonder if it’s from our friend again.” She bent down and picked up the note. Opening it, she read –
“It is important that you meet me tonight. There is much to explain. Come to the roof at midnight.”
Once again it was typed on a computer and was signed, “A Friend”.
She showed it to Peri. “Interesting,” ventured the little fairy. “Of course we’ll go?”
“You betcha,” said Matilda eagerly as she put the note in her pocket and reached for the door handle.
They watched television while they waited for the hours to pass by. There were all sorts of channels to choose from – cartoons, lifestyle shows, documentaries, comedy, nature shows and oodles more. Everything was happy, happy, happy, except when the Wizard appeared at the end of each episode with his spiteful rant about the evils of the Witch of Bivia, finishing with a speech about the greatness of Laboria and an appeal for loyalty and hard work to help destroy the enemy.
At last it was ten o’clock. “Time for sleep,” said Matilda pretending to yawn. She went to the bedside table and made up Peri’s bunk. After cleaning her teeth and slipping her nightgown over her clothes while she was in the bathroom, Matilda climbed into bed and turned out the light.
“Night, night, sleep tight,” she whispered to Peri and then pretended to fall into a deep sleep. She waited for half an hour until she was reasonably sure that whoever was watching them had given up for the night, then climbed out of bed and took off her nightgown. Lifting Peri onto her shoulder she squeezed out of the door. They crept across to the lift and pressed the button. When the doors opened, they stepped inside and, before the lift could speak, Matilda said, “The roof please.”
“Oh, I can’t take you to the roof, I’m sorry. It’s out of bounds for visitors,” replied the voice.
“Oh, no,” thought Matilda. “What are we going to do now?” However, she said, “Where are you allowed to take us?”
“I can take you to the entertainment room, one floor below the roof,” the voice informed them.
“Okay,” said Matilda, “that will have to do, although we were looking forward to some fresh air.”
“Entertainment room coming up,” stated the voice, ignoring Matilda’s comment.
When the doors opened they saw Reptors and officials everywhere. They were playing pool, watching television, dealing cards or just sitting around reading. There seemed to be plenty of choices for entertainment.
“What do we do now?” asked Peri.
“When in Rome . . . ,” said Matilda and moved over to a pool table. “Anyone for a game?” she shouted.
A Reptor looked up and smiled. “I’ll take you on,” he said, “for a small wager of course.”
“Think fast again,” thought Matilda, and said, “I don’t have any money on me at the moment but I can guarantee you’ll get it in the morning when I see the Wizard – that’s if you beat me.”
“The Wizard’s money is good enough for me. You can sign the I.O.U. right now if you like,” said the Reptor, grinning.
“Let’s see how good you are first,” replied Matilda, putting chalk on the end of the cue.
Of course the Reptor won easily and Matilda signed an I.O.U. on a piece of paper.  
“Congratulations,” she said as she handed it over. “I should have known you were good when you wanted to bet money on the game. No harm done, and thanks for playing.”
“No, thank you,” replied the Reptor. “I’ve never made easier money.”
Just as he was about to walk away, Matilda grabbed his arm. “My friend and I could sure do with some fresh air before bedtime. Is there any way to get up to the roof?”
“Visitors aren’t supposed to go up there,” said the Reptor doubtfully. Then, seeing Matilda’s sad look, said, “But I can’t see any harm as long as you don’t stay up there too long.”
“No,” replied Matilda, “just a few minutes to freshen up.”
“Well, okay,” said the Reptor. “Come this way.”
He walked down a corridor and opened a door with a key attached to a silver chain on his belt.    
“It opens automatically from the other side so you can slam it closed when you come back down,” he explained. “Ciao!” And he went back to the entertainment room.
“You are so clever,” said Peri with a beaming face.
“Wait until we see what’s upstairs before you compliment me,” said Matilda.  


Chapter 19
A Spy In The Camp

Matilda climbed to the top of the stairway where she found another door that was unlocked. She opened it and stepped out onto the roof. Everything was dark except for the moonlight and a single spotlight above the door. She peered into the shadows.
    “Anybody there?” She whispered as loudly as she could.
There was a gentle cough from the shadows. “Come over here, away from the light,” said a voice.
Matilda’s heart began to flutter. What if this was a trick? What if the Wizard had arranged this to expose them? What if . . . ? Her mind was in a panic, but then she thought of something she had read, “In for a penny, in for a pound”, and stepped away from the light.
As Matilda moved towards the shadows, a figure stepped forward. Hermalkin, the cobra! Both Matilda and Peri gasped. They had been tricked. Matilda turned around, ready to dash back to the door.
“Wait!” shouted the cobra. “I am your friend. Believe me, I am on your side. I’m a spy for the Witch of Bivia!”
Matilda stopped in her tracks. Could it be true? She turned to face the cobra.
“How can you expect us to trust you when you vaporise people for the Wizard?”
“No, no,” answered the cobra. “You don’t understand. Yes, I vaporise people but it is an illusion I learnt from the Witch. They are simply transported to Bivia where they have a much safer life. And the pigs are restored to their human form. I only wish I could vaporise the Wizard, but he is protected.”
It was so much information that Matilda felt confused. “Why is your voice different?” she asked.
“You mean the hissing? This is my real voice. I add the hissing to build up the evil image that the Wizard wants. Pardon me for saying so, but there are much more important things you need to know before our time here runs out. Somebody could come up to the roof at any time.”
“What is the Wizard up to?” asked Matilda.
“Too much to explain it all to you now. But you will understand eventually,” said the cobra. “What you need to know now is that I have other friends in Laboria. One of them is an eagle in Aquila Airlines. I’ve arranged for you to go on a flight over the island with him tomorrow morning. The Wizard actually thinks it’s a good idea. He believes it will keep you happy and occupied. What he doesn’t know is that you will be shown the forbidden eastern side of the island and much of what is going on will be explained. Enjoy your flight. I must go now. I’ll be in touch again soon. Oh, yes, you also need to know that the Reptors found your wand, little fairy. The Wizard has it stored in his workshop. But please don’t try to retrieve it yet, it will be far too dangerous and may ruin everything. We’ll do that soon.” The cobra bent down to the ground and picked up a piece of paper in his mouth. “And, my brave Matilda, here is a copy of the message you wanted decoded. It is not what the Wizard intends telling you. Now I really must disappear.”
“One more silly question before you go,” pleaded Matilda, putting the note in her pocket. “How do you type the messages?”
“I use my tail on the computer keyboard,” replied the cobra, laughing “I’m pretty good at it, even if I do say so myself. Farewell my friends.”
Matilda heard the sound of the door to the roof being opened. Two Reptors stumbled onto the roof. They had obviously been drinking alcohol. Turning back, she saw that Hermalkin had disappeared.
“What are you doing on the roof?” slurred one of the Reptors. “This place is out of bounds to visitors.”
“Sh-Sh-Sh,” said the other one, holding his finger unsteadily up to his mouth. “These are the special guests we have to keep happy.”
“We were just getting a bit of fresh air,” Matilda explained meekly. “We’re sorry if we’ve broken any rules. We really didn’t know. You won’t get us into trouble, will you?”
“Naw,” said the first Reptor, with a burp. “It’s a secret just between the three of us.” He tried to focus his eyes on Peri. “The three and a half of us,” he added and they both began laughing and rolling on the ground. Matilda stepped around them and went down the stairs.  
 

Chapter 20
A Different Message

Matilda tossed and turned all night. So many things were racing through her mind. Who could she really trust? How much danger were they in? How could they get Peri’s wand back? What did the Wizard really plan for them? How could they escape?
The one thing she had done before she climbed into bed was make a visit to the bathroom as if she were going to the toilet. There, sitting on the toilet seat, she read the decoded message that Hermalkin, the cobra, had given her. She had been so keen to get back safely to her room that she hadn’t had a chance to read it before. In fact, she had expected a troop of Reptors to be waiting for them at their door.
The message, typed in capital letters, read –
“THE WARNING IS HERE.  SEEK THE TRUTH BEFORE YOU ACCEPT WHAT YOU SEE AND ARE TOLD.  ALL IS NOT AS IT SEEMS.”
Well Matilda was certainly learning that was true. She only wished that she had been able to break the code earlier. Still, better late than never. She flushed the toilet and put the note under her pillow before she tried to get to sleep.
They decided to go to breakfast the next morning. They had yet to officially hear about the flight that the cobra had arranged. Once again Matilda prepared herself to be confronted by Reptors and arrested, but nothing of the sort happened. The Wizard was friendlier than ever. He greeted them warmly then said, “I have a real surprise for you today. One of the eagles from our Aquila Airlines will be taking you for a flight over the island so that you can see how prosperous we are.”
Matilda pretended to be surprised. “Wow, that’s wonderful news, isn’t it, Peri?” she said looking at the fairy and avoiding looking at Hermalkin, who sat next to the Wizard.
“Yes,” agreed Peri, ‘but I hope it’s a steadier flight than our first one.” Everybody laughed, the best of friends.
“Wonderful,” said the Wizard. “Straight after breakfast Bolgobin will drive you to the airport and you can be on your way.” Matilda felt relief when she realised that Bolgobin was all right.
“We can’t wait,” enthused Matilda as she tucked into her breakfast.
“Oh, yes,” said the Wizard, reaching into his robe, “I was able to decode that message you gave me last night. A little complicated but I finally broke it. Here’s a copy of what it said.”
“Thank you, Sire,” said Matilda as she took the piece of paper from his hand. “I’ll read it after breakfast.”
“Very interesting but a little embarrassing,” added the Wizard, and Matilda wondered what on earth he meant.
    As soon as she finished her breakfast and Peri had eaten a small quarter of toast with jam, Matilda went to find Bolgobin. He was back at one of the tables but he looked the worse for wear. He was as pale as a sheet and had black circles under his eyes. He managed a warm smile when he saw them.
    “My dear friend,” said Matilda, giving him a cuddle, “I understand that we’ll be back together today and that makes us very happy.”
“Yes, it’s smashing isn’t it? I never thought I’d see you again.” He had a tear in his eye.
“All’s well . . . ,” said Matilda, giving him another cuddle while trying to avoid the food stains down his front. “We’ll meet you out on the forecourt again in half an hour.”
As soon as they were out of the dining room, Matilda unfolded the message the Wizard had given her. It was also typed in capitals and read –
“THE WIZARD OF LABORIA IS HERE TO HELP YOU IN ALL THINGS.  A WISE AND WONDERFUL LEADER, HE CAN BE TRUSTED WITH YOUR SAFETY.”
“Talk about self-praise,” commented Matilda after she had shown Peri the message. “He’s a very dangerous man.”  
“Let’s see what today brings,” said Peri. “I have a feeling that we’ll learn a lot more about the Wizard and his plans.”  


Chapter 21
A Flight Over Laboria

After Matilda had showered and put on fresh clothes, she and Peri caught the lift down to the foyer. There was no sign of Bolgobin so they proceeded down the glass hallway to the forecourt. The little man was standing by another cart looking happier at last. They hopped into the vehicle, with Bolgobin at the wheel this time, and set off for the airport.
    “I see you found forward gear,” joked Matilda.
“Yes, I don’t dare make another blunder,” said Bolgobin. “You were the only thing that saved me from being vaporised last time.”
“Us?” frowned Matilda.
“Yes, you,” he answered. “The Wizard said that it was only because you liked me that I was saved.”
“That's good news,” ststed Matilda. “Did anything else happen?”
Bolgobin pulled the cart over to the side of the road and began sobbing. “The Wizard warned me not to tell you about this but, after what you've done to help me, I need to let you know. Last night the Wizard came to my room before dinner with four Reptors. He said I needed more than a warning after I disobeyed his order to bring you back to the cave in time. He told the Reptors to teach me a lesson but not to hurt me where it showed.” He loosened the top of his robe and showed them his chest. It was covered in bruises and small cuts. “They punched me and poked me with their spears. I know I shouldn’t say it, but I don’t think the Wizard is a very nice man.”
“You don’t know the half of it,” said Matilda with a wry smile. She hugged the little man again and Peri gave him a peck on the cheek. “Anyway, you’re safe with us now and we’ll look after you.”
“How can I ever thank you. You have no idea how it feels not to be treated like a fool,” said the little man and began sobbing again.
“I know exactly how you can thank us,” replied Matilda. “But let’s take this flight first.”
Bolgobin put his foot down on the accelerator and the cart headed for the airport.
When they arrived at a grassy field with a sign saying “AQUILA  AIRLINES” a huge white eagle greeted them. “You’re not the same one that took us to the Wizard are you?” asked Matilda.
“No,” replied the eagle, “That was Aquila Zeus, he’s the Wizard’s favourite. We’re all named after ancient gods. My name is Aquila Thor. You can call me Thor. I think you’ll find me a little different. But we’ll say no more until we’re in the air. You never know who’s listening. Come this way.”
Thor led them over to a cane basket with ropes attached. “Not the most comfortable way to travel,” he apologised, “but it suits us. You sit inside and I carry you around by grasping the ropes with my talons. A bit like a balloon ride without the balloon. I can talk to you during the flight. Okay?”
“Sounds great,” said Matilda excitedly. “And you promise not to do any sudden rolls?”
“Heh, heh,” laughed Thor. “I heard about that.” Then he whispered, “It was done under instructions I can assure you. No such thrills today.”
A light shone in Matilda’s head. “Of course,” she thought, “Zeus did the roll on purpose to make Peri drop her wand. It had all been planned.” She didn’t speak up as she believed Thor’s warning about others listening in.
Bolgobin was confused by what he was hearing but remained silent. If his new friends were happy with what was going on, then he was too.
“All aboard!” said Thor and the little party climbed into the cane basket. The eagle placed his talons around the ropes and lifted off into the sky. The cane basket tilted so that everybody was thrown together, then steadied itself and they were away. The beat of the eagle’s wings caused their hair to be blown all over the place.
“It’ll get better when I can get some height and start to soar,” explained Thor. “I had to put in a flight plan so we’ll follow that and then make our own arrangements later on. We’ll fly over the city first. It looks great from the air.”
While they were flying, Matilda explained to Bolgobin how Hermalkin had arranged their flight and told him about their meeting on the roof.
Bolgobin was amazed. “You’re full of surprises. I would never have suspected Hermalkin. In fact I have always feared him as the Wizard’s favourite. I can only wonder what this flight has in store for us if he is behind it.”
Thor began to soar and the wind eased so the passengers could look over the edge of the basket comfortably. They saw the city laid out below, its white buildings shimmering in the sunlight and contrasting with the blue of the sea. The Amusement Park was visible outside the city and they could see all of the rides, including the Waterfall Adventure. Matilda shivered at the memory.
“Now we head to the north side of the island where all of the factories are situated,” Thor informed them. “They make everything the island needs – furniture, household goods, building materials, machinery – the lot. They also use most of the Zithium that is mined on the islands to the north.”
It was easy to see that they had arrived at the industrial area. Thick plumes of dark smoke filled the sky as it poured out of chimneys. The three passengers began to cough.
“Sorry about that,” Thor apologised. “I won’t stay long. We’ll fly across to the south now.” He made a swooping turn.
A patchwork pattern of fields appeared below them. The soil was a dark chocolate colour and looked almost good enough to eat. Where crops had been planted, the land was a rich green. Thousands of people could be seen working in the paddocks and tractors were going back and forth.
“We’re very lucky to have the rich volcanic soil,” Thor informed them. “We can grow anything in it and it grows quickly. Here is where we forget our flight plan and break a few rules. We should be safe unless there is another Aquila in the sky but there were no other flights planned when I checked this morning. Here we go!”
The eagle climbed higher into the sky, making another turn and heading east towards the home of the Nature Spirits.
When Bolgobin realised where they were going he shouted, “The home of the Nature Spirits! We can’t go there! We’ll upset everything!”
“Never fear, my friend,” replied Thor. “There are no Nature Spirits. The Wizard lies. Wait till you see for yourself.” And he zoomed around the volcano peak.
They looked down to see a vast area without trees of any kind. It looked like a brown, barren desert. In the sea, a dark stain was spreading out from the coastline.
 “That is where they bury the used-up Zithium,” said Thor. “It is extremely poisonous and dangerous to all forms of life. When it rains, the Zithium leaks into the sea and kills everything it contacts. That’s why the Wizard doesn’t want anybody to know about the eastern side of the island.”
“And that’s why there is no seafood to eat,” added Matilda. “It’s got nothing to do with preserving the oceans – exactly the opposite. How could any sane person allow such destruction?”
“Exactly,” agreed Thor. “The Wizard is mad. The only things he believes in are power and wealth, and he’ll do absolutely anything to get them.”
“Oh dear, oh dear,” sobbed Bolgobin. “I can’t believe all I’m hearing. If this is true then our island is in great danger.”
“It certainly is,” stated Thor, “but there is worse to come. Hold on while I make another sharp turn and head out to sea. I have to avoid the city in case I’m spotted heading towards Bivia.” The giant eagle dropped one wing and the basket rocked as he veered back towards the west.
Thor travelled far out to sea and, when they were about twenty kilometres off the western coat of Laboria, he swooped around in a circle.
“There it is, directly below us,” he said.
Matilda, Bolgobin and Peri leaned over the side of the basket and looked down at the sea. “I can’t see anything except the sea,” shouted Matilda.
“I’ll take you down lower,” said Thor. “It’s not easy to see unless you know it’s there.” He plunged towards the water. “Now look to your right.”
They turned and, amazingly, saw themselves reflected in what looked like a gigantic sheet of clear glass. It rose out of the sea for hundreds of metres.
“Wow!” exclaimed Matilda. “What is it?”
“It’s the Wizard’s reflection shield,” said Thor. “He can cast his spells out to sea and they bounce back to Laboria when they strike this shield. He is the one that creates those spells that turn our citizens into pigs – not the Witch of Bivia as he keeps telling us.”
“But why would he do that? What does he gain by turning his own people into pigs?” asked Bolgobin, obviously upset by what he was hearing.
“It’s an important part of his scheme to discredit the Witch. He needs to have the Laborians hate the Witch so he can go to war and take over her empire. And this is the way he does it. He is willing to sacrifice a few hundred of his citizens for the bigger plan of having the rest support him in attacking Bivia. ‘A few must suffer for the greater good’. Bad leaders use those words all the time to justify their policies – as long as they aren’t the ones suffering.”
“But why does he want to attack Bivia?” asked Matilda. “His own empire is wealthy enough already.”
Thor lifted the basket into the sky again. “Yes, but it’s running out of Zithium. The mines on the islands to the north are not producing enough and his reserves are running low. If he runs out of the fuel, the empire collapses. And guess where there are huge stores of Zithium?”
“Bivia!” the three passengers shouted together.
“Exactly,” said Thor. “And the Witch of Bivia does not believe in using anything that pollutes the environment. So the real reason for war with Bivia is Zithium, not to avenge the spells that he created himself. The Witch has done nothing wrong but the Wizard had to create a monster to make the people want to go to war . . .  and for him to keep his power and wealth.”
“What a terrible, terrible man,” said Bolgobin, with tears in his eyes.  
 

Chapter 22
Aerial Combat

“Now that you have the whole picture, we can fly back home,” said Thor with a sigh. “I hope you understand how dangerous things are and will be careful in everything you say and do.”
“Yes,” said Matilda. “We all have to pretend things haven’t changed. We mustn’t let the Wizard think that we know anything about his plans until we can either change what’s happening or get away from him. Agreed?” The three passengers gave each other a high five.
Matilda had hardly finished her speech when they heard a loud thud and the basket tipped sideways. They all looked up to see another great white eagle grabbing at Thor’s back with its vicious talons. 
“It’s Bacchus,” screamed Thor. “I didn’t see him coming.” Droplets of blood fell from his back, into the basket. “Hang on while I try to get rid of him.” He twisted his body and the basket rocked so much that the passengers had to grab for the ropes to stay inside.
“Traitor,” screeched Bacchus as he broke free, flew up into the sky, and prepared for another attack.
“I’ll have to drop you onto the water,” shouted Thor. “You’ll be safe in the basket. I’m sorry but it’s the only way.” With that he dived down towards the sea, skimmed the surface and let go of the ropes.
Suddenly Matilda, Bolgobin and Peri were bobbing about on the water. The basket was water-proof so they were in no immediate danger – unless Zeus won the battle that was taking place in the sky above.
They watched the two giant eagles dive, roll and swerve as they tried to get an advantage. Thor was bleeding heavily and had obviously lost some of his speed. Several times Bacchus hit him with his claws, and feathers flew through the air. Still Thor managed to avoid most of the other bird’s attacks. The fight was accompanied by wild screeches as the eagles vented their hatred for each other.
The air battle went on for at least a quarter of an hour and Matilda could see that Thor was tiring from his wounds. Bacchus was definitely gaining the upper hand. When she thought that the end was near for Thor, as he suffered another blow to his wing, her friend did a strange thing. He seemed to pause in mid-air and then started to fall out of the sky. Bacchus flew high into the air to gain maximum speed for the kill. But, when Thor was several metres above the water, he began to flap his huge wings again and levelled out. Bacchus was descending at enormous speed to give the killer blow and had to swerve at the last minute to make contact with Thor. However, instead of hitting his prey, he went full-tilt into the invisible shield. He was knocked out, slid down the glass shield, and disappeared below the water.
Thor had headed for the shield, suspecting that Bacchus was not aware of it. He had flown behind the glass so that it separated him from his enemy. It was a do-or-die decision as he knew that he was almost done for. And it had worked. Thor’s friends in the basket, still bobbing about on the sea, were cheering wildly.
Although he was exhausted, Thor flew over and picked up the ropes. “I think we can resume our journey home now,” he said wearily. “I apologise for the delay.”
His passengers burst into more cheering and laughing.  
 

Chapter 23
Mind Games

There was another shock waiting for them when they arrived back at the airport. As Thor rounded the volcano and lined himself up for a landing, they saw that the airfield was crawling with Reptors. There were hundreds of them looking up into the sky.
“There seems to be a problem and I think I’ll have to abort this landing,” Thor reported in his droll fashion. “It looks like I’ll have to push forward my plan to escape to Bivia. You can come with me or I can drop you somewhere else. What do you think?”
The eagle flew past the airport and turned back out to sea. The Reptors ran to their vehicles as if to follow.
Matilda made her decision. “No, you go on without us. We can’t leave Laboria without Peri’s magic wand. We’ll have to find out how much the Wizard knows and try to bluff our way through this. Drop us near the cave if you can.”
“Roger that,” replied Thor then added, “You’re either very brave or very silly.”
“I’ve already told her that,” said Peri. “We’ll just have to see which it is – if we all live long enough.”
Thor flew past the city and landed gently on a road about a kilometre from the Wizard’s cave.
“Well, this is goodbye, then,” he said, patting Matilda on the head with his huge wing. “It has been a privilege meeting you. Hermalkin spoke highly of you and I can only agree. I’m sure he will help you get through this. Good luck – but, once again, be very careful.”
“Thank you for your courage and honesty,” said Matilda, with tears in her eyes, as she saw the gaping wounds on Thor’s body. “Travel well and I hope the Witch can patch you up. We really admire what you have done, and I hope that we will see you again soon.” As Thor lowered his head, she went on tiptoes and kissed the eagle’s cheek.
“I’ll take this basket out to sea and dump it,” Thor said and, with a few slow beats of his wings, he lifted off the ground and flew towards Bivia.
As soon as he had disappeared, sirens blared and several vehicles full of Reptors came careering down the road. The guards jumped out and surrounded the little party, pointing their spears at them. Their leader stepped forward.
“The Wizard demands your presence at the cave immediately,” he growled in a surly voice.
“Isn’t that odd?” replied Matilda. “That’s exactly where we were going until you interrupted our journey. Would you mind not pointing those nasty spears at us? Are you frightened of two small girls and an old man?”
The Reptor was shocked. “Er . . . ah . . . put up your weapons, men,” he ordered.
Matilda, followed by Bolgobin, walked slowly over to one of the carts and hopped in.
“Chauffeur,” she said with a wave of her hand. “When you’re ready.” A Reptor meekly climbed behind the wheel and they set off for the cave.
The Wizard was waiting for them in the Throne Room with his Familiars. He had a fiery look on his face.
“You have abused my hospitality and been disloyal. I will not stand for it!” he shouted. Bolgobin began to shake but Matilda and Peri stared him out.
“What do you mean?” asked Matilda, innocently.
The Wizard held up a piece of paper. Matilda recognised it as the piece of paper Hermalkin had given her with the decoded message. Then she remembered that she had stupidly left it under her pillow. Uh, oh!
“One of the cleaners found this under your pillow when he was cleaning your room this morning. It’s a very damaging message. What have you to say about that?” demanded the Wizard.
“Oh, that,” replied Matilda casually, as if it was of no importance. “I found it shoved under my door when we came back from dinner. I assumed it was from somebody trying to cause trouble so I just pushed it under my pillow. I forgot all about it.”
“You mean you don’t own up to it?” queried the Wizard.
“Own up to what, Sire?” rejoined Matilda. “It has nothing to do with me. Obviously you have a trouble-maker in the cave. I think you’d be better spending your time finding who it is, rather than getting angry with me.” She made sure she didn’t make eye contact with Hermalkin while this was going on.
“Harumph,” muttered the Wizard, obviously confused by this confident-sounding girl. “As long as you don’t believe what the note says.”
“Of course not. Our stay so far has been an extremely happy one,” said Matilda. “Up until now.”
“On another matter,” continued the Wizard, ignoring the last comment, “My Reptors reported that your eagle from this morning’s flight, Aquila Thor, did not land at the airport as he was supposed to do but flew away as soon as he saw my guards at the airfield. And he had blood on his body. Why did he drop you where he did?
“I was going to tell you all about that when we arrived,” said Matilda. “I really thought that was why the Reptors brought us here.”
“Well?” said the Wizard impatiently.
“The flight itself was wonderful and thank you for arranging it for us. We saw how well everything is organised on Laboria. However, our return journey was not so enjoyable. Thor seemed to want to give us some extra excitement and started to do silly and dangerous things like spinning our basket around and diving down low. I pleaded with him to stop but he just laughed and kept doing it. Anyway, just before we were preparing to land, he flew too close to the volcano and almost crashed. He ran into a cliff and nearly killed us. Luckily we were only tossed about but Thor cut his back rather nastily on the rocks. I told him that I was going to tell you, so when he saw the Reptors on the airfield he thought that somebody had seen us and already told you about his dangerous behaviour. He said you would vaporise him for endangering the lives of your guests so he dumped us near the cave and flew off.” Matilda sighed with relief. She had never had to think so quickly on her feet before.
“And where is he now?” asked the Wizard.
Matilda gave a little shrug. “Who knows? If I was in his position I’d keep flying as far away as possible. I don’t think we’ll see him here again. And good riddance.” She crossed her fingers behind her back.
 “Mm-m-m,” said the Wizard thoughtfully. It all sounded reasonable. Time to repair the damage. “I apologise for being so angry but I also hope you can appreciate how hurt I was when I saw that note.”
“Apology accepted,” Matilda quickly replied.
“I also apologise for the danger you faced with one of our eagles and promise you that he will be dealt with. I would like you to stay and enjoy our riches for a while longer.” With that the Wizard walked behind the throne followed, as usual, by his Familiars.
Two important conversations took place after this heated encounter. The first was between the Wizard and his Familiars.
“She doesn’t seem to know anything,” said the Wizard.
“I think sh-sh-she is-s-s very naïve and eas-s-sily fooled, S-S-Sire. We have nothing to worry about,” commented Hermalkin.
“We need to find out who the trouble-maker is. Our plan could have been ruined if she’d taken that note seriously,” rumbled the tiger.
“Yes,” agreed the Wizard. “I’ll put somebody onto that straight away.”
“I could do it ,S-S-Sire, if you wish-sh-sh,” offered Hermalkin.
“Very well, my loyal one,” said the Wizard, patting his hood. “And don’t be gentle.”
The second conversation took place as soon as Matilda, Bolgobin and Peri stepped out of the Throne Room.
    “YES!” said Matilda, thumping the air with her fist. “He believed it – all of it.”
“You are wonderful,” commented Peri. “You saved our lives in there.”
“I couldn’t stop shaking,” said Bolgobin. “He terrifies me. Particularly when I know what he’s done. You were terrific, Matilda.”
“I don’t like telling lies any time but, with that horrible man, I enjoyed it. Although I must say it was exhausting. And I can’t forgive myself for leaving that note under my pillow.””
Peri piped up. “That’s the least of it. I thought he knew that we knew everything, if that makes sense. And he had no idea.” She giggled.
“It’s a pity that poor old Thor had to take all the blame,” lamented Matilda.
“I’m sure he’d understand,” said Bolgobin, “and agree with what you did.”
“I couldn’t look at Hermalkin while we were talking. I hope he can look after himself,” said Matilda.
“Don’t worry about him,” said Peri. “He knows what’s going on.”
“We’d better go back to our room,” said Matilda and then turned to Bolgobin. “We need to meet you tonight. I have something to ask you. How about the entertainment room? You can beat me at pool. I’ll line it up with the Wizard at dinner.”
“I’ll do anything you want,” said Bolgobin, giving Matilda a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.
“Until tonight then,” said Matilda, and they went their separate ways.  
 

Chapter 24
Another Rooftop Visit

Matilda and Peri continued their act when they returned to their room. They were sure that the Wizard would be watching them very carefully now.
“Can you believe that Thor?!” said Matilda, throwing herself down on the bed. “He could have killed us. I wish the Reptors had caught him and given him some of his own medicine.”
“I was really frightened when we hit that cliff face,” agreed Peri. “I thought we were goners.”
“I have to say I was disappointed that the Wizard thought we had done the wrong thing,” Matilda complained. “We’ve been having such a great time since we arrived, I wouldn’t want it to be ruined. What do you think about Bolgobin’s idea to go up to the entertainment room tonight?”
“Great,” said Peri. “I’d enjoy that.”
Looking at her watch, Matilda said, “We’d better get ready for dinner. I’ll ask the Wizard if it’s okay to go with Bolgobin.” They cleaned themselves up and headed for the dining room.
When they arrived, the Wizard greeted them warmly. ‘I hope you have forgiven me for accusing you wrongly. We Wizards have bad days too, you know.”
“I can understand, Sire. It did come as a shock, though. We’ve been having such a great time.”
“No more to be said,” stated the Wizard. “You shall continue to have a marvellous time and I shall make certain of it.”
Matilda decided that now was the time to make her request. “Sire, I have a confession to make.”
“Oh?” said the Wizard, looking up sharply.
“Yes. Last night I couldn’t sleep so I went up to the entertainment room and had a game of pool. I’m afraid I lost a wager with one of the Reptors and had to give him an I.O.U. in your name. I hope that wasn’t rude of me.”
“No, no, it’s quite acceptable. As a matter of fact I’m glad you told me. I was wondering what was going on when my Treasurer brought me the I.O.U. this morning,” smiled the Wizard.
“Whew,” thought Matilda. In this case honesty was the best policy. “Thank you for your generosity once again, Sire,” she said. “I really enjoyed it last night and Bolgobin suggested that we go there again tonight – with him of course. Would that be all right?” She managed to glance quickly at Hermalkin. “We’d be back in our room by ten o’clock or shortly after,” she added.
“I think that’s a grand idea,” agreed the Wizard. “We all need some activity before bed, and I’m sure you enjoy seeing how happy my staff is.”
“Yes, they certainly know how to enjoy themselves,” said Matilda.
They finished dinner and Matilda and Peri went down into the hall to see Bolgobin, who was working his way through another huge plate of food.
“The Wizard has agreed to us visiting the entertainment room, my friend,” Matilda informed him. “We’ll meet you there at nine thirty.” She kissed him on top of his shiny head.
The hours passed slowly once again as they watched more television but at last they were ready to go. It was helpful that they didn’t have to sneak out this time. When the doors to the lift opened to the entertainment room they saw Bolgobin playing pool with a Reptor. They watched as he beat the guard easily and pocketed some money.
“You’re very good,” said Matilda.
“Plenty of practice,” laughed Bolgobin. “And it’s nice to be good at something,” he added.
“You’re very good at the most important thing,” Matilda whispered into his ear. “Being a lovely person. Now I want your help. We need a distraction so that we can get up to the roof again without anybody seeing us. Can you arrange something?”
“With all of these Reptors drinking so much? No problem,” said Bolgobin. “Watch this.” He went over to a group of Reptors who were drinking heavily and being loud, as they laughed and joked. As he walked past, he kicked one of them on the bottom and kept walking. The Reptor swung around, couldn’t see anybody, then accused the Reptor next to him of kicking him. His neighbour was insulted and started to make rude remarks about him. The first punch was thrown and a brawl erupted with all of the Reptors in the group taking sides whether or not they knew what was going on. Soon there were Reptors rolling all over the floor on top of each other, with the other people in the room cheering them on.
Bolgobin circled back to Matilda and Peri, whistling innocently into the air.
“Well done,” said Matilda, patting him on the back. “You have many hidden talents.”
They slipped down the corridor and Bolgobin opened the door with his key. Climbing the stairway, they stepped through the second door, onto the roof.
“Over here,” came Hermalkin’s voice from the darkness. They moved into the shadows.
Even though he had been prepared, Bolgobin still began to shake when he saw the cobra. Hermalkin sensed his fear and said, “Please don’t worry, my little friend. You shall come to no harm. I’m on your side and I require your help.”
“O-o-okay,” stammered Bolgobin. “It’s just such a . . . surprise!”
“I’m sure it is, but you must listen carefully to everything I say. I don’t have long,” said Hermalkin. “At the moment the Wizard suspects nothing. You were brilliant this afternoon, Matilda. However things are moving quickly and we have to do the same. The Wizard is already preparing for war with Bivia. And he will win unless we have Peri’s wand returned. It’s the only way we will defeat the Wizard. Maximilian’s magic is in the wand and it is all-powerful. The Wizard will be helpless against it. Bolgobin, you must take Matilda and Peri to the Wizard’s workshop. The wand is hidden in a box near the cauldron. When you have it, Peri, please don’t use it unless you have to. You will need every bit of its power later on. Go to the city wharf. A boat will be waiting there to take you to Bivia and safety. Good luck my friends.” The snake disappeared back into the shadows.
    When the trio arrived back at the entertainment room the brawl was still in full swing. They stepped carefully around the bodies on the floor, dodged the tails swirling around, and caught the lift back to their room. At the open door Bolgobin said goodnight for the sake of the cameras and then left. They had arranged to meet later that night to retrieve the magic wand.


Chapter 25
The Spy Is Exposed

Once again Matilda and Peri had to sneak out of their room. At three o’clock in the morning they crept out of the door and caught the lift down to the foyer. The Reptors were snoring quietly at their posts as Bolgobin had predicted. He met them at the entrance to the glass corridor. Holding his finger to his mouth he signalled that they should follow him.
When he reached the door to the maze he put his hand on the wall and waited for the glass to dissolve. Once the wall closed behind them he quickly led them through the labyrinth. They arrived at the golden door without a problem. Bolgobin pressed his hand against the glass panel and the door swung open. Matilda placed a shoe between the door and the wall to prevent it closing completely. “Just in case we need a quick getaway,” she whispered.
Bolgobin was the first one to the cauldron. “Give me a lift so I can look inside,” he said to Matilda. She linked her hands under his foot and lifted him into the air. “I can’t see anything inside. It must be somewhere else,” he told them.
They stood together and looked around the workshop. What they didn’t notice was the eye on the cover of the Wizard’s Book of Spells. It was watching their every move.
“It has to be here somewhere,” insisted Matilda. “Can’t you sense where it is?” she asked Peri.
“Nope,” the fairy replied. “I have many abilities, but not that one, I’m afraid.”
Bolgobin moved back to the cauldron. “Hermalkin said it was near the cauldron, not in it.” He bent down to look into the dark space beneath the huge pot. He saw a box. Reaching in, he pulled it out. “I think I have something,” he said excitedly.
Matilda and Peri ran across to him. He was holding a small box. Unfortunately it was locked.
“This must be it,” declared Madelein. “Can you open it?” she asked Bolgobin.
As they tried to work out how to get it open, the door to the Wizard’s entrance flew open. Standing in the light were the Wizard, Gwodlyn the tiger, and Hermalkin.
“Well what do we have here? Thank goodness the eye triggered the silent alarm.” He turned on Matilda. “To think I trusted you. Thief, traitor, ungrateful wretch.”
    Matilda didn’t bother to argue the point. She grabbed the box from Bolgobin and, with Peri clutching her neck, she shouted, “RUN!”
As they reached the door, Bolgobin scooped up Matilda’s shoe and slammed the golden door shut.
“That should slow them down a bit,” he gasped. “Follow me.”
He raced along the maze. Behind them they heard the Wizard shout, “Gwodlyn! Hermalkin! Chase them down!”
When they reached the glass corridor, Bolgobin resisted the temptation to run out onto the forecourt. Instead he put his hands on the wall and they slipped into another passageway. He handed Matilda her shoe and she put it on. Pressing their ears to the door, they heard Gwodlyn and Hermalkin enter the glass corridor.
“Where could they have gone?” roared Gwodlyn.
“Probably into another passageway,” said Hermalkin. Matilda and Bolgobin held their breath.
“You try this one,” continued Hermalkin, “and I’ll try another one. We’ll meet back here in two minutes. Shout out if you see them.”
Then, horror of horrors, Matilda felt their door opening. All was lost.
“Sh!” whispered Hermalkin when the door opened. “I sensed you behind this door when we were in the corridor. Quickly! You have two minutes start. Run for the wharf. I’ll try to delay Gwodlyn as long as I can.”
The three escapees ran into the corridor, through the dissolving door and out onto the forecourt. As they headed down the road to the city they heard a shout from behind. It was Gwodlyn. He had returned early.
“What are you doing?” they heard him scream at Hermalkin. “There they are!”
Grasping the box containing the wand for dear life, Matilda looked over her shoulder to see the tiger in hot pursuit with Hermalkin slithering along behind. Peri was holding on tightly.
The tiger was gaining on them. Matilda could almost feel his hot breath on her neck. Then she felt a thump on her back. Gwodlyn had caught her. She tumbled forward and rolled down the road, clutching the box to her chest. Peri was thrown to the ground and lay there, stunned. When Matilda looked back, the tiger had his powerful legs over the little fairy and was looking down at her with a terrible smirk on his face. He seemed to have forgotten the others. He roared and lifted his head back, ready to take her in his jaws.
Then a surprising thing happened. Hermalkin had caught up with Gwodlyn. Just as the tiger was about to bite Peri, Hermalkin swayed forward and sprayed a stream of venom into Gwodlyn’s face. With a hiss of steam, the tiger disappeared.
Hermalkin nudged Peri to her feet. “Hurry and join your friends,” he said. “Tell them to waste no time. The Reptors could be all over the place at any moment.”
“But what about you?” asked Peri. “What will the Wizard do to you when he finds out you helped us?”
“Don’t worry about me,’ smiled Hermalkin. “I have a story to tell the Wizard. Now, hurry.”
Peri flew to Matilda’s shoulder. They paused to wave to Hermalkin, and Matilda blew him a kiss. Bolgobin grabbed her by the arm and they raced towards the wharf.
A few minutes later the Wizard arrived, puffing and panting. “Where are they?” he demanded.
“I’m afraid we’ve los-s-st them,” answered Hermalkin. “But I found your s-s-spy.”
“What?” said the Wizard, shaking his head. “Who is it?”
“Gwodlyn,” answered Hermalkin. “I never would have s-s-sus-s-spected it but, just as-s-s we were about to catch the traitors-s-s, he took them onto his-s-s back and ran off with them. They’re well gone by now.”
“I can’t believe it,” said the Wizard in a shocked voice. “Gwodlyn? Are you sure?”
“I can only tell you what happened, S-S-Sire,” said Hermalkin. “He helped them es-s-scape and they sh-sh-showed no fear of him. He has-s-s always-s-s been a bit too quiet, I thought.”
“Yes, now you come to mention it. He was never one to offer much advice. Thank goodness I have you, my loyal pet,” said the Wizard. “But this changes everything. Now they have the wand we’ll have to move our plan ahead. Come, we must get back to the cave immediately. There isn’t a second to waste.”  


Chapter 26
A Boat Ride To Bivia

Matilda had never been happier than when she saw the wharf at the end of their race through the city. Now she had another problem. There were several boats moored to the wharf. Which one was theirs? That was when she heard a loud whistle and saw a sleek speedboat flashing its lights. They rushed over to it and were absolutely flabbergasted when it spoke to them in a mechanical voice.
“I am expecting two humans and a fairy. My sensors tell me that you fit that description. Please come aboard. I have been programmed to take you to Bivia. Make yourselves comfortable and enjoy the ride.”
As soon as they were on board, powerful engines roared into life and the speedboat took off with a jerk that threw them all back into their seats.
“One word of warning. I am solar-powered so please do not touch the panels at the rear of the boat.” Bolgobin quickly lifted his hand away.
They sped out of the harbour and into the open sea. Matilda noted that there was no steering wheel in the boat and it seemed to have a mind of its own. As soon as the boat steadied itself, with its nose in the air and a rooster-tail shooting out the back, Matilda looked at the box again.
“How can we get this open?” she asked.
Bolgobin said, “Give it to me.” Taking a safety pin from a tear in his robe, he twisted it around in the keyhole and Presto! the box opened to reveal Peri’s wand.
“Another hidden talent,” said Matilda.
“Can Peri use it now?” asked Bolgobin.
Peri took the wand out of the box and inspected it. She waved it in the air. “I'm afraid nor, for the moment anyway. It looks like the Wizard has been playing with it even though it can't work for him, and he's used up most of its power. We'll just have to wait until it recharges.” She handed the wand to Matilda.
“Will you hold onto this until we get to the island, please Matilda?”
“It would be a pleasure,” replied Matilda.
As the little boat sped on its way, Matilda moved to the front of the boat. She held onto the windscreen with one hand and felt the wind blowing through her hair. The other hand hand grasped the treasured wand.
Bolgobin stayed in his seat, gradually turning a shade of green. “I’ve never been to sea before,” he groaned. “But I’ve heard about sea-sickness.” He put his head between his knees.
The trip to Bivia took an hour and a half. By the time the island came into sight, the sun was creeping over the horizon. Matilda saw hundreds of lights from the main city and, as they drew closer, she made out thousands of people crowded along the shoreline. The boat sped towards a wharf.
Matilda could hardly believe her eyes as they pulled up beside the jetty. There, with a broad smile on his face, was Thor. When they climbed onto land he wrapped his huge wings around them and lowered his head to nuzzle each of them with his cheek. Bolgobin was still holding his upset stomach but his face was regaining its natural colour.
“It’s wonderful to see you again,” said the giant eagle.
“And we’re happy to see you looking so well. What happened to your wounds?” said Matilda as she saw no bandages on the big bird.
“I have a very good doctor,” said Thor. “Come and meet her.” He led them through the cheering crowd to a stage that had been set up above the dock. The Witch of Bivia sat on a throne but, as they approached, she stood and walked down to them.
“You have no idea what a pleasure it is to see you here safely,” she said. “Welcome to Bivia. Will you walk with me?”
She set off towards the city, walking among her citizens who cheered as they passed. Matilda, Peri and Bolgobin followed behind.
“I have had a message from Hermalkin,” she informed them as they strolled along. “The Wizard has advanced his plan for war. We should expect an attack in two days. If I were on my own I would surrender now but, with you here and Peri’s wand, we may be able to turn the tables on him. It still won’t be easy, but we have a chance.”
“At least we have some time to develop a plan,” commented Matilda.
“Yes,” agreed the Witch as they reached a simple house. “Here we are at my residence. I like to live amongst the people.”
“What a change from the Wizard,” thought Matilda. She was already admiring this humble woman. Her feeling was strengthened when she asked the witch what they should call her.
“Why, by my name of course,” she replied. “Clementine.” They entered the house.
When they were seated in an ordinary lounge room, the witch addressed them. “I suppose you have many questions that you would like answered. I want you to understand exactly what you are supporting.”
“We know that the Wizard is after your supply of Zithium,” began Matilda, “but why do you still have so much of it?”
“I have been told that you were shown the dreadful pollution caused by the used-up Zithium when Thor flew you over the island. We have chosen not to use the poisonous fuel so that our beautiful environment is protected. If you look at the houses as you walk around our city you will notice that they all have solar panels on them. Our factories are the same. We use nature as the source of our power. We also have wind farms all around the top of our volcano. So our supply of Zithium remains untouched.”
“That sounds marvellous,” enthused Matilda, “but why did you choose to use natural power?”
 “To understand that you must first appreciate why our island is called ‘Bivia’. It means ‘Two Ways’. A wise old man of Bivia once said, ‘Everything is two. We have two hands, the right for caressing, the left for striking; two eyes, one for recognising beauty, the other to view the ugly; two ears to hear exquisite music or wicked gossip; and two legs to choose at the fork in the road, following the right leg to pursue good, the left on the path to evil. Everything is a choice between two’. This is our belief. We have chosen the good path. I don’t have to tell you which path the Wizard chose.”
“That’s fantastic,” said Matilda, mesmerised by this wonderful lady. “Why don’t you explain it to the Wizard and try to change his mind?”
“I already have, many times,” said Clementine with a sigh. “I’m afraid that his mind is closed. He is determined to go to war. Most bad leaders who go to war do so for one of two reasons – a clash of beliefs or greed. And sometimes they use the first as an excuse for the second. That is the case with the Wizard. He has convinced his people that I am a threat to them when he really only wants what I have. They say ‘Truth is the first casualty of war’ and that is very true. You have to convince your followers to hate the enemy – make them less than human. Lies and deceit are used with abandon and the Wizard is very good at that.”
Matilda, Peri and Bolgobin sat very still, taking in everything that Clementine had said. Each was determined that they would do whatever they could to help this wonderful lady.
“Enough serious talk,” said Clementine, standing up. “You must be very hungry after your long journey. My cook has prepared a delicious breakfast for us.”
“I really don’t think my stomach is ready for food,” moaned Bolgobin.
“Well, that’s a first,” said Matilda, laughing. “I’ll eat your share,” she offered
They followed Clementine down a hallway to the dining room. Seated on a cushion near the table was a Meerkat while, hanging from the chandelier, was a bat. “My Familiars,” said the Witch. “The bat is called Fiddles and the Meerkat is Christopher. I try to keep everything simple.”
A short plump lady wearing a chef’s cap bustled into the room with a large tray heaped with eggs, bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes and toast. She was followed by a young girl carrying a jug of orange juice.
Seeing the food and, more importantly, smelling it, Bolgobin said, “I might be able to try some food after all.” Everybody smothered a giggle.
“That’s what I like to hear,” said the chef.
There was a soft buzzing sound. Clementine excused herself and walked towards the rear of the house. When she returned she looked tense.
“That was a message from Hermalkin,” she informed them. “The Wizard has made his first move. He has put a spell shield right around Laboria. That means we won’t be able to use your wand, Peri, until he comes out into the open. And Hermalkin says that the attack should come the day after tomorrow, led by the Reptors.”  


Chapter 27
The Wizard Prepares For War

In his workshop, the Wizard looked up from his spell book and spoke to Hermalkin.
“That’s the first job done. The fairy’s magic has been neutralised. As long as the shield remains they can do nothing. Now I must visit my Reptor Generals to prepare our troops for the attack on Bivia. You stay here, my trusted one, in case there are any developments.”
“Very well, S-S-Sire,” replied the cobra.
As soon as the Wizard had left the cave, Hermalkin slithered up to his bedroom. In the centre of the room was a large, golden basket containing fluffy cushions. This was his bed. He went over to it, nudged the cushions aside, and looked down at a small crystal ball. He stared at it with his bright emerald eyes and muttered the magic words, “Simbal, Contram, Benedas”. The crystal ball glowed and, as soon as it showed Clementine in her workshop, he reported the Wizard’s plan to her.
Meanwhile the Wizard had been driven by a Reptor to another cave several kilometres along the coastline from the city. Nobody except the Wizard knew of its existence. It had been excavated into the cliff and could only be entered from the sea.
In fact, the cave contained a city beneath the island. Over the years the Wizard had built up a fleet of over two hundred longboats and, late at night in his workshop, he had used his magic to create a thousand Reptors to man the fleet. They lived in the cave, and nobody knew they were there.
The Wizard climbed down to the shoreline, where a small boat was waiting. It took him around a rock stack that hid the entrance, and into the cave itself. The Wizard could not help marvelling at the beauty of the boats, all lined up against their floating docks, ready to deal the final blow to the Witch’s empire.
The thousand Reptors were on parade, awaiting his arrival. His Generals greeted him warmly as he stepped out of the boat and onto a stage that had been set up in front of the troops. He smiled as he addressed them.
“My loyal soldiers, the time has arrived. You have the future of Laboria and its people in your hands. Your bravery in this battle will be spoken about for generations. I ask you to remember this as you face the enemy. The evil empire of Bivia and its wicked witch must be destroyed. Your Generals will tell you exactly what you have to do for success. Listen to them carefully and give of your best. I wish you a speedy victory.”
The Reptors cheered, raising their spears and bows in salute. The Wizard motioned to the Generals and they moved to a nearby room where a map of the islands had been pinned to a table. The Generals stood around the table as the Wizard explained his plan.
“I have put up a spell shield right around Laboria,” he said, drawing a line around the island. “This will prevent the fairy from using her magic wand against us in the early stages. However, she still poses a real problem for us – and that is where your task is so important. I will allow your fleet to pass through the spell shield and provide cover for you. They won’t know that you are coming until the last moment. Now, here is the most important part. You must engage the fairy with your troops so that she has to use her wand to hold you back. Her wand only has a certain reserve of power. You have to force her to use it up.”
“That will mean we have to sacrifice many of our soldiers, won’t it?” asked one of the Generals, looking concerned.
“Certainly,” replied the Wizard. “What are soldiers for?” he added angrily. “If that worries you, I don’t want you as a leader.”
“No . . . I just wanted to clear that up,” said the General, sweat breaking out on his forehead. “I meant no offence.”
“Just as long as you all remember that the job has to be done – no matter what the cost,” said the Wizard. “Do . . .you . . . understand?” They all nodded.
“Very well,” continued the Wizard. “You set out for Bivia in the longboats at precisely three o’clock in the morning, the day after tomorrow. That should get you to the island by six o’clock, just as the people are waking up. You can give them an early morning surprise.” He smirked. “Now go and organise your soldiers and archers. You will need every minute between now and the invasion to train them in what they have to do.” He dismissed the Generals with a wave of his hand.
The next important task that the Wizard had to do was to inform the people of Laboria that they were going to war. He hurried back to the cave and entered the communications room. Soon, every television on the island gave out a blast to signal the Wizard’s message as he appeared on the screens.
“My loyal citizens of Laboria,” he announced, “the time has arrived for us to take revenge for the pain and suffering that the evil Witch of Bivia has caused us for so long. As I promised you, I have developed a powerful spell that now surrounds our island to protect you. I also have a plan that will ensure victory for our great empire and the destruction of that wicked sorceress and her heartless people. Our brave troops are preparing for an attack in the near future and I only ask that you support them in their struggle. We have suffered enough! Now it is our turn!”
The message was repeated throughout the day and into the night. Crowds walked to the forecourt in front of the cave to demonstrate their support for the Wizard. They waved signs saying, ‘Down With The Wicked Witch’, ‘Glory To Our Brave Soldiers’, ‘Destroy Bivia’. The people were at
frenzy pitch and the Wizard watched it all with satisfaction.  


Chapter 28
Matilda Has An Idea

Clementine, her Familiars, Matilda, Peri and Bolgobin were all gathered around a television set in the lounge room watching the Wizard’s speech and the public demonstration that followed it.
“I can pick up all of his broadcasts,” said Clementine. “The transmission tower is on top of their volcano. It allows me to keep track of the lies he is spreading. Not that I can do much about it.”
“We can’t just sit here doing nothing,” protested Matilda. “He’s getting away with it. There must be something we can do.”
“Let’s go for a walk,” said Clementine with a sigh. “I have something to show you.”
They walked through the house and out into a pleasant back area, more like a small park, with stone walking-paths, colourful blossoms and trees and shrubs. The air was clear and clean.
Clementine went over to a box-like structure covered in a black sheet. She took one corner of the cover and pulled it away. In front of them was a large cage –and in it was Gwodlyn. The white tiger glared at them from behind the bars. His scowl was so horrible that Matilda jumped backwards.
“Don’t worry,” said Clementine, “there is a spell around the cage to stop him misbehaving. We’ll have to convince him to change his personality before we let him out.”
“How did he get here?” asked Bolgobin.
“He arrived last night when Hermalkin vaporised him. Everybody who is vaporised ends up here, although nobody else is put in a cage. Come, I’ll show you.”
They helped the witch replace the cover and then walked through a gate at the end of the path. They proceeded up a small hill to an attractive, two-storey house with a sign on the front that said, ‘OUR WELCOME VISITORS’. Clementine went up to the front door and rang a bell.
The door was opened by a small woman. Bolgobin gasped. “I know you,” he said to her. “Maefin!”
A smile broke out on the woman’s face. “Bolgobin!” she exclaimed. “What are you doing here, for goodness sake?”
“I might ask you the same question,” said Bolgobin.
“Excuse me Clementine,” apologised Maefin, “I don’t want to appear rude. Come inside.”
When Maefin had arranged a cup of tea for everybody, the group sat around a table in the garden. Bolgobin could hardly contain his curiosity. “Well,” he said impatiently, “how did you get here?”
“You may not know it but the Wizard is the one who casts the spells that turn our people into pigs and blames it on Clementine,” explained Maefin. “A truly disgusting man.”
“Yes, yes, we know that,” said Bolgobin.
“Well, when we are vaporised by Hermalkin, we aren’t really hurt at all. We are just transported across the sea to the safety of Bivia,” she continued, “and to our beautiful Clementine.”
“Don’t you miss your friends and family?” enquired Matilda.
“Of course,” answered Maefin. “But we have no choice. We can’t return to Laboria. The Wizard wouldn’t allow it in case we told the people the truth. And we are well looked after here.”
“How many of you are there?” asked Bolgobin.
“Two hundred and thirty six at the last count,” said Maefin. “There are many more houses like this one. Twenty Laborians live in this residence.”
“And you’re all happy?” asked Matilda.
“Certainly. That is until we can safely return to our families – if ever,” said Maefin.
“I have a brilliant idea!” cried Matilda, jumping to her feet.
Everybody stared at her with their mouths open.  


Chapter 29
Return Fire

“Do you have any pictures of what the Zithium does to the sea?” asked Matilda.
“Yes,” replied Clementine. “Thor took some photographs on one of his illegal flights and sent them to me.”
“I think it’s about time the people of Laboria were told the truth,” said Matilda.
“How do we manage that?” asked Clementine.
“A little bit of magic and some help from our friends,” replied Matilda. “You said the transmission tower was on the top of the volcano, didn’t you?”
“Yes,” responded Clementine.
“Then, if you can receive messages from Laboria, we should be able to send messages back,” explained Matilda excitedly. “Their transmission tower is well above the spell shield the Wizard has put up and that’s where Peri comes in.”
Peri perked up. “What do I have to do?” she asked.
“We have to prepare a program showing how the Wizard is destroying the environment, how he has been vaporising the people for his own ends and what his real purpose is. I’m sure the men and women who have ended up here will help us out. Then we send it to Laboria. That’s your job,Peri.”
“Two questions,” said Bolgobin. “What’s to stop the Wizard pulling the plug on the program as soon as it starts? And what if the Laborians think we have forced their people to say bad things about the Wizard.”
“Mm-m-m, good questions,” Matilda replied. “With the second question, I think the people we use, like Maefin, will convince them that they are telling the truth. I mean, they’re here, alive, aren’t they? But how do we stop the Wizard from cutting off the broadcast?”
“I think I have the answer to that,” offered Clementine. “It could mean that Hermalkin is placed in a dangerous position but I can’t see any other way. I’ll let him know what we’re doing and he will have to try to keep the Wizard away from any broadcast.”
“Can you contact him as soon as possible? While you’re doing that we’ll start to put the program together. We have the rest of today and tomorrow to get it done if Hermalkin’s information is correct.”
Hermalkin knew that a message was coming from Bivia when an implant in his hood gave him a small shock. He wound his way up to his bedroom and uncovered the crystal ball. Listening to what Clementine had to say, he agreed that it was a good plan. At the end he promised the witch that he would do his part, no matter what.
    Meanwhile, Matilda and Bolgobin were visiting the Laborians to obtain volunteers. They had decided that four would be enough to convince their audience. The first four they asked all agreed to help. They were eager to discredit the Wizard.
By the end of that evening they had almost completed the video. There was an introduction by Matilda, speeches by the volunteers and pictures of the Zithium waste pouring into the sea. It was very damaging to the Wizard. They would finish it tomorrow and transmit it the following evening when most Laborians were home. Peri would use her magic to interrupt the Wizard’s programs and broadcast their own video. Hopefully, they would be able to stop the invasion going ahead.
Clementine sent another message to Hermalkin informing him of the timetable. He said that he would make sure that the Wizard was busy at the time they interrupted transmission at exactly ten o’clock.


Chapter 30
Hermalkin’s Luck

While Matilda and her crew were busy the next day putting the finishing touches to their video, the Wizard was making sure that everything was in place for the invasion in the early hours of the following morning. He had locked himself in his workshop and was developing the spells he would need to achieve victory. It all depended on having Maximilian’s fairy use up the power in her wand. He knew that his own power now was greater than the witch’s and, once the fairy was neutralised, she would be easily destroyed.
As it turned out, Hermalkin didn’t have to worry about talking the Wizard into being away while the outside broadcast was taking place. He had joined the Wizard in his workshop and was watching the cauldron boil and bubble when the Wizard said, “I shall be away tonight and I shan’t be back until the battle is over, my friend. I have to go out and visit my Aquilas. They will be transporting me to Bivia to claim victory. You will be in charge here while I am absent. We will celebrate together on my return.”
“I look forward to it, Sire,” replied Hermalkin, breathing a sigh of relief.
“Now, come over here and help me finish this spell,” said the Wizard.  


Chapter 31
The Broadcast

The hour finally arrived for the broadcast to be sent to Laboria. Matilda placed the video cassette into the player in Clementine’s lounge room. As the introduction came onto the screen, Peri waved her wand and the pictures flew across the sea to the transmitter tower on Laboria’s volcano.
Matilda addressed the camera. “Hello to the citizens of Laboria from the people of Bivia. As you are aware, your Wizard has chosen to declare war on this empire. However, we know that he has been less than honest with you about his reasons for this decision. We are about to show you how you have been tricked by your leader to support his violent acts. This is not propaganda to trick you again. It is the truth you are entitled to know.”
The camera moved to show Maefin. “Hello to all of my family and friends on Laboria. Yes, it is me, Maefin Wolban, alive and well. The first thing I need you to know is that I am not being forced to tell you what you are about to hear. It is about time you all learnt the truth about our leader, the Wizard. As you know, I was one of the victims of the ‘Pig Spell’ and I was vaporised by Hermalkin, the cobra. What you don’t know is that the spells that caused these events were not cast by the Witch of Bivia, but by our own Wizard himself. How did I discover this? When I was vaporised, I didn’t disappear; I was simply transported to Bivia where I, along with hundreds of my countrymen, was welcomed with open arms. The purpose of this evil act by our leader, offering up his own people, was to convince us that the Witch of Bivia, Clementine, hated us and needed to be destroyed. Nothing could be further from the truth. Clementine is a gentle and caring leader. What reason did the Wizard have for this deception? Bivia has huge reserves of Zithium and Laboria is running out of its supplies. The Wizard had to have your support before he could invade Bivia to satisfy his own greed. Having lived on this island for almost a year, I can tell you that there are many other ways for us to create energy. But that is another story that I will leave to somebody else. Finally, to my family and friends, I miss you terribly, and I hope to see you soon when the Wizard is exposed and defeated. He does not deserve your support. Thank you.”
The other three Laborians followed with similar stories, followed by photographs of all of the other survivors. Then Matilda appeared again. She showed pictures of the Zithium leaking out into the sea and spoke about how it was destroying the environment, cutting short the lives of Strangees, who had worked in the mines, and how it would poison them all in the future. She then showed the other ways of producing energy that were being used on Bivia. Finally, she said:
“You, the citizens of Laboria, have been lied to by your leader. His aims are not for the benefit of his people but simply to increase his own wealth and power. You and your children will pay the price in the years to come. Rise as one and be rid of him before it is too late.”  


Chapter 32
Hermalkin Pays The Price

The terrible mistake that Hermalkin made was deciding to sound the signal on all television sets to alert the people to an important message. He felt he had to make sure that as many Laborians as possible heard the broadcast.
Unfortunately, the Wizard heard the alarm as well. He was sitting in one of the hangars at the airport, planning his victory flight with a giant eagle, Aquila Triton, when he heard the warning go off on the huge television screen on the wall above them. He quickly tuned in and couldn’t believe what he was seeing and hearing. His face went white as he slumped back in his chair. Then his anger spilt over when he realised that he had been betrayed once again.
“Take me back to the cave immediately!” he shouted at the eagle as he ran to one of the baskets. Triton knew that the Wizard was dangerous when he was this angry so he strutted outside, picked up the ropes and lifted into the sky. Within minutes he had dropped his passenger on the forecourt of the cave.
Racing through the maze the Wizard arrived at the golden door. When it opened he saw Hermalkin watching a television screen. He didn’t bother to question the cobra as he knew that he was the only one that could have set off the alarm. He simply screamed “Traitor!”, pulled a wand from beneath his robe, and turned the snake into stone.  


Chapter 33
Revolution

At the end of Matilda’s broadcast, the citizens of Laboria were spilling out into the streets, stunned by what they had heard. Their shock soon turned to anger and they streamed towards the cave, determined to seek the truth and, if needed, overthrow the Wizard.
When they arrived at the forecourt, in their thousands, they were faced with armed Reptors, trying to protect the entrance. They stormed forward and disarmed the guards, knocking them to the ground. Then they began banging on the glass at the front of the cave but it was useless as the Wizard had locked the dissolving door. The crowd began to shout for him to come out and face them. In their eyes his unwillingness to do so confirmed his guilt.
Inside his workshop the Wizard ignored a message from a Reptor guard reporting the demonstration outside. He was thinking of what he could do now to make sure that his plans were not ruined. He had to proceed with the Reptor attack no matter what. When he had achieved victory, he would deal with the thankless citizens and make them pay for their disobedience. The madness, that had always been in him, was coming to the surface. He was supreme and he would win.
The hours had ticked by and it was almost time for the Reptor fleet to be launched. He reached for a small communicator and ordered Triton to return to the cave and pick him up from the roof. Gathering his wands, he rushed out through his private exit and entered the lift.  


Chapter 34
The Long Wait

In Bivia, there was celebration after the broadcast. It had gone better than they had hoped. Now they had to sit back and wait to see how the people of Laboria reacted to the facts. It was a nail-biting time.
“I don’t think this will change the Wizard’s mind about attacking us,” commented Clementine. “He will go ahead no matter what the people say.”
“I agree,” said Bolgobin. “We can only hope that we are able to defeat the invaders.”
“No small task,” replied Clementine,” when we don’t have an army of our own. Pots, pans and broomsticks aren’t much good against spears and arrows.”
“Aren’t you forgetting about me?” interrupted Peri.
“Oh, no, my dear,” said Clementine. “We are depending on you. But remember that the power of your wand is limited and we must preserve it at all costs for the final encounter with the Wizard. You will need every ounce of your magic.”
Nobody on Bivia slept that night as they sat and waited for the storm to break.  


Chapter 35
The Armada

The longboats, filled with their foot-soldiers and archers, slipped away from their moorings. The Wizard, who had flown there to escape the angry crowds, waved to them and shouted, “Victory!”, as they motored out of the cave. A thousand voices replied, “Victory”, and the word echoed around the walls.
The boats used their engines until they reached the spell shield. As soon as they had passed through the glassy screen the Reptors took up oars and rowed the rest of the way to ensure a silent approach. When they were several kilometres off the coastline of Bivia, a thick fog dropped over the water to hide them from the island. The Wizard had prepared a weather spell to give the fleet cover.  


Chapter 36
A Brief Battle For Bivia

When Clementine saw the thick fog moving in from the sea, she knew that the time had arrived. Going to her garden, she sounded the alarm. A continuous siren sounded across the island. Within minutes the residents began to appear along the shoreline. They carried sticks, pitchforks, garden rakes and anything else they could lay their hands on to help defend their homeland. They were a rag-tag army.
Matilda, Peri, Bolgobin and Clementine stood with Thor by the dock and watched the mist swirl about over the sea. Suddenly the fog lifted and there, in front of them, arranged in a semi-circle, were the longboats of the Laborian fleet. The Reptors on board let out a spine-chilling shout and shook their spears at the people on the shore. Many of the citizens stepped backwards.
Nothing could be done but wait and see what the invaders were going to do. They didn’t have to wait long. The archers in each boat stood up and dipped their arrows in pots of tar. When a torch had been put to the tar, the fiery missiles flew towards the shore in their hundreds. Spot fires broke out everywhere. Some houses burst into flames. People ran everywhere, filling buckets with water, running out hoses and grabbing extinguishers as they tried to douse the flames. No sooner had they controlled one fire than another volley of flaming arrows landed and started others. Panic spread through the people.
Clementine and Peri took out their magic wands and attempted to capsize the longboats without success. It seemed that the Wizard had thought of everything.
As soon as the archers had the terror-stricken Bivians running around in circles, the soldier Reptors slid overboard and swam towards the dock, their spears pointing into the air. They swarmed ashore and hand-to-hand fighting began.
The Reptors concentrated on Peri. She was kept busy pointing her wand at the soldiers as they rushed towards her, freezing them on the spot. The troops didn’t appear to care if they were stopped in their tracks as they kept coming in waves. They were doing exactly as the Wizard had ordered.
Some brave citizens took to the Reptors with their hopeless weapons but they were quickly subdued. Clementine stood side by side with Peri and wielded her wand to freeze the soldiers as well. But still the enemy kept coming. Matilda and Bolgobin were busy organising people to put out the fires as the arrows continued to rain down. Thor flew overhead with  large buckets of water in his claws, tipping them onto the flames below.
When Clementine had the chance to look around and see how many of her people were lying on the ground wounded, she decided enough was enough. She couldn’t stand to see her subjects suffer. Reaching into her robe, she pulled out a large white cloth, put it on the end of her wand and shouted out, “Surrender!”
Everything came to a standstill. The Reptors paused in their attack and the Bivians dropped their make-shift weapons. A loud roar went up from the longboats. Victory was theirs. Clementine and Peri dropped their wands to the ground and two Reptors rushed forward to pick them up.
On one of the longboats, a General communicated news of the triumph to the Wizard, who had been hovering in a basket behind the spell shield. The General informed him that the Reptors had concentrated on making Peri use her magic but there was no need to worry as they had taken her wand from her. 
The Wizard cheered. “You shall all be well rewarded for your bravery today. Hold the beach until I arrive. We should be there in ten minutes.”
Triton flapped his huge wings and flew faster than he had ever done before towards Bivia.  


Chapter 37
The Tables Are Turned

People rushed around to tend to the wounded. Others continued to douse the flames. The Reptors who had not been frozen pointed their spears at the survivors. Peri stepped behind Clementine.
Everybody looked up as Triton, carrying his victorious leader, appeared in the sky above. The eagle flew down to the dock and gently dropped the basket to the ground. Several Reptors ran over to help the Wizard climb out. He had a wide smile on his face as he walked over to where Clementine was standing. He pulled a wand out of his cloak and smiled at her. 
“Well I’m afraid the time has come, my dear. I shall be rid of you forever and your empire shall be mine. Brace yourself. This won’t hurt very much.” And he lifted his wand.
Just as he was about to point the wand at Clementine, Peri stepped out from behind her holding her own wand.
“You call that a wand?” she shouted. “This is a wand.” And she pointed her magic wand at him.
The Wizard was too shocked to react. Peri’s spell hit him in the chest and threw him backwards. His wand flew out of his hand and fell into the water. The Reptors dropped their spears and stood back. Stunned by the blow, he could just manage to squeeze out a few words from his position on the ground. “But . . . you . . . used up . . .all your . . . power . . . and the . . . Reptors . . .took your . . .  wand.”
“You shouldn’t believe everything you are told,” said Peri with a grin. “Clementine gave me one of her spare wands for the battle and I infused the freezepell. I still have enough power in my own wand to deal with you. Now, what would you like to be? A fish?” She pointed her wand again and the Wizard turned into a fish, flopping about on the dock.
“No, I don’t think so. Too nice. A lobster?” The fish turned into a lobster that went scurrying around in circles.
“Nope,” said Peri. “I know – an eel. You’ve always been a slippery individual.” With that she pointed her wand at the lobster and it turned into a slimy eel wriggling about on the edge of the dock.
Matilda walked over to it and kicked it into the water. “Go and join all of those other poor sea-animals you’ve condemned to death with your Zithium.”
The Bivians, who had been watching this breath-taking performance, burst into an almighty cheer. Matilda, Bolgobin and Clementine rushed over and gave Peri a hug.
“To use your words,” said Matilda, “you were so brave.”
“The plan worked perfectly,” added Clementine. “Although I wish we had put up the white flag before anybody was hurt.”
“We had no choice,” Peri reminded her. “We had to take our time and make them think I was using up all of my power, as you suggested. I’m certain the people who were hurt won’t mind their sacrifice now that the Wizard is gone.” Then she added with a wink, “And I’m sure they will appreciate the bravery medal you will present to them at a special ceremony in their honour.”
Clementine laughed, “You’re full of good ideas.”
Bolgobin interrupted. “What do we do with all of these Reptors – frozen and live? And that eagle?”
The soldiers hadn’t moved since they saw what had happened to the Wizard and Triton had his eyes on Peri’s wand.
Peri wasn’t fazed. “What is created by magic can be removed by magic.” She pointed her wand and swung it around at the Reptors and the longboats. “Be gone forever!” she cried and, now that the Wizard's powers had been destroyed, they all gradually faded and disappeared. Then she turned to the eagle.
“Good or bad?” she asked Thor, who was standing nearby.
“A friend of the Wizard,” replied Thor.
“Well, that settles it,” said Peri and, with a wave of her wand, the eagle turned into a pigeon.
“I don’t think he’ll be doing any harm in the future,” commented Peri.
Her audience broke out into cheering again. The people rushed over and hoisted Matilda, Peri, Bolgobin and Clementine onto their shoulders. They began a march towards the city where everybody applauded and hailed them as they passed.  


Chapter 38
Life In Laboria

“I wonder what’s happening in Laboria?” said Matilda as the group sat in Clementine’s lounge room sipping tea after the victory parade.
“It’s strange that I haven’t heard from Hermalkin,” said Clementine with a frown. “I think we should travel over there and check things out.”
“Good idea,” agreed Matilda. “Let’s do it now.”
Peri wanted to transport them with her magic wand but, when they mentioned this to Thor, he insisted that he fly them over in a basket.
“It will only take half an hour,” he stated, “and it will give you a chance to think about what you are going to say to the Laborians.”
They admitted that it made common sense so Thor brought the basket up from the dock and they all climbed aboard. The flight was restful and they discussed what they needed to tell the citizens of Laboria about the battle and their future. It was decided that Clementine should be the one to speak to them.
The island finally came into sight and Thor circled the city so that they could assess the situation. They saw thousands of people on the streets and, as they flew over the forecourt, they observed many more ramming the glass front of the cave with a long log, to no effect. Clementine told Thor to go down and hover above the crowd.
When the people saw the basket they stood still and watched it descend. Clementine stood at the front of the basket, held up her arms, and shouted, “The Wizard is gone. He has been defeated. You are free!”
The crowd roared and people scattered to spread the news. Thor landed the basket and everybody climbed out.
“Have you noticed that there are no Reptors around?” commented Peri. “My spell must have gone farther than I intended.” And she kissed her wand.
They walked up to the glass front of the cave and Peri waved her wand. The dissolving door opened. Clementine turned to face the crowd on the forecourt.
“I am Clementine, the Witch of Bivia. Everything you have heard about me from the Wizard is false. You have nothing to fear. I want us all to live together in peace and prosperity. There is much still to be done but now is a time for common sense. I ask you all to return to your homes. I will speak to the nation tonight and explain everything to you.” The crowd cheered.
Bolgobin led the way into the cave. He pressed his hands against the glass in the corridor and the door to the maze opened. The group followed him through the maze to the golden door. When Bolgobin opened it they saw Hermalkin. He was a stone statue beside the cauldron.
Tears trickled down Clementine’s face. “Oh, my dear Hermalkin,” she cried, “what has he done to you? I’m so, so sorry. I didn’t mean for you to suffer.”
Peri flew over from Matilda’s shoulder. “No need for tears,” she said. “This is easily fixed.” And she tapped the statue with her wand.
Beginning at the head and moving slowly down the body, the statue began to soften. Hermalkin shook his hooded head and smiled at them. “What happened?” he asked. “I felt a bit stiff there for a while. When did you all get here?” Everybody broke into relieved laughter.
Clementine rushed over and cuddled the snake. “It’s over,” she told him. “The Wizard has been defeated. The people are free. And you almost gave up your life to make it happen.”
“Well, that’s nice to hear,” said a stunned Hermalkin. “You might like to fill in the details later. I have no idea what’s happened.”
“You shall know it all,” said Clementine and kissed him on his hood.
That night Clementine sat in front of a television camera and spoke to the people of both Laboria and Bivia. She again explained the evil plans of the Wizard and described the battle, and the way victory was achieved. Most importantly she spoke about the bravery of those who had put their lives at risk to defeat the Wizard – Matilda, Peri, Bolgobin, Thor and Hermalkin. At last she told them that their friends and family, who had been transported to Bivia, would return in the morning.
Then she added the most important message:
“The empires of Laboria and Bivia will live together in harmony. No longer will Zithium be used as a source of power and we will share our knowledge to make our islands healthier and richer. In the coming days you will have to elect a new leader who will share this dream with you.”
As the broadcast finished, the streets of Laboria were filled with people chanting, “Clementine for Laboria, Clementine for Laboria.”
And so it was. Clementine ruled over both islands. Her friend, Hermalkin, became Governor of Bivia and the Empire prospered.  
 

Chapter 39
Farewell

The day after their arrival in Laboria, Matilda told Clementine that the time had come for her and Peri to return home.
“Oh, you can’t go before the celebrations,” insisted Clementine.
“What celebrations?” asked Matilda.
“I should have told you earlier but we wanted it to be a surprise. The people of Bivia and Laboria want to thank you. If you hadn’t come here, the worst would have happened. The Wizard would be in control of both islands and the environment would have been destroyed. You have to stay, at least until tomorrow.”
Matilda looked at Peri. The little fairy nodded.
“We’d love to stay,” said Matilda.
The celebration was to be held by the sea on Laboria. The people from Bivia, including those returning to their homeland, travelled across the sea by any means available – boat, dinghy, Aquila Airlines, and  Peri even worked her magic to transport some of them. By the time the sun had begun to sink on the horizon, the shores were awash with people, all in a party mood.
The crowd roared as Clementine arrived in a cart driven by Bolgobin. They were followed by another vehicle carrying Matilda, Peri and Hermalkin. Thor circled in the sky above the crowd.
The procession made its way to a stage set up on the dock. The speedboat was moored there and gave a whistle as it flashed its lights. As soon as the official party had seated itself behind a table, food was served and a band began playing music. People started dancing and singing, eating and drinking. After she had eaten some of the delicious food, Matilda and Bolgobin walked down from the stage and joined in the dancing. It wasn’t long before Clementine and Hermalkin came down as well. Appropriately, the cobra started a conga that snaked its way through the streets.
The night of celebration ended with a brilliant fireworks display over the sea and three cheers for the official guests. The applause was deafening. Although Clementine, Matilda, Peri and Hermalkin retired to the cave for the night, Bolgobin stayed on as the people partied until dawn. He was a hero and he wanted to soak up every moment of his new image.
The next morning they all met for breakfast. Bolgobin looked bleary-eyed, having had no sleep. When they had finished their meal, Matilda announced that it was time for them to leave. She walked around the table and gave Clementine, Bolgobin and Hermalkin a kiss and a cuddle. Peri flew along behind to do the same.
‘Please try to return soon,” said Clementine, with tears in her eyes. “We’ll miss you.”
“Likewise,” said Peri.
Matilda nodded to the fairy and she waved her wand. The Story Mat, with the map still in its centre, appeared and settled on the ground. The little fairy, standing on Matilda’s shoulder, blew a kiss and then disappeared. Matilda gave a wave as she sat on the carpet. She folded her arms and closed her eyes and the carpet lifted off the floor.
“WHOOSH!”
They were on their way home.  


Chapter 40
A Report For Maximilian

Matilda felt the Story Mat land. She opened her eyes to see the familiar surroundings of her bedroom. She stood, stretched her arms, yawned and stepped off the carpet. She walked across to her bed and nervously checked to see that Peekee was under her pillow. The little stuffed animal was still lying there and she couldn’t see any stains on the bed.
Time to report to Maximilian. She rolled up the Story Mat, put it under her arm and began the climb to the attic with Peri. When she reached the door she lifted the latch and crawled inside, pushing the Story Mat in front of her. Reaching for the cord she pulled on the light. Everything looked the same as when she had last been there.
    As she lifted the Story Mat off the floor there was a burst of light followed by a cloud of smoke and Maximilian appeared.
“Welcome home my little ones,” he smiled. “You have certainly shown your bravery and intelligence in solving the problems of Laboria and Bivia and you, Matilda, are a worthy holder of the Story Mat.”
“Thank you,” answered Matilda. “It was certainly hair-raising, particularly when we couldn’t use Peri’s magic.”
“Yes, the Wizard gave you a difficult time but you survived. Not only that but you helped change an empire. Well done my little dove. Now your report. What did you learn from your adventures?”
Peri flew across to Maximilian’s shoulder.
“W-e-e-ell,” began Matilda, “I learnt from Clementine that bad leaders start wars for their own power and greed; that the innocent are the ones who suffer; and most people want a peaceful life and don’t want war as the first, or even the last choice.”
“True,” agreed Maximilian, nodding his head. “The ordinary person is generally fair and will accept others’ beliefs unless they have their minds poisoned by those hungry for power. Unfortunate but true.”
“Clementine also explained that everybody has two choices – the good path or the bad one. It is up to each individual to make that choice,” continued Matilda. “She taught me so much – the way we must look after the environment or pay the price; the need to use nature properly to provide our energy; but, most important of all, she taught me to always care about others.”
“You met a wonderful person,” said Maximilian. “You are a very lucky girl.”
“But others taught me things too,” insisted Matilda. “Bolgobin showed me how important human dignity is to everybody and how easily it can be crushed. He was teased, bullied and humiliated but, when he was shown some affection, he showed that he was very brave.”
“Excellent, my clever little treasure,” said Maximilian with pride.
“But everything would have been much easier if I had learnt the lesson in the coded message you put on the map,” said Matilda with a pretend-frown. “You don’t accept everything you see and are told. Some people lie for their own profit. You should always take the time to try to find the truth. The Wizard was very good at lying and making you feel good, to hide his evil.”
“Anything else, my pet?” asked Maximilian.
“Well . . . ,” Matilda paused. “I could not have done it without Peri. She was terrific and the way she dealt with the Wizard was amazing.”
“Yes,” agreed Maximilian, smiling at the little fairy, “she carried out her role perfectly.”
“I had a great time with you, my dear Matilda,” said Peri, blowing her a kiss.
“Oh, yes, one more thing. I also learnt that if you can’t have something, you miss it like crazy.”
“What do you mean,” inquired Maximilian.
    “Fish and chips!” exclaimed Matilda with a laugh. “I can’t wait to have fish and chips.”
Maximilian roared with laughter. “I’ll make the arrangements,” he said. “Now you have to return to your family. I am so proud of you and I’ll miss you until you visit the attic again. Have a long rest and let me know when you are ready for another adventure. By the way, I’m sure you will notice a difference when you rejoin your family.”
With that Maximilian, the fairy and the Story Mat slowly faded away.  


Chapter 41
A Pleasant Surprise

When Matilda arrived at her bedroom door she heard barking from behind it.
“Oh, no,” she thought, and braced herself for an attack as she eased the door open.
Peekee was standing on his back legs in the centre of the room, happily yapping. As soon as he saw Matilda, the dog ran to her and began licking her legs. And there were no pools of dog pee on the floor.
“What a change,” thought Matilda, scooping him into her arms.
As she carried him downstairs to the lounge room he kept licking her face. “Yuk!” she said. “Dog’s breath.”
When Matilda entered the lounge room she expected an explosion from her Aunt
Prudence, and to be accused of cruelty. Instead her aunt looked much happier than when Matilda had last seen her, weeping in Uncle Percival’s arms. She rushed over to her and, attempting to take Peekee from her arms, said, “You wonderful girl. I knew you would find him. You deserve a reward.” Matilda was shocked.
Aunt Prudence was in for a bigger shock. As she tried to grab Peekee, he snarled and bit her on the arm. “Youch!” she shouted and, then, holding up her bleeding arm to show Uncle Percival, screamed, “Look what he did to me! Look at my arm.”
Uncle Percival ignored her. “Now, as I was saying, Frank. I think there’s a big market in books – new books, ancient books, first editions, paperbacks, etcetera, etcetera. And I want to finance an Emporium. A huge shop for lovers of books. You and Fran are the experts. You can look after the stock and I’ll look after the business side. Fifty-fifty – profits split down the middle. How does that sound?”
Matilda’s mother and father were gob-smacked. They sat on the lounge, stunned. Her father finally managed to say, “That’s marvellous, Percy. Do you really mean it?”
“Wouldn’t say it if I didn’t mean it,” replied Uncle Percival. “Man of my word. And I’m not doing it just for you. I like making money. You have the know-how, I have the cash. We help each other. Never know, we may end up opening a chain – with franchises.” He looked up and pointed a hand to the ceiling. “I can see it now – ‘Furneaux’s For The Finest Fiction’. Shops in every big city, book lovers smiling, money rolling in. I’ll get onto it as soon as I get home.”
Aunt Prudence was weeping again. “You naughty dog. No din-dins for you tonight.”
“Oh, stop blathering,” said Uncle Percival. “We have to pack and get home so I can get started on this project. Frank and Fran, you can start by finding premises for the Emporium and ordering stock as soon as you like.” With that he stormed out of the room, dragging Aunt Prudence behind him.
Half an hour later Matilda and her parents were standing at the front door waving goodbye as their visitors’ car disappeared down the road.
“Wow!” said her father, hugging her mother. “Isn’t that absolutely wonderful?” he added, looking at Matilda.
“Yes, it’s magic,” replied Matilda with a grin.
That night they sat down to a meal of fresh fish and chips that some kind stranger had delivered to their doorstep.  

The Secret Code
When Matilda showed the message to the Wizard, he immediately recognised the code:
1. Reverse all of the vowels in the alphabet –
A    E    I    O    U become –
U    O    I    E    A

2. Next, reverse all of the remaining letters of the alphabet except for ‘Z’–
B   C   D   F   G   H   J   K   L   M   N   P   Q   R   S   T   V   W   X   Y
Y   X   W   V   T   S   R   Q   P   N   M   L   K   J   H   G   F   D   C   B

3. The letter ‘Z’ becomes the spacer between each word.

Now use the code to decipher Maximilian’s message to Matilda for yourself.  


STORY 3

MATILDA  AND NEPTUNE'S CHEST  


Chapter 1
Bullies

The bully leaned against the wall of the corridor outside the library door with a sneer on his pimply face. He was smiling to himself as he thought how clever he was to dream up the insult that would make his victim cringe with embarrassment. His two cronies, shorter and pudgier, slouched next to him, arms folded across their chests and superior smirks on their faces.
Matilda struggled through the library door, loaded down with borrowed books for her next project on astrology. She had to push the door with her shoulder and then hold it open with her foot as she squeezed through. She didn’t notice the bullies until she heard a voice from behind her.
“Book maggot. Word nerd,” shouted the bully, his voice filled with contempt. His two partners guffawed and scowled. But they didn’t expect the reply they got.
“Pea brain,” answered Matilda as she continued down the hallway.
The bully bounced off the wall and shoved her in the back so that her books flew out of her arms and she sprawled face down on the floor.
“Nobody talks to me like that,” he bellowed. “You’d better watch that tongue of yours or you’ll get worse than this.” And he kicked some of the books farther down the corridor.
Just then Ms Winterbottom came around the corner at the end of the hallway. She was the most feared teacher on the staff, with a temper like a tornado and a tongue to match. She took in the scene and advanced on the culprits.
“Norton!” she roared at the bully. “What’s going on here?”
“Nu-nu-nuthin’, Miss,” stammered Norton, pointing to Matilda. “She musta slipped on the floor.”
“Yeah,” added one of his mates, hoping to curry favour, “she was carryin’ too many books and she slipped.”
“Mm-m-m,” muttered Ms Winterbottom as she turned to Matilda who had climbed back onto her feet and was dusting down her uniform. “Is that true young lady?”
Matilda knew you must never dob others in to teachers, particularly bullies. It was an unwritten law in the school jungle because everybody believed that it only made things worse for the dobber. It was seen as a rite of passage in growing up and better to take it on the chin.
“Yes, Miss,” she replied. “I slipped on the polish.”
“It must have been a big slip to send the books that far down the corridor,” commented the teacher, not believing a word of it. “Well, don’t just stand there Norton,” she snarled. “Pretend you have some manners and help the poor girl pick up her books. Now!”
She stood there while the bully walked down the hallway picking up the books and handing them to Matilda.
“Thank you, Gerald,” Matilda said in her sweetest voice and with a smile on her face. Norton quietly growled.
“Now get back to your classes,” bellowed Ms Winterbottom, “and don’t let me see you near each other again or you’ll live to regret it.” With a swirl of her black skirt she pushed her way into the library as the antagonists headed off in different directions.
Matilda knew she would have to face up to the bullies again but, at the moment, she had other things on her mind.  


Chapter 2
Nightmares

Now that her parents were working full time at their bookshop, “Furneaux's Book Emporium”, which her Uncle Percival had set up for them, Matilda had the house to herself from the time she got home from school until her parents were finished for the day. They took her baby brother, Heironymous, with them to the bookshop.
Of course she had to help out by preparing the vegetables for dinner and setting the table but she still had plenty of time to herself. After dinner her parents were usually busy looking after the baby and  trying to keep up with reading the new books that had arrived so that they could speak to their customers with authority.
Matilda escaped to the privacy of her bedroom on the fourth floor of their rickety old “ghost” house. Here she could do her homework, read her books, relive her adventures so far with the Story Mat and dream of another adventure.
Lately, though, she had been having a problem. It began when she went to sleep at night. As she drifted into deep sleep she had a nightmare. It was almost the same every night and she woke up in the early hours of the morning in a lather of sweat. Unlike most dreams, she could remember every detail the next morning – and it was scary.
It began with the ocean. She watched as if it were a movie in front of her eyes. Slowly she sank beneath the water. She didn’t have any trouble breathing as the waters closed around her. Deeper and deeper she went until it was so dark that she couldn’t see anything, just feel the soft, warm water around her body. Suddenly a light appeared in the distance, shining like a torch through the water. It moved towards her or, rather, she seemed to be moving towards it.
She could hear a sound, a sort of moaning, as if someone was in pain. The noise became louder as she approached the light. At last she could see a cave in the side of a mountain under the sea. That was where the light was coming from. As she approached the cave she could see a figure inside. It was a man dressed in long, flowing white robes. He had a white beard and long white hair. In his hand he carried a three-pronged spear. He was moaning loudly and Matilda could make out the words – “Help me. Help me”.
As she moved closer to the cave Matilda saw that there were other people in the entrance to the cave. Several mermaids were attempting to calm the distressed old man but they were being interfered with by wraiths, ghost-like figures, dressed as pirates. They were trying to get to the old man and the mermaids were struggling to keep them away. When Matilda entered the cave they all turned to see her and, as they were all distracted, the pirate-wraiths grabbed hold of the old man. Then the light went out, everything turned black and that was the last thing Matilda saw. She shot to the top of ocean and burst through the surface, gasping for breath. And then she woke up.
She had no idea where the nightmare came from. She had read books about mermaids and pirates but she had never read anything like this. The really strange thing was that it was repeated every night – night after night. It was wearing her down so, after the fifth night, she decided to seek some help.
She couldn’t go to her parents. It would only confirm their opinion that she had a vivid imagination, especially after they had already put her description of her adventures on the Story Mat down to an inventive mind. They would ‘tut-tut’ and get on with their reading. No, there was only one place to go for an explanation – the attic and Maximilian.  


Chapter 3
The Keeper of the Attic

It was much easier to reach the attic with her parents working. For a start there was no need for Matilda to negotiate the shaky staircase to the top of the house by the light of a torch while her parents were asleep and blissfully ignorant of what she was doing. And the stairs were much more stable without the night winds rushing off the sea over the cliffs and shaking the old house on its foundations.
As soon as the school bus stopped below her house, Matilda rushed up the slope, through the front door, tossed her schoolbag into the lounge room and bounded up the stairs. She slowed down when she reached the fourth floor and, through habit, stepped gingerly up the final stairway, keeping a firm grip on the banister as the boards creaked dangerously below her feet. She finally arrived at the attic door.
Kneeling down, Matilda lifted the latch on the small door, swung it open and crawled through. Sunlight filtered through the small, dusty window giving the room a ghostly atmosphere as it shone through the cobwebs and over the ornate boxes that crowded the floor.
“Well, well, another visit from our little heroine,” came the sarcastic voice of the Keeper of the Attic from the speaker on the wall. “You could at least choose your time more appropriately. Unfortunately I’m in the middle of my dinner.” This was followed by a quiet burp.
“I’m terribly sorry,” said Matilda. “I didn’t realise spirits ate so early – or at all.”
“Don’t apologise,” The Keeper replied sharply. “Think! And anyway, I’m not a spirit. I’m a complete being from the mystic world.”
“I’m trying to be as polite as I can,” said a red-faced Matilda, “but you’re making it very difficult. Why do you always pick on me?”
“Pick, pick, pick? Why did you pick the most unsuitable time to arrive?” responded The Keeper, avoiding the question.
“Enough!” shouted Matilda, exasperated. “I don’t have to talk to you. I want to speak to Maximilian.”
“That’s just the point, isn’t it?” continued The Keeper. “Maximilian is dining as well. He can’t be interrupted, you silly girl.”
Matilda was near tears. This was getting out of control with this childish old man. She tried to calm down.
“You’re just jealous because Maximilian and I are such good friends,” she replied. “The last time I was here he threatened to sack you. Wait until I tell him what you’ve said this time.”
This shocked The Keeper. He knew who Maximilian would choose to believe, and it wasn’t him.
“Well . . . er . . . well,” he bumbled, changing his tone, “I didn’t really mean to be rude. That is  . . . um . . . nobody likes to be interrupted with an enquiry in the middle of a meal. I’m . . . er . . .  sorry if I was a little abrupt. Mm . . .please accept my apology.” It obviously hurt him to squeeze out the words.
“Very well. I do accept your apology,” agreed Matilda, although she was still a little angry with the Keeper. “Now, I’m sorry to interrupt his meal but I need to speak to Maximilian on an important matter. Can you arrange that?”
“I’ll just get onto the communication channel,” said the Keeper. “Please wait until I see if he’s available.”
Everything went quiet.  


Chapter 4
Maximilian

There was a flash of light and a cloud of smoke as Maximilian appeared in the room. He was dressed in his long purple robe with its golden patterns and the purple fez on his head, but he had a huge bib spotted with sauce stains around his neck.
“Ah, my little one,” he sighed as he wiped his mouth with a large napkin. “You chose a strange time to call me this time.”
“That’s what The Keeper said . . . but not so nicely,” said Matilda.
“I said I was sorry,” whispered The Keeper.
“I’ll talk to you later,” Maximilian growled at the speaker on the wall. “Now, my special gem, how can I help you?”
Matilda proceeded to tell Maximilian about her nightmares. When she had finished, she looked up to see Maximilian frowning.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, dreading bad news.
“This is a new and amazing development,” replied Maximilian. “It seems that news of your bravery has spread throughout the mystic world and spirits are sending you messages to seek your help.”
“How? Why?” enquired Matilda.
“One question at a time, my plucky little jewel. Firstly, how? You are being contacted through your dreams. It is easier for the spirits to enter your mind when you are asleep. Why? Somebody needs your help to solve a problem they are having. You should be very proud.”
“Someone has been abducted by pirate ghosts? An old man in a cave under the sea?” asked Matilda, incredulous.
“No,no,” laughed Maximilian. “You are being shown the worst possibility. What you saw in your dream has not happened . . . yet. Whoever is contacting you wants your help to avoid it happening.”
“Who is it? Who needs my help?” Matilda pleaded, trying to understand what was happening.
“Well now,” answered Maximilian, “you will be surprised. He is a very important person in mythology. The old man you see in your dream is the Greek god, Poseidon, also known in Roman times as Neptune, god of the sea and earthquakes.”
“Why would a god need my help? Surely he is powerful enough to solve his own problems,” said Matilda.
“Well said, my dear,” said Maximilian, nodding and smiling. “But times have changed. Over the millennia the powers of these gods in the mystic world have diminished. Moreover, they have created strong enemies from their deeds when they were all-powerful. Those enemies are coming back to attack them. We all suffer from our past errors and the gods are no different.”
“How can I be expected to help?” Matilda continued to fire the questions at Maximilian.
“I’m afraid I can’t answer that,” responded Maximilian. “You’ll have to meet Neptune himself to find out. Obviously he believes you can help, or he wouldn’t have sent the spirits to contact you.”
“The Story Mat again?” smiled Matilda.
“Huh-huh,” said Maximilian, nodding his head. “And your favourite fairy, Peri – if you choose to help Neptune.”
“Where is Peri?” asked Matilda.
“Finishing dinner,” explained Maximilian with a laugh. “As you know, she has a small appetite but she likes to take her time.”  


Chapter 5
Mapping Out A Plan

“Of course I want to help,” declared Matilda.
“I knew you would, my treasure,” said Maximilian. “Now we have to discuss arrangements to ensure your safety. From what you have told me about your dream, this adventure will be extremely dangerous and you will need extra help. My very own magic elf has particularly asked if he could go with you on your next adventure. He has a special power, that I’m sure will come in handy when events become difficult. I think it would be helpful if he went with you.”
With that Maximilian clicked his fingers and an elf, nearly as tall as Matilda, appeared beside him. He was dressed nattily in a turban, kaftan and slippers, all golden. He bowed low and swept his hand across his waist.
“Pleased to meet you Matilda,” he said in the sweetest voice Matilda had ever heard. “I’ve been told so much about you that I feel privileged to be able to serve you.”
“Husan is a bit of a smoothie,” said Maximilian. “But he has some useful talents.”
“I hope I can live up to what you’ve heard about me, Husan,” replied Matilda.
“I know you will,” stated the elf.
Suddenly Peri, the little magic fairy, appeared on Maximilian’s other shoulder. Her little arms folded across her chest and, with a scowl on her face, she did not look pleased.
“What’s going on here?” she frumped. “Why wasn’t I told about this meeting? And what’s he doing here?” She pointed at Husan.
“Now, now, Peri,” said Maximilian, gently, “this is not a good start. You will have to put your feelings about Husan to one side if you are to help Matilda this time. And I believe that you will need his extra talents if you are to survive,” he continued, patting the fairy on the head. “I was going to call you as soon as I found out what was worrying our friend.”
“Hmmf,” Peri responded. Then, smiling, she looked down at Matilda. “Hi,” she said with a wave of her hand.
“Hello, Peri,” replied Matilda. “It’s so good to see you again.” She motioned with her hand and the little fairy flew across to land gently on her shoulder. Matilda reached up and stroked  her head. While this was going on, Husan watched with his hands on his hips, and a strange smile on his face.
“If that’s been settled,” said Maximilian, looking at both Husan and Peri, “we can get on with a plan of attack.”
Quickly explaining Matilda’s problem to both the elf and the fairy, he then clicked his fingers. A scroll appeared in his hands. “Every plan needs a map,” he grinned.
“As you probably know, Neptune lives under the ocean. He is the god of the sea and can also create earthquakes – a sort of sideline.” The map unrolled in front of him. “Here is his cave,” he explained, pointing to a mountain beneath the sea marked with a red cross. “I think that is the cave in your dream, Matilda, and would be a good place to start. You have to speak to Neptune to find out what is going on. From there it is anybody’s guess where it will lead. However, once you discover what you need to do, this map will prove to be invaluable. It has magic qualities that you can use when you are under the sea. And it’s waterproof,” he laughed. “Just ask it a question and, if it knows the answer, it will give it to you. Make sure that you never let this scroll out of your sight. In the wrong hands it could be disastrous.”
Matilda looked down at the map. It showed a vast area of the sea bed with all of its mountains and valleys, as well as the depths of the water. It was quite beautiful. There were several golden dots sprinkled around the map but nothing to explain what they meant.
“What are those golden dots for?” she asked.
“They are important places you may need to refer to as a guide during your journey. Watch,” explained Maximilian, placing his fingertips on one golden spot and gently rubbing it.
As Matilda looked on, the map disappeared and was replaced by a moving picture. It showed a group of mermaids playing a game with a silver ball. They were obviously enjoying themselves as they frolicked and laughed, passing the ball to each other. Maximilian rubbed the scroll again and the picture disappeared.
“You will be able to communicate with anybody in the pictures if you need help,” added Maximilian. “Remember that, once you are under the sea, the map will also help you by answering your questions. Simply wave your hands over the scroll and ask what you will. Are you ready for another adventure, my princess?”
“As ready as I can be,” replied Matilda, “with my trusty friend, Peri.”
“Don’t forget me,” shouted Husan jumping through the air to her side.
“How could anybody forget you,” grumbled Peri.
“I can see we’re going to have to work on team-building here,” said Matilda, smiling at Maximilian.
“I’m sure you’ll cope,” he replied, patting her on the head. “Now for the final piece of equipment.” He snapped his fingers and the Story Mat appeared before him. He handed it to Matilda. “As before, earth-time will stand still while you are away and your parents will not be aware that you have left home. Be safe my little one and I await your return.”
With that, Maximilian faded away.
Matilda turned her head to look at her two little helpers on her shoulders. “Well, it’s just you and me now,” she stated. “Let’s find out what this is all about.”
“I’ll see you whenever you need me,” said Peri as she disappeared in a flicker of light.
“Unfortunately I can’t do that disappearing stunt,” said Husan. “I’m afraid you’re going to have to put up with my good looks full time.”
“Mm-mm,” muttered Matilda. It looked like the elf had a big ego that she would have to cope with as well. Picking up the Story Mat and the scroll, she headed downstairs to her bedroom.  


Chapter 6
The Adventure Begins

Matilda decided that now was as good a time as any to be on their way. Her parents were still at their bookshop, not that it mattered anyway as time stood still while she was away and they would never miss her. But the truth was that she was eager to begin the adventure and she had a niggling feeling that time was running out for Neptune. He needed her help now.
After she had unrolled the Story Mat on the floor, she was joined by Husan as she sat down on it and placed the scroll on the golden sun at its centre. Then she folded her arms across her chest, told Husan to hang on tight, and closed her eyes.
WHOOSH! The Story Mat took off, passed right through the walls of the house and shot out into space.
“Wow!” yelled Husan. “This is great!” Flashing coloured lights whistled past them as they sped along a bright tunnel.
At last Matilda felt the Story Mat slowing down until it finally landed with a gentle bump. She opened her eyes to see that they had landed on a sandy beach. When she hopped off the Story Mat and looked around, she saw that they were actually on a small island no bigger than a football field, with a single palm tree. They were surrounded by sparkling, clear, turquoise water and there was no other land in sight. The Story Mat silently rolled up and disappeared.
“Peri,” Matilda whispered, and the little fairy appeared on her shoulder. “What do we do now?”
“Just wait, I suppose,” replied Peri.
“It looks pretty lonely,” Husan commented. “I hope we don’t get stuck here.”
As he spoke, the water near the island began to bubble and swirl. Suddenly a golden chariot burst through the surface. It was pulled by six dolphins in two rows of three, with a huge Orca in front. In the chariot stood the old man Matilda had seen in her dreams. He was holding a three-pronged spear.
“Welcome,” wheezed the old man as the chariot moved towards the island. “We have been anxiously awaiting your arrival.”
‘It’s good to know we’ve come to the right place,” Matilda responded with a sigh of relief. “You must be Neptune. I’m Matilda, and,” pointing to the fairy and elf,” these are Peri and Husan.”
“Oh, I know who you are,” said Neptune. “My faithful Communicator has kept me in touch with developments.” He pointed to the Orca leading the dolphins. “May I introduce Odon, the Killer Whale. He is the one responsible for you being here.” The Orca winked at Matilda.
“Pleased to meet you,” replied Matilda.
“Odon convinced me that you would be able to help me with my . . . er . . . problem,” Neptune informed them. “He heard of your bravery in Laboria from his relations in that area. It was certainly a nasty business from what I have been told.”
“All’s well that ends well,” said Matilda, feeling a little embarrassed. “Now what can we do to assist you with your problem?”
“It would be best if we discussed this in private. If you would like to hop into my chariot, I’ll take you to my palace under the sea.”
“Er . . . there’s one small difficulty,” stated Matilda. “We humans can’t breathe under water. I’d drown down there before you could tell me anything.”
“Oh no,” laughed Neptune. “I wouldn’t want that to happen. But I’m sure your little friend there can make suitable arrangements.” And he pointed at Peri with his trident.
Matilda looked at her tiny friend on her shoulder. “Can you do that?”
“Simple,” replied Peri, and she waved her wand. “Feel your neck,” she added.
Matilda rubbed her hand down the side of her neck. She felt a series of small slits. She rubbed the other side and found similar slits.
“Those are your very own gills,” Peri informed her. “You are now an official Amphibian.”
“What about me?” asked Husan.
“I suppose so,” said Peri with a scowl. “We may need you, although I doubt it.” She waved her wand and little gills appeared on Husan’s neck too.
“I’ll just fix myself up,” said Peri, waving her wand again, “and we’ll be ready to go.”  


Chapter 7
Neptune’s Palace

Matilda waded out to the chariot, with Peri on her shoulder. She and Husan climbed in and seated themselves beside Neptune who was holding a set of silver reins. When he shook them, Odon reared out of the water and pulled the chariot out to deeper water before plunging down under the sea. Matilda felt the little fairy grab hold of her hair and Husan clutch her arm as the water rushed over them and they dived to the depths below.
Deeper and deeper they went until the sunlight from above disappeared and they were surrounded by darkness. Neptune reached forward and turned on a large lamp attached to the front of the chariot. It pierced the darkness as the dolphins, led by Odon, took them towards a mountain in the distance. They could see more lights around an opening in the side of the mountain. It was the same as Matilda had seen in her dream.
At last the chariot stopped in front of the opening and Matilda could see that it led into a huge cave within the mountain. It was brightly lit and, standing guard outside the entrance, were at least twenty Mermen. They each held a trident, and stood stiffly to attention as Neptune climbed down from the chariot.
“My loyal sentries,” he explained to Matilda. “And they are badly needed in these dangerous times. But more of that later.”
He walked through the entrance to the cave where Mermaids were swimming around, resting or talking in small groups. They waved happily as Neptune and Matilda walked by.
“My devoted handmaidens,” continued Neptune. “They look after my every need. I could not survive without them.”
“I don’t care who he is, he wouldn’t get me being his slave,” Peri whispered into Matilda’s ear.
“Keep your opinions to yourself,” muttered Husan.
“Shoosh, both of you,” Matilda said softly. “You can worry about who does what later. Right now we have to find out what’s going on.” She could not believe that she was walking around underwater and breathing through her new gills.
Neptune stepped up to what appeared to be a clear plastic wall. Matilda could see through it to a large foyer with passages leading off in all directions. She watched as Neptune paused at the wall, then walked straight through it. He signalled to her to follow. Placing her hands on the clear wall that felt like jelly, she closed her eyes and stepped forward. Suddenly she was no longer surrounded by water but was breathing fresh air. She was an amphibian. And she also noticed that their clothes were instantly dry.
“Osmosis is a wonderful thing,” smiled Neptune. “We simply pass through the wall and no water is allowed inside. Welcome to my palace.”
The three friends looked around in wonderment. The walls of the foyer were turquoise glass giving the whole space a cool feeling. Behind the glass all sorts of tropical fish swam lazily amongst coral and kelp. The colours were magnificent.
“Follow me,” instructed Neptune as he moved towards one of the many passages. The glass walls continued as they moved deeper inside the cave. The end of the passage opened into a vast room with a towering ceiling, lit by shining domes set in the roof. A silver throne was set against the far wall with a purple carpet leading to it. There were deep blue settees lined around the other three walls and Neptune led Matilda across to one.
“We can discuss my problem here,” he informed the three friends, “without being interrupted.”  
 

Chapter 8
Neptune’s Problem

“The first thing you must know,” Neptune informed them, “is that I have many powerful enemies, not all of my own making. Some wish revenge for things they believe I have done to hurt them in the past, others have seen the chance to attack me as my powers disappear. It now seems that they have joined forces to destroy me.”
“Who are these people?” asked Matilda.
“A mixture of the old gods of mythology and spirits they have released to help them in their cause. The gods have used the greed of the spirits to draw them into their conspiracy. Their aim is to strip me of any powers that remain, take all of my possessions, and cast me into the mystic world to float around, helpless, for eternity.”
“Wow, you must have done some terrible things to them,” interrupted Husan.
“Not so,” continued Neptune. “Everything that happened was the result of their own actions. I simply struck back when they attacked me and my family. They set the conflict in motion and I reacted the only way I could.”
“Tell us the whole story,” Matilda requested, “so that we understand what happened.”
“Very well, I shall make it as brief as I can,” replied Neptune. “It all goes back to the golden days of Greek mythology, when I was known as Poseidon, god of the oceans and earthquakes. I had a son, Cyclops, he of one eye, who lived on an island. When the mortal Odysseus was returning from the Trojan War and stopped at the island, Cyclops captured him and his soldiers. He had them trapped in his cave and guarded the entrance so that they could not escape. However, Odysseus blinded Cyclops with a sharpened stick and escaped. I was angry that my son had been blinded so I stirred up the seas and Odysseus became marooned on an island, supposedly for the rest of his life. This was not to be as the god of gods, Zeus, intervened, sending a messenger to have him released from the island. As Odysseus sailed home on a raft, I heard of his escape and, once again, stirred up the seas so that his raft was wrecked. Little did I know that the gods intervened again and he did not drown. He was finally taken in by the gods and survives today in the mystic world, carrying his hatred of me with him. Now that he has learnt that my powers are diminished, he has surrounded himself with my enemies to exact his revenge.”
“But you said that Odysseus was a mortal human being. How can he possibly have more power than you?” asked Matilda.
“He is a favourite of Zeus, the god of gods. Zeus has seen fit to support Odysseus in his quest to destroy me. He has given Odysseus access to the spirit world.”
“What does that mean?” asked Husan. “The spirit world is only made up of harmless ghosts.”
“Not so harmless, my little friend,” answered Neptune. “They have powers that I cannot control and, more importantly, they have good reason to help crush me. As god of the seas and oceans I have been able to gather all of the treasures from ships that have been wrecked over the millennia. Those treasures have been stored in a huge chest and hidden away in a secret place. I am the only one who knows where the chest is concealed. Odysseus has called upon the ghosts of pirates past to capture me and force me to reveal my secret. The pirate spirits will have their treasure and the gods will destroy me”
“That’s what I saw in my dream,” interrupted Matilda. “There were ghosts dressed as pirates trying to grab you. But why would ghosts want your treasures? It’s not as if they would be able to use the wealth.”
“You are right, of course,” explained Neptune. “It is not a matter of wealth for them, it is a matter of principle. They see themselves as the rightful owners of the treasures. They believe that they lost their lives gathering much of what the chest contains and, so, it is justly theirs.”
“Why have the gods and Odysseus waited so long to seek their revenge?” asked Matilda.
“They have been very patient, waiting until my powers have diminished. In the past they have worried about the havoc I could cause to their world with my full powers. Now they sense that I am all but defenceless,” replied Neptune. “That is why Odon, my faithful Communicator, sought your help. We have to fight the greed of the pirate spirits and the wrongful revenge of Odysseus and the old gods if balance in the mystic world is to be maintained. Will you help me?”
Matilda looked at both Peri and Husan, who nodded. “Of course we will,” she replied.  


Chapter 9
Settling In

“Excellent,” responded Neptune. “Now I’ll show you to your quarters so you can freshen up before dinner.”
He stood and walked back out into the passageway. Matilda followed behind with Peri on her shoulder. Husan trailed behind. When they reached the foyer Neptune turned down another passage which opened into an even larger space with doors around its walls. He waved his hand in front of the door and, as it slid open, ushered them inside.
“The automatic doors will make it simple for the little one going in and out,” he said, smiling at Peri. “I trust you’ll be happy here.”
Matilda looked around to see a very comfortable room with a large bed, couches, cupboards and a beautiful bathroom. Once again, the walls were turquoise glass. “This is wonderful thank you,” she replied.
“If you need anything just ring the bell beside your bed,” Neptune informed them. “I’ll let you know when dinner is ready.”
“Hmm-m-m,” coughed Husan. “Would it be possible for me to have my own room? You know, for some privacy?” he added, blushing.
“That’s a great idea,” Peri shouted, wanting to be separated from the elf as much as possible and have Matilda to herself.
“Yes, of course,” replied Neptune, “how thoughtless of me. You can have the room next door.”
“Thanks,” said Husan, leaping to the door. “Show me the way.”
With a smile at Matilda, Neptune left with the elf, closing the door behind him.
Once they were on their own Matilda looked around the room and said, “Well, this is nice. Now, Peri, what do you think?” She had complete faith in the little fairy’s judgement.
“Well . . . ,” replied Peri thoughtfully, “Neptune certainly needs help but there are a couple of things that still worry me.”
“Such as?” queried Matilda.
“Why is this all happening now? Why hasn’t Odysseus challenged Neptune before? They certainly have had it in for each other for a long time. And why hasn’t Zeus, the god of Greek gods, stepped in? He is supposed to be all-powerful and could obviously settle the whole mess in an instant. Where is he?”
“Mm-m-m,” pondered Matilda, “that’s true. But we can’t just sit by and watch these pirate spirits have their own way.”
“I agree,” said Peri. “I can deal with them once they show their hand but I believe that Neptune needs to settle his feud with Odysseus on his own. I can’t see how we can help with that. I suggest that we wait to see what happens and then make up our minds on what we need to do.”
“Good thinking,” stated Matilda. “We’ll talk more to Neptune at dinner. Which reminds me -
I feel really hungry. By the way,” she added, “what special power does Husan have that Maximilian thought could help us?”
“Humph,” growled Peri, “I really don’t know why Maximilian sent him with us. He’s a pain in the neck. He thinks he’s perfect in every way but he’s pretty useless.”
Matilda wanted to tell Peri that her dislike of Husan would not help them but she didn’t wish to upset her little friend, so she said, “Yes, but what can he do?”
“He is telepathic,” Peri told her with a sigh. “He can talk to any creature, human or animal, by sending mind messages.  I suppose it might come in handy. ”
“We’ll see,” said Matilda. “Now let’s get washed up for dinner.”  


Chapter 10
The Friendly Spy

Meanwhile, in his own room, Husan had jumped up onto the large bed and was lying back against the pillows with his eyes closed. In fact he wasn’t relaxing, he was sending a message to a friend who had been waiting anxiously to hear from him.
“As you are aware, I have arrived,” he sent his thoughts out. “I am inside Neptune’s cave with the girl and that annoying fairy. It was really very easy. Maximilian didn’t even question my request to help the girl on her next adventure. Of course he didn’t realise that I knew what that next adventure would be.”
“Well done,” his friend replied through his mind. “And don’t worry about that troublesome fairy. She won’t be around for much longer.”
“Good,” thought Husan with a smile. “Make sure she suffers.”
“All taken care of,” answered the friend. “You just remember your own role. The first part of our plan has already begun.”
“Excellent,” thought Husan. “I know exactly what I need to do and I’ll keep in touch so that you know how everybody here is reacting. I’ll know more after we have dinner with Neptune.”
“We couldn’t do with out you,” stated the friend. “Call me again as soon as you know anything. And enjoy your dinner. It might be a long time between meals.”
“Then it’s handy that we sprites don’t eat much,” Husan laughed. “Good luck my friend. Goodbye for the present.”
Husan opened his eyes and smiled to himself. He hadn’t been able to communicate with his friend on their arrival on the island. Things were too busy when Neptune appeared with his chariot. They both had to wait patiently until he was on his own.
Odon, too, smiled as he swam back to his cave. So far, so good. With his own spy in Neptune’s cave he would have the upper hand as the plan went into operation.


Chapter 11
Dinner With Neptune

The voice came from a speaker on the wall of their bedroom. “Dinner is ready. Please proceed to the main foyer where you will be guided to the dining-room.”
“That’s us,” said Matilda, “and not a minute too soon.”
Peri flew across to her shoulder. “I hope they have something other than seafood on the menu,” she declared. “I don’t eat much, but I am fussy about what I eat. Vegetarian for me.”
“I’m sure they’ll have thought of that,” stated Matilda as she opened the door. “Let’s go.”
They stopped outside Husan’s room and knocked on the door. “Dinner time,” shouted Matilda, and the elf appeared. With a little jump, he landed beside her.
“Could I have called you by telepathy?” asked Matilda as she walked down the passageway.
“I’m afraid not,” Husan informed her. “The messages only go one way. From me to whoever. Once I contact you then you can speak to me. Sorry about that.”
“Oh,” said Matilda. “That’s unfortunate. So you will need to keep in touch if we ever get separated. You’ll be sure to do that won’t you?”
“Of course,” replied Husan with a grin. “I am here to serve only you.”
By this time they had reached the foyer and were greeted by a large Walking Fish. “Follow me,” said the fish as it moved down another corridor on its tiny legs.
They arrived at a small room set out with tables and chairs. Neptune was already sitting at one end.
“Ah,” he greeted them, “my friends. I hope you have settled in well.”
“Very well,” answered Matilda as she sat down. Several other Walking Fish appeared from a door in the wall, carrying platters containing a range of dishes. There were oysters, abalone, caviar, scallops and clams, all prepared in different ways.
“You’ll notice that we only eat shellfish,” Neptune informed them. “The other sea animals would be . . . er . . . naturally upset if we ate them.” He glanced at the Walking Fish. “I hope you enjoy what the chefs have cooked for you.” He pointed to a steaming plate piled high with what looked like seaweed. “That’s sea spinach, for our vegetarian friend. Very tasty.”
“Thank you,” said Peri. “How did you know?”
“We have our ways,” replied Neptune, mysteriously. “And you’ll notice the small spoon we have put out especially for you.” He smiled, as Peri picked up the tiniest silver spoon.
“I could eat a whale,” commented Matilda as she filled her dish with clam chowder..
“Our whales wouldn’t be happy to hear that,” laughed Neptune. “Now, while we eat, what do you think you can do to help me?”
“We have discussed that,” said Matilda through a mouthful of clam soup, “and there doesn’t seem to be much we can do until the other side makes a move. Once they do, we have Peri and her magic wand that should keep them busy and, of course, Husan can use his telepathy to keep everybody informed about what is going on. That’s about it for the moment. In the long run we have to make sure that the pirate spirits are utterly defeated so that they can never worry you again.
As for Odysseus, I’m afraid you’ll have to sort him out and come to some arrangement with him about his grievances to stop this nonsense.”
“I don’t know whether that will be possible,” Neptune informed them. “Odysseus is filled with rage and I don’t believe he will accept a compromise. But, be that as it may, we’ll see what can be done once the pirates have been defeated. I will be eternally grateful if you can make that happen.”
“Do you know anything about what the pirate spirits plan to do?” asked Matilda.
“I’m afraid not,” replied Neptune, turning his hands out in helplessness. “I only know that I received a message from Odysseus saying that he would destroy me for what I had done and then a second message was sent with one of my Mermen from the pirate spirits demanding to know where the chest is kept or suffer the consequences. I realised that I would probably be no match for the pirates and that was when Odon suggested that I contact you.”
“We’ll deal with the pirates when we meet them,” declared Matilda.
“I just hope it’s that simple,” commented Neptune, sadly.
“We'll need to look around outside first thing in the morning to familiarise ourselves with the area,” stated Matilda. “Do you have any means of transport? I’m a pretty slow swimmer.”
“Yes, of course,” answered Neptune. “There are jet-powered sea scooters in a room off the foyer. I’ll show them to you as soon as we finish our meal. Now let’s enjoy the food. You must let me know what you think of our special coconut juice from the nearby islands.”  


Chapter 12
The First Encounter

Matilda had a restless night’s sleep as she tossed and turned, thinking about what she could possibly do to help Neptune against such a powerful enemy. She was determined to save him but to say her mind had its doubts was putting it mildly. She finally dropped off into a troubled sleep.
When she awoke, she quickly dressed and shook Peri who was sleeping soundly in the drawer of the bedside table.
“Wakey, wakey,” she said to the little fairy, “we have a busy morning ahead of us.”
Peri gave a big yawn and stretched her arms. “I was having such a beautiful dream,” she said. “We were in an oasis in the desert, with a cool breeze, waving palm trees and crystal-clear water. There were belly-dancers, a roaring fire, delicious food and we were having a wonderful time – until you woke me up.”
‘I’m sorry about that,” Matilda apologised, “but we are a long way from any desert and we have other things to do if we want to survive this challenge. Now let’s go and collect Husan.”
Picking up her magic wand, Peri flew onto Matilda’s shoulder. They walked outside and knocked on the door of Husan’s room. There was no response.
“Now where would he have gone?” pondered Matilda. “He knew we were going to explore with the sea scooter this morning.”
“Maybe he’s been scared off by what he heard last night and has gone back home,” offered Peri, with more than a touch of hope.
“He can’t get home without the Story Mat,” stated Matilda. “He must be around here somewhere.”
Just as she said that, Husan came around a corner. “Hi,” he said with a grin on his face.
“Where have you been?” asked Matilda, sharply.
“Don’t get your knickers in a knot,” replied Husan, cheekily. “I just went for an early morning walk. We sprites have to keep fit you know.”
“Well, in future please let us know what you are up to so we don’t have to worry,” stated Matilda with a scowl.
“Whatever you say, boss,” replied Husan as Matilda began walking to the dining room.
After a quick breakfast of fresh scallops and the delicious coconut juice, they proceeded to the foyer to collect a sea scooter. Neptune had arranged for two Mermen to accompany them and they were already outside the cave with the sea scooters. Matilda walked through the protective wall and joined them. The sea scooter was simple to operate and, after a few lessons, Matilda had the gist of it and, with Peri hanging onto her hair, was finally doing twists and turns like a professional. Husan proved to be just as good on his sea scooter. They both wore flippers to help them through the water.
With the lessons over, they set off on their journey of exploration. The scenery was spectacular, with huge mountains poking up towards the surface and grand canyons plunging to the depths below. All sorts of sea-life could be seen swimming around the mountain tops and swirling in silvery schools through the dark green water. Above, in the shoals, tropical fish of myriad colours darted here and there in the coral. Matilda became so enchanted with the sights that she began to leave Husan and her Mermen escort behind as she twisted and turned the sea scooter through the shallows and the coral reefs.
“Whoopee!” she screamed as the sea-scooter swooped downwards. Peri hung on for dear life as the water rushed past.
“Take it easy,” Peri shouted in her ear. “Don’t forget I’m here as well. You nearly lost me that time.”
Without warning Husan appeared in front of her. He was travelling much faster than they were and began to lead them down into the darker waters beneath. Matilda and the Mermen followed him.
Matilda slowed down and levelled out. They were now cruising through a chasm between two mountains, one of which was spouting steam from its top. The space between them was shadowed by their walls. Matilda felt butterflies begin to flutter in her stomach and she slowed the sea scooter to a crawl. She couldn’t understand why but she felt scared and looked around to find the Mermen. They were only a little way behind. Matilda let out a sigh.
Suddenly she felt herself being wrenched sideways. Her hands were ripped off the sea scooter and she was lifted upwards. When she managed to turn her head, she found herself staring into the huge eye of a Giant Squid. The enormous animal had wrapped one of its tentacles around her body and pulled her towards its ugly beak. Worse still, the Giant squid held Peri in another of its tentacles and had snatched her magic wand from her hand.
The Mermen were also taken by surprise when the squid pounced from its hiding-place in a cavity in the mountain’s side. By the time they realised what was happening the squid had disarmed them with two of his tentacles and thrown their tridents away. They were defenceless and could only watch as both Peri and Matilda were lifted towards its horrible beak.
Matilda was terrified and truly believed that this was the end for both of them. She turned away from the beak and was surprised to see Husan on his sea scooter a little way off and out of the squid’s reach.
“That’s right, look after yourself. I wouldn’t expect anything else,” she thought sadly as she surrendered to her fate and turned back to look straight into the squid’s ugly eye.
To her surprise, she heard the Giant Squid speaking to her. “Go home,” it said in a deep voice that scared her down to her flippers. “You are not welcome here. Take this as your first and last warning.” With that the squid released both of them but still held onto the magic wand. It let out a squirt of black ink that clouded the whole area and, by the time the water had cleared, it had disappeared.
Matilda felt sick. She had been certain that she and Peri were going to be eaten. The relief in being set free flooded her mind and she reached out to hug Peri. They were both sobbing loudly.
“My wand! My magic wand! I’ve lost it again!” wailed Peri, remembering her wand dropping into the forest when the eagle picked them up during their adventure in Laboria. “What will we do? We’ll never get it back.” She continued to sob on Matilda’s shoulder.
Husan appeared beside them. “Wow,” he exclaimed, “that was close.”
Matilda was scared and angry, and she let loose on the little sprite. “Close?CLOSE!” she shouted at him. “You weren’t anywhere near the squid, you coward. You weren’t looking into its evil eye. You weren’t hanging from one of its tentacles. And you didn’t have to look at that huge beak. No, you just swam around and watched from a distance.”
“Whoa! Whoa!” replied Husan., placing both hands in front of him as if to ward her off. “What did you expect me to do? Even the Mermen couldn’t do anything. We were no match for the Giant Squid. Anyway, it gave me a chance to send for help.”
“What?” said Matilda, feeling a little guilty about taking out her anger on him. After all what he said made some sense. It was no use all of them being taken by the squid.
    “I sent a message to Neptune – by telepathy.” Husan informed her. “I told him what was happening and asked him to send more of his Mermen to help. They should be on their way now.”
“Maximilian was right,” said Matilda, wanting to make up for her earlier outburst. “He said you had powers that would be helpful and now you’ve proved it. I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings.”
“No problem,” replied Husan, but still looking hurt.
Luckily Matilda’s sea-scooters was still floating nearby. She gave Peri a cuddle before putting her back on her shoulder as Husan brought his sea-scooter up beside her.
“We’ll meet the Mermen on the way,” she said. “We’d better get back to Neptune and rethink our plans.” The Mermen took hold of their sea-scooters and joined them as they turned around and headed out of the canyon.  


Chapter 13
A Chance To Help

They hadn’t travelled very far towards Neptune’s cave when they saw a group of about twenty Mermen in the distance, heading their way. Matilda stopped her sea scooter until they had reached her. The leading Merman pulled up beside her. He looked very fit and looked as if he meant business.
“My name is Cassius,” he informed her. “I am the captain of Neptune’s guards. What has happened?”
Matilda explained how they had been ambushed by the Giant Squid and how it had taken Peri’s magic wand. “There isn’t anything you and your men can do now,” she stated. “We’ll have to figure out some way to get the wand back but, for the moment, we should get back to protect Neptune.”
“I agree,” said Cassius. “You are very fortunate that the squid didn’t kill you. I apologise for my guards not protecting you. I’ll speak to them later.”
“You mustn’t punish them,” insisted Matilda. “There was nothing they could do after the squid disarmed them. Even with their tridents it would have been impossible to overcome it.”
“Very well,” agreed Cassius.” You are very kind. Now let us return.” With that, he signalled to his men and the sea scooters began to move off in a convoy.
They were travelling quickly towards Neptune’s cave when they heard loud noises coming through the water, strange sounds, as if some animal was in distress. The wailing continued and became even louder. Cassius held up his hand and the convoy stopped.
“That’s the sound of a whale and its calf,” he informed Matilda. “Something is wrong. You stay here while we investigate.”
“No,” replied Matilda. “I want to come with you.”
“Very well,” said Cassius, “but stay behind me.”
With that he steered his sea scooter towards the surface. The other Mermen surrounded Matilda and followed him.
It soon became clear what the problem was. Just below the surface of the ocean they could see a mother whale with its calf being attacked by four Killer Whales. They were trying to separate the mother from her calf. Matilda saw that the mother and calf were becoming tired from the constant attacks and the Killer Whales were gradually separating them.
“Once they have the calf away from its mother they will kill it,” explained Cassius. “It’s cruel but it’s the law of the sea.”
“Can’t we help them?” asked Matilda, with tears in her eyes.
“Possibly,” stated Cassius, “but it would only be interfering with what is natural throughout the ocean. Nature can be cruel at times.”
“We have to help,” insisted Matilda. “Give me a trident.”
“Brave but ill-advised,” said Cassius sternly. “However, if you really wish to save the whales I am at your command.”
“Can you do it without endangering yourself?” asked Matilda.
“I believe so,” said Cassius. “I have fought Killer Whales before.”
“Then, please, try to save them,” implored Matilda.
Cassius signalled to four of his Mermen who guided their sea scooter over to him. After a brief discussion, the four guards moved in twos to each side of the Killer Whales as they dodged in and out, pestering the mother whale. Cassius steered his scooter straight up towards the surface.
The Killer Whales suddenly sensed his presence and turned to attack him. Although they were fast, they were no match for the skill and speed with which Cassius operated his sea scooter. As they dived at him, mouths agape to show their terrible teeth, he twisted and turned out of their way. The killers had been drawn away from the mother whale and its calf, and it was their turn to become tired as they were frustrated by Cassius. When they had slowed down in their attack, the other four Mermen shot in from each side, their tridents pointed out in front. Each of them selected a Killer Whale to charge, prodding them with their tridents and forcing them backwards. At last, sore and exhausted, the Killer Whales retreated into the distance, leaving the mother whale and its calf to continue their long journey to the distant feeding grounds.
“Cassius, you were absolutely wonderful!” shouted Matilda as the Merman pulled his sea scooter up beside her. She leaned over and gave him a big hug. Cassius blushed.
“Now can we continue on our journey home?” he asked.
“At your command!” said Matilda with a smile.  


Chapter 14
Disaster

When the convoy finally reached Neptune’s Cave they met by a terrible scene. The Mermaids rushed out to meet them, sobbing hysterically and waving their arms in the air.
“Neptune!” they shouted. “They’ve taken him.”
Cassius grabbed one of them, telling her to calm down. “Who has taken him?” he asked.
“The pirate spirits,” she explained. “They came here as soon as you had left. They must have waited until we were unprotected. They broke into the cave and took Neptune away. There was nothing we could do. We tried, we really did, but it was no use.”
Matilda had a flashback of her dream and felt a sense of helplessness. She had failed before she had even started. Here they were now, without any magic to back them up, and the person they had sworn to protect captured by the enemy.
Cassius was white in the face from shock. “We have to get our master back,” he declared.
“But how?” asked Matilda. “We don’t know where they’ve taken him. And now we don’t even have Peri’s magic to help us. The pirates have covered everything. It’s almost as if they know everything about us.”
As she said this a feeling ticked over in Matilda’s mind. She needed to remember something that Neptune had said but, at the moment, her mind was too busy to concentrate.
“I can’t sit here doing nothing,” stated Cassius. “We must think of something.”
“Let me give it some thought,” said Matilda. “I’ll meet with you in an hour so we can decide what to do.”
Followed by Husan, she walked through the protective wall and headed for her room. She needed some time to sort out her thoughts. Peri was still in a state of shock and cuddled up to Matilda’s neck as they went into her room. Husan was quiet until they were inside.
“I think you should take the squid’s warning seriously and go back home. It’s far too dangerous for you here,” he ventured.
“What?” both Peri and Matilda responded together.
“Yes, leave. I think you were both lucky to get away with your lives this time and I don’t think they’ll let you go next time,” he stated with certainty. “I think it’s common sense. You heard the squid say this was your first and last warning.”
“How could you?” shouted Matilda. “How could you even think we would leave Neptune to the devices of the pirate spirits. It’s unbelievable!”
“And what about you?” asked Peri. “Would you go back with us? You haven’t told us what you plan to do.”
Husan grinned. “Why, of course I’ll stay here and see if I can help. I haven’t been threatened yet.” And he turned to Matilda. “You hurt my feelings when you called me a coward. It was unfair and I want to prove to you that I can be as brave as you are. But I would never forgive myself if something bad happened to you.”
Matilda seemed to be impressed by his sincerity. “That’s very worthy of you,” she .said, “but going home is out of the question. Besides, how would you get back without the Story Mat? We have to stick together and help get Neptune back.”
Husan was obviously disappointed. “I was only thinking of your safety,” he mumbled.
“Thank you for that but it’s impossible,” said Matilda, patting his head. “Now let’s have a rest and try to think about what we can do. We have to meet with Cassius in an hour.”
“I think I’ll go to my own room,” said Husan, leaping across to the door.
“That’s a good idea,” replied Matilda. “And think hard.”
As soon as Husan had gone, Peri looked at Matilda. “Now what was all that really about?” she said with a frown.
“Yes,” agreed Matilda. “His concern for us was not exactly genuine. I had the feeling he wanted to get rid of us. But why?”
“Until we find out I think it would be a good idea to keep as much as possible to ourselves . . . and keep a close eye on Husan” said Peri. “I’ve never trusted that pompous little twerp.”
“He did help us by calling out the Mermen when we were in trouble,” commented Matilda.
“Yes, but look what happened before. Who did we follow on our sea scooter?,” said Peri, thoughtfully.
“You don’t think he did it on purpose, do you?” asked Matilda.
“I don’t know, but I do know it would be best if we kept him out of the picture as much as we can,” said Peri.
“I agree,” said Matilda. “Now what can we do to get Neptune back?”
Peri began to sob again. “Now that I’ve lost my magic wand, I feel helpless. We can’t face up to the pirate spirits without it.”
“Magic!” shouted Matilda. “That’s it! How could I be so stupid!”
“What are you talking about?” asked Peri, snapping out of her misery.
“The magic map Maximilian gave me,” explained Matilda. “I’d completely forgotten about it.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out the map. Unfolding it on the bed they both began to think about how it could help them.  


Chapter 15
Reporting In

While Matilda and Peri were considering how they could use the map, Husan was lying back on his bed making contact with Odon again.
“Everything went as planned,” he transmitted. “The squid did his task well and now has possession of the magic wand. That leaves them defenceless. I sent a message to the pirate spirits after I had called Neptune to send his Mermen to help us even though it was all over with the squid by then. The pirates now have Neptune and I 'll contact them after they have found out where he has hidden the chest.”
“Did the squid finish off that pest of a girl and the fairy?” asked Odon.
“Er . . . no. I thought that was going too far. It was unnecessary once the squid had the magic wand. I sent it a message to give them a final warning.”
“You what . . . ?” replied Odon. “I told you that the squid was to finish them off. Now they are still around to cause trouble. Why did you disobey me? After all, you were the one that wanted the fairy to suffer.”
“I know, but it was a different thing when I saw that squid. I just couldn’t let it destroy them. It was too horrible to even think about. Anyway there’s no need to worry, they were given a scare and I think I’ve already convinced them to go home,” Husan lied.
“We’ll see – but, if anything goes wrong, you’ll pay for it,” threatened Odon.
Husan began to tremble. He knew how fierce Odon could be if he was upset. “It will all work out, you’ll see,” he said without any confidence.
“Let me know when you contact the pirates,” growled Odon, “and we can arrange to pick up the treasure.”
“Right,” said Husan, and contact was broken.  
He hadn’t told Odon about the fight with the other Killer Whales. He thought that enough damage had been done for one day.  


Chapter 16
A Map Full Of Information

Matilda was trying to recall what Maximilian had told them about the map.
“He said it would answer all of our questions if I waved my hands over it. It should be able to tell us something about the pirates,” she recalled.
“Could it tell us how to get my magic wand back?” asked Peri hopefully.
“Hopefully,” said Matilda, patting the little fairy on the head. “We’ll have to see. But our first job has to be rescuing Neptune. Let’s give it a try.”
She waved her hands over the map and it began to glow. A deep voice said, “Ask your question.”
Matilda was caught off guard and stumbled over her question. “Er . . .who . . . who are the pirate spirits?”
The map answered, “They are the ghosts of pirates past, the fiercest and cruellest of their kind.”
“But who are they?” insisted Matilda.
“They are all women,” replied the voice.
“Women?” said Matilda, shocked. She hadn’t recognised women pirates in her dream.
“Yes, some of the fiercest fighters of olden day pirates were women. They are led by Anne Bonny, the worst of them all, with hundreds of sunken galleons to her name.”
“How many of them are there altogether?” asked Matilda.
“There are ten, banded together to find Neptune’s chest,” came the voice from the map.
“Where have they taken Neptune?” continued Matilda.
“For that you will have to go to the golden dots,” said the voice.
“Thank you,” said Matilda and waved her hands across the map again to close it down. Next she rubbed one of the golden dots near Neptune’s cave. A picture of a Moray Eel appeared, its head poking out of a crevice in a coral reef.
“How can I help you?” said the eel with a yawn.
“The pirate spirits have taken Neptune. Did you see which way they went?” asked Matilda.
“I certainly did,” answered the eel. “They made quite a racket as they passed by and woke me up. They seemed to be very excited.”
“Which way did they go?” said Matilda, feeling excited.
“They headed west towards the coast,” the eel informed her.
“That’s wonderful news,” said Matilda as she rubbed the picture to make the eel disappear.
Grinning at Peri, she located the nearest golden dot to the coastline on the map. When she rubbed it she saw a large Grouper lazily nudging a piece of coral with its fat lips.
“I’m sorry to interrupt you,” Matilda apologised, “but this is rather important.”
“Go ahead,” replied the Grouper. “I’m just mucking about. I have plenty of time.”
“Have you seen a group of pirate spirits pass by with an old man?”
“I certainly have,” said the Grouper. “They scared the living daylights out of me. Nasty lot. They were heading for the stone fort on the headland.”
“That’s wonderful. I can’t thank you enough,” said Matilda excitedly.
“No need,” mumbled the Grouper. “Just doing my job.”
Matilda rubbed her finger over the picture and it disappeared. “Now to find this fort,” she said. “Mm-m-m, maybe the map has the answer.” And she waved her hands over the map again.
“As the map began to glow, Matilda posed her question. “The pirates have taken Neptune to their fort on the west coast. How can we get there without them knowing?”
“Here is a plan of the pirate’s fort,” said the voice as a picture appeared on the map. “There is a secret entrance from the sea. Copy this plan and take it with you. It will show you the way into the pirate’s hideaway. Good luck.”
Matilda rushed around the room looking for a pencil and paper. Throwing drawers all over the place, she had almost given up hope when she saw Peri holding a notebook and pencil.
“Where did you find those?” asked Matilda.
“I had to move them out of my bedside drawer when I was making up a place to sleep. I put them under your bed,” Peri told her.
Matilda grabbed the pencil, tore a page from the notebook and quickly copied the plan of the fort. When she had finished, she thanked the voice and closed down the map. Folding the map and plan, she put them back in her pocket and turned to Peri. “We have to keep this a secret from Husan,” she said. “Let’s hope he’s forgotten all about Maximilian giving us the magic map. Now let’s go and meet Cassius with the good news.”
Before they left Matilda went to the small fridge in their room and took out a handful of chocolate kelp bars to keep them going on their journey  She hurriedly shoved them in her pockets.  


Chapter 17
Meetings With Cassius

Matilda ran out to the foyer to meet Cassius. She didn’t knock on Husan’s door as she needed to talk to Cassius alone. The Merman was patiently waiting for her with the other guards. She quickly filled him in on what she had found out from the map and what she thought they should do. She also explained why Husan was to be kept in the dark as much as possible. Then she returned to their rooms and collected the elf.
Everybody gathered around Matilda in the foyer.
“We need to find out where the pirate spirits have taken Neptune,” she told them. “It is a large area to cover so I want to divide us into four groups. Each group will go in a different direction and keep in touch using these walkie-talkies Cassius has given us. If a group finds anything, they are to report to the other groups and we will meet to plan what to do.” Matilda thought how wishy-washy this sounded but she had to keep Husan away from the main action.
“Cassius will lead one group of guards covering the north, Husan will take his group east, Peri and I will go west and another senior guard will lead his group south. Any questions before we divide you up into groups?”
Husan could not help himself. “Couldn’t I stay here and coordinate the groups through telepathy? I could be like a control centre for operations.”
“You’d love being left alone,” thought Matilda but she said, “No, you’re too valuable as a leader, Husan. We’ll do it my way.”
The elf folded his arms and scowled. Matilda was more convinced than ever that he was not on her side.
They quickly divided into four groups and set off on their sea scooters. However, before they left, Cassius had a word with the senior guard in Husan’s group, telling him to make sure that he kept a watchful eye on the elf.
Cassius had chosen his best fighters for his and Matilda’s groups. He only travelled a short distance north before he veered to his left and led his group to Matilda, who had stopped her guards and was waiting for him.
 “So far so good,” he said to her. “Now let’s look at that map and plan.”
Matilda pulled both from her pocket and unfolded them over the handlebars of her sea scooter. Cassius studied the map first as Matilda pointed out what she had been told.
“Yes, I know exactly where this fort is,” said Cassius. “It should only take us half an hour to get there. Now show me the plan of the fort.”
When Matilda unfolded the plan Cassius commented, “It isn’t very large but it’s sturdy so it will be easy to defend. There’s a battlement right around the outer wall with cannons mounted to face the sea.” He ran his finger around the different rooms. There was a huge open room in the centre where the pirates obviously relaxed, sleeping rooms and kitchen off to the side and dungeons down below. “An attack from the front seems impossible.”
“I wasn’t thinking of an attack from outside,” said Matilda. “Apparently there is a way inside the fort from the sea.”
“That’s handy,” smiled Cassius. “Remember, we Mermen are useless to you on land. We have to get the pirate spirits down into the sea if we are to have any chance.”
“I think Peri and I can manage that,” said Matilda, with confidence she really didn’t have.
“Thanks for volunteering me,” said Peri chirpily, then added, “but I know that Maximilian would never forgive me if I let you go in alone, wand or no wand.”
“That’s settled then,” said Matilda.
“Where is this secret entrance from the sea?” asked Cassius.
“That we still have to find out,” replied Matilda. Cassius groaned.
With a signal from their leader, the Mermen pulled their sea scooters in behind Matilda and Cassius, and the warriors set off for the pirate’s fort, grouping themselves around Matilda and Peri. As they proceeded along, Matilda was fascinated by the number of whales they passed. The huge animals were migrating from the warmer waters to the north where their babies had been born and were heading south to the colder feeding grounds. She could hear them talking to each other in their strange, musical language. Many of them were mothers with their calves and Matilda had a warm feeling when she remembered how they had saved one calf from the Killer Whales.
As they were nearing the coast Matilda signalled Cassius to stop. She pulled the map out of her pocket and opened it. There was a golden dot near the coastline so she rubbed it. A picture of the sea swirling around rocks near to shore appeared. An eel was slithering around in the swell. Matilda touched it and the eel looked up.
“Excuse me but I was wondering if you knew where the secret entrance to the pirate’s fort is?” she asked politely.
“Those vicious hooligans! Those rotten blaggards! Think they own the place,” shouted the eel. “Ought to be hung from their own yardarm. Made to walk the plank. Keelhauled.”
“Yes, all of those things,” said Matilda, “but do you know where the secret entrance is?”
‘The only decent thing they do is dump their rubbish into the sea. Not good for the ocean, mind you, but I get a few meals out of it,” the eel continued ranting.
“The secret entrance,” Matilda repeated.
The eel seemed not to hear properly. “Secret? There’s no secret about it. They just throw the stuff over the wall. Plop! Right into our homes. I might not mind so much but the other fish do. I can tell you, they are not happy,”
“No, the . . . SECRET . . . ENTRANCE!” shouted Matilda in frustration.
“Oh, the secret entrance,” answered the eel. “Why didn’t you say so. I can show it to you if you like. I sometimes go up there to listen in to their carrying-ons. Not that I’m a busybody, of course, although some fish say I am but . . . ”
“It would be wonderful if you could lead us to the secret passage,” Matilda interrupted. “We’ll be with you shortly.” And she rubbed the picture before the eel could get another word in.
“Whew!” she sighed. “I’m not looking forward to the next meeting with that eel.”
Cassius had been watching over her shoulder and was amazed.
“That map is fantastic,” he commented. “Where did you get it?”
“Oh, Maximilian always makes sure we come well prepared,” she answered with a smile. “Now let’s get to the meeting with this eel and see if we can keep its mind on track.”
The sea-scooters started up again and the little army headed towards the coast.  


Chapter 18
The Secret Entrance

The waters gradually became shallower as they approached the coast. When they felt the waves crashing against the rocks Matilda looked around for the eel. She finally found it with its head in a tin of something disgusting that was in amongst a pile of other rubbish. She tapped on the tin and the eel pulled its head out.
“Oh, you’re here already,” it said with a frown. “I’m afraid you’ll have to wait until I finish this meal. I don’t want anybody else getting it.” And, with that, it stuck its head back into the tin.
Matilda waited patiently until the eel had finished. She felt it was better not to upset her only ally in the area. At last the eel withdrew its head again, licking its lips.
“Now, this is about that secret entrance to the pirates’ fort, isn’t it?” said the eel as if it was just remembering why Matilda was there. “I hope you’re going to do something about those disgusting vandals and their foul behaviour. Not that I mind them throwing out the occasional tin of food, you know, but they scare the living daylights out of everybody around here. This is a quiet neighbourhood most of the time, everybody getting on with each other but, when those hooligans start playing their tricks, it’s absolute chaos. Why, one time they even . . . ”
“We want to do something about them,” Matilda interrupted, realising that being polite wouldn’t work, “but we’ll never get it done if you keep prattling on. I’m sorry if that sounds rude but we don’t have much time. Can you show us the secret entrance now . . .  please?
“Mmph!” exclaimed the eel, looking a little hurt. “I didn’t mean to bore you. It’s just nice have somebody to talk to. The other fish tend to give me a wide berth. I think it’s the fact that I look like a snake.”
“The entrance?” Matilda interrupted again.
“Follow me,” said the eel, swimming away. Matilda, Cassius and the Mermen fell in behind.
The eel lad them around the shore line, just out of the swirl of the waves breaking onto the rocky coast. When he had circled the fort itself, he nodded to a cave worn into the headland.
“You have to ride a wave into that cave,” the eel explained. “When you get inside you will find a small beach. At the back of the cave there is a ladder leading up inside the fort. You only have to push up a cover and you will be in the dungeon. From there you climb stairs to the main room in the fort. Good luck and give those rascals what-ho for me.” And he swam away.
Matilda looked at the opening to the cave and the surge of water as the waves crashed against the headlands.
“Me first,” she said to Cassius. “Hang on tightly, Peri.” She pointed her sea scooter towards the cave, waited for a new surge of water towards the cliff, then hit the throttle. The sea scooter shot forward as if from a gun barrel. At first she thought she was going to be slammed into the cliff face but she twisted the handle bar of the sea scooter at the last moment and glided through the opening.
The cave was enormous inside and the small opening to it meant that the water was reasonably calm inside. She stopped her sea scooter and waited for the others to arrive. One by one the Mermen hurtled into the cave. The last to arrive was Cassius.
“We’ll have to wait here for you,” he told Matilda. “Once you get into the fort you will have to find some way to lead the pirates down here so we can deal with them.”
“We’ll think of something, won’t we my little friend,” she said, looking at Peri.
“I already have an idea,” Peri responded.
“Well, for better or worse, here goes,” said Matilda, giving Cassius a high five. She gently guided her sea scooter to the beach at the end of the cave.
It was just as the eel had said. Parking her sea scooter on the beach, Matilda walked over to a rusty ladder that reached to the roof of the cave. Placing her hands on the rungs, she began the long climb to the top.  


Chapter 19
Suspicions, Suspicions

Meanwhile, Husan and his group of Mermen were heading off into the wild blue yonder. After what seemed hours, he was fed up with this charade of looking for Neptune. He already knew where Neptune was and he was hoping the pirates would be squeezing the whereabouts of the treasure chest from him. His mind began to wander as his little group of Mermen motored along. He was thinking of what Maximilian’s reaction would be when he found out that his own elf had betrayed him and he was remembering their last talk. That was when the magic map leapt into his mind and he let out a groan. He had completely forgotten that Matilda had another weapon to help her. He quickly pulled his sea scooter to a stop and the Mermen grouped around him.
“I need a rest,” he said. “Just go over there somewhere and amuse yourselves.” He closed his eyes and began to concentrate. He was sending another message to Odon.
“I’m afraid I have some bad news.”
“I was afraid this might happen. What is it?” replied Odon.
“I forgot to tell you that Maximilian gave the girl a magic map,” said Husan nervously.
“So?” said Odon.
“She can use it to track down the pirates,” mumbled Husan.
“What! You told me we only had to get that magic wand away from the fairy and they would be defenceless. You fool! I should have had more sense than to depend on a pompous blockhead like you,” shouted Odon.
“Hold on,” replied Husan in a hurt tone, “there’s no need to go over the top.”
“Over the top! Over the top! I’ve already told you that you will pay if anything goes wrong. Then you’ll know what over the top is.”
Husan gulped. This was worse than he had imagined. “We don’t even know if the map has helped them yet,” he whimpered. “For all we know they may be wandering around like I am, with no idea about how to use the map.”
“Somehow I don’t think so,” stated Odon. “I think it’s time for me to take matters into my own hands. You can stop whatever you’re doing and join me at the pirates’ fort. And keep in touch. DO . . . YOU . . . UNDERSTAND?”
“Yes,” said Husan meekly and stopped contact.
As he opened his eyes Husan decided that it was time to rethink his options.
While Husan was communicating with Odon, the Merman who had been told to watch him was sending his own message on his walkie-talkie.
“Cassius, I think we have a problem,” he whispered into the handset.
“What is it?” asked Cassius.
“Our friend has asked us to stop and I think he is sending a message to somebody,” the Merman informed him.
“You think he has suspected something?” said Cassius.
“I’m sure of it,” responded the Merman, “and he’s not looking too pleased. In fact he looks terrified.”
“Let me know what happens,” murmured Cassius. “In the meantime I will prepare my forces for an attack from the rear. Look after your own men and keep in contact.”
The Merman put away the walkie-talkie as Husan rejoined the group.
“This is useless,” he told the group. “There is nothing in this direction. We’ll head back to Neptune’s Cave.”
“Shouldn’t we inform the other groups?” asked the leading Merman.
“Of course,” said Husan hurriedly. “Er . . . I’ll do that when we get back to the cave.”
“Yes, sir!” replied the Merman and, signalling to his men, turned his sea scooter around to head back home.  


Chapter 20
Freedom

Hand over hand, Matilda climbed to the top of the ladder. Looking up, she saw marks in the roof that indicated a trapdoor. She reached up with one hand and pushed. The trapdoor wasn’t heavy and she was able to shove it to the side. Cautiously, she poked her head through the space and into the room above. There was nobody about. Looking around, she saw that she was in the dungeon - once again just as the eel had described. If things kept going this way she would owe that
long-winded, over-sized tapeworm a real meal. She climbed into the room.
She jumped as she heard a voice cry out.
“You’ve found me!” a man had shouted from behind her.
Spinning around, she saw Neptune locked in a cell. His hands and feet were bound by chains and he looked to be in a desperate condition. Matilda ran across to him, holding a finger to her mouth to quieten him.
“Sh!” she whispered. “We’ll have you free soon. Your Mermen are down below waiting for you.”
“The pirates are up the stairs celebrating,” Neptune told her. They could hear the shouting, singing and banging from above.
“You haven’t told them where the chest is yet, have you?” she asked.
“No, but I was ready to do it before you arrived,” Neptune admitted. “You have no idea what they’ve done to me. I couldn’t have lasted much longer.”
“Well, you don’t have to worry any more. You’re safe now,” Matilda said with tears in her eyes. “We’ll get you out of there as soon as we can.” She looked at the thick bars and the lock on the door. “What can we do about that lock?” she asked Peri.
“No problem,” answered the little fairy, fluttering down to inspect it. She reached up to her hair and pulled out a small bobby pin. “I always carry my burglar’s kit around with me.” She straightened the bobby pin out and poked it into the lock’s keyhole. With her little tongue poking out between her lips, she wiggled the bobby pin about until she heard a click. “Presto!” she announced. “You can open it now.”
Matilda gave her a big hug and pulled the lock open. The door squealed as she pushed it to one side and she jumped with fright. She listened for a moment in case the pirates had heard it, then rushed over to Neptune.
“Those monsters,” she cried angrily, and saw that the chains secured by two more locks. “More work here for you,” she said to Peri.
In a matter of minutes the little fairy had opened the two locks and Neptune was freed of the chains. “Now we have to get you to your guards,” said Matilda.
Neptune put his arm around her shoulder and, together, they hobbled over to the trapdoor. “Can you manage to climb down there by yourself?” Matilda asked.
“Yes, but what about you?” enquired Neptune.
“We still have business with the pirates,” she informed him. “Cassius will explain when you get down to him. He’ll keep you safe from what is about to happen.”
“I can’t thank you enough,” cried Neptune. “I’m so glad Odon decided to contact you.”
That’s when the penny dropped in Matilda’s brain. It was the thing that she had been trying to remember. She had been contacted through her dreams.
Looking at Neptune, she said, “Tell me one thing before you go. Does Odon have the power of telepathy?”
“No, of course not,” replied Neptune. “Why?”
“I’ll explain later,” answered Matilda evenly. “For now get back to your Mermen.” She helped Neptune climb through the trapdoor and watched as he descended the ladder. Then she carefully replaced the trapdoor so that it would be hard to see except for the small brass handle on top.
“What was that all about?” asked Peri.
“Things just fell into place. We have been led a merry dance – and by those we trusted. I’ll fill you in after we’ve finished with the pirates. We have to get them down to the Mermen. I hope you meant it when you said you had something planned.”
“Trust me,” replied Peri. “I’d never let you down.”
“Come on then – into the lion’s den,” said Matilda.  


Chapter 21
Face to Face

Matilda climbed the stairs in a cold sweat. She could here the clamour of the pirates as she inched forward but she was not prepared for what she saw when she reached the top. Peering around the arched entry she saw the ten pirates. No wonder she hadn’t recognised them as men. They were dressed as normal pirates and had shaved their heads. But what shocked her was the way they were behaving. Several were wrestling each other on the floor, in amongst foul slops and rubbish, others were standing on the tables waving their cutlasses while swigging from mugs and the rest had their arms around each other as they sang a bawdy song out of tune. The noise was horrendous and the sight was terrifying.
“Well here goes everything,” Matilda whispered to Peri, and stepped into the room.
Suddenly there was complete silence as the pirates saw them.
The largest and fiercest-looking woman moved towards them. “What have we here, me hearties. Unwelcome visitors, that’s what they be. It looks like we’ll have more to amuse us when we’ve finished with the old man. Come in, come in,” she beckoned to Matilda. “Don’t be bein’ shy. We’s all be friends ‘ere, ain’t that right, shipmates.”
    “Aye!” responded the other pirates.
Matilda summoned her courage. “You must be Anne Bonny,” she said. “I’m sorry but I have some bad news for you.”
“You be right about me name,” Bonny responded with a black look. “Now what be this bad news you have me shakin’ in me boots for?” The other pirates laughed.
“Neptune has gone. We freed him from his cell,” Matilda informed her.
    Bonny didn’t react and simply screwed up her face, thoughtfully. She signalled to one of the pirates near her. “Get thee down to the dungeon and see if this wee lassie is straight.” The pirate edged past Matilda and ran down the steps.
Turning back to Matilda, Bonny asked, “And who would we be talkin’ to?”
Matilda felt less brave than she sounded as she replied,” My name is Matilda and this Peri, Maximilian's Persian fairy, and we’re here to stop this nonsense.”
“Oh my, bless me daddy. A wee lassie and her fairy friend,” she said in a mocking voice, shaking her body and pretending to cower. “Time to run up the white flag and surrender our swords, me hearties.” The other pirates burst out laughing again.
At that moment the pirate, who had been sent down to check the dungeon, barged past Matilda and shouted out, “'E's gone! Vanished! Poof! The old bloke’s disappeared.” Obviously she hadn’t noticed the trapdoor.
“Well now, how did a little mite like you manage that?” said Bonny glaring daggers at Matilda. “Methinks it’s time we did stop this nonsense. Grab 'em, shipmates.”
As the pirates rushed towards them, Peri shouted out, “Stop! I know where the treasure chest is!” And they froze in their tracks.
“Are you playin’ for time little girl? 'Cause it’ll do you no good,” warned Bonny.
“No, Neptune told me where the chest was when we freed him from his cell. He said I needed to know in case anything happened to him,” Peri lied. “I can show you where the treasure is hidden.”
The little fairy whispered into Matilda’s ear, “Run for the dungeon when I make my move.”
“Get rid of the girl,” snarled Bonny, “and grab the fairy.”
When the pirates scrambled towards them with their cutlasses raised, Peri took off, flying straight at them. Caught by surprise, the pirates tripped over each other as they groped in the air, trying to grab her. In the meantime, Matilda turned and bolted down the steps to the dungeon. Peri kept flying in and out of the pirates until she was certain that Matilda had reached the trapdoor, then she soared down after her, with the pirates following.
Matilda had the trapdoor open and was already halfway down the ladder when Peri swooped past her. The pirates were left behind, falling over each other as they came down the steps, with Bonny shouting at them, “Catch 'em you fools!”
Peri landed on Matilda's shoulder as she dragged her sea scooter off the beach and into the water with the Mermen.
“Well done my little treasure,” she said to Peri.
She noticed that Neptune was kept at the back of the Mermen who were lined up in the shallows, prepared for battle.
Unfortunately the pirates could only come down the ladder one by one so it took some time for them to assemble on the beach. Bonny was the last to arrive. She was shocked to see the warriors awaiting them, but when she spotted Neptune there was no turning back.
“Charge!” she screamed. “Take every last one of 'em down,” as she led her crew into the shallows.
The battle was joined and the cave was filled with sound of steel on steel – cutlasses sweeping through the air to strike tridents, with thrust and parry. The Mermen had a secret weapon as well. In their belts they had nets that they threw over each pirate as they tired in the water. The pirates were outnumbered two to one and were soon subdued. Matilda smiled to see them struggling against the netting and falling over in the shallows.
“You’ll pay for this, old man,” Bonny yelled at Neptune from her bonds. “Never think you won’t.” The rage in her voice would have put fear into the bravest heart if she hadn’t been tied up.
Cassius checked his men for injuries and, when he found none, raised his trident into the air and shouted “Victory!” The Mermen echoed his call.  


Chapter 22
Traitors Exposed

The battle had only just finished when the group was surprised to see another sea scooter burst through the entrance with Husan at the controls. He quickly took in the scene and pulled up beside Matilda.
“I see I’ve missed all of the action,” he said with his usual confidence. After his last talk with Odon he had decided that it was prudent to change sides. “Sorry about that.”
Matilda was fed up with his cheekiness. “Stop playing games you traitor,” she growled. “I know exactly what you’ve been up to.”
“What do you mean?” asked Husan, innocently.
“Rubbish,” responded Matilda. “For example, tell us how you knew we were here.”
“Um . . . er . . . um,” he stammered. “What difference does that make? I’m here now and I’m on your side.”
“Always go with a winner, eh?” said Matilda. “Do you have any idea how much trouble you’ve caused us, let alone putting everybody’s life in danger? You arranged for us to be here by sending messages to me through my dreams. You arranged for the Mermen to be away so that the pirates could capture Neptune. And that’s just for starters.”
“At least she doesn’t know I set them up with the Giant Squid,” he thought, but said, “I know I’ve been wrong. I can see that now and I want to make up for it. Give me another chance.”
Matilda was in no mood to put up with any more of his lies. “You pompous twit,” she shouted. “Do you really think we can forgive you after all you’ve done. The hide of you!”
Husan pulled out his ace card. “But I can help you get back the magic wand.”
Before Matilda could reply there was a giant roar and Odon charged through the opening to the cave. “There you are, you turncoat,” he screamed as he sighted Husan. “You ruined everything.”
“S-s-steady down,” stuttered Husan. It seemed that everybody was after his blood. “W-w-e can sort this out if everybody calms down.”
“Odon. What are you doing here?” said Neptune in a shocked voice.
“Don’t Odon me, old man. I’ve been waiting too long for you to be destroyed. You think I enjoyed being your trained animal. ‘Yes, sir, no, sir, where can I take you sir?’ The pirates promised me freedom once they had stripped you of your treasure,” he looked at Husan, “and they told that little twerp that he could join them if he helped.”
“Well, my great-grandfather was a pirate in the Mediterranean, you know,” said Husan, his false pride overcoming his sense of danger.
“Twerp is being too kind,” thought Matilda.
Still looking at Husan, Odon snarled,” I told you that you would pay horribly if things went wrong. Well that time has come.” Baring his teeth, the Killer Whale charged towards Husan. The Mermen and their prisoners were scattered to each side as Odon raced at the elf. When he seemed about to take Husan in his jaws the elf leapt high into the air and the Killer Whale skidded underneath. He had misjudged the distance and shot up onto the beach, carving a furrow through the sand. He lay there marooned.
    Neptune made his way to the stranded whale. Standing beside him he said, “I trusted you. I thought you were my loyal friend and you betrayed me. I cannot forgive you for that. You will be cast out into the outer regions, never to enter these waters again. All sea life will be ordered to reject you. You will suffer a life of loneliness. Think yourself fortunate that you are getting away with your life. Do you agree or do we leave you here to die a slow death?”
Odon took no time to weigh up his options. “I agree,” he said mournfully.
“Take him away,” Neptune ordered the Mermen. Several came forward and secured a rope to Odon’s tail. They dragged him into the water and out of the cave with their sea scooters.  


Chapter 23
A Cave Full of Notables

As Odon disappeared there was a loud clap of thunder and a flash of lightning. Out of the smoke two figures appeared on the beach. One was dressed in a white toga while the other wore a beautiful crimson robe and had a golden crown on his head.
“Zeus! Odysseus!” gasped Neptune, going white in the face. All of the Mermen bowed their heads.
“It seems that, now we have everybody together, this would be a good time to settle our problem once and for all,” said the man in the crimson robe.
“Zeus, I beg your forgiveness,” pleaded Neptune. “I did what I did because I felt that you weren’t showing me the respect that I deserved.”
“Yes, I understand your motive but not your action,” replied Zeus.
Matilda finally found the courage to speak up.
“What is this all about? I’ve been told that you’ve been harassing Neptune with the pirate spirits and endangering everybody else because you are carrying some grudge against him. Why is he begging for your forgiveness? It should be the other way around.”
Zeus turned towards her.
“Ah, Matilda and the little Persian fairy Peri, I’m afraid you have been badly misled,” he said in the gentlest of voices. “What you have been told is a bag of lies. Unfortunately your bravery has been misused in a cunning scheme. You will discover the truth later. For the moment let’s get rid of this riff raff.” He pointed at the pirates, still struggling against their bonds. “They’ve served their purpose in showing Neptune what a disasterous and dangerous situation he has created.”
Waving his hands in the air he produced a large flask and removed the stopper.
“No,” yelled Bonny. “You can’t send us back. We’ve been loyal to you, and you said we could have the treasure.”
Zeus ignored her. He waved one hand towards them, curled his wrist and beckoned them towards the bottle. Matilda watched the pirates disintegrate and join together in a column of thick black smoke that showed screaming faces as it swooshed towards the bottle and disappeared inside. The racket was frightening. Zeus smiled as he put the stopper back in place and threw the flask into the air where it vanished.
‘Now Neptune, I believe we have some unfinished business. I think we should retire to your cave where you can tell Odysseus,” he indicated the figure in the white toga, “the location of the chest and I can explain your treachery to our friends here.” He smiled at Matilda who was stunned by what she had heard. “As for you,” he snarled at Husan, “I’ll leave your punishment up to Maximilian.”
Neptune looked a defeated man. He seemed to have shrunk and aged even more. Cassius volunteered to remain behind with some of his men to check out the fort and seal it up.
“Return to your cave,” Zeus ordered them, “and I will join you shortly.”  


Chapter 24
The Truth Will Out

The journey back to Neptune’s cave seemed to last for ages without a word being spoken. At last the cheerless group arrived at their destination. Even the Mermaids seemed to sense that something was wrong and didn’t swim out to greet them. Neptune walked slowly through the protective wall, followed by Matilda, Peri and Husan. They entered the Throne Room and sat on one of the settees to wait for Zeus and Odysseus. Matilda couldn’t bring herself to talk to Neptune or Husan..
There was another peal of thunder, a flash of lightning, and Zeus and Odysseus appeared in front of them. They had very serious looks on their faces that said they meant business. Odysseus walked over to Neptune and held out his hand.
“Come with me,” he said. “You have much to tell me.” Neptune took the offered hand, rose from his seat and walked out with Odysseus. Zeus came to sit beside Matilda.
“I ask you to recognise that everything that you have been told so far is untrue and invented only to have you assist in a foul plot,” he began. “You and your friend have been badly used by all sides for their own gain. Your courage is undoubted and I apologise that is has been abused. Now I believe you deserve to hear the truth.”
“I can’t believe this is happening,” said a shocked Matilda. “I thought we were doing the right thing . . . ” She couldn’t continue as tears welled up in her eyes.
“You have nothing to be sorry for, little one,” said Zeus, taking her hand. “You followed a true path and, once again, displayed your bravery. It was not your fault that you were betrayed at every step. Please be patient and I will explain.” Matilda nodded.
“To understand how events came about you must first know some of the background of the gods of mythology. Neptune is my brother.” Matilda gasped. “My other brother is Pluto and I am the eldest of the three. To Pluto was given the dwellings of the dead as his responsibility, to Neptune the dominions of the sea, and to me the glory of reigning over the heaven and earth. Neptune did not accept this. He believed he should be equal in honour to me and, in his anger, carried out some acts that were beyond his realm. He helped the Greeks in their battle with the Trojans which I had forbidden. He stranded Odysseus, a loyal and faithful warrior, on an island.”
“He told me that he did that because Odysseus blinded his son, Cyclops, and that you rescued him,” interrupted Matilda.
“True, but not the full story. Cyclops, he of the single eye, had developed a taste for human flesh and planned to kill Odysseus and his men,” Zeus continued. “What Odysseus did was in self-defence and was the only way he could save the lives if himself and his brave soldiers. When I sent a messenger to free Odysseus from the island, Neptune became even angrier. The bad blood between us continued to grow throughout the millennia.”
“This is a very different story to the one I was told,” responded Matilda.
“Yes, well you must remember that Neptune desperately wanted your help to keep me and Odysseus away. Anyway, to finish this part of the story, I realised that something had to be done to finish this divide between us so I sent an invitation to Neptune to visit me in my palace within Mount Olympus. I decided that I would do anything to calm his anger. Other lesser gods were invited and we made a celebration of the event. It seemed to work. Neptune enjoyed himself and the months of festivals and parties in his honour. I thought that I had achieved my goal – until he left and I found that he had broken into my private rooms and stolen my sword and shield, without which I am a lesser god. I knew then that his anger with me was greater than I had ever imagined and he had hurt me in the vilest manner. I sent messengers to him begging for the return of the sword and shield but all were rejected. That was when Odysseus, forever in my debt, offered to recover my treasures. He asked that I release the pirate spirits to help him and, unfortunately, I did.
It seems now that they believed that the treasure Odysseus spoke of came from ships and had their own plans for it. I’m sure your traitorous elf can fill you in on that part of the story.” Husan cringed.
“But why didn’t you just appear like you did today and demand the return of the sword and shield?” asked Matilda with a wrinkled brow.
“You don’t know my brother very well. He is very, very stubborn and that would have achieved nothing. He would have laughed in my face. The plan was to use the pirates to capture him and scare the truth out of him. They did manage to scare him, as you saw, and he is a broken man who realises that he has gone too far. I am sure he will tell Odysseus where he has hidden the treasures.”
“He told me that you wanted to destroy him and cast him out into the mystic world to float around for eternity,” explained Matilda.
Zeus laughed. “He really did turn on all of the sympathy taps for you, didn’t he? He would say anything to get your help. No, no, I only want peace with him – and my sword and shield returned.
Once that is achieved I will welcome my brother back . . .  as long as he promises to behave himself.”
At that moment Odysseus and Neptune walked back into the room. Odysseus nodded to Zeus, indicating that Neptune had cooperated.
Zeus turned to Matilda and Peri. “I think that, after all you’ve been through, you deserve to be in on the conclusion. Would you do me the honour of accompanying us while we recover my sword and shield?”
“Oh, yes, please,” they said in unison.
    Zeus stared angrily at Husan, “And you will remain here until we return! You still have something to do for my friends, I believe.”
Husan quickly nodded.
“How did you know that?” asked Matilda, amazed.
“I have been following events very closely,” replied Zeus with a gentle grin.  


Chapter 25
An Old Foe

Looking at Neptune, Zeus announced, “My brother has told us where he has hidden my sword and shield. To get there quickly, we will have to use the gods’ method of transport. I ask you to form a circle and to hold hands.”
Matilda stood with Peri and joined the circle, holding a hand of both Zeus and Odysseus. Neptune stood on the other side of the circle. When they were ready, Zeus looked up towards the roof and shouted the word, “Olympus!”
    Matilda had closed her eyes and, when she opened them, she saw that they were on a small rocky island with sheer cliffs on three sides. A boulder-strewn slope led up a hill and, in the distance she could see a cave.
“Another cave,” she thought. “I hope it’s friendlier than the last one.”
“Here we are,” said Zeus. “The island of Mykalos. And this is where we will find my treasures. Follow me.” He began walking up towards the cave.
It was quite a steep slope and they had to scramble up using their hands. As they approached the cave they displaced small stones which rolled down towards the sea. They made quite a noise.
“Who goes there?” roared a voice from inside the cave. “Name yourself or suffer the consequences.”
Odysseus reached inside his tunic and produced a short sword. Zeus looked at Neptune.
“Is this another of your tricks, brother?” he asked. “Leading us into a trap?”
“No,” replied Neptune. “That is Cyclops. After he was blinded I had to find somewhere safe for him to live. Then, when I needed to hide your sword and shield, I thought of this place. Nobody would risk going inside when they heard his voice, and they wouldn’t know he was really blind and harmless.”
“Mm-mm,” muttered Zeus. “Speak to him.”
Neptune approached the mouth of the cave. “Do not fear my son, it is I, Neptune. I have brought some friends to retrieve the treasures I stored in the chest.”
There was another dull roar and Cyclops appeared at the entrance. Matilda shrank back in fear. He was enormous and his arms hung by his sides almost to the ground. He wore a sheepskin around his body and no shoes on his feet – and he was filthy. The single eye set in the middle of his forehead was a milky white and sightless. He was an awesome figure.
“Welcome, father,” the monster said in a surprisingly soft voice as he stepped to one side. “And welcome to your friends. Enter.”
The small party stepped past the giant and entered the cave. The smell was unbelievably bad. Matilda had to cover her nose with a handkerchief. There were animal bones scattered across the earth floor and a well with a bucket attached to a windlass.
“Friends bring sheep over to him regularly,” explained Neptune. “He is comfortable enough here.”
“Where is the chest?” asked Zeus, wanting to remain there as briefly as possible.
“At the back of the cave,” said Neptune, leading the way.
Odysseus remained with Cyclops, his sword at the ready. He was remembering his last encounter with this colossus and did not trust him.
When they reached the rear of the cave, Matilda saw a large chest with brass trimmings and a golden latch. Zeus moved forward and released the latch. He cautiously lifted the lid. Suddenly the cave was filled with a spectacular light. Matilda fell backwards with the shock of it. Zeus reached into chest and drew out the most beautiful shield and sword. They glowed with power and spoke of strength and justice. The sword was amazing. It was in the shape of a lightning bolt.
“At last,” whispered Zeus. “My supremacy returned.”
His face glowed with happiness as he raised the two objects into the air. Turning to Neptune he said, “Thank you brother, all is forgiven.”
The party made their way back to the shoreline. Zeus had given Matilda his shield to carry. It was surprisingly light as she carried it with her arm through the large hand-piece on the back. Its brilliance made her eyes ache. When they arrived at the bottom of the hill they formed the circle again. Zeus looked to the heavens, shouted “Olympus!” and they were back in Neptune’s cave.  


Chapter 26
Confession Time

Zeus addressed Neptune again. “Now that everything has been restored to its rightful place I would wish that we  could resume the natural order. Do you agree?”
Neptune was shocked by his brother’s generosity. “Do you mean that I will remain ruler of the seas?”
“Yes,” replied Zeus. “And, if you will come, we shall soon have another celebration at Mount Olympus to bind our new relationship.”
“Certainly,” replied Neptune, bowing his head in recognition of Zeus’ superiority. “your generosity is truly befitting of the god of gods. I will be there.”
“Now I think you have some explaining to do to our brave friends here,” said Zeus, indicating Matilda and Peri. “And I have a small gift to remind them of how much I appreciated their help.”
He reached into a pocket of his cloak and pulled out a golden disc and chain. The disc was etched with a drawing of Zeus’ sword and shield. “Whenever you need extra courage, simply rub this medallion and it will be given to you. And if you are in extreme danger, say the words, 'Bolts of lightning, Peals of thunder', and I shall be there to help you as you have helped me.”
He handed the disc and chain to Matilda. She was flabbergasted and could only manage a quiet, “Thank you” as she put it in her pocket.
“It’s time to return home,” announced Zeus, holding his sword and shield with pride. He grasped Odysseus’ hand, looked up and shouted, “Olympus” again. There was a flash of flame and smoke as they vanished.
 Neptune was a different man as he sat down with Matilda through the evening hours and explained the reasons for his behaviour. Although she was hurt and angry, Matilda began to appreciate the pain that his actions had finally caused him and, after both shed some tears, they hugged each other.
“Everything has turned out for the best,” she finally stated, “and much of the trouble was caused by the greed of the pirates, Odon and Husan. If they hadn’t believed that the treasure was gold and jewels, and set their hearts on getting it, a lot of the hurt would have been avoided. Speaking of Husan, where is he?”
“I saw him heading out to the foyer as we were leaving for the island,” said Neptune. “I know the guards wouldn’t let him go too far. And I don’t believe he’s silly enough to risk the wrath of Zeus.”
Matilda walked out to the foyer and looked through the protective wall. There was Husan, with several of the Merman, whizzing around on a sea scooter as if nothing had happened.
“Thick hide, thick head,” commented Matilda as she went outside and signalled to him. ”Inside immediately,” she scolded, and Husan quickly stopped his game and joined her.
“It’s confession time,” she informed him. “I want to know everything. And if you lie to me ever again I’ll make sure you’re sorry to be living. This is your one and only chance to get yourself out of serious trouble, so don’t blow it.” She led him back into the Throne Room.
After they were seated Matilda asked the elf to tell his story right from the beginning.
“I’ve known Odon for a long time. I classed him as a friend and used to talk to him by telepathy. I could call him but he couldn’t call me. When Odysseus freed the pirate spirits to help him find the treasure, they wanted some help from inside Neptune’s cave so they looked for someone there who was unhappy. Odon. He told me all about it when I contacted him and said the pirates were willing to let me join them if I could help. I always fancied a pirate’s life and, as I said before, my great-grandfather was a pirate in the Mediterranean; Corsairs they were called. What with that and the treasure as well I thought I could have a pretty good time. But I had to get here somehow so Odon suggested that Neptune ask for your help. In the meantime I set you up with the dreams and asked Maximilian if I could go with you on your next adventure, already knowing what that would be. Cunning, eh?”
“You can’t still be proud of yourself, can you?” said a disgusted  Peri. “You’re absolutely pitiful.”
Husan blushed. Perhaps he’d gone too far again.
“Anyway,” he continued. “When we got here things started to go wrong. Firstly, Odon wanted the Giant Squid to destroy both of you.”
“You set that up too, didn’t you?” gasped a shocked Matilda.
“But I told the squid to let you go once he had the magic wand,” protested Husan. “I could have let things go, you know. Then where would you have been? Minced meat.”
“You’re all heart,” muttered Matilda.
“When I told him what happened, Odon was . . . not pleased. He started making threats and that’s when I decided that I had been stupid and changed sides.”
“Clever you,” said Peri sarcastically.
“And that’s it – finish,” said Husan.
“Not quite,” interrupted Matilda. “Tomorrow morning you’re going to help us get Peri’s magic wand back. Understand?”
“Okay,” agreed Husan with a nonchalant shrug of his shoulders. “Easy-peasy.”
“We’ll see about that in the morning. Now let’s get some dinner and a good night’s rest. I’m sick of those chocolate-covered kelp bars. How about you Peri?”  


Chapter 27
Unexpected Help And Strange Justice

Early the next morning, Matilda, Peri and Husan set off on their sea scooters. Cassius insisted on coming along to help protect them. He wanted to take extra Mermen with him but Husan rejected the idea.
“Not necessary,” he boasted. “It will only stir things up. Too many people and the squid will think we’re after him. I can talk him into giving up the magic wand without a fight.” Matilda reluctantly agreed.
Husan led them back to the canyon where the squid had attacked them. He held up his hand to bring them to a halt.
“It could be anywhere around here,” he whispered. “Its home is a little way up the canyon. We’ll take it slowly from here. Once we see it, leave the talking to me.”
They continued slowly between the sheer cliffs.
Suddenly Matilda felt those horrible tentacles grab her around the waist again. She was lifted high and turned to see that Peri had also been captured. Another tentacle held Husan who was screaming at the squid. Cassius had been knocked off his sea scooter and was floating around unconscious.
“Do something,” Matilda shouted at Husan. “Say something.”
“I’m trying but it’s not listening,” replied Husan, waving his arms about helplessly as the Giant Squid twisted him around, tightening its grip.
He looked into the creature’s ugly eye and pleaded, “There’s no need for this. It’s all over. All we want is the magic wand returned then we can all sit down and talk about it. That’s reasonable isn’t it?”
    The squid replied in a piercing voice, “You lied to me last time and Odon was not pleased. He is my master and I must do as he orders.”
“But that’s just it,” wheezed Husan as the tentacle drew tighter, “Odon is no more. He’s been cast out. You don’t have to listen to him. You’re the boss now. You can let us go. Please let us go.”
“I will finish what I started,” answered the squid stubbornly.
Husan decided to try another tack. “Okay, go ahead, kill us. But that won’t be the end of it. Others will come, and keep coming until they destroy you. You’ll never have any peace. Think about that. Let us go and everything will end here.”
“Who will come?” asked the squid.
“ Er . . . the pirate spirits.” Husan had to concoct something on the spur of the moment. “Um . . . they wanted us to lead them to the treasure. They won’t be pleased if you spoil their plan.”
“Another lie!” screeched the squid. “The pirates are after Neptune, not you.”
“Brighter than the average invertebrate,” thought Husan and could think of nothing else to say.
“The time has come for you all to perish,” screamed the squid and lifted Husan towards its terrifying beak.
Without warning, Husan found himself flying free through the water. Matilda and Peri shot past him. They looked back to see two huge whales battering the Giant Squid. It tried to wrap its tentacles around each of its attackers as they rushed in but they were too fast and bulky. Wham! The squid was knocked back. Thump! It was thrown the opposite way. Its eye showed its terror.
“Whoopee!” shouted Husan. “The cavalry has arrived.”
Matilda and Peri just watched in stunned silence. In his excitement, Husan stupidly swam closer to the action. The squid reached out with one of its long tentacles and managed to grab him again. Realising that the battle was lost, it squirted out a cloud of black ink and, by the time the water had cleared, the squid had disappeared.
All Matilda had heard through the black cloud was Husan’s voice shouting, “Save me, Matilda, save me. I’m sorry for everything.”
The voice trailed off into the distance and she felt a deep sadness. She was joined by Cassius who had regained consciousness.
“What happened?” he asked, shaking his head.
“I’ll tell you later” answered Matilda as the two whales swam up to them.
“How can I ever thank you enough,” she said to them. “You saved our lives.”
“We were only repaying a debt,” said the bigger whale. “The message has been passing up and down the whale pods telling everybody how you saved the calf and its mother from the Killer Whales. We were told to keep an eye on you. So, when we saw you in trouble with the squid, we had to help.”
“A good deed returned,” added the second whale. “We have to get back to the migration now. We’re sorry about your friend.”
    “So am I,” said Matilda sincerely.
As the whales swam off, Matilda explained to Cassius exactly what had happened.
“Well, all isn’t lost,” he said. “Husan told us that the squid’s home was farther down the canyon so we’d better go and look.”
Collecting their sea scooters they proceeded down the canyon, keeping a careful eye out for any crevice that might be the squid’s home. At last they spotted a likely gap in the cliff face. Matilda edged forward and looked inside. There on a ledge was Peri’s magic wand. The little fairy leapt off her shoulder and swam over to it. Her face gleaned with excitement as she picked it up and waved it about. She rushed back to Matilda and gave her a kiss on the cheek, then did the same to Cassius. He blushed.
The trip back to Neptune’s cave should have been a happy one but the loss of Husan put a pall over everything.
“What will we say to Maximilian,” Matilda asked Peri.
“I’m sure he’ll understand when he hears the whole story,” replied Peri. “After all, it was his own stupidity that got him into trouble.” She found it hard to forgive the mischievous elf.
“I suppose so,” agreed Matilda. “But he didn’t deserve that sort of end.”
Neptune’s cave loomed out of the waters in the distance.  


Chapter 28
Goodbye

Neptune was waiting for them on the steps leading into his cave. He waved as they pulled up and dismounted their sea scooters. Cassius arranged for the vehicles to be put away, then swam over to join the others as they stood outside the foyer.
“My friends have told me how brave you have been,” Neptune said to him.
“The truth is, I wasn’t much use at all,” replied Cassius modestly.
“I’m sure they would have felt less safe without you,” said Neptune, and Matilda nodded. “Your courage throughout this stressful time has been noted and we will be holding a celebration tonight for your promotion to General.”
The Merman bowed his head. Turning to Matilda and Peri, Neptune continued, “I hope you both will be able to stay for the party>”
“Of course,” said Matilda. “We wouldn’t miss it for the world. We are so proud of our brave protector.” She kissed Cassius on the cheek. He blushed again.
The party was wonderful. It was held outside the cave so that the mermaids and Mermen could take part. Food for the walking guests was served in the foyer. The highlight of the evening was when Cassius swam through a guard of honour made up of his own soldiers, to a table set up on the steps of the cave, where Neptune placed a gold General’s Medallion around his neck. As she watched with tears in her eyes, Matilda reached into her pocket and fingered her own medallion from Zeus.
With proceedings over, Matilda and Peri said goodbye to Cassius, the Mermen and the Mermaids, then walked through the protective wall with Neptune.
“You have been so good to me,” said Neptune with misty eyes. “I’m going to miss you.”
“We’ll miss you too,” said Matilda, giving him a hug.
“You have been brave, compassionate, forgiving and most of all wise for such a young girl. Now that I have been given a second chance I will make the most of it. I promise.”
“Everybody makes mistakes,” replied Matilda shyly. “But we all deserve the chance to regain our self-esteem.”
“As I said, very wise,” said Neptune, squeezing her hand. “Now I believe you want to return home.”
“Yes,” said Matilda, “it is time for us to go.” She nodded to Peri who waved her wand. The Story Mat unfurled beside them. Seating herself on the carpet, Matilda looked up one last time and said,” Goodbye Neptune,” closed her eyes and folded her arms.
The Story Mat took off as tears finally trickled down Neptune’s face.  


Chapter 29
Reporting To Maximilian

The Story Mat landed in the middle of Matilda’s bedroom. She hopped off, rolled the carpet up and headed for the attic. To her surprise, when she crawled through the small door, Maximilian was already there waiting for her.
    He smiled broadly, “Welcome home my little jewel,” he said, giving Matilda a huge hug. He looked around and only saw her and Peri. “Where is Husan?” he asked.
    Matilda bowed her head. “I’m afraid we lost him,” she answered and went on to tell Maximilian the whole story.
‘Mm-mm,” pondered Maximilian. “I thought his volunteering to go on your next adventure was a little strange at the time. He made it a point of never volunteering for anything. But I must say he pulled the wool over my eyes.”
“He could do that very well,” agreed Matilda.
“I’m sorry that my decision caused you so much trouble,” apologised Maximilian. “I’ll have words with the little imp about it.”
“But he’s gone,” insisted Matilda. “The Giant Squid took him away. He’s probably dead.”
“No,” laughed Maximilian. “I will be able to have him returned – although he doesn’t deserve it.
It’s my world of magic, my little treasure.”
“Phew,” gasped Matilda. “That’s a relief.”
“More like a disappointment,” put in Peri.
 “Yes, well, I think I’ll leave him out there for a few more days, but I have to say life is more interesting with him around. You never know what to expect from one day to the next,” said Maximilian.
“And that’s an understatement,” said Peri, refusing to let the matter go.
“But my real treasure is my little fairy,” smiled Maximilian holding out his hand.
Peri flew over to him and rolled her eyes. “I’m easily conned,” she said.
Matilda laughed out loud. She loved her two friends very deeply.
“Now that you have restored order in the world of the mythical gods, my blossom,” he said to Matilda,” I think you deserve a rest. Until the next adventure comes along.”
“Yes,” agreed Matilda. “This one was particularly tiring, not knowing who was on our side. Oh, by the way, I must show you the medallion Zeus gave me. It’s absolutely beautiful.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out the disc and chain.
When he took it into his own hand Maximilian looked amazed.
“This is truly the greatest honour that a god can bestow on anybody,” he exclaimed. “I am so proud of you my brave dove. Treasure this and guard it with your life. It has its own magical powers that you may find useful in the future. That is astounding.”
Taking the medallion back, Matilda reached into her pocket and pulled out the magic map and the plan of the pirates’ fort.
“I don’t think I will need these anymore,” she said, handing them to Maximilian.
Finally she gave him the Story Mat. He leaned over and kissed her on the cheek, a new respect for her shining in his eyes.
“I have a solution for your other problem as well,” said Maximilian.
Matilda frowned. What other problem was he talking about?
“The school bullies,” Maximilian reminded her. “Listen carefully.”
He leaned closer to whisper in her ear. She burst out laughing.
“That’s fantastic!” she squealed. “I can’t wait.”
“Time to go,” announced Maximilian. He paused while Peri flew over to Matilda.
“Goodbye, my dearest friend,” the little fairy said.
“Goodbye ‘til next time, my little protector,” replied Matilda, knowing that she would see her again.
When Peri had returned to him, Maximilian pointed at the Story Mat and it disappeared; the map and plan vanished as he threw them into the air; and, finally, he and Peri faded away.
Matilda ran down to her room. She still had something to do before her parents arrived home from the bookshop. She took her copy of “Arabian Nights” down from the bookshelf and, finding her pen knife in s desk drawer, carefully carved out a rectangular box inside. It was a shame to ruin the book but she had to have a safe place to hide her medallion where nobody else would look.
When she had successfully shaped the hollow she took the beautiful medallion out of her pocket. She had one last look at it and was stunned by its exquisiteness. It was awesome. Placing it in its hiding-place, she put the book back on the shelf and walked downstairs to prepare the vegetables for dinner.  


Chapter 30
Sweet Revenge

The next day at school, Matilda didn’t wait for the bullies to find her – she went searching for them. They weren’t hard to find. There they were by the canteen, stopping small children as they came away from the counter, demanding their change and taking their cream buns and sodas.
Matilda walked straight up to their leader, Gerald Norton, a big boofhead of a boy who scared everybody with his sheer size.
“Well, if it isn’t the book nerd,” he sneered. “How much money have you got for us?”
“None,” replied Matilda. She was going to take  pleasure in making this last as long as she could.
“Well, that could be a problem for ya,” said the bully. “I’ll have to get me amusement some other way.” He gave her a push. “What do ya think boys?”
“Yeah,” the other two replied through the cream buns they were stuffing into their mouths.
“You heard what Ms Winterbottom said yesterday,” Matilda reminded him.
“That old bag,” snarled Norton. “Who gives a toss about her?” He began circling Matilda.
“Don’t do anything silly,” she warned him, “or you’ll live to regret it.”
Norton and his mates started laughing.
“Gawn, what’s a little nerd like you gunna do to us? Hit us with ya library bag? Put a curse on us?”
He crouched down near to her and wiggled his fingers.
“I just might do that,” she replied.
Other children had gathered around by this time and were standing well back, watching. They couldn’t believe that Matilda could be this silly. The three bullies had formed a ring around her and began pushing her from one to the other, spinning her around as they did so.
Norton was shouting, “Cursey, cursey, cursey.”
Matilda had finally had enough. She closed her eyes and whispered the words that Maximilian had told her.
The bullies suddenly stopped. A pool was forming under each of them and the fronts of their trousers were soaked. They had wet themselves. The spectators began pointing and screaming with laughter. The bullies tried to find some way to hide their embarrassment by putting their hands in front of the stain, but the wee just kept coming.
“What’s goin’ on?” said a bewildered Norton. “What’s happenin’?” He was bright red in the face.
“I warned you,” said Matilda, “but you wouldn’t listen. Well, I’ll give you another warning. Every time you even think of bullying anybody, this is what will happen. Take my advice and turn yourselves into everybody’s sweet-thinking pals – or pay for it.”
At that moment Ms Winterbottom burst through the throng. She had been attracted by the noise of the crowd. She took in the spectacle and almost fainted. Recovering her composure, she screamed at the three bullies, ‘That’s the most disgusting thing I’ve ever seen. Didn’t your mothers ever toilet-train you? Norton, Cruxley, Bowtram, clean up your mess. Immediately! The rest of you go on your way.”
Bullying was never again a problem at Matilda’s school.
And in the sea, near what had been the pirates’ fort but was now sealed up forever, an eel found an opened tin of Spam outside its rocky home every week.  

###

About the Author

Burt Candy lives with his wife on board a houseboat at Lemon Tree Passage on the east coast of Australia. He has been writing children's books for over 20 years. The "Matilda and the Story Mat" trilogies are the first to be published as E-books.

Burt can be contacted at lemontreepublishing@gmail.com


