
Dedicated to Neil Peart and his band mates who provided me with hope and enjoyment when all else was grim and terrible. And to John “Ozzy” Osborn who helped me establish and clarify my religion and my love. Also, Michael ‘Trent’ Reznor who provides a backdrop for many of my more recent thoughts. My greatest thanks is to these people and countless others and those who worked with them and helped them with their art because unknown to them, they had provided their services directly to me and they did that selflessly. Oh, I buy their recordings and attend their concerts but that is such a small price to pay for such lasting entertainment that it might as well have all been a free service. For that, I am forever grateful. That being said, there is an issue that I wish to address: The fact that this story blatantly plagiarizes the late Mr. Peart and his band mates which is a condition of circumstances. Please allow me to explain: Just as the sun shines and the rain falls, the music flowing from my stereo is a gift of life just as surly as the air that I breathe. Who I’m I to discriminate for which is provided and for which is purchased? Both are important and essential and have shaped my very being. My entire life has been affected, like family, school and work has done. To pretend that Mr. Peart’s words are somehow separate from what else is spinning around in my head would be like pretending that the fragrance of a flower doesn’t rely on the medium of the atmosphere to reach my nose. Sure, this story is inspired, copied, result, offshoot, tribute, parody, caricature, distortion, imitation, satire, and above all perhaps is a gross misrepresentation of something that I love and that has brought me great joy, while being all that and so much more, it is certainly not meant to lampoon. It is merely an avenue where misplaced, beautiful things left in the attic and the backrooms of my mind found a place of exhibition in the display case of the parlor that is my imagination.
If it proves to be a ride on the coat tails of those from which it is inspired, then as a man of meager means, I will take that ride, I’ll take it and enjoy it very much thank you! P.S. please don’t sue me.



Preface


A brief Historical Overview


Our story begins in the eleventh millennium of the current era, (Late in the twenty first century if using our calendar) but on an Earth that took a much different progression in its human development. On that Earth, the modern era started with the founding of a simple, common, basic language dispersal closely followed by an established and lasting written historical record that paralleled the world-wide establishment and spread of organized agriculture that began some eleven thousand years ago. But, quite unlike the world of which you and I are familiar, the path of this development, taken by the ancients of those civilizations, was based on an official and largely universal accepted concept of cooperation and togetherness.
Oh, come on now! Not likely! A race raised on killing and butchering to keep themselves fed? Transitioning into a gentle group of lovey-dovey, peaceful souls? Ready to lay down their spears and clubs to embrace in mutually beneficial endeavors and activities? Please! Who do you think they were?
That is the question, just who were they? Ask yourself this, why did we apparently organize ourselves as rival gangs based on unceasing conquer and domination? In hindsight, it seems like a lot of unnecessary trouble, especially in a world at that time of so much open space and of apparent endless abundance.
The first bullies and killers of a typical tribe probably would have been the minority. What if they were dispatched promptly, before they established the way forward and became the most common example for the others that followed? (If that is what happened.) What if they were erased early, culled from the herd?
Perhaps they tried that, and that is what could have initially established our violent ways in the first place!
Perhaps indeed. But all it might have taken to change that paradigm might have been a slight variation, a small, subtle difference in the way it went down in that earliest of original confrontations, back in a time when the human race was small and venerable. An act of restraint instead of violence, an application of reason instead of ferocity at a key and crucial moment in the past that could have changed the pattern and the conditions for man going forward. Could all of human history hinge on someone long ago standing down instead of throwing a punch? On getting along instead of getting even? In a vast world fat with promise, with resources beyond the scope of their understanding and imagination, a world calling out to them, a world perhaps begging to be exploited, the real question could be one of just exactly how we were led astray apparently so easily in that early era?
It was a question so often pondered in our past (and even today) that we seemed to have had to invent and reinvent an entity responsible for our own behaviors (when we explore a less than purely secular view of these things) and a mythical time and place to blame and assign responsibility on him/her and to it. Adam, Eve, the Garden of Eden, the Devil and Hell, for example, using popular western mythology, and we seem to use that kind of myth to explain our devious natures and our endless and petty lusts and other discrepancies as we covet what others have and hold, perhaps as an alternative to the shame of the truth and as an excuse for failing to build our own, honest and respectable legacies. What a waste of insight and ability! More effort is probably spent wallowing in self-pity and planning for revenge within these flawed systems than was used for the general betterment of ourselves! If a fraction of that misguided determination was spent thinking things through and making solid, workable plans for the future, there would have probably been much less overall human regret and far less general resentment through the ages. Not to mention the expectation of swifter overall technical advancement. 
Oh, that’s easy for some historical armchair life-coach to point out in hindsight! But the real world comes on fast and hard, with far more complexity and intricacy, and it is not so easy to keep ahead of all that, especially on the fly and from the seat of the pants while shooting from the hip!
Exactly! That is why in the reality of what seems to be the overall prevailing aspect, time after time in our world, of the reoccurring phenomenon of the spectacle, the miracle of the lone individual, the celebration of the singular hero, the rise of the celebrity ‘star power’ and the general public’s overall historic worship of such an individual (or individuals- i.e. gods) seems in hindsight to be unusual. Wouldn’t some form of unity and consensus have been the most helpful and logical system to have embraced as our distant ancestors navigated through life? Would it be so unusual that the earliest forms of civilization could have been formed along lines of cooperation and consensus? And if it was, would it be so strange if that (or at least some form of that) could have gone on to dominate the majority of the future of human activity instead of the endless prevailing of group struggle and conflict? It might just all boil down to one ancient interaction, an argument, a disagreement, even something as petty as the look of someone else’s stupid face that set our world on the progression that we currently take for granted. The fact that it all could have likely went very different is inarguable, more than just possible, perhaps even inevitable. I invite you to explore those possibilities in a world where things did go the way of peace and togetherness (mostly) with this story



Forward


A brief Current Overview


E leven centuries since the ice sheets of the last ice age receded, and with the beginning of systematic and wide-spread agriculture, animal husbandry and the beginning of recorded history, and in this cooperative world absent of major wars, this world view couldn’t help but spawn a dizzying array technological advances based on the concept and the general commitment of striving for, when possible, consensus, and add a general embracement of mutually beneficial free trade and useful commerce, borderless travel, free speech and free will right from the beginning in this version of the modern era, and with all that, understand that the historic turning points and scientific and sociological breakthroughs came early and often as a result of this type of social environment.
Very early it was determined that only an intertwining of shared, profitable endeavors could form a system of self-regulating and self-sustaining existence that would resist and endure beyond and apart from war and fiefdom by providing a system worth more to the average citizen and useful for building the general public good and strong community than blatant national and/or racial conquest ever could. An establishment of an all-inclusive system worth defending by all for the benefit of the most people possible, irrespective and regardless of the endless tweaks and fine-tuning required for its improvement and maintenance as times constantly changed and as technologically continues to advance.
Collective efforts were found to flow only from the actions of self-interested individuals and therefor fell short of the promised potential and were eventually abandoned. The profit motive (yes, even with its winners and losers) was discovered to be the most efficient and the most capable of providing an uninterrupted flow of goods and services as they are needed and promise the best chance of continuous technological advancement and were found to be the most accessible for successive generations of new, ground-floor investors and the best means for constant and reliable upward mobility which better met the unleashing of the ambitions of all involved individuals more efficiently and accurately than trying to meet those needs in advance with central planning and dictate controls.
Monopolies and tariffs were savagely discouraged (in this version of the world) with legal consequences approaching the levels of a capital offence. No matter what the product or endeavor, the ‘better mousetrap’ concept proved to reigned supreme, and due to strong regulation, judicial oversight and active societal involvement, the developed world by these current, modern times, shined like a diamond of technical prowess and practical management that is obvious to everyone.
So many missteps were prevented with the advent of strong, local zoning and, when required, thorough and robust oversight planning. Without large military expenditures dragging down general public innovation and the larger economy overall, the scale and importance of public infrastructure became the expected calling and the main toil of government and coupled with the willing assistance of an advanced university system, these entities are tailored and positioned to work together to feed the thriving private sector.
Centuries of careful, long-term planning and generations of self-motivated and self-organized labor activities achieved cities and recreational areas so fantastic that it is almost beyond the scope of this author to fully describe with due justice the splendor that had been eventually achieved.
Robust education, along with practical, organized and advanced mental and social health systems, ensured by continuous, relentless and vigilant managerial attention, effectively warded off problems as they arose and provided a constant flow of ‘new blood’ into the civilization’s social and business systems. The ‘regulated capitalist’ system that had been developed and perfected in this world over the centuries gave hope and opportunity to the ambitious and security to the working classes (if that is their contention) and worked to ambitiously couple all of that with as easy as possible access to markets of financial speculation and other investment opportunities that provided working capital for corporations and allowed marketable, proven, solid retirement funding and conscious end of life care for all concerned.
So many questionable advancements and technological dead-ends were prevented and leapfrogged with the insertion of powerful regulators and regulation boards that were employed to prevent needless and/or runaway development by utilizing constant, lively and thorough expert debate and, by modern times, time-honored and thoroughly developed consensus used at nearly all developmental steps of each large, capital project.
The result of such planning? Historic waypoints such as the entire steam age were literally bypassed (at least the piston aspect of that era) as planning boards, after thorough review and debate, found that turbines promised (and proved) to be more efficient. Wired communications were quickly bypassed in their infancy as the promise of microwave repeating systems (cell phones) were recognized as superior (far less physical infrastructure) and their development with the help of government grants and other incentives was fast-tracked shortly after the system’s initial invention, and their perfection was further accelerated using a scientifically scrutinized ‘best use’ program for the actual physical components and hardware distribution decisions.
Automobiles advanced only as a rural novelty, largely a product of shade tree, backyard, home-spun workshops as mass transit in the form of personal pods filled that niche in the developed areas and whisked you and your cargo/luggage/tools automatically and privately from your front door to switching yards where the computer linked and satellite directed personal pod units are connected together and with the driving details under automatic control that left you free to prep, primp, study, network or sleep until you near your destination, and at that time, your personal pod then splits off to dock at your building’s parking area. The thought of controlling your own transportation device was considered absurd, except perhaps for some cargo trucking operations outside of the established controlled corridors or something required for extreme wilderness exploration or for some country-class adventurer who might be followed on some social media platform as entertainment, but considered an unwarranted chore for most people and certainly something that appears dangerous with the constant attention to control that certainly seemed to be required to operate such a contraption. (Yikes!)
More recently in this modern era, world travel was considered mostly unnecessary and rather pointless as immersive 3D media rooms became widely available to the public, but such vanity adventures did still attract a fair share of well-off and mostly retired people who had the time and money for that kind of lifestyle. But even those trips are usually an excursion of a combination of ships and pod trains because air travel never really took off, (pun intended) in part because the lack of world conflict failed to advance the technology on the industrial scale required. Although aircraft do exist and are developed to a high degree, their use is limited to important, essential missions because despite the time saved with their use, consider that high altitude flying involves travelling in near sub-zero temperatures and in extreme low air pressures, it is generally considered a foolhardy way of travel if it can be avoided by using some other more grounded means.
Bearing in mind those basic aspects, the appeal of air travel for the general public was extremely limited. In fact, those world leaders and other dignitaries that did travel that way were rightly considered to be brave and heroic, and in the rare occasion when things did go wrong and an aircraft did crash, it was news beyond horrific that spread like wild fire, causing justification for even the bravest dignitaries to cancel their planned flights and use other means if it is at all possible. The stigma was so great that whenever a plane flew overhead, people on the ground would cringe. Only the reckless, perhaps those with a death wish, (and there are some) would entertain the idea of riding in, or especially, piloting an aircraft.
Large families at this time in this world are rare, reserved mostly for those in rural areas where the need for family labor still existed. (At least symbolically by this advanced era.) With so many aspects of life professionally managed, the need for children for elder care or with the hope that one child might strike it rich, benefitting the entire family, became virtually unnecessary. In fact, with organized religion and rival nationalism never making much of a foothold in the modern version of this world, the concept of sex only for procreation, to ‘out breed’ your rivals, (or whatever “go forth and multiply” really meant) was a concept that failed, at least in modern times, to be of much importance. Instead, sex at this time in this world was more of a straightforward affair, not requiring much of a social commitment if practiced safely and honestly. Basic physical sexual understanding was taught clinically at an appropriate age as part of the regular education and in the health system and rarely produced unwanted pregnancy because, frankly, ‘external technics’ were not predisposed to be considered awkward or with any unnecessary prejudice or taboo. But regardless, such things were certainly considered private to all but the lewd and vulgar.
Teaching physical understanding and putting the general knowledge of ‘external technics’ aside, (sorry people, this isn’t that kind of story) this was a culture probably far less sex-crazed then ours. The disgust and repugnance towards human exploitation in any form largely prevented the establishment of overt pornography and/or houses of ill repute to take much of a hold here, (except for some involved in the most seedy and secret sects) at least in these modern times. But that doesn’t mean people of this world and age didn’t know how to have fun. Parks and wilderness areas were just a short pod ride away from the cities with hiking trails or lakesides that are readily available to get some fresh air and needed exercise, and to provide a setting for some intimacy where the hope to snuggle with your sweetheart might blossom.
Hobbies and other special interests occupied the free time of these people and often filled the coffers of all sorts of specialty shops from such joyful patronage. In general, shopping filled a niche by providing instant gratification and a change of scenery for those suffering from boredom. Online shopping never really took off, although it was common to research a purchase from your home data base system as you would do with any other work or school research, but deliveries were considered a service for the infirmed for anything less than outsized items and came with a restrictive cost premium for able-bodied people.
By far the most popular entertainment venues are the holographic, 3D “Immersive Halls” located in almost every neighborhood and on a smaller scale, in many upscale private homes. But the most popular are the public establishments because it is here where people meet or make friends and together they experience a lifelike and somewhat overwhelming visual, interactive entertainment salvo, much like a movie except here you can interact and effect the action if you wish, or just sit back and enjoy the show. All types of immersive genres are available: action, adventure, drama, romance, comedy and, of course, horror. But the main attraction is not only that you can watch, but you can interact, act as the hero or the villain if you wish, but you had better be careful! There are built-in algorithms just waiting to be sprung on you. Jumping up to impress your date by attempting to slay the hated villain could find your image instantly re-generated and added to the show while your actual form is digitally masked away temporarily from the other guests, with your new image free to be stabbed, shot, lit on fire, squashed or otherwise killed, and that is if you’re lucky because the virtual actors in the show are often equipped with an array of snappy comebacks and even degrading insults to unleash on you before you digitally disappear or, as in some of the more racy productions, your digital image may even be used in some horribly degrading action (a scene from the movie Deliverance might come to mind) which your friends will have no problem recording on their hand-held devices and share with all of your other friends. You quickly learn you are taking a social risk if you act up in one of these productions, but it is all in good fun.
These Immersive Rooms largely take the place of bars and clubs in this world, especially understandable because alcohol and drugs had been effectively eradicated many generations before, at least in the cities and among the educated. (Pockets of ‘backwardness’ remain in remote areas and this is perhaps another and more hidden reason why large-scale world travel is less than encouraged.)
Daily commuting is a concept largely foreign to this world. Instead, workstations provide for overnight accommodations if they are remotely located. The thought of wasting such a large part of each and every day stuck in travel would be considered absurd. While the littlest children return home from local schools to their parents each day, that practice lessens as children grow: Weekends for elementary students, monthly in secondary school, and finally for finishing school and university students (considered adults in the eyes of the state) visits are coordinated (or not) with the ample vacation time granted such students. Ample yearly vacation being a generous system that continues into adult employment.
On the surface and in practical application, all this thoughtful planning has successfully wielded fantastic results that can be looked upon with personal pride and justified contentment. They have built here a strong and loyal connection and a reciprocated obedience to the state because they have taken care of everything; the words they read, the songs they sing, the pictures that give pleasure to their eyes. It’s one for all and all for one, they work together, daughters and sons, they never need to wonder how or why. Look around at this world they have made, equality their stock and trade. The mysteries of the world are unraveled behind the scenes, by the Elders in the hallowed halls of the Temple Complex of each major city, the very gifts of life are held within those ornate walls. What a nice contended world, let the banners be unfurled!

Or, so it would seem.



Your place in life is where you want to be.
If you find your life is locked,
know that you hold the key.
Marvel at those who have brought
the wonders of the world that we have sought.
For we found out long ago
that begging hands and bleeding hearts
only cry out for more.
So, we live for ourselves
because there is no one else
worth living for.
This is our life, this our kind,
anything else is a funeral dirge
for eyes gone blind.
If you are told that selfishness is wrong,
remined them that it is for us and not them
that we sing this song.

The Anthem Song,
sung by elementary school children at the start of each day.



Chapter One


Milt ended the video call with some anxiety. Instead of sharing his usual nearly unbridled enthusiasm, his father expressed concern (if not downright worry) about this research assignment even though he tried his best to conceal it. Sure, it is a remote location, and there will be the danger of air travel involved but, his father’s concern hinted at something deeper, something unspoken. A concern beyond the realm of the ordinary, as if he sensed something troubling, something below the surface. Milt would have probably just forgot about it if it weren’t for the fact that along these lines his father usually has uncanny instincts. Milt could be misreading what he sensed. Maybe his father is generally concerned only of the danger involved in the travel and the remote location of the field station where Milt will spend the short ‘summer’ season. (Summer being some eleven weeks of howling winds and an average temperature hovering around forty below zero.) But Milt won’t fool himself, he could see plainly that his father’s concern was of a deep-seated nature. Milt himself sensed some other troubling concerns, some additional oddities. Some, as we might say, Freudian slips: The wavering eye contact as the details of the expedition were explained. The incomplete information of the briefing packet. The vague reporting system to be used as the results are recorded. “Don’t worry about that! They will have all of that ready by the time you need it.” What did that mean? And who are “They”? Milt had already sensed the presence of some overall underlying hidden agenda with the assignment. His father’s reaction only seemed to reinforce his own growing suspicions.
Suspicions and concerns aside, this trip could be the research mission of the century and Milt’s involvement could make (or break) his career. And for such a recent graduate, regardless of his outstanding grades and his brilliant term papers, it was quite an honor to have been chosen. So much so that he had heard some grumbling rumors of possible favoritism, which in this era of verboten nepotism, and in a world of a publicly steadfast, anti-monopolistic business climate, Milt knew he had to squash such talk and prove himself with unquestionable hard work and with a solid academic performance.
Milt had started his academic career by breaking into the ground floor of the exciting (to him at least) new field of gas spectrometry (which breaks down scientific samples precisely to their basic elements) which had recently been combined with dendroclimatology (the study and cataloging of historic tree ring growth) and the cataloging of the chemical signatures of marine sediments (the chemistry of long-dead, mostly microscopic animal shells) all used in this case to unlock data concerning climates of the distant past. Milt will be analyzing information stored in the gas bubbles trapped for centuries in ancient ice.
The coring of glacier ice in the area of a place that we call Greenland, promises to yield data of the climate composition dating back through several ice ages, to a time as far back as perhaps seven hundred thousand years, which (in the more recent times at least) will be compared to the existing dendroclimatic record and ancient marine sediment samples for a true and accurate record of the exact chemical composition of the atmosphere of the planet at each past time frame studied, and then that will be compared to the written historical records (when possible) of past weather that had been painstakingly recorded during the whole of the more recent human history.
On this Earth, man has had quite a jump ahead of us regarding recorded scientific records. Temperature records began being recorded (with rather crude equipment) nearly six thousand years ago and with somewhat more useful accuracy beginning at around a thousand years after that initial start time. A more-or-less global scale of records was achieved (due to the upsurge of world trade also beginning at about that same time) after another thousand years had passed. Barometric pressure readings started to be added to those records at about thirty-five hundred years ago but became global at a much faster rate because world trade had already connected the world much more completely by that time.
But the riddle and the mystery Milt and a handful of other colleagues were drawn to is the fact that astrometry and astrophysics plainly show that the eccentric orbit of the Earth around the Sun and the ‘wobble’ of the axis of the rotation of the Earth itself, show that the planet should have entered a cooling phase regarding the actual solar radiation absorption (the amount of sunlight) should be declining beginning some three thousand years ago. But data gleaned from careful observations, backed-up with dendroclimatic tree ring data and marine sediment study, show that the opposite seems to be in effect. Milt is harboring a bold theory (and probably largely unknown, because his work remains unpublished, and because of the fact that he has not heard of anyone else purposing such a theory) that carbon is being released into the atmosphere due to the burning of fossil fuels in industry and for energy production faster than it can be naturally absorbed back into the planet, trapping heat under an atmospheric greenhouse effect where the heat is reflected back to the planet surface from that excessive atmospheric carbon build-up. Milt and his team should be able to solve this mystery by analyzing the chemical make-up of trapped gases over thousands of years of accumulated snowfall in ice cores recovered by deep arctic core drilling, in which examples of each year are laid down in the distant past, season after season, each level yielding verifiable information trapped in gas bubbles of that arctic ice and waiting to be analyzed.
Milt has successfully managed to put his initial apprehensions of this trip (apprehensions apparently shared with his father) temporarily aside as he packs his kit and makes a list of what he might still need to purchase. Still, in the back of his mind as he keeps busy, those apprehensions have not completely disappeared: Vague second guessing is all it is! Like I’m supposed to know how this should all be happening. It’s my first expedition! Like I’m supposed to know how everyone should act and talk. I’m probably worried about nothing!
The video link in his apartment signals an incoming call. Milt checks the call I.D. Crap! Now he has something real to worry about!
“Lekki, … I was just about to call you…”
“Don’t give me that crap! Were you ever going to get around to telling me that you are shipping out?”
“I just found out…”
“You damn liar! You’ve known for weeks!”
“It hasn’t been official until…”
“Doesn’t matter! You’re a damn bastard and a jerk and a rake and an asshole and…” etc., etc. This abuse went on for a long time and Milt felt that he deserved it.
Lekki has been the model girlfriend. She has been patient and supportive and understanding. She is pretty enough; too pretty, which gives Milt no excuse. After he graduated, they were supposed to get married. That was the deal! His parents knew it, her parents knew it, all their friends knew it, everybody knew it! Everybody wanted that. Milt wanted that, or so he thought. But as graduation came and went, Milt just kept finding one excuse after another and he didn’t even understand exactly why. He will never find anyone better than Lekki, he knows that, she knows that, everyone knows that! But when this expedition entered the picture, Milt felt as if a weight had been lifted from his shoulders. This excursion would give him time to think. But he won’t be thinking of how he would be getting out of the marriage plans; he would be trying to figure out why he was resisting in the first place. He loved Lekki, loved her more than anything, and thought of her with someone else made him crazy, like an animal.
Milt is young. Lekki is all the true love he has ever known. An older man [like me] would look at this young man and know exactly what was happening. It’s laughable! If I was there, watching him struggle with this call, hearing him stammer and bulk, I would understand completely his spinning thoughts and his searching mind, and all I would be able to do is shake my head and grin. Almost all men have went through the vexations of cold feet. It’s not rational, it’s not even completely explainable. Let’s just hope that Milt has the good sense to resist this madness. As a man gets older, the chances of another such blessed, golden opportunity become less and less until you realize, on one sad day, that the last such opportunity has forever passed. [I know!]
“…It’s just that I want everything to be perfect. Without any work distractions invading my attention, then my focus will be on you and me, … and nothing more, … I promise!”
“Really?”
“Of course, Lek baby!... I love you sooo much… When I get back I’ll be offered tenor, or a position with an established firm with a huge salary, I’m telling you sweet pea, I’ll be able to write my own ticket and give you the life you deserve, …” etc., etc. [It looks like Milt decided not to pass on his golden opportunity- smart boy!]



Chapter Two


The cargo ship followed the ice breaker into the ‘ice free’ harbor (technically not quite completely ice free just yet, at least so far for this season) after almost a month of rolling and tumbling out on the open ocean in a manner that had Milt hugging the toilet for what seemed to be most of that time. I hope I never see another ship as long as I live! That thought would be short lived because waiting on a smoothed-over slab of ice is something that might make that ship a welcome travel alternative after all: The aircraft that will take him and two others: Jek, a rough and tumble oil man, hired to run the core drilling equipment and a Dr. Hast, the specialist in charge of the logistics protocols and the physical cataloging of the ice cores. Milt is to be in charge of the actual, on-site, gas-spectrometer operation. (Really the heart of the mission is analyzing the cores on-the-spot because transporting anything more than a small sample of ice by air would be nearly impossible due to the drastic air cargo weight restrictions, and the only alternative would involve a ground transport slog of over a thousand miles across unpredictable, stacked and jammed together slabs of slowly moving glacier pack ice, several miles thick, and would require the use of some sort of portable refrigeration equipment to ensure the purity and the stability of the ice samples during that transport, and all of that would be logistically impractical.)
“Call me Doc” said Hast to Milt as he tossed his kit into a compartment under the floor of the tiny four passenger aircraft.
“Is this your first flight?” Milt’s deer-in-the-headlights look, and his somewhat green complexion answered the question for him.
“Ha! ... Hey Cappy, … we got a ‘Sky Virgin’ here” said Dr. Hast to the pilot with a laugh. “Cappy” who seemed to have a permanent, thousand-yard stare on his scarred, chiseled, weather beaten face replied without turning his head from his intense stare at some weather on the distant horizon and through clenched teeth he said:
“Put ‘em in da front wit me.”
Gear stowed, bundled up in snow suits and parkas, the four men were crammed into the tiny, brightly yellow painted aircraft.
“That’s so they can see us if we crash” explained Jek about the yellow paintjob, but he quickly added with a laugh, “Don’t worry, if we crash, no one’s gunna find us.” Is that supposed to make me feel better? Thought Milt. A stupid question.
Even with all the cold weather gear, Milt was shivering.
“You feel cold now, you ain’t seen nutt’n yet” Exclaimed Cappy, who must have noticed his shivering. Cold? Yeah, it’s cold, damn cold! But that’s not why Milt is shaking, in fact he is sweating bullets! The thought of flying, especially in this tiny joke of an aircraft, had him shaking and perspiring at the same time, all in the clammy cold sweat of resolute fear.
For Milt, time seems to have slowed to a crawl in his current state of hypersensitivity. Jek and Doc have edged forward in the rear seats, apparently just to keep an eye on Milt as if he is an important form of much needed entertainment. Cappy also looks his way and rolls his eyes at the Sky Virgin before he starts flipping switches and adjusting nobs and dials.
The plane itself is not surprisingly much different than something from our world as it is built for utilitarian proposes and as such, the craft is equipped very much like something we might see in our world with big windows and a main wing mounted above the seating capsule so that it doesn’t interfere with the view of the ground. But the biggest surprise, and something completely unexpected for Milt is the fact that this craft is to be pulled through air by a rather wimpy looking fan blade (a propeller) mounted to the front of the craft.
Aircraft being rare, Milt has never seen one up close before, and the ones flying high above the cities are mostly liners of the turbojet variety. It might be hard to grasp, but it is a fact that aircraft just don’t capture the imaginations of the public here in this version of the world. Without much interest in picture books or scale models of aircraft, there is just too little exposure to such a thing. They have the same sort of appeal to the imagination that a wheelchair might have in our world; a necessary and utilitarian device, but nothing much to captivate the imagination and trigger any wonder. Milt had never even imagined that an aircraft could be pulled forward by the blades of a fan. Luckily, his possible approaching panic attack is suddenly shattered by the whine of the turbine engine and the spell of the blur and the roar of the that now suddenly spinning propeller.
Sweating, with his heart pounding right out of his chest, Milt is nearly overcome with anxiety, and waiting here for these long minutes of the just pointlessly running of the engine doesn’t help. (People who have never seen a plane and that have never operated an automobile have a hard time grasping the need for machinery to have a need to warm up to a normal operating temperature.)
Milt is really having a tough time right now. He had no idea how loud this machine would be. He barely understands that there will be a roll out (ski out actually) before they lift off and he seems only to have grasped that fact because they face a thousand feet or so of smooth, graded ice in front of them. But it is the unexplained wait and the fact that it is too loud now to ask about any details, and all of that has him on the verge of a panic. Finally, Cappy guns the engine and what was before just a deafening roar changes pitch into an earsplitting scream. The machine hunkers down on its shock absorbing struts into sort of a squat but otherwise it solidly stays put.
“Dammit!” Cappy says as he throttles back the engine.
“Look Virgin, we got rock this bird around to break the grip of the ice, were frozen down” and without further ado, Cappy guns the engine again and they all start violently rocking back and forth in their seats. Milt is slow to catch on so Cappy shouts over the noise.
“No dammit! Get in time with the rest of us! ... that’s better! ... come on, … come on, … shit! ... It’s no fucking good!” He throttles back once again and what was a deafening noise suddenly now seems almost quiet and gentle. Cappy is bent over now, fiddling with some piece of equipment strapped down under the seats. Whatever he is retrieving it lets go with a “clang.”
“Here ya go Virg,” This new nickname is already wearing thin! Cappy hands him a large, steel pry bar.
“Take dis an wedge it under the skis and lever dem up to break um free…, got dat?”
Milt takes the bar and nods his understanding.
“Well git go’n boy!... We keep screw’n around we gunna be low on fuel!” Milt scans the door and it is obvious he is not sure of the latch.
“Fuck me too tears!” Cappy yells as he reaches across his lap, pulls the latch and pushes Milt out and as he falls to the ice outside in a heap, the three still in the plane start laughing their asses off at Milt’s expense. Damn fucking bunch of fucking jerk wads mumbles Milt as he digs the crowbar under the ski and works it around. Finally, he gets the right bite and with a creek and a snap, one ski in lose. He moves around the tail of the plane and is surprised at the thrust that little fan packs as the force nearly knocks him over, and that is just with the engine at an idle. He works and wiggles the bar once again and when this one let go, the craft begins to slide away!
“Come on ya damn lilly-green sky virgin, start running, we can’t stop an re-freeze, now can we?” Yells Cappy. It’s not gunna re-freeze that fast! Thinks Milt as runs up, grabs at the seat, and hosts himself in to join a crew that is red in the face with tears in their eyes from laughing so hard. Cappy mercifully stifles his laughter just long enough to flip the lose seatbelt into his lap and he says,
“Latch up an cinch ’em down tight, it’s gunna get rough!” Seconds later, the laughter had stopped, and Milt is thinking; He wasn’t kidding! Now they were travelling at what seems to be faster than any pod train he had ever been on and the violent bouncing and skipping has Milt digging his fingertips into the arm rests of his seat with stinging sweat pouring into his wide open eyes (he wanted to close them tight but he was afraid it could look like that he might start bawling, so he left them wide open in total, petrifying fear) as his mind screamed were going to die-were going to die-were going to die- as the end of the ice strip quickly and dangerously approached in a vibrating blur. Closer and closer the end appeared until the jagged spoil piles of ‘extra’ ice, bulldozed off in a mound off the end of strip, loomed large and menacing. Then it happened, they were rewarded, bestowed with smooth, peaceful, blessed, flight as the craft lifted into the air. The relief was like rapture. The feeling was so exquisite that Milt felt compelled to release an extended, top volume cowboy hoot:
“YYYEEEEEEEE-HHHAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWW!!!”
Laughter broke out once again but this time it wasn’t necessarily at him, it was with him and it included a slap on the back from Doc Hast. When was the last time I felt such release?  Thought Milt. Oh, that’s right. Guilt washed over Milt as the memory that came to mind held such power that he felt a little sick, and not motion sickness this time. But he was glad about this ‘sickness,’ this realization, a feeling that he had not expected. Now it was all crystal clear. What a fool I’ve been! He had never felt such clarity, such perfect focused resolve. Now this dangerous, foolhardy ride in this frail, fragile little winged eggbeater could be more or less enjoyed, and this little scientific expedition could be focused on with vigor and stamina because Milt has found peace. He has seen the light. He knows what is important and what is ahead, and he welcomes it all with eager abandon. Because the last time he felt such a weight lifted from him was when this trip was first purposed. Now, events have shown him the answer to the question that has been personally bothering him as he somehow knew it would. It is all so simple! What a lucky man I am!
Too noisy for conversation, Milt glanced about at his coworkers with gracious admiration. The jerks that were flipping him shit just a short time ago, were now, once again, fellow members of the brotherhood of man. Now that he had discovered his calling, his place in the world, never again would he be at such a loss. No matter the situation or the humiliation, his clarity and focus renders all other men mere objects to be pitied, because of his sudden realization, he understands now that no one can have it any better than him.
The sun breaks through the clouds and for a moment it is reflected back from the jagged ice below like the sparkle of diamonds. Like the diamond I will bring back to my sweet Lekki. Somehow the danger and the action of that takeoff and flight had cleared his mind and brought on the realization of what is important and has shaken away his doubts: The thought of a future with Lekki as his wife became comfortable, natural and important, as he knew all along it should be. Somehow this flight was the kick in the ass that he needed.
It was probable a good thing that Milt found himself in this euphoric, enlightened state so early in this flight because it may have masked some certain other, less than positive aspects of such a trip. Such as the fact that there is a point of no return concerning their fuel window. Which meant that at a certain point they were committed to pressing on to their destination regardless of the weather going on there once they arrived for landing. (Or any other issues that might come up for that matter.) And there were certain other aspects of air travel in this version of the world that we would definitely find troubling, such as: lack of satellite weather information, lack of emergency landing strips, a total absence of rescue or search aircraft should they be forced down, hardly enough survival gear to last even one night, (the weight restrictions were so severe that any hope of worthwhile cargo delivery of any meaningful capacity negated including any survival gear much beyond a single blanket, a small first aid kit and a canteen) the absence of modern, terrain following radar equipment, (sorry folks, without large scale war driving such technology, most things of that nature just languished in some inventor’s notebook, if at all) even ‘skip’ capable short wave radio, (a technic that bounces radio signals off of the lower atmosphere that dramatically increases the effective range) in use since the 1920s on our Earth, was just a theory here. What they did have was a radio receiver system that they could use to locate a homing beacon signal and a low power (by our standards) two-way radio that they could get last minute weather and approach information. But even that kind of crucial back and forth communication lacked standardization and discipline, which taken all together left much to be desired for anything resembling ‘safe’ air travel. For example, … well, let’s just play the transcript. Oh, wait a minute, … since there is no flight data recorder, there are no transcripts. But by using the magic of fiction, here’s how it went down:
“Drill Base-Drill Base-Drill Base, this is Cappy-Cappy-Cappy, I should be receiving the [beacon] tone by now. Do you hear me?”
“This is Drill Base, Shit Cappy, ... I forgot to turn the damn thing on! Sorry ‘bout dat!” After a few moments:
“Drill Base this is Cappy, I’m locked on the tone. It’s a good thing too, I was ten degrees off target! That would have had me flying back over the ocean before long!”
“Ha-ha-ha Cappy, you would have been fucked!”
“And dead!”
“Ya, that too! Ha-ha-ha.”
“Look, Drill Base, how about a weather update?”
“Sure Cappy, give me a minute while I step outside for a looksee.” (He is not kidding! Besides temperature, windspeed and wind direction, and basic barometric pressure readings, stepping outside and looking up at the sky was the best, and only accurate information available.) After several minutes:
“Well Cappy, your gunna want ta approach from the south. We gots a pretty nasty blizzard come’n in from the north. How far away are ya?”
“Oh, abouts a half hour or so.”
“I suggest ya pour on da coals or ya might be land’n in da thick of it.”
FYI, they did land (hard) in the thick of it. But as pilots say no matter what world they’re in: “Any landing that you can walk away from is a good landing.”




Chapter Three


While the state of the art of air travel has in many ways remained at an infant level in this world, (at least with regards to these wilderness hinterland expeditions) and even in light of the fact that an atmospheric greenhouse effect regarding a world-wide, general temperature increase is a recent and basically unknown scientific theory, other aspects of science had taken great strides quite early in the human condition here with perhaps the greatest bypass being the leapfrogged social aspect of this world concerning organized religion, or more accurately, the lack of organized religion.
Very early in this version of history, and thanks to the very early discovery of parabolic glass lenses making telescopes and microscopes commonly available thousands of years earlier when compared to our world, the path of the investigations of the origins of life remained mostly grounded in the secular rather than the mystic.
The fact that solar radiation had bombarded the planet relentlessly before the formation of an ozone layer, and with the understanding that this radiation is a powerful energy source, the logical starting point for unraveling the origins of life basically began there. (I am grossly over-simplifying things here for the appellation of brevity.)
People of science made early breakthroughs determining that primitive bacteria’s ability to harness the volatile reactive nature of radiation from the sun and turn it into an energy source which eventually led to more advanced life forms that emitted another volatile reactive element as a waste by-product: oxygen, that (and so much more here that it would warrant volumes of additional text for any real understanding) started a path of inquiry that effectively by-passed the realms of the supernatural and magic for explaining such things.
Discoveries of the similarities between the natural formation of long-strain chains of polymer proteins, and the formation of chains of microconidia DNA, utilizing the existence of photon replication (i.e. optical reflection) combined with the development of cell wall membranes triggered by something as simple as the phenonium of liquid surface tension in the forming of gas bubbles, and the fact that life had already utilized one volatile (radiation) for another (oxygen) as an energy source, human understanding of the advanced, complex intricacies of the origins of life became the stuff of primary school curriculum very early in this culture. So early in fact that it may have stifled some of this culture’s curiosity and initiative by rendering such inquisitive behavior merely just another boring school subject, of little use for daily life in the real world. (Like advanced mathematics have become in our world.)
This long established, secular outlook had spawned other sobering social realities. The most obvious perhaps might be the prevalent mindset of a human supremacy resulting in a nearly raging, rampant form of individualism that has led to many less than subtle expressions, such as the Anthem Song. (Previously reproduced before Chapter One.)
But like our culture, this world has had many excursions down the road of collective socialism. But unlike our world (although this could be endlessly debatable) these poisons (their words) were put down early and relentlessly. (Collective socialism in this world is defined as a system and a movement as the anthem song suggests; “a funeral dirge for eyes gone blind.”) The overwhelming consensus is that no one can better choose, guide or understand what is best and suitable for each person than that person themself. It is creed and a doctrine not to be taken lightly. By many a measure, all that is education and what is defined as life experience is geared for a success in one’s personal decisions. Failures (of which there are many) is taken and understood as a personal demerit. As punishing and as cruel as that sounds, it is not something generally lorded over or held against people, just a fact and an aspect of living your life. In fact, it is the pride of this culture that the many personal and business opportunities available here allows one to repeatedly pick themselves up, dust themselves off and try again. But it is understood that it is expected that there should be some learning and adjusting at each failed juncture. In fact, a perfect, unblemished personal history is looked upon as suspicious, a sign of behind-the-scenes ‘string pulling’ and not only are things like that fervently frowned upon, but the hint of such behaviors can ruin one socially and can be the death knell of a career in their version of what we might describe as “cancel culture.”
But what does all this have to do with Milt’s research? That remains to be seen. But, in a world of such strongly established, overreaching social constructs and paradigms, where everyone is so sure and certain about nearly everything, (especially those controlling academia) a big, new overarching, grand, all-embracing, world-changing paradigm-shifting theory concerning climate change (or just about anything else) just might run into some hurtles. (To say the least!)
While Milt and his father’s apprehensions certainly may be justified just because of the dangers of air travel and the harsh reality of remote, arctic outpost living, there might be other, less obvious forces arrayed against him. But Milt has banished all such concerns from his thoughts. Wrapped-up in his work, bonding with his expedition mates, busy with the daily data recording of the gas spectrometry results which are bundled together in a report to be promptly sealed and sent out with each weekly cargo flight, (Milt finds it strange that they demanded weekly updates instead of a published, theoretic paper at the end of the expedition. Which, by all rights, at least the gas spectrometry portion, should have been authored by him as the lead researcher of that aspect.) A little demeaning and insulting if you were to ask me! but they must have their reasons. Whoever ‘they’ are[?] This aspect of ‘they’ has still not been made clear. Some combination of the university and the business interests that have helped provide the funding imagines Milt. It shouldn’t be an issue because Milt has made thorough notes and has his own copies of the gas spectrometry data and he wasn’t forced into any non-disclosure agreements, so it really shouldn’t matter, but still it bugs him. Probably because I’m a young nobody he tells himself when he has time to think, which, due to all the busy work of keeping the equipment working, the generators fueled and the food prepared and the other chores to be kept up with, there is little time left to think, and when there is, his thoughts drift towards Lekki. Oh, my sweet Lek, how I miss you!... If only I could get some privacy around here! [External technics?]   




Chapter Four


The doorbell rings yet again. Lekki answers with an airy “Who is it?” She knows damn well who it is; Jem, the boy next door. Considerably younger than her, Jem has been crushing on her for years, since even before his voice had changed. She has made it crystal clear that she is going with someone, engaged even, but she feels comfortable with Jem. A friend, perhaps her best friend and she overlooks his somewhat awkward and often less than subtle advances. Just harmless flirting, practicing for when he meets his own girl, she tells herself. Although she finds it flattering, especially since Jem has grown up and filled out so, … so, … ‘completely.’
“Hey Lek, I thought we could hit that high trail at the park today, … you know, the one that goes to the ruins. I’ll bring a lunch, like a picnic.” The goofy young man towers over Lekki as he speaks with the infectious, engaging smile of an exited kid who has not a hint of social hesitation because he knows exactly what he wants to do today. My, he has grown so tall, and so many muscles!
“I’ll carry the food, … I’ll carry everything!” Says Jem as he lobbies Lekki with playful last words that blatantly hint at his physical prowess. A tactic that works as Lekki thinks: Carrying everything should not be a problem for this guy!
“Okay-okay Jem, but no funny business! (He has tried before to kiss her- twice!)
“I promise” he says with playful, comic shame.
“I really just want to explore those ruins” he’s lying and Lekki knows it, but she is used to Jem’s shameless flirting and is bored enough that the thought of some exploring sounds intriguing.
“There used to be a castle up there, with a buried treasure” he says in his trademark, overly enthusiastic way, to seal the deal so to speak, another tactic that also seems to work.

Lekki is devoted to Milt, he is a catch. He is handsome, (but not so naturally buff like Jem, that boy is a freak of nature) he is smart, with a demeaner and social talent well beyond his years. He is going places. But his resistance to marrying her has left its wound, regardless of his smooth, soothing talk when she calls him out on it. (It has happened more than that one time.) She doesn’t understand the natural, male resistance to being pinned down and fenced in. An un-avoidable aspect of marriage, at least for the male. Why can’t Milt be freer and more open, you know, oblivious, like Jem? Lekki doesn’t realize what a dangerous thought that is. Words and concepts such as “free, open” and especially “oblivious” easily and subtly translate into realities such as thoughtless and stupid! How many women have fallen into that trap? Boyish charm turns into a wish that he would just grow up. Lack of education and focus turns into limited career opportunities. It is a cruel fact that a boy like Jem, being her junior and so naturally handsome, will eventually lead to him running off with a younger woman while she is left with fading looks and a house full of kids. Ya, but what a ride! [Can’t argue with that!]
But since Milt went away, Lekki may be dealing with her own female version of cold feet. Just a hint of resistance to marriage can trigger (and justify) an exploring of a girl’s options, even if it is just in fantasy. For Lekki, Milt has also really been her first ‘true’ love as well. She may have hidden it better, but she also found herself relieved at Milt’s leaving. She may be committed to remaining faithful to Milt but that hasn’t discouraged gentlemen callers from displaying their attention and affection. She may have drawn the line at receiving such men at her apartment, (except for Jem, which could be an example of a convenient exercise in self-deception) but at the office where she works, at the shopping mall, at the supermarket and at the pod terminal, she has found herself drawn into extended conversations and has excepted business cards in a manner she never would have if Milt hadn’t left. And as for this day trip of hiking with Jem? Well, … it might be best to keep that private. And later, as Jem effortlessly leads the way up this quiet (i.e. private) hiking trail, and as she marvels at the fit of his trousers and the sway of his gait, guided by the natural, athletic, mindless posture of an example of a human specimen too young and fresh to have been beaten down by life, too new to have been hurt and broken by others, a clean slate, or, better yet, a lump of clay to be molded to conform, to be personalized, to be, … to be, … Whew! ... this hiking has me feeling flush! [Ya, ... keep telling yourself it’s the “hiking” Lekki.]
There is nothing wrong with a little daydreaming. Nothing is going to happen. Jem’s just a sweet, scatter-brained kid. All it will take is another attractive female hiker with a plunging neckline and his attention towards Lekki will turn quicker than a jack rabbit. (She had seen a jack rabbit earlier, just off the trail.) We’re going to have some food, (the hiking has augmented her appetite) have some laughs, pick through some ancient ruins, all in good clean fun.
She lets her head clear and the sounds of the wind in the trees and the songs of the birds replace a train of thought that she is already rather ashamed of, and in that new clarity, shafts of golden sunbeams dance their rays through the flittering canopy above her, as if it is a cathedral ceiling spanning the loftiness above her. She imagines a wedding under such a bower. Her mind runs wild, races with thoughts of music and tuxedos, of flowing dresses, of fancy set tables overflowing with gourmet food, (she may hungrier than she realized) Her thoughts are broken as Jem turns to her with his goofy (but handsome) smile. It is as if he is reading her mind and furthermore, it is as if he agrees and approves of that wedding scene. What a strange thought. A chill and a glow flow across her body simultaneously as shadows and sunbeams trade for her attention as she passes through it all. What a perfect day. This walk is just what she needed. And Jem, some ten paces ahead, how thoughtful of him to give her some space. How does he know? She looks at him up ahead, the perfect boy with the perfect posture and with a youthful spring in his carefree steps and that is when she has a thought that has her slowly exhaling a long, pent-up breath through pursed, bitten, tooth-tip gripped lips: You know, … if I’m going to keep this a secret anyway…




Chapter Four


The eleven weeks at the remote, artic outpost eventually ended and not a moment too soon. Milt’s initial euphoria of this trip and of his colleagues now seems to have lasted only hours, maybe only minutes. Male bonding quickly turned into pissing matches concerning everything and anything. Chores, meals, dirty clothes, stinky bodies, messy work and living areas, nothing was right, and it was always someone else’s fault. When it was finally over, never had men been more sick of each other. Hardly a day went by when some problem didn’t nearly turn to fist to cuffs. Towards the end, hardly an hour went by that didn’t bring that same result. When it was finally time to leave, they couldn’t even board the plane without a fight nearly erupting regarding where to sit. Which made it strange that when they landed back at the harbor, (actually ice free by now) they were all of the sudden the best of friends, now tighter more than ever as they shock hands and exchanged contact information with heartfelt promises to keep in touch. [The enigma of male bonding.]
They had drilled and cataloged some 70,000 years worth of ice cores, only an estimated ten percent of the potential available data but more than enough to move Milt’s personal research forward. Would Milt volunteer for next year’s expedition? Fuck no! This initial foray proved that a grad student was all that is actually needed to gather and record the data. But more importantly, Milt had secured enough data and it had revealed such findings that not only was he prepared to submit a paper that might shake-up the scientific world, it may even be essential for the health and wellbeing of the entire planet. Wait till Lekki hears about this!
“Come on Milt, ya gunna miss the boat!” Yelled Jek as Milt waited for Lekki to answer her phone. What the fuck, where could she be? This was the first chance he had had to call. (No video phone service back at the drill site.)
“Call your squeeze from the ship, come on, they’re ready to raise the gangplank!” Jek wasn’t joking as crewmen shot them dirty looks and pulled the gangway away the split second after they had crossed. Apparently, Milt and his mates weren’t the only one’s sick of remote, arctic duty.
Milt had only just dropped off his gear after having been shown his cabin (a dirty corner of a supply locker that he had to share with Jek and two sailors) before he was in the radio room seeking the ship-to-shore line.
“No phone! Equipment broken, we get new when reach port” stiffly said the watch officer, a man of few words and with even less patience for somebody’s booty call. Milt found out later from the sailors in their digs that the ship had been diverted at the last minute to pick them up which delayed them two more weeks from their sweethearts which they hadn’t seen all season (more than twenty weeks for these men) and with that and the fact that they had to split their dwindling food supply with us (white rice served with white rice with a side of white rice) and put up with each other’s snoring in the already cramped ‘cabins’ meant that their welcome towards them was far less than pleasant.
But that was okay with Milt. The trip back to civilization gave him time for a final organization of his data and to prepare a rough draft of his paper, and the hypotheses that he was developing was potentially groundbreaking.

“Oh, come on son” downplayed Doc Hast.
“The planet is more resilient than that. Besides, if you go crying wolf like this, in a hundred years, and well after your dead and nothing much has happened, as your data could suggest, you’re going to look like history’s biggest fool!”
“But what if the planet is not that resilient?”
“What if-what if-what-if, … come on boy, if you could ‘what if’ in one hand shit in the other, which one would fill up faster?”
“But this could be serious.”
“Look, … all I’m saying is don’t put your reputation on the line. Your young, this could ruin you. No one wants to hear that kind of shit!”
“But it could be important.”
“Sure, it could… Look, just write it as a fiction, if you must. An essay for a magazine article or something. Then if something comes of it, you’ll be the hero for thinking of it first… But don’t cite me in it! And I mean that. I wouldn’t touch that shit with ten-foot pole!”

This first ‘peer review’ (Dr. Hast) did not go anywhere near the way Milt had planned. What does he know, a geologist! But he may have a point. He is an educated man and an elder that has seen a few things. Perhaps it would be wise to sit on it awhile before he published. Hell, even the sailors overhearing his and Doc’s debate sided with the doctor: “Global warming heating the Planet? Sheet! Mebby my beans grow bigger! Ha-ha-ha!”

Milt hadn’t had his head on his pillow ten minutes when it dawned on him and he bolts up in a cold sweat.
“FUCK!” Now it was crystal fucking clear. (He had been quickly picking up much of the foul language that had been streaming in from the sailors and others around him lately.) That’s why ‘they’ insisted that the data be delivered so regular! While I’m in this slow tub, someone else, with everything that I had found, could have summitted their own version! They choose me because they thought I was a dupe, a patsy! How could I be so stupid? Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck!
But as Milt thought deeper, he thought of an even more devious intent: I wonder if the radio is really broken? It seemed strange that a ship this large would have only one radio and no back-up. And then there was this: What if Hast is in on it? For a ‘doctor’ he sure didn’t seem to have much intellectual curiosity about it all. I wonder!

He thought about it all night and the next day he began a completely new approach.

“Hey, ya know what Doc? I want to thank you. I could’a made a real ass out of myself. I’m lucky a got a smart cookie like you looking out for me! Global warming! What was I thinking?” Doc’s proud smile was a tell that said a lot. A ‘real’ man of science would have at least suggested probing some of the general parameters of such a bold thesis. No, a complete dismissal and an apparent shut-out is more disturbing and unusual than just about anything else the doctor could have done. I mean if he really thought it has wrong, he would study the data for the entire trip just to poke holes in it if nothing else. That’s what scientist do! His advice to drop it and to then just shut-up about it was strange indeed. And the fact that now he seemed cold and distant (he wouldn’t even play cards the other night with him) is doubly odd. Shit! All bet the destination of that bundled data is really for him! He is probably planning on publishing! He, or his office or the company that he works for and that paid for this trip, that must be the ‘they!’




Chapter Five



Exactly what has Milt found that is so darn toxic that it makes others (Dr. Hast at least) want to run away? It is as complicated as it is simple.
Years ago, when Milt was in college, he and his dorm mates found themselves in an impromptu discussion regarding a rather perplexing problem that just didn’t quite add up. Solar system observations concerning the earth’s orbit around the sun showed conclusively that they were currently in a cycle of a natural and reliable growing eccentric course deviation that is part of a naturally growing and shrinking earth orbit cycle as it traveled around the sun that has been probably happening since the beginning of the solar system, and that, when combined with a similar well known planetary axis drift of the planet’s rotation, (wobble) both should be leading to another natural cooling cycle that over time, (thousands of years) should be well onset and established by this current era, which means a predictable and inevitable ice age should be underway. Those facts and an additional aspect that particulate air pollution (smog) should be acting as a solar reflector preventing even more solar radiation from reaching the planet’s surface which would increase and accelerate the global cooling effect. But on careful review of the centuries of carefully gathered and recorded data, the opposite seems to be occurring.
Something seems to be trapping the solar radiation (heat) on the surface, but extensive testing and experimentation fails to show that particulates in the air could do such a thing. Just as was theorized, particulates were shown to block far more energy than they trap. In effect, particulates make a better door than a window. They’re must be something else happening. The worry that growing, world-wide air pollution might bring about a premature and intensified ice age was apparently the basis for the ice core expedition. By measuring the particulate levels of the history preceding previous ice ages, it was hoped that would bring new understanding to the current situation, but Milt confirmed something of perhaps far more relevance that he had personally long suspected.
The gas spectrometry readings of the ice cores laid down prior to all the preceding ice ages, before the dawn of widespread agriculture, showed stable levels of certain atmospheric gasses such as methane and carbon dioxide before and during those previous cooling trends. All except the current era which shows a marked increase of those gasses, especially carbon dioxide. It is Milt’s long forming hypothesis that these gases may act like the glass of a greenhouse and allow solar radiation in but can prevent its escape. Methane is the more effective greenhouse gas, but it is short lived in the atmosphere as it quickly breaks down and naturally dissipates, but carbon dioxide, that is another story. Large quantities of this gas can remain in the atmosphere for centuries. So why has carbon dioxide started to increase in this current cycle as compared to the past when it was predictably lower? Milt believes it is because of human activity, including land clearing for agriculture, but especially the burning of fossil fuels used for energy and industry.
Since the beginning of the industrial revolution (some two thousand years ago on this earth) man’s manufacturing and other industrial endeavors have been releasing ever increasing amounts of carbon dioxide into the air. First wood was burned to power the earliest of the new-fangled machinery at the dawn of the early industrial revolution, then coal was mined and burned, quickly growing in use and scope to extraordinary levels as the world eagerly transitioned to an unparalleled and irreversible machine age. As oil was discovered and as it became evermore technically feasible to recover, it was seen as a cleaner, healthier replacement as was (is) natural gas as it became accessible, but the growing demand for energy mandated the use of all three of these as well as hydropower and limited amounts of wind and solar. (Nuclear never made it past the level of research reactors without the push of wartime ambitions in this world.)
Even without widespread, personal automobile use and large scale public air travel, rampant manufacturing and aggressive, constant public works projects, coupled with an eighteen-hundred-year head start (compared to our earth) leaves this earth with a gluttony of excess carbon to rival or even exceed the current levels of our world.
But Milt found that the growing carbon increases predated the industrial era, apparently beginning shortly after (by global standards) the wide-spread, world-wide adoption of systematic agriculture. Milt developed the opinion that jungle and forest clearing mainly by the use of fire, livestock domestication and the sharp increase of human population levels as a successful result of those ever perfected practices started the increase of carbon dioxide that the ice cores recorded well before the machine age, along with a dramatic spike of trapped carbon dioxide of the last two millennium that clearly marked the final transition into the modern era.

Milt secretly guarded and jealously refined his hypotheses during the remainder of the sea voyage with apparently great success not only in his studies, but in his relations with his fellow researchers because by the time they docked, all the hurt feelings and ruffled feathers had been smoothed-out and they all once again said their goodbyes with heartfelt concern and genuine emotion.
As soon as the gangplank lands on the dock, Milt sprints across to find a video phone. Oh Lekki, how I yearn to hear your voice and see your face!
“Are you Milt from the ice expedition?”
“Yes?”
“I represent the Federation Temple Hall. I have orders to retrieve you for an urgent meeting with our benevolent leaders.”
“But I have just arrived. I, … I must make a call, … to my fiancé”
“You can use the video link in the terminal, but please be quick. The charter jet is ready to take off.”
The connection signals Lekki’s receiver over and over of Milt’s incoming call, but Lekki doesn’t answer and the message service does not activate.
She must have forgot to switch it on.
“You can try again after we land” suggests the official who has attached himself to Milt like a shadow for some reason.

The jetliner lifted off smoothly from the paved runway and as the agent explained, he is expected to report his findings, including his hypotheses to the High Council.
“But I’m not ready to submit my findings. I have only a rough draft…”
“The Council, including the Elders have been kept abreast of your data (Are they the ‘they’?) and they understand more than anyone what your conclusions might mean. You cannot deny the importance of such information.”
“No, … of course not!” Declares Milt with the newfound urgency and satisfaction that others may share his concerns, and not just any others but the High Council including the Elders. The Elders! A group so full of mysticism and intrigue that many are not even sure they are real, and no one seems to be sure of who they even are. It is just assumed that they are the cream of the crop, the best of the best of the public service, great people who graduate to this grand posting as a tribute to their excellence and as the ultimate fail-safe and the last word concerning the gauntlet of projects, actions and concerns of this society. To be available for the world to impart their wisdom, to approve or scuttle anything and everything. Technically, (and legally) they hold little official power, but the Council of Elders is seldom (if ever) disagreed with or overruled. Their power is respected and might as well be absolute. To be called in front of them is a non-negotiable request, you will appear!
In the few hours before they arrive at the Federation Capital city, Milt is so occupied and absorbed in his presentation preparation that he has barely a thought of Lekki except of how impressed she will be that he has been summoned to the Temple. Wait until she hears about that! A thought that just increases the pressure that he must make a coherent presentation to the council. He arranges and re-arranges his stacks of data notes. He organizes his index cards with a sensible and logical train of thought that will be clear and undisputable for his presentation. He decides he will make it short and precise as possible and emphasize only the key points needed to make his conclusion and not waste anyone’s precious time.
By the time the plane touches down, he is as ready as he will ever be. He delays calling Lekki, better he call her afterward, because after this he might very well be some sort of impromptu hero. Or at least a potential player in world affairs. During this flight, Milt has forgotten any fear of flying, but this sleek, high-speed, fully pressurized, new and state of the art jet powered aircraft had a lot to do with that.

The massive gray walls of the Temple rose from the heart of the Federation City and Milt is awed by them. To think that every single facet of every single life is regulated and directed from within those walls! This of course was not literally true. The people have free will to make their own decisions and to make their own mistakes, but standing on the outside of this grand structure and marveling at the ornate detail and knowing that you have been called here and will soon give testimony in the Elder’s inner sanctuary, they might as well have the power of all eternity and you may as well just be a bug in their fingertips. But Milt keeps his composure. He wants to gape and admire the thrilling architecture and the endless ornate details of the hallowed halls as he is led through it all, like a tourist might, but he stays focused, intent on being useful and not foolish. He is surprised at the endless banks of computers that blink and whir as they provide their important services, whatever that might be. Finally, he is led into the Sacred Chamber to face the assembled group of Elders.

In the sudden silence after Milt had finished what he believed was a well presented and effective presentation, he looked up at a circle of surprisingly grim expressions on the otherwise impassive and aged faces. Instead of the grateful joy that he had expected for all his important hard work, to his surprise they soon spoke words of intellectual rejection. Instead of praise, there was sullen dismissal. He watched in shock and horror as the Elder at the head of the delegation, Elder Brown, asked for Milt’s notes and papers as if he wanted to study them more thoroughly, or at least focus on some obscure detail, but instead he gathered them all together and dropped them into a trash can at the foot of the podium! Then his somnolent voice echoed throughout the silent Temple Hall:
“Yes, we know, it’s nothing new, just a waste of time.”
“I can’t believe what you’re saying” Milt replied in a nearly faint whisper and continued,
“These things just can’t be true.”
“Forget about your silly whim! Our world is doing fine!”
“But what if this is true…”
“Don’t annoy us further, we have our work to do. Just think about the average, what use is this for you!” Thunders Elder Brown as Milt dares to interrupt:
“Our world could use this information…”
“I said forget about your silly whim, it doesn’t fit the plan! Would you have us freeze to death in another ice age? Our fantastic cities crushed under glaciers?”

Milt wandered home later through silent streets. He could still see the incredible beauty of the sculptured city around him and in his memory and the pure human spirit that is revealed in the works of this world, he should have been overwhelmed in both the understanding and the wonder of it all but now he saw a completely different world, because his world and way of life had been effectively crushed by the Elders of the Federation. Now he saw how meaningless his life had become as a result of their words.
Milt found his way home and was too upset, too embarrassed perhaps to call Lekki but eventually he fell into a fitful sleep. In a dream he escaped to realms beyond the night. He saw the work of gifted hands that grace this now strange but still wondrous land. He dreamed he saw the hand of man arise, with hungry mind and open eyes! Their power grows with purpose strong, to claim the home where they belong. Home to tear the Temples down! Home to change!
He wakes with the sleep still in his eyes, the dream still in his head. He heaves a sigh and with a sad smile, he lies awhile in bed. I wish that it might come to pass, not fade like all my dreams. Just think of what my life might be in a world like I have seen! He drags himself out of bed, his spirits low in the depths of despair, I don’t think I can carry on this cold and empty life…
Knock-knock-knock, “Milt? Open this door! I know you’re in there!” Lekki’s muffled voice carries through the door.




Chapter Six


Milt has shaken his gloom somewhat with the passing of time and with the Lekki’s tender and gentle attention and regardless of what the Elders said, he and her, and neighbor Jem and his new friend Jek have been secretly meeting for these past several nights as Milt lectures for the other three:

“Carbon is being released at unprecedented levels and there is no sign of any plan to reduce, much less stop any of it. They seem to be under the impression that they are preventing another ice age, but there seems to be no research to back that up, no evidence that they have anything under control, they are operating under an umbrella of nothing more than wishful thinking!”
“This current, industrial level of carbon addition is hundreds of times greater than any natural additions of the past, even in times of rampant volcanism hundreds of millions of years ago! To prevent any change or alarm to the status quo, they risk the future, our future, our children’s future because, apparently, it is too difficult to reverse this troubling reality. Perhaps they believe technology will advance and some now unknown breakthrough will occur and save the day or maybe they just don’t care and believe it is not their problem because they will all be dead by the time it real matters.”
“What do you think will happen as these continued high carbon levels continue to be emitted?” Asked Jek as the others listened close for Milt’s answer.
“The Antarctic ice will slowly melt as temperatures climb, raising the ocean levels and forcing the abandonment of our coastal cities, and those places are the current home of over eighty percent of the population. But the only place to go will be inland, to the ever expanding high deserts, and add the fact that the underground water table will be contaminated by the rising salt water, and then there is the fact that warmer air holds more moisture, locking away even more fresh water away from our use and driving storms that could last for weeks and months instead of just hours and days, and, … well, … it won’t be good!”
“But what can we do?” Asked Jem in his wild-eyed, youthful innocence.
“That, … is the question” scoffed Milt.
“We’ll scan the computer data bases, look for any similar information, find other like-minded people, start a group, a movement, force change, open people’s eyes, we’ll…”
“We’ll do nothing of the sort!” Exclaimed Jek as he interrupted Milt’s building, exuberant and hopeful rant.

Jek is different than the others, and not so much because of the fact that he has less formal education than even Jem, a fact that doesn’t mean he is less intelligent, in fact, in many ways he is the smartest of this entire small group. A fact that he will soon demonstrate.
Jek is one of the country class. Something that Milt, Lekki and Jem have never given much thought about before, but something that country people notice all the time. Every time they talk to a city dweller or watch a video news feed, they can’t help but see it. A naivety in almost everything city people do and say. A false sense of the origin of nearly everything. Perhaps it is something to do with the straight-up, stone-cold truth of watching something like an animal being born, or a lesson learned while the stark reality of dressing a game carcass for roasting is performed, or something about the simple experience of sowing, tending and harvesting crops, of grinding grain into flour, of canning vegetables, of drying fruit, or even the simple efforts of cooking and baking, these are the experiences that country people ween their life experiences with. The government formal education system that separates the family in the city doesn’t penetrate very far in rural areas where home schooling is a matter of logistics. Even those that go off the farm to pursue higher education usually do it with a wink and a plastic smile. Going through the motions and keeping their heads down as they turn in the schoolwork expected of them, but they carry themselves with a certain hidden dignity that exempts them from fad or populist folly. They understand that their studies are for established, education conformity within a regimented system, not an end-all or a provider of the ultimate in truth and understanding. Just a tool for betterment in career and for social improvement. The fact of the matter is that country people know that are as smart others, including their deans and professors. And they prove it every day by smiling and nodding at what they say no matter how incredibly stupid and morally vacuous that the words that come out of their mouths really are. Higher education becomes a game of detecting what their professors want of their term papers that they are expected to submit, and in doing what is wanted, and then laughing with their family about it all over supper when they come back home on vacation. And Jek, like other country people, is a master at detecting such froth and nonsense.

“You get on that computer and start digging around for ‘climate change’ or ‘carbon build-up’ or whatever, and you’re gunna be hustled away in the middle of the night and find yourself interned in a mental hospital or worse.”
Milt, Lekki and Jem just stare at Jek as if their world has just been destroyed. Ordinarily, such a statement would pass by like water under a bridge but now, in this new and paranoid world where up is down and black is white, a statement like that hits like a hammer blow.
“What do you mean by ‘worse’” Lekki asks meekly. Jek steps back as if to collect his thoughts.
“Have you ever heard or knew of someone who had died in an accident?”
“Well sure, who hasn’t?”
“Did you see the body?”
“Well no, but…” (Open caskets or even public burials are not a ‘thing’ in this world. In an absence of spiritual closure, final preparations in death is more of a matter of hygienic disposal than as a preparation for an afterlife.)
“Then how do you know what happened?” Continues Jek.
“Because that is what they said…” Lek stops herself as she said “they” and the others start to understand Jek’s point in a new and startling clarity.
“Do you think if we research these things on the computer, we could have an ‘accident’?” Milt asked in all seriousness.
“Everything is monitored on the computers and the video phones. You’ve been to the Great Halls of the Temple Milt, you said yourself that they are filled with the great computers. What do you think they are for?”
“I’ve never gave it much thought” Milt says in a suddenly searching, slightly confused voice.
“Well think about it! Every fad, trend, interest and inquiry is subject to the whims and scrutiny of the government. Do you think their gunna let such important information pass by unnoticed?”
“Well no…”
Exactly! That is why the government built all that computer power in the first place!”
“But what of the good uses of the systems, how useful it is for research knowledge, a world of information at our fingertips, certainly that is good and important” defends Lekki.
“Sure, researching what to buy, a new pasta recipe, boning-up for a work meeting, all of that is great but try to build a bomb or ask what would stop a tram or sink a ship and see what happens.”
“Well of course, that is just common sense…”
“But where does it stop Lek?”
“I don’t know…”
“That’s right! You don’t know and neither do I! And that’s my point!”
“Knock-knock-knock.”

“Hi Dad, what are you doing here? Why didn’t you just call…” Asked Milt of his father, only to second guess himself at the word “call.”
“Didn’t want to call… I thought it would be better if I came personally. Something’s going on… Something’s not right. Some guy has been hanging out in front of the house all day, and when he finally left, another fella took his place. Very strange. It seemed so odd that I climbed out the back and jumped the fence to get here. I just thought I’d tell you. In fact, I think I’ll go back the same way.”




Chapter Seven


Milt and Jek left straight away for the country that night. Lekki wanted to go with them but Milt insisted that she stay and continue her normal routine. He is adamant that she appear not connected to anything that could cause her any trouble, that is if it isn’t already too late.
“I need you back here to be my eyes and ears. I’ll get in touch with you when I can. And I need you to keep an eye on Jem in case they try any funny business with him, Okay?” It all might have been a complete overreaction, just a result of Jek’s overactive imagination concerning his dire warnings. But Milt didn’t have anything to lose. Out of work and with few options, Jek’s offer help bring in the harvest was real money for some hard work with little or no questions asked, and it was work that paid cash on the barrel head. Besides, Jek knew of someone he said Milt absolutely must meet.

Picking fruit, driving tractors, loading and hauling trailers to the mill factories was hard work that left Milt exhausted and ready for sleep at the end of each grueling shift. But as demanding as it all was, he often found himself working side-by-side with a fellow over twice his age who seemed to be taking it well.
“Hamp is the name” he said as he extended a paw that was rough as shoe leather.
“I used to be like you, all wispy and fresh, straight out of college, I thought this work would kill me back then, but now, I can’t wait for the sun to rise, riding on the back of the truck with the other men, ready to break a sweat, it’s a natural way of life and I’ve learned to love it, you will too I bet.” Milt has his doubts.
“You went to college? Why have you ended up here?” Asked Milt.
“Oh, same as you I’d bet.”
“I doubt that!”
Hamp just smiled as they humped sacks of grain into a shipping container.

The weeks went by and Milt had to admit that this work was providing some benefits: for example, his jelly-belly had turned into the rugged abs foothills of the pectoral mountains. His pants were falling down as his belly flattened and he had to cinch his belt tighter and at the same time he was ripping the shoulders out of shirts. On a trip back to the city, he waited for Lekki at a tram stop and when she had seen him, her first thought was something like There’s a glass of cool, tan man candy… Oh, crap it’s Milt! ... Momma like!
But as time marched on, Milt was starting to think that Jek just brought him to the country to fulfill a quota or something. And what of this fella he just had to meet? What about that? When he asked him about that, he just laughed and said “Saturday” which was their next day off.

The house wasn’t much more than a shack. Milt was surprised that it even had running water and electricity.
“My needs are small” Hamp said as he did his morning dishes and as Milt wondered why Jek had brought him here.
“Atmospheric carbon saturation and the corresponding heat retention if I’m not mistaken” rattled off Hamp as if it was a weather report or some other trivial news. Milt just stood there speechless, mouth agape as Hamp gave him a quick glance and shook his head.
“Mine was nuclear fission. Did you know that uranium can be refined to produce a run-away reaction of almost limitless potential?”
“A run-away reaction?” Said milt thoughtlessly and robot like. It wasn’t exactly what he meant to say in his surprise but that is what came gushing out.
“That’s right, a run-away reaction, an explosion, the likes of which the world has never seen! That is what I was working on before I bugged-out.”

That was just the beginning of a long, drawn-out conversation covering that and many other subjects that began in Hamp’s tiny sitting room and after Jek had left, (probably bored to death) it intensified as they moved into the hidden underground bunker/laboratory where Hamp (Dr. Hampsfor) kept his notebooks and journals.

“I torched my lab at the university when I figured out what they wanted of me. I couldn’t see any need for such a devise, besides, I’m sure they figured it all out without me.”
“You mean they have this… this devise.”
“Bomb… it’s called a bomb, a great big mother-fucking bomb but a bomb nonetheless.”
“But they have it? A bomb big enough to level a city?”
“Sure! It’s basic physics. Refining the uranium or producing the plutonium is a huge undertaking but I’m sure they’ve worked out the details without me by now. After all its been over forty years.”
“You’ve been on the run for forty years?”
“Well, I did burn down my lab, but if that thing did get built and is ever used, my conscious is clear. Oh, and by the way, I never told you that I burned down my lab, okay?” he adds with a wink.
“I won’t say anything.”
“It’s not like it is a secret, besides, the statute of limitations has long ago expired. My knowledge of nuclear fission is probably far more dangerous.”
“Could someone force you to build them a bomb?”
“Well I certainly wouldn’t want to but who knows how I would stand up under torture. And if some group got a hold of a bomb like that, it would be quite a bargaining chip, wouldn’t it?”
“You mean there are people out there that would want such a thing, to force some sort of political will?”
“Ha-ha-ha! Jek warned me that you were of the city! You have so much to learn! Obviously, the Federation has formed its citizens well, and that will be their undoing.”
“Their undoing?” Asks Milt, ignoring for now the less then veiled charge of naivety.
“Look son, I don’t want it anymore then you. But we live in a world of lies, phoniness and downright make believe. If you think that this current world system is something that will last forever, you got another thing coming! And if it doesn’t fall like a house of cards from the weight of its own bullshit, then some external force or crisis will come along. Perhaps an over-saturation of carbon in the atmosphere?”
“Do you think that could bring down the government?”
“Were the Elders worried about that?”
“No, I don’t think so. They seemed more worried about my concerns in general. In fact, they seemed to consider the possible global warming a blessing, the prevention of the next ice age. The thought that we are hurling headlong into unknown territory, which is the basis of my thesis, that idea is what they seemed to want stopped.”
“What do you think about carbon increases preventing the next ice age?”
“Well, perhaps they have run simulations. Maybe they have calculated the risks and benefits. They might know what they’re doing.”
“That’s not what I asked you.”
“Well, that’s the thing. My calculations point to the fact that the excess carbon will take centuries to dissipate. It may very well prevent an ice age but also could very well turn the planet into a scorched desert.”
“But that will take hundreds of years, right? We will all be dead by then, right?”
“But that’s not the point!”
“Isn’t it?”
“What do you mean?”
“Look, say you are right. The ice caps melt, the oceans rise, crops fail, storms grow wildly intense, even with all that, there will be sections, small sections of the planet that will still be able to support human life, right?”
“Well, yes, I suppose.”
“And that could be the end game!”
“What kind of a future is that?”
“For you and me and all our descendants, not much. But for the elites, for the masters, for our betters, those will be the ones left of the human race. They will game the system to position themselves in the right places when the time comes. They may not be working on anything to prevent climate change, but you can bet their preparing to feather their own nests, their working on that! I Guaran-damn-tee-it!”




Chapter Eight


Unlike our world, manual labor in the farm fields can be a lucrative and well-paying endeavor, like truck driving or carpentry work can be here. Without a migrant class to be exploited, (an absence of war refugees has a lot to do with that) harvesting and other farm work is a common vocation for those fresh out of school and others as they find their way in life or who just want to earn a nest egg. So, Milt’s joining in this kind of work was not seen as an unusual job after his research gig on the ice shelves ended, after all, work is work. Though probably not exactly the preferred career path for an accredited young scientist, but not that unusual, nonetheless. As time passed, the sight of strange people milling about Milt’s father’s house or Lekki’s and Jem’s apartment building trailed off.
Milt’s visits back to the city to see Lekki seemed to lose the need for clandestineness and as more time passed, those visits became more frequent. A fact that Milt relished because with the advent of country living and the good effects that that had had on his physical strength and with a more stoic and mature appearance, and as a result of the mind clearing aspect of thoughtless labor, he found himself focusing on the important things, becoming decisive, losing the pettiness of youth, becoming immune to fad and other cultural dogma. This new, centered, solid Milt had an effect on Lekki as well, and as his visits became more frequent, it shouldn’t have been such a surprise when Lekki declared:
“I’m pregnant.”
“Pregnant? ... What? ... How? ...”
“It’s a little late to have ‘the talk’, Milt!” Lekki said in a playful, mocking tone.

A man’s confusion and terror at such a statement of fact transcends Milt’s world in a way that is not so different than in ours. For a man, in either world, it is a life changing, staggering blow for a man of any worth above the lowliest rake. And in Milt’s world, as in ours, the ultimate, final outcome of such a condition will likely, eventually end in wedding bells.
But for Milt, that is certainly not the end of other things dear and precious. Because, as Milt had been tossing grain sacks around and filling fruit baskets or any of the other countless chores on the farm, he has had time to think. He had been thinking of climate change and what he might (if anything) be able to do to change what he fears is currently a dangerous path for humanity to take. His daydreaming vacillates between grandiose and desperate schemes involving all kinds of unlikely and fanciful scenarios, such as hacking the computer information systems and spreading some sort of slick, concise video presentation that will open people’s eyes to the problem. Or swinging to the other extreme and just forgetting the whole thing and living his life. But with the advent of Lekki’s bombshell, the latter has suddenly become moot. It isn’t just Milt’s problem anymore, now it is the world’s problem and with a baby on the way, Milt has just been forced (happily we hope) to join that world.

With Lekki occupied in all things to do with their wedding day, (a big deal in this culture regardless of the lack of organized religion) Milt has had time to explore his own plans and in his mind, he carefully sorts and files aspects of his future every chance he gets. He remembered something Dr. Hast suggested: “Write a fiction.” The problem? Milt is not a writer. How hard could it be? He asked himself. But as he finally found some spare time and sat down to put words to the page, and as he found the words spilling from his brain as if pouring over a waterfall, and after three separate opening attempts, he read back three different concise, effective, precise and utterly dry and boring ‘introductions’ and he came to the same conclusion each time: This is crap! Milt’s ‘writing style’ may be precise and concise, but it wasn’t going to win any awards for being captivating and entertaining. Even Lekki couldn’t put lipstick on this pig when she reviewed his work. But as an avid reader, she did manage to offer two items of what turned out to be brilliant advice:
“The best stories use a bit of misdirection Milt. You follow what appears to be the main plot line while subtly letting the reader fall into what the writer really wants to portray, and that is what eventually becomes the real story.” (Item 1)
“Really! That’s fascinating! How do I do that?”
“Beats me! If I knew that, … I’d be a famous author. I guess if it were easy, everyone would do it.”
“So, what should I do?”
“Oh, I don’t know… Join a writer’s workshop?” (Item 2)

She sat at the end of the table, a hot mess of pink hair, black eye shadow and extreme, unbridled sass and impertinence, with a confidence that made her appear that she not only ruled the writing workshop, but given half a chance, she may take over and rule the entire world. Milt’s first impression was that he didn’t care much for her. A pretty young thing under a show of disrespect and insolence. What a waste! His mind changed somewhat when he read her work:
Concepts so dark and gloomy, so way out there, yet things you found that became firmly trapped (whether you wanted them there or not) in the recesses and in the alcoves that are hidden deep in the back of the mind, things that leave you floored, stunned, sleepless, a biting voodoo-like chill of fright and terror. Things that made the hair on the back of your neck stand up and rendered speech likely to start as a choking gasp before forcing yourself back into reality. She liked to study you as you read her work and she took every opportunity to laugh in your face at your disturbed shock.
“What’s a matter, need a hug?” she would say as you realized that the only thing more frightening then her stories was the thought of her wrapping her arms around you, a concept that she relished to the extreme, to the point of chasing you around the room with her tattooed arms and her boney fingers with their scraggly painted nails extended wide, as everyone laughed nervously. She actually felt kind of nice when she did catch you, warm and soft, and in that same split second, just as you felt that she might be okay after all, she would cop a feel, (cup the ass- men, cup the breast- women) and believe it or not, it was never pleasant, it was a blatant personal violation (or she wouldn’t do it) that you would squirmed away from while shouting something such as “You sick bitch!” which brought out her psycho laugh. And what if you actually wanted her to do something like that to you? (she is kind of sexy under all that goth) Never going to happen! She would see right through that a mile away and you would be dead to her. Nobody played this girl!
She calls herself Dirge (probable from the school anthem) and she is a genius.

The workshop was a welcome diversion for Milt in the weeks and months before and after his wedding. He was learning a great deal about story structure, prose, progression, syntax, grammar and much more. He was also learning that he was dreadful at all of it. Dirge, on the other hand, she made it all look like child’s play. Her psychologically twisted, blood soaked, mind warped story concepts, filled with tension and dread, flowed together so naturally and with such splendid grace that it made the absurd seem more than just believable, it made it real. When Milt brought some of her work home for Lekki to review, her only comment after reading it was, as she thrust the paper back to Milt as a crumpled wad:
“Don’t you DARE invite this woman to our wedding!”
But Milt (and many others) saw something in this crazy little bitch, an ability, a strength that he certainly lacked, and that he wasn’t going acquire any time soon. [Which is probably for the best.] He noticed this right away and it grew stronger over time and he realized that he may need her, and not just someone like her, (of which there are none) but her. He doesn’t know exactly why he feels this way or why or how she can help, but, just the same, he grows surer about this every day: She is the missing piece of the puzzle.
After quite a while, and as he finally became somewhat comfortable around her, he presented her a final re-write of a paper he had been perfecting since he presented an early draft of it well over a year ago to the Elders.
“If want read something truly scary…”




Chapter Nine


Milt had taken a teaching job at the university after the wedding and he and Lekki had purchased a starter home with the money he had bankrolled from working on the farm. The new job wasn’t all that demanding which left him with time for his book, which even though was no masterpiece, was coming together in a somewhat coherent fashion. It had all the basic structures; strong plot points, believable characters, the right number and well-placed plot twists, everything he had been learning, yet it still had the impact of a wet dish rag. And after yet another re-write and regardless of his friends and family’s polite encouragement, he came away once again with this realistic assessment: This is crap!

He looks over at his very pregnant, sleeping wife, and as he turns out the light, he thinks of Dirge. He had given her his latest copy of his thesis paper earlier that week. He wonders what she will say about it. He tries to imagine himself in her head and wonders what she might do to give his story more impact. That seemingly innocent thought gives him a slight scare that he must involuntarily, physically shake-off. The little disturbance makes Lekki murmur and roll to her side. Why the fuck did I do that? He thinks because trying to be in that little psycho’s brain is just asking for trouble. Then, regardless of the risk, he thinks of what Dirge might say about his book: Write something different dumbass! That thought provides him a measure of self-defeating amusement as he drifts away in slumber.

“Milt! Wake up! I heard a noise!”
Lekki’s pregnancy at times lately seems to have brought out some forms of superpowers in her. Now she can smell a barbeque literally a mile or more away, she can feel a lost earring right through the comforter, the blankets, the sheets, and even the mattress, but it is her hearing that has become the most freakishly sensitive.
“On the back porch! Someone is there!”
“It’s probably the neighbor’s cat.”
“GO LOOK!”
“Alright-alright already!” And Milt rolls out of bed and into his slippers.
“Crash!”
“There is something out there” whispers Milt as he grabs the pick handle that he took from the farm that he keeps behind the bedroom door.
“I told you!”
Milt tiptoes through the living room and sure enough, someone is at the patio door behind the closed drapes tugging at the handle of the sliding glass door. Milt plants his feet and with his pick handle raised high, ready to deliver a death blow, he trips the lock handle. The door slides open and there is Dirge, crouched low on the porch. What the fuck?
“I need to talk to you/You almost got clobbered” is simultaneously uttered past the lips of both faces as the little intruder thrust herself past the startled Milt and into the living room in a move that made her appear like a pink haired linebacker as she thrust past Milt’s leg and is just in time to be tackled by a crazed pregnant woman in a sheer nightgown who begins landing punch after punch as she has the girl pinned beneath her.
“Thud!-whack!-crack!-bam!” as right-cross after left upper-cut hit home again and again and again before Milt can pull his suddenly far from helpless wife off of the trespasser. Without hardly missing a beat the uninvited, probable prowler springs to her feet with a look of joy and awe on a face that is growing redder by the second from the impacts of Lekki’s fists as she shouts:
“Damn lady! That’s what I call a welcome!” The young, scrappy, pink haired lady turns to the hallway mirror as if she owns the place and begins checking her injuries before she adds with more excited animation:
“Makes me feel alive!”
“You must be Dirge” adds Lekki calmly as she rubs her knuckles. The pink hair gave her away, something that Milt mentioned when he spoke about her and it is something that is rare in this world.

She said she came to the back porch to avoid the security cameras out on the power poles.
“You know they go straight to the computer matrix in the Temple Complex, right?” But before Lekki or Milt could answer, she hopped under the end table like a bunny and unplugged the video console.
“You know these go both ways, right?”
“Huh?”
“The video console, you know that it transmits all the time, don’t you? So they can monitor us. I hope you two haven’t been fooling around near that thing.”
“What?”
“You have! Haven’t you?” She says as she wipes blood away that has started to flow from her nose.
“You’re bleeding…”
“It’s noth’n… I deserve it. Shit! Milty there almost scrambled my eggs with that ax handle!”
“Milty? She has a pet name for you?”
“I swear, I’ve never heard her use it before.”
“Relax slugger, Your scientist-farmer ain’t my type.”
“What are you doing here?” Demands Lekki, her patience spent.
“This!” Dirge says as she pulls Milt’s papers, all dog eared and bookmarked, out of her backpack slaps it down on the coffee table.
“This is what we needed! The final piece of the puzzle! The missing piece that ties everything together!” Says Dirge in animated excitement as she pants between sentences, still fired-up from Lekki’s beat-down
“There is an entire underground movement out there ready to move on this. You would have to be blind not to have noticed the climate warming, and this is why!” She roars as she slaps her hand down on the papers.
“Ask any old timer and they’ll tell you that the lakes used to freeze solid every winter. That hasn’t happened in twenty years. The mountains used to be covered in glaciers year-round, now they look like brown dirt piles in the summer. The droughts? The storms? Every year is a new record? Haven’t you noticed? Have you noticed the downplaying and the lack of coverage on the news feed? Why would that be?”
“Couldn’t this have waited until morning?” Asks Lekki.
Dirge just looks at her with a dumbstruck look on her face as if she never in a million years would have thought of that. Finally, she squeaks out a response:
“But, … I, … couldn’t sleep.”

The next morning, Dirge has Milt’s novel spread out on the coffee table and has turned it all into a jumbled, hodge-podge of scribbled margins, X’d-out paragraphs and inserted, hand scribbled pages that only she could possibly make heads or tails out of.
“Here’s what were gunna do,” bursts forth Dirge without so much as a “good morning” or a “hello,” as Milt and Lekki ventured out of the bedroom, Dirge is talking as if she is a battlefield general, describing today’s action:
“First, were gunna rewrite it all as a children’s story. Believe it or not, that will work with your ‘writing style.’” She says the words “writing style” with an eye roll while holding her fingers up in the universal ‘air quote’ sign.
“Hey!”
“I’m just fun’n ya Milty Boy! Besides, overall, this is brilliant, a fiction is a great way to start this out”
“Start what?” Asks Lekki in a tone of suppressed irritation and growing general concern.
“Start what? Asks Dirge rhetorically and in a mocking tone before she continues:
“Why the beginning of the end! That’s what!” Dirge can see the skepticism on Lekki’s face which is coupled with a look of failing restraint by the fact that a trampy, young, skanky, sex pot has made a nest of her couch and her living room without so much as a “how-do-you-do?” much less any formal invitation.
“Look slugger, don’t get your fists in a bunch! No one knows I’m here and no one will ever trace this book back to you guys. Believe me, you don’t want that! And when I’m done, I’ll be as gone as a sunset.”
“And when will that be exactly? And when what is done!”
“The book! ... And, … I don’t know, a week or two?”
“THE BOOK?” Lekki is losing it, her voice is rising.
“Yes, the book. A fiction. That is what you want, right? To spread your message subtly, to avoid criticism and censure? To slide it in under the radar? To establish your thesis? To make your point?” Lekki turns towards Milt and as if she is washing her hands of it all she says in an extended exhale:
“I give up.”
“Look, … Lek honey, … let’s just hear her out.” He re-directs his speech towards Dirge:
“Just what do you have in mind? I mean about this book deal?”
“I’m glad you asked! You see, as a children’s book it will really slide in under the radar and escape the scrutiny of a ‘real’ novel. And every child exposed to it will instantly relate the evil king of the story to the Elders of the temple.”
“Wait, what? I don’t see it. Evil King? Temple Elders? What are you talking about?” Interjects Lekki, apparently not quite “given up” on what is transpiring after all.
“Trust me, we’ll test it with the first kids we run across, and if I’m not right, I’ll forget the whole thing.”
“Huh?” A confused gasp is exacerbated by Lekki’s thought of Dirge interacting with children.
“Anyway…, the children who read this or have it read to them will equate the Evil King to the Elders of the Temple and the smoke from the forest clearing operation to the carbon increases of the planet and the disruption and the dislocation of the animals of the magic forest to the planet’s general population and it will be like (she uses a little baby voice) ‘Mommy-Mommy, why does the King want to hurt the animals? And where will they live what will they do?’ and waa-waaa-waaaa and boo-hoo and sob-sob and while they are crying, parents will try to explain it all and of course they won’t be able to because even if they read the book carefully, they won’t see the connections because only a child’s mind works that way and for evermore and for the rest of time as the children grow up they won’t be able to help but see the magic forest in every environmental debate and discussion for the rest of their lives and that is phase one.” Dirge takes a breath now.
Milt and Lekki are flabbergasted, dumbfounded, because they followed the logic and even though it is the biggest load bull they have ever heard, for some pathetic, stupid, insane reason, perhaps because of the way it was explained, it strikes them at some level at least as plausible. It was an elucidation only a crazy person could explain or believe and especially, create. It might only be fleeting, something that will be lost by the next morning perhaps, but for right at this moment, Milt and Lekki are intrigued.
“I’ll need some help with the art, but I know just the person that can help me with that. And as for the publishing? Not a problem, I’ve got several companies interested in me. ‘Just tone it down’ they tell me. Well, … this will fill the bill! We will have a half a billion of these books under kids noses before anyone really notices! And with all the distraction of all those crying kids, and with the forced ecological debate that all those children’s tears spawn with their genuine, innocent concerns, that is when we launch phase two: Your paper downloaded into every single research computer and video phone on the planet.”
“And how do you purpose to do that?”
“You would be amazed how easy that will be. You know the Emergency Broadcasting Service? I know who set the latest version of that up and the agency that runs it is filled with my people.”
“Your people?”
“Yes, that’s right, MY people! Do you think everyone in this world is just the sheep of the masters? Ready ask ‘how high’ when told to jump? Well, if you do, you’re sadly mistaken! There is an entire world out there of secret sects, who are having private meetings, connected well beyond the realms of the ordinary. Organized and ready, and when I say ready, I mean ready! With food stored and secondary and third stage locations just ready to be occupied if need be. Do you know that eighty percent of the world is only a week away from running out of food? And do you know who delivers that food? My people, that’s who! And when the shit hits the fan, if you don’t have an ‘in’ you’re gunna wish you listened to me! You’re gunna wish you listened and listened good! So, are we clear? Do you understand the stakes?” Lekki and Milt stare at their ‘guest’ with newly set, hard looks on their faces. Lekki speaks first:
“You are a dangerous young woman ‘Dirge’ or whatever your real name is.”
“Thank you! And I like you too! From the moment you tackled me!”
“Milt, what do you think?”
“Well honey, remember, I’ve met the Elders, and from that moment forward, I’ve been searching for a plan, a road to take, a way forward, so much so that I’ve wasted a big part of my life writing this crappy book!”
“It’s not that bad Milt.”
“Oh, it is! I mean look right here, redundant dialog, past and present tense mix-ups, plot holes you could drive a truck through…”
“Okay Dirge, we get it!” Barks Milt, but quickly he becomes circumspect and he ponders deeply as he continues with his thoughts:
“I can’t quite explain it and I am far from understanding why, and I certainly never would have thought of it myself, but something like this, this children’s story might work. Somehow, I see it, an end game where, before, there wasn’t one. It’s like there is hope now… Lekki, I say we let this crazy chick finish this book and we find some kids and see what happens.” He turns to Dirge.
“You said yourself that if it doesn’t affect them like you said, you would forget the whole thing, did you mean that?”
“I do, and it will.”
“How can you be sure?” Asks Lekki, finally in a civil tone, apparently supporting her husband’s decision.
“Hey! I was a kid once, and not that long ago!”




Chapter Ten


For five days Dirge had taken over their couch, ate their food, slept in her clothes and made messes in the bathroom and the kitchen and on the morning of the sixth day, she was gone. Nothing but a neatly folded blanket remained.
Lekki suspected and Milt began to confer that they might have been played, a crazy bitch had just grifted them for a roof over her head and free meals. Lekki’s suspicions seemed to be confirmed when she failed to show up at the writer’s workshop in the four weeks that Milt kept going before he also quit, due to a combination of waning interest in his own book (and the project in general. The intrigue with Dirge’s initial optimism and her fantastic concept turned out to be indeed fleeting and in hindsight seemed ridiculous and did much to sour the entire book writing endeavor for Milt) and Lekki’s fast approaching due date, that increasingly demanded Milts attention. Imagine their surprise when a copy of Funny Bunny and the Honey Tree appeared on their back porch wrapped in pretty gold foil gift wrap with a matching bow. There was an inscription inside the cover:

This is the very first edition to roll of the presses- for my inspiration,

Lekki and Milt

The handwritten calligraphy, certainly in Dirge’s own hand, was fantastic. An equally neatly written card was placed before page one:

Come to the reading at Cheesy Joe’s
(A children’s restaurant. The time of the reading and a street address were included on the card.)

-Riv (my pen name)

P.S. We still have the matter of the children’s reaction to observe, Ha-ha-ha!

Milt and Lekki were gob smacked. Utterly floored, and not just because Dirge (or should we call her Riv?) seemed to have actually delivered what she had promised, but their shock was mainly because the book in front of them was fantastic, like nothing they had ever seen before.

The Funny Bunny cover art was of a forest critter scene printed from a delightful painting in a soft, appealing style. Colorful but subtle, not cartoonish or overly pastel but a work of muted, neutral elegance that certainly should appeal to children but also transferred a certain seriousness that was enhanced with a delicate significance in the indirect look of Funny Bunny’s eyes. A slight detail that captured the attention (child or adult) hauntingly. Milt and Lekki instantly thought of Dirge (not Riv) the second they saw that detail. But the engaging, goofy smile on the somewhat dorky but certainly fun-loving Bunny is what was literally lifted off the picture and shot right into their faces. A character drawn so innocent and engaging and fun that whatever he is up to, it must be what you want to do and where you want to be. He is dancing in the image, while holding hands with his other forest friends which upon reading we quickly learn are: Wise Owl, Hard-back Turtle, Slippery Squirrel, Miss Foxy Brown Fox, Bob Cat and, (always at a distance) Skunky. Spidey-Pie the Spider is shown hanging down from her web in the tree with motion drawn into her legs to show her rocking to the music that certainly must be playing as they are all circle Honey Tree (it must be Honey Tree because there is a happy bee hive where friendly bees have musical notes drawn in between zzzz’s that radiate from their fat, glistening gold nest. Behind, beside, and all around Honey Tree is a forest of other friendly trees with the tips of their branches held high, bowing and curtsying at each other as if the leaves at the tips of their branches are finger tips and as if they could pirouette and twirl at any second should they wish with their roots doubling as dainty feet. Tufts of grass, mushrooms and wildflowers with happy faces adorn the ground in a way that both envisages and confirms that even the soil itself from which they sprout must surely be magical.
Milt and Lekki are speechless, spellbound, transformed fully into this happy, lovely world to the detriment of all else. Time stood still, minutes? Hours? Impossible to tell. It was a chore to demand that they tear their eyes away from this fantasyland printed on the cover to begin another adventure, beginning on page one:

The sky was sunny as Funny Bunny watched the bees who make their honey up in the happy hive on Honey Tree.
“Hey busy buzzy Bees, it sure would be sweet and it would be so neat if you made some yummy honey just for me!” Said Funny Bunny being as nice as he could be.
“Buzz-buzz-buzz” is all the bees said as the busy work of the life they led with no time for bed because the babies they fed were growing like a weed. But old Wise Owl, who is Funny Bunny’s pal and a smart old fowl flew up to visit and explain with a sigh.
“Honey’s not what a bunny needs, your food, such as fresh roots and greens grows from seed, that is on what you feed!”
“I know Wise Owl but honey tastes so sweet and it would sure be neat, and it makes me happy from my floppy ears to my thumpy-jumpy feet…”

On it went, rhyme after rhyme and page after page of sappy cute drawing after sappy cute drawing, a somewhat straight forward and simply little tale of a euphoric, ecstatic wonderland that couldn’t help but chase away your blues and draw the reader (or listener) into a myopic state to the detriment of all else as was evident as the group of children at that first reading so blatantly demonstrated as the local librarian (also her first exposure to the book) enthusiastically read each page and showed the pictures at each pause which was hardly necessary because each parent had already purchased a book for their child on the promise of the cover art alone.
“Watch carefully as the story turns dark” Dirge whispered as she, Lekki and Milt listened from the back of the room, incognito. Dirge ‘disguised’ with her hair bleached blond (was that her natural hair color?) and by wearing conservative clothes that covered her tattooed arms and legs and who was apparently witnessing the reading as just a passerby and not as the author.

…axe in hand came the man who unrolled the plan and eyed the span…

A look of horror washed over the gathered children as if an evil spell had been cast, while the adults hardly noticed a rather subtle and largely innocent plot twist. Nothing but a necessary and essential lesson to the adult mind, a grounding in reality that has turned the story from a pointless fantasy into a worth-while life lesson, a valuable addition that increased the worth of the book for the typical parent and perhaps even justified the cover price.

…the King has declared, and nothing is spared, and it is good and fair and done with care…

So spouts the town crier in the story to the towns people and the gathered forest critters in an explanation of perfect, sound logic and for the greater good of the whole forest kingdom as the parents present at the reading nod their approval and think ahead of who they will recommend this wonderful and special book to, a thought that is broken by what happened next:
“But-but-but Mommy!” sniffs a child on the verge of tears.
“What baby?” One of the mother’s asks in all sincerity and in a total blank of actual, real understanding.
“But-but-but, where will Funny Bunny go?”
“Oh sweetheart! It’s just a story and I’m sure…” And that’s when it hits like a tidal wave! A tsunami of wails and shrieks and blubbering accompanied by red faces and snot bubbles the likes of which the surprised parents have no recourse. The adults (including the librarian, who has read many a story) are baffled and confused. They really, truly didn’t see this coming. Milt and Lekki couldn’t help but look at Dirge with accusing, condemning almost frightening expressions on their faces. Dirge covers her face trying to hide a snort of laughter that escapes her as she runs out of the room and into the hallway. Milt and Lekki follow, almost as if in a rage, like a one couple posse who are out for justice. They find Dirge, safely away but still within the sound of the crying children and their consoling parents, parents whose patients is quickly wearing thin, and Dirge is laughing her ass off!
“You think this is funny? Blurts Milt with some sort of new-found authority as if he suddenly is the portrayer of all that is good and right. A thought that intensifies Dirge’s laughter to new levels because of the simplicity of that trivial redirection. Lekki is standing back pondering a different philosophic angle as she looks through her copy of Funny Bunny beyond the point where the children started crying and skims to the end before adding her comment:
“You really fucking did it didn’t you!” The curse word breaks Milt away from what he feels is righteous anger, as half-hearted as it actually is, and Dirge’s laughter stops and is replaced with an intriguing look towards Lekki.
“How did you do it? How did you know?” Continues Lekki.
Dirge gathers her thoughts as if in happy vindication and with a knowing look, like a teacher whose class has just started, she begins her explanation:
“As children learn, they lose what is important.” Frankly, the statement washes over Milt and Lekki as if it is the ramblings of a crazy person, and due to her personality, it is a factor of the conversation that Dirge rather enjoys. Regardless, she tries to explain using a different tact:
“The investment of a child into a world, their world, is absolute and complete. There are no ‘gray areas’ no second guessing, no doubts or uncertainties, and I’ve provided such a world, a place without compromise, a place just for them, and not adults, and I did it in plain sight. Everyone who has read the book, the editors, the publishers, the board members, teachers, librarians, friends, neighbors, strangers, even you two, read right through it and missed it entirely.”
“Missed what?”
“The fact that you must ask confirms your naivety.”
“Our what?”
“You’re naivety! You’re know-nothing babyish babyism!”
“Babyism?... Is that even a word?”
“Is now!”
“What are you talking about? What did we miss?”
“That!” Dirge says as she points in the direction of the sound of the crying, crying that is far from stopping, in fact it may be increasing, just getting warmed up. Milt and Lekki stare at Dirge, mouths agape and are still far from understanding. Dirge will try one more time, just to put a bow on it. If they don’t get it this time- tough shit! She begins in measured tone, this will be the last attempt, the last try:
“I drew them [the children] into a safe, secure and most importantly, a private world. A world so instinctive and natural that they didn’t even realize where they were. And before they or anyone could give it much thought, I pulled it away. Pulled the rug right out from under them. And they will never forget it!” Dirge continues:
“Academics; professors, psychologists, teachers, they will read it and instinctively determine it as a useful teaching tool, a lesson of the “real world” but they will fail to grasp the real power that has been demonstrated. From this moment forward, those children will subconsciously relate every disappointment, every let-down, every loss, every heartbreak to Funny Bunny and the King and his lumberjacks. A reality that you and I and every adult will find impossible because we have already experienced disappointment and relate it to a million different things, but for them, the new generation, this will be the turning point.” Dirge taps the cover of the copy of the book she carries to help make her point and you can see the crazy in her eyes.
“And that is just phase one. Phase two will not be so subtle. There will be no mistake as what phase two will mean. It will take some time, This…” She traces an all-encompassing ring in the air with her index finger as if to signify the entire world. “…will die away, recede into the subconscious, but when phase two is unleashed, it will all come back with a vengeance, and that’s where you come in Milt.”
“Me? ... What will I do?”
“You? ... You have already done it!” And with that, Dirge clutches her copy of Funny Bunny to her chest, spins on her heals and struts away like a fashion model leaving a runway stage.
She is quite a looker when she gets cleaned up. And as if Dirge/Riv can read Milt’s mind, she pauses at the door and blows the two of them a kiss before she disappears, possibly forever. (If their lucky- they both couldn’t help but think that thought)
Crazy bitch! Another shared thought.




Chapter Eleven


The baby, a boy, Memba, (Mem for short, a relatively common male name in this world) was thankfully born without major complication. And except for the underlying, hidden involvement with the smash hit children’s book; Funny Bunny and the Honey Tree, and its elusive author “Riv,” things have settled into a stable, if not boring routine. Milt and Lekki are quietly astonished that Funny Bunny has become such an icon, with the crying and all that that meant. Parents have reading parties around the book, fully expecting the children’s tears as so many professionals have weighed in on the value of such an important life lesson for developing young children, a thought that can’t help but make Milt and Lekki laugh under their collective breaths:
“Dirge probably laughs herself to sleep every night” Milt confides to Lekki.
“You mean as she rolls around in her piles of money?” laughs Lekki.
There may be some jealousy that they didn’t somehow get in on the ground floor financially of what certainly must have turned out to be such a money making endeavor but knowing Dirge, or Riv [I guess] and being exposed to her thought processes, there is a certain peace and harmony to be completely divested of the entire progression of that endeavor, as lucrative as it may be, even to the point that they have kept the entire affair completely hidden. Milt and Lekki somehow know, even though they never speak much about it, that being associated with Dirge/Riv would be bad news. No thank you! Perhaps they’ll include something about it as a footnote in their memoirs.
Busy with the baby, work, and all else that is life, Milt and Lekki have settled into their domestic routine and the worries of global warming seem mostly far away, reduced largely to just the subject of an occasional but somewhat persistent recurring dream for Milt that he has chosen to keep mostly to himself, perhaps so as not to appear week or troubled and cause Lekki unnecessary worry. Milt read somewhere that many dreams can be a by-product of unfinished business, perhaps even missed opportunities, and he believes that must be the cause of these somewhat troubling ‘mini dramas’ of the night. Sometimes serious and often with an overwhelming aspect that can be even frightening, the dreams feature a parade of people from his past: Hamp, Dr. Hast, and others from the arctic basecamp, people from the ship, Cappy the pilot, the Government Man that took him to the Temple and most frightening of them all: Elder Brown. Oh, how Milt loathes that man! Sometimes he dreams of fighting him, punching his old, sourpuss face, which usually has him waking in a bitter mood.
He sometimes also has dreams of Dirge and those dreams have him waking in quite a different mood. He dreams sometimes that they are kissing passionately, under the warm yellow sun that is above the shady canopy of the magic forest. Other times she is lowering her blouse, her breasts young and full. Those dreams have led to sessions of impromptu and somewhat frantic love making with his wife before the dream has completely faded, a situation that should leave Milt feeling guilty and ashamed, but it doesn’t.

Time marched on, Jek found love; an interesting and rather exotic woman from the tropics who he met while traveling the world working on oil rigs. They move around often and keep in touch with calls and through social media. Jem also married and bought a home nearby. He works at a meat packing plant but surprisingly he finds that the work suits him. Always upbeat and positively optimistic, Jem and his teenage bride, a sassy little firecracker named Jazz, are Milt’s and Lekki’s closest and dearest friends and the two couples can be found at each other’s company nearly every weekend and more.
Milt still harbors strong opinions regarding atmospheric carbon buildup, but it is a burden he deals with mostly alone to prevent undue scrutiny for his friends and family. But that doesn’t mean he is passive about it, in fact, he has expanded his personal writings and keeps a concise data base that includes records of wild and unusual weather events that he theorizes are a related offshoot and an associated condition. This record keeping and journal updating has evolved into a kind of a hobby that has kept his mind occupied to the point that when the inevitable exposure of his own son at the age of four to Funny Bunny and the Honey Tree occurred, he was taken somewhat by surprise.
A normal part of growing up for other families, Milt and Lekki found this a demanding and troubling experience. So many disturbing memories came flooding back. In the end they decided to hold their tongues and let their boy cry and throw a fit just as all the other children have done in an attempt to not single out their son and for him to be able to bond normally with other children, but that didn’t make it easy for them. Milt and Lekki would have long discussions late into the night, wondering what Dirge was doing and what she still might do. (If anything.) The episode re-ignited their general worry of global warming and made them re-evaluate their actions: Their ‘actions’ being the lack of any real action and that fact shamed them. But no matter how they thought it all through, there just didn’t seem to be any clear path to follow. They were just two ordinary people, without meaningful connections or advanced credentials. To step up on a soapbox and demand to be heard would likely be folly and could bring ruin, the actions of a crazy person. Even in more or less unspoken terms, the Elders had made that fact perfectly clear. It is best to just keep their heads down. Even Jem had naturally kept his exposure and knowledge of it all close to the vest and hadn’t mentioned any of it to Jazz, but it was nice when he would comment privately to Milt about a freak storm or yet another record heatwave with an acknowledgement which meant that on some level, he understood how things are.
But now, almost two decades later, and with a preteen daughter, Lesa, and with their son Memba a grown man, and without their consent and with little warning, phase two was initiated.
Here was how that ‘little warning’ occurred:

Milt was walking the short distance from the university to the pod station, a walk that he had taken thousands of times before. As usual his thoughts were revolving around typical domestic concerns: What’s for dinner, why is his hair thinning, why is he getting so fat? I swear I’m eating less and I’m getting plenty of exercise… A shapely blond pops out of a doorway up ahead and she also starts walking towards the station, she has a confident strut that causes Milt to lose his train of thought. [No great loss.] A pleasant sashay, a glide of some maturity, an intelligence radiating from a sure and practiced posture that’s a strange thought! yet Milt is transfixed, and not just in some lusty fantasy. There’s something familiar… The woman disappears into an alcove, gone just as fast as she appeared. The episode leaves him slightly befuddled and he has no idea why. Perhaps that should have left him on guard, prepared for what happened next, but the opposite seemed to have taken place. His mind was a blank, an open book, without even a finger holding its place when the hand grabbed his elbow and pulled him close, face to face with destiny. Imagine his shock and surprise when she asked:
“Remember me?”
Of course, he did. How could he forget? Yet he remained silent.
“Did you miss me?” He did have an answer for that question:
“No!”
“Lier!”
“What do you want?”
“Is that anyway to greet an old friend?” She said in a sultry voice as her eyes narrowed and she pouted her lips.
“Friends? Is that what we are? Since when!”
“Oh, Milty-Milty-Milt. That’s no way to be, after all I’ve done for you.”
“All you’ve done, what have you done?”
“Oh, don’t take that tone Milt” she says as she pokes him in the chest with her index finger and drags her fingertip gently down for an erotic effect, an effect that works faultlessly as Milt’s eyes are diverted down the nape of her neck and stop to rest willingly on ample cleavage for just a split second before he finds his will.
“You fucking psycho bitch!”
Dirge laughs heartily and says:
“There he is! Feel better now?”
“Yes… yes I do.”
“Good… And I missed you too! ... Look, … Now that were all caught up, … I just thought I would stop you and give you a little heads-up. I know it’s been awhile but I’m sure you haven’t forgot, so, it is only fair to warn you…”
“Warn me about what?”
“Midnight tonight, … that’s what!”
“What?” Asks the now aging professor in true absent mindlessness.
“Just make sure you’re plugged into the network sweety, … and give my best to Lekki… You hit the jackpot with her you know. Tootles!” And Dirge (or is it Riv?) turns on her heals and with that silky strut, she glides away. Milt follows her with his eyes for every possible, available second, as if building an exhibit for permanent display and for later reference in the museum of his mind.




Chapter Twelve


As midnight approached, Milt and Lekki have been nervously pacing around for hours. Their Friday nights usually include Jem and Jazz, but they canceled that at the last-minute pretending to be feeling suddenly “under the weather.” Whatever Dirge’s cryptic warning meant, they are determined to not drag their friends and family down if possible. Their son’s visits home from college prep school are monthly now, they expect him next weekend and their daughter, her visits from school are still weekly but she had arraigned in advance that this weekend she would stay with a girlfriend at that girl’s parent’s place.
They tried to pretend that nothing was unusual, just a quiet evening at home before a restful weekend but they kept catching each other staring at the video phone console as if it were a monster, ready to come alive and eat them. They just knew somehow that they were in for something drastic.
“Maybe she is just being dramatic, just pulling are legs, being crazy” Lekki said, trying to see the bright side, being consoling. She instantly wished she could take the words back, pull them right out of the air. Milt wouldn’t dignify such nonsense with even the slightest comment. He knows very well what Dirge might be capable of. If she had taken the trouble to track Milt down and announce some sort of upcoming action or whatever, then that is exactly what will happen, and as midnight clicked ever closer, Milt is sure that whatever it will be, it will begin precisely on time.

“Attention citizens prepare for an important message! Attention-attention, this is NOT a test!” The Emergency Information System repeated its dire warning several times on the screen of the phone console with the usual official tone, only this time with the unusual disclaimer of it not being a test as all ongoing calls and regular programing was suddenly and officially suspended. Milt and Lekki could hardly catch their breath as they huddled in front of the screen like a pair of children. They seemed sure, for some reason, that this world-wide emergency warning was aimed just at them, whatever calamity awaits, they felt as if it must certainly be partly their fault.
The logo of the E.I.S. (Emergency Information Service) superseded any other program or query and filled the screens of billions of devices the world over for the several seconds it took for what everyone presumed to be critical information to be downloaded into the hard drives of each device in a system perfected and tested regularly for just such an emergency. A system so seamless and foolproof that it was all over before any review or assessment could be performed by the government which was, this time, part of the plan all along. A plan so thoroughly and methodically developed that it included in the emergency information download a coded firewall program so complex that any attempt to follow the information with any form of program designed to erase or otherwise compromise this last in-coming data that was just loaded would be met with failure.
A stand-alone, read only file made to resist any attempt to remove or erase, designed to infect and remain in each and every system without compromising any other operations. A file meant to be read (watched actually) by every user connected to the system. [i.e. That meant everybody.]
The official E.I.S. logo on the screen was followed by a professional looking businesswoman sitting at a large desk in what appears to be a large, professional office with an impressive wall of books in an ornate bookcase just behind her. Milt and Lekki gasp. The conservative pantsuit and large, dower glasses can’t hide the hippy-dippy chick that once crashed on their couch.

“Ladies and Gentlemen, presented for you and installed in your devises is the combined efforts of decades of the research of hundreds of dedicated scientists and respected institutions outlining a state of grave concern, and the many changes that will be required going forward…”
This live streaming video is severed, cut off in mid-sentence, as was probably expected, and in a final, critical act of terrorist-like vengeance, another program that was prepared for just such an anticipated government intervention unleashes a computer virus so complicated and powerful that the entire network will be down for at least a week. There will be nothing to watch or read until then but what was just installed in each person’s system, which after millions of users vane attempts to re-establish their server contact, people will open this newly installed file and start watching the only thing left to watch on their corrupted entertainment/information systems:

An unidentified Dirge/Riv narrates this grand, slick production in which she appears to travel the globe pointing out and cataloging the many aspects of climate change such as disappearing coastlines, vanishing glaciers, places of drought and crop failure, species extinction, fisheries depletion and at nearly each of one of these sites of devastation, she illustrates something that the government has kept tightly hidden and under the strictest control, something so powerful and disturbing in this world of government sanctioned and approved “news” in which only praise and glory are presented to the public, this time, in a world absence of real news, even the slightest hint of what she presents has a power almost beyond our comprehension and understanding, something so successfully repressed and censured that such a sight as this drives good people to nearly (and actually) wretch and vomit: She plainly and unapologetically shows in these far-flung and troubled places- images of starving children.

A hard truth of this world, and hidden from the developed, educated sectors, are pockets of non-conforming, racial inferiors that for centuries have been kept on the margins and in a state of general exploitation, a system maintained for certain, high-level elites to, … a, … let’s just say, … use.

Dirge, with her wealth and her ability to manipulate and misdirect, had stumbled into such an arrangement and skillfully and successfully secretly chronicled examples of blatant abuses complete with video proof that includes implications of dozens of well-known and formerly trusted officials engaging in all manner of disgusting and even murderous behaviors for apparently nothing more than their own personal entertainment.
Milt and Lekki and billions other citizens are beyond shocked and severely sickened as Dirge (an unknown acter to everyone else watching this production) drones on in heartfelt seriousness. Her eye contact with the camera, even though behind the lenses of her thick (prop) glasses, is an extension of her connection with her audience and a measure of her sincerity.
Unashamed of what she exposes and defiant in her mission as her ‘evidence’ switches to the raw data and the theoretical hypothesis of the carbon saturation of the atmosphere and what that means for the future of the planet. In that light, the abuses of the elites towards the unfortunates of the world almost starts to make a sick kind of sense. Dirge successively implies that because they are literally doomed, marked as non-essential for any immediate future, the elites, “Our glorious and benevolent leaders”, consider them fair game to “Do with them as they please.” Dirge pauses for the camera to let that sink in.
Tears stream down Lekki’s face as Milt fights with the vile that has invaded his throat but they, like everyone else, dares not turn away. This what we are living for? They can’t help but think, which also means: This is what we will soon be fighting against! One way or another, that realization and the inevitable associated anger builds in each viewer. There are no words needed to define the action that will need to begin immediately. It is a primeval and natural progression. As the people watch, their minds wander with thoughts of destruction, even death and the change that will bring. As Dirge drones on, probably as the only one (besides the people helping her make this film, her “lieutenants” we might call them) who understands this fact: She has sown the seeds of revolution!

The last part of the presentation tells of the future: A two-part scenario in which she makes the case that to turn the tide of excessive carbon build-up, run-away manufacturing will have to be greatly curtailed. The future will be about using things longer, about making things that will last a lifetime. Eliminating purchases of fad and style, exploring and initiating zero carbon energy projects, and a general mindset in which almost everything will be judged for its carbon additions before it is judged as worthy and essential of being pursued.
But all that will actually be the second part of the two-part scenario. The first part will be repugnant and harsh, and it will begin immediately. The woman (Dirge) fills the screen in close-up view. Intense intelligence radiates from her eyes. Her words flow from the heart and she doesn’t mince her words:

“What I’ve detailed here is but a fraction of the situation. The lies behind what you see every day are beyond the scope of just a feature-length presentation. Only time and continuing, on-going investigation will chronical the true nature of the deception that has been established right under our noses, and the type of investigation needed will only be possible with your help. Already, as you watch this, the opposition, the establishment, are moving to squash the movement. Many of you will be called in to support that effort, an emergency mobilization. You must go, it is your duty. We must have law and order. But remember this: We are a people of rugged individualism and strong idealism. We are the masters of our own destiny. You have the good sense to know right from wrong, the difference between good and evil. You have the power to say NO! Mobilizing to provide food and care is different than mobilizing for roundups and detentions or worse. You know that difference. You have the power to choose. There are good, honest people in all levels of our society and our government. We need working infrastructure. There is no need to turn things upside down. Go to work, do your job, but be ready if more is needed, and what will be needed exactly, might not yet even be known, but you are smart people, some things will be obvious as things unfold. We need a triumph of the good. Those in power will offer anything to stay in power. You will know the difference between helping them to persist in the current status quo or to help with the greater good for all humanity. Operate on what will be best for you and for the future of your children and remember; a short-term gain and an empty promise will be useless in a world that can’t be sustained.”




Chapter Thirteen


Milt and Lekki, their mouths dry, their breathing labored and gasping, their minds beyond worry, reduced to a spinning mass of incomplete thoughts and partial realizations. They know, somewhere, that their children, Mem and Les have also watched the same presentation. Uninformed and unprepared, what will be their reaction? Already there is commotion out in the street.
Crowds are gathering, loud voices, anger, shouting, there is a knock on the door. Milt dives into the closet, flipping and tossing things away, he produces the ax handle he took from the farm so long ago. Lekki has a spasm of shock at the sight of this but on some primeval level she is pleased with her man that he wields it as he opens the door:
“Jem! ... Jazz! … I’m so glad to see you! Jem understands and shares Milts delight as the two friends embrace before entering the house. Jazz is less certain and a little confused. Her response is more measured, more average. She is less sure of the facts. Perhaps the video production was a ruse, presented to instill disorder and chaos? Unlike Jem, Milt and Lekki, the entire presentation was new information for Jazz, and she has failed to process it in its entirety. But Lekki and the men have heard the carbon saturation theory before, (especially Milt, he wrote the damn thing and presented it to the Elders! Will they remember? Will they seek revenge? Those thoughts are on the edge of his composure as he interacts with his friends) and they have no trouble believing the other shocking details concerning certain elites that were exposed in the production. Jazz feels different, she is not pleased that some woman, with smooth talk and a convincing video, has come along and ruined her day.
“So, you believe that crap?” The others are stunned at Jazz’s outburst, their spinning thoughts are suddenly halted. It is a foretelling of how others must be viewing the situation and it comes more or less as a complete surprise.
“Honey… it’s true… at least the carbon build-up part” stammers Jem, trying to console his wife.
“How do you know?” Demands Jazz. Milt fields that question:
“Because that part… the global warming? That information came straight from my research twenty years ago. Used word-for-word by that woman, Dirge, or as you might know her, Riv, the author of Funny Bunny and the Honey Tree, which she wrote while staying with us on that couch!” he says as he points to the well-worn sofa that has certainly seen better days. Half of this statement is new information for Jem and he and his wife stare at the identified piece of furniture as if it now suddenly has had a life of its own. It is a statement that has implications that slowly dawn on everyone there that regardless if the production is true or not, they (Jem and Jazz as well) are in this right up to their eyeballs! That reality silently settles in, albeit initially and at different levels and intensities for each of them but nonetheless, it gradually envelops them all.
Jazz looks flustered. The color drains from her face. Things are falling into place. Little things; starting with the embrace at the door between Jem and Milt. Thoughts of certain other interactions and comments between them over the years that she never truly understood before start coming to mind, things like certain knowing comments about the weather. But Jazz is a smart young woman from the country and as bigger things begin to dawn on her, she must sit down. She awkwardly stumbles as she lands her bottom on that now larger than life old couch. She looks up at her husband and her dear friends with eyes that radiate a growing level of terror. Unspoken, the warning spreads through the room like a wildfire. Her thoughts escape her lips mindlessly and also as pure intellect, both at the same time:
“Your research? Funny Bunny? That woman?...” Jazz’s wheels are spinning, she must steady herself for what comes next. A vivid grasping of the situation has occurred in her mind. She looks around the room again, and this time her eyes flash a look of fright and decisiveness:
“They’ll come for you… they’ll come for us all!”




Chapter Fourteen


It was a convoluted trip. The use of their personal pods was out of the question- too easily tracked. They ditched other pods and trucks when on the roads as they mostly traveled at night. They slept under bridges, hid in barns and haystacks. They left with only what they could carry and the clothes on their backs. No messages were left for their children, they could only hope that the ignorance of what their parents are involved in will save them. By the time they made it to where they were going, they were cold, dirty, hungry and exhausted. The foursome shivered in the cold of the night as Milt pounded on the door of the tiny shack. The old, grey haired man ushered them in quickly and with barely a word spoken, he directed them through the hatch to the underground bunker where they were greeted by the welcome heat of a potbellied stove topped with an even more welcome big pot of simmering stew.
“I suspected I might see you again after I seen that, that “emergency warning” on the video, I figured you’d bring the wife and kids so I’ve had a big kettle brew’n each of these last three nights” Said the aged (in his eighties now) Dr. Hampsfor as he brought bowls and spoons down from the cupboard for his guests.
“But I’m a guess’n dees ain’t your kids.”
“No sir. But how did you know we would come here?”
“Jek told me ya bugged-out. Just in time I might add. They tore yer place apart. You was lucky he was in town that day.”
“How did he know?”
“How did he know?... Shit Milty, Jek’s one of our people! I thought you knew that. After all, he introduced you to me, didn’t he?”
Our people, Milt remembered Dirge using that term. The four weary travelers, holding their spoons and with steaming bowls in front of them just looked at the old Doctor as if nothing made any sense anymore.
“Eat! ... Look, don’t worry about a thing. Fill your bellies, get some sleep tonight because tomorrow, you’re gunna be move’n out. Everything’s been planned. Hell, if would’a stayed put, you’d be in da system already” said Hamp as he opened the door of the warming oven and pulled out a golden loaf of fragrant bread and began slicing it up.
“The system?”
“Oh yes! Ya don’t think this whole thing was just thrown together at da last minute do ya boy? Its been nearly twenty years! We got your back, and yer friends. An don’t worry about dem children of yers ether. Dey may be in custody but their surrounded by our people.”
“In custody!” blurts Lekki in a shriek of alarm. Jazz, sitting close to her, rubs her shoulder trying to sooth her.
“Don’t you worry! Da interrogation proved dey don’t know jack shit! You done good!”
“Interrogation?”
“Well sure! ... Look, I’ll be square… this is messy business… but the future of the world is at stake. We do it their way and ninety nine percent of the people will die horribly as a few selected elites’ hole-out for a culled future and live on. We do it our way and, working together, we find a way to be sustainable. But unfortunately, that other one percent, they don’t want to play ball. But they will eventually see the light, an if’n dey don’t… well… dat, could be da messy part!”
Spoons that were just shoveling suddenly pause.
“EAT! ... It ain’t gunna start tonight!”

But old Dr. Hampsfor wasn’t being exactly honest: The messy part was, in fact, well under way.
It took five full days to unravel the computer virus that locked-up the video feeds and by that time, the Federation was ready with their own productions designed to poke holes in Dirge’s hack, but the level of general infiltration was underestimated by the government. While the government reaction would have been effective to the general population, it would have had to have been seen to be effective, and that is where “our people” stepped in. The fragility of the hubs and switchboards used in the web system were never hardened for any kind of physical attack, an oversight well exploited by brave, dedicated underground operatives. But this presented its own problems.
The web (more or less a nameless information/entertainment/communication system that is generally taking for granted by the public) was something relied on and valued greatly, and repeated disruptions weren’t going to make many friends and/or converts to the rebel cause. Especially for a population far from understanding and embracing the concept of global warming. After all, for almost everybody, that was all completely unknown just a few short weeks before. But with that in mind, and with home entertainment now constantly on the fritz, the timely release of a few select block buster, big name immersion productions released world-wide for the local immersion theaters explained and exploited this new and in-demand global warming concept, and they were productions (literally) made to order. And when the authorities figured out what was going on and started shutting down these popular, new productions, the messaging became even more effective as the public became even more skeptical with each repressive government action.
With the web and the theaters in turmoil, the pro-climate alarmists (the rebels) unleashed another aspect: they went old school: They distributed printed fliers. Deep in the countryside, old fashioned, homebrewed printing systems had been at work secretly for years, long before the initial “terrorist unleashing.” They were busy churning out pamphlets, leaflets, brochures, reports, graphs, anything to spread information. The government was caught flatfooted. The printed medium had been obsolete for over a hundred years but as people boarded their pods for work or sat down for their lunch breaks, if they have something in their hands to read, they’re going to read it. And naturally, the hottest topic going was this new concept of global warming caused by carbon saturation interlaced with the juicy reports of the scandals and abuses by named, highly placed government officials who were being exposed with such rapid-fire frequency that those same named officials couldn’t get their hollow-ringing denials out fast enough to counter the defamation. The government tried decreeing bans on the printed materials in an effort to get a handle on the situation which backfired with the obvious theme of “What are they trying to hide?”
But these were just some of the opening salvos, overall, many established concepts were bound to degenerate quickly under the pressure of the rebel information campaign. Events were unfolding quickly that would force people into one camp or another. Raids and detentions of people printing and trafficking the printed materials were countered with the refusal of food deliveries to the government agencies involved in those raids and they were also denied other services as well until the said detainees were released. Without large scale armed forces available to step in and take over such supply system disruptions, the government was largely at the mercy of such tactics, so an obvious and probably natural escalation quickly occurred: Murderous retaliation.
The level of naivety on display was shocking. For a government so used to peace and order, the sloppy, poorly timed, savagely executed, bumbling actions of clearly desperate government officials did more harm than good. What was thought would shock and scare a suddenly difficult population back into submission, only enraged and forced neutral citizens into the rebel camp. But worse than that, systematic retaliation, both organized and on a ‘lone wolf’ level demonstrated how venerable government officials (and workers) really were.
Even as Milt, Lekki, Jem and Jazz slept soundly after that hardy meal, things were escalating to new and increasingly dangerous levels the world over, at a thousand different places and in a thousand different ways. It was an example of out of control actions and reactions that were taking on a life of their own. Those in power were losing control, those in control were losing their power, and the entire ordeal was quickly growing to a point beyond where any one person or organization was able to keep it all under control, much less lead or reign it in to resemble some form of civilized organization. This is an example of a culture newly rushed very far out of its scope, understanding and experience. Everyone involved was harboring doubts and second guessing nearly everything as each new report made the last one seem tame. No one seemed to have a handle on things as everything seemed to be spiraling out of control. Everyone seemed to feel that way except for perhaps one person.




Chapter Fifteen


She looked absolutely fabulous, rested, fit, her stylish, contemporary clothes, her full, silky smooth blond hair and her tasteful, respectable makeup, all perfect in every possible way.
“Milty!” She said as she approached, leaving two well-dressed men behind who seemed to be serving in some kind of bodyguard function and in an exited and animated voice usually reserved for someone who had just returned from an exotic vacation or some other such leisure, she has her arms outstretched for an obligatory (for some reason) hug and cheeky ‘show’ kisses.
“And dear, sweet Lekki, you’re not going to deck me with that wicked right cross again are you?” She says as she pretends to take cover behind her own arms as she playfully ‘puts up her dukes.’
“No…, but the day is a long way from being over Madam.”
“Madam?... Please!... Call me Steph… That’s my real name… it’s time you knew that. Dirge was my goth phase, and Riv, my pen name. But you my dear Lekki, I would be honored if you and Milty over there, it would be my humble wish and greatest joy that you two should use my birth name or any nickname you wish, Even if it’s insulting! I can take it! Because I owe you everything!
It was hard to respond negatively after such a defusing statement, but deep down they wanted too. After all, their lives had been turned upside down and it was her fault. Crazy Bitch came to mind as a fitting nickname.
“I don’t believe we’ve meet. Steph is my name; you may have heard of my book; Funny Bunny and the Honey Tree? Written under my pen name Riv? It was very successful” she said as she approached Jem and Jazz with her hand out for a handshake. Jem took her hand as Jazz exclaimed:
“I believe you hosted a certain documentary not long ago?”
“Oh, that… Yes, a most unsavory but necessary piece of business. I do hope that it hasn’t put you out too much, but seeing that you are here, I fear it probably has, and for that I do apologize. Please allow me to try and make amends” she explains as Jazz also allows her to shake her hand.
“Now then, there will be plenty of time to get you all updated on what is happening as we travel, and frankly, it is my hope and wish that I can convince you all to become our allies in this current endeavor.”
“Do we have a choice?” Asked Lekki flatly.
“Of course, dear! But as you understand and grasp the level of your involvement already, and the depths that the forces against us are ready and undoubtably willing to deploy, you will see the limited scope of the options available to you.” This is a statement that cuts right to the bone for all four of these unwitting refugees. A statement prompting a reaction from Lekki that in hindsight probably could be considered automatic:
“What about our children?”
“Well Lekki, you certainly cut right to the heart of the matter.” There is an awkward pause and it is clear to Lekki and Milt that ‘Steph’ has some additional information on that subject.
“Look… I’ve been struggling on how I was going to break this to you…” Lekki’s heart sinks.
“There’s been a development, a complication… When you were discovered missing and your children were detained and questioned, regardless that they knew nothing of your plans, or your location or your alleged level of involvement, we learned that their detainment was going to be used as leverage for Milt’s public denouncement of his carbon saturation theory.”
“My what?”
“Oh Sir, they can be very persuasive, the statement was already written and approved by the Council of Elders…”
“Was going to used?” Interrupts Milt, impatient for Steph to get to the point.
“That is quite impossible now my dear, your children are no longer being held, I authorized a mission to spring them, to bust them out, and the result of that is what I find myself struggling about.”
“Are they safe? What happened?” Demands Lekki as she advances on Steph, perhaps ready to demonstrate that right cross once again after all.
“They are fine, physically, and waiting for us at where we are headed.”
“Fine physically?” spats out Lekki as she can’t help but tighten her fist as she asks that and advances further, right up to Dirge/Riv/Steph’s face. The two men that flank Steph, a couple of her ‘lieutenants’ it is presumed, advance slightly. She waives them back and continues:
“The operation was chaotic, and I understand it broke down. At one point someone grabbed your daughter violently, in an effort to gain leverage during the heated confrontation and your son, in a split second ‘decision’ apparently grabbed the nearest and most available thing that could be used as a weapon, a flagpole, and ran the man assaulting your daughter through the neck with it. Needless to say, it was an unfortunate and disturbing event and I take full responsibility.”
“And this… this man?”
“Deceased… quite thoroughly deceased.”
Jem gasps and the color drains from all four of their faces as they process this troubling information. Not only has their precious children been exposed to the degradation and confusion of arrest and detainment, but also a heinous act of psychologically damaging violence? Add to that that they are also most certainly now wanted for arrest? Probably for capital murder? It is a nightmare. Lekki is gasping, panting, her anger focused directly at the woman facing her, her fists are doubled-up tight. Steph removes her glasses (apparently truly prescription now) and sticks her chin out in anticipation with a hardened look on her face, but the blow does not come. After an appropriate pause of such primeval tension, Steph puts her glasses back on and calmly continues:  
“I am so-so sorry. Your son’s action would certainly be considered an act of warranted defense in a fair court…”
“In a fair court.” The statement that Lekki now repeats calmly and in a measured tone says more than just mindlessly repeating an obvious statement, it hints at their alliance, their position, their political future, all of that might as well be set in stone from this moment forward for Milt and Lekki. Jem and Jazz clearly also silently join them wholeheartedly in this new position. There will be no vacillating from this point forward. They look towards Dirge/Riv/Steph and as difficult as it is fathom and as unsettling as it is to bear, they look to her, they look towards their leader.




Chapter Sixteen


The entire entourage enter what appears to from the outside to be a typical farm truck, but one with rather luxurious accommodations secretly built inside, complete with paneling, draperies, floor and ceiling lamps, woven area rugs, lounge chairs, small tables and a built-in refreshment station.
“Here, try this” Steph says as she passes a fancy beverage that she has concocted herself at the well-stocked station that is built right into a bulkhead of this luxurious appointed (inside at least) vehicle.
“You look like you could use one” she adds. Ice clinks as Lekki takes the fancy refreshment from her. It is an appealing little concoction with a piece of fruit pushed onto the rim of the glass and the fact that Steph made it herself instead of having one of her minions do it for her actually adds to the appeal. She takes a draw of the sweet, tangy liquid through the straw and she can feel its kick.
“Alcohol!” She spats as if she is being poisoned.
“Relax! It will clear your head” she says as she passes more of the mixture around to the others. (Not the staff. They stay on constant alert as they monitor equipment and keep surveillance using video screens instead of windows, each of them show a somewhat disturbing ‘thousand-yard stare’ on their faces as they monitor the displays.)

Alcohol, largely eliminated from the general public over the years, is considered to be an artifact and a relic of the criminal class or used experimentally by rebellious teenagers, and is something that any upright, honest, forthright citizen wouldn’t be caught dead with. (At least publicly. Actually, somewhere in almost every household, a bottle of something exists- for ‘emergencies’ or for ‘cooking’ as a common excuse.) But with all things considered lately and in light of the fact that by all intents and purpose they are now exactly one of those first two things, (criminal class that is) Lekki and the others drain the glasses and hand them back for more.
“Easy does it! We have a long trip ahead of us” warns Steph as she mixes another round.

Artificially relaxed and temporally removed from the constant state of paranoia that they have found themselves in for what has become a most troubling of weeks, (Has it been only a weeks? Seems like a lifetime.) Steph presents a literal bombardment of the most sensitive information about nearly every aspect of her plans and actions in a manner almost as if it is all secrets shared at a slumber party with her most intimate friends. The level of her revelations could be seen as both an expression of her trust and/or an admission of her loneliness. A third possibility also exists as well but they fail to think of it: They may never be allowed to leave to tell the story. Maybe that is why she exposes herself this way, forcing herself to face the fact that if things should go awry, she might be saying too much on purpose, solving a potential future problem with her current lack of discretion to force her hand later. No one said being a genius doesn’t have its pitfalls.

“…all of this initial disruption, the establishment of action and reaction is to set the parameters, to define the levels that will be needed, to see how far they’ll go and to see who will rise up and take the lead. Then we will have our targets, that’s when we will act.”
“But what will you do?”
“By then they, everybody will be all talked out, one shocking action after another, each more terrible and heinous then the last, a cycle of revenge and retaliation with no end in sight. A cycle of violence so far beyond the initial issues, with everyone involved blinded with hatred and thirsting for satisfaction that by the end, the conclusion, the finish will be inevitable.”
“But with everyone blinded by hatred and thirsting for satisfaction, won’t the same bloodbath that you claim to be preventing happen anyway? Aren’t you just speeding it all up?”
“Everyone involved is blinded by hatred and thirsts for satisfaction, that is when I unleash the group that I have groomed for these last twenty years, the faction with the power and the voice that cannot be ignored. Even you will heed their desires. You and everyone else will be powerless to resist, and even if you did, even if you could, the learning and upbringing of their past combined with the shock of todays reality and the ultimate aspect that they will outlive us all guaranties their success. Because that faction, the undisputed finalist of the race that is the human race, are the young. Do you think they will allow these mistakes to continue? Do you think they will be able to stomach the disgust? To jump into the older generations pointless fight? To put their lives on the line for some forgotten, insane, downright silly and stupid concepts? Their dog in this fight is a sustainable world, free of tired, obsolete notions that are as foreign to them as desert sands are to the whale.”

Milt, Lekki, Jem and now Jazz are, at least slightly, mesmerized. It might be the alcohol, but yet once again, this woman, whatever she calls herself today, has made the insane believable, the crazy credible, the wild tame. You just know you will wake up tomorrow and ask: “What was I thinking?” But today, it clicks. Add in the fact of all she has done already and their support for her becomes an obsession. Just look at her lieutenants, models of discipline and efficiency, robot like in their obedience. How did that happen? It’s a safe bet it wasn’t by force or coercion.

They sit back in their seats and put their drinks aside. That will be enough of that! They sit in quiet reflection while being jostled around as they travel blindly to an unknown destination accompanied by complete and possibly dangerous strangers that are led by a crazy person. Only the promise of reconnecting with their children and a lack of other options keep them calm, but they are far from content. It is a maddening reality to be willfully associated, attached to, under the direction, led by even, by the one person responsible for everything that has happened. And somehow it has become their choice! How the fuck did that happen?
But it did happen. That is a fact. Milt and Lekki’s son has killed a man in defense of their daughter. Violently killed a man! That is something on a scale and of such profound seriousness that they can’t help but grasp the fact that their own children have exceeded them somehow, passed them up in experience, became something different, will they be able to relate to them now? What will change? Everything? Nothing? They look at Dirge/Riv/Steph and think it’s her fault! It’s all her fault! All of this! Everything! They want to hate her. Even Rem and Jaz feel this way, at least at some level. They’re not sure how they know that exactly, but they know it just the same. They all know it. They stare at Steph as they think things through. Who is this woman? She sits and reads a never-ending string of dispatches. The latest and best information available. She occasionally marks a dispatch and opens a notebook and makes an entry, then the notebook goes straight back into her handbag, never leaving her sight. You can bet she sleeps with that notebook. What does she record? The fate of the world? The future of mankind? All that and more, much more. It is all too much. Way too much! Finally, Lekki can take no more. She steels herself and rises from her seat, ready to take the few steps and cross the small, jostling room, to confront the monster. Milt, Jem and Jazz watch with bated breath. The tension is thick, weighing them down as if they are tide-up and under a heavy, wet blanket, unable to move as they watch Lekki approach the beast. It is the bravest thing they had ever seen. The hero that must slay the monster or die trying. Steph raises her eyes from her current report and watches her approach, too late to question, comment or to physically respond. Her lieutenants are also unable to assist. This is between the two woman and it will be settled between them and them alone. Lekki sets down gently beside the leader, right on the arm of her chair. Their eyes meet. A connection is made, woman-to-woman. The effort is made, a great effort. The wind pushes from her chest and is used to form the sound- the words that leave her lips. The most important words ever spoken:
“How long before we reach my children?”




Chapter Seventeen


How dare they! is all Elder Brown can think as he stomps around the sacred chamber, throwing anything that isn’t nailed down in is rage. Priceless vases, ancient, hand carved bookends, exquisite pen and pencil sets, crystal paperweights, all take flight and smash against the walls as staff cringe and take cover. He should be enjoying his retirement, fishing at his lakeside chalet, attended by his domestics, awaiting his diner, but NO! Some force, some chain of events, some woman has forced him, dared to muddle in such matters, displayed such insolence, made a laughingstock out of, … the lights go out, … again!
“Shit-dammit!” and something else goes smash, the exact object is unknown because of the sudden darkness.
“That generator should have been filled by now, dammit all!”
“Yes, your excellency… but the shipment may have been contaminated.”
“CONTAMINATED!!!” “SMASH!!!” Something else becomes a victim of the old man’s fury.
“The shipment appears to have been watered down, … the technician reports that the filter housings must now be drained, and the elements replaced, and then the injectors must be blead…”
“How long will THAT take!?!”
“Not long, an entire crew is busy on that, but the problem is locating a fresh supply of fuel. The entire city’s supply may be compromised…”

The Federation Capital has been the hardest hit by the rebel supply chain and labor interruptions. Bringing the great computers down by cutting the power grid and keeping them down by disrupting fuel deliveries for the back-up generators, that has bought time for other, more devious and possibly more enduring actions such as installing corrupted software, signal transmitters, keystroke identifiers and a host of other spyware devices in key, data-gathering positions that will provide the rebel cause with valuable intelligence while simultaneously throwing a monkey wrench in normal Federation operations, all with the added bonus of really pissing off Elder Brown and his ilk.
But the disruptions aimed here at the capital and designed to occupy government forces in a dance of misdirection and annoyance are intended to infuriate as much as anything and are just a fraction of a greater assault underway while more important espionage unfolds: Critical contacts and wavering key officials must be solidified to the cause quickly during this early and crucial phase, and not just here but in regions all over the world. Twenty years of planning, backroom deals, pledges of allegiance, vows of loyalty all to be now initiated in one fell swoop of confusing and perplexing chaos (the latter being mostly the brainchild and the hallmark of Steph) and it all must be done promptly and completely, often with those officials that waver made to understand that complete compliance must be obtained or they will be replaced with those that will. (“Replacement” it was stressed by those in charge of this aspect, could be forced, and baring the success of that, could be made permanent, extremely permanent.) [Hey, they’re not pussy-foot’n around here!] Add to that the ticklish aspect that a complete supply chain shutdown must be avoided as to not disenfranchise and alienate the general public who require a steady supply of food, water and general services including minimal disruptions with their employment. How will this be all possible? It’s not, and Steph knows it, but somehow, she has managed to convince many that it is not only possible, but that it is all inevitable. Can she pull it off? Close the deal? Frankly, the chances are slim. But she may not have to. A prolong chaos might bring the forces against her crashing down under their own weight. She wants to believe that. Sure, extended disruption might turn public opinion against her movement, and that might even happen quickly but, the public will have to realize that she is in charge for that to happen to her personally, and all she is publicly (so far) is just a nameless actor in a slick video production as far as anyone (including the government- at least for now) is concerned. But she has many more tricks up her sleeve:

“Milty darling, only you can explain this carbon saturation thing with any conviction. (She can play the dumb blond quite well when she wants to.) With you as the face and as the mouthpiece and the only one available to answer questions, and the man who will probably be eventually in charge of the entire research division of that department, you could be the one to persuade, to convince, to push all of this over the top, to define our goals, to be the hero of the future. I, we, need you to pull this off.”
“Me?”
“Yes you! ... I’m just a simple, country girl Milty boy… No one’s going to take me seriously. (Understatement of the year!) But you, … you have the chops. With the help of my, … a, … our production team, we’ll go live over the E.I.S. with one last special broadcast, an urgent appeal where we put all the cards on the table. Just the facts, a make it or break it production where we put the decision and the outcome in the hands of the people. Where we make it clear that this uprising must end, we’ll make it clear that this cannot go on indefinitely, we will explain that all of this was only to make your discovery known, to force the action to be taken and then we will apologize for all the inconvenience that has been caused.”
“What? ... Everything you’ve done is only about that? We’re kidding me! ... Don’t you want to rule the world?”
“Rule the world?” Steph looks like she is growing frustrated.
“RULE THE FUCKING WORLD!?! ... Are you fucking kidding me? ... Who the FUCK do you think I am!”
“Well, I just thought…”
“YOU THOUGHT WRONG!... I’m just a children’s writer… and I’m only that because of you… Rule the fucking world!... of all the…”
“You’re so full of shit!” Lekki has spoken. Steph turns to her, eyebrows raised, intrigued.
“You butter-up my husband, offer him to be the face of the revolution, … don’t you mean the target? While you stay safe in the background?”
“It wasn’t my idea” interrupts Steph.
“Don’t give me that bullshit…” Just then this converted cargo truck comes to a stop. There is the sound of instant and impatient releasing of the outside door latching and in a fluid move, the door bursts open and in jumps a lively and animated young man. He thrust himself across the small sitting room and embraces Lekki as she is rising from her chair.
“Son!” Sniffs Lekki and she buries her face in the young man’s chest as a demure young girl enters behind him and Milt wraps his arm around her shoulders. The tender moment doesn’t last long before the young man, Memba, breaks away and turns toward Steph and asks:
“Did you ask him? Will he do it?” Milt and Lekki’s eyes turn towards Steph. An explanation is in order.
“Your son and I had some time to talk before I left to pick you two and your friends up. With all that has happened, I felt it was only fair that he knew the truth. He’s read your papers.”
“He’s what? How dare you…”
“Come on Dad, I already knew about it. You think I wasn’t curious about your notes and journals? I first got into them when I was twelve! Luckily, I mentioned it to Jem, and he told me to keep it under my hat. It’s a good thing too because that’s all those government goons wanted to talk about. I just played dumb. I knew Lesa didn’t know a thing about it... It’s a good thing Steph’s people busted us out when they did because I’m sure they were preparing use torture on us, I don’t know if I could stay quiet long if they did that” Mem said, acting sure of himself and apparently under no duress about the unfortunate ‘incident’ that happened as they were being rescued. The young girl on the other hand, she clung to her father as if she would never let go. Her mother joined them.

Memba was being far from completely honest with his parents just then. He had been in contact, sought out actually by members of underground rebel factions while in college. Due to who his father is, those actions quickly attracted the attention of the movement’s leader herself. Steph and Memba by this time had built a solid relationship that included a plan for his father to personally present to the world the details of his thesis. Memba thought and Steph agreed that as the pioneering researcher of the carbon saturation theory, his voice on this matter would be the most trusted and therefor the most convincing on the important subject. But will he brave the danger of being the face of such a strategy? Is it wise or fair to even ask that of him? Memba believes that he might risk it. In fact, he has decided that it might be insulting not to at least ask him to do it. They will make it clear that he is under no obligation and that other means are available should he wish to remain behind the scenes which is perfectly understandable…

“Attention-attention…” what is left of the Emergency Information Service (a system currently far from being completely disabled, regardless of the disruptions at the capital) has begun an emergency data transmission.

“…Stand by for an important policy update from the inner sanction of the Temple of the Federation Capital…”

This is a development that has caught everybody, including and especially Steph, completely off guard. Frozen in mid thought, they all can’t help but focus all of their attention to the video monitors:

A view of Elder Brown appears in slick, professional fashion sitting behind a lavish, huge and somewhat cluttered and highly polished desk where he sits in front of a fantastic backdrop of a portion of the hallowed halls that is normally hidden from the general public’s view. In this setting, a bank of the Great Computers (their existence is almost a myth for most folks) whir and blink away. It is a scene undoubtedly designed to inspire awe and astonishment. Steph already doesn’t like where this is going, and she can’t hide her disappointment as she involuntary frowns.

“…these past weeks have seen the unleashing of a unfortunate and unnecessary chain of events, so shocking and of such importance that the carefully planned and measured government response has been superseded and compromised so completely with false and fabricated accusations that have no other objective than to cause chaos and spurn discontent for no other reason than to advance the positions of treasonous criminals under a ruse of manufactured discontent…” Elder Brown’s voice rises slightly and he pounds his fist on the desk as he displays his indignation of it all. He continues:
“It is a complicated, complex and difficult issue that we have been taking careful and comprehensive measures to address and resolve when, to our surprise and frankly, our horror, criminal actors in positions of scholarly access took treasonous and seditious actions in the hope of achieving personal gain for themselves and without demonstrating the slightest remorse of the damage and mistrust that they have caused. Yes, such crimes did take us by surprise. We, so busy as we have been grappling with such a new and potentially devastating world-wide crisis of global climate change due to excess atmospheric carbon saturation, that and an infiltration of power-hungry criminals set on selfish, personal gain, which seemed unthinkable during such a predicament and time of crisis. But, you and I, we, have seen it with our own eyes!” The old man, no stranger to intrigue and trickery, lets those statements sink in before he continues in more measured tones:
“But here we are, wallowing in a sea of misinformation. With doubt cast on our leaders just as we need them the most, which was their devious plan all along. An effective strategy only if we fall for it. If we let them do this to us. You, we, we’re smarter than that. They may have got a jump on us, plucking our collective heartstrings by portraying us as a heartless government with apparently not a clue, but can you really believe that? Put yourselves in our place. Do you think it would be easy to announce that our entire way of life will have to be fundamentally changed? And as we work out how to prepare and formulate exactly how this will be presented effectively and in such a way as to prevent panic, bad actors with no other agenda but securing personal power at the cost of order and security go on this rampage of disorder and revolution!” The old man has lost all concept of restraint as he has risen out of his chair and pounds on his fist on the desk as he speaks:
“In this time of trouble and change? I condemn them! I condemn them all to censure and more! How dare they! It is an insult to me and to you as well! We will get to the bottom of this! Mark my words! Justice will be served!” The camera has slowly zoomed in on the old man’s face. His piercing dark eyes convey his sincerity as he stares down the camera lens right into the viewer’s souls. (Did he pick that technique up from Steph?) After a heavy and appropriate pause, he gathers his notes and slowly sits back down and as if shifting gears, he begins again in a more civil manner:
“One thing is certain, due to the rebel’s action, the veil is off. The search for a palatable, acceptable method of presenting the changes required for reducing and eventually eliminating excess atmospheric carbon saturation has become moot. The condition is quite real, and we have been taking steps behind the scenes for decades, but they have fallen short. The next phase will involve real and debilitating public sacrifice, and this is the trigger that prompted the rebels. They thought they could use this situation for personal gain. They are the ones that resist change. They are the ones that have their cozy, comfortable way of life on the line. They want the disaster. While chaos and anarchy reign, they, behind the scenes, position themselves and their families to cling to the habitable parts of the planet and to eventually inherit a world of far less human competition…”
As Steph watches she realizes the bottom has dropped out from under her world. I’ve been beaten to the punch. In a matter of minutes, she has been transformed from possible world savior to probable public enemy number one. She looks around the room at her loyal followers, how long before they turn on me? They watch spellbound as Elder Brown has begun listing some of the many changes that will be needed, both immediate and long-term. Her staff seem almost giddy at the prospect that their work has had such an effect. The changes needed are going to happen! But Steph has already thought past that. She envisions something completely different ahead.




Chapter Eighteen


Steph had already disappeared into the night long before the celebrations had really even gotten started. “Gone like the setting sun” didn’t she once say that? The rebels had both won and lost. They were ecstatic that their environmental concerns were now being taken seriously. In their minds that fact overruled their involvement in a criminal enterprise. Most of them considered it all to be a future resume enhancement as much as anything. Still, Milt noticed and worried about Steph’s sudden disappearance. While everyone else probably assumed she had more pressing business somewhere else to attend to, but, even so, Milt gathered his family and his friends, Jem and jazz, and convinced them all to make an early and rather secretive exit from the festivities that were building around them.
Once outside and with at least Jem and Jazz still certainly fired-up and pleased with their contribution to the cause that has had such a positive effect, and pleased of the more hopeful future that it all seemed to promise, just the same Milt, Lekki and especially Memba were feeling apprehensions. Jem and especially Jazz have had such a limited exposure involving the movement, that they felt no worries whatsoever about what may come. Milt on the other hand, with his work as the basis of much, if not all of this, and Memba, with his earlier association with Steph and the other rebels which could still certainly cause him trouble, and the fact that he will certainly face investigational inquiry and probable charges for what happened while he was being rescued. I need time to think! They decided to take their chances and try to board the pod train back to the city before added security measures at the terminal gates became imposed.

It is a clear, warm summer night as they walked across the farm fields surrounding the safehouse, making a beeline on foot to the pod station under the bright moonlight. Even with their uncertain futures, the celebratory atmosphere continued. They had won! The world would operate under the fact that carbon saturation is real, and they were responsible for that. No matter what happens, no one will ever take that fact away. They were almost a mile away from the safehouse and they could still hear the celebrations; shouts and hoots of laughter, singing and dancing, certainly alcohol has found its way in there by now. Maybe they should have stayed, missing out on the fun is sad but some force kept them moving and just as the sounds were ceasing to be carried their way by the wind, was that thunder? The hot flash of the shockwave threw them to the ground and as they lay plastered to the dirt, the next sound that followed was an ear-splitting, rumbling thunder- the likes of which they had never heard before.

The government may have lacked huge numbers of uniformed military personal but that didn’t mean there wasn’t other forces that could be brought to bear. High above the so-called “safehouse” an unmanned, armed observation drone was switched from observation to attack mode. The missile released quickly accelerated to well above the speed of sound and except for the sonic boom emitted early in that flight, it struct the structure in complete silence. After the shockwave had threw them to the ground, the initial ear-popping boom was followed by the sound of raining debris that seemed to last forever until that sound was replaced by the most complete silence possible, which reigned as a lasting exclamation until that too was broken by the sound of faraway dogs barking as they dusted themselves off and rose slowly to their feet. You must remember that in a world void of war, (and war movies, war video games, war novels etc.) what had just happened was slow to dawn on them as to what it actually was. But as they looked back towards where they had just been, there was no mistaking that the large building had been replaced by a trough of freshly tilled earth, surrounded by scraps of plaster, sticks of lumber and chunks of concrete that were spread evenly in all directions, but it was the sight of the pantleg flapping in the breeze that was anchored to the earth by the boot that was still attached to a detached section of a human leg that brought the scene in front of them into frightening focus. That and the growing light of approaching vehicles that were making their way ever closer.
“Quick, into the woods” shouted Milt and off they ran with their ears still ringing to disappear into the tree line just as the first government trucks stopped at the scene and out scrambled armed, uniformed men.

By daybreak, cut, scratched, bruised and exhausted, the six of them had made it through the woods and to a service road where Milt and the three woman (actually, two women and a girl) rested in the bushes while staying out of sight while Jem and Memba scouted ahead. With no supplies and just the clothes on their backs and no sustenance but water out of a creek hours ago and miles back, they were already in bad shape. Milt could barely keep his eyes open as Lekki had fallen asleep with their daughter Lesa in her arms. Jazz was keeping watch just ahead, closer to the road and waiting for the return of the men. The sound of a truck stopping woke those who had fallen asleep. Jazz, half crawling, made her way back and whispered:
“Time to move.”
Jem, dressed in the overalls of a trucking company, along with Memba quickly helped them into the back of the truck where they joined a tied-up, blindfolded and gagged young man in his underwear who was detained among thousands of loose ears of corn.
“Keep his blindfold on” orders Jem.
“If he sees us, will have to kill him.”
The man, obviously the truck’s original driver, upon hearing that, made no effort to wiggle out of the blind fold, in fact he makes an extra effort to keep his head turned away.
“Here” Jem tosses up a half a six-pack of soda from the cab.
“Give him some if you can spare it.”

Jem is driving and Memba rides shotgun. In the back, Milt and the girls ration the soda pop and nibble on raw ears of corn. Lesa helps the hostage drink and he is smart enough to cooperate fully and he is taking zero noticeable interest his captors. Jem and Memba roughed him up pretty good and their threat to kill him was taken to heart, but still Lesa feels sorry for the young man and she sits close with him and has dressed the bleeding of his forehead.
“I’m real sorry about all this, but it’s just that we’re in quite a jam right now and I just want you to know that if you help us get away, my friends won’t have to come back here and kill you. You wouldn’t want that to happen, would you?” The young man shakes his head no.
“That’s a smart boy” Lesa says as she puts her arm around him.
“It’s going to be long drive so you might as well be comfortable” she says, and the young man pushes himself closer. Milt and Lekki shoot their daughter an unapproving look but under the circumstances, they let it slide. They want to remined the fellow that she has just turned thirteen, but they must remain silent, so he doesn’t know how many and of what sex they all might be. The less he knows, the better it is for everybody.

Luckily for them all, Jem paid attention as they made their way to the safe house earlier and Mem had even shared in some of the driving as he traveled the same route before with Steph. (Memba was fascinated with the operation of the vehicles and couldn’t wait to give it a try) So, together they had pretty good idea of how to get to the only place they could think of to go.
It took all day and most of the night before they arrived and despite how chummy Lesa and the hostage had become and the fact that twice as Lekki woke from exhausted cat naps and found her daughter and the young man engaging in downright fondling, that might have been for the better because it kept him occupied and his mind off of escape but regardless: I’m going to have a talking to with that girl!
About a mile from their destination, they stopped, and Jem and Mem got out and joined the others in the back. They led the driver back to behind the wheel of the truck and after everyone else was out of sight, they explained that after they cut his bindings and removed his blindfold, they expected him to keep his eyes forward and to get his truck moving. They also informed him that they had recorded his personal information from his identification and explained that they were part of a much bigger conspiracy (quite believable in this new era of revolution) so he might as well think of something to explain his detention if he was missed during this little side trip or he may still meet up with danger.
“Your lucky my sister took a shine to you, it’s the only reason your still alive.”

With the truck motoring away, the group disappeared over a fence and into the woods. It was a relatively short distance to where they are going but, even so, travelling now will consist of ditching vehicles, hiding from others, shooting gaps in the open fields as the others watched out, crouching, keeping low, waiting for strangers to clear out, etc. Seeing your comrades vaporize in a fiery explosion can be a real damper on the ease of travel you may have enjoyed before.




Chapter Nineteen


Smoke is rising from the stove pipe, but not the gray trickle you would expect from a dampened coal fire in a pot-bellied stove. No, here are puffs of white and blue with ashy embers sparking up out of the stovepipe every now and then. It didn’t look right. Not that any of them knew what right should look like. Jem and Mem scouted ahead. They crawled, slipped, crouched and otherwise made their way stealth-like towards a window. The curtain was drawn but by looking in at just the right angle, Memba could see the cause of the erratic smoke. He tapped a little pattern of a knock on the window frame, something personal or perhaps a pre-determined code of some sort. Memba waves at Jem to stay back as he waits at the window for an answer. After a quick hand signal, Memba slips over to Jem:
“Sneak the others over here one at a time if you have to, stay in the bushes all the way, there may be drones above us.” Jem scampers towards the others who are hiding nearby to start to do exactly that.

It is a drawn-out process to get everyone inside, a process that they will have to get used to. This is their life now, and if they want that life to last, these kinds of things and much more will have to be endured, like it or not.

“You?... Where’s Dr. Hamp?” Lekki asks the well-worn, fizzed hair, smeared make-up, grubby clothed shell of a woman sitting by the stove tearfully tearing pages from her notebook and feeding them into the fire.
“Sniff… He’s outback…, under the apple tree…, sniff.”
“What?”
“Hamp…, Dr, Hamp…, under the apple tree…, that’s where I buried him.”
“What?... How?...”
“…I don’t know…, in his sleep I guess…, I mean I found him in his bed…”
“…But how?...”
“How the fuck should I know Lekki!... I mean he was old as dirt!”
“…I’m sorry… I’m just surprised… overwhelmed I guess.”
“You and me both sister! Just another disheartening disappointment. You’d think I would be getting used to them by now.”
“But…, but…, but…, what happened?” Asked Lekki as all eyes turn towards Dirge/Riv/Steph.
“Well, … let’s start with this…” She flips a switch that starts playing back the latest video download from the E.I.S. system:

“…Attention-attention-attention…, this is not a test!” A hurried looking production starts out-of-focus of what appears to be a worried and distraught looking medical doctor holding a clipboard who starts to speak as face covered masked technicians, many in full bio-suits scurry around behind her:
“Details are just coming in, but the early evidence shows conclusively that apparently rebel criminals, in a last-ditch effort of some sort of vengeful retribution, have, as they were being closed in on, released a highly contagious pathogen in the form of an infectious respiratory, possibly deadly flu-like virus.” A collective gasp circles the tiny room.
“…a mandatory quarantine, curfew and travel ban are in effect starting immediately and until further notice…”

The message and the special instructions went on with an emphasis on pointing the blame to the heartless, vengeful, savage criminal rebels so as to leave no doubt that the public enemies that everyone should be assisting the government in every way possible to apprehend should be relentlessly pursued without remorse. Tip lines and the names and contact information of special investigators are scrolling across the bottom of the screen continually during the emergency message. Everyone except Steph are stunned after watching. Lekki must ask:
“Is this true? Did you know about this?”
“If there has been a virus released, which I doubt, the Federation released it.”
“You don’t think there is a virus?”
“Think about it! ... What better way to clear the streets, what better way to allow them to do whatever they want! To prevent witnesses, to keep everyone indoors. Just post a few goons in bio-suits out on the street and nobody will dare to go outside while they round-up everyone and anyone they please, and all of that and more is now conveniently taking place behind the scenes. I should have thought of it myself! No, this is it! The last straw! The nail in the coffin. They’ve turned our concerns into their own cause and with this latest addition, painted us as worse than evil! I should have seen it coming! How could I have been so stupid?”
“But we’ve won” exclaims Jem.
“The carbon saturation problem has become known. Now measures will be taken, alternative energy systems will be utilized, the future will…”
“Will it? ... You don’t think it will be just a hop-skip-and-a-jump before ‘new information’ will surface? You think people will embrace a world of deprivation based on what criminals have claimed? No, they have blocked every avenue, their thoroughness is impressive, dastardly, but impressive nonetheless. Think about it. Weeks and months in lockdown, no money coming in, relying on the government for food and medical care. Long term hardship based and blamed on ‘carbon reduction’ measures while every little joy is doled by the benevolent masters of the Federation while a world of growing disappointment is blamed on those heartless rebels. And if you don’t like it, well hey, the person who speaks up about it, well shit, that person just might have been cooperating with the rebels! Take them away! Just the sort of pressure to keep everyone else in line.”
Once again, this woman has left her audience spellbound. But, this time her prophetic words point to their own doom. Yet, she is not disagreed with, not debated, nor hated. Perhaps everyone one is just too exhausted. Even Jazz, who has only recently been exposed to all of this, even she looks to her as some sort of oracle, a bastion of truth, a defender of right. All Steph has done is present to the public scientific facts and exposed evildoers. Others may have gone too far but she hasn’t hurt a fly. At least as far as Jazz can tell. They all feel that way, at least on some level. The other side certainly went too far and quite early in the uprising. Memba and Lesa’s arrest and detention are proof of that. If that hadn’t of happened, there would be a man walking around instead of with a flagstaff where is trachea used to be and after that, the drone strike at the safehouse erased any lingering doubts. But all that matters little now. You can’t change the past. But what of the future? What to do?




Chapter Twenty


Milt’s world is one with several basic structural social differences that many of us in this world wouldn’t easily understand. As mentioned earlier, it is a world of rugged individualism and of self-reliance where people are expected and proud to pull their own weight. Where it is believed that the one person most able and thoroughly vested to make decisions for that person is that person themself. Government is organized to facilitate only in leveling the playing field with regulations regarding safety and shared opportunity (fair banking practices and public works contracting systems and strong anti-monopoly measures for example) which historically leave government in the background for much of normal life. Social assistance programs are considered part of the medical safety net (physical and mental) to be utilized in emergencies only. No self-respecting person with any pride (not a vice in this world) wouldn’t dream of staying on the dole for any length of time and no family would dare allow a family member to subsist that way if there are the means to prevent it. The shame would be unbearable. Imagine the talk behind your back to be seen enjoying luxuries if one of your own is struggling. It is a system of cruel realities that is not to be taken lightly.
This type of mindset over the centuries has relegated government to a ‘back seat’ position where the unspoken agreement is this: you can do anything you want (within the law) but government functions are of a realm of their own and are to remain off-limits to the general public. It is an acceptable system when the bureaucrat’s play fair and remain honorable, and as a result “politics” is a word virtually unknown here. In the name of efficiency, zoning, city planning and infrastructure decisions in such a system are dictated and not publicly debated. It is understood that the best minds and the most careful planning have been utilized for each project and the proof of the superiority of such a system is in the grand achievements and in the scale of what has already been accomplished. Just a look around is all that the people need to do to understand the merits of such a system which naturally leads one to embrace this long-standing arrangement.
That is the common belief- at least on the surface. But there has always been a certain level of satire: comedians and what we would call political cartoons (just called “cartoons” in Milt’s world) and the like, but unknown to many is the fact that that sort of thing and many other similar things just sort of ‘disappear’ from the public record and fail to come up later in searches of public data bases. To most of the few that might notice such a thing, it is considered that such nonsense was just not worthy to be immortalized in the records, not worth it and that is probably for the better. Real science and hard data is what needs to be preserved. That is what builds a world of logic and proportion. Who knows where we would be if every trivial thing was remembered? The world must stay focused. The people must keep it real.
This quick cultural description may be a stunning over-simplified but, it parallels the conditions that have allowed the extremely myopic worldview that seems to have prevailed in Milt’s world to flourish. Such blinkered social conditions may appear far-fetched, but just look back at our own histories, especially in cultures right before they have fallen. Far-sighted, all-embracing, openminded cultures seem to be far from the norm as their systems fell apart, yet it is these exact concepts that are often blamed for such failure. Blame that the people involved tend to take rigidly and without question right to their graves. It is quite a paradox. An inconsistency that prevails right across the whole of human history. Has anyone asked why?
The answer may lie in the details. The wrong-headed, prevailing wisdom of the status quo, the unbending, righteous beliefs that the leaders seem bound and destined to operate under. Whatever their system might be, the benefactors refuse to yield to the new and the untested, regardless of the logic or even the necessity of such change. In our world, we in the past have often fought and died, over and over again, at even a hint of some form of outside realignment to our established and sacred beliefs and time-honored principles, and when viewed from the outside, that seems very unusual but regardless, it is often nonetheless an undeniable prospect of all of our cultures.
Milt’s world may have achieved a longer lasting and more evolved cultural system when compared to our historical standards, but it is certainly not completely exempt from outside (or within) criticism and disparagement. But that derision has remained hidden and buried for the most part, especially in the cities and among the elites.
In the country, things are wildly different. A ‘mind your own business’ attitude coupled with a ‘we take care of our own’ mentality have produced a more detached attitude and has possibly helped to subdue the concerns of rural people towards outside interventions and interferences, but their apprehensions and outlooks are as important to them as they are for anyone else which makes brushing aside their concerns extremely unpalatable to them. Add the fact that they know of abuses and exploitations that have been a regular part of visiting ‘dignitaries,’ misuses that seem to have been going on forever, complaints of which that have repeatably fallen on deaf ears but have not been forgotten or successfully covered up, at least in the rural communities directly affected, and you have a volatile mix ready for combustion. It is no secret that elite city slicker’s hold country people in contempt, a fact that the country class privately seethe over but for various reasons (banking and other business concerns mostly, and a stubborn pride that prevents them from seeking resolution publicly- we handle our own affairs, thank you) they have held their tongues- but that has suddenly changed.
The revolution has been fueled by these and other concerns and is currently manned by those who have been groomed over long periods and who have been convinced to now act accordingly. Dirge/Riv/Steph may have been slowed, even halted in many ways by the latest developments, but as she will soon find out, the revolution will continue whether she is involved or not. The problem for her and her friends may be one of a matter of an overall entrenched condition that they will likely not be able to escape and frankly, it may be impossible for them not to be involved with further. A fact that Steph is already well aware and that she must quickly impress upon her friends.
The most powerful forces on the planet will reach out to them soon and among other tactics, they will promise them riches, power, position, grander and even fame, but Steph feels she knows what will eventually happen. After their usefulness has been exploited, one by one they will meet the same fate. An accident, a disease, a tragic side-effect of a routine medical procedure, the target of a crazed lunatic, whatever will be their most politically useful demise will eventually occur. Politics may be rare and foreign for the general public, but it is practiced wholeheartedly and with murderous vigor in the hollows of the Temple Chambers.




Chapter Twenty-One


It was a slow, complicated and dangerous process but Steph proved to still have the connections and the assets to provide the six of them with new identities and travel documents that allowed them to bugout from Dr. Hamp’s cabin. It wasn’t a moment too soon because they had exhausted the Doctor’s canned food supply and even though they were located way out in the countryside, the few neighbors around were becoming suspicious about just who was staying there and why they hadn’t seen the old man around lately.
The first test of their newly established credentials was passed at the local pod station. The guard working the checkpoint eyed the group wearily but due to the on-going pandemic, he kept his distance and was content that everyone keep their facemask coverings in place. The paperwork was in order (his only real concern) so they were allowed to pass and board the otherwise mostly deserted (due to the lockdown) pod train.
Day and night, they traveled. Switching trains from time to time and catching meals of what they could get at the mostly deserted stations along the way. They didn’t even know where they were going exactly, “east” is the only answer Steph would give when asked about that. The convoluted route seemed to be designed to shuffle them into obscurity more than to provide them with any real destination.
The climate grew increasingly hot and muggy as they traveled into unfamiliar territory. The appearance of the local people changed as well; more adapted to the climate with darker skin tones. They dressed differently as well; colorful wraps for clothing and exotic jewelry adorned the locals. They acted different also. The rigid, self-reliant posturing common in the capital and in the surrounding areas seemed to have been largely replaced by a more open and friendly togetherness that they, the “Westerners,” found wholesome and pleasing. Meals were also often shared among strangers here: no one went hungry. The dividers between the pods of the pod trains were hardly ever raised here, in fact most were jammed open or missing entirely. A constant racket of friendly banter prevailed whenever a group of these friendly people got together, and the talk never seemed to end. What could they find to talk about for so long? thought Milt and his friends as they tried to keep up with rather pointless conversations without betraying their true identities, which was rather easy because the talk was almost always shallow and superficial- nobody here pried into anyone’s personal affairs, an example of the result of generations of what they considered to be proper, polite social behavior.
Another social behavior took Milt and the other “Westerners” (as they became known to everyone) by surprise: the practice and habit of inhaling the smoke of some burning substance from all manner of ornate and superbly crafted pipes that everybody seemed to keep close at hand. The fact that they were not familiar with the practice (smoking had been basically eradicated centuries before from where they are from) was taken as an otherwise unfathomable amusement for Milt and his travelling companions and they were strongly encouraged to partake.
The sweet smoke was not only to be just inhaled; it was to be held in the lungs for as long as possible. The locals laughed and laughed as each of the westerners tried the ritual and gaged and coughed to no end. But even if the delivery of the drug was harsh (they knew from the beginning that it was certainly a drug, but curiosity and a desire to fit in overruled their natural resistance. Besides, these people seemed healthy and happy and they had apparently been doing this since childhood, but regardless the practice seemed to be somewhat discordant, and certainly unwholesome) but the effects were undeniable.
Gasping and choking, feeling stupid that they had been allowed to be so easily persuaded to partake in what is probably a dangerous local custom and for no other reason than to fit-in and to satisfy their curiosity, one by one (except for Steph, she appeared to have had previous experience in this and many other strange practices due to her extensive travels) they found the wind stealing, throat irritating ritual amusing. In fact, they soon found nearly everything amusing. Colors brightened, faces and expressions warmed and glowed and food, food became something amazing. Trepidations about the exotic, local cuisine disappeared entirely, eagerly replaced by a new enthusiasm to try each new taste, to let flavors swirl and dance on the palette in playful delight. Eating for sustenance disappeared and was replaced with laughter-filled secessions of platter after platter of foreign concoctions that seemed to serve no other function than to delight and amaze.
With bellies full and cheeks rosy with amused, smiling contentment, it became clear that the smoking was only part of the social paradigm at work here. It was also about the shared bonding of brotherhood and sisterhood, the superficial elimination of social competition, the abandonment of pointless social one-upmanship and other ridiculous class stratifying concepts. It was suddenly as if all that had never really existed and was just an illusion of a distant world. It was more than the effect of the drug; it was an induced realization that such concepts and paradigms were wrong and useless. What was before black and white, is now presented as shades of grey, no, make that colorful, beautiful, meaningful, wonderful, important, as if something that was lost had been found. Where straight-forward questions of before suddenly had understandably vague, imprecise answers that seemed to make total sense such as this exchange:

“Where is this train headed?”
“You’re on the train to destiny.”
“Okay, but what is our next stop?”
“We’ll hit the stops along the way,
but we only stop for the best!”

It was as if they had entered a world of festivities that were celebrating nothing more (and nothing less) than life itself. Could this be all that is needed for such a celebration? What a stupid question! The real question is why did we not celebrate these things all along!
When things finally did die down and the people made their way to their births for the night, Milt bumped into an old man, probably the oldest one on the pod train. The man looked Milt over up and down and as if he could read his mind he chanted poetically:

“You have entered the twilight zone.
Beyond this world strange things are known.
Use the key, unlock the door.
See what your fate might have in store.
Come explore your dream’s creation.
Enter this world of imagination.”

Milt looked around as if to see who the old man was really talking to. Surly, not to me. Such a strange comment must certainly have been directed at someone else. A citing of a quote or a passage from a story, certainly not something to be shared in general conversation. He looked back to ask the old man to clarify what he was talking about, but he was gone! Milt sprang ahead to catch the man in the hallway that links the pod cars, but no one was there. How could that old man move so quickly? He decided to keep an eye out for him tomorrow as he joined Lekki who was already fast asleep in their birth.
As he laid down with her and reflected on the day, sweet memories were flashing quickly by. He and Lekki had both been troubled and had been sleeping poorly since they learned of their children’s ‘troubles’ especially the violence involving their son and that flagpole. That and everything else thrust upon them weighed heavily on the two of them, but maybe due to the drug, it was as if something new was reminding him, giving him a reason why. He is enjoying a feeling of peace, a clarity because he knew that his goals were more than a thought. I’ll be there, to teach what I’ve been taught was the reassuring (although somewhat puzzling) thought as he joined his wife in a fitful, relaxing slumber, the likes of which had escaped the two of them in these past hectic weeks.




Chapter Twenty-Two


Milt hadn’t slept so soundly in months, years, maybe ever. That is until he started to dream:
…he woke up lost in an empty town. He wondered why no one else was around. He looked up to see a giant boy. He had just become his brand-new toy! No escape, no place to hide, here where time and space collide.
The giant boy was suddenly an old man- Elder Brown! He towers above Milt, Glowering at him from behind his massive podium. He points his bony finger down at Milt and in an angry scold he shouts:

“You know we’ve told you before.
But you didn’t hear us then!
So, you still question why?
You didn’t listen again!
You’ll be here, when you know what I know!”

Milt springs up awake, but he didn’t disturb Lekki from her slumber. She has a look of content, restful stillness, the first time in a long time she has looked that way as she slept. He gently moves from the bed, careful not to wake her. He splashes water from the tiny sink of the pod cabin on his face, trying to wash away the spook of his nightmare. You don’t get wise with the sleep still in your eyes… Where did that come from?
It is early morning, before sunrise. He wanders around aimlessly in the cramped corridors of the pod train. He can’t help but to keep an eye out for that old man with the poetic statements even though he must certainly still be asleep somewhere. He wonders what he meant by what he had said. He tries to recall his exact words, but it is already fading from his memory. Instead, the screaming of Elder Brown surfaces in his thoughts and he must shake that away. No more smoking!
He sees Steph sitting in the common area of the next car, staring out the window. One of the only other passengers up so early, she stares out of a window towards what will soon be the sunrise. Milt silently joins her. They both sit quietly, apparently each lost in thought. Finally, Milt speaks: Dreamily, the words come, and from where they originate, he is not sure:
“It is like I am waiting for the winds of change to sweep the clouds away.”
Steph turns her gaze towards Milt as if he might have more to share. Surprisingly, Milt does find more:
“Like waiting at the rainbows end to cast it’s gold my way.”
Steph raises an eyebrow.
“The countless ways, I pass the days…”
The whimsy that had temporarily afflicted Milt at that rare moment had apparently left as quick as it had come. Steph peers deeply into his eyes as if she can see right into his soul. The attention makes him feel uncomfortable, but he doesn’t turn away. As if gathering information, she keeps it up. Finally, she seems to have what she needs:
“You won’t get something for nothing. You won’t get freedom for free. You won’t get wise with the sleep still in your eyes, no matter what your dream might be.”
Milt gasps, part of that statement is what he had thought earlier! How did she know I had dreamed?
She’s not finished:

“If your waiting for someone to appear and turn your world around.
Looking to be shown an answer to the questions you have found.
Looking for an open door…”

She paused and Milt hung on her every word, waiting for the enlightenment that he just knew was coming…

“Forget it Milty boy!”

Milt was somewhat stunned, even disappointed. Steph continues to stare into Milt’s stupid face. He sees fire, an anger in her eyes. She moves closer to make sure her next words penetrate without her having to raise her voice:

“What you own is your own kingdom.
What you do is your own glory.
What you love is your own power.
What you live is your own story.
In your head is the answer.
Let it guide you along.
Let your heart be your anchor
and the beat of your song.”

They turn away from each other, the is conversation over. They remain seated together and watch the sunrise. It is a dawning of a new day, a day like nothing before. That is how each new day will be from now on. Nothing will be wasted ever again, if they can help it. It is a silent pact, but it may well have been written in stone or, better yet, sealed in blood. They’re not running. They’re not hiding. They’re regrouping, re-evaluating, just experiencing a temporary calm before the storm. Now that things are clearer, now that they have come into focus, Milt can feel a rush of adrenalin course through his body, a heat rising as his heartbeat makes itself known. For the first time since this had all started, he has found a confidence that had been elusive before. He doesn’t yet have a real plan and he still certainly lacks any precise direction but, he has found the missing piece. He has put his trust in the place that this world demands- himself! He rises from the seat and takes one last look at a sunrise, now in full, glorious bloom. That is beautiful! He turns to Steph. She has a knowing, confident, pleased look on her face. He tells her:
“Good talk!” And she gives him a little wink as he turns away and walks towards his pod cabin with a spring in his step that hasn’t been there in years.




Chapter Twenty-Three


It will take more than pretty words to solve their problems and even halfway around the globe, forces that oppose them are closing in. The government delivered a successful counterpunch as they laid the blame of all the current troubles on the rebels, and the addition of a sinister weaponized pandemic to the mix was a brilliant and unexpected aspect but, they may have overplayed their hand. The business shutdowns and travel bans have left many in a financial lurch, and those people couldn’t help but to have picked-up on the rumors over the grapevine that all might not be as it seems. The biggest conformation of such rumors is the fact that local hospitals have seen no cases of this so-called pandemic and the official explanations to the effect that they have just been lucky so far are quickly wearing thin. This is an aspect that Steph is trying to exploit by using the vast network that she has built over the decades and those efforts have begun to bear fruit. It is crucial that she play this card perfectly. There will be no second chance. But she will have to take great risks and even if she is lucky, the odds are certainly against her.
The big break comes as a shipment was intercepted by one of her people that was headed to a government facility, a container of vials marked “Medical Supplies, Urgent, Rush Delivery.” It is the proof they have been waiting for.

The announcement of the “pandemic” was useful for clearing the streets and was a serious and effective misdirection for changing the narrative and getting the heat off the newly exposed government officials that were caught in the web of Steph and her network’s public exposures of their devious behaviors and their other criminality but, an actual viral release was something else entirely. Somewhere deep in the bowels of some top-secret, government laboratory existed a program and a strategy for just such a misdirection, developed for something else entirely that had been canceled but preserved as something considered potentially useful for some other future concern even if what that might be isn’t exactly known yet, but nonetheless it remained in the government’s toolkit, available should some reason arise. That potential use finally presented itself, but it took time for the dormant plan to be ramped-up to a global scale and as the scope of that action increased, the number of people involved in the deception also increased. It was just a matter of time until one of those people tipped-off or was a member of the underground.

“I need you with me” announced Steph as she frantically packed her bags.
“Me?” Milt asked.
“Yes you!”
“Why?”
“You’re a scientist, and this is science.”
“It’s not exactly my field of…”
“Dammit Milty, you know enough to keep me out of trouble! And I need someone I can trust.”
“But what about my family… Memba needs help to continue with his studies and Lesa, … well, … Lesa, … where is Lesa?”
“Lesa is with Jazz and Rem, … they’ve been spending a lot of time together” said Lekki flatly.
“Is that okay with you honey?”
“She has more in common with them than with us Milt, they are closer to the same age.”
“But you didn’t answer the question dear, I asked if you were okay with that and Mem, he’s…”
“He’s coming with us and Lekki will hold down the fort here… So, come on Milty! Pack your bag and let’s go!”

Halfway around the world, Steph’s people have got a hold of the goods. The proof that will turn the tide and could be the death knell to the leadership of the current version of the Federation. Steph needs to personally manage that situation. It will be a seat of the pants, shoot from the hip endeavor that can’t be half-assed and she is prepared to expose herself as the face of the revolution and shoulder the blame from this point forward if it will protect those around her. She needs Milt to keep her from stumbling concerning the technical aspects of the effort and she wants Memba because she trusts him, and also because he is a dedicated and worthy officer, and because of the fact that he absolutely insisted on coming along.
Lekki, she has her own agenda. She may have told her husband that her daughter spends her time with Jazz and Jem and that is partly true, but the fact is that she knows Lesa has been ditching them as well. She believes that she may have found some other diversion, namely she suspects, a male diversion and she has made an effort to find out the truth about that. Barely a minute had passed after Lekki had said her goodbyes to the men in her life when Jem and Jazz came around, back fresh from the errand Lekki had asked of them.
“We found out where she has been going but I don’t think it is anything like what you think it might be” reported Jazz.
“What is it then?”
“You will have to see for yourself.”

How Lesa stumbled upon this place behind the waterfall her mother, Jem and Jazz could only imagine but as they brave the falling water and feel their way to the hidden opening and silently peek inside, the grandness of this extraordinary, but compact place and the remarkable thing that the young girl does in there takes her mother’s breath away:

“What can this strange device be?
When I touch it, it gives forth a sound.
It’s got wires that vibrate and give music,
What can this thing be that I found?”

She sings those words playfully, the question now a mere sonnet, the original mystery transformed over a relatively short time into joyful action as her fingers pluck, stroke and strum with one hand and trap, push and stretch with the other, with the building confidence of this young natural, who, using patient practice and stoic discipline is quickly becoming a master. With a knowing smile reflecting the achievement of her early and remarkable success, she picks up the tempo and reaches deep for chords that hint of power as she struts, steps and dances in partnership with the sounds that she makes:

“See how it sings like a sad heart
and joyously screams out its pain.
Chords that build high like a mountain
or notes that fall…
…gently…
…like…
…rain…”

Lesa quickly builds her sound back up fiercely, strutting across the small room as she grabs the sounds and sends them into the air, demonstrating the result of her many hours of dedicated practice. She knows she has got it now as she demonstrates a learned progression of interlocking tonal developments that she has evolved into something so new and wonderful that her mother, still hidden from the view of her daughter- a remarkable young woman who her mother now sees in a brand new light- a vision that has become blurry as tears of joy flow uncontrollably from her proud eyes.

“I can’t wait to share this new wonder
the people will see its light
let them make their own music
let them feel my delight!...
Listen to my music
and hear what it can do.
There something here as strong as life
I know that it will reach you!”

With that last line, her mother can hold back no longer. She gasps and as her daughter pauses with surprise, Lekki springs forward and bounds across the room and hugs her daughter with the strings of the “strange device” trapped between them and making all sorts of tortured sounds of screech and protest at being ensnared that way as they embrace.




Chapter Twenty-Four


It took some doing, nearly all of her remaining leverage and contacts were utilized, but the charter jet delivers the three “special agents” (at least that is what their credentials declare) to the Federation Temple of the prefecture where Steph’s “people” hold the evidence that will bust this case wide open.

The delay of the actual detection of any cases of the so-called pandemic at hospitals was a consequence of logistics. The Federation had to inoculate their people before they unleashed the virus and that took time. Despite the hype to the contrary, the virus used is a rather benign strain, hardly more dangerous than the common cold unless the victim already had underlying health issues. But it has a definite viral signature that is easily detected with standardized test kits and that fact will put an end to the growing skepticism that had been growing among cynics, many who’s concerns had been gaining traction with their vocal skepticism as businesses were suffering losses due to the lockdown. Now Steph’s people had the goods. The package had been intercepted and it contained everything- the viral agent, the vaccine and the testing kits. The trifecta of evidence that could put this awful scam to bed once and for all. The problem lies in how exactly to present it all effectively for the widest possible audience.

“The E.I.S is out. Too many of our people have been caught, and new electronic firewalls have been installed along with other enhanced security. What we need is some kind grand stunt. An event so epic that no one can turn away. Something that we can hijack and use towards our own devices” said Steph as she paces around the room brainstorming. Milt, Memba and the few other local, trusted lieutenants present join her in racking their brains trying come up with something. The video phone signals an incoming call. It’s Lekki. Milt takes the call.
“Milt darling you won’t believe what is happening!” Lekki is beside herself with excitement.
“What is it dear?” Asks Milt as he welcomes a diversion from the urgent, but baffling matter that they are currently stymied over.
“I can’t explain it, it’s too much, it’s unbelievable, it’s wonderful.” Steph and the others overhear and gather round as they all can’t help but take an interest in the diversion that Lekki seems so excited about.
“What are you talking about dear? You certainly have everyone’s attention” Milt explains as he switches the call to the large entertainment screen.
“Are you watching? Is everybody watching?”
“Yes dear, please honey, we’re very busy…”
“It’s not me Milt!”
“Well then…?”
Jazz jumps in front of Lekki, hogging the view and as an impromptu master of ceremony and with animated excitement, she begins a spontaneous, over-the-top introduction:

“And now, Ladies and Gentlemen, the world debut of the latest and greatest, from the sacred hidden cave of the ancients, I present for you live, the next form of entertainment that will leave all other showmanship in the dust: Lesa and the electric breast harp!”
Lesa has a different song for this debut. A ditty with a powerful hook designed to peel the paint off the walls. She purses her lips as she plays in a gesture that corresponds somehow with the sound. Her hips sway, her feet pound. Her father and the others watching gape in wide-mouth astonishment but it is all just a preview before she unleashes a solid wall of sound that crashes down upon them before she changes-up the sound with a high kick and a whip of her long hair as she holds the instrument up in front of a vent of sorts (obviously a loud speaker) and she lets the sound ‘absorb’ somehow into an extended, growl that builds on its self. (feedback.) This angry and even grating sound prolongs on its own, forming an electric ‘call of the wild,’ a trick of her performance and just one of many tools she has already developed and uses effortlessly before she grabs another note and spins away from the vent only to change it up yet again, this time to a softer pitch as she leans her mouth into the microphone stand that is set up in front of her:

“I know it’s most unusual
to come before you so…
But I found an ancient miracle
that I thought that you should know.
Listen to my music…
and hear what it can do!
Sounds as strong as life,
I know that will reach you!”

The song prattles forward in a gentle rhythm as she seems lost in the soothing rapture. Somehow, she has harnessed the strings of her instrument to reflect her feelings and emotions. The sound rolls along like a gentle river, so different than her opening salvo and just as she has lulled her listeners into a false sense of security, she unleashes one last violent crescendo that causes the heart to skip a beat and has everyone clutching their chests in a quick hit of frightening musical power as she ends the short ‘song’ abruptly and takes a bow.
There is a pause of confusion as the personal feelings of the listeners must be self-examined. A procedure that actually only takes a fraction of a second before everyone explodes in absolute pandemonium of clapping and cheering.
“Did you see that; do you see that Milt? That’s our little Lesa!” Lekki shouts above the thunderous approving roar. A roar that increases as Jazz lets out an extended scream of joy as she muscles her way back into the camera view.

The meeting has for all intent and purpose ended, at least officially. But Steph and Memba share a look of sorts. They both know that what they have just witnessed is somehow the answer to their problems, but they can’t instantly put it all together. They need time. They adjourn until tomorrow morning. Meanwhile, the proud papa, regardless of his current legal complications, proudly forwards the recording of her daughter to his friends and associates and that will, in a shorter time than one might expect, prove to be an important development.




Chapter Twenty-Five


Elder Brown watches the video as his people nervously wait for his reaction. For them it is an unforeseen and possibly a troubling surprise in the middle of a highly complex and multifaceted chain of events that they have launched and that is currently well underway. A complicated effort that they believe is dicey on its own merit, without this strange and disturbing home-brew ‘public’ music fad being thrown into the mix. The power of the young girl and the ‘infectiousness’ of her performance surely must be of some importance but for Elder Brown, it seems to have no effect. He switches off the monitor well before the short performance has finished and he declares:
“Another toy that helped destroy an elder race of men. Forget about this silly whim, it doesn’t fit the plan.”

The “plan” continues. But while the Elders and the others of the Federation are ready to exercise the next phase of the government’s plan, The Rebels wait to unleash the newest aspect of their plan and Steph rehearses what she will say as she waits for her cue. She stands behind her podium, the vials and the envelopes of disposable test kits are laid out in front of her, the ‘props’ of her next production. She truly hates that she will be ruining Lesa’s debut but as Memba explained, they will have no better chance to present their case while the world is distracted, and as a bonus, Lesa’s latest song will set the stage as nothing before ever could. They will let her play it almost to its entirety before they cut in. The new enhanced protocols in place at the network studios will almost ensure that all who will be involved in this plot will be caught, but they each have insisted on going forward even though the chance of success without capture are below just slim. But it is also known that the chance for another try of something like this in the future is surely zero.

The “Saturday Live Variety Hour” is always the latest, hottest and the quintessential essence of must-see video entertainment going on out there. And in these times of unrest and changing views and mindsets, all that has just made it even more popular as the public demands release and escape from the world’s mounting problems. Lesa’s trending video along with some other tidbits that have also been released made the announcement of her as the musical guest star of the show an exercise as the example of the successful building of public pandemonium. For weeks the promotion for the show has been excessive, the ‘buzz’ absolute, the exposure unequaled and the song she has prepared should fit perfectly with the circumstances and the situation of the times. She has not been informed of how the rebels will hijack her performance. It is a cruel trick, an undeserved punishment that Memba will find hard to explain and justify but, after all, it was his idea.
Lesa is scheduled to be the last act, the closer. After all the dancers, the jugulars, the acrobats, the animal acts, the skits and the stand-up comedians, she will be introduced for her performance. For all the flash and grit of her trending, power-play styled, viral home-spun social media videos that have exploded on the scene, she has something much more down to earth for her official, world-wide debut. The extended hoots, shrieks and clapping eventually die down and after her introduction the spotlight highlights a beautiful, confident young woman and, this time, she uses her ‘acoustic’ “breast harp” as she begins in strong, sure voice:

“And the men who hold high places
must be the ones to start…
To mold a new reality
Closer to the heart…
The blacksmith and the artist
reflect it in their art.
They forge their creativity
closer to the heart,
yes, closer to the heart!

She builds up the tempo in a complex and full melody that fills the air with pretty sound before she confidently continues:

Philosophers and plowmen
each must know his part,
to sow a new mentality
closer to the heart, yes
closer to the heart!

She picks up the tempo further and as the melody comes full circle, with a smile of self-assured poise and genuine pleasure, she belts out:

You can be the captain,
and I will draw the chart.
Sailing into destiny
closer to the heart,
closer to the heart!

In a spin and with a misdirection so polished and pure that it is a trick to the eye, she has stealthy traded her acoustic for an electric and she lets loose with dramatic style the likes of which cause the live audience to erupt with supportive and sympathetic screams and shouts of approval that she plays off of in delighted, enthusiastic, eager response:

Whoa-whoa-yeah!
Closer to the heart?
I said: closer to the heart!
Yes! Closer to the heart!

The tempo is now fast and furious. She holds nothing back. The strings, the movement of her body, the dancing, it is all one inter-connected phonomime now. An impossible mixture of skill, talent and a unique cutting-edge vibrato that has the crowds rushing the stage in arm-raised approval. She leans into the microphone for at least one more line of the chorus when the signal is ripped from the viewing screens and unbeknown to Lesa, the viewing world now has the glasses wearing blond from the video of the beginning of the revolution on their screens:

“Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize deeply for this rude intrusion to your entertainment, but this is the only way to explain for the most people possible just what is at stake so without further…” And at that precise second the sound is cut and the soundstage that Steph had been using is over-run with the government shock-troops that have been hidden just outside, waiting to pounce, they spring a trap that unbeknownst to Steph, had been waiting all along.
With the audio cut and as the camera continued to roll, the world was shown Steph being man-handled by the shoulders (she refused to struggle, that would have been an affront to her dignity) as bio-suited health officials gathered-up the ‘evidence’ that was laid in front of her with exaggerated form using tongs and plastic bags while everyone involved with the production is cuffed and lead away. Following that and after an ‘all clear’ by a technician using some sort of electronic ‘sniffer,’ men and women wearing business suits and facemasks who are holding clipboards take notes as photographers clicked away with their cameras as one of the more senior officials took center stage and after the audio is restored, he began to speak:
“Citizens of the Federation, what you have just witnessed is the cumulation of weeks of intense and thorough investigations resulting in the arrest of the leaders of the rebellion, captured with a supply of their latest form of the virus which we will need in order to develop an antidote. We found it necessary to wait until they staged this, their latest performance, where they planned to unleash further propaganda and lies in their increasingly criminal attempt to discredit and otherwise cause harm…”
The impromptu police spokesman’s diatribe was quickly cut short by breaking news from the networks which was followed by an official statement from the Federation which basically declared that the revolution is for all intent and purpose over, and they promised to release a complete report as soon as possible which will include a timeline of events, but they also declared that the medical lockdown was far from over and will remain until viral samples could be analyzed and they further suggested that vaccines and antidotes could be months or even years in development, all thanks to the crimes of these “ultra-criminals” and their “selfish bid for power” in which they “risked the lives and health of all humanity” to meet their “wildly insane goals.” The slick spokesman continued with a heartfelt explanation (i.e. excuse) of how at the verge of their original apprehension of these preparators, they were caught flat-footed by the viral aspect of their crimes (“We, frankly, were dumbfounded that anyone could stoop to such a low and dangerous level as that.”) and they had to wait until this video production was attempted before they made a move that would trap the ringleaders and capture a sample of the virus for reverse engineering. Also, a curfew beyond the medical lockdown remained imposed because of on-going arrests that were currently underway, and in a final plea, it was requested in an appeal to patriotism that citizens should report any rebellious activity in the name of peace and stability and to help speed-up the processes that will bring about the return of normality.
The public, sick and tired of all of this, instantly lit-up the tip lines with every sort of information regarding the potential and the suspected actions of neighbors, friends and even family members.

Elder Brown sat with the freshly apprehended Steph across a table. They were still at the studio where she was arrested as they watched the broadcast of the special government report on a studio monitor screen together. He looked her over as it played, eager to gage her reaction. He pondered a final word, a last statement regarding the power of the state, an indictment of what happens when you trifle with the power held above you, all of that he decided at the last minute was unnecessary and would have been in poor taste so he spared her that indignity. Instead, he made sure the report of the suddenly nearly over-taxed tip lines was read in front of her including the comment from the functionary that delivered that message: “Seems the public is tired of these games, Sir” and with that Elder Brown turned to Steph to again gage her reaction. She continued to sit stone faced and as the elder appeared to be waiting for some type of comment from her, she provided one:
“What are you going to do with me?”
Elder Brown looked her over for a long while and after doing that, he just shook his head. I’m not even worth an answer thought Steph but she was wrong about that last thought as Brown finally began to speak:
“We had to go back, way back, to find a precedence for your case young lady, and death by hanging is what we found as an appropriate punishment for your crimes.” He looked at her closely, ready to relish any gasp and discomfort she might display but she cheated him of that sick pleasure by remaining emotionless. He continued:
“Oh, there will be plea deals, options for sentence reductions by providing public confession, opportunities where you will grasp at hopes for mistrial or acquittal, and the process will drag on for so long that you will start to believe that it will never actually happen, but remember this, all of that is for my enjoyment, a delicious reminder that I will know that you will wake in terror, maybe not every night but often enough that it will please me. And when I tire of that, know that I will see you swing from that rope.”
“Well you better make it snappy old man! You ain’t gett’n any younger!” That said, old man Brown got up and left the room in a huff.




Chapter Twenty-Six


On the surface, things seemed to be going just as the government wanted. Rebels were being rounded up with ample help from the public. Each arrest was played for maximum political effect when possible. Now the government had a boogeyman to point to for problems and to blame for every little thing. Why didn’t we think of this before? But, unbeknown to them (or basically just ignored) there is blowback brewing. The country class and their imbedded allies in the cities, joined by large swaths of the younger generation who had been born into a general era of natural skepticism that the government failed to fully appreciate and that they tended to downplay, which would have been an admission to a hold on power that was actually less than they are willing to admit publicly, and the strange, sudden, wholesale deletion of the aspect of the climate change argument that had started it all, now apparently officially forgotten and largely removed from public debate, all this seemed to spawn a volatile mix of a confusing lack of public understanding that can’t help but to be simmering just under the surface, undermining the absolute control that the government seems to believe that it maintains.
Elder Brown is actually well aware of many of these shortcomings and has decided that a public display of power, a demonstration of what straying from the path of what is expected, will tamp-down these misguided (in the government’s opinion) expectations. And besides, as Steph herself expressed, he isn’t getting any younger and he believes he will rest easier and his legacy will be assured if he quickly moves his plans forward.
But it is not quite that simple.

Capital punishment is a concept that has not been in play for hundreds of years and as you might guess, its use is highly controversial. Seen by most as barbaric, it nonetheless has found some supporters. The neo-right, desperate for law and order to be re-established (at least a version that they claim used to exist, which is perhaps just a version of nostalgia, or as their opponents believe, a form of dangerous nostalgia masked as nothing more than bloodlust) and as they seem to be largely controlling the current narrative mostly because at this time, their opposition seems to be so out of favor, (at least temporarily) they hold a tenuous position of righteous, due authority in this current climate of mass arrest and detainment, and that reality tended to harden their beliefs, and under that umbrella, they feel they must act before the opposition can become organized again and find its voice.
Elder Brown and his ilk hope to shock the public back into a more or less thoughtless general compliance of what they consider to be historic norms with a horrific grand spectacle followed by a general easing of the current draconian measures as a show of their benevolence.
Steph, allowed to keep abreast of current affairs in her confinement by a video link of the approved public news feed, (perhaps as a cruel demonstration of the power of the state as that news feed was personally authorized by Elder Brown himself) she sees right through this plan, but denied a public forum, her understanding of the situation remains uselessly private.
Milt, Memba, Jem and a host of others join her separately as a result of their own arrests and detentions as the women, Lekki, Jazz and Lesa, (this is a world that currently embraces a brand of chauvinist sexism that pretends woman are ill equipped for important and unsavory matters and therefor their involvement with the rebels surely must have been one of only following along, that is with the exception of Steph, who, due to her actions, and as a potential example for other women, have only made her even more dangerous, which makes her destruction even more urgent in the eyes of those [men] who fear losing power and control) these women and the other wives and children have been lobbying hard for permission to visit and confer with their men as they are sitting behind bars. It is a pressure that had eventually yielded results.
Lesa is the wildcard here. Her popularity has been earned and is not beholden to the state or any other institution and therefore cannot be effectively diminished by official actions or decrees. It is a situation that chafes those in charge but that they downplay. She is just a child entertainer and a girl at that, what harm could she really cause? Her association with the criminals will, in time, be her personal downfall, especially after the bold example planned of what happens to troublemakers is demonstrated, after the execution has occurred and has been broadcast, the public will have a lasting example as to the fate of those who meddle in affairs beyond their station. Her talents and skills are treated as nothing more than a passing fad, a side-note in the grand scheme of things, here today, gone and forgotten tomorrow. That is the government’s [wishful] thinking.

Milt is surprised that they have been all allowed to meet together as a group, but if he had known the extent that they were all being monitored and recorded, his surprise would be far less. The women’s questions are general and generic: how are you being treated? How’s the food? How are you sleeping? etc. There is a general consensus among the public that those other than Steph will be spared the noose, but the government prosecutors are tactfully quiet on that subject and are using that fear as a tool to allow them to probe deeper in their investigations. But their mission is more than just to bolster their case, although that is an important part of their tactics, it is more importantly to prevent any such uprisings in the future. You must understand, this, all of this, is nothing but an extra burden on their (the elites) duties. Extra work that has cut into their leisure and brought unwanted scrutiny to their well-earned (in their opinion) personal entertainment preferences and although they must resist saying so publicly, they seethe deeply with hatred from every fiber of their being. They live to not only to stamp-out the current trouble, but to nip it in the bud for the future and for evermore. They are so enraged at the unwanted attention to their personal behaviors, that they are blinded by that hatred and the contempt they feel and are largely unaware of the tells that they display publicly. This will prove more important than they realize and in time, could very well lead to their downfall. It is a factor that Jazz and Lesa (and millions of others) have noticed and that Steph plans to exploit if she gets the opportunity.
At the end of the visit, a meeting that on the surface appears to be one of small talk and pleasantries, Lesa pulls Steph close and in a move resembling a kiss on the cheek, she said something in Steph’s ear and no amount of replaying of the surveillance tapes reveals what was said exactly. This is just one of the many aspects of the rebel behaviors that chafe and anger the prosecutors, but this particular event is eventually deemed trivial and is quickly forgotten, another aspect that in time they will learn to regret.

Steph and the others in captivity have had time to think and each has come separately to a similar conclusion that nearly everything about the capture of the shipment of the virus and the test kits was a plant, designed to be an entrapment, including even their clandestine charter flight. I’ve walked right into their trap thought Steph. But there is a hope. A cryptic message whispered in her ear: “Funny Bunny” and it gives her solace and a put a smile on her lips.




Chapter Twenty-Seven


The building of the gallows on the grounds of the Capital City’s largest stadium marked a turning point: suddenly everything was becoming all too real. Social divides were forced to the surface. Right leaning members of the public appeared to be aligned with others bent on vengeful revenge in the name of justice, a situation that many, if not most, when forced to take a position, were far from comfortable with. The left leaning were suddenly aghast as the structure took shape. Horrified at the bloodlust that seemed to be sanctioned by their leaders. The divides manifested in ways probably not completely anticipated as arguments, fights and brawls erupted right in the streets, regardless of lockdowns and curfews. These disagreements also followed (or originated) in homes and among families, turning husband against wife and parents against children.
All of this could be seen as blow-back from the government’s scapegoating of the rebels. Using a boogieman to blame all the problems of the world on is proving to be a short-sighted, albeit a convenient policy (at first) that certainly wasn’t thoroughly thought through. Appealing to patriotism and popular loyalty is also proving to be a short-lived policy as well that seemed to be forgetting a large segment of the population (perhaps nearly at least half) whose concerns have been swept away (or at least seriously downplayed) in a wave of mob rule style lust for what those who advocate the harsh positions believe is an example of due (overdue) justice.
As the execution date approaches, there is a flurry of re-evaluation as key government officials and the most recognized talking heads of the press scramble to be on the right side of history concerning this historic matter, and the debate centers on defining just exactly what the ‘right’ side of the matter actually is. It is a question that the deeper it is investigated, the more clouded the answer seems to be. It is a question that even though people are generally sick of hearing about it, they find themselves drawn into it whether they want to be or not. With the lockdown and curfew in place, and with the flood of “special reports” and documentaries airing almost every night and with the usual available escapist entertainment temporarily on hold, there is no true escape from the media and social onslaught.
Add to all this a new and troubling aspect, (especially for Elder Brown and his ilk) the emergence of young ‘street corner’ hawkers who draw crowds and use their trending social media posts to remined everyone that they haven’t forgot and have been fervently warning of the current and ongoing global warming crisis that had found itself (for some reason) on the back burner during all this criminal, rebel prosecution and its subsequent litigation, which is a strange and blatantly hypocritical position for the government to take because they originally embraced that position when they thought they could use it as an avenue for amassing power and control, but as critics have been increasingly and effectively pointing out, now that they have a new ‘bad guy’ (i.e. the rebel leaders and the revolution in general) they have reduced substantially or even officially eliminated the carbon saturation aspect completely, which is an aspect that is quickly gaining academic criticism and student protest aimed at the government. All this has become an increasingly volatile situation that can’t help but to have pervaded right into the hallowed halls of the Federation Temple itself:

“We must move quickly, exercise our power, demonstrate once and for all our resolve, provide a lasting example that will end this, this, madness!” Orates a determined Elder Brown to the council, a council that up until a short few weeks ago would have been completely on board with that sort of rhetoric, but now has doubts. He looks around at the troubled, bothered faces and can’t believe his eyes.
“Damnit! ... Our world is at stake! ... How can you waiver? ... This must end and now! ... Today!” Despite his conviction, the council is far from agreement and soon another aspect will emerge, a message has surfaced, smuggled out from the prison and has went viral.

Steph has put pen to paper and poured something from her heart that should have been nothing but could prove, in time, to be everything. A message, no, a verse, no, a human plea, a measure of concern, an example of the bond between her and the public, an expression of farewell. All of this and more can be construed from the simple poem or nothing at all could be garnered, it depends on your personal point of view, But, whatever it does or does not mean, once heard, it was not soon forgotten:

“All of the seasons
and all of the days…
All of the reasons
why I’ve felt this way…
So long…
So long…
Lost in that feeling
if you look in my eyes
you’d notice emotion
and see that I’ve cried...
For me…
I can see…
What would touch me deeper
then tears that fall from eyes?
Could it touch you deeper?
Then tears that fall from eyes
that know why?...
A lifetime of questions
tears on my cheek.
I’ve tasted the answers
and my body is week.
For you…
The truth…




Chapter Twenty-Eight


Through shear political will, Elder Brown has exercised his power. Gathered at the gallows are Milt, Memba, Jem and a half dozen other ‘lieutenants’ including Jek, who Milt, didn’t even know was wrapped-up in all this madness. They are bound tightly by the wrists and in leg irons and led to the gallows platform by hooded functionaries who wear medieval grab that appeared to have been borrowed from a museum and who use spears to guide their hapless and helpless prisoners to locations just under each, waiting noose which lined up swing leisurely in the early afternoon summer breeze. The uneasy and unruly crowd has been building since early morning, despite the lockdown and quarantine (the fact they have been allowed to assemble is itself a blatant government hypocrisy) and that crowd has been devolving into an example of its own mixed-up indecision as violence and vehemence has been repeatedly and viciously displayed in a number of actions ranging from the small and isolated (fist to cuffs involving pairs and small groups) to riotous (on-the-spot impromptu group unrest that has resulted in barriers and barricades being destroyed and that has allowed the crowd to grow well beyond what was expected and planned for, leaving crowd control officials hopelessly outnumbered and overwhelmed. The entire affair presents a ruthlessness and a volatility that could spill out of control at any second which has only increased the will of those who organized the spectacle to precede quickly before things become even more unmanageable.
Behind the scene, Elder Brown, who refuses to further put his reputation on the line as the public face of all of this, demands that the leader be paraded out so the charges can be read without further delay and before things turn even uglier. (If that is even possible.) The Prisoner is led to a podium where she will hear the charges read and be allowed her last words, solemnized by a masked and blacked robed nameless official who will be the faceless face of this spectacle. That man takes a position behind the podium and as he looks ready to speak into the microphone, boos, shrieks and heckling cat-calls are followed by the lobbing of half empty drink cups and other garbage from those close enough for such action, all of which denote the mood of the majority of the gathered masses. (At least those who have worked their way to the front.) This masked ‘leader’ is taken by surprise by this and is ill-equipped for any coherent response and after several minutes of such building and growing belittling behavior, he would seem to be relived (if you could see his face) when Steph pushed him aside and muscled her way to behind the microphone which was an action that had the crowd react in rabid and gushing approval in the form of wild applause and shrieks of delight and genuine laughter, even from those who oppose her. Her underdog appeal may have something to do with all that, that and the fact that public opinion is fickle, probably due largely to the fact that all of this had been so rapidly forced upon everyone.
“Quiet, quiet please” Steph calmly pleads into the microphone as the crowd quickly tones it down, hungry to hear from this larger than life ‘criminal’ that has so captured the public imagination.
“If you will allow the reading of the ‘charges’ because, after my boring incarceration, I could use the amusement.” The self-deprecating comment garners lasting laughter as it was so unexpected and at such odds with all that is going on around her. As the laughter dies down, Steph is looking towards the supposed hooded ‘leader’ as he fumbles with the papers and adjusts the eye openings of his hood and as Steph can tell, he has lost his will (if he had any in the first place) and in his reluctance, Steph reaches across (she is not bound and restrained, that would be unseemly in this chauvinist world) and grabs the papers declaring in mock impatientness “Oh, give me that” which produces even more and wild impromptu laughter.
“You’d think they would have thought this through” she says into the microphone as the laughter started to die down as she adjusts her glasses, a comment that brings its own extended hoots and malaise that quickly evolves into a strange and truly unexpected chant: “Funny-Bunny-Funny-Bunny-Funny-Bunny” which began with the imbedded scores of students and other young people that have made an overwhelming presence in the attendant masses here today. The chant extends and continues well beyond what might be warranted and much longer than expected and sense it is a rather meaningless expression, especially because it has never been officially noted that Steph and Riv are one in the same, a myth and rumor but never officially confirmed, but it seems to be an overall expression of exasperation for the younger generation, a childhood link to perceived injustices and inequalities never quite understood by the older generation just as Steph had predicted. But would it change anything? Sadly, probably not. But nonetheless after a long while she stopped it by asking over the loudspeakers in a playful and mocking tone:
“Just what does that mean?”
The ‘question’ triggered pandemonium that erupted and continued for a very long time as Steph just stood there and offered ‘parade waves’ and it was as if she was growing so detached from what was unfolding that she had a look of boredom on her face as she skimmed the papers in her hands. The hooded ‘leader’ just stood in the background, apparently relived that the focus of the proceedings was not on him any longer, content now to just stand back and enjoy the show, especially now that the crowd was whipped-up in such a frenzy. As this was going on, Steph stepped back and seemed to start conferring with the hooded ‘leader’ about some point in the paperwork which further defused and downplayed the entire affair to a point that when the chanting and hoopla finally started to subside, Steph had assumed the presence and the position of Master of Ceremony at her own execution as opposed to being the doomed, capital criminal that she was when she was first led up onto this platform/stage. An unplanned and unacceptable and unsavory development (for the establishment) as she assumed the function and the duty of presiding over her own execution, a measure of just how ridicules all this really is.   
“Let’s see here, … sedition, subversion, insurrection, conspiracy to incite discontent… It’s all here” she says as she holds up the paper towards the crowds and the cameras as if she is posing for a photo shoot with a rather silly look on her face and as if she is asking the crowd what should be done about it all? The crowds react in an instant and massive vocal response, but as to what that response might be exactly? Not a clue! The mixture is so varied and wide-ranging that a unified, united response is quite impossible to ascertain. Steph prolongs this muddled confusion with a look of righteousness and virtue that with her one raised eyebrow, she manages to seal the point that all of this is an exposition of pure folly. It is all more than Elder Brown can take and from somewhere in the back, he storms the stage and Steph steps back to release the microphone to him with a respectable but comical ‘stage’ bow which only infuriates him further.
Due to Steph’s polite action, (the actual ‘leader’ now of the action here on the gallows’ floor, which due to the fact that she is the condemned, that should have made her, on some level the lead all along) that illustration of her ‘politeness’ towards Elder Brown, her actual executioner as the public well knows, hushes the crowd and the masses respectfully wait for his statement:
“Do you deny that you have contributed to an insurrection to overthrow the legitimate and lawful government?” Thunders Elder Brown who is determined to establish his authority and exercise his will regardless of the fickle (in his opinion) gathered masses.
“Oh, course not Sir” answers Steph in a quick, calm and courteous, and somewhat flirtatious voice which catches the Elder off guard.
“You admit your compliance in the conspiracy?”
“Compliance!” Inserts Steph as if a point must be made at this juncture.
“Your highness, I established, founded, initiated and prolonged it with my very soul. Used my own blood, sweat and tears and every trick and deception I could think of to keep it alive and moving… ‘Compliance,’ please sir, don’t insult me. I worked much too hard to be sold short like that” she said defending herself in a calm and cool way, setting the record straight.
“You freely admit that you conspired to commit murderous…”
“Whoa, back up your lordship. I never, not even once suggested or imply that anyone be killed. All I did was expose crimes and advance scientific reason that had been suppressed.”
“Killings have occurred, and because of your actions...” continued Brown but he is cut short.
“My actions? Oh please, any killings were a result of personal and government actions.”
“Then you claim to be innocent of these crimes?”
“I didn’t say that… I understand that a produce truck driver was roughed-up as some of my friends escaped from forces closing in on them. For that I take responsibility and I wish to offer my apologies.”
That statement caused Brown to pause in obvious confusion. A misdirection that chipped away at his thunder and allowed a murmur from the crowd and a rustling and a disturbance to become known as something, a someone actually fights and pushes his way towards the front of the crowd to be acknowledged by all as he approached the gallows floor, which meant that this new development couldn’t be ignored and could possibly further diminished the power of the state to control events. In that slowly emerging paradigm, a young man eventually appears and with the help of others, he is lifted up and onto the stage and is left facing Steph and Elder Brown. Powerless to fight his own curiosity and that of the gathered masses, and still further from dominating the proceedings at this point anyway, Elder Brown switches tactics and to everyone’s surprise, he reluctantly plays along:
“You have something to add citizen?” Asks the elder now sounding somewhat detached with his previous thunder now all but gone and but a whimper of what it was before, he actually sounds more human which is perhaps his intent.
“I was that produce truck driver, and I never did and would not now press charges for that assault.”
Elder Brown, in perhaps a last attempt to re-establish his authority, thunders forward in a last gasp of determined, expert leadership: 
“Not press charges? Were you not bullied? Coerced and intimidated into silence? Forced to comply with terror against your will because of your mistreatment?” Pries Brown, suddenly in a capacity of a civil servant and engaged in a sober and moderate attempt to get at the truth.
“That’s the point sir. I found, for reasons that I would rather keep private, that my ‘treatment’ was, … well, … pleasant.”
“PLEASENT? Thunders Brown, his face red as he displays his last nerve of patience, which is quickly followed by blatant indecision as he stammers the most basic of human questions:
... What? ... Why? ... How on earth could you have been assaulted and coerced to act against your will, to be used as a pawn, to be manipulated so… what sort of indoctrination, what manner of coercion was used on you?” Asked the elder with more than just an air of genuine confusion directing his questions, and certainly not just as a statement to set the record straight, but as a personal query; he really seemed curious to know the answer.
“Well Sir” began the man in a stumbling and embarrassing bit of awkwardness:
“There was this girl, a young girl I believe. She was so soft and smelled so nice and…”
“That’s enough young man” pleads the elder as he suddenly realizes that he has strayed beyond the boundaries of social convections, into a no-man’s land free of justifiable, defendable concepts, well past the legal borders of the landscape of living one’s life. Already he understands how far his position has slipped away, how useless further deliberation and debate will actually be as he mindlessly gropes forward:
“… please, I beg you, … you said your reasons were private, … I should have stopped there!” Brown threw his hands in the air as laughter built from the masses and after he glanced sheepishly at the floor, he joined in, after all it was funny, the realization was funny! Brown started laughing. Not a full throated expression, just a silly little chuckle escaped him and upon seeing the old man crack-up and smile after being in such an agitated state as he was just moments before, that in itself defused the situation so completely that everyone seemed to forget why they were even there.
While that was happening, there is another murmur and disruption from the crowd. Someone else is fighting their way forward.
“Now what?” Asks Brown flatly and some government people nearby step forward, apparently ready to rescue some resemblance to these official proceedings as one of seriousness and to stand with their boss, especially since he has shown a dangerous human side that has been basically hidden, but he is already so tripped-up and exposed, what harm is another swipe, so he waives them away and orders calmly:
“No, bring the citizen forward, certainly it must be important for such a struggle to be warranted” and Elder Brown signals his attendants to bring him a stool and when it arrives he makes himself comfortable as a fashionable, young girl is helped up onto the stage.
“And who are you, and what must you add? ... Wait a minute, I’ve seen you before…” Brown says as he tries to place here.
“Me? ... I’m the girl!”
“Wait, … What?” Stammers Brown as the girl struts right up to the truck driver and puts her arm around him as he looks even more lost then even Elder Brown.
“You? ... You’re the girl? ... I would have never guessed in a thousand years!” The very pleased young man says with genuine animation and unrestrained joy as if he already knew her which of course he did as do a million others.
“I just had to come up here and apologize. I’m sooo sorry. We were in a jam and you helped us, and, … maybe I shouldn’t say this but…” and she takes the arm of the stunned young man and puts it around her own waist and informs him a of a simple fact:
“I found it pleasant also.”
“YOU!” exclaims Brown realizing a couple of facts at once as he raises from his stool.
“You’re that girl! ... And you were there? With the others at the escape? Well, … I guess I knew that, now that I think about it but, … but, … it’s just that, …” And that was it. It was now over.

Stuck and stopped in mid-sentence, Elder Brown, a man of powerful intellect and a seasoned veteran of the highest levels of intrigue and of the loftiest of world affairs, looked ahead and realized the conclusion, the outcome, and as that truth dawned on him, he sat back down and his loss for words is replaced by the fact that he has nothing left to say.
Steph, Lesa, the truck driver, the government men, Milt, Jem, Jek and the other bound men standing under the nooses, the crowds that have swelled to a hundred thousand or more, all stand silent, you could have heard in pin drop, and they look towards Elder Brown and wait.

Elder Brown had thought hard about his legacy. He had been so sure of all that he had said, all that he had thought and at all that had led to this point in time. He feels the warm sunshine on his face. It reminds him of a time so long ago, of playing in the woods with his friends, of his mother: “You’ll be a good boy, right?” The question was of a general nature, asked before a playdate or some other visit or errand but now it is question of a pressing and of an overall general concern. “Yes mother” he answered, and he meant it. He meant it then and if he were asked that right now, he would still mean just that. Life is strange. A breeze is blowing on his face and it tussles at what is left of his hair. He takes a deep breath; it is as if he can feel the blood flowing in his veins. Feels good! He notices the quiet. So peaceful! He looks to the sky so clear and blue. Fine weather, fishing weather! His glance drifts to the side, to the nooses gentle swaying in a line with the breeze. What are those for? His heart skips a beat. There is a lump in his throat. He looks around at everyone quietly looking at him. A decisiveness of such strong conviction overwhelms him and he leaps from the stool and nearly sprints to the podium as if he is sudden decades younger and he roughly pushes Steph aside but as he finds his manners, he pauses long enough to beg her pardon and he moves up to the microphone to make his decree:
“Release those men and bring that one (he points to Milt) here. There are murmurs and grumbling from the crowds as the functionaries on hand spring into action apparently with joy in their hearts and make quick work of removing the bindings and shackles. Milt is brought forward, and he and Steph seem to share a quick and knowing (for Steph at least) glance. Milt is rubbing his wrists as Brown is unbuttoning his robe. He removes the garment, and all are surprised that he wears simple country garments underneath. He wraps the silky robe around Milt and stands back to look at him. Steph can’t help but beam her wholehearted approval.
“I would like to take this opportunity to announce my retirement and the appointment of my successor, this guy, … Milt, … the climate scientist.” The crowd is still for a second as they absorb and process the magnitude of the decision that has been laid before them, but they soon all (mostly) erupt in thunderous applause and shrieking delight, and as the people are further going crazy, Milt asks Elder Brown if he is serious.
“As a heart attack!”
“But I don’t know nothing about, … about, this?”
“Look, hire some advisors. That fellow is pretty smart” he says as he points to Jek.
“But if I were you, I’d make this lady (of course he means Steph) part of your team. You wouldn’t want her against you, I know!”
“But what will you do?”
“What will I do? That is a stupid question. Soon as I get out of here, I’m going fish’n!”
“But what will I do about the legal situation?”
“That’s your problem now. But I do have one more dictate to announce” and Brown faces the microphone one last time and as silence is once more largely attained, he makes his final decree:
“Tomorrow, when I wake and lookout across the city towards this stadium, I expect this (he points up to the gallows) to be gone.” Once more the crowds roar their approval and some of the more athletic among them instantly begin to scale the structure and with their bare hands and with the force of great numbers, rope and timber begin to fall, and by the time Lesa’s guitar [I think you already knew that is what a “breast harp” is] is passed up to her, what is left of the ghastly structure falls completely away amid hoops and howls of divine, rapturous vocal pandemonium. But the vocal pandemonium is far from over because after Lesa got plugged-in and struck the first chord of what by this time is the wildly popular song that she had debuted on the Saturday Night Variety Show, she is instantly overwhelmed by well over a hundred thousand voices singing out loudly all at once:

“And the men who hold high places
must be the ones who start
to mold a new reality
closer to the heart
closer to the heart

The blacksmith and the artist
reflect it in their art
They forge their creativity
closer to the heart
Yes, closer to the heart

The bells of the city begin to ring, and they strike a timely chorus

Philosophers and plowmen
each must do their part
To sow a new mentality
closer to the heart
Yes, closer to the heart, yeah


You can be the Captain
and I will draw the chart
Sailing into destiny
closer to the heart
Yes, closer to the heart

Well closer to the heart, yeah
Closer to the heart
Closer to the heart
I said closer to the heart

Well closer to the heart
Closer to the heart
Closer to the heart




Epilogue


The celebration went on all night. Nothing much was really solved but nothing much was really lost. The basis of the celebration was the realization of the fact that they had a foundation for which to build a future on. Crimes committed during the revolution and before by crooked officials and others were answered for and despite Steph’s acknowledgement and her taking responsibility, and even though that the young truck driver had dropped the charges, prosecutors were bound by convention and were forced to find Milt and Jem guilty of assault and forceful imprisonment and both were duly sentenced to probation for the crime. Others were more harshly punished for their crimes but none to the point of capital offence. It was discovered on that hot, summer night at the gallows that the public had lost its will to stomach such spectacle. But starting on that summer night and continued on the same date of each subsequent year, The Day of the Heart is celebrated in which the new anthem is gleefully and gladly song the world over and just as had happened on that first night, the Emergency Information System blasts out this message at precisely midnight:

“Attention all people of the Solar Federation
We have assumed control
We have assumed control”
