


Mosa I

From Pollen Grains


Written by Jungwhan Kim











Copyright 2010 by Jungwhan Kim
Smashwords Edition



I love my God, and I love my neighbor,
 truthfully and sincerely in my heart.


CONTENTS

Chapter 1  The Riddle Man’s Journal            4
Chapter 2   Nina Polchinski            7
Chapter 3  The Mercenaries            16
Chapter 4  The School            25
Chapter 5  The Wreckage	             32
Chapter 6  Sharine Pestice            41
Chapter 7  Tasha	             49
Chapter 8  The Assassins’ Chamber            57
Chapter 9  The Mute Girl	             66
Chapter 10  The Fable            75
Chapter 11  The Mutual Benefit            81
Chapter 12  The Blood Thirsty Men            87
Chapter 13  The Old Sewage            99
Chapter 14  The Ghost Ship Operation	             106
Chapter 15  Unhealthy Obsession	             113
Chapter 16  Shall We Dance?	             124
Chapter 17  The Cloaking	            135
Chapter 18  The Rat Trap	             143
Chapter 19  Sharine, The Cast Away            153
Chapter 20  A Dinner	             159
Chapter 21  The Veil	             165
Chapter 22  The Lumberjack            174
Chapter 23  Titto’s Guilt            179
Chapter 24  The Shelter            186
Chapter 25  The Machina Suit             192
Chapter 26 The Delusional Genius            197
Chapter 27  The Village            211
Chapter 28  The Paradigm Shift            219
Chapter 29  Peace            227
Chapter 30  The Kid’s Game            236
Chapter 31  The Hunters            246
Chapter 32  Cast the Dice into Time            261
Chapter 33  Tasha and Jake’s Past	             268
Chapter 34  Puzzles	             277
Chapter 35  Karl Wolff            290
Chapter 36  Henry Jefferson            299
Chapter 37  Declaring a War            306
Chapter 38  Happy Birthday            309
Chapter 39  The Fountain	             313
Chapter 40  The Launch            326
Chapter 41  Titto’s Conscience            331
Chapter 42  The Raid             341
Chapter 43  Interrogation 	             349
Chapter 44  The Escape            354
Chapter 45  Cat and Mouse            363
Chapter 46  The Ambush	             370
Chapter 47  The Maelstrom            376
Chapter 48  The Creatures            385
Chapter 49  The Dark Secret            397
Chapter 50  The Tavern            403
Chapter 51  Nina’s Nightmare	             410


Chapter 1
The Riddle Man’s Journal

It was a starry night. The moonlight spread on the dark blue sea; tides let out the cool breeze. Fish swam and jumped from the surface and crabs crawled under the freezing crystal water. The beach was covered by seaweeds, making the slimy breeding ground for the sea creatures. The cliffs and mountains stood behind, blooming with flowers and trees. Stars were shining brightly and the moon hung on the sky. Suddenly the boat scratched the rocky sand and the big foot appeared; it spattered the seaweed and pressed the ground. The man, who stanched with the smell of fishes, sang joyfully around the neighborhood as if he caught a mermaid. He was jumping and hopping all the way home. He was carrying the small straw basket which contained fishes; it dripped the water on the ground as he was shaking it around. He travelled through the forest for a while and entered the peaceful little town hidden among the woods. One fox with blackish fur was digging the ground under the tree, hiding her secret treasure. As the man approached the village, the guards standing in front of the gates nodded at him. Within a few blocks he entered the house painted in red with a door painted in white; he pushed the key inside the golden door knob and pushed the door open.
 The house was rather small and it was made out of woods. There were shelves with full of books, board games in the bottom. There was a bronze fish bone sculpture above the fireplace. ‘Biggest fish I’ve caught,' it was written on the side. On the table there was a vase full of wild flowers which one of his daughters brought, and the leftover cake which he have baked in the afternoon. The wedding picture hung on the wall. There was a beautiful and adorable woman, smiling happily with him. He spread some oil on the chopped woods inside the fireplace and put the fire inside; the orange light stretched out, warming up the room. He walked up to his old worn-out couch and collapsed on it and threw his dirty jacket on the floor.
It was late in the night; his three daughters were at sleep. They were all adopted in the past. Although he was old enough to be their grandfather, he managed to raise his daughters by his own. He was healthy and full of energy. Many things happened after his wife passed away, many stories and secrets were hidden in this very house.
The light was coming out from the kitchen. The slim fragrance of the baked cake still remained in the house. The kitchen light was dim and was not too bright. He stood up from the couch, took off his hat, whistling, and walked to the kitchen. He dropped the basket on the kitchen floor and kicked it toward the corner. He glimpsed at the leftover cake but he wasn’t hungry, so he went to his room. It was a dirty old room, full of disarrayed books and notes scattered in a random fashion.
He sat down and started dotting the map and writing figures. It was the map of the island he was living in. The map contained a bunch of red, blue magnets and the scribbles on it, as if it is describing the movement of migrating birds. On his desk, there was the mixture of notes, newspapers, books and the cookie crumbles. He started digging and moving around the piles, letting it land on the floor and fly in the air and grabbed one old journal. His eyes beamed, he grabbed a pen lightly, tapping against his palm, stared at the blank paper for a while. And then he wrote,

‘Is it a cruel fate that chained me, which was keeping me from becoming free for all these years? The chain did not break, no matter how hard I tried. Endless struggles I have gone through, my limb is failing. But I’ve found the key to the paradox, the last puzzle piece I was seeking. It is a true sanctuary, and it is true indeed.’

The man put down the pen and breathed deeply. On the side of the table, there were some of the outdated newspapers, it was filled with the picture of half blown cars and soldiers with guns.

Chapter 2
Nina Polchinski

Bright yellow light bulb hung from the ceiling, the moth flapped its dusty wings forming a large shadow on the wall. The huge metal cabinets stood in the corner of the old rusty locker room. Only one of the cabinet was open; it was occupied by the signed baseballs, along with the black rifle and the ammunition box. A little spider slowly entered the cabinet, building its house. 
In the middle of the room, there was a long table which took most of the space. There were one woman and the guy sitting at the table. The guy was snoring, tilting his head back; his mouth opened widely, dripping his saliva from his cheek to the collar.
The woman with uncombed hair, wearing a salmon colored shirt, was sitting next to him. She drank the coffee already gone cold. A big headphone around her neck screeched out some radio transmission. She clicked the computer screen, yawning, her eyes being stiffened and red. Her head got lightened which left her in a blank state. She shook her head violently and tapped on her cheek, struggling to stay awake. She grabbed her headphone and put it on. She heard an angry squeaky voice coming out from the headphone.
“What is this? You pathetic scumbags, you are now afraid of one little girl! Double check the figures! This is too much! Too much!!” she changed the frequencies few times, listening to them closely, making some notes but she couldn’t focus anymore. She took out her headphone and just collapsed on the table, groaning. The moth was flying around the light bulb.
“Well that’s it for today,” she murmured, yawning. The girl pulled out the USB drive from the computer and she stretched her muscles. She glimpsed at the snoring guy and shook her head lightly.  She pinched his cheek and expands it. It was slimy and gooey. His saliva poured out from his mouth; she let it go and it flowed on her hand like a rubber band. She groaned with disgust, and rubbed her hand on her pants. She stood up and went out the room.
“Damn it… already?” complained the girl, seeing the bright sunlight coming down from the stairs above. Scratching her head, she walked up the stairs. 
There was a thick metal door which was widely opened and there was a guard standing in front of it. His face was thick and fatty, looked like he had a good night sleep. She looked at the guard and threw the USB drive she was holding, hitting his helmet. The guard startled, tried to catch it, but it fell on the floor.
“Sergeant Johnson? I was informed from the officers that you have to attend the briefing this morning!” the guard shouted with a loud wringing voice as if she is at the end of the hallway.
“Screw it, I’m going to bed,” she said, with a dying voice. Her eyes were sore. She put her hands inside her pockets, passed by him with tottering steps.
“But… Sergeant Johnson,” the guard murmured, little concerned. The girl looked at him with a half opened eyes, yawning.
“And call me Sarah, dumbass. Sounds like I’m a guy,” she grumbled and walked up the stair. When she was at the hallway, she heard a loud sound of the generator running from outside.
“Not again…” said Sarah, weakly.
Not far from where Sarah was, a little girl opened her eyes, frustrated, covering her head with a pink pillow, eager to go back to her dream world. The room had somewhat peculiar look. On the floor, it had toys and puzzles, and closet nearby had various board games and grand chess stones. There was a large book shelves holding various literatures. On the wall, like some lunatic asylum, there were various notes and figures with no particular pattern. It was all over each other that it looked like some giant cocoon.
The girl had that skinny book-wormish look. Pretty, but had ghastly arms and corpse-like legs. There loud motor was bellowing outside, the men were shouting.
“It’s only six…” the girl groaned. She tried to ignore the sound but didn’t work; her anger built up as the machine sound become louder and louder, along with the men yelling. She suddenly leapt out of bed, grabbed the glass with a stain of orange juice and ran toward the window. She opened up the window and threw the glass with her full swing. The glass shattered, hitting the generator, the men startled and looked at the window.
“SHUT UP!” she screamed.
“P… Pardon me, admiral! Hey! You… you there! Stop the engine now!” started the man. The girl rolled her eyes and slammed her window.
She is living in a tyrannical country called Cassandra, ruled by a dictator named Veron Komer whom he calls himself the Emperor. Her name is Nina Polchinski, the head of the military group called Machina. It is the independent military group which manages the seditious activities in a rural community. The whole country was filled with blood and despair. Majority of the people living there were either hysterically frightened or had a murderous look. 
Last month, there were some youth movements moved by a pure youthful passion in this country; they left the daily work in the labor camp and sang and danced on the street. Soon they were pursued by the angry soldiers, got beaten on the spot and sent to the reeducation camps.
Nina worked under Veron as some mercenaries group. As Nina took a good care of the rural region and also generated a good profit. She was approved by Veron’s officers to have the military units and the base, although it was a considerate force, it was absurdly small compared to what Veron had. 
Nina herself became involved with this chaotic mess after the tragic event that took place eight years ago, when the dictator slaughtered her whole family. But Veron’s officers didn’t know as she fabricated the document.
Nina yawned and went to the bathroom and turned the water on. She splashed the cold water on her face and started brushing her teeth. There were bunch of puzzles on the floor which one of them attached on the bottom of her feet. Nina shook her legs to take it off, rubbing against the wall. She spat out the bubbles and stared at the mirror. She washed her mouth, and spat it out. 
Nina is in her twenties. Sometimes wore big goofy glasses except when she was commanding her army. Nobody believed that she would last this long in Cassandra. Everyone thought she was just a little fly in the midst of toads, but strangely she survived and her power grew significantly. She is keeping peace with Veron for now, collecting all the data she needs.
Nina entered the shower and calmed herself down. It was sunny outside; the men were cheerfully doing their daily work. She hummed and touched her hair in front of the mirror. She put her uniform, which her grandfather gave it to her. She stretched it so it doesn’t look too shabby, and went out the door.
In the cafeteria, she had pancakes with melted butter on its top and the hardboiled eggs. She poured the maple syrup on the pancakes and put the piece of the pancakes inside her mouth. Nina was in an extra good mood today because she heard that the exoskeleton suit in her research department was almost complete. It would definitely boost the battle capacity of her infantry. She loved to try it on too! Later she’s planning to go there after the daily report held in a tower. 
She visited the lab and talked to the bald scientist named Dr Potts. Last week he gave a boring lecture to Nina and to her primary advisor, Captain Stein, explaining that they are headed in the right direction and making progress on the project. He was excited that very soon they will have the machine suit for the infantry. Although most idea came from the young scientists, Krieg Parker and Jessica Rottman, Dr Potts always liked to brag about the technology. Captain Stein tried to be awake at the presentation Dr Potts held, which went on for three hours, but Dr. Potts talked on and on. So she just remembers by parts and parts during dozing, like a censored tape.
“… In order to manage the complex dynamics, one has to weight the probability rather than layering hierarchy… exponentially increase the amount of computation… filtering, modifying, and manipulating the external data and… after amplification is exhaustively complex...” and he went on, gabbled like a parrot, right next to the dumb piece of metal hanging with the thick electric wires.
Dr. Potts seemed to have a lot more to say after he filled three hours, had some sort of childlike pleading look toward Nina, as if he is saying “one more minutes.” However, she and Stein were looking at the clock and were shaking his leg intensely. So he ended the presentation.
Nina entered the briefing room, passed the heavy iron gates, stepping on the green floor, to be updated for the events happened in the last night. She was never intended to serve the military. Her grandfather, Simard Polchinski, one of the high ranked officers in Cassandra in the past, didn’t want her to become a soldier. 
The cause of the raid in Polchinski’s household was still in veil, no one knows the full history except Veron and few of his officers. Captain Stein, who was a close friend with Simard, put a lot of work to take care of Nina, although he didn’t expect her to become the head of Simard’s army. Nina had a very peculiar mindset which others view it as delusional or crazy. Nonetheless, she was a gifted strategist, led her men to the position which no one anticipated.
One of the officers briefed about the usual checking of the number of units, logistics, and various topological positions and basically said all things are fine. Nina dialed some number in the briefing room. She wanted to talk to the units in the field. One guy picked it up,
“Agent Duffie, reporting from the lair,” said the man.
“Hello Michel. How is it over there?” said Nina with her chirpy voice.
“Yes admiral, the information we retrieved from the soldiers, regarding us, are exaggerated and mixed with much fear. They are being paranoid about our army is trying to engulf them,” Michel made a snorting sound. “They are constantly reassuring themselves that they have a lot more artilleries than us. Well, so far that is happening only among the soldiers, Veron doesn’t seem to suspect anything wrong with us. According to the rumor, he is infatuated with some mute girl in some town we have raided and brought her into his chamber. So far, things look pretty good, admiral.”
“It is nice to hear, Michel, hopefully we will get you back in the base soon,” said Nina with an upbeat tone.
“Yes admiral, I surely miss Madam Wanda’s coffee, here is quite different,” said Michel.
“I’ve been thinking about transferring Sergeant Johnson to work with you guys,” said Nina.
“Oh,” said Michel, excitingly. “That is very good news, admiral.”
“Now, don’t get too excited, I’ll consult with Captain Stein and let you know, so, bye for now,” said Nina.
“My best regard to Captain Stein. Thank you admiral, out.”
Nina put down the phone, took out the candy from her pocket and melted it in her mouth. She looked into the reports, skimmed through, not reading much, and stared at the topological chart indicating the movement of the army. 
The door suddenly opened and Captain Stein entered the briefing room. He was the middle aged man with a baked skin due to the field work came in, leaving the whitish spots from his sunglasses.
“Oh hello Captain,” said Nina, smiling. Captain Stein saluted to her.
“Good day admiral,” said Stein, with his cemented face.
“How’s the infantry?” inquired Nina, playing with the candy inside her mouth.
“The 5th battalion moved its position to the beach area in the south. Veron will use the route frequently for now as he built the factories trying to make Jets,” replied Stein.
“He is trying to make Stealth planes, but nowhere near. Most of the parts were imported from the foreign merchants but assembly lines are quite defected,” said Nina. “No need to worry about that junk he is wasting time at. Our job is to stay low for now.”
“Should we make our forces return to the base?” asked Stein.
“No, make them join the marines.” said Nina, smiling. “So, I’ll leave you in charge, now; if anything comes up, I’ll be in the lab, they say the machine suit is ready.”

Chapter 3
The Mercenaries

The birds flew in the air, squawked and soared down, shaking the muddy feet which he got from the puddle. It was flying above the man walking on the street. He hardly looked hygiene, wore a long worn out yellow coat, which the mud spattered on the bottom end. He wore the filthy little shirt and the cap which was torn out on the side. Contrastingly he wore the luxurious golden watch and also the black, shining rifle strapped on his back.
His name is Herbie Madison, the man with a tanned and unshaved face; he was walking under the bridge painted with graffiti and filled with garbage. One little child was sitting at the metal structure of the bridge, watched him passing by from above. Herbie glanced at the child with his sharp, hawk-like eyes, piercing the child’s heart. The child froze and shuddered; he looked away and moved his body further back to the shadow.
The child’s name was Jake; he was the member of the club called the ‘Rodents.’ It is the club formed by a group of youngsters which recently became Veron’s new target, as its movement was intolerable in his eyes. Jake heard about what happened to the street musicians and break dancers, who were caught by Veron’s agents, the secret police units who surveillance the whole city. Jake and others in the club managed not to be seen by them because their meeting place was well hidden inside the old urban landscape which had many abandoned buildings. What the club does is that they jumped around the urban forest, through the buildings and construction areas, jumping around with excitement and with their boiling blood. As they had a contrasting look compared to the typical people dwelling in the city who looked more like zombies, Veron saw this as a dangerous activities done by rebels.
Herbie looked at the shadow under the bridge where the kid disappeared, made a snorting sound and walked past the bridge. Herbie wasn’t a secret agent, he was a mercenary. However recently, he was bit disturbed by the news concerning the growing power of Nina Polchinski, fearing some shift in power in Cassandra. According to the information from his fellow mercenaries, she is a schizophrenic killer with no emotion and is completely out of her mind. Herbie knew that those mercenaries were talking bogus and tried to exaggerate certain news they liked to talk about. He never met Nina in person, but he knew her army, Machina, as the name indicates, mainly formed with high tech machineries. The reason why he feared her was mainly because of her ghosts, specialized military units with a Stealth capability.
At first, Veron was excited about Nina’s presence because he thought her machines would bolster his security and expand his regime. It wasn’t too long ago that Veron found out about her past which left him panicking like a lamebrain crackpot, for eight years ago, he slaughtered Nina’s family. As a result, he ordered many, including Herbie who was spending time in a prison at the time, to surveillance what Nina’s whereabouts and what was she doing. Veron offered Herbie a deal, to release him from prison if he can track Nina down. Herbie accepted it gladly and went back to his old apartment.
Herbie thought that Veron is becoming overly paranoid toward Nina. However even the Assassins’ Chamber, another powerful military group, held the gathering to discuss the matter of weakening Nina’s growing power. But they finally concluded that even though Nina needs to be watched constantly, Machina’s army was too small. Therefore, ‘don’t make a fuss,’ that was their conclusion.  
 “I can’t give up,” he talked to himself. “I escaped from that hellish place on earth. Although all I did is relocate myself into this pile of shit,” he crossed the bridge; he saw some fat pigeon which was having a hard time taking a further step. He glanced at it and started dashing toward the pigeon. The poor pigeon was alarmed, flapped its wings helplessly to get away but it did no good. He grabbed the pigeon and threw it under the bridge; it made a weird sound as it went down. Herbie felt some odd, bizarre sense of pleasure. He didn’t bother to look what happened down the bridge, but paced himself toward the town. Herbie approached the building with the wired fence blocking the entrance. He pressed the doorbell.
“Who is it?” the hoarse voice came out from the speaker, full of hostility.
“It’s Herbie, open it up,” Herbie spoke.
“Herbie… Gee… you can’t come here. Did you escape from the prison?” the man hissed.
“No, I did not, Robert, Veron set me loose he wants to frame Ms. Polchinski. Hey, the words in the street is not good, I think there will be a war, we have to talk,” Herbie growled with a low voice.
“Herbie, get your shit together, there isn’t going to be any war, alright? Stop worrying about it,” snarled Robert.
“Hey, I’m not asking for your lousy help to save myself! I’m better off on my own. But still we need to talk! Now open this damn door!” Herbie bellowed, banging the gate.
“I could just tell you to shut your mouth right now and go back to work,” Robert sneered.
“I heard about the mail, Robert, right hand of Nina Polchinski have disappeared. She probably made him to spy over us, we have to do something! Not to mention our organization is now falling apart, and with those shitty retarded kids you recruited, you will not survive this storm,” Herbie barked. 
The gate made a buzzing sound. Herbie smirked and entered the garden. The garden was full of long grasses and the decaying tree. He walked toward the wooden door which was half opened. When he entered the house, he saw a grubby, disarrayed, dungy-dusty house. The aged pepperoni pizza spattered on the ground, dried and shrunk like some worm died on a pavement. Robert seemed to be preparing a breakfast when Herbie rang the doorbell. Robert was holding a turkey breast sandwich; he put the cold turkey sandwich on the microwave.
“I didn’t know you cooked,” said Herbie, grinning.
“Well, it is the morning, I’m hungry; so I eat the food.” grumbled Robert, taking out the cherry pie from the refrigerator and set it on the table.
“Come on Robert. Don’t be like some grumpy old man, you are still young. Well, not that young.” Herbie laughed.
“Yeah, have some pie, will ya, ye bastard,” Robert curled his lips.
Herbie and Robert were friends long before they both got into the Mercenary Network. They were foreigners. In the past, they had a failed robbery in the rich neighborhood in their home country. They ran away from the law enforcement officers and entered Cassandra. Cassandra was a war-ridden society where people earn living by selling cocaine, weaponry and counterfeiting. The country was dwelled by criminals, prostitutes, escaped prisoners, and extreme thinkers.  Because of this, the country sometimes referred to as a ‘Tabula Rasa.’ However, as the business flourished, people who wanted to rule the country started a war and topple off the current government. After the years and years of long tiresome wars and conflicts, Veron became a dictator and titled himself the Emperor. That ambitious blockhead tried to expand his empire since then, until Nina came along and threatened the whole system. Before Herbie went to prison, he made a living by selling personal protection kits and weaponry they made, living quietly. One time when Veron’s soldiers came along and threatened to pay absurdly high tax, Herbie end up losing his temper, beat up the soldier and went to prison.
“So, the right hand of Nina, what was his name again?” said Herbie, his mouth full of cherry pie, the crumbles glued on his lips. Robert was shaking his knees awful lot, waiting for the turkey sandwich to heat up.
“Alvin Caravel, disgustingly talented gunslinger. I’ve heard news regarding him from time to time and it shivers my back. Unfortunately, I have to say, I agree with you regarding his news, I don’t think he left Nina Polchinski’s command,” said Robert, breaking the pie with hand and chewing it.
“So, Polchinski is up to something,” said Herbie.
“Yes, but I don’t have a clue,” said Robert, with a sulky attitude.
Herbie saw the old socks lying around the floor, with few bullets scattered alongside it. Robert surely was in a bad mood today. He looked like he hasn’t had a sleep for days; he had a distracted look with sunken eyes.
“So, are you feeling scared and miserable that Caravel might be blazing his guns around anytime soon?” asked Herbie, tittering.
“Shut up,” said Robert, getting the sandwich as the microwave started beeping.
It was a foot long sandwich, golden skin of turkey sticking out, steaming on the table. Herbie took another slice of cherry pie and took a huge bite.
“This is good,” said Herbie. “Shot of vodka would’ve been nice.”
“If Caravel causes a trouble, the Assassins’ Chamber will take care of it, as long as it doesn’t interfere with our business, we are good. How did you know about the mail anyway?” said Robert, demanding.
“Relax, relax, if you can get access to the information, it is either an announcement which everyone shares or a spam where you make donation,” Herbie lay back on the chair, crossing his leg.
“Always nice to see you,” said Robert, sarcastically. “I have more serious news to be concerned about; I couldn’t sleep and eat for days now. But, today I’m more relaxed, so…” said Robert, having a big bite at sandwich, ripping it up and swallowed it.
“Yeah I’ve noticed you bit looked extra ugly. What is the news?” said Herbie, staring at Robert, focusing on his bony cheek.
“Four days ago, the person who claimed to be working under Nina Polchinski called me. I don’t know whether he was joking or not because the call was untraceable,” said Robert.
“What do they want?” muttered Herbie.
“She wants our drone technology,” said Robert.
“Why does she want our shit for? I thought she was better at that,” said Herbie, confused.
“True, I think she wants to study what kind of system we are using. We were the one who sold Veron the drones,” said Robert.
“What did she offer in return?” asked Herbie.
“It’s a lot, around thirty thousand ora. It’s a good deal. But if we refuse, she will blow our asses to the moon,” said Robert. Ora is the one of the currencies Cassandra used, which contained precious metals, as Cassandra had no proper financial institution. Ora contained gold, enosi contained silver and psomi contained copper.
“Come on, we can’t just make a deal. If Veron finds out, our neck will be gone, and I rather die in Nina’s hand than that sick bastard. I’m telling you that Nina is no match for Veron. Veron’s army is too massive to be handled by Nina’s toys; it would be hard for her to win the war,” said Herbie.
“I see… I do think accepting the offer was out of question. Well, I guess we are on the same page now,” said Robert.
“By the way, I’m short on cash; bounty hunting business is not bad. How much is Caravel’s neck?” asked Herbie.
“I haven’t checked, but I’m pretty sure it is dead or alive. But, I have no interest in trouble making. I’m trying to keep my ass in the shadow, my friend,” Robert cackled. Herbie leaned back, swallowing big chunk of pie into his stomach.
“I’m boiling with excitement which has been vacant for many years. I’m going to hunt him down,” Herbie grinned.

Chapter 4
The School

Jake got home and told Tasha about the shoddy, worn-out man walking past the bridge. Tasha and Jake was adopted by a host parent, whom they called each other ‘darling’ like husband and wife, but Jake knew they are just pretending to be family for their sake. Although they are legally married, he knew the woman in the house is just a housemaid hired by the skinny man. The skinny man works at some poor elementary school, teaching little children and writes a play for the school. Although adopted, Jake didn’t call them mom and dad. Tasha didn’t either, because the man and woman always got really awkward and uncomfortable, and they didn’t know how to react whenever Jake called them like that. Jake thought calling her a ‘maid’ was considered rude so they just called her by name, Diana. At first they called the man a teacher but they just called him Alvin later on. They lived in a big, rusty, haunted-looking house over the hill, little distant from the urban landscape. Jake couldn’t figure out how Alvin could afford Diana, but Diana just seemed like she liked living here so he didn’t think too much about such matter.
“Well, I think I’ve seen the guy before. Does he wears the crumby gray hat that you want to say to him, why bother wearing it?” said Tasha, after Jake told her a story about the shabby man he saw under the bridge, whose eyes were like a hawk.
“Yeah, so you know! Is he a bad person?” asked Jake.
“I don’t know, Jake. He got that fancy watch too! All I know is that I tried to snatch it one day,” said Tasha, her arm crossed.
“I haven’t seen it, but go on.” Jake insisted.
“But unfortunately, when I got close to him, he noticed me and leered at me with that bestial look. So, I just stopped there, looking at him, and he snorted and walked away,” she said, twitching her lips.
“Huh,” said he.
“Aren’t you supposed to take that to Alvin, Jake?” said Tasha, pointing at the lunch box Jake was holding.
“Oh, right… yeah, see you later Tasha,” said Jake, hurriedly waved at her and galloped away.
Jake is now going to the elementary school which Alvin teaches. Diana said he forgot his lunchbox again, complaining that he is doing this on purpose. Jake ran through the red brick buildings and the grey concrete walls. He smelt a delicious scent from a street vendor. Jake went over the fence and went up to the old wooden building. The children were playing balls in the field.
In the school office, there were a group of teachers having a lunch break. On the corner, there was a kid who was being punished after he threw the chalk into the big pots of soup in the kitchen.
“Well, my friends, there are so much in this world that you are missing out, a early bright sunrise and gloaming sunset in the ocean, seagulls in the sky and fishes gliding in the sea. If you are stuck, you can just go out and enjoy the beautiful day! And I thought I could never become an environmentalist,” Alvin chuckled at the group of teachers in the office. They were complaining about the school that they are underpaid.
They were always mad at Alvin for his lack of effort to follow the rules. The funding came from the social workers from the foreign countries and most of the workers at school are from the city itself, merely working there because they did not want to beg on the street.
“Well, I’m going to lie down on the grass. Hey you! Come with me,” Alvin pointed at the kid raising his arm in the air. The kid smiled happily and followed Alvin outside. There were inflamed gazes from the teachers, but Alvin doesn’t seem to care much. 
However, they didn’t say anything because they were afraid of him. They’ve heard the rumors in the street that Alvin was working under the infamous Nina Polchinski. In fact, almost everyone in the school believed that he was an undercover agent implanted by Nina.
Alvin, feeling little hungry, went near the lake where the sun brightly sparkled against the water. The kid ran toward the water cheerfully. 
The cars passed by on the other side of the lake, and there was one man who was standing in the middle of the street. He didn’t seem like he was originated from this city; his stature seemed round and looked like some mascot at the amusement park. Alvin stared him vaguely without much of interest and he just lay back on the grass. The kid held some watery mud in his palm and appeared before Alvin.
“What’s up with that dirt, kid?” asked Alvin, snorting.
The kid didn’t say anything; he just smiled and put it on Alvin’s shoes. The boy kept walking back and forth from the stream with a watery mud from the stream. Alvin just laid back and stared at the sky while kid just put the mud into his shoes over and over again. Eventually Alvin took off his shoes threw it away. His barefoot felt the warm moist grass, Alvin closed his eyes, enjoying the breeze.
The boy came back and cheerfully put the mud on Alvin’s feet, he looked at the boy. 
“Do you like riddles, my little friend?” said Alvin. The boy shook his head, smiling. 
Alvin glimpsed the kids playing soccer in the field and said. “Go on little guy, play some balls,” he chuckled and tapped the kid’s shoulder; the kid ran towards them, let out his nutty screaming. Alvin closed his eyes, wiggling his toes.
A little later, he heard a soft thump against the grass.
“Hello Jake,” said Alvin.
“Diana said she’s going to chop you off for the supper,” said Jake.
“I’m sure she will,” Alvin laughed, grabbed the apple from the lunch box and took a big bite.
“Alvin? Have you ever been up on that hill?” asked Jake, looking at Alvin.
“You mean that one or the one in the north?” Alvin crunched the apple, glimpsing at one of the hill in front of him.
“I don’t know. That one,” Jake pointed behind, toward the north side and Alvin gazed at it. It was a huge bulky metal structure with pudgy metal bars shining around it. It was the institution where Veron’s officers and other important political figures send their kids for an education.
“Veron’s institution. Hmm… that isn’t school Jake; it is more of a madhouse. People who work there don’t call it school either, because they want to distinguish themselves from the rest of us. All they do is institutionalizing the kids so they can use them conveniently,” said Alvin.
“The rich kids go there,” said Jake, little discouraged.
“Well, you can’t bind the souls forever Jake; the wisdom comes when we are free, and flourish when we do something good with it,” said Alvin, finishing off the apple and threw the rest away. “So, do whatever you want to do Jake, because it is closer than you think.” 
Jake stared at him, feeling little better, nodding.
“By the way, did you do your homework that I gave you?” said Alvin with the perky tone.
“Yes, all of it,” said Jake with a dull tone.
“Well, I see your ambition there, Jake, do you want to be a great scholar?” asked Alvin.
“No, I want to be a strategist like Nina Polchinski,” said Jake, speaking abruptly. Alvin got little surprised, raising his eyebrows. He grabbed the sandwich from the box and took a huge bite; his stomach grumbled.
“You do think I can do it, right Alvin?” said Jake, his eyes beaming. Alvin stared at him for a moment, sighing.
“I hoped that you would walk a different path…” mumbled Alvin, coughing; his throat is stuffed with food. He opened the water bottle and start gulping.
“But…” said Jake, nervously.
“But there is no stopping you, isn’t it?” Alvin wiped his mouth with his sleeves. “The world of schemers, huh… I can tell you it is far from the boring world Jake. If you get famous, everyone in this city will try to kill you.”
Alvin chuckled, and took another bite at the sandwich.
“… But if you are that good, then you know how to survive, right Alvin?” said Jake, unsure.
“Nope, no one can, not even Nina Polchinski,” said Alvin, grinning. “But, I might be able to teach you the basic.”
 Jake was excited, muzzle himself from jumping around. And they sat for a while, chatting about the other topics until Alvin finished the meal; Jake wasn’t hungry as he already ate. Jake glimpsed at the institution occasionally during the conversation.
“Jake?” said Alvin, giving Jake an empty lunchbox.
“Yes?” said Jake, receiving it.
“That forest, surrounding those big ugly building, is a mine field. So, there is no hope going through without giving up your leg. However, I do remember there is an old abandoned building which used to be crop storage. It has a parking lot that leads to the underground tunnel through the field,” said Alvin.
Jake was staring at Alvin, confused.
“It’ll be right next to the water tower. So, off you go now, Jake, I’ll see you at the dinner,” Alvin lay back on the grass, grunting. Jake ran toward the house.

Chapter 5
The Wreckage

At Nina’s base, at the engineering lab, the man was walking with some metal frame attached to his body. The workers there were saying that it was intended to be look like an exoskeleton of the Hercules beetle, but rather it looked like a fur ball. One of the guards was called in to try out the suit. Scientists gathered and watched him toddling with huge metal frames. Jessica Rottman, one of the head researchers in the team, was standing next to him. She was wearing glasses, dressed in a white lab coat, carrying a check board on her arm. She was with her partner, Krieg Parker, a tall young man with a nerdy look, wearing slightly bigger glasses than Jessica. Also, there was Dr. Potts, a short, bald, middle aged man.
The subject, however, seemed to be having a hard time. His left arm seemed to be too loosened and twisted in joint and his right arm didn’t move well at all. Exhausted, his whole body was covered with sweat.
“This is awesome…” said Krieg, with a half opened mouth.
“Mmm… Mmm…” said Jessica, observing sharply, also satisfied with herself. Dr. Potts looked interchangeably at the barometer and the subject and complained.
“Look at the movement between left and right joint, it’s off balanced! The motor is heating up too fast! This is useless!” he annulled, rubbing his bare head with frustration.
“Now, now don’t worry Dr. Potts, this is quite a progress,” said Jessica, with her foxy gaze, writing something on the check board.
“Well, I’m guessing we are far away from putting this in the combat area,” mumbled Dr. Potts. 
“Man, you are depressing me! We are going to get this done within a month!” shouted Krieg, his cheek became reddish.
“Yes, it is such a pain to renew the deadline every time,” said Jessica, bitterly.
Dr. Potts shook his head and looked at the struggling subject. He sensed something poking on his shoulder. He moved around, seeing nothing, rubbed his head and turned around. All of a sudden, he felt his chin stretching itself, revealing his teeth. Completely shocked, he jumped, screamed and threw the check board in the air.
The laughter of the girl came out from the air. Nina deactivated her microwave cloaking device and she appeared in front of Dr. Potts who was on the floor. She removed the head gear from her head and gave a Potts hand to help him up.
“Hello, admiral,” said Jessica, delightfully.
“Nina! I have a heart condition!” Potts bellowed as he stood up. Dr. Potts was also the friend to Nina’s grandfather, Simard Polchinski, and took a good care of Nina at her youth.
“Oh, Dr. Potts, you made this for me. You should get used to it,” said Nina, softly touching his shoulder, giggling. The cloaking devices were attached at her shoulders, waist and legs. They emitted electromagnetic radiation which was absorbed in her body when activated. She had the special headgear to identify the object. Potts opened his mouth but the words didn’t come out. He twitched his mouth like an ignorant school boy.
“Well, I was just going over to the medical room. Veron is doing some strange work nowadays… I shouldn’t tell you this, so please don’t talk to Captain Stein; else, he will be all over me again,” said Nina. Krieg and Jessica were curious, moved toward her closely.
“Is this about that strange attack at the southern sea?” asked Jessica. Nina nodded.
“Our marines, who were patrolling in the area, found someone hovering in the sea with a little salvage tube. She was one of the sex slaves being captive by the traffickers was on the vessel, until, well… the ship got attacked,” said Nina.
“Pirates?” said Krieg.
“Those damn pirates,” Dr. Potts grumbled on the side.
“I do not know whether it is pirates, we have to ask that girl,” replied Nina.
“So, did you bring her to the base?” asked Jessica.
“Yes we did. I’m unsure about what actually happened there. The ship didn’t sink, had no sign of robbery, it was just floating on the sea. Our marine quickly left the vessels as Veron’s search squad arrived. We haven’t figured out the details yet, but I’m pretty sure that most, if not all, crews are dead,” said Nina. Dr. Potts were writing intensely on his chalkboard and gestured at the man with the suit to walk faster.
“Yes, it is quite strange, normally the slaves are well guarded,” said Jessica.
“Yeah, I mean it got big ass missiles, torpedo launchers along with the bunch of mercenaries,” said Krieg.
“Is she the only survivor?” asked Jessica to Nina.
“Yes, I’m pretty sure. I think Veron’s squad are pretty shocked themselves too, they didn’t report the news yet…” said Nina, glimpsing at Dr. Potts focusing on the data sheet.
“When we took her, she was in a very bad state. She got various wound and bruises, her eyes half opened like a dead shell, quivering her blue lips. And when marines got her to the boat, and warmed her up with the blanket, they looked at the ship from the distance. It seemed vacant, among the mist it just stopped there like the bloated corpse floating on the sea. BOO!” Nina suddenly screamed at Potts, he startled, fell down on the floor again, grabbing his heart, cursing and swearing.
“We love you, Potts,” Nina giggled, walked up to the medical room, which was located right next to the lab due to the recurring accident. She approached the physician with a sharp penetrating look. Right next to them, a bony, skeletal girl was sitting behind the one way mirror. She had severe bruises on her face and arms.
“How are things going, Dr. Berman?” said Nina, to the physician with a sharp look. He cleared his throat, giving Nina the medical report and pictures of her injuries. Nina glimpsed at it, frowning a little. 
“Her name is Becky, 18 years old, severely abused even before she was taken by traffickers. Her old wounds, we presume, were made by her own father or a close family members, bones disjointed on her shoulder which healed by itself. There were freshly made wounds and ruptures on her face and body. There also was some minor internal bleeding on colon and small intestine. And we assume they used a bat to break her Achilles tendon in order to prevent her from running,” said Berman plainly. “I do think they make her drink containing some feces. She seemed to suffer from severe dehydration. But other than that, her blood is clean from any diseases, although we are still checking for HIV,” said Dr. Berman,
“Uh huh,” said Nina in disgust and silently stared at Becky’s shallow, boney face.
“She just woke up yesterday, sleeping for three days straight. She now ate some soup and gained some energy to talk, although she is still, well… unstable.” said Berman.
“Good work doctor,” said Nina and entered the room.
“Hello Becky,” said Nina.
“Hi,” Becky smiled weakly. She had a feeble, fragile look. Her cheek was pink, and eyes were alive.
“Such a strong girl, you survived. Are you feeling better?” smiled Nina.
“A little better…” she replied quietly.
“It’s pretty safe here. All these men will protect you. You can stay here as long as you wish,” said Nina with a soothing voice. Becky nodded in silence. She was shaking a little but breathed in and out peacefully.
“You look young… But they called you… admiral,” said Becky, gazing at Nina.
“Well, yes. This place has been my home for quite some time,” said Nina.
“You seem… nice,” said Becky. 
Nina silenced for a while, looking at her big eyes blinking slowly.
“Could you tell me about yourself?” said Nina.
Becky cleared a throat, mixed with some gurgling noise. She had a blue purplish bruise on her neck. With a quiet but clear voice, she spoke.
“I had a dream of becoming a singer. I sang and sang in street although my parents opposed to it. My father drank and gambled; day after day it was becoming harder and harder to live… I was hungry. Seemed like world turn the back against us. And one day, the guy came up to me in the street and asked me that he’ll give me some money if I sang at the bar,” Becky coughed a little, feeling a discomfort on her neck. She grabbed the water bottle on the table. She sipped the water and continued.
“He took me to the place… it was a strange place, I’ve heard people crying, screaming on the other room. I was afraid, so I asked him whether this is the right place. He gazed at me as if he were to comfort me. His deep eye was sunken, seemed to be sad. I knew he was sad. He nodded and smiled, but I knew at that moment I made a mistake, the next moment I was grabbed by two men and the guy turned around and walked away,” said Becky, shuddering a little. 
“Do you remember the place?” said Nina.
She shook her head, trembling intensely, the water flowed out from the bottle and spilled on the table. Nina quickly grabbed the bottle and set it up.
“The next thing I remember was blackness. They took me to the ship and locked me on the cell… I was with a lot of other women. They were scared; I was scared too so we talked to each other, trying to make each other feel better. But the day after, man took me, tied me to some chair, ripped off my shirt and injected something in my heart. The pain grasped me; blood flowed to every limb like a fire, burning. As if something is scratching my bone fiercely, cold, piercing my body inside. When I woke up, I was in a cell with a red mark on my breast. Soon I realized I was the only one on the ship. I looked around and the other people were… torn into pieces on the floor. It was too horrible… too horrible…” Becky started sobbing.
“Torn?” said Nina.
Becky made a shrieking sound, covered her head and dropped the bottle on the floor.
“I see…” mumbled Nina.
The girl was crying, Nina stood up and gestured at the mirror for the nurse to come in. 
“Calm down. Becky, it’s alright, it’s all over,” said Nina. She pressed the button, and the nurse came in.
“Treat her well,” said Nina.
“Yes, admiral,” said the nurse, embracing Becky with the blanket she brought. Nina got out the room, her face pale. Dr. Berman was waiting for her.
“I thought Veron reduced the number of human experiment on bio weaponry,” said Berman.
“All the soldiers are dead along with the slaves. This is an accident, not anticipated in any way. She said they are torn out, I do not know whether she is telling the truth or she was in too much distress at the time.” said Nina, taking out her lollipop from her pocket and licking it.
“The news report came out while you are in there; they reported that it was some shooting spree of by pirates. If they clean the scene now, we will never found out what actually happened there,” said Berman.
“Bullshit… By the way, what was that drug they injected inside her? Doesn’t sound like cocaine,” asked Nina.
“It is called a gamma hydroxybutyrate acid, a knock-out drug. It is the same drug which is used in Romeo and Juliet. I think one of them put into her; presumably because she was resisting a lot.” said Berman.
“Or… Necrophilia,” Nina objected. Berman frowned, disgusted.
“Yes, and I shouldn’t say Romeo and Juliet,” said Berman.
“Well, we can probably see him as some pervert Romeo. The fact is that she is extremely lucky to be alive. Take care of her well, doctor,” said Nina.
“Of course, admiral,” Berman nodded.

Chapter 6
Sharine Pestice

At the dock, and seagulls cried out. Fishermen were busily carrying around the fish box, a dead fish dropped from it. Brownish crab enjoyed the sunbath on the rock. The tide surged toward them, and the crab lowered its posture, grabbing the rock tightly. Bell-shaped jellyfish glided inside the water with trailing tentacles. The ship bellowed; the giant motor performed its motions, splashing and paddling against the petty tide. The captain of the ship sets his eyes on the horizon.
Herbie went out from the cargo ship and stepped on the land, like hungry hyenas searching food. He splashed puddles, stepping on fish bones and shells. The cat hid behind the garbage and the narrow corridor, leering at him. He just spoke to the mercenaries who want to join the hunt. But they were reluctant to touch any of the Nina’s associates. He thought he would get the respect from the peers if he managed to capture him.
He spat on the ground, calling them cowards and head toward the slightly more psychopathic group, the traffickers. It was a perfect timing as they were enraged about the recent attack on their ship on the southern sea. They were seeking revenge. He knew that any blood will serve to ease their rage. 
“Thirty thousand ora…” Herbie mumbled with a big smile, he could negotiate up to forty percent of profit in an exchange for the valuable information contained in the mail, that he left Nina Polchinski’s command. He heard that the postman who was carrying the mail in secret turned to mercenaries and sold the letter for quite a profit.
One of the traffickers said to Herbie to make a deal about the letter. Herbie knew he had to act fast before the word spread to the Assassins’ Chamber. He cannot just blow this golden opportunity. Herbie already went to the orphanage where Alvin Caravel adopted two kids, where they gave Herbie a hysterical screeching that they do not have any relation with Alvin Caravel. He is now heading straight to the traffickers to negotiate the price.
As Herbie got into the car and started the engine. As he got to the corner, he suddenly stopped at the abrupt appearance of some man. Herbie hit the brake suddenly, cursing. He put down the window and yelled. “Watch where you going, asshole!” The man stepped back a little and just continued walking, ignoring him. Herbie was thinking of getting out of the car and beat the shit out of him, but he is on the clock, so he drove away. The passenger glimpsed at the car.
He was a chubby, round shouldered man with a round nose, who looked like the elementary school coach at the gym. His name was James Wichmann, one of the agents working under Nina Polchinski. Although he was titled Captain, he volunteered as a field agent. He hated killing, he avoided as much as he can. 
It was nearly dark when he received a call from Captain Stein. He was looking for some legendary figure named Sharine Pestice, the headmistress of the Assassins’ Chamber. She was raised and born in this very city, escaped from the train when Veron’s soldiers took bunch of the homeless children for a medical experiment.
The phone was vibrating from his pocket. He took it out flipped open.
“James, can you hear me?” said Captain Stein, from the phone.
“Loud and clear,” replied James.
“Have you contacted the subject?” said Stein.
“No, she sure have a talent, it is very hard to track her down,” said James adjusting his cap.
“Have you been to her office?”
“Yes, just now, but it was bit strange.”
“How do the other clients contact her?” asked Stein.
“Well… it’s bit weird,” James murmured.
“Weird?”
“According to the sign hung on the door in her office, the instructions were like this, ‘Get the clothes off, keep the underwear and cuff yourself on the metal pole and Wait till I come,’” said James.
“…” Captain Stein silenced, frustrated.
“And I do think we should use our newbie to do this,” said James, chuckling.
“We are short on time, if we cannot find her in two days, we might have to do that,” said Captain Stein.
“Roger that. Out,” said James, disconnecting the phone.
“This is embarrassing.” James shook his head. And he saw some man coming out from the rusty door. He pulled his shirts to wipe his dusty sunglasses. He frowned as if he is irritated by the hangover and the vowel fragrance of puke. He seemed to be hoping that the sun gives some positive outlook which seemed to be not working. He looks at the crowd passing the street. He was a pale, thin creature in a feverish state, drifting like a ghost; he started walking toward the stony road besides the red brick wall.
‘Typical surrounding in Cassandra,’ James thought, scowling. James heard of Nina’s concern regarding the human experiment which Veron was pursuing for years. Although according to the information he had, the number of children taken for an experiment is significantly reduced.
Veron had a massive army, although he only focused on maintaining the regime and thereby eliminating the rebels. This made Veron’s officers to engage in a nitpicking business which dismantled all commercial enterprises. This enabled the mercenaries to lurk inside the country which they made living by bounty hunting business of lurking terrorists and criminals, along with the funding from the investors for human experiments of certain drugs. 
Veron was ambitious for years and years trying to create super soldiers by practicing an advanced gene alternating technology. James was actually quite concerned about the fact about the recent decrease in numbers of human experiments. 
“Maybe he did succeed in making super soldiers…” murmured James.
He wasn’t sure why Nina wanted to contact the assassin who was working independently, given the fact that Nina already had many talented soldiers. There was a mysterious attack in the southern sea indeed, but there were no particular reason this assassin was better at identifying the source better than her army.
“Nina is playing a dangerous game…” he murmured. James knew that Nina occasionally slipped the falsified information just to blur Veron’s thinking.
James thought about Sharine Pestice for a moment. She was after all, the headmistress of the Assassins’ Chamber. Like Nina, she spent her entire childhood in a war-ridden time in Cassandra. It would not only be hard to track, but almost impossible to take her into custody, let alone surviving from her rage if she found out that he’s tracking her down to capture her.
“I’m finally going nuts,” he sighed. He turned back and went up to Sharine’s office.
James sent out the text regarding his location that he is indeed at Sharine’s office. He took off his clothes; his jelly belly was dancing, and put it on the metal closet as indicated in the ‘Steps to Follow’ note. He is in his underwear now he locked the closet and cuffed himself in a chain and just sat there, waiting. Feeling stupid, humiliated and embarrassed when this turn out to be a big joke, or if she decided not to meet him, he will be too embarrassed to say anything to the officers. 
Hours and hours have past; the white vapor came out of his mouth. He shivered at the decreasing temperatures in the nighttime.
Miles away from Sharine’s office, the cuff sent the signal to Sharine’s phone. The cell phone vibrated in her back pocket as it received the alert message. “Customer has arrived!” it shouted.
She was surrounded with the smell of fungus and foul aroma sneaking out from the restroom. Sharine was leaning against the wall, smoking. She had a well shaped body, dressed in a blue velvet dress, with a pistol strapped on her leg.
“If I remember correctly, the stuffs are supposed to be in the trunk?” she said, looking at the hoary old man who froze at her sight. The old man glanced at this extremely beautiful woman, her eyes dangerously beaming.
“Ah…haha didn’t expect you there Pestice. Dressed up nice eh? Meeting your prince charming?” the old man chuckled, fixing his hat.
“Even the seven year old brat won’t fall into your trick, you are getting old, Mr. Raymond,” Sharine started laughing.
“Watch your tongue Pestice,” the man sneered.
“I personally don’t like you, old man. I was just letting you live because of one of my customers’ sake, but as you ruthlessly killed him, I’ve got no reason to keep you alive,” said Sharine, smiling like a poisonous flower. The old man swallowed his saliva; sweat came down from his forehead.
“But I’ll let you live if you decide to buy weaponries from Hickernell,” she said, holding up the pistol, aiming at his head.
“Ha! You are too late Pestice, I killed him too! Well, probably he is dead by now! And deal is already done with my old friend,” Raymond chuckled.
“What a shame,” muttered Sharine, clutched her pistol tightly.
“Yeah, there is nothing you can do now,” Raymond sniggered. “So get your ass out of here! You have no business here!”
“You are a funny man, Raymond,” said Sharine and she turned suddenly, shot the guy hiding behind the dark window. Raymond startled and reached for his handgun, but before he could do anything his head was blown. He staggered and fell on the pavement.
“Amateurs,” she mumbled. Sharine walked toward the old man and took his black suitcase. She held up her phone to check the message.
“Now who is this?” said Sharine, amused. She looked at the picture which was taken by the camera inside her office. “A plumber…?”

Chapter 7
Tasha

Chestnut trees with cracked nuts spread on the pavement, snapped and broke as the passengers stepped on. A little girl named Tasha was running fast, her hat pressed backward, pushing the people around to get though. The group of men in a military uniform blew a whistle and let out a high pitched voice, pursuing her. Tasha quickly got through the cracked hole on the wall, made by a detonation in the past. She stepped inside the garden and saw the iron ladder. She started climbing it to reach the rooftop. On the top, she jumped to the building on the side and lay flat on the floor. 
She heard angry yelling and cursing on the street. Her chilled down sweat soaked her shirt.
“That snitch!” shouted the man, catching his breath, leaning against the wall; other three men were arching their back, panting.
“Maybe she is from that youth group who jumps from buildings to buildings! We should take them in and discipline them!” bellowed the other man, his reddish eyeball bulging out.
“Sir, I think we lost her,” hissed the man.
“Silence! We will search the area more. Now you! You come with me! And you check the other side!” the man squealed, filled with rage, his vein sticking out.
“Yes sir!” they saluted and started running. 
The noise died away, Tasha sighed with relief. Tasha knew the youth group they are referring to is the group called the ‘Rodents,’ but she wasn’t in the group. They followed her because she took the wallet from one of them and ran away. Jake, the boy who is living in her house, is in the group. He invited her once but she refused to join because she thought it was stupid. All they do was drawing graffiti on the wall, jumping around the building and sometimes throwing rotten eggs at the soldiers. 
Tasha, however, was actually glad when she found out that Jake was in the group, because Tasha thought Jake was too shy. Tasha wanted him to be brave, was worried that the world will trample him over.
Later, Tasha came down from the ladder. She was supposed to meet Jake at the pond nearby their house. The sun hung on the middle of the sky.
They were adopted by the man named Alvin Caravel, and Tasha knew he wasn’t the ordinary person. Alvin Caravel, the right hand of Nina Polchinski, was full of secrets and had notorious rumors, but she loved him very much because not only he rescued her and Jake from the orphanage, he was kind to her.
However, Tasha didn’t know much about Alvin, all she knows is what she has heard from the candy shop owner named Charlie. He was talking about Alvin as if he is telling a tale about some superhero. Tasha didn’t believe Charlie because he was bit crazy; she always wondered how he managed to run the candy shop. According to Charlie, there is a humongous candy castle somewhere in pacific and he also thinks that his wife is a snow white. Nevertheless, she was dear friend with him, and he always gave her free candies whenever she came. She walked into the candy store with Diana at first, and she liked it very much, so she came here by herself often. When she told him that she was adopted by Alvin, he gasped and blabbered for hours.
“He entered the bar with a rifle on his shoulder! Grabbing one bloody man with the one hand and he threw him across the bar! Over the floor! Ho! Like a doll! A doll! And there! He blazed his gun in the bar, where his old enemies were frozen at the sight of him! He opened fire! And they did too! He took out the pin from the grenade! Yes! Like a frost gushing inside blizzard, the bomb shell showered on the bar!” Charlie was almost jumping around, excited. Tasha just stared at him and just laughed with him.
In a recent visit, Charlie seemed to be little concerned about the mysterious attack at the ship, he said he doesn’t believe in news, he told Tasha that it was one of the sea monsters like kraken or siren, that took all the crews. Tasha shook her head, looking at him rather pitifully. She just brought the local newspaper with her and gave Charlie to read. Charlie, as usual, gave her free candies. Tasha picked the peppermint coconut flavored candy and sucked on it. 
Tasha was sitting there enjoying Charlie reading a newspaper, murmuring to himself. The attack on the ship was on the first page, some officer interviewed (or blackmailed) that whoever did this “heinous act” will be killed. Charlie frowned at it, and threw away newspaper with discomfort. Newspaper was now showing the side which lists of wanted criminals and the bounty.
Tasha wanted to go to the fishing trip with Charlie, but Charlie was being pessimistic today for some reason, so Tasha brought up the new topic to cheer him up.
“Charlie, come on, let’s go fishing together, I want to learn how to catch it,” said Tasha.
“I’d love to, but I can’t Tasha, the soldiers came here yesterday,” sniffed Charlie. “They said to me that if I don’t keep enough profit, they will throw me into street!”
“Aww… Poor Charlie, come on, you need a break,” said Tasha, pitifully looking at Charlie.
“I’m… I’m afraid… I don’t want to be in the street no more,” said Charlie, with teary eyes.
“Well, still, maybe it’s for the better! Well, if you are thrown out in the street, you can live in my house!” exclaimed Tasha. Charlie laughed at this and looked at Tasha.
“Thank you, but your parent won’t like me to stay there,” said Charlie.
“Oh, you don’t know that, and they are not really married in a traditional sense… They just did it to make me and Jake feel like home. I mean, who knows?” said Tasha, wholeheartedly. Charlie smiled, his face became pink.
“Thanks Tasha, but I don’t want to be some burden to your house. Maybe I can go with you later, perhaps two weeks from now,” said Charlie.
“Aww… Charlie,” said Tasha, groaning.
“Look I promise, we will go to the trip in two weeks,” said Charlie, offering his pinky finger.
“Alright Charlie, I’m going to catch a whale!” Tasha shouted, and wrapped a pinky swear.
“Well good, good. Well, grab more candies over there, I want to pee,” Charlie stood up and moved toward the restroom. 
Tasha was sitting there, hearing the door shut. Tasha stood up and slowly went to the cash register. She reached for her wallet inside her pocket, took out some of cash and put it into the cash register box and closed it. Tasha smiled at the restroom.
“See you later Charlie,” she said, and went out.
It was almost a lunch time so she is walking home now. When she arrived on the doorstep, she wanted to hang out in the nearby pond for a while. She jumped over the muddy puddles to get to the small wooden bridge on the pond. The water was green and muddy. She saw little baby ducks swimming. She did the cat walk so she wouldn’t scare the little ducks, because they moved pretty fast on the water! She leaned against the fence and started counting the ducks.
“One… two… three… four…”said Tasha. The little yellow baby ducks peddled around with their mother, pink lotuses were on the water and buzzing flies formed a cloud.
“Tasha!” Jake shouted.
“Hi, dumbass,” said Tasha, playfully.
“I saw a scary man today,” said Jake, excited.
“You say that every day,” sneered Tasha.
“Well, this is different Tasha, look! He got tanned face with shabby clothes and had unshaved chin! And! And, his eyes were like a hawk!” shouted Jake.
“You saw some homeless person and you are scared?”said Tasha, scowling.
“No! This man is different!” Jake revolted.
“How?” said Tasha.
“Well, oh, never mind,” said Jake.
“Killing is not much of a surprise around here, you know that,” said Tasha.
“…” Jake didn’t answer, trembling a little.
“Ha! You scaredy cat, you haven’t changed a bit, Jake,” teased Tasha. Jake went pink, twitching his lips.
“Is not!” said Jake.
“Maybe since you are in that club, I thought maybe you’ve starting to show your bestial side,” said Tasha.
“…”
“If not,” smiled Tasha. “Then never mind.”
They watched the ducks for a while, quacking around.
“Alvin used to sing the song me, it is called ‘Arch and under,’” said Tasha, suddenly.
“Ok…” said Jake, half heartedly.
“And I would sing a verse and you can repeat,” said Tasha.
“No,” said Jake.
“And it goes like this,” said Tasha, ignoring him. ”Head all arch and feet duck under!”
“No,” Jake shook his head.
“Come on!” shouted Tasha.
“No,” said Jake.
“Urrrgh! Go my boys, and go like thunder!” shouted Tasha, standing on the edge of the bridge. “Duck and Dive, and Duck and dive, baby.”
Tasha grinned, and back flipped into the air, her arm spread and leg arched to the back and splashed into the water. Jake backed away to avoid the splatter. She rose to the surface, looking at Jake, giggling.
“Come on, let’s swim! Take a leap, Jake!” shouted Tasha, merrily.
“I ain’t getting in that poopy water,” grumbled Jake, his arm crossed.
“Oh?” said Tasha. She got out of the water, dropping water on the dry wood, and charged toward him.
“No Tasha NOOOOOO!” bellowed Jake, struggled but lost his posture. 
Like a slow motion Jake fell on the water on the other side of the wooden bridge. Tasha laughed and splashed the water at him and she swam away. Little ducks quacked and ran, Jake squealed with anger, spouting out the green muddy water and followed her.

Chapter 8
The Assassins’ Chamber

The Assassins’ Chamber was the network of assassins which shares the minimum information for convenience, but most of the assassins worked alone. James was still on the floor at Sharine’s office, shaking his refrigerated body. Sharine, the headmistress of the Assassins’ Chamber, entered her office and observed him. James looked up, clattering his teeth.
“Huh, what does Nina Polchinski want from me?” asked Sharine, her left arm on her hip, enjoying the view of James in his awkward and helpless posture.
“We want to take out some person in the cargo ship named the Lady in the Water leaving Idalian dock, a week from now,” said James.
“What a shit name for the ship,” said Sharine. “Are you sure it is not on the water?”
“… We will hand over the details of the personnel whom you will be working with. And they will inform you about the detailed description of the mission, the main objective is mainly to observe what is going to happen,” said James.
“I work alone baby,” said Sharine, smiling.
“No, you need to join our squad… our offer is that we will give five thousand ora,” James grunted, still cuffed on the pillar, struggling.
“Ok then, double it,” demanded Sharine, playfully.
“It is not my authority to…” James mumbled.
“Take it or leave it, plumber,” Sharine sneered. James, coughing and teeth clattering due to the low temperature in his body, glared at Sharine.
“… Alright, I’ll contact the base,” answered James.
“Or, maybe if I can talk to Nina, I’ll lower the price,” she suggested, her eyes beamed dangerously. James felt a shiver on his back.
“There’s no need, we will double the money,” spoke James, coldly as possible. Sharine was smiling. There was no greed in her eyes; it was more of a pure enjoyment of some kind.
“What a shit place this is, don’t you agree?” said Sharine, taking out the key.
“…” James didn’t know what to say, he gulped as she walked toward her, she was insanely beautiful.
“Let’s get out, baby. You need to work out a little bit.” Sharine smiled, and unlocking the cuff.
“I prefer to speak business here,” muttered James; his skin is almost blue now.
“Little shy one I see, don’t want to be seen by others? That’s good, but let me tell you something really important, plumber. I choose my client, whether you like it or not,” said Sharine with a ridiculous confidence.
“But I said we’ll double the…” muttered James.
“Baby, if your life is on a string, money is more like a paper. And you can’t spend the money with the hole on your head, can you?” scoffed Sharine. “So, buy me a dinner at a nice restaurant. I could use some wine… Today was such a shitty day for me. After that, I’ll tell you whether I like to go along with your petty trip,” Sharine winked at James, still smiling.
“All… All right. Where do you want to go?” stuttered James, sensing his heart is beating faster, he cleared his throat.
“I know the right place,” she said. “And you can’t dress like that,” said Sharine, looking James in his underwear.
James gulped, couldn’t quite conceive in his mind that she was the one who kills Veron’s men without hesitation. James wore a tuxedo, which she handed to him, and she still was in her blue dress.  
They got into the car; she was in the passenger seat, directed him to go right and left. Few minutes later, she finally said stop. James looked up. It was the dining place where the high ranked military generals have dinners.
‘Is this woman nuts?’ James thought to himself.
They got out of the car and she showed them her names and identification and threw some big tips along with it. They both entered the restaurant.
They sat down and ordered the wine while looking at the menu. James was wearing a tuxedo, it was little smaller than his size; it was hard to move his arm and his hip was about to burst. 
Sharine was looking at him, enjoying this situation, and took a sip of the wine and smiled. James saw under a bright light, that there were some blood spatters on the side of her dress, although it was hardly visible.
“Nice dress,” said James, gulping wine like water, as he was dehydrated.
“Nice Tux,” smiled Sharine, looking at him struggling to move.
“Did you go to some cocktail party before you picked me?” asked James.
“Yes, actually, I did, unfortunately I had to work in the back stage,” said Sharine. “Enjoyed the lodgings at my place?”
“Yes, it was a pleasure.” said James. Sharine laughed softly, taking another sip at wine.
The waiter came and handed out the appetizer, baked mango with curry powder and cream. It looked delicious, Sharine forked piece of mango, and put it in her mouth. James ordered the steak and Sharine ordered the salad. 
“So, how may I address you Mr.?” asked Sharine.
“Wichmann, but call me James,” answered James.
“Alright, James,” Sharine grinned.
They talked for a while, casually without speaking business, and the waiter came and handed them the steak sprinkled with parsley and the Caesar salad. Because James had days and days of rustic bread as a diet, when working as an undercover agent, his jaw dropped at the sight of the food. He was already drooling from his mouth.
“What? Were you not eaten well as a child?” said Sharine, staring at him pitifully as if she is looking at the poor dog in rain. James realized that he was staring at the food for too long, he cleared his throat and sipped the wine. Sharine poked the lettuce, which made a crunching sound and started eating. James took the big chunk of the steak and crammed it into his mouth.
“So, what brings you to the top of the chain, James?” questioned Sharine.
“Orders,” snapped James.
“Yes, I’ve noticed. Loyal dog huh? Jump the loop and getting the treat. What a boring way to live,” said Sharine, sipping wine again.
“We work as a group, like you do,” said James.
“Nope, you got it wrong. Only outsiders call us the Assassins’ Chamber, the fact is that we hardly see each other, we work alone. Only the limited information is being shared for our mutual benefits,” said Sharine.
“So, you guys are just killers shooting at people?” said James, discomforted.
“If you don’t know how this country operates, you just define whatever you feel like concerning us. But let me tell you the truth, baby, we are not the group of interest, we are the string of pendulum that runs this wretched soil,” said Sharine.
“Justifying yourself huh?” said James.
“Maybe,” smiled Sharine.
“The plan is set. If you want to play this, play the part, Ms. Pestice,” said James, sharply.
“As you are in the field, I thought you already know that planning doesn’t worth anything,” said Sharine.
“Nonetheless, we do it anyway,” said James.
“Why? It is best to read what is given at hand.” said Sharine, as if she is playing a game.
“At least we have to know which way is up!” shouted James. But as his voice was too loud, and some people stared at them, he lowered his stature and continued to eat.
“Oh, they do know which way is up, James, you just have to pick a right person,” said Sharine.
“… I don’t understand,” said James, in a low, gurgling voice. Sharine forked the salad and bit it; there was a fresh crisping sound.
“Too much disruption causes fear, especially when it expects the loss; they will then look for the stableness. But too much stableness causes boredom, and then they will look for the disruption,” said Sharine, charmingly.
“…” James cut the big chunk of steak, carefully looking at Sharine.
“And when people are in group, that is all they do, James, but if you deal with individuals, it is quite different; that is why, dealing with an individual is such a pain in the ass,” said Sharine, chewing her steak.
“I’m bit puzzled,” said James, biting the steak.
“Is it?” said Sharine, shrewdly smiling at James. James stayed in silence.
“My point is this, unless I see Nina Polchinski and talk to her, I will not work as a dog. If this is a case, it is better for me and you to work separately,” Sharine poured the wine into her glass.
James stared at her for a moment and then nodded. James was bit distracted but at the same time pitied her. He didn’t know the reason why, maybe it is her tone of voice, her extremely practical behavior, or the fact that this beautiful woman entered the vicious world of assassins. What he knew was that it was something similar to what he feels whenever he talked to Nina.
“… You are born here?” asked James, mouth full of meat.
“Yes,” answered Sharine.
“Was it…” said James, but Sharine stopped him.
“Come on, talking about my past will make you cry like a little girl,” said Sharine.
“…” James blinked and chewed his meat in silence.
Sharine snorted, looking at James where little shadows on his face.
“You are a good man, plumber.” Sharine smiled, and took a last piece from her plate.
“…” James stared at this beautiful woman in front of him, who looked rather mysterious; he found himself being obsessed with her charm.
“Cheers?” she said, holding up her glass. James glimpsed at her smile. They touched the glass, and drank the wine.

Chapter 9
The Mute Girl

Veron Komer, the dictator in Cassandra was frustrated because he was infatuated with a pretty girl in the town, but she didn’t pay attention to him. He made her one of his concubines to pour a drink and making her to feed him. Her name is Melady Thompson; she is a mute girl with big blue eyes. She had a long hair, covering her entire back. She is much taller than Veron, looked like as if she works at the model agency. Veron forbid her to wear high heels because he thought it was offensive.
It was by accident that Veron found her. At the time, Melady’s father ran the small restaurant, he cooked with his wife. Melady helped her parents by greeting customers and sometimes made jams out of wild berries she got from the forest. Mr. Thompson was overprotective of Melady because she was mute, often made Melady angry because her father treated her like a baby. In her childhood, her mother taught her the gestures for her to communicate. As Melady grew up to be a pretty young lady, the restaurant soon packed with young male population, creating the rough and loud atmosphere. Time to time, the soldiers came and harassed the Melady. Mr. Thompson always put out the shotgun and stood at the counter with a bottle of whiskey on the other hand. Mrs. Thompson served the soldiers while Melady cooked inside. 
One day Veron’s wife, Valentine, asked him to take a break and visit the restaurant that was popular among the people, which Veron refused for months but he eventually gave up. And then, Veron saw the restaurant packed with the young males, and in there, he saw Melady. Valentine regretted bitterly of suggesting going there, because Veron ordered the soldiers to take Melady into his chamber. Melady refused violently so the soldiers start beating her up, Mr. Thompson, filled with rage, blew one of the soldier’s head during the conflict. So, the soldiers took the whole Thomson family for a trial, and Veron offered the deal to give up Melady and if Mr. Thomson does so, he won’t prosecute anyone in his family. Melady accepted the offer and urged her father to accept it too. So, Melady ended up in Veron’s chamber.
When Veron and Melady walked together, it looked like Helen of Troy and the retarded troll from a dungeon. No wonder, Melady hated him. She viewed him as some annoying thing who points gun at her to move her here and there. It always seemed like she is suppressing her anger to punch him right in his face, but he had her family, so Melady didn’t have any choice but to do whatever Veron said. Veron, who was crazy about Melady, gave the Thompson family a nice treatment, by giving them money and nice mansion to live to earn some favor from her, but it didn’t go well. It only made Melady miss her parents, the restaurant and the customers who always cheered her up. Veron’s wife, Valentine, was worried about Veron, was angry but too afraid even to tell anyone, so she just cried alone.
Slade Titto, the consultant and the advisor concerning political and military operations under Veron, was frustrated about Veron not paying attention to the ruling of Cassandra, because he was worried about Nina Polchinski. Titto was a talented schemer, the main backdoor figure which enabled Veron to sit on his throne. He successfully made Cassandra free from foreign invasion by fulfilling the role of the ‘necessary evil,’ maintained peace with continued diplomatic solution amongst other strong foreign nation. 
Veron did whatever he wanted, and it was none of foreigners' concern what was going on inside the border. Before Veron became a dictator, there was a chaotic conflict and wars in the country. Titto suggested using drugs, such as methamphetamine and cocaine, to break the conflicts because it enables Veron to control people easily. With a right amount and timing, it was useful tool to bribe and enslave people. If there are some who resist against him, he used a brutal military force and quite efficiently sanitized anyone who opposed. 
Titto once told Veron about the ‘The Tale of Puppeteer,’ because he seemed to be not listening and mad about Melady that she doesn’t appreciates how generous and noble he is. So, when Titto just talked about data and figures, Veron didn’t listen and got out in the middle of the conference and next moment his wife came and cried about her husband is a bad husband. Titto got irritated and angry. He always went to clinic once a month for a high blood pressure and warned about the possible danger of having a stroke, possible prostate cancer and a kidney failure. ‘I’m too young to die on this…” he murmured to the nurse working there. Titto attempted make it like a fun story but ended up just crumpling the paper and throwing on the wall. He taught Veron as if he is dealing with a spoiled kid. Titto was afraid of Nina because her action was based on the liberty of the individual, which could destroy their whole regime. Titto stood up, glanced at Veron who was sitting on a chair, looking up to him dully.
“It is like a dog and a trainer. A puppeteer uses basic needs of puppets such as food, water, or its offspring as a reward, and longer labor hours, group punishment of the peers and lack or deficit of these basic needs as a punishment. So a puppeteer can play with puppets,” said Titto, slowly and gently as possible.
“Can I make Melady a puppet, Titto?” said Veron, with his small eyes, blinking.
“Well, yes, first you have to listen and understand this,” said Titto, hard pressing his teeth. Veron’s eyes reflected a slight interest, Titto was little relieved, and he sighed and continued.
“A puppeteer’s job is to make up some irrationally long memorization on names of the officers and unnecessary protocols, and precise timing of work and report to check the loyalty, and of course a puppeteer checks loyalty by make them sing the songs of you and the grand writings of the ideology they need to master on recitation. The point is do not question the authority and obey,” said Titto.
“Do you think Melady likes me?” said Veron.
“Of course she loves you, you just don’t know it yet,” said Titto, tried very hard to not sound like sarcasm. Veron laughed like a fool and Titto continued.
“A puppeteer has to come up with more details and the harder demand in order for puppets not to think about the ‘other’ stuff. And gives the food in precise manner and throws out the bonus occasionally and educate puppets,” parroted Titto.
“Yes yes, I know this! They are like bunch of uneducated dogs!” Veron exclaimed.
“Yes, yes your highness, you’ve got it right, as you have realized, this is the most basic form of carnal desire. They are using repression and release to make them fit in to a certain box to either earn a reward or be punished. If the repression is long enough, they can manage the cycle to go on without getting bigger,” said Titto.
“Excellent, Titto!” Veron shouted, complementing Titto just to make him flattered so he could end his lecture quickly.
“Thank you your highness,” said Titto, awkwardly.
“Yes yes! I’m now getting stronger, good to have a hard working person like you!” said Veron, like a stubborn bully, he punched Titto’s arm and started laughing. Titto frowned, rubbing his arm, made a fake smile as if he received a candy. He cleared his throat so Veron wouldn’t sense the anger in his voice.
“So, the result is, puppets become highly efficient in remembering the detail, execute the protocols and obey orders, and learn to tremble like a shitless little kid,” Titto glanced at Veron as if he was referring to him and continued. “…to even fear the slight threat of the puppeteer. If this is complete, they are institutionalized, so they can be used like a machine part and used to surveillance others. So, as the ranking goes up, they think they deserve that position so they torment whoever is under him. This is the basic framework of how the security system of puppeteer works. Puppets are designed to wake up, eat, work, rest and sleep, in a precise manner like a ticking hand of the clock. They obey the functions that are given by you.”
Veron yawned; he didn’t seem to be listening, tapping pen against his thigh, shaking his leg intensely. Titto’s anger is building up; he gripped his fist tight to suppress the anger. Titto sighed and said. “This is it for today, your Excellency.”
Veron hurrahed and jumped out of the room, slam the door. And a moment later, like some routine, his wife, Valentine, came in.
“My lady,” Titto bowed.
“How is he, consultant?” questioned Valentine, with a worrisome voice.
“He’s doing fine ma’am, no need to worry,” said Titto, feeling like a baby sitter. She sighed, and put her hand on her forehead. She was suffering from a severe headache.
“How is the situation regarding Nina Polchinski?” asked Valentine.
“The situation, ma’am, is under control, although Nina Polchinski, I fear that she knows our system too well” said Titto in a bitter tone.
“How well, consultant?” said Valentine, demanding.
“I can’t say for sure but she retrieves many data from us and exactly knows how to use it to negotiate with us,” Titto replied. “She justifies the use of the information to take out many rebels in rural regions. Although useful, it is dangerous if we let her growing.”
“Can’t we stop her? By removing or deporting her?” Valentine groaned in agony.
“No ma’am, she is on the top of our head. I’m afraid she knows also every aspects of this country as if she striped down our system; this means that she knows the central commanding bodies, treaties with foreign nations, imports and exports goods, energy supply, manufacturing facilities, logistics, reserves, escape routes, secondary protocols, distribution network, removal procedures, mobility, security, military forces and other miscellaneous details,” said Titto.
The Valentine looked as if she received a jail sentence.
“But there has to be something we can do, Titto, I mean Nina’s army isn’t that strong, I’ve heard from our intelligence officers,” said she, with an irksome voice.
“With a fire power and figures, no, although the cloaking technology she use is going to be cumbersome to deal with. But we still can remove Nina Polchinski if we want to. But if we take her out now, the country will be back to the chaotic age as before. Because not only she controls the significant portion of economy in Cassandra, she knows too well about the personnel who are aiming for the Emperor’s throne. It’s not the time to declare a full scale war to extract Nina out. We still need Nina in our game. It is too risky,” said Titto.
Valentine had a dark shadows on her face, as if she is remembering a terrible turmoil in the time of unsettling conflicts in the past. Titto looked at her, little relieved that he was not the only one who is concerned about this matter.
“The only thing that she does not aware of is the political structure and the headquarters of main figures under Emperor’s regime, which lurks inside the country. The lists have to be hidden; we’re doing everything we can to prepare for the alternate successor of the command, so we can swift the power fast enough that Nina couldn’t get to it. Then, we can command firmly in any situation. At the same time, we’ll send the agents to eliminate Nina Polchinski,” said Titto, little embarrassed about the limit to his ability that he could only make a defensive move.
“Should we contact the Assassins’ Chamber instead?” suggested Valentine.
“I don’t think it is quite efficient as our agents, are you afraid about the information leaks which might give advantage to Nina?” asked Titto.
“I’m confident about our agents keeping secret, and I do suspect Nina anticipated our move to contact the Assassins’ Chamber. But I do think we should move cautiously, bolstering defense and maintain public relation, using an assassin is better than getting our hand dirty,” said Valentine with a firm voice. Titto thought about this for a moment, there was a little excitement reflected in his eyes.
“Wise decision my lady. I’ll contact the Assassins’ Chamber,” said Titto.

Chapter 10
The Fable

Alvin Caravel was reading a story he wrote to Diana, they were having a juice she made from the bearberries she got from the forest.
Caravel acted partly as a military instructor while he was under Nina’s command as he was leading paratroopers. But studying the tactics all day was a monotonous and exhausting business. It was always the repetition of plan and execute. Because of this, Alvin formed a strange obsession toward the literature, recently after he got out of Nina’s command. When he heard that his school was having a play, he got excited and started writing for himself, although it didn’t quite work out. So Diana came along and helped him.
“It was built centuries ago by a fallen king. Afar from the castle, deep inside the forest, marked by a little tombstone, it was used for storage to keep secrets. It was handed down since the birth of the nation, until the king met a woman named Ginger. Bewitched by a haunting beauty of the woman, the king had an affair with her. And guess what? He used this archive to hide her from the queen’s rage. It was a perfect place for his secret love. And the woman bore a baby. This child, the secret child who was to be hidden from this world, well, more of a jealously from the queen, is raised right in this very place, in the underground archive,” said Alvin, looking at the piece of paper scribbled with his rough handwriting.
“You shouldn’t name her Ginger,” said Diana. 
“What are you talking about? Of course I can,” said Alvin. 
“No, it is a same name as the prostitute down back in the alley,” said Diana.
“Seems like you went there for a routine visit, is that what you are, a girl with a naughty little secret?” teased Alvin. Diana blushed, heated up.
“No! No! I did not! You filthy bastard!” shouted Diana.
“Look, Ginger is perfectly good name, and who cares about she’s a whore or not?” said Alvin.
“You… you! It’s children! For the school play!” shouted Diana.
“Well, Diana, we shouldn’t judge what others do for living. Can’t we just love one another without pointless hostility?” Alvin smiled playfully, his eyes beaming at her. Diana’s face was rose red, but was stuck on what she would say back.
“I think Juliet is more suitable for a school play,” she smiled.
“Oh that is nonsense. That is just stupid. Did you play Romeo and Juliet in your school? Because I hate, and hate that stupid story,” objected Alvin.
“Why not? It’s a perfectly charming story, ahh, Romeo,” said Diana with admiration.
“Yeah, I can’t remember was she sixteen? And she destroyed two well founded rich families, killed the man and killed herself afterwards. With all due respect, I want her as my bodyguard,” said Alvin.
“Shut up! You are ruining everything!” Diana screamed.
The footstep was heard and there was a little boy came toward them. They both stopped talking and looked, it was Jake.
“Jake! Did you do your chores?” shouted Diana.
“Did you do your homework, Jake?” said Alvin.
Jake slowly nodded and walked back the way he came. They heard his whispering, ‘I will…’ like some dying echo in the hallway.
Suddenly loud footsteps were heard, it was Tasha, running across the hallway almost bumped into Jake but stopped abruptly before Alvin and Diana.
“Tasha did you…” said Diana but Tasha ignored her and shouted.
“Diana! The festival is in town! All the vendors are in town! Oh I love that elk meat sandwich from Mr… Aww… I forgot his name again. And, and the cotton candy and other candy Charlie made! And I’ve heard they brought ponies! They brought PONIES! So, can I go?” Tasha bellowed.
“No, festival opens tomorrow too; it is open for three days! I told you we will take you and Jake and have a nice time together,” said Diana.
“Diana…. Pleeeeeeeaasseee?” Tasha begged.
“No honey. No is no.” snapped Diana.
“Aww… man…” Tasha let her shoulder down and walked away. Alvin laughed on the chair.
“Go on Tasha. Diana and I will go tomorrow; you guys should watch our house for us ok?” said Alvin. Tasha ran toward Alvin, and kissed him on his cheek and jumped to get away before Diana says anything.
“Alvin! You know how dangerous for them to be out there by themselves!” Diana shouted.
“Oh, they are pretty strong, my dear. They are not made up of a glass, you see. They have endured much already. I’m sure they know how to handle themselves,” Alvin drank the last drop in the cup and held up his scratch paper.
“But, they might still be in danger, those men, they might seek revenge!” said Diana.
“Yes, but making them stay here won’t help a bit,” said Alvin, gently. “Soon or later my dear, they will have to get out in this world. You want them to be happy don’t you?”
“Of course I do,” muttered Diana.
“I want them to be strong,” said Alvin, winking at her. “You know, they have become much brighter than when they first arrived here.”
Diana coughed softly and sniffed.
“Yes, you are right,” said Diana, feeling a little better.
“Ok, let me read you the other part of the play, when the king is haunted by the vampires,” said Alvin, looking at the paper on the table.
“Vampires?” Diana murmured.
“Yes, they want the child,” said Alvin.
“Is this in the middle of the play?” said Diana.
“Probably, haven’t figured that out yet,” Alvin sipped the coffee. He raised few papers around and found the sheet he was looking for.
“In the darkest hour of the night, playful young ladies appear under the moonlight, their vampiric beauty haunts the soldiers, yet the strange charm triggers the lustful desire. Seems like the wicked fiend casted a deadly spell. Forming that bluish, ghastly shadow those fragile bodies drifted along the street. HIDE if you do see that bluish shadow, and SHH… don’t make a sound. The land will taste blood. Crows will have a feast, all under that silvery zeal.”
“… That’s…” murmured Diana.
“Good, isn’t it honey?” Alvin smiled, standing up. “And if you don’t mind, I’m going to take a walk and meet those charming ladies.”
Alvin walked toward the door, tapping Diana’s shoulder on the way. Diana snorted and smiled.

Chapter 11
The Mutual Benefit

Captain Stein was waiting for James to call back with the news regarding the assassin, grumbling that James is lingering his mission and they are running short on time. He suggested to Nina several time that Captain James is not fit for a job. Nina just giggled, holding her cookie jar. She knew Stein wasn’t fond of James because Nina just nominated James to become a Captain for convenience, when James was only a field agent. 
As James was stripped down to his underwear when he contacted Sharine, and the bug was in his clothes, the people in the base had no idea what James was doing. All they got was the message that James was currently in the Sharine’s office, so that they could rescue him later when things go wrong. But instead James had the lovely dinner with the charming assassin. James contacted the base by the payphone booth on the street. They’ve arranged the meeting after two hours from then. Stein went up to Nina and later drove her to the deserted parking lot in the old abandoned building.
The moon was covered with cloud. The grey building stood in the cold lonely street; it was full of ruptures and its skeleton sticking out to the surface. There were several blood marks on the wall, along with the bullet holes, drug pills were scattered on the ground. It was the meeting ground; there they met, stood against each other on the dusty ground.
“So, this is famous Sharine Pestice,” said Nina Polchinski. Captain Stein stood motionlessly behind her, sharply gazing at James and Sharine.
“And you are that legend. I’ve heard Veron is shit scared of,” said Sharine, still in her blue velvet dress, pistol strapped on her thigh.
“No need to flatter Ms. Pestice. I’m sure you are one of his watch lists like me,” Nina chortled. 
“Yeah, this plumber here told me about your little mission. Trying to find out what attacked the trafficker’s vessel carrying bunch of slaves. Well, I guess you are too afraid to find out what is lurking inside the sea so you contacted me to become your body guard?” said Sharine, with an arrogant tone. Stein frowned at her from behind.
“With all due respect Ms. Pestice, you are the one who refused to accept our offer of providing our valuable agents. And why is it that you are trying to act like our last resolution if that is the case?” said Nina, plainly. Sharine clenched her teeth.
“If that is the case, why don’t you do it yourself, lady?” growled Sharine.
“It is our business offer, Ms. Pestice, but I have a feeling that you and your chamber already know what lurks behind this attack,” said Nina, her eyes glittered dangerously.
“… I guess you are young enough to believe in the ghost story,” said Sharine, her eyes narrowed. Nina scoffed.
“I don’t know Ms. Pestice, were we ever a child?” Nina smiled shrewdly. 
Sharine started laughing hard. She lightened her cigarette, chuckling, stared at Nina.
“I think… I like you, Ms. Polchinski. You have my respect,” said Sharine.
“Good Ms. Pestice, now with all due respect, I suggest you go along with my agents. Mission is set a week from now, the same trafficking company contacted one of my undercover division, who pretends to be one of the mercenaries in this country. For the protection of the vessel, they offered huge sums of money. Now my agents will disguise as mercenaries to slip inside their vessel,” said Nina, her face softened, but spoke firmly.
“How many are in total?” asked Sharine. 
“Twenty, fully armed,” replied Nina.
“So, I am acting as a proof, which they will think that your agents are indeed from the Assassins’ Chamber. So, if they see me, then they won’t bitch about further investigation of your agents’ background?” said Sharine, breathing deeply into her cigarette, its tail glowed in the dark.
“Impressive, Ms. Pestice. Yes, indeed that is true,” smiled Nina.
“Time and location,” snapped Sharine.
“Idalian dock, 21.30, this very day next week,” said Nina.
“Roger that, Ms. Polchinski, please to meet you.” Sharine offered her hand. Nina shook her hand with a firm grip. Sharine scoffed and then walked away.
She walked toward the exit, tapping James’s shoulder on the way, smiling.
“Come along if you can, on that trip, plumber,” Sharine winked at James charmingly and went out. James looked as if his heart stopped for a moment. Nina was staring at him, shaking her head, looking at his dumb expression on his face. James coughed, clearing his throat.
“Uhh umm... splendid work, admiral,” muttered James, blushing.
“Yes, you too Captain,” Nina smiled. “See? I was sure that Captain James would do a good job.” Nina poked Stein with her elbow.
They went to the car and James drove. Nina sighed in relief, took out the lollipop putting in her mouth.
“She is beautiful Captain, I can understand why you like her,” said Nina, started giggling at James. Captain Stein stared at James with low growling.
“No, No! Admiral, I don’t have any relation that might affect the operation,” said James, his face becoming red again.
“Captain James, behave yourself, you are not a little kid anymore! And is that the alcohol that I smelling from your breath?” said Stein.
“Yes… Captain Stein, I’m apologize.” said James, sighing.
Captain Stein went on and on about the rules and discipline the agents has to have, James drove away, just nodding and agreeing the remarks Captain Stein made. Nina seemed not caring. She was just rolling her lollipop inside her mouth and staring out the window to see the city light. It started raining gently, pouring down on the car window, James turn on the wiper.
“Admiral,” said James.
“Yes, captain?” said Nina, cheerfully, unwrapping another lollipop.
“What was in that ship?” asked James.
Nina leaned back on the chair, enjoying the sweetness of strawberry flavor spreading inside her mouth.
“I don’t have an exact answer, Captain; I just hope I’m wrong. It is not conclusive. That is why we are doing this operation,” Nina popped the lollipop and started playing with it with her tongue.
“Yes, admiral,” said James.
“Soon, it will reveal itself. Oww…” Nina put out her tongue painfully; she bit her tongue.

Chapter 12
The Blood Thirsty Men

Brody who was in charge of the group scoffed when Herbie and other mercenaries entered their office. They listened intently when Herbie told them about the mail, that Alvin Caravel left the command of Nina Polchinski. It turns out that they had a grudge against Alvin after a strange, random encounter they had with Alvin few years ago. At the time, Alvin killed two of his men in a broad daylight. Herbie thought about framing Alvin with the recent attack toward the traffickers but felt no need to do so.
They talked for a while and Brody started laughing when Herbie suggested going for Alvin Caravel’s neck.
“You mercenaries are always right in the border of the good and evil, and I think you are the evil one,” Brody sniggered.
“Shut it, Brody, it’s just business,” said Herbie.
“It’s a business alright,” said Brody, and laughed. “Where is your friend? I thought you guys always like to tag along with each other.”
“... Robert is busy,” said Herbie.
“Well, we will take a good care of you, my friend. I’m feeling so good tonight that I’m feeling generous. We will offer you the forty percent of our profit regarding Caravel’s bounty.”
Herbie was surprised. He never thought that they will demand forty in the first offer.
“Forty five,” snarled Herbie.
“Alright, deal,” said Brody, his yellow teeth grinning. “Good good, we need more mercenaries in our world. Don’t we, my friends?” The other traffickers burst into laughter. 
Herbie felt the sweat drenching from his forehead and disgusted at their laughter. His hand was on the pistol the whole time, but the traffickers didn’t care. They knew Herbie came here for the business, and he wouldn’t do anything stupid. They were packing up and were ready to leave. About thirty men, fully armed, went out the door.
“So, tell us about your network of yours, mercenary,” said Brody.
“Same old gruesome shit, except they’ve lost their guts from doing business,” said Herbie.
“I see… they are afraid of losing power, eh?” Brody sniggered.
“Be careful, we can destroy you, you low lives,” sneered Herbie.
“Yes, of course, but only if we are against the profit,” said Brody and other traffickers laughed. “Now let us do the revenge on this lone wolf, and then you’ll get what you want.”
Herbie felt as if he is breathing hazardous venom. Discomforted, his heart pounded fast. However, he wanted to be successful in deal so, he kept reassuring himself that he can do this.
It was pouring outside, the thunder growled, Tasha and Jake were running outside in the morning but later they came back, completely soaked. Diana saw them dripping all over the living room like a wet dog running around in the house. She screamed and ordered them to take a shower. Alvin was at home as he used a vacation which he insisted that it was crucial for the school to have it. The principal nonetheless approved his proposal because he was afraid of Alvin. 
Alvin was reading book at the fireplace, warming himself. He heard the yelling and laughter inside the house. Alvin stood up, set up an old chalkboard on the corner of the living room. And start writing down the figures.
“What’re you doing Alvin?” Tasha peeked, towel around her head, still dripping water.
“Oh, work,” grinned Alvin.
“What kind of work?” asked Tasha.
“Being responsible for your future,” said Alvin, drawing the table.
“Aww… Caravel you really don’t have to,” said Tasha. 
“Did you do your homework?” said Alvin.
“Ohh… yes, of course I did,” replied Tasha.
“Bring it with you and bring Jake also,” his eyes beamed, raising his eyebrows.
“Ohh… Ok…” Tasha scratched her head, thinking of running away.
“You don’t have to go outside, it is raining,” Alvin smiled, as if he read her mind.
Diana brought hot coco and some cookies she baked. Jake was blowing hot cocoa at the table. Tasha was warming herself against the fire, munching cookies. Alvin, glanced through Tasha’s answers on the math problem set, and said, 
“Tasha, do the number four, six, seven and eight.” Alvin handed the sheet back to Tasha. “And nine and ten.” 
Alvin grinned playfully. Tasha put out her mouth, grumbling.
“Here you go Jake, nice work.” Alvin gave out the paper, Jake grinned. Tasha made a balloon with her mouth.
“But today, my dear children, I’ll teach you about building strategies, how to play games with people. Which I think it is necessary topic, especially as you live in this dumb country, although Diana tends to think otherwise,” said Alvin. Jake beamed.
“Ok children, understanding a strategy requires so called equilibrium, the state where no one wants to move. And to achieve equilibrium, you have to know what they can do, how they think and what do they assume,” Alvin stopped for a moment and continued “… that is, if I remember it correctly… And if you do that in every fraction of seconds, then you are able to govern the dynamics of the game. In this world, threatening hardly works; if you threaten someone to act otherwise they won’t listen and will find loopholes to throw the shit back at you, although sometimes it is necessary when doing business. But for now let’s just briefly learn about the state where they cannot cooperate. This is called a Prisoner’s Dilemma.”
Jake and Tasha was feeling cozy atmosphere of fire place, Alvin goes on and on explaining about the Prisoner’s Dilemma. Basically he was saying people will not cooperate if they can cheat because they are afraid that others might cheat. If the well founded trust is damaged, the consequence will be devastating. Caravel looked at Tasha who was feeling drowsy against the cozy fire. 
“But in the real world children, when you do scheme, which I do not recommend, this is not how the strategy will play out. Because not only we do not know what is going on around us, it is because the uncertainty is more than mere probability. But let me tell you, the mind deceives, but the heart is real,” said Alvin, writing the phrase at the blackboard, and continued “for the most of the time it is the only thing that matters. So, what did I say?” Alvin gestured at the blackboard and did his bowel movement in silence.
“The mind deceives, but the heart is real,” the children said.
“Good Job! So, be creative, my children, and have fun, because that is the whole point,” grinned Alvin.
Suddenly his alarm clock suddenly went off, coming from the end of the living room. Alvin’s face got rigid and his eyes became harsh.
“Now now… let’s take a break here, all right children?” said Alvin and went to the kitchen. Diana was wearing a blue skirt and light purple blouse. She was stirring a soup, 
“Nice smell,” said Alvin.
“Oh yes! It is a chicken noodle soup and…” said Diana but Alvin interrupted her
“Sounds great, honey.” Alvin smiled, hugging Diana lightly and went out the kitchen toward the living room. Diana was surprised at Alvin’s hug, blushed lightly and kept stirring, humming. Alvin went toward the front door, closing a door behind him. Thirty men was waiting to him, fully armed, waiting in the living room. They leered at him with a beast-like look, the rain dripped from their clothes.
“Oh… you broke into my house without being killed.” said “Congratulations,” grinned Alvin.
“Hello Caravel, such a nice toy you’ve got,” said one of the traffickers, showing a wire for the booby trap in his hand.
“Oh, and there is my good old friend Brody, didn’t know you were alive. I think I shot you when you tried to run away from me?” said Alvin, looking at Brody curling his lips.
“Shut it Caravel,” sneered Brody.
“Good old days, gentleman, I’m guessing this is a long held grudge?” said Alvin, walked toward his rocking chair near the fireplace, sitting down.
“No, Alvin, nothing personal here, we decided to become civilized, and talk business,” Brody chuckled tapping Herbie’s shoulder; he was sweating, eager to get out of this place as quickly as possible. He seemed to be even afraid of the grandfather’s clock in the corner and the yellow vase on the table.
“What a shame, what a shame, a deadly strategic mind and the skills desired by all warlords, goes to the orphans and takes care of them,” said one of the traffickers who was standing next to Brody.
“Have we met before, you faggot?” sneered Alvin.
“Why you little…” said the trafficker, raising his gun, but Brody stopped him, looking at him harshly.
“Now listen, we want you to sell few of your children and bargain for your life,” said Brody, with a threatening voice.
“Isn’t it me that you want?” said Alvin, leaning against the chair.
“We could use some extra, but that is not the reason we are here. And we know you hide people well,” Brody took out the cigarette and lightened it. Alvin looked at Brody with a confused look.
Brody wasn’t interested in taking Alvin alone. Considering the bounty they put on for Alvin’s neck, he thought he will make a fortune if he captures Nina. He knew that the only reason they didn’t put out the bounty was because they were afraid of her. Alvin’s face got darkened. Brody looked at him through the smoke he fumed out.
“And we are talking about huge sum of money, you have pissed off Veron pretty well, he put out the bounty, everyone in the city is looking for you. So here’s how it goes. We can kill you right now and send your family to Veron,” said Brody and others sniggered and laughed. “Or, you give Nina’s location.” 
Herbie’s face got little distorted, staring at Brody, protesting that he does not wish to go that far, but Brody ignored him.
“I guess somehow the letter got intercepted,” said Alvin, smiling gently. “What a shame, I’m guessing Nina nevertheless got the letter to make sure your business goes smoothly?”
“Yes, and oh, that mailman is probably in a dumpster truck now. Although we are not sure who sent it, which you will tell us soon. The letter was examined in the forensic department in a Mercenaries Network and this guy here,” said Brody, tapping Herbie’s shoulder. “Found the phrase which indicates that you are working as Nina’s spy… what was that phrase on the bottom, mercenary?”
“Umm, yes, it was, they see because they do not see,” Herbie hesitated but said nevertheless. Other mercenaries were just standing there, anxiously gulping their saliva.
“Well, quite an imagination, Brody, do really think this is kind of code?” said Alvin, laughing at him. 
The Brody blushed and started threatening. “Hey you crap, we did not touch you before because your tie with that mad bitch Nina. But let me remind you that our business has demand, and the profit is enormous, Nina has to submit to us or we will…”
Alvin reached for the string on the back of the chair, and there was a little clicking sound. The bullets came down like a rain, from the machine gun strapped on the ceiling. All men collapsed and shredded into pieces as if they were being grinded. Alvin let go of the string and it stopped.
“Your confidence is your enemy my friends,” Alvin stood up and went up to Brody taking out one of his cigarette and lightened it.
“…What a mess,” he mumbled, breathing in the smoke and calmed down, grumbling about the nasty red fluids on the floor. Alvin sighed, horrified about what Diana might react, she will complain for months with this. Alvin sensed something from the door. Tasha and Jake were peeking to see what was going on.
“Oh…” Alvin looked at them and threw his cigarette on the floor and rubbing it on the floor.
“Smoking is bad for you my children,” he said, awkwardly.
“Now now, don’t look at this, close your eyes,” he said, softly. Alvin heard the light footstep. “Jake! Tasha! Where are you? What was that sound!”
Alvin groaned, as if some annoying parrot is flying towards him. He pushed them out, away from the living room.
“Hi there Diana,” grinned Alvin.
“Jake! Tasha! Alvin, I heard a terrible noise. What was the…” muttered Diana, blinking her big eyes. She gazed at them and the awkward stance of Alvin. She gathered the children to her bosom.
“So, dinner’s ready, huh? Oh oh, no, don’t look in there,” murmured Alvin, holding Diana gently when she tried to go to living room.
“But I have to get some apple for a dessert,” said Diana.
“Oh, I’ve heard it is bad to eat apples in the evening,” said Alvin.
“It is lunch,” Diana muttered, frowning.
“It is raining outside. I don’t want you to get cold,” Alvin said dearly, put his hand gently behind her back.
“Alvin, what’s going on?” asked Diana, getting suspicious.
“Nothing, nothing, just a casual stuff,” Alvin waved his hand in the air. And Diana suddenly blushed. 
“Oh, you… You!” said Diana, angrily. “I told you not to do that anymore!”
“I’m guessing we’re having chicken noodles. You should really cook some seafood, I love and love seafood. I don’t think the dirt eating creatures are my type,” said Alvin.
“Alvin!” shouted Diana.
“Oh come on, they try to take Tasha and Jake, and it was a self defense, I was outnumbered by fifty to one,” explained Alvin.
“Oh God,” Diana groaned. And they walked to the upstairs.

Chapter 13
The Old Sewage

On the hill, across the vast area of mine fields, there stood a private institution built by military generals and other important political figures in Cassandra. The institution was training the kids to become intellectual labor forces directly controlled by Veron. At Nina’s base, the report indicated that the old underground facility lab where Veron tried to breed super soldiers, were located right below the school. Although due to the constant breakout, they’ve moved it to the other location, but Nina found out that the lab was still operating at the minor scale.
Sarah Johnson, the marine under Nina’s command, was transferred from the main base to the bunker where undercover agents, Michel and Paul, were working. Sarah received the blueprint of the underground facility from Captain Stein. Nina ordered them to take a scout in that facility. Hopefully it gives out some clues about where the new one’s located at.
Sarah was glad to be out in the field, she loved field works as it gave the thrills and the sense of adventure. When Alvin Caravel was under Nina’s command, she often worked with Alvin, who was leading the paratroopers. She remembered the time when they tried to take out the rebel group who were hiding in the old storage building near the dock. Sarah infiltrated from the water and Caravel dropped from the air, they operated smoothly and quite easily took out the terrorist groups.
Sarah was wondering why Nina Polchinski didn’t even try to bring Caravel back. He was the best gunslinger she knew. His skills came pretty handy when she was confronting the enemy. Especially in Cassandra, where the majority of the people had the eyes of a dead fish which were saturated with hatred and obsession, she was always comforted by Alvin with his good hearted laughter. But she knew that he now adopted two children and got himself a girl. Although she was angry at Alvin for leaving them in this insecure time, she was glad Alvin was having a good life.
When Sarah went to the bunker, one of the guards escorted them from the gate. A lots of infantry units in the bunker greeted them. The bunker was quite big, the guard and Sarah went deeply inside the concrete wall and entered the room. Two agents, Michel and Paul, saluted and were quite excited to see her. At night, they moved along the trenches and moved toward the forest crammed with mines. Michel was high spirited since Sarah was with them. He was almost jumping around the forest, careless about mines. He ran into the forest and a moment later Sarah and Paul heard gunshots; they waited for Michel, raising their guns aimed at bushes and saw Michel gripping two rabbits by their long ears. But, Sarah said they shouldn’t make an unnecessary fire, because it (obviously) glows in the dark. They sat and decided to rest a little. Sarah yawned, saying that she had a long travel, so she started snoring under the tree.
Paul looked sad, looking at the rabbit, as if he wanted to cry.
“Ok... what is wrong?” Michel frowned.
“You killed poor rabbits,” said Paul.
“Paul, seriously, what the fuck?” said Michel, rolling his eyes. Paul just lay down on the grass and went to sleep also.
After four hours, alarm watch started beeping. It was dawn, Sarah groaned, complaining that she need to retire, opened her eyes and saw Michel’s face, spilling saliva over her hair. She smelt a stinking stench from her hair and saw his hand on her breast. She flushed, and punched right into his face. Michel started screaming. Paul startled, waking up abruptly, and saw Sarah beating up Michel. Paul yawned, and looked at the rabbits lying next to him, and breathe out heavily.
“Ok, gentlemen, let’s move out,” said Sarah, jeering at Michel’s bloated face.
They moved after Sarah was washing her hair with Michel’s water bottle, smelling her hair, frowning. They now passed the mine field following the trail given by the map. They’ve now seen the old rustic door on the side of the mountain. 
They kicked the door to open and the door creaked loudly. They entered the dark passageway. The air was awful, the foul stench fumed out from the dark stair.
“Wow, just wow,” mumbled Michel, grabbing his nose. Paul face turned green, not feeling well. Sarah started cursing. They entered, and went down the stairs.
“I’m dehydrated…” said Michel, stumbling on the stair.
“I’m sorry, what was that?” said Paul, gulping his water.
“Fuck you,” Michel flipped him off. Paul grinned and gave him the water, Michel drank it.
“Is this a right way guys? Smells like the menstrual blood with gonorrhea,” said Michel, his face turning pale as the stench grows stronger. “Mixed with cow dung.”
“I’m pretty sure this is a biohazard area,” said Sarah. “A trash can, if you say.”
“Are you sure we are not going to be infected?” asked Michel.
“I don’t know baby,” said Sarah, chuckling.
“And why did we not bring the safety suit?” Paul groaned.
“Well, because if this is a real hazard, we’ve already been exposed by the water we drink in the city,” Sarah responded. “So… why bother?” 
Paul seemed like he is getting sick, he’s going green and purple. “I feel… sick...” said he.
“Relax relax, they are just modifying genes, all of this shit is just like a rotten corpses rather than bio weaponries.” said Michel tapping Paul’s shoulder. “And the fact that the stench is this strong, this stuff is pretty recent.”
“Are you sure they are harmless?” said Paul.
“Of course not,” said Michel, sniggering.
“Fuck you,” grumbled Paul.
Sarah was looking at the map with a flashlight, the iron pipes and rubber wires were set up on the ceiling and walls, water was dripping from above.
“Guys guys, come here, give me that cutter,” said Sarah, waving at them to come near her. Paul handed her pipe cutter to Sarah. She was looking at the narrow pipe which was connected to the dark area. She cut the iron bar and made a hole big enough for them to enter. 
Paul shook his head. “I ain’t fucking going there,” said he. Sarah ignored him and attached the rope on her belt, and gave the other side for Paul to grab on. 
“I’m going in, Michel, check the other side,” said she.
“Roger that my lady,” said Michel, giving the rope to Paul. He locked both of them on his belt. They went into the much narrow tunnel, filled with a thick rubber wire. Sarah squeezed herself into the hole, struggling as it was slippery and gooey. After a while, Michel hit the end where the thick metal bar was blocking the way, and Sarah was crouching to move on.
“I’m getting something,” said Sarah, excited, looking at the vibration detector, pressing its rubber side on the metal wall. Sarah frowned. 
“Hopefully the sound is not coming out from you guys! Everyone, freeze!” shouted Sarah. Michel and Paul stopped moving, breathing in silence.
“What is it?!” Michel shouted from the other side.
“Shut up!” she screeched. 
“I’ve got nothing!” yelled Michel, grabbing the wire to get back.  “Paul! Pull me back!” 
Paul pulled the wire. Michel smoothly slid backward. Sarah groaned, tried to listen to the sound from the amplifier. Apart from Michel moaning and struggling to move toward Sarah, she heard the sound coming from deep down. It was a weird screeching sound, but it was muffed by dirt and walls. Sarah began to crawl more deeply, through the thick clammy wires. After she reached the iron bar blocking the way, she bellowed,
“Paul! Give me the Roboroach box! I’m going to slip the drones into it!’” she spat and groaned, rubbing her eyes. Her nose was already numbed due to the strong odors of chemicals.
“Ok! Here it goes!” shouted Paul. He clipped the box on the cable and released to Sarah, it hauled toward her. The box came near Sarah and the sound stopped at her hand. Sarah detached the box and opened it. It was full of machines which looked like a cockroaches.
“It surly fits the environment,” mumbled Sarah, holding one of them, gazing at it with her narrow eyes. After Sarah dropped all of the drones to the other side of the iron bar, she shouted to pull her back. Paul dragged both Sarah and Michel, they slid back toward him.
“So… what was it?” said Michel, curious about the sound she heard.
“It’s not a rat,” said Sarah, grinning. “And I need a shower.”
“I can help you, if you know what I mean,” said Michel, playfully.
“Fuck you,” said Sarah.
“Please let’s get out of here, I puked more than once,” said Paul.
“Agreed, let’s go,” said Sarah.

Chapter 14
The Ghost Ship Operation

“Spontaneous combustion, bleeding from eyes, ruptured eardrum, severe hemophilia…”
In Nina’s room, woods were snapping in the fireplace, the orange flame danced, surrounding it. Nina was looking at the computer screen, reading a report of the horrifying experiments conducted in the underground facility. Nina felt a discomfort. It was accompanied by abominable pictures of flesh. Although she calmly observed and studied, she felt sadness in her heart, pitying them. 
She was simultaneously reading a paper written by the scientist called Jeffery Danver, a childhood friend of Simard Polchinski. She examined the file since the morning, skipping the briefing, examining the files. The paper described the research on genetic modification on the subject.
‘This silver liquid increases sturdiness and endurance of the cells in the body. However it had a high fatality rate when body fails to receive the cells, about 94.2% of our specimen twisted their body, chocking themselves to death, and vomiting blood until its lung breaks down completely. Other 4.6% showed cerebral hemorrhage inducing coma, and we have 0.2% survivors experiencing hallucinogenic special effects.’
Nina frowned. She threw away the report on the side and picked up her earphone to hear the file which was connected to the roboroaches in the underground cell. The sound came out from the earphone which made her goose bumps.
Nina heard the growl and bellowing of some sort. Nina listened carefully, gulping, trying to figure out the nature of the sound.
“What is that…?” said Nina.
In the past, when Alvin Caravel was still working with Nina, Alvin mentioned about the conversation between Simard Polchinski and the Jeffery Danver. Alvin said he was eavesdropping. Jeffery Danver was renowned bio technician while Simard was a military general in the former regime. When Veron came into power, Simard was constantly being watched under Veron, but not killed. Veron was interested in ‘Alice’s Experiment,’ which Simard was pursuing in the past.
After Veron forced them to use the human specimens to speed up the research, Simard wasn’t happy about the project, mainly due to its gruesome nature. Simard was arguing with Danver that the new method of producing massive regeneration of cell was inhumane. Although the goal was to generate cells quickly enough to overcome the breakdown of the cell structure, there were many side effects which led to a death of the subjects.
There too was a harsh argument related to the outbreak of a plague. Danver tried to convince Simard that this technology could save the lives of orphans because Veron will lose interest in using orphans in the first place. But Simard ended up shouting at him to leave his presence.
Alvin said he didn’t understand what Danver meant about saving orphans, nor did he understand what this technology is for. Instead, Alvin gave Nina some videos regarding the experiment. It was the first human subject to be tested. After an injection of the cells, he ended up having epilepsy but calmed down later. He was locked up in a chain with the eyes of a corpse, uninterested in any encounter with other humans. He was in a worse shape than the patients at the lunatic asylum. His skin and clothes were torn apart, naked on the floor. Danver commented that the experiment as a success.
Nina grabbed the chocolate and took a bite, the sweetness spread; she felt a little better. She didn’t want to research further on this subject.
“I wonder why I don’t have a cavity,” murmured Nina, looking at the big chunk of chocolate. A moment later, she heard a door knock.
“Come in James,” said Nina. And James entered the room.
“Hello admiral, how did you know it was me?” said James.
“I guessed,” said Nina, smiling. “Would you be interested in having a chocolate?” 
“No, I’m good admiral,” said James.
“Did they left?” asked Nina.
“Yes, the agents just departed with Sharine Pestice. They will soon enter the trafficker’s vessel,” said James.
“Nice work James,” smiled Nina. 
“Thank you admiral,” said James, with a little concerned look.
“I’m sorry for not letting you leaving with them. But you see, your face is too exposed to the traffickers,” said Nina.
“I understand,” said James.
“Don’t worry, it will work out. And your princess will return soon,” giggled Nina.
“There is nothing going on between me and her, admiral,” said James, blushing, clearing his throat. “I have to inform you that three agents who have planted roboroaches in the underground facility have returned. They are in the tower to watch over the operation.”
Nina drank her cocoa, blinking, finishing it all and laid down on the table.
“Well, I have to go there too, and if you are concerned, we can both walk to the tower,’ she said.
“That’ll be great admiral,” said James, his face getting brighter.
“Well, shall we, Captain?” Nina stood up and went over to the hanger and grabbed her jacket.
They walked on the hallway, dropping by the Madam Wanda’s coffee. 
“Hello admiral!” Madam shouted cheerfully. She took Nina’s cup and refilled her drink. 
Nina continued sipping as she walked. When they entered the tower, everyone was busily moving here and there, were on the phones and shouting amongst themselves. Stein, as usual, bellowed at them to check every detail.
Sarah, Michel and Paul were also there, shuddering about the memory they had inside the underground tunnel. They all took a shower for a very long time. Sarah was sniffing at her hair for a smell.
“Admiral!” Stein shouted, saluting.
“James will be joining us,” said Nina.
Stein glanced at James as if he is rejecting him. James looked the other way.
“I still think it is a bad idea to give our cloaking device to the assassin, admiral,” grumbled Stein.
“Hopefully she doesn’t aim for my head,” murmured Nina, slumping into a chair.
“All units are in position,” shouted Sarah, looking at the screen.
“So, are we just disappearing when the thing show up?” asked James, guiltily, “And whatever the thing might be, just watch them slaughter the whole crew?”
“Yep,” said Nina, gulping her drink. “See? Your princess is safe, although living with her might not,”
“Did our Captain fell in love again?” whispered Michel to Paul. They snorted simultaneously. Nina grabbed the phone and contacted the leading agent in the ship.
“Sergeant Cyre, what is our situation?” Nina said through the phone.
“It is good admiral, traffickers are loading slaves now, and all things are moving smoothly,” Cyre whispered with a low voice.
“Good to know. How’s the assassin?” asked Nina.
“Bit too excited about the cloaking device, admiral. But it is under control,” said Cyre.
“Good luck Sergeant,” said Nina.
“Roger that, admiral,” replied Cyre. Nina put down the phone, leaning back against the chair, waiting.
“Watch carefully now Captain,” said Nina to James. “I think Veron has a surprise for us,” Nina smiled shrewdly.

Chapter 15
Unhealthy Obsession

In the institution, professors were busily talking in the hall room. Today they were hosting an orientation for the first year students. This institution wasn’t a typical college; it was a mixture of both college and a high school for the age group twelve to nineteen. It was made this way because of the limited option for the students, lack of diversity and due to the financial reason. Nevertheless, the teachers working there called themselves professors. The young faces, however, weren’t filled with excitement but filled with groaning, complaints and boredom. They look tiresome and seemed like having difficulty breathing due to the pressure and stress. The institution, both in and outside, was an ugly steel framed structure.
The reddish curtain hung on the side and the big Veron’s painting positioned itself in the middle. Outside there were heavy rains falling down from the sky. There were drinks with a small umbrella on the tables. The old man grumps at the tax deadline with his friend, who is nipping about current politics. Southern style barbeque and Caesar salad were put on the table. Little chubby waitress in grey shirt and flowery apron hasted her step, crossing the marble floor.
A principal’s fluffy white cat loitered, on the middle of the stage, leering at the professors. The assistant hurriedly went up and caught the cat, which struggled and tried to scratch him, but failed, the assistant swung the cats around back and forth, and handed to the principal. The principal, a fat bald man sitting on the front table seemed bored; his piggy drowsy eyes were gazing at the military officers and other professors. Hands on a throbbing head, the host of the day dressed in suit walked up to the stage, his left sleeve was stained with black coffee. He frowned due to blinding sunlight, which was worsening his headache and he held up the microphone.
“Is this on? Ahh Ahh, testing,” he cleared his throat. His skin was rough, resembling the mars terrain; he took out the microphone and went to the middle of the stage to stay away from the sunlight. “Hello, ladies and gentlemen, what a great day to be here in the 12th orientation, I’ll be your host today,” said the host, smiling with his lip stretched wide, showing his yellow stained teeth. And he talked about the how secure this institution is from “poor and the thieves,” outside the border and he boasted about the creation of a mine field surrounding this institution. 
“What a horrible person, don’t you think Randolph?” said one of the professors at the table.
“Watch your tongue, Walsh, he is one of the royal blood,” muttered Randolph.
“I’m aware of that he is Mr. Habington’s son.” said Walsh.
“Yes, he is not too happy about the things happening in the institution. Now he got promoted in Veron’s lair, have power to end out career easily, it is better to keep low.” 
Randolph took a deep breath and looked around with haughty eyes at the other professors, not fond of them.
“Yes yes, of course. Those high ranking officers are now trying to find a scapegoat. They are losing control over the public rising against the regime. The situation is really bad, Randolph. Current youths are becoming more and more rebellious,” Walch showed a concerned look. “I personally blame protests and riots these days… What are they thinking really? Do they really want to go back to the old war-ridden times? I mean did you hear about the youth group who just sang and dance in the street rather than submitting to Veron?”
“No wonder Veron threw them to the prison!” Randolph barked. “They should be reeducated completely! The regime will hold! Yes, of course!”
“I don’t know Randolph, the movement is getting bigger, there are also the group of young rebels who themselves called ‘Rodents’ I mean look at our students! Normal and acting with respect! Those poor people are to be damned!” said Walch.
“Yes! How outrageous!” shouted Randolph, banging the table. The other professors frowned at them.
“Those youngster will pay!” sneered Walch.
“Yes indeed, and let them punish them like the old days, as they did it to the war prisoners!” Randolph sniggered.
“Oh that reminds me about the property which the Mr. Havington is selling. It is the estate of the old castle, built by Bacon Saxe himself! Such a brilliant and magnificent architect, he has a pure royal blood, just like Veron Komer himself! Unlike what the commoners make, it is beautiful!” exclaimed Walch, his eyes full of tears.
“Shame on you, Walch. How can you even compare him to the commoners?” said Randolph, with a contempt and arrogance.
“And I have another news to tell you Randolph, that new guy, Mangieri, I think he’s feeling guilty after bribing the principal,” hissed Walch, in a low voice.
“Ha! Such a good eyes you have Walch. That weak link shall be removed. Let’s take him out, we don’t need him. Or else those weak ones will sell us out later,” said Randolph, delightfully.
“Yes, indeed, Randolph. Indeed!” exclaimed Walch.
And the desk suddenly shook. The heavy bag fell in front of them, shaking the whole table, knocking off the glass. Walch screamed, startled, and spilled his wine on Randolph’s expensive suit.
“What is this insolence!” bellowed Randolph, grabbing the tissues and wiping the liquid off from his chest. He looked up to see who ruined his suit.
However, neither of them talked, as if they were afraid of saying another words. The man was gazing at them, grinning. He seems to be suffering from the severe dehydration; he had a reddish eyes and his skin roughened like a Komodo dragon.
“Crime is a matter of creativity. It is a piece of art in the underworld. You shall never teach; all you can do is witness. But know that there are always those who can break the rules. And you pigs will never understand the world of villains,” said the man, grinning, and he sat down, leaving both professors angry and puzzled.
“Karl, what the heck are you doing here?” shouted Randolph. “You aren’t qualified to be here!”
“Well, the committee seemed to think otherwise. I blackmailed them to shut their mouth or I will blow their house half way to the moon. And guess what? I passed the exam,” said Karl, chuckling. “What a shit school this is, wouldn’t you agree?” 
“It’s the royal institution serving royal army of Veron! It’s not called ‘school,’ the school is for a pagans and low lives!” Randolph bellowed.
“Oh, yes, that is much comforting, Randolph. At least you don’t defile the word, ‘school.’ Do you mind?” said Karl, grabbing the steak on the plate with his hand, ripped it open and started chewing it like a dog. The blood dripped on the table, making red spots on the table.
“Professor Wolff, please!” Walch cried out, pulling himself back to avoid the splatter, almost falling from the chair.
“Karl! Get away!” Randolph growled.
“Relax, relax gentlemen, because I’m here to help you,” mumbled Karl, his mouth was full of meat and his hands were bloody. He made a loud chewing noise, his dry skin stretched on the side as if it was about to burst open.
“Help us with what?” asked Walch.
“Get you on the same page, my dear professors.” said Karl, acutely.
“Ha! You?” Randolph smirked. “You are getting us on the same page?"
“Alice’s experiment, has succeeded,” said Karl, other two professors were silenced, utterly dumbfounded.
Alice’s Experiment, directed by the Minister of National Defense in Cassandra, was one of the main projects in the military development. After series of modifying genes of various cells, they successfully found the way to massively regenerate the cells. 
However, when applied to real human beings, most subjects died from turning into a disgusting jelly as the cell structures got ruined and melted down. As a result, it fumed a horrible scent and the subjects died from the internal bleeding. Alice died from an unidentified infection even before the cells were put into a practice. After continued efforts, they successfully managed to prolong the body cells by keeping the cells together with sturdy substances, therefore bolstering the structure. Eventually not only it enabled the faster recovery, it enabled various practices of mutation breeding.
“I don’t believe it… Why we are not informed then? We put so much effort! We should be rewarded!” shouted Randolph. Walch, startled, looked at Karl intently, demanding an explanation.
“No one was informed officially, except few high ranking generals…” said Karl. “I think,”
“Then how did you find out about it Karl?” asked Walch. “You didn’t even participate in the research.”
“There has been an accident in the southern sea. Something attacked the vessel. Next morning I was called in by the ministry and was informed of such matter,” Karl fluttered his eyebrows, his face seems to be itching; he scrubbed his chick and chin.
“You are full of nonsense, Karl, Veron himself have assured us to tell us about the outcomes of Alice’s experiment! We are the pioneers of science! We have a right to be informed and rewarded afterwards!” Randolph burst into laughter.
“Use your head, professor, the experiment is not fit to use in practice. In fact it is already out of control. There is no other explanation that all the crews are ripped open and eaten by some beasts,” sneered Karl.
There was another silence. Walch and Randolph were looking at each other nervously.
“Well, still, we have to look at the evidence first…” mumbled Walch, playing with his palm.
“Yes, Walch is right Karl, stop jerking around with your filthy lies!” yelled Randolph.
Karl scoffed and stood up. “My ex-girlfriend said that to me once,” said Karl. Randolph growled, leering at him. “She was on a period.” 
Karl threw a smile. He stood up and walked away.
“Arrrr…! That man! How dare he disrespect me?” shouted Randolph, his face became scarlet.
“Now now, Randolph, it is an opening day, you should calm down for our students. Everyone is looking at you,” said Walch, tapping Randolph’s shoulder.
“Yes yes, I should be a bigger man! Hrmph!” said Randolph, stretching his chest with contempt. The micro phone made a screeching sound; the audience frowned, plugging their ears. The host cleared his throat and start talking. “Now shall we move to the auditorium where the kids are? It is time, professors.”
The professors rambled amongst themselves, clattering their silverwares, wiping their mouth with a handkerchief. And they started walking toward the auditorium. There were swarms of students waiting. The professors positioned themselves in the front row, and a moment later the principal walked into the auditorium. The principal gave his cat to his assistant. The cat resisted, trying to scratch the assistant. He walked toward the stage and stood in front of the students.
“Greetings, students, welcome to the institution in Cassandra. Our school has dedicated us the finest teachers around the world to fill you with most precious knowledge of breakthrough of science and mathematics! We will teach you to get exposed to that knowledge so you can rule over those poor and miserable souls outside of these walls. Your purpose here is to dedicate your life to serve our great ruler Veron, by becoming skilled scientists. You are chosen amongst commoners!” principal shouted. Very few audiences cheered, only the professors clapped. 
Karl rolled his eyes, treating this as some freak show; he took out his aluminum bottle which contained whiskey. When he got out of the auditorium and around the corner, he bumped into the young kid who was running around in the hallway. His face was pink and vigorous. 
“Sorry sir!” he shouted. The kid looked at Karl and was amazed at his face. Karl frowned, little embarrassed about his skin condition, ignored the kid and went past by, but as he did, the kid wheeled around walked alongside him.
“What is it kid?” snarled Karl.
“You are Professor Wolff right?” asked the kid.
“Yes, I am. Would you mind?” snapped Karl, walking away and the kid followed him.
“I’ve heard a lot about you from my father and his friends in the institution!” exclaimed the kid.
“If your father has friends in this place, then I’m assuming he talked shit about me,” said Karl, annoyed by the kid.
“Yes he did sir,” said kid, plainly. Karl looked at him, little fascinated by the kid.
“So, what is it that you want with me kid?” asked Karl.
“Because he also said you are the best, but he said as you do not respect the science and technology, you will wither away soon,” beamed the kid.
Karl looked at him for a moment; he held his whiskey bottle and drank it.
“Withering away…” said Karl, chuckling. “He is right about that.” 
“Sir, I want to learn, that’s why I came to school. I know my friends used to live on the street. I want to help them sir, but I don’t have any money or power to do it. I have to learn sir!” said the kid, with passionate eyes. Karl silenced for a while, continued to walk.
“…What’s your name, kid?” asked Karl.
“It’s Tyler Rutherford, sir,” answered the kid, quickly.
“…Well, Tyler, you look like a rugby player. You may visit me in my office. It is at the end of this hall. Bye for now, I’m going to the bar,” muttered Karl.
“Is your drink empty sir?” said Tyler, pointing at the metal bottle.
“No,” Karl scowled. “To pick up the women.”
“Can I come with you?” asked Tyler, smiling, stretching his lips.
“Don’t you need to be assigned to the dorm?” said Karl. 
“Can take care of that later, sir,” said Tyler, grinning. Karl’s eyebrows raised a little but his face got brighter.
“… Maybe there is a hope in this wretched soil after all. Come along, kid,” said Karl. They have passed the sculpture of tree of life and the monkey statue, and they entered Karl’s office.

Chapter 16
Shall we dance?

It was the day of the festival, Tasha and Jake ran toward the crowd, talking and munching hot dogs and tacos. Although almost everyone in the fair carried a gun and looked around the crowd suspiciously, they were having a nice time with their family. It was a day of armistice, the time when people silently agreed to take a break from each other.
Jake took out bunch of copper coins from his worn-out jean. And he bought a chili dog. He smiled happily when he grabbed the chili dog. He started pushing the chili dog into his throat. The chili dropped on the street as he pushed it with his lips. Tasha was jumping around in the crowd, first went to see jewelries and then she went to look at the pets. The man was wrapping his pet snake around his neck. A thick heavy snake yawned and leered dully at Tasha, and turned its head around. Tasha followed its head and saw it yawned again. She reached out and patted its head. It hissed and rolled around the man’s arm. Tasha giggled.
As Cassandra was war-ridden, highly unstable country, the currency which Veron printed had almost no value and subject to fraud. So, people used ora, enosi and psomi which the mercenaries used to trade, if these currency were not available, they used foreign currencies or barter with another. This deeply upset Veron because he liked to see his face on every bill they’ve issued. Therefore, only soldiers used those currencies. They rather acted like robbers because they forced the merchants to accept the currency, which had no value whatsoever. If they refused to take it, they threw them into prison.
Merchants wanted to make sure whether there was a right percentage of gold and silver inside the coin, (they didn’t care much about the copper). As it wasn’t too hard to replicate and counterfeit the coin, all the merchants owned the electronic density checking device to avoid fraud by diluting the percentage of gold. Still there were a lot of speculation and smuggling activities in the gold and silver market. 
Jake knew that Tasha was involved in the channel of merchants, because she sometimes bought Jake a surprise birthday present. Last birthday, Jake received a high tech dinosaur toy. Jake was shocked. The dinosaur was about the size of a puppy. Jake invited his friends and played with it together. She bought a nice pistol for herself, which somehow Alvin knew it immediately and took it from her. “I’ll give you when you are over eighteen,” he said. In an exchange, Alvin gave her five nasty skunk bombs which he said it literally contains a skunk fart, manufactured by his friend working at some toy shop. Unfortunately, his friend couldn’t meet people for months after an unfortunate accident while making that bomb. According to Alvin, when this bomb goes off, people will puke, scream and be alone for more than a month. Tasha’s eyes beamed when she heard this, throwing a huge smile and took those skunk bombs, and she was carrying it with her ever since.
Alvin and Diana knew of Tasha’s involvement with merchants because when Alvin and Diana went to buy some fish for dinner, the owner told them about Tasha, that she was a talented trader. Tasha rarely talked aloud about this matter to anyone.
Tasha grabbed Jake’s hand and head toward Charlie, the candy shop owner. Jake grinned because he liked Charlie too. When they got there, Charlie was cursing at the merchants at the fair.
“Now now Charlie, they are not here to hurt you,” said Tasha, trying to keep Charlie from vendors.
“Bastards! They are taking my children!” shouted Charlie. He was throwing huge rock candies at them, yelling at them to move their tents away from his shop.
“Oh yes, Charlie, Jake is here, do you remember Jake?” said Tasha, pulling Jake in front of red-faced Charlie.
“Jake?” Charlie stopped and gazed at him. Charlie’s face was still red, breathing hard, but the smile appeared upon seeing him. “Oh, oh hello my little friend, do you want some cotton candy?”
“Charlie, what about me?” said Tasha, smiling.
“Of course I get you one too! Wait here,” Charlie was smiling happily and went back to his house, after few grumbling, they heard a loud motor sound coming out from the candy machine.
“So, have you noticed?” said Tasha, her eyes narrowed, keeping her voice down so only Jake can hear.
“Noticed what?” asked Jake, putting his ear closer to Tasha.
“The ghosts are in the fair,” whispered Tasha, grinning, looking at the street.
“The…. what?” said Jake.
“You know the ghosts, the agents with a cloaking device. They are walking around,” said Tasha.
“How do you know?” asked Jake.
“Well, I saw the few clumsy ones stepping on those puddles. Unlucky for them, it rained last night,” said Tasha, her eyes beaming.
“So… Is it Nina Polchinski?” said Jake.
“I think so!” hissed Tasha.
“What do you think they are doing?” asked Jake.
“I don’t know. Let’s enjoy the fair for now, maybe we’ll find out!” cheered Tasha, her blood boiling. Her face became pink with excitement.
“Here! Here my friends!” exclaimed Charlie. He was grabbing huge greenish cotton candies. It was so huge that it looked like Charlie carrying Christmas trees.
“That was super fast Charlie,” said Tasha, amazed.
“No more sweets for today I guess,” Jake muttered.
“Thank you Charlie!” said Tasha, grabbing the humongous cotton candy.
Charlie laughed hard and said, “enjoy the fair!” and went back to his store. He didn’t close the door but the wind blew and the door shut with a loud bang.
“Now, shall we…” Tasha suddenly stopped and her face got hardened.
“What are you…” Jake gazed on the front too and startled at the sight.
The huge fat guy, who looked like a great white shark, walked toward them. He was with two skinny but muscular males on the side. They were snarling and spitting on the street. The big one looked at Tasha and Jake, his thick eyes gleaned at them dangerously. There was a long three-striped scar on his cheek. It was healed but the skin of the mouth seemed like it stretched out.
“What have we got here?” the fat guy exclaimed as if he received a birthday cake, his purplish tongue licking his lips. Other two guys frowned and leered at them, making threatening postures.
“Look guys, it’s the whore and the worm. It’s been a long time! We thought you guys are dead,” the fat guy grinned. Two guys stretched muscle, cracking their necks.
“Are you bitches finally got a gut to escape?” scoffed Tasha.
“Fuck you whore,” growled one skinny guy, curling his lips. “We got out from that shit place alright, because we got recruited by the traffickers! They could use our noble skills you know. Now we are part of the gangs.”
Tasha and Jake met them in the past when they were in the orphanage, the name of the big guy is Douri and other two skinny guys were named Toin and Mus.
“Yeah, we are cool,” laughed Toin.
“Thank you for this sexy scar you gave me, whore. It helped me greatly when I got recruited by our master,” said Douri, two other guys were smirking.
“Sure, you got it from the chick,” said Jake, plainly. Tasha glimpsed at Jake, little surprised, and began to laugh. The guys removed their smirks and walked toward them closer.
“Well, I see you got some guts while you are away from us. You little prick,” said Douri, swinging his massive fists in the air.
“Yes, maybe it will be best to return a favor…” Mus sniggered taking his knifes out. Douri looked at him and sniggered, and took out his knife too.
“In public? You can’t be that stupid,” said Tasha.
“Oh, no, our master will be glad when we show some guts. Who knows? We can sell you to the traffickers and he will be happy for us bringing some profits!” said Toin.
Tasha leered at them. Jake pulled her back toward him.
“You think the ghosts will save us?” whispered Jake. 
“Don’t be stupid,” hissed Tasha to Jake.
“Why did Alvin take away my gun anyway?” grumbled Tasha. “You have to be over eighteen to survive? What a load of crap.”
“Well… hope for the better I guess,” said Jake, making a fist, gesturing that he is ready to fight, but Tasha shook her head and held him back. 
The guys were getting closer, their eyes blazing. Tasha winked at Jake. She reached out the hand in the bag. Suddenly, she pulled out the Skunk Bomb and threw right into Douri’s face. The Skunk Bomb was soft and squishy. It bounced against Douri’s head. In the air, it exploded and something yellow and green splattered at Douri’s face. Tasha and Jake immediately nauseated by a strong odor, scowled, tried not to puke. Douri started screaming.
“It’s a good old time baby, run!” shouted Tasha. Tasha and Jake threw their cotton candy and ran. Toin and Mus started puking on the floor, running away from Douri.
“That whore! I’m going to…” the Douri bellowed and gurgled with puke.
Charlie came out from his store full of rock candies again to throw at vendors but as soon as he opened the door, he frowned at the smell. Charlie groaned, seeing the three young men puking in front of him. He grumbled and went back inside the store, locking the door.
Tasha and Jake ran. Bumping into the crowd, after a while they arrived at the beach. Catching their breath, Tasha and Jake laughed, Tasha howled in the air. They started walking along the beach to reach a magnificent view of the sunset, where there were musicians playing secretly from the eyes of soldiers. Normally, soldiers were drunk in the tavern in the days of festivals. They weren’t too hard on the searches.
Tasha and Jake saw the sea hawk flying and the wave breaking against the big rock. Soon they arrived at the place, where the musicians were playing guitar, saxophone and an accordion. Tasha smiled and sat down on the rock.
“Good huh?” said Tasha.
“Yeah! How did you know about this place?” Jake exclaimed.
“Oh, Charlie talked about it once,” mumbled Tasha, lying down on the rock. The red sun glowed; the crab slowly crawled in a distance. Tasha, sighed with relief, listened to the saxophone, the man was playing jazz. She wasn’t sure about the name of the song but she started swinging her body. Jake giggled.
“Do you like jazz?” asked Jake.
“Who wouldn’t?” she said, humming. 
“I don’t,” said Jake.
“Ha! You are no fun. It would be so nice when the guys ask for a dance in the beach,” Tasha glimpsed at Jake, skimming his head to toe. “Not that I have much expectation.”
“Nope I don’t, I’ll just look stupid,” mumbled Jake, lying down on the rock also.
“So, how’s the club?” said Tasha.
“What are you talking about?” said Jake.
“You know, ‘Rodents,’” Tasha grinned.
“Oh… It’s same old same old,” murmured Jake.
“I’m glad that you got some guts to do such thing,” Tasha giggled, Jake went little pink.
“Yeah, they came when I was cutting the yard, asked whether I would like to jump around the city,” said Jake.
“That is nice. Can you draw graffiti and stuff?” asked Tasha.
“A little, I mean if you are interested, I’m sure you can join it too!” said Jake, scratching his head.
“There is no way you can make me do that stupid thing,” said Tasha.
“Well, how about you? What are you going to do?” asked Jake.
“You want to know?” said Tasha.
“Yeah, what is it?” insisted Jake. Tasha stared at Jake charmingly and opened her lips.
“Gunslinger,” said Tasha, grinning. Jake was dumbfounded, silenced for a while, looking at Tasha. 
“W... What? No! Diana will pass out!” shouted Jake, suddenly.
“Probably,” said Tasha.
“But… but why?” said Jake.
But Tasha ignored Jake and closed her eyes, listening to the tides breaking and the sound of saxophone was slipping into her ears.
“Be careful if you are in the ‘Rodents.’” said Tasha. “You know what happened to the musicians and dancers.” 
“Ha! They will never find our nest! We change it every day!” shouted Jake.
“What is the nest?” asked Tasha.
“The gathering ground before we launch ourselves into the urban forest. I mean it is fun! You should totally come to visit! See? Just one time, it won’t be bad, I promise” said Jake. Tasha glimpsed at him and snorted.
“Alright, if you want it that bad, I will try to hang out with you goof balls,” Tasha stood up, staring at the sea. Jake stared at her, calmed down, his heart beat faster. He gazed at her.
“Shall we dance?” Jake said, awkwardly. Tasha laughed.
“No, baby, you are just a kid.” Tasha messed Jake’s head and kissed him on his cheek.

Chapter 17
The Cloaking

The ship was gliding through the tide, the herd of dolphins jumped near. The captain was forced to go to this trip by traffickers. He was scared to death because he heard what happened to the last ship that traveled this region. The mercenaries were ordered by the captain of the ship to patrol in groups. 
However, nobody seems to think that anything is going to happen, they yawned and played cards, laughing and drinking. Sharine laughed, joining them, and earned quite amount of money from the gambling table. Agent Cyre, who was leading this mission, wasn’t too happy about Sharine, but decided that it would be more suspicious to stay quiet and gloomy; he frequently stared at the map to check the location of the ship, contacting with the base constantly. 
One of the agents, Tom, went there and played with her, leaving Cyre in distress. Tom joined the table, sitting next to Sharine. The crowd gathered, cheering and betting amongst themselves.
“I met you in the bar you know,” said Sharine to Tom.
“Really?” said Tom holding up his cards.
“Yeah, you were drunk at the bar so I stole your wallet,” smiled Sharine. Tim snorted, and throwing money on the table, the crowd cheered.
She grabbed the dices, looking at the gamers with her shrewd smile. “Now you bunch of babies. Prepare to sleep on the street!” she threw the dices.
It has been seven hours since the ship left the dock. The people in the briefing room were barely hearing the radio transmission. They were sleeping, reading or chatting. Nina was matching dinosaur puzzles which she brought from her office hour ago, murmuring that playing game with Stein is not fun because he never wins.
“Maybe the thing that attacked the ship is resting,” said Captain Stein, reading a magazine. James was making a weird expression which one cannot tell whether he is relieved or worried. James was imagining having Sharine as his wife, laughing stupidly. Stein frowned, looking pitifully at James.
James and Stein wasn’t very friendly with each other, there was always an awkward air between them which hindered them from talking casually. James knew that if it wasn’t for Nina’s nagging toward Stein, James wouldn’t be in this position. Stein didn’t like the fact that James just became the Captain without any consideration of experience or skills, but sole under Nina’s suggestion. James was a rookie under Simard Polchinski as a petty officer and looked after Nina the way before she became an admiral. He always stayed loyal to her.
Nina dialed the phone and contacted Agent Cyre.
“Agent Cyre, reporting,” Cyre’s voice came from the receiver.
“Cyre, how are we doing?” said Nina.
“It is good admiral, so far everything is good. The assassin is asking every half an hour about trying out a cloaking device, we are trying to keep her from activating it,” said Cyre, angrily. Nina and Stein both sighed. 
“No sign of abnormality?” asked Nina.
“No admiral, it is a typical trafficking ship, slaves are all loaded right now,” replied Cyre.
“All right agent, keep your eyes open,” said Nina.
“Yes admiral,” replied Cyre.
The night came. Nina realized she was chewing the plastic stick as the lollipop was gone. She threw the stick toward the trash can, but missed. There were eight other sticks scattered on the floor. She stretched on her chair, yawning.
“Well, I’m going to get some coffee,” Nina murmured.
She walked to the deserted hallway. The coffee shop lady, Madam Wanda, was fully awake as many officers were sitting on the table, waiting for the news whether these creatures might show up, discussing with themselves.
“As usual, Wanda,” said Nina to Wanda.
“Of course admiral, caramel drizzles with a soy shot and a cinnamon spice, coming right up! Should I put extra shot perhaps? You look tired,” said Wanda, looking at drowsy eyes of Nina.
“That’ll be great,” murmured Nina, yawning.
Espresso machine hummed softly, dripping the thick dark liquid to the shot glasses on the bottom. Wanda steamed the milk inside the metal container and steamed it. She mixed it with chocolates and gave a coffee to Nina. Captain Stein was always worried that Nina might get diabetes.
“And here’s toasted cinnamon rolls for you,” said Mrs. Wanda. Nina grabbed the cinnamon roll, biting it on the way back to the tower. 
“This is gross,” Nina murmured, smelling a stench under her clothes.
She got back, but realized the coffee didn’t do any good to keep her awake; Stein was dozing next to her. Nina felt her neck sore, blurred her vision, she struggled to awake but she fell asleep. 
She dreamed about her past, the memory which haunted her during her childhood. It was a beginning of the winter, when the wind turned to a shivering cold. 
Nina’s grandfather, Simard Polchinski was sweating hard, his hands shaking lightly, tried to calm Nina down, and holding her. He breathed in and out, feeling Nina’s hair, slowly blinking his wrinkled eyes.
“They betrayed us… I guess my little protection failed to save me. Well, Nina, my child, you still has time to escape. I hope those bastard will not look too hard for one little girl, but I won’t take any chances. Be strong and survive, Nina, you will follow the escape route. It will lead you to the forest,” Simard gave white handkerchief to Nina. “Soak this in the water, and you will see the address written with a black thread. Go to that address. It is in the town called Oldvale. Oh, and you will need a magnifying glass to see the address written there,” Simard took off his necklaces with the oval glass to Nina, hanging it around her neck; and then he reached inside his pocket and gave her the key. Nina’s tiny palm grabbed the key tightly. He continued,
“It’s an abandoned property I bought in the past. You will find a small axe in the house somewhere. If you have found it, go to the second floor and look for the stag head on the wall. Use your axe to break the wooden wall right below it. In there, you will have some money to make living,” said Simard.
“Grandpa… I’m… I’m scared,” sniffed Nina.
“Nina, for me, you are the gift from God. Seeing you growing up gave me happiness which for so long have depleted in my life,” smiled Simard, looking into her eyes. Nina was crying, hugging Simard.
“The house has many secrets. It is like a game, Nina, go look for it! Remember the time that you told me that you always wanted to become adventurer?” smiled Simard, wiping her tears.
From outside, they’ve heard a men shouting, and it was coming near. Simard stopped and heard the wood creaking from above.
“It is time Nina, go down, now!” hissed Simard.
Simard pushed her roughly that she almost fell down on the basement. Simard had a bitter look in his face; he looked away, closing the metal door. And checked his pistol and started walking upstairs. There was a loud bang on the door at the time Simard was in the living room.
“Hello gentlemen,” said Simard.
“Mr. Polchinski, we have a reason to believe that you’re engaged in a developing WMD for revel groups in our country,” said the officer in a military uniform, grinning, taking off his leather gloves putting it into his pockets. “I’m afraid you are under arrest and we will have to search your house,” 
Simard glimpsed at his yard, there were many others, fully armed.
“Quite an army you brought. Are you a fool or a coward? I’m one old man after all,” said Simard, the man scoffed.
“Your house is quite big. I don’t find it pleasant searching your stinking house,” the officer chuckled.
“Really? I guess dogs are the dogs after all,” said Simard, grinning.
The officer kicked old Polchinski on the stomach. He gasped and fell down on the floor.
“What was that, Polchinski? You pathetic old man. Go boys, search this damn fucking house,” the man spit on the floor. The soldiers went in and started to search the house. The officer took out the pistol, playing it around in his hands. Simard slowly stared at the ceiling.
“What are you staring, old fart?” the officer barked. But Simard was silent; the officer kicked his face. “What the fuck are you staring at? Eh?” the officer started stepping on him. Simard didn’t scream, making a muffed sound. His hand became purple and blue, shaking.
Nina was running inside the tunnel, and she almost saw the exit, she grabbed the handle and opened the gate. The wire tipped, the living room light suddenly burnt out with the blinding flesh. Simard smiled. The officer startled at this, looking around the dark room. Simard started laughing like a mad man.
“What, what is that? What is that!?” The officer suddenly got afraid of the sudden blackout in the house, held the gun out, trembling. Simard’s penguin alarm clock started quacking loudly. The officer was stuttering and cursing, demanding the answer from Simard but as he just laughed, he shot Simard’s shoulder several times.
“What the fuck is that!” bellowed the officer, panicking. Simard felt as if the fire went through his shoulder, numbingly painful. The officer grabbed Simard’s neck and held him up. Simard opened his bruised eyes, chuckling and opened his torn out lips.
“Good bye kid,” Simard grinned. The officer screeched with anger and shot Simard on his head and started running towards the exit, but suddenly the bomb got exploded, making a loud crashing sound. The officer couldn’t even scream; the house was flown to air, into the debris and ruin.
Nina was groaning in her sleep, someone shook her and she woke up. It was Stein; Nina felt horrible, shaking a little. 
“Admiral, we got something,” said Stein.
In the ship, Sharine was delightful. She put the gear on and activated the cloaking device from the restroom. “What can I say, this is cool,” said Sharine standing in front of mirror, seeing nothing. She disappeared and went out the restroom. Sharine carelessly bumped with the drunken sailor with long grey hair who tried to pee, leaving her clueless and dumbfounded. Sharine jumped out the restroom and ran on the hallway.

Chapter 18
The Rat Trap

Veron banged the table, cursing that the youths are not respecting the elders and ignoring the proud history of Cassandra; instead they were running around like bunch of gorillas. 
“They painted at my statue and made my head green! And made red nipples! I’m descendent of gods! How outrageous!” Veron screamed in anger, slapping her wife who was pouring him the drink, his wife wailed and ran away. Melady and Titto were sitting near Veron, disgusted at him.
“Titto! What is your opinion on this matter! Huh?” bellowed Veron. Titto was forcing a smile, his lips quivered lightly. “If they are hiding inside the urban city, they will have a route which they travel frequently. The agents are looking for their gathering ground. They are already looking for a trail, trying to track them down. If the urban landscape is their ground, their hideout will be there.”
“So, are we going to find them soon?” said Veron, angrily.
“Yes, I would look first at the abandoned buildings of some sort, presumably with a history of someone committing suicide or said to be haunted, because young people loves that,” said Titto, glimpsing at Veron. “Emperor, they are just kids and not professional activists. It’ll be easy to catch them, just please consider about their punishment, just warn them and don’t kill them.”
Veron scoffed at this and threw a glass at Titto, it shattered at Titto’s head. Melady covered her eyes with her hands.
“Who are you to order me?” said Veron, frowning. Titto sighed, bleeding from his forehead.
“We have just loosened the snake to capture the rats. How are we going to get rid of snake?” Titto muttered taking out the piece of glass from his forehead; the blood flowed from his skin.
“Oh Snake? What snake? Sorry Titto, hopefully that glass didn’t do you a brain damage,” Veron laughed hard, waved him off.
“I’ll check with the agent and come back,” said Titto, grabbing the tissue and pressed his scar, Melady looked at him with teary eyes.
After Titto left, Veron started kissing and touching Melady, where she reluctantly opened her mouth, sad and nauseated. Veron’s face got red with wine and he laughed. And there was a door knock. Melady was happy to hear the noise, she pushed Veron back, but Veron ignored her. The door just opened slowly. It was Titto. Melady seemed like she wanted to cry, feeling miserable, helplessly looking at Titto to save her.
“Titto! Who taught you the manners? I said to knock three times and wait on the hallway!” Veron screamed, grabbing the plate this time, ready to throw it at him.
“They caught one of the rats, Emperor,” said Titto.
Veron’s face eased and his eyes beamed dangerously. He stood up, his face full of blood-thirsty look.
“Oh? Where is he?” asked Veron with excitement.
“In the interrogation room, Emperor,” muttered Titto.
Veron walked toward the door, pushing Titto on the way and went out cheerfully. Titto was exhausted at his behavior, searched in his pocket and took out aspirins. He just started gnawing and grinding it. Melady saw this and poured the water on the table and went up to him.
“No, bitterness actually helps,” said Titto, murmuring with the grim face.
Melady looked at him curiously and pitifully with her big blue eye. She went up to him closer and kissed him.
“… That helps too,” muttered Titto.

In the cell, the fat interrogator was beating the kid up. The skinny guard came up to him and yelled at the kid’s ear that it is a tragic event that today’s youth doesn’t respect the grand history of the nation. The poor kid was staring at the blank space, his head spinning, unable to think.
“You… You monster,” he mumbled and the interrogator kicked him at the stomach, grabbed his neck and knocked him on the floor. The guard started banging his face against the surface. The kid gurgled without screaming. The fat interrogator came closer grabbed his arm and set it up vertically and push it down against the floor. As the heavy weight and his powerful muscle pressured the arm, the bone cracked and the blood popped out and the kid screamed.
“Help! Help! I don’t know! I don’t know!” the kid cried out.
“Now, now that’s enough, gentlemen,” said the man who just walked into the room. It was Veron; he was excited at the sight of the kid.
“Someone… someone fuck. Some some one…I can’t remember what wha..” the kid blabbered, flinching on the floor with the bubble on his mouth.
“Oh, you shouldn’t mess around with the adults, kid,” said Veron, slapping him.
“I’m… I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” the kid mumbled.
“Oh? Do you? Now tell me again, come on, from your heart,” sneered Veron.
“I’m sorry! I won’t do it again!” the kid shouted with high pitched voice.
“I can’t hear you! I can’t hear you!” yelled Veron, laughing.
“I WON’T! I WON’T DO IT AGAIN!!” The kid sobbed.
Veron smiled, took his knife and draw it near to the kid’s eye.
“Now listen to me carefully, you brat. Because I will peel your eyeball like a banana if you don’t listen! Now tell me! Where is the rest?!” Veron screeched.
At that afternoon, Jake was trying to go to the nest. Diana didn’t let him to go because she heard about the ‘Rodents’ and not long ago realized Jake was in the group.
“Please, please, please?” Jake said.
“No!” screamed Diana.
“But all the other kids are playing basketball there, can I please, please go?” Jake was lying of course, he just wanted to jump around the buildings and structures freely.
Tasha was gone with Caravel for a grocery shopping. Diana was mad at Tasha recently because Tasha was interested in shooting, Alvin was saying that he does not want Tasha to become gunslinger but he was half amused at the fact she was doing well.
“I said do your chores first Jake. Cut the grass or it will breed all sorts of insects. I want you to do that first and then you may go,” said Diana. 
“That would take hours, Diana,” complained Jake. But eventually he gave up convincing Diana, took out the land mower and start cutting the grass.
Jake still remembers the first time he made a jump at the ‘Rodents,’ one of them with the earphone, playing loud rock music, ran toward the end of the building and jumped. Jake ran too, jumping across the building. He tried not to look down and successfully he stepped to the next building.
Jake realized that Diana was cooking, he peeked into the kitchen and in the next moment he was running away to meet them. Today, Tasha said she might visit them too. Jake was excited; the cloud started forming and thunder roared, but it didn’t bothered much about it.
“It’s not even raining!” Jake shouted and started jumping; he howled and ran, heading toward the nest.
On the way, the rain started dropping. Jake heard the angry soldiers screaming at pedestrians. Down in the street, there was a man with shabby clothes who was being examined by the soldiers. Other pedestrians do not seem to care, but afraid, they continued to walk.
Agent Paul stared at Veron’s soldiers who were screaming at him. Paul was patrolling the region, but the luck ran out this time.
“Didn’t you hear me?” shrieked one of the soldiers. “Give me your identification!”
Paul observed those reddish faces bellowing at him. He thought about reaching for his gun, but as there were three of them, his chance of winning was low. Paul took out the wallet and hand them the identification card. The guard looked at him, matching his face with pictures and looked at him suspiciously.
“Mr. Gruen, from Carian city?” said one of the soldiers.
“Yeah” said Paul, coldly. He continued to examine the id; other soldier watched it over the man’s shoulder.
“We are looking for a certain rebels called ‘Rodents.’ They jump around between urban buildings. Do you know anything about this? It is provoking and unthinkable act which should be punished!” shouted the man.
Paul realized they are looking for the kids who drew graffiti on walls, threw rotten eggs at soldiers and painted red nipples on the statue of the dictator on the square.
“I do not know them,” said Paul.
“Does it make you sweat? Mr Gruen?” The guard smiled cunningly, showing his white teeth.
Paul wanted to say ‘It’s a rain, you moron,’ but he didn’t.
The other man flipped the black notes which had the pictures of the wanted men, but he had to stop because he was hit by a soft object. He took off his hat in rage, spitting on the ground. It was the egg, a rotten scent fumed from it.
They saw the dark figure jumping across the building. They started blowing whistle and ran to capture him. But Jake was fast; he disappeared from their sight easily. Paul sighed in relief and walked away quickly. Jake easily escaped; he can’t wait to tell others that he saved someone today!
Jake hurrahed, “Now everyone in the city will see! What the people would have to say we will say! Now the…” but as he stepped his foot in front of their hideout, he stopped there coldly and did not enter.
The blood was coming out from the door.
Veron was glad when he heard the news the youth have been shot, discussing with Titto about displaying their head at the square. Titto refused so Veron started beating him with a metal plate. Later Titto ordered the officers to take the corpses and display it on a public square.
Jake didn’t believe what just happened. Jake remembered how he became the member of the ‘Rodents,’ which he could never forget. When Jake first met them, two of them approached Jake. One of them was much taller than other, wearing big shirts with large jeans, short one, carrying a skateboard, came near him too. Jake was bit nervous so he held up the wrench. And the tall one said “Oh, it is that orphan.” The short one shouted, “Come on orphan, we’ll show you what the cool kids do for fun! We heard some rumors about what happened at your orphanage!” And then the tall one said, “It is pretty hardcore, man!” They told him that they are in the club called the ‘Rodents’ the group of young people who wants to run across the forest of the urban city for fun. Jake went to the place called nest where group of people joined together with colored paint spray and bunch of eggs in the corners.
They ran in the urban landscape, as if they are released from the chains in the broken heart of the city. Amongst the grey rustic landscape, there were colorful clothes jumping around. Jake was still hearing their laughter, which replayed and replayed inside his memory. He could still hear them screaming. “Push it! Push it! Jake, don’t let that maggot take you!” They were running and tagging each other, laughing.
Jake was at the pond, just watching reflection of the moon on the water. He didn’t recall how many hours had passed. Tear didn’t flow; he was just sitting there absentminded, as if there was a huge hole in his heart. Now all of them are dead; soaked with blood and the rain washed away their red blood.
“You…” there was a sudden voice from his back. Jake looked back slowly, like some dying old man. It was Tasha, she looked furious; her hand was soaked with blood. From her look, he realized that she went to the nest and searched through the corpses to look for Jake. Jake ignored her, just turned around.
Tasha suddenly ran toward him tackled him on a puddle and started punching him. 
Jake could taste the blood inside his mouth and his whole face numbed and wringed, but didn’t even bother to stop her. After a while, she stopped and started shaking; her tears dropped to Jake’s face. Jake was just lying there in the cold muddy ground while Tasha cried on his chest.

Chapter 19
Sharine, the Cast Away

Nina was reading the testimonies made by the escaped sex slaves who were protected by one of her undercover agents. Most of them were orphans, who escaped from Veron’s hand and managed to survive. When there was a war between drug cartels, sometimes they tend to escape during the conflict but when they were caught in the street, they were subject to the forced labor as they didn’t have a proper identification. As some of them work with the high ranked officers, they were sometimes rescued by Nina’s undercover agents, given their freedom and protection in an exchange of the information. But most of them were too young to have valuable information.
‘Veron tried to drug me, but it didn’t work, what I’ve heard about guards were saying what will happen to us is that we are going to be a food to some monsters in the underground biohazard laboratory. Well, they told us because many of us were afraid of being transferred to a laboratory, and some boy was talking about some superhero gimmicks where one gets super strength after they get injected with strange drugs. He hoped to cheer others up, but those soldiers just crushed and ruined that boy’s dream, saying that we are the food. I still remember that hideous laughing.’
Nina frowned. Even though this was typical in Cassandra, she couldn’t get used to it, she turned to the next page.
“I felt like my stomach coiled and filled with rotten trash. All of them… Looking at them make me want to throw up. My limbs are tired due to constant stress and their disgusting act by taking pleasures when they harm, discourage and mock others. 
They cannot stand other’s happiness and they think that anything good has to come from them. They cannot see people who are under him rest, take pleasure, or having a good time. 
They flatter one’s skill and use to their subordinate to do their job and blame him for the entire mistake he did. My heart aches as if I have inhaled poison. My eyesight failed to look well. My head stopped thinking. My neck and back hurts as if it’s about to break. All I think about now is how to kill them. I have filled my heart with hate. And hope for the best that, they would disappear from this world. Working eighteen hours a day, with no wages, but only cursing and beating… There is nothing I can do about it. I’m just waiting for help from above.”
Nina sighed, bitterly sipping her drink, coldly gazed down at the paper. She covered it with her hand and put it aside.
Paul was back in the room after patrolling, sitting next to Sarah who was sleeping in her desk. Suddenly, Michel, who was listening to the transmission in the ship, got pale.
“Admiral? We got something” Michel muttered, his eyes full of horror.
“What is wrong?” inquired Nina. Michel put off his headphone but utterly lost the words.
“Put it to the speaker, Michel.”
Michel pushed several button and adjusted a volume. The people at receiver’s tower were horrified at the screaming in agony and shouting and there was again, howling and growling of some kind. Nina’s eyes were barely blinking. Sarah was now fully awake, startled by the noise.
“What in the world is that?” murmured Nina.
A few minutes later, the sound stopped, and they’ve heard bunch of splashing sound. And there was a silence. Only the tides, the sound of wind blowing and the metal cluttering were heard. Captain Stein put his hand on Nina’s shoulder. The dead silence was in the room.
“Are they dead Sergeant?” said Nina, a moment later.
“We are still confirming the data, admiral,” gulped Michel, shifting the frequencies of the radio.
“Answer it Sergeant, all they all down!?” Nina yelled.
“I… I’m afraid yes, admiral, I’m sorry.” stuttered Michel. James sighed, his hand on his forehead. Nina stood up, looked to those in the room and shouted,
“It was my miscalculation that cost our lives! Until we find the source, how tough and long this dark tunnel is, we will endure it, and will achieve victory! From now on, until I command otherwise, we will dim down our activities and find out about what just hit us!” said Nina, and stormed out of the room. Stein followed her out. James, distressed, walked toward Michel and changed the frequency but there were no sign of life coming out from the radio.
Few minutes later, James came up to Michel, and sat on the table, turning off the radio. Michel looked at James.
“Amazingly cold isn’t she? Captain.” said Michel.
“Yeah… I don’t even want to know about her past,” said James.
“What can I say? She’s like princess to all, Nina the sweet tooth. My favorite person in the world,” smiled Michel. 
“Hugh, don’t let your girlfriend hear that,” James scoffed.
“We will search the area and if there is any signal, we’ll let you know,” said Michel.
“Thank you Michel,” said James. “But for now, get some rest, will you?”
“Yes, Captain,” said Michel, looking at Paul and Sarah, who looked sad, stood up and went out of the room with him. James stayed there, sighing, drinking his cold coffee.
The storm raged intensely that night, ship rumbled, the tide got higher and higher, rocking the ship. Eventually, with a great massive tide, the ship fell and slowly sank to the bottom of the sea, never to rise to the surface. In the tower, looking at the news channel broadcasting about the storm, James shook his head hopelessly and left the tower.
The next day came and the next, the weather became much brighter and sunny. Near the crashed zone in the southern sea, there was an island with thick forests and beautiful waterfalls. It was almost a sunset; the sun became reddish under a clear sky, reflecting the orange rays of sunlight against the tide.
Sharine suddenly gasped, coughing, puking sea water. She had a horrible headache. She heard the sea hawks squeaking. Sharine felt the warm sand on her grip.
“What happened?” she groaned. “What is this place?”
She was lying on a beach, she barely remembers anything, and she gasped with a sudden pain rising from her shoulder. As if her skin suddenly spiked up, she grunted heavily. She looked at her shoulder. It was badly damaged; she felt the hook clutched inside of her flesh. She groaned painfully; dare not to pull it out for herself.
“Am I the only survivor…?” she murmured. She tried to stand up but stumbled; she grabbed the rock and pushed herself up. “I feel… dizzy. But must… go… on.”
Sharine looked around, but all she saw was a hill and the dark forest above. She tried to activate the cloaking device, but it was broken, she took it off and left it on the ground.
She saw a hill and looked at the trees. She had to find the water because she was extremely thirsty; she decided to climb. Any sign of life would be good. The sun was being slowly engulfed by the water; the pain from her shoulder became more painful as it got colder, the wound was beating with her heartbeat, she felt the metal clutching on her bone. And she saw the low laying branch. She grabbed it and start climbing, biting her lips as her arm was numbingly painful. She grabbed another and another.
“What kind of messed up bullet is this?” she complained. It was the stray bullet which got stuck into her arm. She felt dizzy; she lost the step and bumped into a rock, hitting her wounded arm against it. Sharine screamed in agony; the hook scratched bone inside her arm, she slipped a little but managed to hold her position.
She broke the branch next to her; she bit the branch hard to ease the pain. She started climbing the steep hill, went up to the tree living on the side of the hill. She saw a rock above her but it was out of her reach. She looked down, seeing that it was dizzyingly high. “Screw this, do I have to jump?” mumbled Sharine. 
She gulped, tried not to look down. Her head was wringing with nervousness, her forehead was drenching down with sweat. The darkness was looming, the red sun slowly came down.
“The wind…” she murmured, took a deep breath and jumped.

Chapter 20
A Dinner

Veron beheaded all the youths who were killed in the nest and presented them in the middle of the square. The soldiers pierced those heads and lined with the heavy chain. Although what this act did in effect was not the fear amongst the public but the rage against the dictator. People talked about how horrible the situation is and some loudly criticized the regime. Many mercenaries, including Robert, were disgusted at this and left Cassandra.
The Assassins’ Chamber was relatively calm than other groups, they were convinced that the wind have changed against Veron, they alerted themselves, observing carefully.
Melady cried days and days, couldn’t stand the sight of Veron. She, bravely, slapped and spat at Veron. Veron, dumbfounded and furious at this, beat her up with a bat, locked Melady in a cell and tortured her. Titto was having an intense headache and didn’t know what to do. He hasn’t had a proper meal nor sleep since the execution of the youths.
Alvin and Diana were watching the news, and seeing Jake and Tasha, they knew what happened in that night. Alvin tried to stop the war when he was in Nina’s command, which Nina reacted harshly against him. And after series of arguments with Nina, Nina ordered him to leave the command. Ever since then, he lived in this house. Now that the situation gotten like this, Alvin knew that there’s no turning back. 
Alvin went to the living room and saw Diana sitting at the chair. Her face was filled with grief at the news.
“Jake and Tasha are at sleep,” said Diana, sniffing.
“It must be hard on them,” said Alvin.
“Yes, how horrible this is…” said Diana, wiping her tears.
They sat for a while, he held Diana in his arm; she closed her eyes, hugging him. He turned off the television. Alvin’s stomach grumbled. Diana was too disturbed by the news that she forgot to cook dinner.
“Come on, let’s grab something to eat,” said Alvin.
“…but the soldiers might come here, and children will be in trouble,” said Diana.
“This house my dear, is safer than you think. But I want to make you feel better,” Alvin winked at her. 
“I’ll get the coat,” she said, with a subtle smile, and stood up slowly.
The moon loomed among the twilight. The wind was chilly, it was fresh and clear. Diana breathed the cold air in and out, calming down, and strolled along the city light like a sparrow jumping lightly from the ground. Alvin, like a lazy hound, walked grumpily behind her.
“Is this a date?” said Diana.
“Of course not,” said Caravel.
“I thought you want to make me feel better,” said Diana, with a soft laugh.
They went to the local burger place. Young waiter had reddish and dull face, as if he was drinking. He greeted them.
“Hello there, sir and a beautiful lady. Welcome, I’ll be hosting your table today,” said the young waiter, hiccupping and giving them the menu. Diana giggled, looking at the menu closely.
“Any appetizer or drinks I can start for you?” asked the young waiter.
“Water,” said Alvin, plainly, with a low gurgling voice.
“I’ll get pink lemonade, tortillas and onion rings, please,” said Diana.
“Right away ma’am,” said waiter and went away.
“See? You were hungry after all,” said Alvin.
“Oh yeah,” giggled Diana.
They looked at the menu closely, Alvin was thinking hard, tapping his head. Diana already picked what she wanted. Alvin couldn’t decide even when the waiter visited them twice, so Diana just ordered the grilled salmon for him. Tortillas and onion rings looked delicious, Alvin started digging in. Now Diana was sipping the lemonade, ice clattering, enjoying the outside air.
“I knew the Bleu cheese burger is better,” said Alvin, glimpsing at the dish next to his table, with his mouth full of food.
“Oh, hush Alvin, they are famous for this,” said Diana.
“They better be,” Alvin snorted. Diana tried to ask him something, but she seemed having a hard time letting it out. Alvin looked at Diana. She just blinked and sipped the lemonade again.
“Go on, ask me anything,” said Alvin, picking up the tortillas and chewing it.
“Alvin, I know you worked under Nina Polchinski…” she spilled the words as if she was unsure about asking this question.
“Yeah, I did,” said Alvin, plainly with a dull face.
“Do you know her well?” asked Diana.
“Yes, more than I need to know.” said Alvin, with little darkness on his face. “It’s not a dinner conversation, dear.”
“Oh well, I can always ask you later.” Diana smiled.
“Do you still remember when you first came to my house?” said Alvin, changing the topic.
“Oh yes of course! How can I forget? I can still remember that stupid face of yours.” Diana laughed, little blushing. Diana first came in for a job as a cleaning and cooking. Alvin was dumbstruck what just came to his doorstep.
“Oh yeah, I still remember vividly, I said, ‘can I help you?’” said Alvin.
“And I said I was looking for a job. And you said, ‘Oh you came to the right place. Let’s say I’ll meet you tomorrow.’ And you just hired me.” Diana giggled.
“Well, yeah,” Alvin laughed.
“So… tell me, Alvin, do you still like me?” Diana looked at him dearly. Alvin gulped as if his heart stopped, his face heating up,
“I didn’t hear you,” said Alvin. Diana snorted, shaking her head.
“I thought you are more into the bars or tavern,” said Diana.
“Yeah, about half of people drinking there will try to kill me there,” Alvin grumbled.
“Oh look there is our food!” Diana exclaimed.
The waiter brought a gorgeous meal.

Chapter 21
The Veil

Michel popped his neck, his neck was stiffer than usual, grumbling that he rather sleep in the trenches than the office chair. Sarah was driving, but she kept looking at Michel’s face curiously, because Michel got a big fresh scar on his face.
“Please, eyes on the front,” said Michel.
“I’m curious,” said Sarah. 
“What?” said Michel.
“The vessel gets attacked whenever it crosses the certain spot, as if they are claiming a territory,” said Sarah, grabbing starring wheel with one hand, and other hand freely expressing as the saying goes.
“Yeah,” said Michel, nervously looking at the front car.
“Well, and the cloaking didn’t work too, what is that mean?” asked Sarah, looking at Michel.
“Red light,” Michel muttered.
“What?” said Sarah, frowning.
“Red light!” he shouted.
Sarah suddenly stepped on the brake. Michel jerked his head up and down.
“I mean there is an island near that region, you know that, right?” asked Sarah. 
“Yeah… I do,” said Michel, rolling the window down to get a fresh air.
“I did my research! It is a failed resort from some rich dude. And he disappeared there long time ago,” said Sarah, excitingly.
“I think it is bogus, the rich guy probably disappeared somewhere because he doesn’t want to pay taxes,” said Michel.
“Yeah if you have 8 billion ora, and you disappear because you don’t want to pay taxes? That is stupid, Michel, come on. By the way, the fact is that he failed to build a resort with that amount of money. I mean, what kind of resort was he working on?”
“Green,” said Michel.
Sarah pressed the gas pedal. Her pink lips twitched. Michel’s head bumped against the seat, his face turning yellow.
“Dunno, maybe he was building a Jurassic Park.” Michel murmured, his face turning green.
“I should’ve brought some vodka to help you with car sick, I didn’t know you had such a weak stomach,” muttered Sarah.
“Maybe for you only, why would we want to drink vodka when they are car sick?” asked Michel.
“Well, you empty your stomach right away,” replied Sarah. 
“…I’m surprised you didn’t keep it on your backseat,” grumbled Michel.
“I did, the cop took it,” complained Sarah.
“Isn’t that great…” Michel sighed.
“So where did you get that scar?” asked Sarah.
“I slip and fell down the stair,” answered Michel
“Bullshit,” said Sarah.
“It’s the truth, Sarah, I really slip and fell down the stair,” said Michel, angrily.
“You are making that up,” sneered Sarah.
“What am I suppose to say then? What am I supposed to say!?” bellowed Michel.
“Shut up! You are no fun!” shouted Sarah.
Michel shook his head, groaning, his face went yellow again.
“So, how’s the robot Nina’s been working on?” said Michel.
“Act like some brain damaged junkies at the mental hospital,” answered Sarah.
“How about Nina? Is she all right?” said Michel.
“She’s fine. You know her, when she’s upset, she just eats bunch of candies and be happy. Although she got frustrated regarding the mission, I think she is doing well. But the problem is that Captain James got little paranoid,” said Sarah.
“What’s up with Captain James?” asked Michel.
“I think he fell for the assassin when during his operation, he is sitting at the receiver’s tower since that incident,” said Sarah, chuckling.
“But… they only met once, right? Or twice? Maybe…” mumbled Michel.
“Who knows? Probably because he pities her,” said Sarah.
“Yeah, right, why doesn’t he do the same for you?” said Michel.
“Good point, maybe he did fell for her.” said Sarah. “And by the way, fuck you.”
“So, falling in first sight huh? Young romantic love from the plumpy old guy,” said Michel.
“And she shall break his heart,” exclaimed Sarah, laughing, stepping on the accelerator,
Car boosted across the highway, toward the base.

At the base, Nina was hugging her monster cookie jar and talking to Captain Stein. Stein was complaining about James not leaving the tower.
“You can’t really blame James, Stein,” replied Nina.
“But admiral, it is unthinkable, why is he obsessed with the assassin who he hardly know?” shouted Stein.
“Well, maybe he is not, maybe he is looking for our men,” said Nina, eating cookies.
“But, admiral; he is…” muttered Stein but Nina put the finger at her mouth,
“Shh…” she said, smiling, and spoke. “When we failed the operation, we managed to bomb the engine room so the outer forces cannot identify our involvement. It was our last resort which I only informed to few of our agents in the field. At least Veron won’t be suspicious about us. The peculiar thing is Veron’s reaction. It is too quiet concerning this event; normally he is shit scared of everything but he was particularly dull in this case.”
“Are you saying Veron is the one behind this, admiral?” asked Stein.
“Maybe, although I’m not sure about the reason, the other possible explanation is that Veron already know who did this and he can’t do anything about this man behind the veil,” Nina muttered.
“Yes, I’ve looked around the region and found an island near the crash zone,” said Stein. “According to the Intel, it is where the failed resort took place, directed by a rich man called Ricky Guido. He had a considerable amount of wealth, and he disappeared few years ago,” 
“Do you know about this failed project?” said Nina, curious.
“Very few people know about the project. Simard talked to me in the past vaguely about the hideouts,” said Stein.
“Is this Ricky Guido helping Veron out?” said Nina.
“We do not know. All I know is that the rich man tried to build some type of shelter,” said Stein.
“A shelter?” inquired Nina.
“Yes, the people who have cut out from the rest of the world live there, free from the one pursing them,” answered Stein.
“If Ricky is against Veron and if Veron wanted that shelter in the island, the attack is more likely to be an accident or a byproduct of some sort,” said Nina, scratching her head.
“So, do you think Veron made those things to find the shelter?” said Captain Stein, skeptical.
“I don’t know,” said Nina, smiling, biting the almond cookie and melting it with milk. “I’ll contact someone to look at the island. I guess James would like to do it.” 
Stein took his cap and walked toward the door.
“She has the same eyes,” Nina muttered to Stein’s back.
“Of what, admiral?” said Stein, looking back at her.
“Jame’s deceased wife, Captain, Sharine has the same eyes,” said Nina. At this, Captain Stein’s face eased a little. He nodded and went out the room.
“Yep, that is how it goes.” Nina licked the last drop from her glass.

One of the ghosts, William, contacted the base. He was floating around in the sea in the life jacket. His voice was full of panic; he rambled about what he saw. William said he had to hide in the metal closet because something abhorrent and hideous things ran toward them and started killing all the people abroad. 
William said those things could see through the cloaking device. When he heard the loud explosion, he hurriedly got out of the closet, and swam out of there as ship was sinking. Sarah asked him whether there was another survivor, but he didn’t know. 
Paul contacted the rescue squad. But when they sent them, they couldn’t find William anywhere so they returned empty handed. James was baffled, wanted to search more, but Stein rejected that proposal.
“It is too risky sir, to further the search,” said Paul to James.
“Did William contact us again?” said James, impatiently.
“We lost him sir, he haven’t contacted us since the last radio transmission. We followed the signal which marked in the middle of the sea, but we have found no one,” Paul muddled.
“Maybe others are near somewhere,” said James.
“Sir, this wasn’t a typical operation, if we send a squad, we will expose ourselves to the enemy, and Captain Stein has ordered strictly not to reveal this mission and that was the reason why we hired the assassin to aid this job,” said Paul, calmly. James covered his head and start pulling it out.
“No news from the assassin?” James inquired.
“No sir.” answered Paul.
James took a deep breath, getting up from his seat.
“Let me know if something comes up,” said James.
“Of course, sir,” said Paul.
James walked past the news broadcasting about the second attack of the vessel in the southern sea, focusing on the involvement of the Assassins’ Chamber to route the public attention to the assassins.
“…Sharine Pestice, the legendary assassin, happened to be in the lost ship that was sunk in last night. The authority is investigating of the involvement of the Assassins’ Chamber. The cargo ship left the Idalian dock carrying military artilleries and bombs; according to the authority, Sharine Pestice was on a secret mission concerning…”
James shook his head and closed his eyes, which were dry and stiffened due to lack of sleep.

Chapter 22
The Lumberjack

Her heart was pumping, she was little amazed at the fact that it was pumping. For a long time she even forgot it was there. Not even since her childhood when the woman came off the roof and shook the ground as she hit the surface. Sharine remembers that moment when she just stood and stared at those dead eyeballs of a woman; she felt a cold and strange excitement.
She was a born killer. She drew her blazing gun like a machine and was referred to as the one of the walking dead. But now she feels different, her blood rushed through her vein; she felt the sweat coming out of her forehead.
She grabbed the rock, putting her feet on the dent spot. Sharine struggled, soaked with sweat, and pulled herself up on the top of the cliff. There is a dark forest with no sign of light. The air was getting colder, her lighter is wet.
“Shit,” she murmured. She thought about making a fire by rubbing branches, but she shook her head and just decided to walk to the forest, looking for any sign of life. She rambled and shivered. It was getting dark, the orange sunlight was disappearing.
“It is COOOOOOOLLDDDD…” she cluttered her teeth. Sharine shuddered, her eyes dimming and blurring. She was now in the open field where few trees stood, covered with tall grasses dancing with the wind. She sat to rest, leaning against the tree.
As the time passed, she felt cold and drowsy. And then she heard the car engine approaching near, the car light was shining. She observed in a distance, slowly lowered her posture. It was a truck.
“So this wasn’t the ghost island, where am I?” she mumbled.
There were men talking, Sharine looked at them, crawling toward them, trying to hear their conversation.
“I don’t know what is he talking about, the man is certainly mad, I see? He is just sitting there, killing people.”
Sharine stayed quiet, carefully moved toward them so she could hear them closely. Sharine pressed the branch and it broke; she stopped breathing. The men stopped talking for a moment. The cricket cried in the distance.
“What’s wrong?” said the man.
“No, I thought I heard something,” said the other.
“Are you going mad too? Damn it, I regret shipping in this island. After I get the money, then I’m out of here,” said the man, with a trembling voice.
“I agree. It is driving me nuts too,” replied the man.
Sharine wasn’t sure she should ask them for help or not. But she sensed danger in their voice, so she was reluctant. She went closer to them.
“Look, we are setting up a trap and now we are good to go, I don’t want to stay here, I’ve heard about some lumberjack dwelling in this area.”
“That is just a rumor.”
“It is indeed a disturbing story. He kills men by splitting his head in two.”
Two men looked at each other with a fear in their eyes.
“Come on, let’s go.”
Sharine ducked into a grass, so she cannot be seen. She is now watching them leave, her heart beats slowly now. She stood up, and started walking. She is trying not to black out due to fatigue and pain. The moonlight was dim; she could not feel her arm anymore. 
After hours and hours of walking, she saw the light. The orange torches flickered against the wind. She sincerely hoped it wasn’t the house occupied by those men she met before. So, Sharine decided to scout it first, gripping her knife, bent her knees and went on.
Splash!
She stepped on the water. She looked around, and saw many puddles. Sharine groaned with displeasure, feeling the mud entering her shoes. She walked slowly toward the light. Her mind is strangely getting clearer and clearer. She sees the house, it is the lodge; she gripped the braches tightly, feeling alive.
“Why didn’t I listen when they said to bring the extra submachine gun?” she came close, and saw the dark wooden door. She saw few footsteps marked around the door. Sharine smiled shrewdly.
“Now let’s see what kind of…”
Suddenly, branches rumbled behind her and her back went cold. Immediately she ducked, the giant axe swooshed right above her and stuck on the door. She swung her knife quickly and turned around. There was a dark giant man looking at her with the gleaming eyes and the haggard appearance.
The man took out another axe from his back.
“Great, he carries two of them,” Sharine groaned, she looked at him cautiously, her mind was unbelievingly clear, she stopped shuddering. She bent her knees slightly, clutching her knife, ready to attack.
The man seemed to be holding still. Without warning, he gushed toward her abruptly. She waited for the moment to strike, and the axe was swung. She dodged his axe and stepped aside, the axe was swung again, and she went behind the tree to block it. The axe was stuck, Sharine’s eyes became harsh, with a lightning speed she rotated and plunged her knife into the axe mans’ body. But she didn’t felt the skin or the blood. Instead, she sensed some kind of thick animal skin, ended up slashing only his clothes. He howled with a barbaric rage.
“Damn it.” Sharine whispered, hopeless. And the giant hand flew toward Sharine’s neck. Sharine was lifted up, hanging in the air, gasping to breath, struggling to swing her knife but it was no use. She was blacking out, she could only see that big black grizzly hair with a glowing eyes. She couldn’t see and she couldn’t hear, and everything went black.

Chapter 23
Titto’s Guilt

Nina was looking down at Veron in his bed. Veron opened his eyes and panicked, screaming what was going on. Titto started laughing at him and smiling with Melady. Veron attempted to run toward Titto but Nina hit him with the back of the rifle.
“Long time huh?” said Nina, smiling.
“Pol… Polchinski! You bitch!” bellowed Veron.
“Did you miss me? You have been looking for me ever since that night... when you slaughtered my whole family. Didn’t you Veron?” said Nina. Veron stuttered, filling with anger and fear, crying out for Valentine.
“She’s gone, Veron. She is the one who sold you out.” Nina smiled coldly, looking down at him, pressing his head against the bed frame. Veron heard Melady giggle.
“You you! I thought you are a mute!” squeaked Veron.
“Oh I just didn’t want to talk to you, dictator.” Melady giggled.
“Yeah, who would?” laughed Titto.
Veron’s head was boiling and spinning with an uncontrollable rage. He almost forgot Nina was there and tried to get to them, but Nina pressed him back with her rifle. Titto grinned as if he received a prize from her kindergarten teacher. Nina looked at Veron, aiming it toward his face.
“Even the world knows that all men are created equal. Now I tell you slave making bitches who think they are some gods from the ancient world. The bullet speaks truth and the world is a chessboard. Now good bye, Veron Komer, it was a pleasure,” said Nina.
The bullet fired, Veron screamed and woke up from his dream instantly.
He was in his room, it was only a nightmare. Veron was shaking. Melady got up too, alarmed, and was looking at Veron from the side of the bed as if he finally went nuts. Veron soaked with sweat, filled with rage and disgust. Tried to shake off the last image he had seen in a dream. Melady was now looking at him curiously, her big blue eyes blinking.
“You… You are a mute right?” said Veron. Melady frowned and nodded her head.
“She is a mute… She is a mute,” Veron murmured, laying back down and went back to sleep, snoring.
Titto heard the scream from Veron’s chamber, but ignored it, sincerely hoped that he was in a real danger. Titto was informed from the officers that Veron brought Melady back from the cell. Dim light was looming inside the room. He was nervously looking at the test tube containing silver liquid. On the table, there were passports, the traveling documents, and a cup tinted with coffee. Rain poured gently outside, cool breeze sneaked into the wooden walls. 
Titto wore his jacket, shuddered a little, and grabbed the cup to drink the last drop, only to realize it was empty. He touched a cylinder containing cold and delicate silver fluid. It was given to him from the underground laboratory. Titto met with the leading inventor who created this drug. His name was Jeffery Danver; he was an old skinny man who had a high shallow cheekbone.
Rain poured harder, growling thunder made disruptive noise. Titto didn’t know the full background of Danver, but only in secret he knew that Danver sold Simard Polchinski out. Titto was there when Simard violently objected the experiment.
‘Desire of power and wealth,’ he thought.
Initially, Danver came to this country for the pure purpose of saving lives and curing diseases, thought at the time that this drug will save the world. But the situation changed and it end up killing more, as it needed some sacrifices of people’s lives. But he couldn’t just give up on the drug and the thirty years of effort that he put it into inventing this drug. After he sold out Simard, he put all his energy to research, and finally, it is now inside this tube Titto is holding in his palm.
“I guess no one is perfect…” Titto murmured. He is now looking at the balance inquiry which he printed out from his bank, indicating his retirement money he received from Veron. Titto sighed in guilt, his soul is being tortured, but he cannot give up now, he went too far.
He sighed and looked into the file which they managed to retrieve it from Polchinski’s house after it got bombed. Simard managed to remove most of the valuable information; after the draining search the soldiers managed to find this paper, which seemed like it was from a diary of Simard Polchinski. It was half burnt, but it was still readable.
‘The coldness of wind grasped, it felt suddenly cold and all the horrible things came into my mind. Like a candle flickering in the storm, I’m keeping this on, trembling, and hoping the light will not go off.’
Titto sighed, and he heard a door knock. It was Valentine.
“My lady,” said Titto, little surprised seeing her at this hour.
“I saw the light coming out from your room,” Valentine smiled weakly, closing the door behind her.
“My lady, it’s late at night. You should rest for the day,” said Titto, with a concerned face.
“I’ve heard what my husband did to those poor young souls, I couldn’t sleep very well,” said Valentine, her voice mixed with exhaustion and affliction. Titto silenced, looking at her face. Her wrinkles have deepened and the eyes were sunken. Valentine opened her mouth.
“I heard a horrible thing about this Nina Polchinski from our officers. Nina is madly seeking revenge from Veron, and she kills everyone on her way,” said Valentine, Titto gazed at her bloodshot eyes. “And the fact states that every organization that is thought to be powerful and unbreakable, they did kneel before her. Like some pesticides blew up in an ant lair. Is she really out of her mind Titto? Is it possible for someone to be ignorant and cruel enough to discard one’s life and ours too?” 
Valentine’s face was full of shadows and disturbance. Titto didn’t know what to reply, so he stayed in silence. Valentine continued.
“One of my renowned psychologists, Dr. Whitefield says that Nina Polchinski lacks emotional part of her brain, suffered by the fear of abandonment and childhood trauma. Dr. Whitefield said all she left in her psyche after the constant distrusts and betrayers, was mere mechanical thinking. Titto, I’m frightened of this fiend! She needs to be removed, Titto! Removed Immediately!” 
Valantine talked really fast, Titto raised his palm in the air, gesturing to calm down. Valentine stopped talking.
“It will do no good, my lady,” said Titto, coldly.
“But… if she is schi… schisozof…” said Valentine, trying to remember the words she heard from Whitefield.
“Schizophrenic,” Titto corrected her.
“Yes! yes if she is schizafrac, we have to take her out! She will kill all my family and friends!” Valentine screeched, her eyes bulging out as if it is going to pop.
“… If she is indeed schizophrenic and be able to find patterns inside that delusional mindset, I’m afraid it is beyond my ability to outsmart her, my lady,” said Titto.
“But you can protect us from her… can you?” her voice trembled.
“I’m not sure, my lady.” Titto shook his head. Valentine grieved, sniffing and trying not to cry.
“What a horrible thing! She will use the youngsters who Veron killed as a weapon! She will use media and the public against us! To destroy us!!” Valentine screamed.
“She won’t do that, my lady,” said Titto.
“How… how do you know? If she has no emotion then…!” shouted Valentine, her vein in the neck was visible.
“My lady, she is not a heartless creature, I don’t know what Dr. Whitefield told you but he is dead wrong… She is a child.”
At this last comment, Valentine made a weird squeaking sound and stopped shaking. Tear formed inside her eyes, she put out her handkerchief and wiped her tears.
“Wish you good luck Titto,” she muttered and got out the room.
“Thank you my lady,” said Titto.
 

Chapter 24
The Shelter

Sharine slowly opened her eyes, groaning. 
“What is this…?” she murmured. She was on the bed. She felt an intense headache, her sight was blurring. She frowned at a bright sunlight. She turned around and heard a light metal sound.
“Is this some fetish freak?” said she, feeling a cuff against the bed frame. She struggled to get it off, looking for a sharp object. However, as she looked at the other arm, she stopped struggling. There was a bandage wrapped around her arm.
She felt the ground was moving, slowly with the creaking sound. She sensed it was the mooring area and she was in the vessel. The salty scent was mixed in the air. The water was splashing against it. The tide wasn’t too rough. 
There was one red leaf on the floor, enjoying the sunlight coming from the window; it just stayed right in the middle of the floor. Sharine saw the cuff wasn’t really new; it was rusty and rough on the surface. She didn’t bother to get free from it because it was peaceful, so she just left it and laid flat on the bed. Her wound calmed down, she breathed deeply.
She tried to remember that giant figure with the fur coat around his shoulders. He had the long fuzzy hair and the axe.
She heard a footstep along with the creaking sound from an old wooden floor, she slowly sat up. She saw the shadows moving from the gap on the wall. The door opened, Sharine was shocked and disappointed at what just came in. It was some old fragile man standing in front of her. He looked like a little goblin with no hair, came with the plate full of food.
“Ahh good…” said the old man, good naturedly. He left the steaming meat and vegetables on the bed. The old man smiled, making the weird moaning sound and walked away.
“Wa… wait!” Sharine shouted, and the old man glimpsed at her. “Where… where am I?”
But the man ignored her and went away with a light step. The door was closed. She was looking at the food, her mouth watering and stomach grumbling. But she was tied up, and her other arm was not moving. She tried to move the arm but the sharp pain buzzed her brain.
She stretched her leg and tried to reach the plate with the end of her toe. She bit her lips, grunting with frustration and after a while, she was able to move the food toward her. And without much of a thought she just plunged herself into the food. 
Sharine coughed and swallowed, hardly chewing. The meat was hard but she ate with all her strength. Her tear went down to her cheek, which she has almost forgotten that it was there.
The door opened again and she startled, looked up to see his haggard appearance with thick mustache, his two axes strapped on his back. Sharine sniffed and stared at him cautiously.
“I’m impressed, you stabbed me,” he said, showing the slash on his coat, with a huge, ugly smile. “You have been sleeping for almost a week. Are you with that pirates who arrived here recently?” Sharine didn’t say anything back to him. The man pointed finger at the Sharine’s arm.
“That was some nasty wound. I’m guessing you are their prisoners, and you escaped from them, right?” he said with his low gurgling voice.
“Yes,” said Sharine.
“You’re welcome. That old man cooked, he cooks one heck of a meal. By the way, I felt pretty bad when I got attacked by pretty girl like you! Well, if you weren’t so bad state, it would have gone into my skin. I mean, I’ll be the one who’s lying here,” he glanced at her. The man had moist, glittering eyes, and the yellow teeth. Sharine sensed that he was the lumberjack the men at the field were talking about.
“I saw the men on the way here. They talked about the man with the axe, living in the forest. Who are those guys, and who are you?” said Sharine, with a clear tone.
“Oh, there are many who look for me. You see, this island is pretty big,” he stood up and took out a tiny key from his pocket and walked toward Sharine. He unlocked the cuff. Sharine stretched her arm.
“So where did you learn how to fight? You are some vicious warrior,” he said, enthusiastically.
“I came from Cassandra, and you haven’t answered my question,” said Sharine.
“My name is Glock Russo, I’m from the village,” said him. 
“What do you mean the village?” Sharine frowned.
“Oh, didn’t those pirates told you?” asked Glock, confused.
“I’m a cast away, I’m with no one,” said Sharine.
Glock stared at her queerly, and grinned.
“What are you looking at?” said Sharine, frowning. Glock handed her a napkin. Sharine, little embarrassed, took it and rubbed her mouth.
“Outsiders call it The Village of Riddles. They call it like that because it has so many secrets. I won’t tell you now but soon you’ll know,” muttered Glock.
“My name is Sharine,” said she.
“Hello Sharine, I’m Glock,” said Glock, smiling. “You can relax; this is quite a safe place.”
“Safe place,” repeated Sharine, as if he is talking about some nonexistent word.
“So, where is this Cassandra? What is it like?” asked Glock, excitingly.
“It is a lurking ground of warlords, run by some retard. Everyday there are murders and executions. I kill for living. I was doing the work for one crazy woman, but things went wrong on the ship, and that is the reason I’m here,” muttered Sharine.
“Nah, that can’t be right,” said Glock.
“What is not… right?” said Sharine.
“There is no place on earth that is so bad. No… no of course not. I think you are making stuff up!” said Glock, cheerfully. Sharine merely stared at him. He laughed aloud.
“Get some rest,” he said, and stood up. Glock had a huge smile on his haggard face, and walked toward the door. At the door, he stopped abruptly, looking back at her.
“If you are feeling better, I’ll take you to the tour to the village,” said Glock and he went out.
She sensed that this is some floating woods the lumberjack guy held it together, it hardly was a ship. The pair of crickets was making sound somewhere near. She sighed, and put rest of the meat inside her mouth, munching.
“It’s going to be all right,” she said to herself, swallowed the food and collapsed onto bed and fell into a deep peaceful sleep.

Chapter 25
The Machina Suit

Krieg grabbed the hand full of potato chips and started munching it. On the nearby table, there was an orange goldfish puking bubbles, long poop lingering from its ass for half an hour now. Jessica brought it yesterday, excited about her new pet, and named it Goldie. She went to the engineering lab to test the machine suit again.
Grumbling, Krieg frowned at Goldie and turned on the discovery channel, showing Goldie a great white shark. Goldie didn’t seem to notice anything, her big dumb face just floated in the water. Krieg was glad that the machine suit project was almost done, although Jessica told Krieg it has a long way to go. Four days ago, there was an unfortunate accident with Dr Potts, who fell from the stairs and broke his leg, so he had to stay in the hospital wings for a while.
Jessica came in from the lab, looking for some machine part. She looked through her thick glasses at Krieg, shaking her head.
“Nina will be checking upon us soon,” complained Jessica.
“The suit is almost done, don’t worry about it. We can nail that thing,” said Krieg.
“Well, she seems to be late today. I wonder what’s gotten to her. I hope nothing serious,” mumbled Jessica. The door made a clicking sound and Nina walked in. Krieg pushed the remote controller and turned the television off. Nina appeared with her breezy hair and dark circle under her eyes, they could see the wrinkles at Nina’s forehead. Her mouth seemed to be bloated a little. Jessica was startled by her appearance.
“My teeth hurt…” murmured Nina, her eyes filled with tear.
“Oh,” said Jessica.
“I went to the dentist,” Nina frowned sharply, spilling her speech, “and… they drugged me. I couldn’t… aww!... concentrate. So I had to stop taking it.” Nina’s eyes were gurgling with tears. Krieg looked at Jessica with an expression that he knew this was going to happen, and turned to Nina.
“Suit is ready admiral,” he said.
“No, no it is not ready admiral, we still need to check details…” said Jessica.
“It,” said Krieg, interrupting her, “is quite ready, it will be available whenever you need it admiral. Now, can I offer you some bag of ice, I can just grab it from the medical room.”
Nina nodded, constantly making balloons with her left cheek to ease the pain. After Krieg brought the ice, Nina put it on her cheek. They went to the open area which looked like the junk yard where they sell the old machinery part. Jessica wanted to ask about current strategies which Nina had in her mind, because she sensed that Nina will go to war soon. In the last week, Stein requested the suit to be completed by next month. This left Jessica and Krieg work overnight and focus only on the suit. They’ve successfully functionalized the amplifier which gets synapses from the Central Nervous System, programmed to pick an appropriate behaviors regarding the length, speed and heat of joints when they contract and extend the muscle.
“Well, while Jessica thinks this beauty is incomplete. Let’s cut to the chase! Let us see for ourselves,” Krieg walked up to the thing covered in a white sheet, his eyes beaming with excitement. Nina stayed in silence, putting the ice bag on her jaw.
“Now, be aware… I mean behold, the vicious, the beautiful, magnificent, legendary machine, the world have yet seen. It is grand and marvelous…” said Krieg.
“Oh shut up Krieg,” interrupted Jessica, pulling the sheet away.
Nina looked at the machine, and bit disappointed as she was imagining some sexy robot suit. The suit wasn’t big, only slightly bigger than Stein, looked like one dirty little fur ball.
“It looks hideous,” murmured Nina.
Krieg scratched his head, looking at the suit. Nina gave Jessica the ice bag and stepped into the suit. Surprisingly, it grabbed with a great comfort. A motor rotated, locking her body like an exoskeleton of the insect, it has a soft spot on the inside. It sleeved in and locked in her body. The machine arm moved in a way Nina wanted.
“Oh,” said Nina, little shocked on how well it moved, forgot about the pain she was having on her jaw.
“It is a good stuff admiral,” said Krieg. Nina started walking with a suit. It made a humming sound, moving softly.
“It is just a basic helping suit, admiral, like an aiding device. It is extremely efficient, it requires almost no energy,” added Krieg.
“We are still working on the battery issue, admiral,” said Jessica.
“Manipulation task is complete. Amplifier from muscle, check, wrist connector, check, motor housing, check, operating system all right to go. Various size and shape can operate, aided by brain signals,” said Krieg.
“There will be some excess fluid rupture when damaged from outside, and if we can’t eliminate the rupture, we will be very vulnerable against the external forces,” said Jessica.
“Yeah, if you are hit by a tank shell,” sneered Krieg, arguing against her. “But this is awesome! More than your stupid goldfish!”
“What? I’m only stating the fact, and Goldie is not stupid!” hissed Jessica.
But Nina seemed to be not listening, fascinated by the movement and speed she started jogging and jumping with it. Grinning, she punched the big titanium fist into the air.

Chapter 26
The Delusional Genius

Alvin was looking at the news about the second attack of the ship in the southern sea. Veron banned any vessels traveling in the area. At that time Tasha was walking across the kitchen to get milk.
“Tasha?” said Alvin, hearing a jingling sound from her pocket.
“Yes Alvin?” said Tasha.
“How are things going with merchants?” asked Alvin.
“Oh, the business came to dull, people started to save more,” answered Tasha. 
“Good, good, I bet you know how the wealth flows now?” said Alvin.
“I’m closely looking at the copper price,” Tasha murmured sheepishly.
“And the reason is?” asked Alvin.
“They say copper is what Veron doesn’t regulate much like gold and silver. There are many merchants that were watching the price carefully,” replied Tasha.
“What have I told you about the price of the copper?”
“The value of what you get at the time when you sell.”
“So did you buy or sell?”
“No, I just listened to people and help them buy and sell,” said Tasha. Alvin smiled at her proudly.
“Good job,” said Alvin. Tasha smiled, her ear got red as she listened to the compliment. Alvin was actually the first person to encourage to her. Sometimes Diana did, but she’s too frustrated at the fact that Tasha doesn’t act like a lady.
“I’ll give you a tip Tasha, so mark it well,” said Alvin, sipping hot chocolate, taking out the coin from his pocket. Tasha observed the coin.
“Money is a combination of time, trust and a sheet of paper. It is nothing more, nothing less. Well, for me, I don’t trust people and I bet you don’t either, and I certainly don’t trust time. Because when I flip this coin,” Alvin flipped the coin into the air and caught it with his left hand, and showed Tasha his fist. “Then I do not know whether it is head or the tail,” Alvin grinned. 
“Who said that?” giggled Tasha.
“Nina,” said Alvin. Tasha eyes beamed at this because Alvin always refused to talk about Nina Polchinski whenever she asked about her. Alvin watched at the ceiling for a moment, being nostalgic.
“Why did you leave her, Alvin?” asked Tasha. Alvin looked at her for a moment and ignored the question.
“Well, the lesson is that, don’t trust money, but seek to make our lives better. If you do that, then you will start to dream. And that is what capitalism is all about,” said Alvin.
“Capitalism is democracy,” said Tasha.
“Nice way to put it, probably offensive to most people,” Alvin chuckled.
“One of the merchant told me,” Tasha smiled and drank the milk. And stood up and went up to the shelves. “Do you know where the Diana hides all the cookies?”
“Oh yes, on your left, a more, yes there, open it,” said Alvin, and Tasha opened the drawer and took out the peanut butter cookies.
“I’ll wake up Diana, now,” Tasha waved and went out.
Alvin glimpsed at the news again and turned it off. He stared at the window, thinking about how Nina is going to play this.
Alvin was convinced that Veron was mere puppet to Nina. Even with all the years spent with her, he couldn’t grasp the depth of her thinking. In Cassandra, she was sometimes referred to as a delusional genius. When Nina became the admiral and called Alvin to become the Captain of the Paratroopers Division. 
“I’m just a pawn; can you stand in the edge and become my king?” she said at the time.
After Alvin got promoted as the Captain of the paratroopers, he had many meetings with Nina about the operations. One day Alvin asked her about the theoretical basis of her strategies. He didn’t expect her to reveal anything, but Nina smiled and just told him about her theory concerning Veron. At this, Alvin was actually worried about poor Veron about the fact that he had to fight against Nina.
“Ok, before we get into this, Caravel, I’m going to make an assumption that there are only two type of memory, depictive and descriptive one. Although the reality is quite different, this is, I think, the best way to understand it,” said Nina to Alvin at the time,
“If the depictive, photographical memory is stored in the brain with unknown categorization, and only emotion can describe what it is, it will stay there until there are some logical and systematical ways to understand the pattern of what that actually is. Subconsciously, the brain will automatically focus on solving the thread. So, mere logical thinking is abandoned if the perception of senses has no meaning for the individual. Another assumption to make here is that the emotion is the memorization of event to avoid misconception in the future, whenever the subject does not have a control over the phenomenon. It is the most complex way to store the data that is currently unsolvable and unexplainable to the subject. In other words, it sits in the subconscious level until the brain is trying to figure out how to solve the particular problem,” said Nina, explaining it with a clear, wringing tone. She continued, 
“Again, Alvin, this is just my own understanding of the learning process, the reality is quite different. Well… ok, in this context, when you think about the nation under tyranny, the central government serves as a brain and it tries to control over people. Mostly in our case, it is done by a strict orders and restrictions to functionalize the whole country by dividing them to sectors. Inevitably, what happens in this situation is that they will desperately want to maintain control; else, it will break apart.
“Veron can make me an ally or seek to destroy me. Veron will try to control me and at the same time will show an erratic behavior not to be controlled by me. Basically, his mind is set to break and to destroy me while manage to facilitate their internal functions, which will inevitably leave him paranoid. But if you do this type of systematic thinking concerning the maintenance of his empire, you form a neurological barrier and store the emotions right behind it,” said Nina, grabbing the glass of orange juice and gulping it down. 
“What kind of emotions, Nina?” asked Alvin.
“I already told you, the obsession with maintenance. So, it means I can just remind him a slight indication of error and the weak spot. Then, they will have to reveal their valuable information to me because they are the part of the schematic process and can be triggered. Theoretically, they will reveal all the information I need to know to find their breaking point, so that, I can just play him like a puppet,” said Nina. She stood up slowly and went to the nearby desk and grabbed her cookie monster jar. She brought it with her and sat down in front of Alvin and started munching them.
“Does Veron know this?” asked Alvin.
“Well, partly, but he doesn’t understand very well. But his consultant, Slade Titto, knows this, and now as a countermeasure, he tries to teach soldiers to be brave upon death. Their goal is the complete control over their puppets. The disturbing fact is that Titto knows it is possible for the person to trade once life with death if certain condition is met,” said Nina, bitterly.
“What is that condition?” said Alvin.
“Simple, depriving a basic needs and rights of the human being and use it against the people. They are brainwashing people to have no water, no food, or no family, if you do not follow orders. So, while Veron orders his dogs to abuse people, he later comes to them like some sick distorted sense of mercy and constantly brainwashing them to think there is a way out only if they submit under him. It is the pure evil, that moron is trying to make himself a descendent of gods,” Nina stopped for a moment at that time, eating cookies with juice.
“Interesting,” said Alvin, having goose bumps on his skin.
“Yes, and sick,” said Nina.
“Well, there’s always an idiot who thinks he is a descendent of gods. I usually fed them my bullets,” Alvin chuckled.
“It is just a theory, Caravel, it’s completely bogus otherwise,” Nina giggled. “But, if we assume this is true, they are just like brainwashed zombies walking around. Then, they will do anything to kill not only us but all people who resist. They easily kill and rape women and children to maintain their power. They need a constant respect to reassure them they are ok and overreact when underlings do not show respect,” said Nina, bitterly.
“Indeed… all they think about is how to impose pain on subordinate, and getting pleasure by tormenting them and feeling superior to them,” Alvin muttered.
“Exactly Caravel, their house is phony and their work is no more than shit. I cannot stand their sense of sick superiority,” said Nina.
“…” Alvin stayed silenced.
“They are there to keep everything under control, and they have become exceedingly good at it. They live their life for their subordination and their sacrificial act to Veron. And exactly for this reason they have an ill sense of obsession toward neatness and orderliness. Their goal is to find a flaw in their subordinate and discipline who is responsible, all to make them feel powerful over weaklings. They surveillance one another, torturing political criminals and execute them. They check the protocol on an orderly basis, memorizing the hierarchical structure of the organization. Getting approval from the superior officers, commanding the underlings, and presenting the result again to the superior officers are the goal of their life. And the commanders, they are just ensuring the public that they care about the people and sacrificing for what is right for the country, and all that political bullshit. They will set up a scheme and lie with puppeteer, planning what bargain and business they might do to survive. They are at the top of the chain, and most likely to be engaged in a weaponry contracts, drugs, human trafficking, money laundering, counterfeiting, espionage and many others,” said Nina.
“Bitter truth,” said Alvin. Nina nodded once and continued.
“What we are doing here right now is to take out three groups of puppets. There are certain puppets who engage in creating advanced algorithms and various code and protocols; there are also spies who collect information from a highly secured area; and there are those who carry a classified data stored in their very brain. Breaking these puppets will inevitably end the regime. But puppets follow orders, and the way to make puppet useless is to influence on those who give the order, on what to develop, to create an inferior system. In other words, slight manipulation of depictive knowledge will trigger the wrong neuron pathway, and to the inferior system. The most obvious linking comes from the prolonging, stability, greater bargain or power to threat. The wrong linking of the object means decision making process become lousy. Wrong type of system will create the gap, which sometimes becomes big enough to sneak the rats inside. If you read the pattern of schematic, by closely looking at the objective and its function, the whole system can be hacked. And if the whole system is hacked, the regime will be under my control.”
Nina gulped the rest of her juice, Alvin felt his spine went cold, seeing a Nina sitting in front of him, hardly believing those words just came out from this little girl.
“Nina,” muttered Alvin, gazing at Nina.
“Yes, Alvin?” said Nina, munching cookies again. Alvin suddenly kneeled with one knee, as if he is doing homage.
“It’s an honor,” said Alvin. Nina startled, blushing, didn’t know what to do.
“Oh… Oh, shut it Caravel, I’m just a little girl,” snorted Nina, laughing nervously, stood up and grabbed her cookie monster jar.
“I’ll see you around.” Nina smiled.
Alvin breathed in deeply at that time, he liked Nina and loved working there, although now he lives with Diana and children and hoped that with some miracle it would stay that way. But in case of war, he will never let that little girl fight Veron by herself.
The sun rose, he heard the woods creaking from above. Diana came down from the stairs. She smiled at Alvin with a messy hair, seeing that he was already having a freshly brewed coffee. She poured herself a coffee too, enjoying the scent for a while.
“Pancakes?” said Diana with drowsy eyes, laughing softly.
“I’ll make it dear,” said Alvin, putting the newspaper on side.
“Oh, I’ll get some apple then, I’m going to bake an apple pie!” said Diana, cheerfully.
Diana went to the backyard to the apple tree near the pond. It rained in the early morning; the whole pond was blue and clearer than ever. She felt good, standing nearby an old wooden box which Alvin threw out yesterday. Ducks were flying. She breathed in the clean air, and approached an apple tree.
It has been a week since that horrifying event. Tasha seemed to be extra happy today for no reason. Jake emerged from behind and sat down, starting to put pancakes into his mouth. Alvin was writing a play for a school.
“Aren’t you going to play fairy at school, Alvin?” asked Jake.
“Jake, I’ve already told you. If you call me fairy one more time, I’ll poke your eyes out,” grunted Alvin, eating the pancakes dressed with honey. Tasha came down too, drooling, and sat down on the chair.
“What are you writing Alvin?” said Tasha.
“It is about some fairy. And it is afraid of height so she cannot fly,” answered Alvin.
“A fairy?” asked Tasha, awkwardly, grinning.
“Yes, a fairy, not fairy, it’s a fairy,” sighed Alvin.
“Well, don’t blame us, in orphanage we were first heard of the tale of fairies rather than fairy tales,” giggled Tasha, eating pancakes.
After breakfast, Tasha urged Jake to go explore to the new tunnel he have found last week, which Alvin indicated during the conversation they had. There were no chores for today, they ran toward the city.
“Come on! Come on Jake! You are not going to miss anything, come on!” said Tasha.
“Wait for me!” said Jake, catching his breath. “You are running like a wild boar.”
“Shut up, the hot chick like me? One day my prince will come and we can ride horses into the field, and dance like couple madly in love!” shouted Tasha. 
“Whatever,” he grumbled. “So, what is this tunnel leads to?”
“Oh,” Tasha smiled, and pointed at the cliff where Veron’s institution was.
“You are kidding,” said Jake. “You want to go there?”
“Yeah! Why not? You are the one who wanted to go,” said Tasha.
“Yeah, but I want my leg attached to my body, how are we going to get through the mine field?” asked Jake. 
“I said I’ve found a tunnel, what have you been listening?” said Tasha, running, and Jake followed her.
“Look look, if they catch us, then they will kill us!” said Jake, painting.
“We won’t be caught then! Those rich kids, they are like little creatures that can’t climb and run through the buildings like we do! They are weak Jake!” shouted Tasha.
“I thought you didn’t want to explore there!” yelled Jake.
“I changed my mind, I want to find out what are they doing up there!” said Tasha.
“Uhh, I don’t know,” said Jake, concerned.
“Now come on, it is like an adventure, write a play like Alvin does,” smiled Tasha.
“What?” 
“Come on, we are playing, me and I are pirates! What shall we do?”
“Uhh, catch them and throw them into our ship?” said Jake, awkwardly.
“That’s lame, Jake!”
“Ok then, we shall eat their flesh like bunch of zombies on the green field!”
“Well, let’s go with that first one; we are getting the crew for our Viking ship, we tied the woman tied to the mast!”
“Ok then, what shall we seek? Where the treasure lies? Is it on the end of the earth or the deepest sea? Where is this place that doesn’t appear on our naked eye?” exclaimed Tasha, jumping around.
“Aye Aye captain, friend we searched days and days on this earth but there’s only shit turtles and smelly fishes in our sight. We shall look for the treasure that hides in a black chest. It lies on this deep blue sea.” 
“Now, row your boat you bunch of maggots.”
“Let other do the work, I shall held a post!” bellowed Jake.
“No no, Mr. Mammoth, all crews are dead, they drank too much sea water. They puked and puked to be dropped on the floor.”
“Because we are betrayed by those barbarians in the northern gates, they threw a rock salt into our drinking water!”
“Horrible, horrible, what shall we do? What shall we do? Aye aye Captain, my arm is ready, but my head is dull, my feet are swollen and my leg is shaking. Now row and row, and let the wind blow us away!”
“Sail away Mr. Mammoth, sail away. For what is life, other than lying on under this horribly cruel, scorching sun but yet so beautiful before it is gone?”
“That was good.” muttered Jake.
“Yeah? Do you think so?” said Tasha, excitingly.
The children giggled and entered the old abandoned tunnel.

Chapter 27
The Village

Sharine went outside and found out they were inside the cave. Although sunlight was shining from above, from the big hole, it was not possible for anyone to climb over and go up to the surface. 
“Rise and shine Sharine,” said Glock, grinning.
The cool air from the gigantic cave came from one side. Sharine sensed the tides, the low grumbling of water swinging the vessel. There are huge sucking sounds coming out from in the furthest corner of the cave. Glock threw a sandwich to her. She caught it in the air. 
“Nick made it!” shouted Glock. He fastened the extra rope to the rock pillars to hold the vessels in place.
“Who?” Sharine shouted.
“The skinny old man who gave you the breakfast this morning!” said Glock.
“Oh yeah! Where is he?” Sharine frowned at the sandwich, getting nauseated from the huge wave. She jumped to the rock nearby.
“He’s finishing up the cargo! Should come back by now!” said Glock, he carried some small boat from the hole in the cave, and splashed it under the water.
“Uhh, is that for a ride?” said Sharine, looking at the piece of woods a flattering against the black water.
“What, you think this boat can’t handle three people? She is pretty strong, although quite old,” muttered Glock. “If it doesn’t work out, we can hang Nick on the back with the rope!” 
At that time, Nick appeared from the hole above and dived in, hardly splashing the water. Nick looked like some orange fish leaping and playing in the water.
“It is time to go Nick!” Glock roared. He was now on the small boat, swinging his big hands at Nick like a hungry bear. Nick grabbed Glock’s hand and Glock snatched him from the water. Nick almost flew into the air and landed right in the middle of the boat, grinning, waving at Sharine to come.
“Come on Sharine, you don’t want to miss the ride!” shouted Glock.
Sharine jumped to the boat, it swung! Glock started rowing with the massive wooden paddle, Nick carried out the big lamp hiding in the boat; it was about the size of his head. Nick, filled with excitement, shone the lamp at the dark side of the cave; the pile of bats startled and flew outside of the cave. Glock laughed loudly he sailed his boat with the cool breezing wind from the back.
After a while, Glock stopped at the rocky places, he stepped into the shallow water and tied the boat on the rock pillar. With a splashing sound they walked through the cave, Glock’s massive foot squirted on the water. Three went deeper into the cave. After a long dark trail, the land became higher, and the ceiling became lower, Sharine felt like she is being compressed. Glock was grumbling as he had to crouch to get through, but they’ve saw the light coming out of the end of the cave, Chris turned off the lamp and walked faster. The light became brighter and brighter, eventually, Sharine stepped outside, feeling the gush of wind and the brightness. She saw the forest and the green meadow, and in the place not far, she saw the village. They walked toward the grass full of daisies and violet, trigs made a snapping sound.
It was a very small village which Glock showed the way. Most of them were small houses and huts; there are few shops and restaurants, also barns and farms. 
“Nick has to drop by the tower. Bye Nick.” Glock handed Nick some small device, Nick grabbed it, grinning and bowed to the Sharine, as if hosting a show, and ran to the corner of the street and disappeared.
“Nick can talk, right?” asked Sharine.
“Oh yes, he is just shy, normally he is really talkative,” said Glock. There were few cows mooing for milk, the man with a giant scissor was greeting at them.
“Hello there Glock!” shouted the man,
“Hello Simon. Cutting your yard eh?” said Glock.
“Yes I am, these trees are breeding nasty insects. Got yourself a girl, I see? Welcome lady!” he chuckled and tried to cut the thick trigs with his massive arm.
“His name is the Simon, the gardener,” said Glock
Sharine looked at him, looked overly muscular. As he was frustrated at the trig not cutting well, he grabbed the saw started kicking the trees, a group of sparrows flew away from the tree.
“Did you get the chainsaw I’ve asked? It’s broken!” Simon grunted.
“I already gave you the chainsaw,” said Glock.
“Yeah, that one broke few days ago! I see those merchants are selling us shit!” Simon shouted, struggling and eventually cutting down the thick branch of the tree. It made a massive sound as it came down. Simon wiped his forehead with his towel.
“Just hang in there Simon, only six month left to go!” Glock chuckled, tapping Sharine’s shoulder and walk passed him. Simon grumbled. 
“We trade some goods with the foreigners every six month. When you were asleep, I had to straddle around more to confirm the quantity,” said Glock to Sharine.
“Uh huh, are they hostile? I mean that is some heavy clothes you are wearing,” murmured Sharine.
“Oh yes, it is! It is strong, can protect me from the bear claws!” said Glock, hitting his chest with his massive fist.
“Is this town supposed to be hidden from outside?” said Sharine looking at the thick trees beyond the village.
“It is not perfect. But yes, we put our every effort to make it that way. The town was designed by the man named Ricky Guido, who we often refer to him as the Riddle Man. It required a great amount of planning and resources, he spent all of his wealth to build it. After he bought this huge island, he said he is going to build a resort of some kind, for his retirement. He ended up spending all his wealth to build this town. Ricky must have been lonely for all those years. His wife died many years ago, and he had no children. Ricky used to live in a big castle, which he said it had a beautiful ceiling, only comfort he had was to stare at it when having a break from his work. But now, he lives here and adopted three children.” said Glock.
Sharine nodded, although the village just looked like a poor refugee camp, she didn’t ask further about the village; she smelt a freshly cut grass everywhere in the town, and sharply cut down woods. 
“And that’s a café, it is small but the food is the best. Ha! It has some nice view of the sunrise from there! And the cargo ship left the dock a week ago. It will come after six month. I’ll take you to the merchants if you want to leave,” Glock chuckled and tapped Sharine’s back, with his huge hands.
“So I have to stay here about six month?” questioned Sharine, frowning.
“Yes.” Glock grinned.
“Great,” said Sharine.
“I’m talking to my good old friend, Rove; he runs hotel and also the restaurant on the first floor. But you just ate, and I’m pretty sure they have a room there,” said Glock.
“Does he take gold?” said Sharine, reaching inside her pocket to see how much money she had it on her, making a jingling sound. 
“No need. Rove is my good old friend,” Glock waved his big hand.
“But if there is anything to help…” murmured Sharine.
“Just, get your arm healed, alright?” said Glock.
“Ok there is a town hall, that big ugly tower, has a quite contrasting look than the rest of the town. But there it is; we did a little election too! But well, it supposed to change every five years, but no one wants to work there anyway, so the current holder is just sitting there for seven years now,” Glock chuckled, pointing at the old wooden building. “And there is the hunter’s chamber! They provide us with food they caught from outside. Also they bring some treasures.”
“Treasures?” Sharine inquired.
“Yes! you’re interested aren’t you?” said Glock, excitingly.
“Why are there any treasures around here?” said Sharine, curious.
“You’ll know it soon. Well, it is fun to hunt wild boars or deer. I’ll take you to the hunters’ club, surly you got the talent for it! They are pretty proud and stubborn. They won’t let you work there unless I go with you, especially with that arm.” Glock smiled.
Sharine just kept walking along with him, seeing the sunlight coming through the leaves in the tree.
“Aha!” exclaimed Glock, pointing at the square building in the front, Sharine startled. “This is an herb garden; they sell herbs to help you recover. I have enough to treat yours though; she gave the nice herbs before I left this town, in case something goes wrong while bargaining with those merchants. Well, sometimes the merchants can get mad and start shooting at us. Whatever, the thing you had inside your arm was pretty messed up! Nick almost passed out when I made him to hold your arm. It looked like a hook. After hours of bloody mess, we managed to pull it out,” said Glock, with a little disgusted look,
“You saved my life,” said Sharine.
“Nah, I do it all the time when I catch a wild boar,” murmured Glock. “You should visit the herb garden, she loves newcomers! And around the corner over there, there is a shop which sells weaponries. They sell all the stuffs you need for hunting. And I guess that is about it… Oh, don’t go out in the town alone, it is pretty dangerous.”
“Do you mean I should be afraid of wild animals?” said Sharine, smiling.
“You’ll find out soon enough, if you do want to go out, go join the hunters’ club. They are blunt blockheads, freedom intoxicated people,” Glock’s eyes gleaned with excitement.
Glock later got her a small, cozy room with a bed with the reading table. Sharine thought the structure of the town was bit odd. But she didn’t sense anything bad, but only excitement and hope. 
Somewhere in her mind, she had it too. She couldn’t wait to see what tomorrow will bring! She knocked herself on the bed, staring at the ceiling and fell asleep.

Chapter 28
The Paradigm Shift

Nina hasn’t got out of her office for weeks now. James was getting concerned. From time to time he went to Nina’s room to refill the cookies which Madam Wanda baked. Nina, as if she’s gone mad, just sat there on her chair looking at her puzzles. James was startled every time when he saw her with a chaotic hair, doubting her sanity. James gave her the briefing for the day, and left it on her disorganized table with piles of papers.
When he got out and saw Stein passing by, James waved his hand. Stein, as usual, frowned at James.
“Hello Stein. I’ve been informed that some of our undercover units were exposed to the enemy,” said James, scratching his head.
“Yes I’ve heard,” grumbled Stein. “We took them out, although one of our officers got injured… there was no harm done.”
“Should we alert other agents in the field too?” asked James.
“It is not necessary,” said Stein. James stared at him, as if protesting.
“All right Stein, very well,” said James, sarcastically.
“Yes, James, I’ll see you around…” muttered Stein, his eyes sparkled. James was actually amazed at his calmed down attitude. But he realized that Stein too was very distressed; the collar of his shirt was tilted, and the button of his neck was missing. Stein cleared his throat, and whirled around and walked down the hallway. James was staring at him, reproached.
“Stein, wait!” bellowed James.
“Is there something more James?” sneered Stein, frowning slightly.
“Yes, I have a question… what is Nina doing Stein? Do you have any idea?” asked James, he sensed the high, raised-up voice of his, unable to control.
“No,” said Stein, rigidly.
“What, none?” said James, blushing.
“No, James, I do not know what in the world she is doing,” said Stein.
“Seriously Stein, don’t hold it back, I’m going nuts here,” said James, angrily.
“Well, there is nothing we can do James,” said Stein. 
“Of course we can! We have every information he ever talked and all the data! But he is not that stupid Stein, he sensed something was very wrong here; he increased the surveillance in the market place and training got frequent!” shouted James.
	“We do not have sufficient data,” Stein shook his head. “Do you think we can just march into Veron’s chamber and take him out?”
“No, no! But then what? Is it even possible to win this war? We are hopelessly outnumbered! If Veron finds out about our units spying his regime, we are doomed! We have to work fast Stein!” shouted James, his voice echoed in the deserted hallway.
“Get back into whatever you are doing James,” said Stein, coldly. James grunted angrily, grabbing his fists so hard it became whitish. He moaned in pain and walked away. Stein sighed and stared at his back. A moment later, Nina slowly came out from the door with a sad face. Stein looked at Nina, concerned.
“Admiral, did you heard…” muttered Stein.
“Thank you Captain,” sighed Nina, looking at James who just disappeared from the corner. “I understand that everyone is frustrated, I’m doing the best as I can,” said Nina, dark circle looming under her eyes.
“We are on the same boat, admiral, you are not alone. If there’s anything I can help, I’m happy to help you,” said Stein.
“… You are kind Stein,” said Nina. “But I have to do this Stein, it is almost done. Soon the suit will be ready, and then I can pull this out.”
“Admiral, even if we have those, it is…” said Stein.
“I know,” said Nina, smiling.
“Are you sure we can win this?” said Stein. At this, Nina gracefully put her hands on her hip.
“Positive,” said Nina. Stein sniffed and rubbed his nose slightly, nodding.
“Well, if you are sure, then it will be good, admiral,” Stein chuckled. “I still remember when you were a child and still learning how to build strategies. Do you still remember about the carrots and sticks which I’ve told you?”
“Of course Stein, how can I forget? You told me over and over,” giggled Nina. “The puppeteer has to know how to use the carrot and stick. If puppeteer has too many carrots and sticks than others, then one forces others to become his puppets and, uhh,” and Nina stopped, trying to think, glimpsing at Stein shyly. Stein smiled and helped her remember.
“The easiest strategy to beat the puppeteer is to give him to have more carrots and sticks, because if there are too many, it is extremely hard to deal with. But if the puppeteer stubbornly pursues stability rather than expansion, the only way is to enter right in the middle so the carrots and sticks won’t affect you. If one can do that, then…” said Stein.
“Then, one has the power to shift the whole paradigm,” said Nina, interrupting him.
“Exactly, admiral,” Stein smiled, and tapped Nina’s shoulder.

At that time, Tasha and Jake were running, and saw the light coming out from the broken gap of the tunnel. Tasha grabbed the gap and jumped outside, Jake struggled so Tasha gave him a hand, lifting him up. After Jake got out, he looked up, and amazed at the big metal structure right above the hill. Tasha closed Jake’s jaw, and ran toward the hill to climb; Jake followed. The sun was hanging in the middle of the sky, giant rays glared against the black metal pillar.
On the top of the hill, they peeked and saw the children with uniform playing inside.
“Well, this is great, now we get to watch them play,” complained Jake.
Tasha and Jake looked at each other. “You know what we are going to do?” said Tasha, with a naughty smile.
“No,” replied Jake.
“We are going to slip in and steal their uniform!” exclaimed Tasha.
“No, Tasha,” said Jake shaking his head.
“What? Are you scared?” said Tasha.
“No, no I’m not,” muttered Jake.
“Pussy, you are a scardy cat!” Tasha put out her tongue.
“I am not!” Jake yelled.
“Come on, it’ll be fun Jake. Now we can steal their clothes and they can have our clothing instead,” said Tasha.
“I said no!” shouted Jake.
“Gee, you sound like Diana,” Tasha mumbled.
“Shh… be quiet, someone’s coming!” Jake quickly lowered his stature. They were round chubby boys holding sands on their hand. Their body looked like some rotten bloated fish. They laughed and sniggered, making a snorting sound.
“Hey Jake?” Tasha poked Jake.
“What?” hissed Jake.
“Do you think when Alvin explained to us about gay, do you think he meant them?” said Tasha.
“More like a pedophile,” replied Jake.
“No, it’s not, you stupid! I don’t know why Alvin calls you smart!” shouted Tasha.
“He never talked about gays, all I know is that he said, ‘kids, in this world, there are boys, girls and those in between,’” said Jake.
“I’m pretty sure he meant gay, Jake, or maybe some girls have penis,” replied Tasha.
“No, stupid,” sneered Jake.
“Shut up Jake,” hissed Tasha.
“Whatever, do you think those kids are learning the same thing?” questioned Jake.
“Of course! Now! That’s enough gibberish! We got to find out, how can we get the uniform from them?” said Tasha.
“Let’s tell them we are from outer space,” suggested Jake.
“Yeah right,” said Tasha, sarcastically.
“How about we are from the planet mars and we will blow their mind?” said Jake.
“No,” said Tasha.
“Ok, then, do what that dumb woman who always standing in the alley. She succeeds every time,” suggested Jake.
“No, she’s stupid,” snapped Tasha.
“It works though,” said Jake, plainly.
“Oh all right, let me do the talking,” murmured Tasha. She got up and marched toward the boys.
When they saw her, their minds were blown. One of them dropped the jaw and other dropped the sand. Tasha stopped in front of them and shouted.
“Hello boys. Are you feeling lonely tonight?” said Tasha, awkwardly. The boys merely stared at her, dumbfounded.
“Are you feeling lonely tonight!” shouted Tasha, as if she is saying magic words. They looked blue and green, not believing what is happening, their mouth half open, one drenching from his mouth.
“We are from mars!” she roared. One of the boys start running and the other boy followed. Tasha scratched her head. Jake slowly came toward her.
“See? I told you, that chick is stupid.” Tasha teased Jake.
“Now what? Great, now we can’t get the uniform,” said Jake, sadly. Tasha groaned.

Chapter 29
Peace

Duck sleeps under the sun, catches the fish in the pond and walks around on the ground, quacking. People throw bread at him in delight. He got his wife and they live in a house. He has foods for him and his wife and also for their children. I envy them, hoping that I will live like that someday. They sure are greedy when I threw the bread; wife just ditched her husband to eat the bread. But nevertheless, they were free.
 – The Riddle Man’s Diary

Sharine opened her eyes. Her clothes were drying on a line across the room. The sunlight shone, there were stain of water on the floor. She didn’t want to visit the hunters’ club in pajamas, so she stayed for the day to do the laundry and read magazines which she took from the counter. Sharine still needed to fix her pistol. It was making a sound as if some parts are wandering inside the body. Hopefully, she had enough money on her to fix it. She did not want to change her pistol.
She was curious about the riddle man, Ricky Guido, who built this strangely peaceful village. The hunters’ club seemed exciting enough. She could pay back Glock for everything he has done for her. She was glad that her left arm got shot instead of the right; she could still lift her gun. Her stomach grumbled. She stood up, and walked down the hallway to grab something to eat.
There was an engraved wooden frame which hung on the wall, it was written,
“The place where the birds with a broken wing hide and rest.”
Sharine felt relaxed, feeling all her senses come to life.
“I put that on there since the birth of this village,” said the voice from her back. Sharine turned around and saw the middle age man cleaning the glass with the white handkerchief.
“Didn’t know you were there,” said Sharine.
“Good day, traveler. I didn’t expect any customers. They don’t usually come here around this time, especially with that kind of wound,” said the man, smiling kindly.
“I’m Sharine, thank you for letting me stay here,” said Sharine.
“Call me Rove. Glock left some of the herbs for you,” The man pushed a wooden box toward her. Sharine was actually uncomfortable at this because it was too different from Cassandra. She was actually thanking Glock and Rove for not raping her.
“When there are festivals, this place will be packed. If you are around, you’re welcome to visit our party. Last year, they brought bunch of fireworks, I had to stop them from burning this place down,” Rove chuckled.
“Sounds nice,” said Sharine, glimpsed at the coffee mug, white vapor formed the whirlwind into the air.
“So, the merchant ship is gone, it will come back after six month. Hmm… hopefully you stay here, love to keep the company,” said Rove. 
“Thank you very much. Actually, I was looking for some place to earn wages,” said Sharine.
“Oh? What are you good at my dear?” said Rove. Sharine didn’t want to say she was an assassin. She thought for a moment.
“Hunting, sir,” said Sharine.
“I see… that wound you got there. It wasn’t a coincidence,” his eyes sparkled.
“Yes, but I still don’t get it why is it dangerous to walk around outside of village,” said Sharine. Rove put the glass on the shelves and took another from the sink to wipe it off. The drop water dripped to the floor. The glass squeaked in his palm.
“It is because that good old Ricky spent all the money to build this village, but as the village is hardly visible from outside, people thought he just hid the money in the island. After they’ve found out that Ricky vanished in this island, gravediggers, pirates, bandits and other curious adventurers came to this island just to find where the treasure lies. Ricky’s business was related to mining precious metals, although he doesn’t care much now… He goes fishing with his neighbors in his little boat. You’ll see him walking around if you are here for a while.” said Rove.
“How long did it take to build this village?” asked Sharine.
“Guess,” said Rove.
“It does look like he built it within a month,” said Sharine, looking over the window and shabby houses. Rove chuckled.
“It took more than twenty years. It might not look like it but, yes, it took twenty years… So, are you off hunting for a treasure?” said Rove.
“I’m not interested in treasures,” said Sharine with a shadowy look, as it reminded of her past.
“Hmm… I see, but how about the riddles my dear?” Rove grinned.
“Riddles?” said Sharine.
“Ricky is referred in this town as the Riddle Man. When you go around his maze, it will be an exciting adventure. There are so many stories in this island that is hidden from outside. I’ve heard from Glock that you can take care of yourself, he told me he had a quite an interesting encounter with you,” Rove chuckled. “But when you ever go outside of this town, check the town hall first and bring someone with you to watch your back.”
“I’ll do that,” said Sharine, little unsure what was he talking about.
“Well then, good luck my dear. You can always come back here,” he said. Sharine went upstairs, seeing that her clothes dried. She threw the pajamas on the bed and put on her clothes. She went out the hotel. She was trying to remember where the hunters’ club was. But first, she needed a gun. She was heading toward the weaponry shop.
Under the sun, the children giggled run around in the field. There was young couple tanning their skin. The man fetched the ball, and some dog caught it. The dog ran around, dripping saliva. The town wasn’t big at all, smaller than the usual town. She went passed by the pond but she didn’t see anyone fishing there. The land beyond the village seemed dark and mysterious. For now Sharine did not wish to get out of this peaceful village. 
As she was walking past the café, she heard the familiar voice.
“Sharine!” it was Glock, waving from the café, talking with the waitress who looked at Sharine curiously. The café was mainly built in woods, with unknown artists paintings on the wall. In the outdoor, it had a silver aluminum chairs and tables, covered by white and dark green parasols. 
“She just likes to open when the sun comes out. Often times when it rains, she just closes the shop without telling us,” said Glock, laughing good heartedly.
“I love that, I’m Sharine,” Sharine laughed.
“Nice to meet you, I’m Molly,” said the waitress, smiling, handing her the menu. “We have coffee, tea, fruity drinks and ice sundae. It is all local, by the way. From cow’s milk to everything! All the way!”
Sharine saw Glock’s plate and saw the half eaten ugly chocolate chip cookie.
“I’ll get that,” Sharine pointed at the cookie and glimpsed at the menu, “and the green tea.”
“Right away!” shouted waitress cheerfully and went into the shop.
“So, what’re you doing here Glock?” said Sharine, grinning.
“What? I always come here, you are the newcomer,” chuckled Glock, drinking a beverage with a scent of a honey and pumpkin.
“So what did you do for a living before you came here?” asked Glock, biting a cookie. It was far from the quiet café, there were loud conversations heard from other table, even a song. Molly was now busily walking around with roast mutton and the honeycomb salad.
“I… did politics,” murmured Sharine.
“Oh… Did you work for the government?” said Glock, little surprised at the unexpected answer.
“No,” Sharine smiled charmingly. “I piss some of them off, and others happen to love that.”
Glock stared at her for a moment and burst into laughter.
“Must been nice,” said Glock, grinning, grabbing his mug gulped in his drink.
“You have no idea,” said Sharine. “So, how about you? Do you just trade once in six month and that is it?”
“I’m a gate keeper,” Glock grinned. “Some of the hunters help me take a break but mostly it is my work.”
“Explains a lot about your axes, is your village under attack by bunch of tribes?” Sharine laughed.
“No, not tribes, it’s not human,” muttered Glock. Sharine stopped laughing.
“What?” said Sharine, frowning.
“Well, it is not human, at least they don’t look like one,” repeated Glock, drinking juice again.
“I came here because I was on the ship that was attacked by some creatures;” said Sharine, with a little harsh voice. “Is this anything to do with what is happening here?”
“Now now, calm down Sharine,” said Glock, with an apprehensive look. “Look, village is safe, alright? And there is no rush, you’ll find out soon enough.”
“…” Sharine silenced, little cautious.
“Relax, will ya?” Glock tapped Sharine’s shoulder. “I’ll tell you when the time comes, alright? There is nothing you can do even if I tell you now.”
“I’m sorry,” said Sharine, seeing Glock’s concerned face. Molly came with the chocolate chip cookies and the tangerine tea. She stopped right next to Sharine.
“Oh, long time no see,” said Molly, half jokingly toward Sharine, and said, “Here’s your orders ma’am!” and she went away.
Sharine drank the tea, still awkward about this peaceful atmosphere in the town.
“Well, this is peaceful, almost ridiculous,” she murmured.
“What? You never had this on your neighborhood?” said Glock.
“Yeah, it’s a lot fancier, full of businessmen with sunglasses, a wine and steak, sure,” said Sharine.
“Then, it’s the same?” asked Glock.
“If your guard is down, they shoot you and take your wallet,” murmured Sharine.
“Huh…” Glock chuckled. “I see I see, but you are still young, apparently got some guts. So you want to explore some more in this world?”
“No, I’m good. I had enough of that shit,” Sharine muttered, gulping her drink. She smiled and looked at the sky. Glock drank all of his juice, its sweet smell of pumpkin spice spread. The sparrow dived, flying across the chairs.

Chapter 30
The Kid’s Game

Tasha and Jake were standing in front of the massive iron structure, still indecisive about whether to move on.
“You always said to me that you want to be a detective right?” said Tasha. She was trying to convince Jake to play more, as she didn’t want to go home.
“Well, yeah...” said Jake.
“Well then! Here’s your chance! Use what Alvin taught us! Create a game for me and let’s solve it together!” shouted Tasha.
“Create a game?” asked Jake.
“Yeah, you know his methods! What did Alvin told you about the game?” exclaimed Tasha.
“… Many?” muttered Jake.
“Do you remember the school play we had?” inquired Tasha.
“Which one?” asked Jake.
“The land is far away. The peace in the air feels like the calm before the upcoming storm! Now let us see where, let us observe! We row the boats as we go!” said she, as if giving a recitation.
“Oh, yeah, I remember it now,”
“Of course! Come on, do you really want to go back and live a boring life? Or, do you have guts to do something other than ordinary?” said Tasha, look amused. Jake thought for a second and still unsure, looked at Tasha. Her eyes were beaming madly.
“Ok! First, we need players!” he shouted.
“Ok!” exclaimed Tasha.
“We need a criminals and victims.”
“We’ll put it there!”
“Criminal is hiding on a mysterious room! They are scheming in the dark room to lure victims in!”
“Yes! Yes! Now how does he do it? How does he set a trap? How can he make sure the detective cannot get to him?”
“First layer is always balanced. So, if someone moves unpredictably, then it would be a very bad choice; in order to get to the abnormal behavior, we need a new player!”
“Who is this new player Jake? Who is it?”
“It will be a shame to reveal it now. It will become a spoiler!”
“Is it family? Relatives? Friends or even more strangely, it is detective himself? How many players are we seeking?”
“The stage is there, students walking in uniform; they go into the school so that we cannot get to them. I guess we are the criminals and they will become a victim! Now tell me how do we get in Tasha? We have to be invisible so they cannot see us!”
“We’ve already solved that, steal their uniform!” said Tasha.
“So, who do we need?” asked Jake.
“We’ll see!” shouted Tasha and dashed toward the school door, Jake chased her. Everyone in the field was bamboozled by them.
“They spotted us!” Jake exclaimed.
“Of course they spotted us! Run!” shouted Tasha. They were inside the school. They hid in the corner under the stairs. Students moved in herd, walking around with their heavy backpack.
“We moved a pawn, they will move soon. They will tell someone with the authority, and they will come to smoke us out and even behead us in public as they’ve done it to our comrades!”
“Rest in peace those poor innocent bloods! How do we hide from such an audacious men? Where is our secret room, the last place they’ll ever expect us to be?”
“Ventilator?” said Jake, making a dumb expression. Tasha frowned, shaking her head. They peek at the hallway. Fewer students were walking around.
“Let’s move there!” Tasha hissed, pointing at the janitor’s room across the hall. They’ve waited until the class bell rang. No one was around now. They tiptoed, opened the janitor’s room and slowly closed it. 
Tasha snooped from the door and saw some fat boy with a candy bar, roaming around. She went out to the hall way slid to his back; he didn’t seem to notice merely shoveling the candy into his purplish face. She suddenly went to his front and jabbed his chin and as he staggered, she grabbed his head and banged his head on the floor. The helpless kid became unconscious. She dragged him into a janitor’s room where Jake was gulping and sweating, and closed the door behind him. No one was in the hallway. Jake sighed with relief. When he turned around he saw Tasha stripping her clothes, Jake blushed.
“Wooa Wooa,” Jake made a weird noise.
“Shut up Jake,” Tasha hissed, throwing her clothes at him.
“Wooa,” said Jake. And Tasha took out the uniform from an unconscious boy, putting the uniform on.
“Wait here and start building a maze,” muttered Tasha, gazing at him.
“O… Okey!” stuttered Jake.
 Tasha winked, rolled up her sleeved as the uniform was quite big for her and got out of the room and toddled on the hallway.
Jake looked at the naked boy on the floor, grabbing Tasha’s clothes; he tried to remember what Alvin taught him about creating a strategy. He recalled Alvin saying to him,
“Jake, I do not want you to enter the world of schemer because I want you to become a good boy. But I guess right now there is no stopping you isn’t it? When you do scheme, the most important thing you have to do is not to be lost in the train of thought. In the world of schemers, there are so many thing that you cannot even perceive in your mind. Because the mind can deceive you, Jake, especially when the opponent himself is a schemer, so be cautious. But if you do fail to see anything, all you can do is flipping a coin. Remember, flip a coin if you are unsure, and at least by doing this you can default from the game,” said Alvin at the time. He took out the coin and flipped it toward Jake. Jake caught it in the air.
“Ok, that is not helpful at all…” murmured Jake. “What were the other things?”
“The people make choices to maximize their utility. So it is better to deal with the group in general, rather than dealing with the individual, because the group is simpler.”
“The group is simpler…” murmured Jake, thinking hard. “Their intention is to look for the intruders… The time, the sound of footsteps, and Tasha’s distinctive appearance… What is the chance that Tasha being seen by others? What is the chance Tasha makes it on time? What if they find me before Tasha comes back?”
Jake looked around the room, it was full of plastic bags and boxes. He gazed at the knock-out boy in his underwear, peacefully lying on the floor. Jake’s heart pumped hard. He tried to put the boy in the box but he was too heavy. So, Jake removed the stuffs, mop, broom and sponges, from the corner of the room.
“The chance that he might get up…” Jake murmured and lifted the boy’s head, closed his eyes and banged it right on the floor. There was a sound of low thud.
“Sorry…” murmured Jake. He put the plastic bag on top of him. And he started stripping too, and put his dirty clothes with the piles of rags.
On the spur of the moment, the army of angry footstep was heard. Jake quickly banged his face on the floor hard; his head wringed, tears came out. He bit his lips not to cry out and he did it one more. He grabbed his face in pain and laid flat on the floor and the janitor’s door burst opened. The footsteps came near and the man shouted.
“Mckee!” the man shouted. “I found one of our students! I think he’s been attacked by those vicious devils!”
“Oh good! Where are the intruders?” said the other man.
“Check the rest of the floor! Look at what they’ve done to this poor boy! I’ll take him to the medical room!” shouted the man.
Jake was lifted up by a huge hand, couldn’t think much due to pain and dizziness. The man blubbered restlessly. ‘The chance that Tasha will hear this noise was very low, and now they know Tasha is on that stupid uniform, they will look for any abnormal behavior. They will soon gather all students and check their faces and names. It will take a while. Well, maybe it won’t, because Tasha’s uniform is a lot bigger than her body. Now they are carrying me to the place I don’t know,” Jake thought, suddenly became afraid. “How is she going to find out which room I’m in? I guess she will look for me when she is safe, but can she be safe to walk around? She will be in the room where they gathered all the students. If I go to the place, she will definitely see me!’
They were at the stairs; the guy is walking slowly, panting. Jake suddenly opened his eyes. The man who was carrying him almost dropped Jake. Surprised but excited, the man shouted. “Oh, oh! The boy’s alive! All you alright kid?”
 “I saw them sir! I saw their faces! And they… they took my clothes!” Jake shouted, the man startled and let go of Jake. The man took off the coat and put around him.
“Oh you poor thing! The villains took it dear, I know it is awful thing for you to endure and I know you are too young to understand, but bad people do that my dear!”
“I… I…” Jake took a deep breath, surrogating as a victim. “I’m alright sir. I’m alright! I’m tough! I want to find this person who did this to us! Let me help you!”
The man seemed to be dumbfounded.
“Of course, of course, oh such a brave boy! When this day is over, I’ll grant you a golden star!” exclaimed the man.
Jake sniffed and put around the coat to get warm. His face was still aching.
“You are too kind sir!” said Jake, frowning at pain.
“Now, let’s go, they are all gathered my dear, so tell me what does this person look like?” asked the man.
“He was big, but hard to describe sir, because I was knocked out on the floor. But I’m sure I’ll remember when I see him again!” yelled Jake.
“Such a brave boy! After such a horrible event! Oh look at the bruises on your face, let me get you some stitches first!” he exclaimed. Staring at Jake; that was the time when Jake realized his mistake.
Jake was too skinny, almost malnourished compared to others, but the man doesn’t seem to notice, still shocked by a sudden awakening of Jake. ‘What if he finds out?’ thought Jake, perturbed.
‘What should I do?’ Jake became anxious. And certain man came across the hall, walking toward Jake and said,
“Hello there, Randolph,” the man sneered. He had an awful dry skin; he could see the scales falling apart from his face.
“Karl! Have you checked everywhere?” yelled Randolph.
“Yes, I have,” said the man with a low voice, looking at them loathsomely, but doesn’t seem to care much about the event.
“This boy has been attacked by those intruders!” hollered Randolph. Karl stared at Jake with his penetrating gaze. Jake startled, his heart almost stopped. And Jake saw his shrewd smile, as if he knew what was going on.
‘Damn it!’ Jake thought.
“Let’s see to it, shall we?” said Karl with a low gurgling voice.  
‘Ok… What am I going to do?’ Jake thought. Inside his mind, Alvin was munching peanut butter and jelly sandwich, talking to Jake.

“Jake, if you are lost in the thought, you won’t see the obvious answers, but I know you can’t help yourself being lost in the maze. But this dilemma of over thinking of certain matter goes same for your opponent. So, if you think the opponent is playing game with you, lose him in his own track of thought. If you succeed then you might find a gap. Find a gap Jake, find a gap. Time is your friend,”
Jake was deep in his thought. He should’ve just gone to the medical room; they would have informed the others about the attack in the auditorium, but too late for that now.
‘This mummified guy is enjoying this. I doubt he cares about some kids broke into his school. So why doesn’t he take me in now? He is playing us, trying to capture both mice without efforts, damn it! This guy knows that Tasha will look for me!’ Jake screamed in his head, ‘they are looking for the criminals, and the victim’s in the Janitor’s room. The detective just figured out the trick, and now I’m screwed. The obvious truth is that I fell into the dilemma. Only way out is to mess up this man’s reasoning. But what is this dehydrated man want? Pure enjoyment, of course, he is a schemer. I lose if I fail to entertain him. Oh, his eye is almost beaming, how do I entertain him? What is the solution? Did I just lose the game?’

Chapter 31
The Hunters

In a next few days they hung out in the same café, enjoying the warm weather. Sharine’s inflamed arm calmed down; the herbs seemed to be working well on the wound. Sharine was sipping lemonade and was observing Glock, amused. Glock fixed his gaze at Molly with his half opened mouth, but he wasn’t really doing the eye contact; and when she glimpsed at him, he looked away.
“Can you please do that other time?” said Sharine, frowning.
“Huh? What?”said Glock. Sharine laughed, shaking her head. Sharine looked at Glock huge glittering eyes. Seeing from his frustrated and embarrassed look, she suddenly felt a playful urge to poke him around.
“Glock, do you have a wife?” asked Sharine, narrowing her eyes.
“Huh? Nah,” he waved his hand, biting Sharine’s chocolate chip cookie. He tried to look indifferent but his eyes fluttered.
“Well, why not?” said Sharine, twining her hair with her finger.
“Well, look at me, why would girls even like me?” grumbled Glock, discouraged.
“Who gives a shit? If you like the girl, ask her out,” said Sharine, pointing at the counter where the waitress was talking to the other customer.
“Nah, I’m no good Nah…” said Glock, glimpsing at her.
“Huh, you are afraid,” Sharine shook her head, drinking, ice clattering in her glass.
“Ha! Me? Afraid? I’m the born warrior! I’m vicious, ruthless and scary!” Glock growled, rather pitifully.
“You managed to be stabbed by a wounded girl,” Sharine muttered. Glock leered at her, grunting.
“I don’t want her to live a shitty life, I’m poor. She deserves better,” grumbled Glock.
“Well, you might get her to marry you if you convince her with jewelries. But come on; why do that? She will ditch you if someone young and rich man comes along,” said Sharine.
“Ha! Those fairy tale style love, I’ve heard that before, never works, never works,” said Glock.
“It is worth it, nevertheless,” said Sharine.
“Ha! Really?” said Glock, crossing his arm.
“Really,” said Sharine, leaning back on the chair.
“Where is your prince then? Why are you even here?” questioned Glock. Sharine face suddenly got rigid.
“See? You can’t even answer. I can see it in your eyes. Pretty much he left you alone here,” said Glock, cleared his throat. Sharine opened her mouth to deny his claim; but before she could reply, he continued. “Well, guess what? He doesn’t even bother to look for you! Was he dear to you? Did he say he loves you forever and ever? See, I can understand, you got a pretty face, I can totally understand why guys…”
“Shut it Glock, or I’ll slice your throat,” Sharine snarled. They stared each other, finally Glock stood up. Everyone at the café was staring at them; luckily for Glock, Molly went inside the kitchen.
“You and your bullshit,” said he and left there. Sharine’s hands were trembling with anger. She put the ice into her mouth and started biting it. The gelid pieces swam inside her mouth which chilled her down. A moment later, Molly came to Sharine.
“Oh, I got some extra cookies for you, Sharine, where is…?” said Molly, little confused.
“I might’ve touched on some sensitive spot,” said Sharine, standing up bitterly. “I’ll see you around.” 
She got out of the café. She was walking in the rough muddy street, covered by the grinded wood. 
“My, my, I just blew my chance to get into the hunters’ club,” mumbled Sharine.
She looked around the village; they were either very small houses or huts. Some blocky houses were connected with one another with massive metal links. She frowned and looked closely at the houses. Like an old railroad, the ground was uplifted, most of them were covered with mud, but from spot to spot, she could see a steel surface.
She walked toward the weaponry shop. Sharine’s dead pistol was strapped sadly on her belt. She stopped at the shop where two rifles hung on the wall, crossing each other. ‘Kiss My Ass,’ it was written on the sign.
The store was packed with various weaponries, so many that there were almost no spaces to walk around. Many guns were big, looked more like a cannon. She doubted she could carry any of them around. There were heavy machine guns, assault rifles, sniper rifles, pistols, gurkas, grenades, claymores and various others. There was one deer head on the corner.
“I love this neighborhood,” Sharine snorted and got into the store. When she entered, there was a dozing old man on the chair.
“Hello?” said Sharine, but the old man didn’t respond, snoring. Sharine went up to him and poked him few times.
“Hello?” said Sharine. “Hello!”
The old man gasped as if he is choked and woke up suddenly, Sharine jumped. The old man almost fell and Sharine grabbed his shirt to prevent him from falling. The old man gazed intently at Sharine, frowning and sniffing.
“Oh, oh, hello Ms! what can I get you? There are best personal kits one can find in this whole world! It is damn good indeed. It is the best in the world!” bellowed the old man, standing up with his cane, grumbling. “Where, where… where are my glasses?” 
He groped around on the table, looking for his thick glasses. Sharine grabbed them and handed to him.
“Oh, you you are so kind,” stuttered the old man. “Damn… Damn... this stupid….”
After few cursing and grousing, he put on his glasses. He looked bit like a mantis. His chin was trembling a little, he looked at Sharine intently.
“Sorry, have… have we met? Perhaps my old brain is no good anymore,” mumbled the old man.
“No, I’m new,” said Sharine.
“Ah! New? You say?” said the old man.
“Yes, do you do the repair?” asked Sharine, handing her pistol to the old man.
“What?” frowned the old man.
“Repair! Do you do the repair?” shouted Sharine.
“Of course, what you’ve got there lady?” said the old man, and sat down on his chair. She put the pistol on the table and pushed it toward him. The old man touched its cold metal skin, and examined it carefully.
“Huh,” said the old man, and burst into laughter. “What are you going to hunt with this? A squirrel?”
“It kills just fine,” muttered Sharine, annoyed. “Better than the piece of junk you have it here.”
But he didn’t seem to hear; he stood up abruptly, startling her. His face full of delight, he walked deep into the store, and rummaged the piles of junks. Sharine, frustrated, propped up her chin in her hands. After the series of rattling and clattering metals, the old man came back, humming, and put down the piece of rifle on the table.
“Perhaps you want the sniper rifle instead?” said the old man, grinning. Sharine was actually amazed at the sight; the rifle was delicate and gracefully slim. It had an oak handle, olive shoulder strap, and the shining black metal scope.
“I built it myself. Ha! It is such a beauty. It can shoot the flying pigeon’s ass from miles away!” exclaimed the old man, proudly.
“I… I don’t think I’ve got enough money to buy that,” said Sharine, although tempted to buy it. She pointed at her pistol. “I just want this fixed.”
She put all the money she had with her and put it on the table, little worried that it might not be enough. The old man grabbed one of the currencies, examining the mark.
“Ora eh?” said he, skimmed through Sharine’s body, stopping at her wounded arm.
“Yeah,” muttered Sharine, nervously. The old man grinned and took the money.
“Cassandra is one of the good trading routes for us,” chuckled the old man, glimpsing at her hip where her gurka was located. “I can probably sharpen your gurka too.”
“Thank you,” said Sharine, relieved, taking it out and placed it on the table.
“Alright, come back at dinner time,” said the old man.
“Really? That fast?” said Sharine.
“Ladies first,” the old man chuckled. “And you are the first time here,” he offered his hand.
“Thank you very much,” said she and shook his hand.

Sharine went back to the Molly’s place because she didn’t want to go into the hunters’ club without her gun. While on the way, she tripped and almost fell down, she stood up to see what it was, and it was metal frame. She groaned and leered at it, removing the mud to see what it was. It was long metal bar, it intrigued Sharine.
She walked hurriedly to the café wanting to ask some question. But when she got there it was deserted and the door was bolted shut. She glimpsed inside and there was Molly stretching herself. Sharine knocked on the door.
“We are on a break! Come back in two hours!” bellowed Molly, bewildered. Sharine thought about knocking it again, but she wheeled around and turned to the motel, thinking about asking Rove.
But before she did, the door hung opened.
“Oh, it’s you,” said Molly. “I’m sorry, what was your name?”
“Sharine,” said Sharine.
“You are new here aren’t you?” said Molly.
“Yes,” said Sharine.
“So, what do you do? There’s a help needed in the kitchen, we had to shut it down as the cook just chopped off his finger,” said Molly, her eyes glittered dangerously. “But, never mind, you have your own injuries. But, in future days, you’re welcome to check out our position.”
“Thank you,” said Sharine, reluctant.
“So what do you do?” asked Molly.
“I literally eat, sleep and poop these days,” said Sharine laughing, trying to break the ice. Molly didn’t laugh but crossed her arm. Sharine coughed and cleared her throat.
“I would love to check out your position,” murmured Sharine.
“You are very pretty. Do you know well with Glock?” said Molly.
“No, we just met few days ago,” said Sharine.
“Staying his place?” said Molly, her smile fading.
“Uhh… not now,” murmured Sharine.
“Good,” said Molly, rather rudely. “Well, it was nice to talk to you, I guess, if you tag along with him, I’ll give you some food, since you are so… out of shape.”
“Ok…” murmured Sharine, boggled, wondering whether this girl is a two faced. She seemed to be so nice before. Molly nodded lightly and closed the door.

Sharine went back to the motel, not seeing Rove, went to her room and lied down on her bed. She changed the herbs for her wound. It still hurt to the bone, as the bullet scratched the bone tissue. But she could move the arm. She wrapped around with the new bandage and tied them up using her right arm and her mouth.
The sun came down. Rove brought her some loaf of bread and soup. She ate it, the warmth filled her stomach. She gave thanks to Rove and walked out the motel, walked to the weaponry shop.
When she entered the shop, the old man waved at her, and proudly handed her the pistol. It looked same as before.
“Mind if I try it here?”said Sharine. The old man opened the drawers abruptly and gave her the bullet.
“Thank you,” said Sharine.
Sharine loaded the ammunition and aimed at the calendar on the wall. There was a picture of bikini girl attached to it. Sharine pulled the trigger and it blow out her nose. 
“Yep,” said Sharine, satisfied.
The gurka sword was same as before too, completely untouched. Sharine glimpsed at him; he shrugged, saying that he didn’t have enough time. She smiled, strapped the gurka sword on her thigh and marched toward the hunters’ club.
At the hunters’ club, Sharine felt like she walked into the cowboy mansion. There were loud shouting and laughter and the shooting at the ceiling. Some people were throwing darts. Skinny, drunken man played violin. The woman who was serving the drinks had a cowboy boots on her. She was about a same height as Sharine.
“Hello Ms, something that I can help you with?” said the statuesque woman, chewing the bubble gum. There was some guy laughing too hard he couldn’t even breathe; someone threw a glass on the wall.
“Uhh yeah, can I get a beer?” said Sharine, giving her some money from her pocket.
“Of course,” said she, smiled like a fox and went away, swinging her hips as she walked by. She was passing the overly muscular guys doing arm wrestling.
The guns they were carrying were mostly heavy machine guns. They looked more like troopers than hunters. Although appearance varied, most of them looked like jungle fighters doing guerrilla warfare. The woman brought Sharine a beer. Sharine, sipping a beer, walked straight across the hall and talked to the cowboy on the wall. He was smoking cigarette, looked pretty young; he seemed like he is trying to look tough amongst the big guys who were chuckling in the corner. Sharine walked up to him and leaned on the wall, looked straight to him.
“Hey, do you know the one in charge here?” said Sharine.
“Huh, who am I referring to?” said the young boy.
“Sharine Pestice, I’m new in town. I was wondering whether you guys have some empty position to fill me in.” Sharine smiled as if seducing him.
“Position?” said he, his face heating up at her beauty.
“Yes,” said Sharine, sweetly. “What is your name?”
“Call me Kevin, Uhh… Kevin Morrison, nice… nice to meet you,” the kid gulped and stuttered. Taking his sweaty hand out, Sharine shook his hand. “Uhh, our boss is right around the corner miss, you’ll see the black door with a stag horn on it. Be careful though, he got… Uhh… he got some nasty temper.” 
Sharine gave him her beer, Kevin gripped it. She tapped his shoulder and walked past him.
“His name is Seth, Ms,” said Kevin to her back.
She turned around the corner. The floor was full of muddy footprints. The yellow moss was flying around the hallway. She realized that the door was half opened. She knocked as she walked in.
“Hello?” she said.
Sharine heard the scrapping sound of a knife against a grinding stone. On the table there were a wine bottle, an old scroll map, a compass, a big revolver and bullets scattered around it. There was a wine spill on the floor. The man who was sharpening the knife looked up at Sharine.
“Who the fuck are you?” Seth turned around in his chair. Seth had a tanned skin, the rough beard and a low gurgling voice. 
“I’m new in town. I am looking for a job sir,” said Sharine.
“Why would we seek help from a little girl like you?” snarled Seth, haughtily.
“I can kill, sir,” said Sharine.
“Ha! Go somewhere else, there’s the herb garden down the street! You can water the plants there!” The man started laughing hard.
Sharine clenched her teeth.
“If there is a tryout for new recruits, I can show it to you,” said Sharine.
“Ha! Recruit? Are you kidding?” laughed Seth. “What? Do you think we are running some girl scouts around here lady?”
“I can prove it to you, sir, that I…” repeated Sharine, but Seth interrupted.
“I’m not going to say it again, now get out,” growled Seth. He looked down and resumed the knife sharpening. Sharine, boiled with anger, gripped her fist tight. But seeing that there was nothing she could do, she went out the room.
She walked down the hallway, and there was Kevin, who was still there on the spot. He was looking at Sharine nervously with some kind of hope but seeing her angry face, he became gloomy.
“Didn’t go well huh?” said Kevin, making his face as if he knew this was going to happen.
“Not at all, what do you guys do here anyway? Those weapons are for a tank, not a deer,” said Sharine, looking at Kevin’s huge machine gun leaning against the wall.
“Well Ms, we have to protect us from those creatures, it is mostly for the protection purposes,” murmured Kevin. Sharine was now convinced that these weird creatures exist and she wasn’t hallucinating at the ship.
“Yes, I’ve heard the outside of the village is quite dangerous. Could you tell me more about this island?” asked Sharine.
“This is the place of a, well, used to be dwelled by the uncivilized people. After a while, the people came in and practiced pretty messed up stuff. You know all the voodoos and blood sacrificing... And that big rich dude Ricky came along and built this shelter. All I know is that much,” said Kevin, scratching his head.
“Really?” frowned Sharine. 
“Well… yeah, that’s why we are not supposed to go out from the village,” murmured Kevin.
“Were you born here?” said Sharine, but Kevin shook his head.
“Well then, if this is a shelter, it’s pretty lousy defense, more like some peaceful village to me… Who are you guys hiding from?” asked Sharine.
“There are many,” said Kevin and glimpsed at Sharine. “I’m guessing that you don’t even know what everyone else knows.”
“…” Sharine looked at Kevin with a puzzled look.
“This is a train, Ms., the whole town is a huge moving house,” said Kevin.

Chapter 32
Cast the Dice into Time

‘His options are simply waiting or not waiting, I cannot defend my position if either one of them is used. I guess the game is lost… I’m sorry Alvin, I screwed up…’ Jake closed his eyes, clenching his teeth. His head was wringing, ‘how can I create a gap?’ he screamed inside his head.
Karl, Randolph and Jake were walking on the hallway; the adults were running around, pushing the door open angrily to track down the intruders. Karl watched them dully, and continued walking. Jake was in his underwear and was covered with coat which Randolph gave him.
In the past, Alvin told Jake about what Nina had told him at the shooting range when he was still under Polchinski’s command. She was out practicing the shooting with him. Nina said,
“Alvin, nothing is certain in presence to time. Just like some malfunctioning machine, then you get frustrated and hit the thing, then it works fine. If you have time, there is hope. As we all know Alvin, it takes less than a second to kill a man.” Nina pulled the trigger but missed the target, she groaned.
“Creating new rules…” murmured Jake. He felt like a dog tied to two men walking ahead of him. It will be a futile attempt to beg for mercy. Jake looked cautiously at Randolph. 
“Sir?” said Jake, and Randolph looked at him. 
“Yes my child,” said Randolph.
“Can I have a uniform? I’m bit cold. It’ll be a while to stand there. I don’t want to be embarrassed in front of my friends,” said Jake.
Karl scoffed and stopped on the spot, slowly turning to Jake. Randolph gazed at Jake with his big eyes.
“Of course my dear, I’ll get the new uniform for you. Wait here Karl, I’m going to take him and…” said Randolph, but Karl cut him off.
“Get it yourself, Randolph,” snapped Karl, coldly. His voice pierced Jake’s heart. “The kid stays with me.” 
Randolph frowned and leered at Karl repulsively, but nodded and went away. Karl looked at Jake. His dry face had a fiendish smile. Jake shut his eyes tight.
“Well played, kid,” he said.
“…” Jake suffered in silence, gulping.
“I guess your friend won’t recognize you from afar if you put on the uniform, instead of that idiotic underwear. If your friend notices you, then he or she would want to get close to you, then you can control the situation. So, you can hide in the place other than the medical room because that room is where I’ll be expecting both of you. Or… maybe you were planning to just simply tell your friend to run. Lousy, but good work kid, I’m guessing there is a boy inside a janitor’s room which I’ll have to deal with it later.” said Karl, looking at Jake.
“I…” murmured Jake, little surprised.
“Well, I’ve got to thank you; it was a bit of an amusement to see the school upside down. I was sitting dull for so long… Tell me your name kid?” said Karl.
“It’s Jake, sir,” answered Jake.
“Orphan?” he spoke, plainly.
“Yes sir,” said Jake.
“My name is Karl Wolff. But everyone from your neighborhood calls me the Straw Man,” said he.
“The Straw Man sir?” said Jake.
“Yes, are you friend with Nina Polchinski?” asked Karl.
“No, sir,” Jake shook his head. Karl stared at Jake for a moment and continued.
“Huh, I thought… Well, never mind, but well, that small girl is pretty infamous. Such a contrasting looks she has, considering her deadly skills,” Karl chuckled.
“Have you worked under Nina Polchinski?” asked Jake. But Karl ignored him.
“When Randolph comes back, then wear the uniform he gives you. Then follow him to the stage. I’ll tell them that I’ve seen two guys running across the yard and escaped from the institution. Then they will dismiss the crowd. You’ll have some times to find your friend, so you can get out of there,” said Karl. “And don’t get caught kid. I won’t spare you if you are caught by one of these magnetic fools.”

At that time, when the reddish sun is almost set, the star started appearing in the sky. Diana was worried about Jake and Tasha. Alvin was enjoying the light purplish, brownish colored tea with a ginger flavor, pouring the maple syrup with small metallic cup on the side.
“Diana, I think my ass is grass poisoned,” said Alvin, sipping a drink and poured more syrup. Diana muttered something to Alvin, blushing. She was walking around front and back, anxious.
Tasha and Jake managed to escape from the institution. But they couldn’t get to the janitor’s room as there were too many people. Tasha ripped up her pants as it was too big for her. While doing that, some group started looking at them funny, murmuring amongst themselves and some pointing fingers. Tasha and Jake looked at each other started running without thinking.
“Wait! You can’t run yet! Get my clothes!” shouted Tasha, dragging him.
“Uhh,…! Urgghh!” bellowed Jake, shaking off her grip, there are shouts coming out from behind them, and the old professors start noticing and were running to get them too. 
“Why are you making that sound? Trying to inform everyone that we are here? Dumbass?” shouted Tasha.
“Urgghh, shut up!” shouted Jake.
They’ve arrived in the field, went down the hill and struggled to get into the gap, the rock scratched the skin but they’ve successfully got in, there were angry shouts and yelling came from outside.
When Tasha and Jake was out of the tunnel, it was already dark, the moon shone upon them. They arrived at the town; they trudged heavily on the pavement absentmindedly.
“You know what?” said Jake.
“What?” grumbled Tasha, flapping her absurdly big uniform.
“I think I like this game,” grinned Jake.
“Well, you crazy bastard, just buy me new clothes” Tasha scoffed.

When they got home, Diana was sitting in the chair, furious. She slapped Tasha and Jake’s butt for almost an hour until her own palm became blue and purple.
“Don’t you ever do this again! Now go to bed!” Diana screamed.
Poor children stood up but unable to walk, so they tried step by step. Eventually they just crawled out of the room. But as they went to the living room, Tasha fell down on the floor and Jake too. Tasha laughed.
“Well, that was… fun.” Tasha murmured.
“Fun?” said Jake. “You’ll one day run some fetish shop, and you… will be a millionaire.” Jake said with a dying voice, drunken with pain, sniffing. There was a tear drop on his cheek. Tasha stared at him, and smiled.
“Don’t cry… you are a guy.” Tasha said this and took a deep breath. She put her cheek on the floor, and went to sleep.
“Tasha?” said Jake, but Tasha was sleeping peacefully. Jake looked at her face for a while, and went close to her, put his arm under her head and hugged her, and he went to sleep too.

Alvin watched this from the fireplace. He was sitting there for a while Diana was screaming at the children. Alvin walked toward them, the floor made a creaking sound. He took off his jacket and covered them. And Diana appeared from the room.
“Children… what?” Diana murmured, seeing the children on the floor.
“Shh, they are sleeping.” Alvin made a gesture, putting the index finger on his lips.
“Sleeping? What, on the floor?” Diana’s voice trembled a little; it was mixed with tears.
“Yes, on the floor, dear. Let them be.” Alvin tapped gently on Diana and walked away from the living room.


Chapter 33
Tasha and Jake’s past

There were many things that Tasha and Jake refuse to speak to Diana, especially their past time at orphanage. They didn’t want to bring it up the topic. They were rescued by Alvin on that strange encounter, before they were sold to the traffickers like a meat for the butcher shop. 
In the orphanage cafeteria, the rotten stench of food on the floor spread as one of the orphans poured the hot water to kill the germs. The cook was just sitting there, eating his food while the orphans cook for themselves. The officers in the upper room were having gorgeous meals together. The smell swirled and came down on the first floor.
The orphans were having cabbage soup. There was a sign hung on the wall saying ‘Imagine, then you can be anything.’ The cook encouraged orphans to think that the soup is meaty. The cook was the nasty old man who had a big ugly nose and a black hair. Habitually he beat up anyone who complained about the food, and made him or her to wash all the dishes they ate. 
Usually, the orphans made soup and cleaned themselves, although only recently arrived orphans did the entire job. Orphans made the hierarchy for themselves, and the officers working there encouraged them to keep the “rebels” under control. But all seniors did it to the orphans were just bullying them. They spat and stepped on their subordinates’ food for entertainment and moved in herds to take the food from them. Among them, the famous ones were Douri, Toin and Mus.
Jake was beat up by that group of seniors because Douri spat on the food and said. “Eat this soup, if you love me” showing his green gluey spit on the spoon and sniggered. Jake refused to eat it, which pissed him off. “What, don’t you love your seniors? What is that look on your face!” Mus took the soup and threw it on Jake’s head. “Hey, look! This kid got some bad attitude toward seniors!” said Mus to Toin; they started punching and stepping on him. 
One girl watched this, frowned, getting sick of this. She put down the spoon and got up, spat on the floor and walked toward them. There she stood, between the three big boys and Jake. They were startled by her.
“What Tasha? Are you a bitch to this cunt? Why don’t you give respect to the seniors? You freak?” snarled Mus.
“I think you guys are piece of shit to step on someone weaker, just to feel superior!” roared Tasha. Kids at cafeteria looked at her, shocked and amazed, gulping their saliva. Most of them turned back, tried to ignore her because they feared the retribution. But few watched, curious.
“What did you say? You arrogant bitch?” said Toin, taking out the knife which he got it from the kitchen. Tasha had a pretty face; Douri groaned thought for a moment and gave a hideous smile to Tasha.
“Ok, ok, guys, relax, what are we fighting here for? I’ll forgive you because I’m a gentleman. But you, in return, will have honor, to give me something back” said Douri, with a disgusting smile. Mus and Toin were shocked, but soon they realized what he meant and started sniggering. They came close to her with their big fist, fork and knife.
Tasha gulped, sweating on her forehead, stepping back.
“Maybe we can go to the back of the kitchen. You can apologize there. Then we’ll bother with him no more,” said Douri, he held the edge of the knife with his mouth, trying to make him look tougher. He stretched his muscle and took down his zipper. Looking at this, Toin and Mus sniggered and laughed. 
The other kids were merely watching them, afraid, because at night, seniors used to gather them all around and beat them up for what they did during the day, checking every move about respecting a senior. Most of the poor kids were beaten up all night for not saluting the seniors, forgetting to clean or walking past the seniors, even when they accidently stepped on the shadow of seniors.
Tasha looked at Jake. His helpless face was covered in tears, looking between the guys and her, shaking lightly. Tasha glimpsed at Jake; he startled.
“What the fuck are you looking at?” growled Tasha, turning to Jake. She held his collar and pushed him against a table behind, clutching his neck. Jake panicked and was afraid. Tasha slowly grabbed the fork on the table, from Jake’s back. Her eyes focused on the seniors coming closer.
Tasha winked at Jake,
“Run,” she said and pushed Jake away. With a full swing, she stabbed the Douri’s face with the fork, plunged right through his mouth, and pulled it toward her body so it ripped his entire mouth. Douri bellowed and writhed in pain, his blood dropped like a bunch of marbles. Toin and Mus were too shocked to do anything. They screamed and went away from Douri as he was spouting blood all over the place. Tasha was horrified and dropped the fork on the floor. Toin and Mus growled at Tasha but dared not to stab her. They threw away the knives and just start beating her up. And there was a frenzy yelling among orphans, filled with enthusiasm.
She felt numb and helpless. Her limbs were cracking and breaking down. For a while she coughed and screamed. The atmosphere was filled with delirious howling and angry shouting, and from her blurred vision, she saw someone stopping them, like a big giant swinging his hands.
“Stop! All of you!” said the man with a loud voice. “What’s going on here?”
It was one of the officers in the orphanage. The cook was merely observing this from the kitchen. Seeing the officer, he turned and went back to his kitchen. Jake was grabbing his head, ripping his head in horror. Looking at Jake, Toin pointed his finger at Tasha and said,
“She… She stabbed him with a fork sir. We are trying to save him!” shouted Toin. And everyone agreed, nodding and muttered in affiliation.
“Yes, she was saying that she will let him touch her breast is he gave up his lunch!” said Mus.
“Is that right?” the officer said, looking at the Mus. Douri was trying to stop the bleeding, wriggling in agony.
“Yes, I saw her stabbing him for no reason! She is crazy, teacher! She is a bad girl!” Mus shouted.
The officer looked at Tasha on the floor. She was barely breathing. He grabbed her shirt and lifted her up. She dragged on the floor like a doll.
“You little whore! You are in big trouble, you devil!” and slapped her. Loud whacking sound was heard two times. He took her outside, pulling her roughly.
“Now all of you; finish your meals!” shouted the officer. Jake just looked at this, whispering helplessly. Toin looked at Jake and kicked his face. Mus started sniggering.
“Look what you’ve done,” said Toin and spat at Jake, and started stepping him. Toin and Mus laughed and went away. Jake grabbed his fist, grunting, filled with rage.
Later in the evening, the orphans were cleaning the common bedrooms. Jake slipped and walked away from it and went to the nursing room where Tasha was lying on the bed. He saw her, her pretty face was bloated and full of scars which ruined her face. She was sleeping, unconscious. 
Jake went to her quietly. He walked close to her, hugged her, and went to sleep too.
After this event, the orphanage principal thought their behavior was inappropriate and they were sexually immoral, so, they sold to some traffickers a few days later.

Two traffickers came to the orphanage, both carrying revolvers. The principal was glad, although looked at traffickers with arrogance and loftiness. As if he was trying to distinguish him from them, his head was leaned backward and his eyes looked downward at the traffickers.
The principal cleared his throat and said. “We, ahem! Take care of the orphans, although those poor souls need to be saved but I couldn’t handle such a reckless evil from birth. Oh, I must give up to you to set an example so that others grow to become kind and good officers who serve these nations.”
“Shut up, will you?” threatened one of the traffickers, spitting on the floor.
“Where are those kids?” said the other, tapping the gun against his leg.
“Of… Ahem! Of course, I’ll show you the way,” said the principal, with a rotten smile. They went out of principal’s office and went to the room where Tasha and Jake were held at.
When the traffickers saw Tasha and Jake, they examined them for the health condition, looking them closely. Tasha barely moved as her limbs were broken. They frowned at Tasha’s condition. The principal made an innocent expression as if he doesn’t know what happened to her. The traffickers brought Tasha outside and put her into the trunk of the truck. They’ve tied up Jake, and put a tape on his mouth and threw him on the trunk too.
With a dumb luck, they had a car accident with the man named Alvin Caravel. At that time, Alvin was still working for Nina. Stein was making a fuss about Alvin hiring a housemaid, Diana. Alvin was getting the toilet paper in a grocery store, after hearing hours of Diana’s excuse and complaints that she is a lady and she cannot go to buy a toilet paper because she is a lady. “Greatest housemaid ever existed,” he mumbled. He grabbed a coke from the refrigerator and got into the car. It was a hot summer day and the air conditioner was broken down, blowing only the hot air to him. Alvin was mad, shouting in his car alone,
“Ok why does she always do that? I mean I skipped her last month wage yes, I’m sorry! I’m sorry bitch! I mean still, I’m her boss. Do all pretty girls do that? Ah shit I should’ve checked her before I hired her, yes! Yes! I know some girls look like an angel and I just can’t help it! What am I doing? Following her like a dumbass and… Ahh come on grandma! You bitch! I’m being fried! Like fucking French Fries! Move!” he honked in the street, cursing at the car lingering in front of him. He had to stop before the red light.
The traffickers stopped at the red light alongside Alvin, smoking cigarette in the car. The traffickers in the driving seat looked at Alvin shouting with all his might. He rolled his eyes and threw a cigarette on Alvin’s window.
Alvin suddenly stopped and leered at the burning tail of cigarette on his car window. The sudden rage spiked up in his head. Alvin got out of the car with a coke bottle, and looked at two men. The traffickers looked at him, puzzled, frowning at Alvin. He stretched a muscle and with a full swing, threw a bottle at the driver. The driver ducked and the one at the passenger seat was hit in his head. Although the bottle didn’t break, he passed out. The driver started shooting at Alvin. Alvin got out the car and hid behind it.
“How can I not love this neighborhood?” Alvin murmured. He took his portable machine gun out of his jacket, he made a shrewd smile.
After few seconds, the two traffickers had their whole body shredded by the machine gun, completely drenched with their blood. Alvin cursed at his car for having bullet holes, kicking at the door.
“Diana will kill me…” he complained. “You know what I’m going to do? I’m going to fire her, yes!”
“Wait, if I can sell whatever those guys have…” Alvin murmured, and starts searching for the wallet inside their pocket. 
“Bear with me my friends. Hmm, yes, there you are,” said Alvin, with some blood soaked cash on his pocket. He wondered what is in the back of the truck, ‘maybe there are some cargos’ he thought.
Alvin went to the back of the car, few cars passed by him, terror-stricken, not stopping at the red light. He opened the trunk. And there, he saw two kids cowering in a corner, frightened.
Later, Alvin took kids to his house, Diana was swearing at Alvin. He was defending himself that he was out of his mind from the heat. 
“They shot it first,” he said. Diana didn’t listen and called him a monster. Eventually she stopped after making him promise not to shoot at people anymore. When she saw the children, however, she stopped and became delightful. Alvin was concerned about Tasha, so he called Dr. Berman from Nina’s base, and asked him to treat her. There was no doubt Stein will be furious at this, so Dr. Berman came in secret. Berman treated Tasha’s wound, adjusting her bones and wrapped around bandages all over her body. Diana was feeding Tasha who was lying down in Alvin’s bed. Jake was sitting at a chair, looking at Tasha and Diana.
“What is your name, my little angel?” she said to a boy who was eating the clam chowder she made, and the boy murmured quietly, Diana leaned forward to him so she could listen.
“He is Jake and I’m Tasha,” said the girl, from the bed.

Chapter 34
The Puzzles

Nina was in the shower, closing her eyes and just enjoying the hot water falling on the back of her head. She squeezed the tooth paste and started brushing her teeth, holding the breath and pushing her face into the steaming water. She grabbed the soap and rubbed her body. The foam spread, and her muscle got relaxed. She sighed with relief.
Nina got out, the floor was slippery, and her feet slid a little. She took a towel and started drying her body. She stared at the mirror, looking at her teeth, touched the silver tooth where her cavity was. It was bugging her for weeks, giving a sharp pain from time to time. She touched with her finger, rubbing and tapping it. She felt fine now! It didn’t hurt at all. She grinned at the mirror.
From the hallway, Sarah just entered the receiver’s tower, and saw Paul.
“Dude, there is a STD bill under your name.” said Sarah, laughing at Paul, holding a paper and waving at Paul’s face.
“No, it is not, get it out of my face,” grumbled Paul.
“It contains the word inflammatory and something close to your thingy. Now I’m curious, how did you get laid? Is there your secret move that I’m not aware of?” teased Sarah, squeezed Paul’s cheek with her hands, and pull his head like a turtle neck.
“Fuck you,” murmured Paul, blushing.
“Well, today’s briefing is complete, will you be my good boy, and take this to Nina?” said Sarah, winking at Paul.
“No… You do it,” said Paul like a stubborn child. Sarah laughed, stood up and messed up Paul’s head. She departed to Nina’s office. At Nina’s office, Sarah opened the door and said,
“Hello my little angel, here’s today’s shit…”
Sarah froze as Captain Stein was leering at her. Nina waved at Sarah, smiling.
“I mean… admiral. I report… Uhh… this is today’s briefing,” said Sarah, saluting. She put the paper on the table and awkwardly stared at Stein and Nina for a moment, and hurriedly got out of the room. Nina was discussing with Stein about the secondary protocols for the operation. Stein nodded and took a note. He exited the room after it was done. 
After Stein left, Nina spread the puzzles on the floor, matching the pieces. She groaned at its complicated structure. It wasn’t just a puzzle, it was a 3D puzzle made by Krieg and Jessica for when they were in college. The goal of the puzzle is to connect the pipes. As the one builds the pipes (or tunnel) from the center, it was exceedingly becoming harder to keep track as it gets bigger. The puzzles forming a furthest layer look like a brownish terrain; it covers all the pipe pieces except one which leads into the mountain.
When Nina was playing with the puzzles, Captain James came in, saluting at her, saw Nina with her puzzle. Looking at James’s baffled look, Nina giggled.
“When I connect all the pipes, it is supposed to look like a volcano. And this little guy here,” said Nina, showing him a dinosaur toy with the rail wheel attached on the bottom, “has to get through all the way without crashing!” 
Nina winded up the spring of the dinosaur and placed it on the railroad. She put the dinosaur on the railroad. It made a clicking sound and moved along the trail. The dinosaur wiggled its tail, mumbling its jaw and went into the tunnel. It made a squeaking sound inside the pipes, shaking the overall mountain. A moment later, they heard a bump. Somewhere inside, dinosaur started crying.
“And oops, I did it wrong.” Nina said, scratching her head. “This is great. Jessica will make fun of me now.”
“Admiral, the units are in place, Veron is gathering an army, increasing security. He will bomb us right into our face to eliminate us. If we infiltrate our unit now then…” said James, but interrupted by Nina.
“How are we doing on our ground unit? Is the suit ready?” said Nina.
“The progress is good, admiral. The suit is good to go and we are running the underground factories to product the right quantities…” muttered James but again, interrupted by her.
“That’s good, I’ve tried the suit before, and it is pretty awesome. You should try it too James.”
“So, what are we going to do now?” James sighed with frustration.
“Well, there is no problem so far… Oh yes, get all the ghosts out from the enemy lair,” said Nina. James was bewildered, raising his eyebrows.
“But admiral, at this time? Veron will sense what is going on, and we will be left in the dark! Then it would all be over!” shouted James.
“That is precisely why, Captain, I won’t risk my men’s lives there. I want them all out. And that’s an order,” said Nina. She was adjusting her puzzles, breaking it all down to find a dinosaur. 
James was looking at this little girl playing toys before him, desperately holding his tongue. She didn’t seem to be disturbed at all, ridiculously relaxed.
“Ok, admiral, I’ll send all units into the base,” said James, boiling with anger.
“Oh, there you are!” exclaimed Nina, grabbing a crying dinosaur.
“Will you get me a juice captain? Oh and cookies?” giggled Nina.
“Of… of course admiral,” said James.
Nina smiled, grabbing a piece and fitting it with the rest. But James couldn’t hold his anger anymore. He was getting sick of her childish behavior. His head was about the burst. James turned around and shouted.
“Admiral, our force is outrun by more than ten to one! If Veron finds out that we are scheming against his regime, they will wipe out our entire headquarters. The officers are in doubt and questioning, admiral! There are fears of losing everything and… Everyone is just…” shouted James but he stopped, petrified, seeing Nina’s soft gaze.
“Well, Captain James, I think you have a misunderstanding,” said Nina.
“Like what, admiral?” said James, talking back to her.
“Well… Let’s see, it’s hard to explain…” murmured Nina, tapping her head with her finger. “Oh yes, this might be a bad and far-fetched example… But hopefully it will help.”
James stared at Nina with puzzled and disconcerted look. Nina gazed into his eyes.
“Tell me James, do you know how the big corporation makes money?” said Nina, smiling.
“Big corporation, admiral?” said James, bamboozled at this totally random topic.
“Yes, the big corporation in a capitalist society,” said Nina, continuing with her puzzles. James breathed in deeply.
“Well, make a good product cheaply and produce them massively,” answered James. Nina shook her head.
“The corporation is there because people want them to be there, in order for the corporation to give what people want, they need to know what they want,” said Nina.
“Uh huh, yeah, that is basically what I said,” murmured James. Nina ignored him and continued.
“So, if the big corporation has all the resources and brainpowers to do everything they can to improve biological enhancement of the human body, then how can the small business survive?” asked Nina.
“Uhh… work hard? Oh yes, specialize by sector,” said James.
“No, James, you are just quoting from some dumb textbook. Don’t make me regret that I made you a Captain,” said Nina.
“I’m sorry admiral,” apologized James, half-heartedly.
“They view the human being as a function James. And it is not a bad way to describe what we are, the sums of functions. And in order to satisfy those function, what the big corporation can do is to start from the existing variables, in other words products, rather than start from the unknown,” said Nina.
“Yes…” muttered James, puzzled.
“So if the existing functions can be summed and improved by a slight manipulation, then it is possible to make television from radio and Smartphone from television. People would think that it is a new thing, but actually it is the same thing. Nevertheless, whichever product offers more enhancements has more value. On average, therefore, people tend to buy more Smartphone than radio,” said Nina.
“What are you trying to say, admiral?” said James.
“James, if one really wants to make money in a legal way. All you have to do is to identify which no one has yet identified, and control which no one has ever been able to control it before,” said Nina, looking at her puzzle piece again.
“So, identify and control, it is good to know. Then what does that have to do with Veron?” snapped James, impatiently.
“The truth is that Veron is a function too, James. Although it is such a pain in the ass, but still, it is just a puzzle. As long as he is a human, he will have an input and output and do what other human does,” said Nina. James fell into a silence, blinking. “So, theoretically, if I know all the function, then, there is no way he can win this game. But the problem is that it is impossible to know all the functions and even more impossible to control them.”
“So are we too, is your specimen and lab rats?” growled James.
“No, I just said it is impossible to control, why are you saying that?” said Nina, scowling.
“Because I think you are controlling us!” shouted James.
“James...” Nina frowned, becoming angry at him. “It is just a theory. Are you mad? And it doesn’t matter whether we know all the variables or not, because we will be doing the exact same thing!”
“I don’t know Nina! I’m ready, I can go into Veron’s headquarter now! What do you want me to do? Are you just going to make us hang in the air forever?” questioned James.
“James, do you really think I’m the only one who knows about this?” said Nina, coldly.
“…”
“Veron knows this too! Tell me, how do you think Veron became a puppeteer and made people in Cassandra his puppets?”
“I…” James murmured.
“If I lose a step, then we lose the battle. James, and in this very time, the single misstep will cost the whole war,” said Nina.
“…”
“James,” said Nina, with calm voice, there was a little shadow on her face.
“Yes admiral,” said James.
“I know what I’m doing, you might call me delusional and traumatized but I can tell you I’m far from suicidal. This isn’t about revenge, do you understand?” said Nina, boldly. James opened his mouth but was unsure what to say.
“Then what is it admiral? Are you seeking justice?” asked James.
“No, I’m not exactly a saint, James. And I’m not in a position to judge anyone. What I want is the truth,” said Nina, calmly.
“What do you mean, admiral?” asked James.
“The truth is that there are good men in this world, those who won’t sell anybody else for their own sake,” said Nina.
“…” James looked at Nina, painfully.
“And we shall not kneel, Captain,” said Nina.
Nina is now coiling the dinosaur. She put it on a trail again. The dinosaur jabbered its mouth as it went into the tunnel. It shook the whole volcano mountain and eventually it popped into the top of the volcano shaped hole. Nina caught it in the middle of the air.
“See? I can do this,” Nina smiled. James breathed in slowly and finally relaxed.
“Very well, admiral,” muttered James.
“So, bring cookies and juice please? I’m going over to Krieg and Jessica that I’ve solved the puzzle,” Nina smiled.
“Of course, admiral,” said he, smiling weakly. James got out the room.

After James left, Nina just lay flat on the floor, breathing deeply. Nina was discomforted as the conversation reminded her of her past, when she was vulnerable against Veron’s regime. She was thinking of the person called Daniel Merson. Although Captain Stein seemed to think that Daniel was her lover but he wasn’t. Nina hated him for the most of his visit, and even when they talked, Nina was acting out of pity rather than love. It was a dark time, where Veron tried to take everyone under his command.
The militants attacked the village, the village people need to bow down every time he and his army passed among them. When they call people he needed to run as fast as they can to get to him. Daniel was one of the soldiers under Veron. She could imagine his hardship, but still she didn’t like him. Like in the orphanage, the soldiers gathered at night and beat their subordinate for the wrong things they did. In the daytime, they spat on people, yelling and thrashing people to the ground to work faster. Furthermore, in order to “reproduce more” and cumulate the labor forces, they raped women and girls.
In the village, people needed to make the list for what they did for the day and report at 10 p.m. The people needed to memorize the names of their assigned officers and high ranked officers in the country. 
The assigned officers could treat the people under his command whatever they want. They are allowed to make fun of them and made them to do things that are humiliating and cruel. They entertained themselves in most grotesque way they could think of. Daniel was assigned to Nina’s house, but he didn’t do any of those things the other soldiers did. 
One day when armies distributed food, they beat up the boy so bad that he ended up dead. The soldiers explained to the superior officers that they happen to hit a boy because he was trying to get the food twice. “It was just an accident,” they said. In reply, the superior officers encouraged them about their great service of keeping the order in the nation.
Daniel couldn’t laugh or entertain with his comrades in presence of other officers. On the weekend, the officers made their subordinate to look at the wall for a whole day. So those subordinates did nothing else but to stare at the wall for hours and hours.
Nina just talked to him when he came to the house, because he brought useful news and stole some of the meal from the high ranked officers. She was sick of him being around here because she hated Veron and he worked under him. But as the time went by, she and he became a friend, so she greeted him when he came. He always muttered foolish words which weren’t even funny. And as he was uneducated, Nina couldn’t even talk about her area of study, which she learned from her pupils hired by Simard Polchinski. Daniel even tried to propose to her, saying that he loves her, which Nina plainly ignored him. Nevertheless, he came to visit Nina to bring her the meal he stole from the base.
But the things didn’t go well when Veron tried to extract information from Simard Polchinski. Daniel went cold on the ground in the hand of Veron’s army while trying to stop the soldiers from getting to Nina.
When Nina saw him for the last time, before he was killed, he ran toward her house, blushing and muttering unfunny jokes as usual and finally said to her, “I will never forget you, or the first time I met you… I love you,” and kissed her and ran away. And that was the last thing she remembers about him. After Veron raided the house and killed Simard Polchinski, Nina escaped and stayed at Alvin Caravel’s shelter. Captain Stein came to the shelter shortly after and told them about the village was completely burnt down to the ground.
Nina sighed, looking at the dinosaur, and lay herself down on the floor, whispering to herself.
“That crazy bastard…”
And she closed her eyes.

Chapter 35
Karl Wolff

“So, where did you go that day?” said Alvin.
“Uhh… Urrrhhg?” said Jake made a sound like Jar Jar Binks.
“Where did you go that day?” repeated Alvin.
“I just played on the field with Tasha sir,” murmured Jake.
“And you and Tasha just happened to be wearing that goofy clothes?” frowned Alvin. 
“…” Jake silenced, glimpsing at Alvin and the floor interchangeably.
“Tell me, I’m not going to be mad at you,” said Alvin, rather kindly.
“Alvin, do you know who Karl Wolff is?” said Jake.
Alvin was little surprised at this, but said calmly. “I do, Jake, have you met him?”
“Yes, I… I went up to the school that rich kids went to, so I thought that I could be one of them. Because people in the city were always talking that we have no hope and doomed to live rest of our lives in here,” said Jake, trembling with anger.
“… Karl Wolff was called the Straw Man because he is good at, well, bluffing. He is one of the cruelest people in the circle of Cassandra. But it seems like you are alive… you are extremely lucky,” said Alvin, with a dark shadows on his face. “Do not go there anymore, Jake.”
“But Alvin, I want to…” murmured Jake, wanting to protest by pointing out that Alvin was the one who induced him to go to the institution.
“Jake, you could have died. Before you learn everything you need to know from me, I forbid you from doing this anymore. You put yourself and Tasha’s life in danger. Do you understand, Jake? Don’t go there, ever again.” said Alvin, rigidly. Jake blinked his eyes.
“… Yes sir,” murmured Jake, repining about Alvin’s short term memory.
“Man to man, Jake, promise me,” Alvin put his rusty pinky to Jake.
“I promise,” said Jake, wrapping the pinky.
“Now let’s get out. I hoped to prevent teaching this to you but I think you’ll go your way no matter what I say. So, I’ll teach you how to fire a gun,” Alvin took out his revolver from his belt and hand it to Jake. It was the old classical revolver, had six chambers, and was the heavy, bold and dull looking piece of metal. Jake was fumbling around with his fingers.
“We’ll practice with this first. And get Tasha also, that brave young girl,” grinned Alvin.
Jake was excited, he was almost jumping with his bruised ass. Jake made a huge smile, imagining what she’ll react to this. But as soon as Alvin stood up, he frowned, suddenly remembered something.
“Wait Jake, let’s do it tomorrow,” said Alvin, looking at the calendar. Jake’s sudden excitement vanished, he groaned.
Alvin went to the kitchen, there was Diana taking a nap at the couch, passed out in hot weather. She went to her mother’s in the afternoon, chatted and brought some of the apple pies and other foods which her mother made. 
Looking at the size of the food basket, no doubt she talked with her mother how mean, rude, ignorant, and disrespectful Alvin was. Evidently it earned her mother’s pity. She was wearing her shorts and just fainted on the couch, sleeping. Alvin saw that she was wearing a necklace on the top of her breasts. 
‘Maybe he brought it from her mother,’ thought Alvin. The sunlight shined at her, her feature was astonishingly beautiful. Alvin walked at the window and spread a blind, and smiled at Diana.
“So, angel did knock on my door,” scoffed Alvin, grabbing his hat and wallet on the table, and left the house.

At the same time, Veron was being paranoid about Nina as she pulled out all the ghosts and the undercover units lurking inside his military base. Titto was now exhausted at Veron’s panic that he rather went bold and crazy. Veron didn’t eat nor sleep and made Titto stay with him whenever he needed him. Veron brought some superstitious idol, the rock, and put it on his chamber and brought the ‘renowned’ fortune teller in and spent time with her. 
Melady hated Veron more and started lamenting her life. The fortune teller talked to Veron that she saw in her dream that some blue fox was lying to him and will be a bad omen to him. Veron turned to Melady, because she had blue eyes, and start interrogating her about whether she was really mute. Poor Melady resisted violently and scratched Veron’s face. And she eventually ended up in a cell. She wept bitterly there, praying that one day she might get out of there.
Veron got other women, but hated them because he was infatuated with Melady. He drank strong liquor made out of cat’s liver, and sometimes from the snake, which the fortune teller said it was good for his health. The fortune teller even discussed with Veron that whether to sacrifice his own wife to the idol. Night and day he bowed down to the rock, and brought all other idol worshipers and just meditated on his chamber.
Titto didn’t care anymore what Veron does but he was concerned about Valentine. He just couldn’t let Veron kill Valentine for some sacrifice to some dumb rock standing in the room. So, Titto tipped Valentine about Veron trying to kill her. The very next day Valentine ordered the officer from Special Forces and wiped out all the family member of the fortune teller and blackmailed her that if she doesn’t leave voluntarily, she will be tortured in a most horrifying way she could ever imagine. 
The fortune teller was mad that Valentine killed her family, called her a ruthless bitch and told Veron about the doom of his regime. As a result, Veron locked Valentine in a cell also, and set up a time for her sacrifice.
After Titto heard what happened, he walked down to the cell to visit Valentine.
“I told you to kidnap the fortune teller’s son, not take him out, didn’t I?” said Titto to Valentine. Melady was crying silently in the corner.
“Well, yes, I should’ve have listen to you,” said Valentine, smiling weakly. “Am I going to die at next full moon, Titto?”
“Veron is meditating in his chamber right now. I know some powerful politicians who can help you and Melady out of here,” said Titto.
“Titto… you’re risking too much, leave this place…” said Valentine, with an exhausted voice.
“What? Do you think I don’t even have courage to do that?” said Titto, angrily. “Wait here, because soon Nina will move, and there will be a chaos, at that time, I will get you ladies out of here.”
“Titto…” said Valentine, weakly.
“Yes, my lady?” said Titto, concerned. Valentine looked at him; her furrow on her skin was deep. She was leaning her head on the metal bar, groaning in low tones.
“I’m sorry…” said Valentine, closing her eyes. Her tear came down from her cheek.

Veron inquired the fortune teller about Nina Polchinski and the relation between the disappeared officers in the last week.
“What is she like Veron?” said the fortune teller, with a veil on her head.
“I don’t know, her power is growing but she does not give homage to me!” shouted Veron.
“Isn’t she the one who is giving you the most profit than others?” said the fortune teller. Veron was amazed that she knew this fact.
“Yes! But you see, she’s not like others! She just acts differently! She got no emotion!” bellowed Veron.
“So, you want to kill her because she doesn’t take bribe…” said the fortune teller and scoffed. Veron raised his eyebrows, leering at her.
“I got something to tell you something, dictator, you are going to be one of biggest idiots in a history,” said the fortune teller, and started laughing hard. Veron spiked with sudden rage, took out his gun and shot right over her head. The bullet pierced into the wall, the laughter ceased. She stared at Veron.
“Next bullet will go through your head,” hissed Veron. The fortune teller jeered.
“You are missing the point here, dictator. If Nina is bothering you, just kill her,” the fortune teller sneered and gave a hideous smile. Her yellow, disfigured teeth showed its faces.
“Yes, but…” Veron frowned.
“You don’t need others to know, all you have to do is remove her. Do you really think your dynasty will continue? You are in the verge of extinction, now even most loyal soldiers leave your command. But if Nina is gone, it’ll be ok, at least for a while. And don’t forget, more sacrifice you make, you will receive more from the ancient gods.” said the fortune teller, seeing Veron greedily and left the room. She got many treasures of gold and jewelry since she worked here.

Titto entered, stared at the fortune teller with a loathsome look. In the morning, Titto secretly ordered the Special Forces to take the fortune teller out, as soon as Nina Polchinski moves in an unexpected way. Titto entered, sighing deeply at the table lightened by candles, full of meats, fruits and fatty meals before the rock.
“Ahh… who is this! My counselor!” exclaimed Veron, laughing and hugging Titto. Titto was about to puke on his head.
“What do you suggest? Not that I haven’t tried killing her but she is very talented at what she does,” murmured Veron, with a deranged look. Titto stared at him for a moment and realized that he was talking about Nina Polchinski.
“You just have to send a man whom you can trust,” muttered Titto.
“I’ve tried but they failed, Titto, they are either dead or out of reach. I’ve tried to contact Sharine Pestice, but she killed about… more than fifty of my soldiers who just tried to contact her! Well, she made the ancient gods mad! As I am the descendent of gods! Now she is dead in the sea,” said Veron, and he started to laugh detestably like a mad man. Titto didn’t even try to hide an abhorred look at him.
“How about the Straw Man, have you contacted him too?” said Titto. Veron gasped.
“I do not wish to do anything with him! He is pure evil!” bellowed Veron.
“Well, then he would do the job,” said Titto, plainly.
“No… no, no,” Veron started shaking, as if he is having a nightmare. Titto sighed and got up.
“Well, if you’ve made up your mind, please let me know,” said he, suppressing his anger, and walked away. Veron was sweating. He took a heavy breath. As Titto touched the door in the end of the hallway, Veron shouted,
“Ok! Ok…. Contact Karl at the institution and send him to kill Nina!”
“Very well, your highness,” said Titto and walked out the room. The hallway was deserted, like a haunted building, the cold wind passed by, which chilled his spine.
“Let it be, then let it be,” murmured Titto.


Chapter 36
Henry Jefferson

Glock felt sorry for yelling at Sharine, regretting that he lost his temper, grumbling. He didn’t have work today so he went to the pond where Ricky was sitting. Glock approached Ricky who was gripping a fishing pole, looking at the calm surface of the pond.
“Aye aye Glock,” said Ricky, next to him, there were five moderately sized fishes in the basket.
“Hey Ricky, how is it going?” said Glock, chuckling. “Where are your daughters?”
“Oh, they went picnic to the hills over there with Rove,” said Ricky, pointing at the green meadow across the river.
“I see. Bored at fishing huh?” said Glock.
“Yes, I presume. Sailing is much fun. Maybe it is not bad to take a trip outside of the village,” said Ricky, chuckling. “Get your axes ready Glock.”
“You have gone yourself without telling us,” said Glock.
“Did I?” said Ricky, grinning. Glock sat down, grunting, and watched the pond for a while.
“Awfully quiet today…” said Ricky. “Is there something you want to tell me, Glock?”
“I met a girl few days ago, Ricky, she was a castaway,” said Glock.
“Uh huh.”
“She was wounded and about to pass out. But she was wild and cunning, Ricky, she stabbed my chest, although too weak to go through my armor,” muttered Glock, pointing at his heart. Ricky laughed good-heartily.
“Bless her, she have survived your barbaric rage,” said Ricky, grinning. “What is her name Glock?”
“Ahh she said Sharine, and what was her last name?... No, I don’t think she told her last name,” said Glock, scratching his head.
“Well, maybe you can introduce her to me,” Ricky grinned.
“Yeah, I should,” said Glock, not telling Ricky about the argument they had recently. “She is from Cassandra, Ricky.”
Ricky frowned and slowly turned to Glock.
“Sharine... did you say? I know that name.” said Ricky, his eyes beaming lightly.
“Really? Is she an assassin? Terrorist? Did a bad thing? Who is she?” questioned Glock.
“It was my best friend’s daughter. I didn’t know she was alive…” murmured Ricky.
“Well, you got to meet her then!” shouted Glock, gladly.
“I’ll meet her, but there’s no need to tell her about this, Glock,” said Ricky.
“But, if she’s…” said Glock, but Ricky interrupted.
“I think it is best she doesn’t know… Promise me you won’t tell her,” said Ricky.
“… but,” said Glock.
“Glock?” Ricky raised his eyebrows. Glock grunted and looked at the pond.
“Ok, Ricky, I won’t. Who is she anyway?” said Glock.
“It was a love in secret,” said Ricky, smiling kindly. “She was born between Henry Jefferson and Amber Pestice. In the dark era, where Cassandra was filled with war, Henry was initially with Veron, but later turned against him. It was quite stupid, because Veron’s army was quite vast to deal with, but I’m quite proud of him. Henry killed many Veron’s soldiers and officers. But after many battles, Henry lost the ground. He was outnumbered and finally gave in. At that time Amber had a child named Sharine, I do believe she managed to escape. I presume that their daughter’s name is Sharine Pestice, rather than using Henry’s last name, Jefferson.” said Ricky.
“Was he dear friend of yours?” said Glock.
“Yes,” Ricky said bitterly. “Veron was pretty upset about Henry. And I have too, been mad at him for following Veron, but I guess no one is perfect. I was there when they executed Henry.”

Ten years ago, the crowd, full of enthusiasm, held an exhilarating feast with beer bubbles foamed on their lips. The country had declared the end of the war, celebrating Veron’s rise to the power. Veron swore to people the unification and ‘sanitation’ of races. Grandeur songs were played on the street, armies proudly marched, saluting the new political party. Most of the soldiers are from the low-income families, who spent their whole life on a street begging for coins. They are now proudly in uniforms, overwhelmed with emotions, bursting into tears upon their victory. The soldiers gathered around and each of them tapped the shoulders for a good job. The Medal of Honor shined upon their chest, the street was full of champagne spills and laughter. “True utopia has arrived!” they cheered.
There were prisoners chained, walking in rows. The crowds raged and began to curse at them. The beer bottles and the leftover foods started flying toward the prisoners. One of the crowds cried out. “How do you feel now? When you are brought down from your fancy house?” For some others, they comforted each other.
But among these events, the most heated topic was about the great enemy Captain, Henry Jefferson and his betrayer. They said he had a delirious mind and suffering from long trauma. Jefferson was accused of treason, that he showed his doubt about Veron’s regime since his birth and plotted his evil schemes against the government. He was captured and been put to trials. The news spread, he’s about to be executed in a public square, Veron wanted to set him as an example.
Henry was standing on the escalated stage in the middle of the public square. The crowd formed like frenzy piranha fans at the concert, fuming blood thirsty looks. The executor stood on a stage, crowd started clapping at him. He bowed at a crowd like a show host.
“Beloved citizens! We gathered today to witness the execution of the last infidel in our country! Captain Henry Jefferson, dishonorable and evil man who committed treason!” the crowd cheered.
Henry was silent. Looking down on the floor, saturated with tortures but he had a ridiculously peaceful face. He’s remembering what happened back then, thinking about how crazy he was at that time. The whole thing just happened so quickly. In the middle of the warzone, when he and his rangers led the way, the dawn broke out, fulfilling men’s wishes who hoped that the dreadful night to be over. Henry was in command when they were raiding the Prime Minister’s house.
“I bet you are one of those who let the poor starve while you’re enjoying your fancy meal with your kids huh?” one of the soldiers shot the Minister on leg. Others grabbed his wife, starts ripping her clothes. All guards in the house were killed by the rangers, forming a pond of blood on a living room floor.
“Make sure you see this, I can too fuck a royal pussy! Now you serve us! We’re going to exploit you as same as you did it to us!” The group of men shouted with exhilarating pleasure. Woman resisted and screamed, spat on the soldier who’s raping her. The solider, frustrated about this, start hitting her head with a butt plate of the gun. The woman scream reduced the volume, she gurgled, and eventually silenced. Minister yelled with anger and resisted harder. But he was thrown on the floor, the group of soldiers started stepping on him.
Henry looked at this dully, but he moved on. He have seen these same old sceneries during past few years, it was nothing special. He walked to next bed room, and upon the corner, he found the girl on the corner, trembling. Henry was startled at the scene, and the girl looked at him with tear full in her eyes. “Mommy…” she started running across bed before he could do anything. As soon as she was at the door, there was a gunshot, girl dropped coldly on a floor. The pond of blood formed around her.
“Hew… You know, I thought it was another guard” said one of the rangers, the group burst into laughter. That laughter ranged on Henry’s ear, he came to his senses what he was doing. His tear dropped from his eye, he was suddenly grasped with insurmountable rage. Like a mad man, he walked slowly toward his men. And he pulled the trigger.
The flag swung in the public square. The executor’s voice continued. “…For murdering countless soldiers on the middle of a battleground. Long grudges against the fellow comrades have led to an action ….” The warm breezes hit on Jefferson’s face, ringing with bird chirping, heated up under the sun. He sighed, his face eased.
“Any last word, Captain?” The executor seemed young, about around his twenties. He spoke with the voice full of the pride and contempt over the Captain. Henry looked at him. His grumpy, hoarse voice cracked the atmosphere.
“Go fuck yourself.” he said to the executioner, grinning. The executioner smirked, nodded, and turned to soldiers holding a gun. “All men stand!”
And then, Henry started to chuckle which converted into a hideous laughter. The crowd roared in anger, booing at the criminal. The executioner’s face got distorted, he shouted.
“Fire!” The gunshot roared, crowd cheered upon their victory. 
Henry was on the floor, mumbling. “Forgive us…”

Chapter 37
Declaring a War

Nina grabbed all the puzzles back to the toy box, and put them in the shelves. She ripped off the entire papers forming cocoon on the wall and threw it to an overflowing trash can. 
The gray clouds formed outside, the sun was covered by it. The shadows loomed above Cassandra.
She put on the uniform and took her old cap, which she have received when she first became an admiral. Nina took the dust off it and pushed it unto her head. She looked at the mirror, nodding, took a deep breath and walked out of the room.
She went to Stein’s room and burst inside; Stein, startled, stood up quickly.
“Ad… admiral, is there something wrong?” said Stein, saluting at her.
“Captain, gather all the units inside the bunker, twelve p.m., sharp,” said Nina.
“Admiral?” said Stein, clueless.
“Every one of them, get them fully armed. We will infiltrate the enemy base,” said Nina.
Stein seemed like he was relieved, as he was waiting for too long. Satisfied, his face eased.
“About time,” said Stein.
“Prepare for an attack, Captain Stein, take charge of the infantry units and tanks. Distribute the Machina suits and cloaking devices to the infantry; send logistics to proper location according to the protocols. Inform Captain Nottingham at the Navy base, position the battleships and submarines, and call James to command the assault choppers for an air strike. I’ll lead the ghosts.” said Nina.
“Yes admiral,” Stein smiled.
“Tanks will wait for my orders. Hide them in the base #746 along with the nearby bunkers surrounding Veron’s headquarters. Attack all the commanding post of Veron’s army. Alternate routes and units related to the secondary protocols wait inside the designated positions and wait for my command. The assault choppers will be in a readiness position at the Mt. Ballor,” said Nina with a firm voice.
Stein saluted in silence, grabbed his cap and went out to the hallway.
All unit inside headquarter were gathered in the underground bunker. Although the space was large, the room was packed. They had various fighting equipments and wears, looked more like mercenaries than soldiers. James informed Nina that all undercover units were back in the base and Veron started moving his army and tanks. Stein and James stood on the front, where all other units watching them nervously. They silenced as Nina entered and walked up to the stage. They looked at her, looking bold and determined. They stood all in one unit. Nina stood before them. She took a deep breath and opened her mouth.
“I know many of you heard, our countrymen, the young bloods have been spilled. They were executed right on the spot in the old abandoned building, without even checking of any involvement. Instead, they beheaded their heads and presented on the square.
“Too long, we have suffered! And too long was our wait; spent every night praying that we should have never been born. But be of good cheer, my dear friends, because we are not of the dead but born to live. Because we all know there is the place where the shadows of death cannot prevail.
“Let us show the world that righteousness prevails, that Veron’s army will break like a house of cards! Because there are men who will not kneel against tyranny and no man is saved by a multitude of an army. So be bold my friends! All our efforts to fight for the good in this world will not go to waste!”
Nina roared. There were raging shouts and howls of cheer inside the bunker.
“Yeah baby, let’s kick some asses!” Sarah howled, jumping with Paul and Michel. Echoes and shouts heated up the bunker. Jessica and Krieg were smiling, both wearing thick goofy glasses, looking at them jumping here and there.
“Hold me tight,” said Jessica to Krieg.
“Why?” Krieg frowned.
“Because we are going into the storm. It will be one heck of a ride!” Jessica grabbed Krieg’s neck and kissed him.

Chapter 38
Happy Birthday

“What was that?” said Diana, little amazed.
“Well, I got you a dress. Thought we’d go out in the Ambrose Street.,” muttered Alvin, holding the purple dress on his hand. “There is a restaurant there, and many musicians hiding under the regime.”
“Ambrose Street? You want me to wear dress in there?” said Diana, frowning.
“Yes, well… I know it’s a little shabby place but I would argue that it’s absolutely beautiful. We can perhaps order a dinner and perhaps a wine,” said Alvin, scratching his head with one hand  and handing the dress to Diana with the other.
“A ‘little’ you say?” Diana giggled. She felt the soft texture of the dress and hung it on her arm. The end of the dress touched the ground slightly.
“Yes, will you come with me?” said Alvin, gulping his spit. It made rather unintentionally loud sound. 
Diana looked at him for a moment and took a deep breath.
“I’d love to,” said she, smiling
Alvin smiled, trying not to smile to big.
“I’ll look like a fool to wear this in there Alvin,” Diana laughed softly. Her cheeks became scarlet; she slowly stepped back from Alvin. “I’ll be ready soon,” said Diana, charmingly; she winked and she went to her room.
Diana didn’t even know it was her birthday. She was just surprised at the gorgeous dress Alvin just handed to her. Although it seemed little too exposed. She was excited, jumping around in the room. Diana grabbed her cosmetics, lipsticks, various perfumes and spread it on her table. She took her pink towel and hopped toward the restroom to take a shower.
Alvin never asked Diana out before, although after they adopted Jake and Tasha, they filed a marriage to avoid unnecessary suspicions from the government. As house was huge and there was almost nothing inside except some booby traps which Alvin set up for the security reason, Diana came into the house because she didn’t want to walk back and forth from her mother’s house.
Many things happened ever since, Alvin never thought he could have a family. But seeing the children growing up and quarreling with Diana on the way  made a weird sensation inside his heart. His guns are in his room, sleeping under his bed, he hoped that he will never have to take it out again.
Alvin was grumbling on the first floor, just walking back and forth. “Well, she looks happy, that is good, that is good...! Hope this goes well,” he took a deep breath to ease his pumping heart. He is regretting that he grounded Tasha and Jake, normally they would visit the Diana’s mother’s house on Wednesday night. They loved the food there; it was a lot better than what Diana made.
Alvin cleared his throat and went to his room, and start digging the closet in the basement. There were few military uniforms which hung inside the closet, which he wore when he worked as the undercover unit. He reached further to the bottom and grabbed his tuxedo, which was folded gently on the bottom. There was a bullet hole on the side of the tux but one has to see it closely in order to recognize it. 
We walked up to the restroom in the hallway. Alvin took off the shirt, took out the shaving cream and the razor knife.
“Well, it’s not bad is it?” murmured Alvin, looking at his abs. “Arrrgh,” he growled at the mirror, puffing up his muscles. There were various bullet wound and the trace of old stitches on his body. He put on a cream on his chin, putting the razor on the steaming water; the razor slightly touched his Adam’s apple.
Later, Alvin was standing in the doorway. Diana was taking a long time. He just walked around in circle. Tasha strolled across the hall, their eyes met. Tasha snorted, looking at Alvin who was startled by her; she winked at him and went into the kitchen. Tasha took out the whole cookie jar, and dauntlessly walk passed Alvin, winking at him again. Alvin just stared at Tasha but couldn’t say anything about ‘no-cookies-before-dinner’ rule.
“Tasha?” said Alvin. Tasha whirled around.
“Shh…” said he, putting an index finger on his lips. Tasha smiled and nodded violently, and went up to her room.
Half an hour later, Alvin was sitting down on the stair. But as soon as the door creaked, he stood up. Diana came down the stair and walked toward him with a purple velvet dress. She showed her bare back, circling around. Alvin looked mesmerized.
“Well?” Diana blushed at Alvin, her heart pumping.
“You look astonishingly ravishing,” said Alvin.
Diana smiled, laughing softly.
“By the way, you look very pretty.”
And they kissed at the doorstep.

Chapter 39
The Fountain

The sun was rising from the mountain top. A duck couple appeared from the bush, walking toward Glock who was sitting on the big log. He gazed, and threw them a piece of bread. Duck quacked and quacked, fighting over the bread, jumping with their short leg trying to catch the bread he threw. But they end up picking it up from the ground. Leaves fell from the trees as the wind struck.
They are quacking again, and other duck with a green and black head arrived and they are chasing each other around, still quacking. He just liked watching them, fascinated by them every time. The little squirrels climbed up on the trees and the sparrow was jumping around on the grass.
Sharine managed to get promise from Kevin to take her to the secret hunting trip. Kevin said he will bring two guns, seeing her pistol she was carrying.
“That’s not good enough,” he said. She was waiting for the Kevin to come to the fountain located in the middle of the town. The water which contained in the fountain was almost vacant as if it was just filled whenever the rain fell.
“Why bother having this ugly thing?” said Sharine, looking at the dull looking greenish fountain.
Sharine hoped that Kevin will bring the gun similar to the sexy sniper rifle which she saw in the ‘Kiss My Ass’ weaponry shop. Although he would probably bring some massive ugly machine gun, which she couldn’t even carry. She is just planning to use her pistol if that was the case. Although considering what Glock said about the creatures, it would be wise to carry big guns around. Whatever those things were, they wiped out the entire crews and Nina’s talented ghost armies in the southern sea.
She was looking at the big clock at the faraway tower, grumbling that Kevin is late. It was a bright sunny day. On the grass field right next to the fountain, some of the guys were playing freeze bees, and some tied the trees with the rope and did the rope walking. 
Sharine waited for a while, Kevin wasn’t there. She just sat on the edge of the fountain and waited. Her arm is feeling better, she could move it around a little.
“Having a good time eh?” said Kevin from her back, Sharine startled, looked back.
“You are late,” said Sharine; she stared at the sniper rifle he carried. It was not the same one she saw at the ‘Kiss My Ass’ shop, but it looked light and slim.
“Huh? Oh,” said Kevin looking at the clock tower. “My bad, my watch got messed up.”
Kevin adjusted the time in his watch. And then he pulled out the gun strapped on his back and handed to her.
“I saw your wounds the other night, so I brought the light one from one of the hunters in the club,” said Kevin. Sharine stared at Kevin, clearing her throat.
“Thank you,” said she.
“Sure, babe,” said Kevin, awkwardly, trying to look cool. Looking at Kevin, Sharine wondered whether he took this gun without asking for permission.
“Have… have you seen this fountain before?” muttered Kevin.
“No I haven’t,” said Sharine.
“Oh then, I’ve got a surprise for you!” shouted Kevin, walking around the side of the fountain, lowering his head, looking for something.
“What are you doing?” said Sharine, frowning.
Kevin stopped and opened the small metal door. He grabbed the yellow lever and pulled it. With a loud heavy machine sound, the bottom of the fountain opened and water fell below. There were spiral stairs leading to the underground. Sharine just stared at it, astonished. 
“Cool,” said Sharine, her eyes blinking.
“You want to stay in the village then?” asked Kevin.
“I’m thinking about it.”
“Baby, if you’ve got nowhere to stay,” Kevin winked, again, awkwardly spreading his arm. “You are always welcome in my place.”
“Maybe I will,” said Sharine in a playful tone, smiling at Kevin; he coughed, cleared his throat and explained,
“Yes, underground is the only way that people can get to this village, there are many doors and hatches that leads to either outside or a different room. But as village moves from time to time, it is really hard to find the right entrance. I’ve heard, but never tried, that you don’t want to open the wrong door. So if other pirates come to this island they always end up making a grave inside this maze. But, as long as we got this from the tower,” said Kevin, taking out some device looked like a pager. “We don’t get lost. It’s like the compass that shows the location of the village. But if the village moves, the device become useless as it always points to the location when we left the village.”
“Nice,” said Sharine, now got a sense where all the money went. “What if they come from the air?”
“It has to be pretty good jet, or it will be shot down by our artilleries. You know the bandits can’t own jets,” Kevin grinned. “But I shouldn’t tell you these things because you are yet a foreigner. So if others ask you what I was talking about, say I was hitting on you.”
“Ok,” Sharine laughed.
“So, shall we?” Kevin put his hat on and step into the cold dark stairs.
They walked down the slippery moldy stairs, which, if one falls, then he goes straight down to the stony cold floor. Sharine wanted to ask about the strange creatures which Glock talked about.
“Why do we need your huge gun for?” said Sharine.
“I guess you still have much to learn about this place,” said Kevin. “The reason Ricky built a town is for a protection,”
“Yes, I assume that the village looks bit peculiar… Although some of the huts here are just built separately, the village is initially made out of trains.” said Sharine.
“Correct,” said Kevin, “The town adjusts according to the railroad that is previously designed by Ricky and then it moves accordingly to the new location so the other people won’t find it about it.”
“So why does it hard to enter it if you spot something is moving?” asked Sharine.
“Because you can never go near it,” said Kevin.
“What do you mean?” said Sharine.
“Well those creatures, are, well creatures made in some lab facility. We have collaborated with some scientists… They were working on some bio weaponry. I don’t know too much about how they came here. But Ricky used some chemical compound which attracts them near village. So, initially those creatures dwelled in this island even before the village was built, but now it is surrounding us all the time. But the main gate and the wall is heavily guarded by a thick metal door. So, the only way people can come is not straight toward the metal door, but they had to go into the maze, which lies in the underground.”
Sharine gulped, convinced that those creatures were the one who attacked the ship.
“So, this is the maze that we are entering now?” asked Sharine.
“Yes, it consists of three layered maze, if you want to go to the village, sometimes it gets deeper but that is for other purposes. In the third layer, there are mine carts,” said Kevin.
“Mine carts?” said Sharine.
“Yeah, it’s pretty fast; I mean if we catch anything, deer or some bounties, we don’t want to drag that toward the town are we?” said Kevin, grinning.
They were coming down the stairs and now the ladder attached to the small hole.
“If you get lost, can’t you call?” asked Sharine.
“We can, only if the line is secure. There are some transmissions mini towers; well, you basically use it like a payphone. But it’s hard to find it. Maybe couple of weeks of desperate searching, without getting killed, one might see one.”
“Is that on purpose?”
“No, the budget,” said Kevin, smiling. Sharine snorted. They eventually came down the third layer. Kevin shone his flash light. The small mine cart was sitting right on the track. He was adjusting the brakes and the headlight of the cart. Sharine smelt old fungus and the moist in the air.
“Kevin?” said Sharine, thinking about Cassandra.
“Yes honey?” said Kevin, grinning.
“There are a lot of bloods in, where I came from,” said Sharine, thinking about dark past she had. “Do you think it is possible to set them free? I mean changing the country like this place?”
“What do you mean, Sharine, what bloods?” said Kevin, quietly.
“You know all those pigs swinging their power just to torture whomever they can hurt,” said Sharine.
“I think you are talking to the wrong person,” said Kevin, little disturbed. “What have you seen?”
“I’ve seen many things,” said Sharine. “I’m sorry. I just wanted to bring some people from Cassandra.”
“Your family?” said Kevin.
“If I have any,” Sharine smiled. “But one person comes to my mind.”
Sharine didn’t know why she thought of Nina Polchinski, whom she met only one time. “I want her to know that place like this exists.”
“…” Kevin silenced just got into the cart.
“Ha… Never mind, what was I thinking?” Sharine sighed, jumped into the cart too.
“I can probably make you to meet Ricky if you want. I met him only once because my boss got really awkward with him whenever he is around. But I think he can help you.” said Kevin and Sharine nodded.
“But for now, prepare for the ride.” Kevin grinned, and pulled the lever. It was dark; only the headlight of the cart was viewing the front and the ride was super violent, it was rumbling and swinging. 
The cart started go up and down, right and left and Sharine just held on to the handle try not to fall out. Like a violent and noisy rollercoaster, it turned around the corner violently where she screamed and the cart vibrated intensely.
Kevin seemed like he is almost enjoying this, howling as it swung and jumped, the loud metal screeching sound and the spark came out of the wheel. Sharine felt intense pulling of her stomach muscle, as if she is about to puke her intestine out.
Kevin, who was staring at the numbers on the wall, suddenly hit the break. Sharine almost jumped out of the mine cart but managed to hang on the side. She grunted. Her hair was sticking out in every direction. She leered at Kevin.
“Now we are here,” said Kevin, smiling at Sharine dying on the cart, locked the brake while looking at the device. He jumped out of the cart and stepped on the rough rubbles. Sharine crawled out, dying, and leaned on the mine carts, breathing hardly.
“Come on, let’s go,” said Kevin, escorting Sharine. “There is no time to waste. It’s not safe down here.”
They climbed the ladder and then the long narrow stairs and opened the huge metal door to get out of the underground maze. Dirt and fallen leaves fell from the side, as the fresh wind swooshed in. They were in the middle of the forest.
“Oh! I almost forgot to give you this!” Kevin reached inside the bag, and took out some chocolate bar.
“Thank you, but no” Sharine waved her hand.
“It’s from the herb garden; the herb lady did some extra work inside it. It’s good when you’re fatigued,” Kevin grinned, offering the bar again.
“If I eat anything now, it will come out,” said Sharine, her face green and yellow.
“Alright,” said Kevin, taking a huge bite at the chocolate bar. 
“I’ll look for the deer trail,” Sharine was walking through the forest, carrying her new sniper rifle. She took her gurka and sliced the leaves and branches, the moth startled and flattered away in her sight. The ground was muddy and the air was moist. 
Sharine was strolling around and saw a white rock, with a bloody hand mark.
“Baby, come here, I’ve got something,” said she, signaling Kevin to come over.
“Huh,” said Kevin. “What is that?”
“How am I supposed to know dumbass?” said Sharine. “Is this like a tombstone?”
“Maybe, there are some tribes living around here. Most of the time they are not friendly,” said Kevin.
“Do they catch us and eat us?” said Sharine, chuckling.
“I’ve heard that they cut your heart out and eat it while it is still beating,” said Kevin.
“Nice, should we shift gear to man hunting instead?” said Sharine, smiling with excitement.
“Is your arm alright?” said Kevin cautiously.
“Yep,” said Sharine, shortly. Moving her arm around to show him, but frowned at the pain.
“No, you’re not,” said Kevin.
“No worries, I can still shoot, it’s my left arm after all. Let’s find the nest and take out the queen, while you distract them with your machine gun, I’ll blow the chief’s head,” said Sharine, cocking her sniper rifle.
“What did you do exactly before you came here?” said Kevin, suspiciously.
“Hunting,” said Shrine, excited. Kevin’s eyes started beaming.
“Well, it wouldn’t hurt to seek adventures once in a while,” said Kevin, grinning. He clutched his huge machine gun and raised it toward Sharine. Sharine touched the gun with her rifle.
“Oh yeah baby, now let’s see wh…” said Sharine.
At that time, the tree trunk above Sharine’s head got exploded, making a huge BANG, and shattered the trunk into pieces spreading debris all over Sharine and Kevin.
“… I just changed my mind. Let’s go home,” said Sharine and started running.
“Yeah… run!” yelled Kevin.
They ran into the woods. The trees and leaves are hitting Sharine’s face. Kevin spat out some flies which the big one made a disgusting vibration inside his mouth. Trees surrounding them started exploding and being shattered.
“What kind of gun is that?” bellowed Kevin.
“I don’t know!” shouted Sharine. She glimpsed back and saw there were many who were following them, yelling angrily and shouting with each other. She felt like she just hit the beehives, and in the next moment Kevin screamed and swooshed up in the air.
“You idiot!” Sharine shouted, but the rope caught her ankle too. She swooshed up the air also; her rifle fell on the ground.
“Great...” Sharine murmured.

The group of people came near with a gun aiming at Sharine and gestured Sharine to drop her pistol on her hand.
“What the fuck are you looking at?” said Sharine, ignoring them completely, and shot one of the approaching men. Kevin was so shocked at this that he started screaming, and the men were yelling madly. The men jumped toward her and started beating her, taking her gun.
“Now now that’s enough!” one of them yelled. The man’s face resembled a horse. They walked toward them, and the all men stopped. The man Sharine shot was lying on the grass spilling his spinal fluid.
“Got some guts lady,” the man sniggered, looking at Sharine hanging on the rope. He kicked Sharine’s face. 
“Shit…” groaned Sharine, sniffing, and spat out the blood in her mouth.
“Ha! The crazy one, I see,” he gleaned at her, laughing.
“Finally we have captured the dweller in this island! Let’s teach these prisoners some lesson how to behave! We’ll have a feast tonight!” he laughed and walked away. The rest of the men stared at each other, and started beating Sharine and Kevin. Eventually, they took them down and tied them up. They made them stand up and walk.


Chapter 40
The Launch

Rain flapped under their shoes, cold rain slipped from the hats, and there were busy movements with those mists from their mouths, surrounded by the broken walls of drafty apartments. 
In the past, the paratroopers were led by Alvin Caravel, and worked with Nina’s ghosts closely than any other units. This was why people called Alvin the right hand of Nina Polchinski. Nina, however, didn’t call him in but led all units in secret.
“Captain Stein, let the tanks out in the field and move them carefully. Hide in the hill. I’ll infiltrate the headquarters along with my ghosts. Inform James about dropping paratroopers on my command,” said Nina, hiding inside the shelter near Veron’s headquarter where the security is bold.
“Roger that admiral, good luck,” said Stein.
“Admiral, who is leading paratroopers?” said agent Dyatt, one of the ghosts.
“Sergeant Sarah,” answered Nina, strapping the cloaking device on her shoulder.
“But admiral, isn’t it better to contact Captain Caravel?” said Dyatt, putting the headgear on his head.
“I’m saving him for later. There is too much risk if we use all the cards. You know his ignorant and extreme risk taking behavior,” said Nina, giggling, “We will need that later.”
“Roger that admiral,” said Dyatt.
“Hold on tight, we will go through this together,” said Nina.

Nina’s marines were spread around under the bridge. They could hear the car racing above and dark water flowing under. They were setting up the bomb on the metal structure below the bridge.
“Michel that scumbag! Wondering around sucking honeys somewhere while lady do all the work?” Sarah grumbled, complaining about Michel who was under Stein’s command. “And I was told to lead the paratroopers too!”
“Soon, we’ll be inside the bunker for an interrogation. I think Nina is trying to capture Veron’s military generals,” said Paul.
“Yes Paul, I know!” yelled Sarah, sarcastically. “I mean I’ve been kissing my ass to strap all the bridge and I’ll have to lead the paratroopers? Nina knows I don’t like the height! And I’m a marine! I’m a marine! I don’t like the height!”
“Hardly feels real if you are thousands feet above the ground,” mumbled Paul, Sarah leered at him. 
“Aye aye,” mumbled Paul.
“And Michel is now having a great time inside that ugly suit Krieg and Jessica made!” shouted Sarah.
“I agree, it is going on the record, the most deformed invention in engineering history,” said Paul.
“Indeed it is! I mean he is having fun in that suit, and I’m doing all the work! How many weeks is this anyway? Look I have wrinkles now! I hardly slept for weeks now!” Sarah screamed and lost her posture. Paul startled and grabbed her from falling down.
“Shhh…” said Paul. “Calm down.”
“Sorry, sorry,” said Sarah, grabbing the metal bar tight.
“So, the ghosts are going to that general meeting?” grumbled Sarah. 
“Yes,” said Paul.
“And then we blow this bridge?” said Sarah, pulling another time bomb out of the bag.
“Yes. Then most tanks will reroute where Captain Stein will be waiting,” said Paul.
“What if someone finds us?” asked Sarah, putting the sticky bomb on the metal frame.
“We blew their head off,” said Paul, fetching the silencer to her. She caught it, managed not to drop it few hundred feet above the water.
“Roger that,” said Sarah, smiling.

In general’s meeting, the high ranking military officers were singing the song and did some salute to Veron’s portrait. They opened with the long line of praise that Veron is thinking only of the people in Cassandra and he is royal and great, and generals mumbled how great Veron was and talked to themselves that he is a descendent of gods. They were nodding themselves about the idol in his chamber that he is getting power from the ancestors, agreeing with each others.
Furthermore, they’ve talked about the fortune teller he brought in his chamber that she was really ‘good.’
The briefing was orderly in the beginning but hardly made any progress. One of the commanders stood up and shouted at some colonel that he didn’t respect the elders. The colonel, displeased, talked back at the commander saying they are incompetent. The bunch of generals stood up from a chair and started cursing at the colonel.
The colonel, red-faced, pointed finger at the commander. They shouted that he is one year older than him so he should pay homage to him and apologize right at this moment. Some of the men tried to stop the fighting but others started boasting about their past contribution to the country to despise others. When other guy called them liars, and threw a glass at them. When the glass shattered on the floor, they started a fist fighting.

Not far away from the place. Inside the small motel room, Nina’s ghosts stood, all strapped with their cloaking devices.
“We are in the zone, I repeat, we are in the zone,” said the voice from the walky-talky. It was from the second division of the ghosts, informing to Nina. Nina turned to her units in the room and said,
“Veron’s high ranking generals will be here. Veron is shit scared about our stealth capability so he decided not to attend. He is either hiding at his mansion or well securitized bunker. You all know the personnel we need to extract information. The mission is to bring them into custody,” said Nina.
“Yes admiral,” they said in unison in a low voice.
“All unit, cloak,” said Nina, and everyone disappeared.

Chapter 41
Titto’s Conscience

Nina sometimes brought useful information to Veron, such as reporting some doing the gangs selling cocaine behind Veron’s eyes, or reporting some assassination secretly done. Not all information was accurate, but it was very useful to Veron to manage the local communities from rising against the regime. But Veron felt like a lab rat under Nina. Also, as her power rose, Veron could not help himself from being afraid of losing everything he owns.
He was glad that Karl responded to his request and left the institution to search for Nina Polchinski. Although Veron refused to meet with Karl, Titto seemed to handle things well.
Karl Wolff was infamous even among the most notorious and sickly criminals inside Cassandra because he is known as the person who eats the babies. He became famous long time ago in the small provincial town inside Cassandra. At that time the town was upside down because the child was kidnapped. All the townspeople came out looking for the missing baby, with shotguns and other farming tools. Later in the night, they’ve found one man sitting in the barn. The farmers, who were mad, screamed to put his hand in the air. When he turned around, however, they were frozen at the spot. What they saw was the bloody man with the baby whose head was gone. The sight was so horrifying that they dropped their weapons and ran away. 
The rumor spread. “There is horrifying fiend among us! Like that old count, who sucks the blood out of beautiful women, and leave her in a lifeless form. This monster does it to the children!” Because of this monstrous act, even Veron refused to do anything with him. He kept a distance until now, when he became desperate to protect the regime.
Veron was with the fortune teller now, who was telling Veron to get rid of Titto because he is a coward and will betray him eventually. But he didn’t quite want to get rid of Titto because he was too useful; instead he talked about getting rid of Nina Polchinski. The fortune teller made a disturbing giggle like a rat and said that Veron should sacrifice his wife at the altar at the time of next full moon. Veron swore to the fortune teller that he will do it. After this, the fortune teller talked about Nina, listening to this, Veron said,
“You mean Nina is seeking revenge?” Veron blinked his small eyes.
“Oh yes, definitely, look at that fragile figure! I mean look at all this stuff? She is overdoing it, definitely,” said the fortune teller, with her freaky giggle.
“So, are you suggesting that Nina is alive just to kill me?” said Veron, angrily, but afraid.
“Yes, so remove her now!” she exclaimed.
“So what you do suggest?” said Veron.
“Use a dummy, of course! Lure her in by promoting her to the better position!” screeched the fortune teller, her eyes bulging out with a red vein. “And we will make a complete fool out of Ms. Polchinski! If she takes bait, we kill her there.” she laughed with her high pitched voice.
After this, the fortune teller left, leaving Veron alone with the rock in his chamber, he muttered to himself that,
“Nina, that heartless bitch schemes very well. Every choice she makes chokes me as if I’m plugged in. I’m becoming paranoid. I want some merry drinks which makes me forget about these things. I fear her…” said he.
Veron wasn’t feeling well. He felt a discomfort in his chest recently, like something clogged inside, making him difficult to breathe. Melady and his wife are still in the cell; he heard that Melady stopped eating and she cries all day long.
“Maybe this is due to stress,” he thought to himself. And he drank his finest wine he got from the foreign land. But he felt a sharp chest pain and spat out the wine on the floor. 
He suddenly got furious at Nina, yelling that this was all her fault. He threw the wine bottle on the floor and shouted with anger. And he coughed, he felt like he was slowly drowning. He kept saying “it’s just a stress, it’s just a stress. I’ve been too worried about this stuff,” he murmured. And Titto came in.
“I’ve heard a noise, are you all right?” said Titto, plainly, not quite the concerning tone. “You know your son is doing well in the institution. But I think it would be the best if you rest for a while.”
Veron looked at him, not hearing what he said.
“Right… where is Melady? I’ve got to see her! Does she ready to apologize to me yet?” said Veron, his eyes bulging out.
“No, I haven’t heard her for a long time. She is having a hard time, so please be merciful. Oh your wife asked that…”
Suddenly Veron threw the wine glass at Titto. The glass broke, shattered on his head and the drop of blood came down.
“You are useless, I’ll go myself,” said Veron, his bluish lips quivering with anger.
Titto silenced, wiping his face with his sleeves. Veron left the room, Titto regretted of dealing with Veron in the first place. Thought he would change someday, if he could persuade him to be better. He had a faintest hope that even if Cassandra cannot become the democratic nation he can at least lead to a right direction. But all was no use; he stepped into the wrong road. Titto glanced at the shattered glass. He groaned and sunk down on the chair.
He couldn’t concentrate for a while, thinking about fleeing the country. Not only because of Veron but as he was disturbed at the briefing he had in the morning. Something was not right about Polchinski’s move. Suddenly, Valentine walked in.
“My lady…” said Titto, surprised at her. “How did you...?”
“Well, my husband is raping a girl in a cell, I guess he needed a private time, so I slipped out of the cell,” said Valentine, trembling with sorrow and reproach.
“He’s losing it, my lady,” said Titto.
“We’ve got to do something Titto. People are fleeing this country after they saw the merciless killing on the square. Maybe it is best for me to contact Nina,” said Valentine.
Titto didn’t believe what he just heard; he was amazed but continued calmly.
“My lady, if Veron finds out, he will kill you,” said Titto. 
“I don’t want my people to suffer no more, Titto,” she said.
Titto stared at Valentine. Her face was full of deep wrinkles due to constant stress and sorrow. She looked extremely weak; he wouldn’t be surprised even if she collapses on the floor right at this moment.
“… Very well my lady. I’ll promptly arrange the meeting with Polchinski that might satisfy her needs. I might find some way to convince Veron to sit at the negotiation table,” said Titto, standing up.
“I thought you said she does not care about politics,” said Valentine.
“No she doesn’t, but we might create a stalemate,” said Titto, but Valentine shook her head.
“We will play by her rules. I’m asking you to surrender the database,” said Valentine, Titto felt his heart sank.
“No my lady, that is foolish, it will do no good,” said Titto, waving his hand.
“Can’t you trust her consultant? That she will do what is good for this country?” questioned Valentine.
“It’s hard to say my lady. The fact is that Veron slaughtered her whole family. And ever since she entered this world, her act is more like playing a game. She might be too young and immature, although her skills far exceed mine. Most I can say is that, there are no real reasons for her not to slaughter every single one of us,” said Titto.
Valentine eyes got watered, full of tears. She was struggling not to cry in front of Titto. She sniffed and with a determined tone she said,
“Send every data concerning him. If I die, I’m going to die here responsible for the blood that I’ve spilled. And go, consultant. I now release you from all duties. I’ll prepare the escape squad for you. Meet outside of headquarter; say you are on the way to the second fleet to examine the logistics. The squad will get you on the way. You will get into the black van and get out of here,” said Valentine.
“My lady…” murmured Titto.
“It is all arranged, Titto,” said Valentine and turned around, staring at the rock in the room.
Titto nodded and left the room.
Titto was walking toward his car. he was looking at the soldiers cautiously. Few soldiers passed by, saluting at him. He went to the parking lot hurriedly got in and started the engine. He was very nervous; he took out few of his cigarette and lighted it. His hands were trembling, the fire danced in his palm. He breathed in the smoke and let out slowly. He drove the car and head to the gates. 
The guards, wearing a white military cap and the golden tassel, stopped him, checking for the identification. Titto acted normal as possible, although he couldn’t do much about his heart racing. 
They were taking more time than usual; saying that Colonel Schwend already went to check the logistic in the morning. One of the guard said he need to check the schedule again and the other guard was taking a phone call. Titto closed his eyes, sweating intensely.
“What is it?” said Titto, gulping.
“My orders are to take you, sir,” said the guard, his eyes beaming dangerously.
“Why?” said Titto, angrily, try to look innocent as possible.
“Orders sir,” said the guard.
“You take this car back to the parking lot,” said the guard, looking at the other guard. Titto had to get out of the car, and started walking with the guard. It was a short distance toward headquarter but it felt like a mile.
“Veron is in the cell visiting the prisoner, whose orders are you referring to?” said Titto, with authority in his voice.
“Directly from him sir,” said the guard. Titto eyes got narrowed, thinking whether this was a set up; he walked up the stairs and entered the chamber.
But when he got to Veron, he was sweating and panicking as if he didn’t know what to do. ‘Where is his dear fortune teller?’ thought Titto, looking at Veron. The guard saluted and left the chamber. Veron was grabbing Titto’s arm. 
When he explained what happened, Titto was relieved that he wasn’t suspecting Titto’s escape.
“That Nina has done it Titto! All the army of Nina has moved! They are gone!” said Veron, panicking. 
“What do you mean, she is gone?” said Titto with a confused look. 
“The… the today is where everyone pays the homage to me! But Nina was not here, I’ve tried to locate her but her place was vacant!” yelled Veron.
“Did you dream about turtles and dragons again?” said Titto, tried very hard not to sound like sarcasm, Veron leered at Titto dangerously. Titto sensing danger, added, “I mean, turtles mean you will live long, because turtles live long? I… I mean I want you to live long, Emperor”
Suddenly, the fortune teller came into the chamber. Titto glimpsed at the fortune teller and merely ignored her.
“No! The whole place! Every place Nina worked, there are no sign of anyone!” shouted Veron, trembling, and hand him the paper he received from the briefing room. 
Titto frowned at Veron, still unsure, and took the report. A moment later, he realized he just lost his opportunity to escape.
Titto acted coldly and swiftly, immediately advised Veron to take the command on the artillery and to defend the base. The fortune teller tried to tell Titto about something but he pushed her on the side and ran into the base. 
Titto ordered the officers to gather every soldier in the square. He informed every military division to execute the first protocol in the wartime situation. He has seen the list of military generals captured, and reexamined the weak spot for the information leak.
It was massive army, they lined up like a swarm of ants. Veron was on the high tower. When all of them were gathered, Veron grabbed the microphone and spoke to his army.
“Today, gods spoke in my dream, that there are inconsiderable rebels who deceived us in this day and threatening our royal blood! They have to be put to death! This unforgivable act of pagans we shall exterminate! It is such an infamy such a tragedy of foolish and dishonorable citizens! We will kill them and punish them with our iron fists!”

They shouted the Emperor!


Chapter 42
The Raid

Alvin opened his eyes as he felt a little ticklish on his body. He saw the Diana’s nose slightly touching his shoulder. The sunlight shone on the blanket, he felt the warmth of her breath, sleeping peacefully. He felt her soft skin, he could hear her heartbeat. Alvin looked at her, felt like he was still dreaming. He leaned forward and kissed her. She smiled, rubbing her head on the pillow. He stood up and covered her with the blanket, and left the room.
Tasha woke up and was brushing the teeth. Jake was knocking on the door, fidgeting and jiggling his body in the hallway.
“Tasha… Tasha…” said Jake, desperately. But Tasha ignored him. “I… I need to pee....”
Alvin went to the kitchen; he put out the batter on the bowl and melted the butter on the pan, humming. It butter sizzled and filled the room with a pleasant smell. When he put the good portion of batter on the pan, he heard Jake bellowing from the upstairs.
Tasha went out from the bathroom, smiling at Jake. He gushed into the bathroom and released his bladder without closing the bathroom door. Tasha shrugged and went to her room, drying her hair. Later they both went down the stair, quarrelling on the way, and arrived at the dining room.
Tasha and Jake shook their heads when Alvin, who looked extremely cheerful today, jumped around on the kitchen floor, singing out of tune. Tasha suggested that the fever finally got him, and Jake agreed. 
Jake kept reminding Alvin that he should teach him and Tasha how to shoot. Alvin said that he will take them in the late afternoon. Diana didn’t object nor mentioned anything about it. Diana was blushing whenever she saw Alvin, smiling sheepishly, and said she had to visit her mother and left the house.
“Ok, let’s do some shooting!” said Alvin, cheerfully. He took out two guns from the closet; one was the revolver which he gave it to Jake and the Desert Eagle for Tasha. Alvin took few coke bottles to use it as a target and put it in his bag. He didn’t want any attention from the officers so he headed toward the forest across the town. It wasn’t too far away, so they walked.
They arrived at the field, among the woods where the bird glided through them. Tasha startled as one of the birds flew right above her head. They stepped on the moist fluffy ground, snapping branches and went deep inside the forest. Alvin stopped at the plain and took out three coke bottles from the bag and set it up on the rock. And they’ve gone far back and positioned themselves. Alvin gripped Tasha’s gun and stared at the target.
“Ok Tasha, the basic thing you should do is to wait, hold your breath, and,” said Alvin and pulled the trigger, one of the coke bottles exploded.
Tasha nodded. Alvin was adjusting her stature saying she spread her legs too much.
“Try it,” said Alvin, his hands on his chin, looking at Tasha.
“One, two, three,” she held her breath, her arm little trembling due to the weight of the pistol. Her eyes narrowed and she pulled the trigger.
“Aww…” groaned Tasha, seeing that it missed. The crows on the trees were making a mocking sound.
“Observe, try it again,” said Alvin, adjusting her arm again.
Tasha shot again, but again missed, few crows cried out.
“It’s too far, Alvin,” complained Tasha, pulling the trigger randomly, missing it again. The birds flew around. Tasha grunted, and leered at the coke bottle on the rock. It was not that far away, but she couldn’t break it. She got frustrated, stomping on the ground.
She tried again, breathing in deeply and held it, and pulled the trigger, but again it missed.
“You have to be in peace,” said Alvin.
“… I don’t understand,” said Tasha, frowning at the crows screaming.
“I’m saying that, imagine I’m not here,” said Alvin.
“…” Tasha silenced, looking at Alvin.
“If you want to be a gunslinger, the most important thing is not to be distracted. In the warzone, what others say does not matter. Concentrate,” said Alvin.
Tasha breathed in and slowly out, looking at the target, and tried to concentrate. The sweat came down from her forehead. The breathing became slower. She felt as if she is being sucked into the deepest part of her heart, grasping every part of her body. Everything around her slowly blacked out. 
She pulled the trigger and the coke bottle fumed white bubbles and shredded into pieces. Tasha suddenly gasped out.
Alvin seemed impressed. “That was gorgeous,” said Alvin, smiling. Tasha made a funny face, as if she’s trying not to like it too much. She blush a little.
“Now, Jake? It is your turn, step up,” said Alvin.
Jake, however, did not seem to do this very well; he was shaking his gun as if he is going panic attack and pulled a trigger several times but failed to hit the bottle. Few minutes later, Jake reloaded two times and got filled with rage. Yelling, he pulled triggers randomly.
“This is a revolver Jake, not a machine gun,” said Alvin, putting his hand on his forehead. Tasha giggled when Alvin was loading the revolver with new rounds.
“Shut up, Tasha,” said Jake, shaking his head, but she giggled anyway.
“Ok… one, two, three…” murmured Jake; he froze on the spot.
“Good, take your time Jake, take your time,” said Alvin.
Jake was sweating. His face slowly turned into a blue and purplish after a while, his vein was sticking out.
“Ok James, wait, did I call you James? Jake, you got to breathe,” said Alvin. Jake however, seemed like he is not listening; his eye brows fluttered rapidly. “Tasha, slap his back for me please?” Tasha slapped his back. Jake gasped and the bullet came out from the gun. It went through the tree and the birds scattered to the sky.
“You’ll get it Jake,” Alvin chuckled, tapping his back.
And there was a sound, calling his name, he looked back and saw Diana running across the field with another person.
“Alvin! Alvin!” shouted Diana.
“Oh, honey, you missed me that much?”Alvin said.
“The village! The village is under attack!” said Diana, panicking, catching her breath.
“What was that?” frowned Alvin, seeing Diana’s mother, Nancy Cline, running along with her. Diana took a deep breath, her voice shaking.
“Veron is checking every village, trying to find people involved with Nina Polchinski in the village! Oh Alvin, they are killing the villagers,” Diana said, breaking her voice.
Alvin listened, and looked at the village. There were distant gunshots and smoke coming up from the village. The Nancy came toward them, afraid, also shaking.
“Alvin!” said Nancy, with her fragile little ghastly hands waving in the air.
“Mrs. Diana,” said Alvin.
“This… this is horrible, dear, oh dear,” said Nancy, with a shock and grievance.
“It’s alright, Mrs. Diana. You are safe here.” said Alvin, looking at the smoke in the sky. Alvin turned to Diana, who was hugging the children.
“Diana, stay with them,” said Alvin.
“Ok… Ok…. Come children, let’s hide in the woods.” Diana hugged the children tight.
“I’ll be back soon,” said Alvin.
“Wait, where are you going?” said Diana, concerned.
“I have to get the food, medical supply and guns,” Alvin started running toward the town.
“Be careful!” Diana cried out.
“What? I’m not going to die. Who am I, a farmer?” shouted Alvin. The rest watched him running across the field. A moment later, Tasha slowly looked at her gun dumbly and then at the woods where Alvin disappeared.
“And he didn’t even take his gun,” said Tasha.
“Yeah, I think we only brought two pistols,” said Jake, quietly.
Diana was shocked, her leg lost the strength, but children prevented her from falling down.
“What? Alvin, you bastard! Stop making me worried!” Diana shouted, crying again.
“Don’t worry Diana, we’ll protect you. Right Jake?” said Tasha, encouragingly. She glimpsed at Jake, raising her eyebrows.
“Yeah… yeah! Of course, don’t worry Diana,” said Jake. 
Diana hugged both children, sniffing.
“Oh my little angels! Yes, I should be strong now, I should be strong,” Diana grabbed them and sobbed.

Chapter 43
The Interrogation

Nina walked right into the general’s meeting, and saw the people yelling and fighting with each others. They just opened the door, but no one seemed to notice. The ghosts followed her and stepped right in and saw the big portrait of Veron. They were standing in the middle of the frenzy rage and rampage of Veron’s officers.
“Let’s dance, shall we?” said Nina. She took out the grenade, pulled the pin out and threw it to the portrait. And then the ghosts blazed their gun and open fired. The grenade exploded, and there were gunshots heard in the room and people collapsed down on the floor.
The soldiers guarding the generals just stood there not knowing what to do, as people just started to drop dead before them. Only those people on the lists, the fifteen men, were left. They were hiding under the desk, completely shocked, trembling badly. 
Nina deactivated the cloaking device, looking at the shocked face of the officers and gestured her ghosts to take them into custody. The ghosts hit them in the head, forced them to put on the cloaking devices and carried them to outside. Many employees were evacuated while hearing a gunshot, mixed in the crowd Nina reactivated the device and got out of the building.
The ghosts from the second division sniped around the building, shooting at the soldiers who were attempted to get in. The soldiers became befuddled and try to stop the panicking crowds to examine them. But the ghosts slipped through them as they were invisible.
“Acquired the subject, I repeat, we acquired the subject,” said Nina, using walky-talky to contact the second division. “We are getting out, over!” The second division stopped firing and escaped through the woods.
Nina’s ghosts opened the manhole and jumped down, splashing the puddle. They turned on the flashlight and deactivated the cloaking device.
“Nice work guys,” said Nina, smiling, and started to move quickly through the sewage. The rats were running away from them, the ghosts ran into the sewage. At the designated location, the ghosts from second division were waiting in the vans. Nina’s division got into the vans and drove away.
Nina and the ghosts went back to the temporary shelter and dragged and tied them up in the chairs. Some of them already woke up, afraid; most of them were still knocked out. Nina, looking at one of them bleeding from a large scar on his forehead, turned to Dyatt.
“Did you do this one?” said Nina.
“Yes, admiral,” said Dyatt, chuckling.
“Hope he doesn’t have a concussion,” shrugged Nina. The other ghosts brought the water in the basket, and poured it on the officers’ face. The one closest to Nina gasped and woke up, shook off water from his head. With his piggy eyes blinking, he recognized Nina and got angry.
“Nina Polchinski,” he growled. “The Emperor will skin you alive, Polchinski!”
Alerted by his voice, other officers suddenly got courage and started yelling at Nina.
“You bitch! Don’t you know our blood is royal and have right to make you a slave?” said the other officer.
Nina raised the pistol and put it on his head and just pulled a trigger. The loud bang was heard, the man’s brain spattered on the wall. The officers shouted with anger and bellowed with curses. Nina, frowning, shot another who was screaming at her. The man’s face just exploded and he fell on the floor and everyone went silenced.
“It’s your choice if you want to live. So, you, tell me, where is the place Veron is hiding?” said Nina, coldly, cocking her pistol, aiming at the officer next to her. But he didn’t answer so she pulled the trigger. There were few more shots heard from the room. Dyatt, who was watching this, seemed to be concerned that Nina might kill all the prisoners, but as she shot a five of them, the next one muttered, trembling badly.
“I… it’s…” muttered him.
Nina cocked the pistol again and aimed at his head.
“Please please don’t shoot! He is inside the bunker in the Moleon region! Our protocol says he should command in case of the coup,” shouted the man, shaking his head.
Nina seemed to be satisfied, removed the pistol away. “Our next location is set, agent Dyatt, I’ll talk to Captain Stein about this. He is going attack Veron’s tank division,” said Nina.
“Yes admiral, what should we do with them?” said Dyatt.
“Lock them in the cell, give them something to eat,” said Nina, and got out the door. Nina put her pistol back in her holster and walked up to the receiving station. They saluted at her as she walked in.
“Contact Stein for me,” said Nina.
“Right away, admiral,” said one of the soldiers. One of them brought one black coffee to Nina. Nina glimpsed at it but didn’t drink it. He handed the receiver to her. 
“Captain, how it is up there?” asked Nina.
“They started squirreling around, admiral,” said Stein from the phone.
“Veron is in the bunker right below Moleon headquarter, he will be moving tanks to our base soon. Attack from the side, Captain, Sarah will blow the bridge,” said Nina.
“Ok admiral, we will crush them,” exclaimed Stein.
“Good luck Captain,” said Nina.
She glimpsed at the soldier and the soldier changed the frequency and Sarah’s voice came out from the machine.
“Hey whore,” said Nina to Sarah.
“Hi corpse,” said Sarah from the walky-talky.
“You mayith now do the blowjob, over,” said Nina.
“You’ve got it gumdrop, blowith away, over,” said Sarah, and she started shouting to Paul. “Hey, dumbass! We are moving out! Get off the bridge!”
“Get off the bridge!” said Paul, parroting, who was sitting next to Sarah.
“By the way, how can you make me a paratrooper? I’ll flip you off from the sky, over” said Sarah to Nina.
“Love you too, out” said Nina and got disconnected.

Chapter 44
The Escape

Alvin ran toward the town, but lowered his stance as he got closer. Veron’s soldiers were extra paranoid today, grabbing everyone out and shooting dwellers as if they are slaughtering farm animals.
“Give me a break…” said Alvin, rolling his eyes.
The soldiers are shouting at some man. “We are looking for this woman, where is she!” the soldier demanded, aggressively. 
“You know hiding and feeding the infidels is against the law! The Emperor knows everything!” shouted the soldier, grabbing the poor man who was on the floor, trembling. The soldier entered the door and shouted something about the portrait of Veron, that it was too dusty. Alvin heard several gunshots. Alvin’s eyes became harsh and cold. He went across the road, headed to his house.
Alvin sneaked by the wall, avoiding the eyes of the soldiers, moving swiftly. At that time, he realized he didn’t bring the gun; but the house was near and he refused to go back. He crossed the bakery shop and candy store, and went near the woods to walk up the hills.
Alvin saw there were soldiers banging his house from a distance. He circled around the house and crawled near. When he got closer to the house, he heard soldiers kicking the door, but as the door was pretty thick, it was hard to break through. Away from the angry shouting, Alvin glanced at the pipe attached to the house and started climbing it as fast as he could. The voice of the soldiers was getting nearer to him. They are trying to get in through the window instead. Alvin climbed in haste. Before the soldier spotted him, Alvin managed to grab on the roof top and laid flat. He stumbled but managed to balance himself. Alvin looked down quietly as the soldiers walk by, one of them crashed the window and the booby trap got triggered, blowing off two of the soldiers. They got surprised and started shooting at the walls, and as they did few of the booby traps blew up and damaged the wall, creating a big enough gap for them to enter. The rest of the soldiers went in the house.
Alvin was thinking what he should do now. He glanced at the chimney. “You taught me well Santa, even though you never gave me a present,” he murmured. He started crawling to it and went inside the chimney. Alvin pushed the wall of the chimney with his foot and slowly moved down. He is now covered in black dust. The soldiers were in the house, he heard the loud crashing and furniture breaking.
Alvin realized he wanted to sneeze, he felt so stupid that he didn’t anticipate it before he started climbing down. He started picking his nose, hoping it would help. But it did no good, he sneezed anyway. Suddenly there were loud angry voices coming out from the soldiers. Alvin sneezed again, now climbing up the chimney, grunting and struggling. The soldiers are making noise in the room. They must be searching the room now. Alvin stopped at higher and waited, twisting his body to look down. Moment later, one soldier’s head appeared from the bottom.
“One two three, hold your breath,” whispered Alvin; he pulled his leg and dropped straight down. 
The soldier looked up, frowned due to the falling dust, saw something falling. Alvin fell on the soldier’s face, crushing it completely. And ashes burst out from the fire place, covering the room. The other soldiers were coughing and shouting, trying to drag his buddy out, but Alvin grabbed the gun from the soldier he have crushed and started shooting at other soldiers. There were lot of shouts and fires in the room. But soon, everyone was down on the floor. 
“Ho Ho Ho, cocksuckers!” shouted Alvin and howled. He took off the dust off, coughing; he ran to upstairs and entered his room. The coffee Diana had in this morning was still on the table. Alvin glimpsed and smiled, and went near his bed.
Alvin took out the old heavy chest under his bed. He grabbed the key under the table and pulled out the dusty chest under the bed. He plugged the key in and opened the chest. There were eight portable machine guns, which earned Alvin Caravel his old notorious fame. Alvin took out the eight machine guns and put it in his holster. And he wore his jacket over it. 
He hung four bullet belts around him and took few grenades and put it on his pocket bag. He took a box of ammunition and put it into his heavy leather bag, and got out of the room.
“A heavy little fellow,” Alvin grumbled. Gripped it and shouldered the bag. He was thinking about burning down the house, but it seemed like an unnecessary procedure, so he just left the house. Alvin didn’t go through the town, he made a round trip.
About half an hour later, Jake spotted Alvin struggling from afar, carrying a leather bag.
“Look, he is coming!” exclaimed Jake, pointing at him.
“Oh, thank God,” Diana ran across the plain and hugged him, almost tackling him down. Alvin almost fell, but patted her back. The bag was heavy, his arms’ vein popped up, about to explode and soaked with sweat. Alvin dropped the bag, which made a heavy thud sound; Diana breathed softly and calmed down in his arm.
“I see you are not crying anymore,” Alvin chuckled. Diana smiled sheepishly. Nancy stood up, blushing and came toward them.
“You are such a pain in the ass!” shouted Nancy, grumbling about making them worried.
“I love your food Mrs. Diana. Hopefully you can make it with the stuff I brought.” said Alvin, kissing Diana on her lips. “Now let’s get out of here.”
It was getting dark when they entered the forest. Jake’s stomach growled. Nancy, hearing this, gave all of them sandwiches she grabbed from the house. They were munching together while walking. It was cold in the night. The moon was covered with cloud. Everyone stayed closer to get warm, all except Tasha, who was running around. Diana got tripped by the rock but grabbed the tree and did not fall.
“Ok… anyone brought a flashlight?” said Alvin, barely seeing anything.
“You are the one who supposed to bring the flashlight,” hissed Diana.
“I can’t do both, all I did was to get a gun and I had to take care of the people breaking our furniture,” complained Alvin.
“Ok, ok, do you know where we going?” asked Diana. 
“No,” said Alvin.
“Be little more comforting will you?” said Diana, angrily.
“Well, hopefully we can figure it out?” muttered Alvin.
“…” Diana looked at him with a confused look.
“It’ll be all right. We will have an ice cream for a desert! Is your favorite strawberry shake waiting there Tasha?” said Alvin, positively.
“Yeah!” exclaimed Tasha.
Diana groaned and kept walking.
“Hey Tasha?” said Jake.
“What?” said Tasha.
“I think they like each other.” Jake giggled.
“Well, well, I think you are hopeless, my friend,” muttered Tasha. As the time went by, they were getting adjusted to the dark, so they could see the dim trail.
“Look!” Jake suddenly shouted.
“What?” said Tasha.
There was a narrow muddy trail full of puddles. Diana was supporting Nancy on her walking. Alvin’s arm almost went white due to the weight of the leather bag.
“Where do you think this leads too?” said Jake.
“Children, we are not going to follow the trail, it’s too dangerous, just go straight,” said Alvin. They walked for an hour, into the dry places where huge trees dwelled for ages. 
Alvin stopped, and looked around. He didn’t hear the wolves howling but he didn’t want to take the risk.
“How are you doing Nancy?” said Alvin.
“Oh, don’t worry about me boy, you take good care of my girl,” said Nancy, tapping Alvin’s shoulder. “I’m not going to die before I see my grandchild.”
“Mom!” said Diana, blushing.
“I think you are too young to die, Mrs. Diana,” said Alvin, chuckling.
“Oh, well, thank you kiddo. But I’ve got to say… I have to teach her how to cook, it’s horrible…” said Nancy. Tasha started laughing hard.
“Tasha! Mom!” shouted Diana.
At that time, the owl hooted and swooshed in the air, right above Jake. Jake screamed and jumped, shuddering.
“I do not like this place,” murmured Jake.
“Well, I think we are far enough to make a fire here,” said Alvin. “Jake, Tasha? Can you guys gather some branches?”
“Ok Alvin,” said Jake and Tasha, they ran into the woods and bushes. Alvin came to the tree and tried to break the branch, struggling.
“Oh honey, can’t you break that little tree?” teased Diana.
“What do you mean a little? It’s thicker than your leg,” said Alvin.
“There is nothing wrong with my leg!” shouted Diana.
Grunting, he took out the machine gun and started shooting at it. Diana didn’t even flinch but Nancy screamed.
“Sorry Nancy,” said Alvin and kicked the branch, and the huge chunk fell down on the ground.
THUMP.
“Ok, hopefully those stray bullets didn’t hit the kids,” murmured Alvin.
Nancy muttered something, passing out. Diana was comforting her, assuring that the kids went the other way. Alvin was now going for the thin branches, just making sure to start the fire. Tasha and Jake ran back and forth and soon there were a pile of wood and dry leaves. Alvin took out the lighter and lightened the branches. The fire came to life. Jake got closer, blowing it to make fire bigger.
They were enjoying the warmth near fire. Alvin was emptying the bag and put the bullet box on the ground. He packed the few rounds, grunting, and came near the fireplace, massaging his arm.
“Stay here, stay close. It’s cold in the night, and Tasha?” said Alvin.
“Yes Alvin?” said Tasha.
“Protect them,” said Alvin, giving her two portable machine guns.
“Right away sir,” said Tasha, playfully saluting at him. 
“Where are you going?” said Diana, didn’t want him to go.
“I’ll be back soon. I’m going to scout around this region,” said Alvin.
“Ok… be safe,” said Diana, looking at him dearly, little worried.
“Of course,” said Alvin. And he headed back to the muddy trail which Tasha found before.

Chapter 45
Cat and Mouse

Sharine was sitting in the room, her lip ached. She frowned and looked at the bunch of men just standing brainlessly outside. She rolled her eyes and was too embarrassed to be captured by those losers.
The men didn’t interrogate Sharine and Kevin. However, they were looking at Sharine repeatedly, talking to themselves. One of the men walked toward her and asked something about the cave and the stone, but it was more out of curiosity rather than the interrogation. After a while, Sharine realized that those men were mercenaries and furthermore it was the same men whom she saw in the forest when she first arrived in this island.
They carried military rifles, similar to the one they use in jungle. Sharine smelt a rotten fish from the wooden box in the corner. 
“Hey Kevin?” whispered Sharine.
“What?” said Kevin, quietly.
“Do you know who is living inside the cave?” asked Sharine.
“No,” muttered Kevin.
“Is it easy to find the underground tunnel?” said Sharine, frowning.
“Yes, the metal floor is very visible. It is just hard to find the right room,” muttered Kevin, grunting with a discomfort as blood hardly went through his finger.
“Why did they set up the traps around the caves then?” said Sharine.
“… Catch a deer?” said Kevin.
“Yes, Kevin, they are catching a deer,” said Sharine, angrily.
“I’m not sure…” muttered Kevin.
“Tell me more about those creatures,” asked Sharine.
“Well, you can think of them as beasts, only much stronger and stupid. Normally they are hard to kill it with guns. Personally I’ve never seen it before, but according to Glock, it looks abominable, and has a horrible smell…” said Kevin.
“Does the hunters’ club have any rules concerning caves?”
“Oh yeah, that reminds me, what the boss says about some of the caves are dwelled by the people from Cassandra. But I don’t think that’s accurate as most of them dwell inside particular rooms in the underground.”
“Cassandra?” Sharine choked.
“Why? Have you been there?” said Kevin.
“Are they under Veron?” asked Sharine, quietly.
“I don’t know, who is Veron?” muttered Kevin.
“Never mind,” said Sharine. Sharine stretched her muscle, her arm started aching. She grunted.
“Hey Kevin,” said Sharine, with a serious tone.
“Yeah?” said Kevin.
“… Are you sure that the underground tunnel is built by Ricky Guido?” said Sharine.
“… I mean… yeah, that’s what I’ve heard…” said Kevin, unsure. Sharine’s face got darkened.
“What is wrong?” asked Kevin, little frustrated that Sharine is holding back the information from him.
“Nothing,” Sharine muttered.
They could hear the men cheering. The men were playing cards games and drinking a bottle of whisky at the table. But few hours later, the men gradually became anxious and unsettling. Sharine was far away but she was able to recognize some words, ‘late,’ ‘profit,’ ‘the customer.’ A moment later, one of them walked up and the door creaked open. There were three huge men in military uniform stood on the doorway.
The men who just came in glimpsed at Sharine and Kevin. They smiled gently at the mercenaries who were annoyed at him. However, when one of the three men gave a black suitcase, their grim turned into smiles. The mercenaries exit the room. The man among three, who looked the oldest walked up to Sharine and Kevin, his eyes dangerously beaming at them.
“What do you want?” said Sharine, looking at the man.
“We were looking for those who dwell in a cave, our intelligence said those rocks indicate some sort of location,” said the man.
“Actually it is our first time seeing it,” muttered Sharine.
The man stared at Sharine and sighed. 
“I’m Tim, special investigator concerning the foreign relation. We are trying to find scientists from Cassandra. We received some disturbing report regarding their work inside the cave,” said the man.
“Uh huh, yeah, we can’t help you,” snapped Sharine.
“… Are you from here?” said Tim. His eyes glared.
“No, we are survivors from the ship which sank in a southern sea few days ago. But we end up here,” said Sharine.
Sharine looked at him carefully; he seemed like he lived here long enough, judging from his features. She knew he was telling lie to them about foreign relation, but he didn’t seem like the bounty hunter either. She was curious, narrowing her eyes trying to figure out.
“We already know about the incident. You guys were foolish enough to travel close to the island,” said Tim, his face got rigid. He looked at Kevin who stayed silence. “So, you guys are from Cassandra?”
“Indeed,” grinned Sharine.
“Do you work under Veron?” asked Tim.
“Exactly an opposite," said Sharine.
Tim was looking at Sharine suspiciously, but looking at her wounded arm, he decided to go on with her story. He got up and went near the window, and wheeled around at them.
 “Ok, I’ll let you go,” said the gentleman, leaving Kevin and Sharine dumfounded.
“Really?” muttered Kevin confused.
“Yes, I’ll let you go,” said Tim, without smile. His eyes were beaming dangerously. “Release them.”
One of the bodyguards walked toward them, pulled out his knife and cut the ropes for Kevin and Sharine. They were looking at Tim strangely with puzzled look. But Tim just went out the door along with his bodyguards.
It took a while for them to realize that they have been set free. After a moment of silence, Kevin suddenly grabbed Sharine’s hand and burst out the door, as if he was worried that he might change his mind. They were running in the forest for a while. Sharine coughed, tried to catch a breath.
“Hold your horses, dumbass,” Sharine breathed deeply, her back arched over, spitting on the ground.
“Sorry,” said Kevin.
“We can’t go back to village,” said Sharine.
“Why not?” asked Kevin.
“They are playing cats and mouse, we can’t just go back, they will follow us,” said Sharine.
“I don’t think they are following us,” muttered Kevin, looking back at the forest. Sharine silenced and showed him her muddy shoes.
“Oh, yeah, foot track. But we will use a mine cart…” mumbled Kevin. Sharine shook her head, breathing deeply.
“It will be bad if they caught us in the underground,” said Sharine, coughing. “We have to lead them to the cave. Near that location, we can enter the tunnel.” 
“All right…” said Kevin, concerned.
“What is that stone signify anyway?” said Sharine.
“I thought it was about practicing sorceries and voodoos,” Kevin scratched his head.
“Let’s find out shall we?” said Sharine, started walking.

Chapter 46
The Ambush

The machine hummed and vibrated with excitement, the suit stepped outside from the fungi-ridden, moist atmosphere inside the underground garage. Born from the rustic factory floor, it was their first time they’ve seen the sunlight. They stepped into the green forest. Thirty huge cargo trucks were waiting to carry them. Stein was struggling to learn the features the machine suit can do. He was excited to play around with his new toy. The machines were making a wringing sound. The gun barrel popped out from its arm.
“Having fun, Captain?” said Michel, grinning. He is jumping around among the woods like gorilla. Stein pushed the gun barrel inside and punched at the trees, with a low thumping sound, the skin of the tree trunk fell off. He burst into the laughter.
“I’m glad you are having a good time,” said Michel. He tried to do a round house kick but end up falling down on the bush. He struggled to get up and Stein helped him. 
“Huh, this lacks so many features… is version two coming up soon?” grunted Michel, grabbing the bulky machine gun on his shoulder.
“Sergeant, bring the weapons out and order all units on the ground,” muttered Stein.
“Roger,” said Michel, clicking the radio transmission inside the suit. “The area is clear, come on out boys.”
The ground shook with hammering thumps, the rocks on the ground shook. The machines roared and screeched. They went out from the dark hole of the bunker. Hundreds of machines stepped out, standing before Captain Stein and Sergeant Michel.
“We are going to crush the biggest army base Veron has. Stay alert, gentlemen,” said Stein, grabbing a huge machine gun with his robot arm, stepping into the truck. They traveled through thick woods, and the marshy road. Their arm clutched guns. Their eyes were beaming.
After Nina executed and kidnapped the officers in the enemy headquarters. Veron’s army searched every houses and location in the country, took out the chemical bomb, bacteria containers, and thousands of artilleries and tanks and started bombing in the city. Veron announced that Nina is a fiend and threatened to kill her and her associates in the most horrifying way. But they couldn’t find her, she was out of reach.
Captain James divided the choppers in the deep mountain region and sent the rest to the five Navy battleships and two submarines in the southern sea. Captain Nottingham, who was in the charge of the Navy stood nervously on the deck, waiting for orders.
Veron’s Navy had more than 600 battleships, 300 submarines, 1000 scout boats and countless other miscellaneous vessels. Veron’s military were madly searching for Nina’s ships.
When Nottingham received the report, he got frustrated at this ridiculously outnumbered situation. Because of this, he moved into the most dangerous sea area, the lurking ground of mysterious creatures. The marines were squirreling around in the ship, checking their weapons.
Stein and his machine army arrived at the spot for an ambush; the bridge was cut, Veron will be moving the tanks straight to Nina’s base and have to go through this region. Stein positioned themselves among the woods, where tanks had a hard time getting through the marshes and rough terrain.
One of those enemy tanks, there are three people inside. Two of them sniggered at each other.
“Seriously, Guan, this old rusty thing should retire, it’s older than us! That bitch over there wasn’t even born!” said the man, pointing at the new recruited boy on the corner. The boy stiffened, his face was green due to nauseating ride of the tank.
“Ahh, shut it Tug, we have a lot of artillery and royal soldiers, those inferior pagans will not stand a chance,” said the Guan, smoking cigarette.
“Yeah, we should outrun them and crush them!” shouted Tug.
“And did you hear that Veron raid the city?” Guan sniggered.
“Yeah, those stupid people, we got him from them” said Tug, grinning, and turned into the new recruit, a sixteen years old boy.
“Hey you,” said Tug, his eyes beaming dangerously.
“Yes… yes sir!” said the boy.
“Have you seen the baseball yesterday?” said Tug, showing his yellow teeth.
“I didn’t sir,” said the boy, trembling.
“Oh of course, you can’t!” Tug and Guan sniggered. But as the boy didn’t laugh along with them, Tug wiped the smirk off his face and stared at the boy.
“Come on boy, laugh, and don’t make that bitchy face… You want to piss me off?” said Tug.
“Of course not sir,” the boy laughed awkwardly.
“You’ve got a problem?” said Tug, getting mad.
“No sir,” said the boy, almost crying. He leered at the boy with his haughty eyes. The boy quivered helplessly. Tug smiled.
“I’m just kidding, boy. You haven’t had anything to eat yesterday didn’t you? Come on and eat this,” he licked bread with his tongue then gave it to the boy. The boy jerked backward.
“Come on, eat,” threatened Tug.
“… Thank you sir,” the boy bit his lips, his eyes full of tears. But he was forced to smile and eat bread. Guan watched him, enjoying this situation. Tug cackled and started slapping the boy. But at that moment, the tank stopped abruptly. Tug fell flat on the floor.
“Huh? What the fuck is…” muttered Guan.
They heard a loud bang, and the tank vibrated intensely, almost jumped from the ground and turned upside down. They all screamed, trying to grab something. There was a sound of bombing and shooting. Tug was unconscious on the wall, bleeding from his head. Guan was grabbing the gun, not knowing what to do, the boy was screaming in the corner. The tank again got hit by the shell from outside, it ripped its metal skin. The tank shook turbulently like toy battered on the ground.
Soon, the sound dimmed, and became quieter outside. The boy breathed fast, coughing, try to calm himself down, Guan seemed to be trembling badly, murmuring. “I don’t want to die; I don’t want to die…”
Suddenly, the hatch opened, and the boy saw a big metal arm. The boy stared at it curiously and was amazed; he never saw anything like it. The guy in the machine suit checked inside and saw the boy, unconscious man and the driver who was staring at that hideous, fur ball-looking machine man with horror. The machine man offered the hand to the boy.
The boy blinked, not sure whether to take it, but slowly he touched the cold metal hand and got outside the tank.

Chapter 47
The Maelstrom

The morning arrived and Tasha and Jake woke up, Diana and Nancy was sleeping beside them. But Alvin wasn’t there. There were burnt ashes in the place of the bonfire. Nancy woke up already, wondering about where he went. Diana was still sleeping. Tasha and Jake woke up later and went into the woods with water bottles. Before they came back, Nancy was startled by Alvin who appeared from her back.
“Good morning,” waved Alvin, holding a map on his left hand He set down his leather bag.
“Where have you been?” gasped Nancy, her hands on her bosom.
“A small town nearby, the whole place was vacant. I think they’ve heard what happened in our city. They surly took all the food they could carry, but I managed to find these on the street,” said Alvin, chuckling, showing Nancy some hams, chocolates and breads.
“Oh dear,” said Nancy, looking at the food. “Are we on the right track?”
“Well, we are little off the trail, but yes, we are on the road. I think we are able to arrive there in three days,” said Alvin, looking at the map.
“Where are we going dear?” said Nancy.
“An old friend of mine, he lives in the refugee camp,” said Alvin.
“Good, I will get the kids. They went to get some water down there,” said Nancy, pointing at Tasha and Jake from a distance splashing water at each other, playing. Nancy slowly walked toward them. 
Diana yawned and woke up. She smiled at Alvin, spreading her arm. Alvin went up to her and pulled her up. She clung on to him, hugging.
“Hello there,” said Diana. 
They were on the move, they walked across the forest. Diana was in the extra good mood today, she jumped across the rock on the stream. They were now far away from the city, going through the wilderness.
“My leg is falling apart.” Jake was mumbling with his head down.
“Oh be a man Jake, look at Diana! I bet with that strength she can knock down the wild boar,” said Tasha, pulling Jake toward her.
“Now now Tasha, slow down, slow down. Let’s see… where are we?” said Alvin, breathing heavily. His arm was hardened due to the heavy bullet box; he looked at the map.
“Oh, I’m dying,” said Nancy, just laying down on the rock, flattened. “I’m too old for this shit,” she muttered. Diana was up on the hill, enjoying the view, waving at them to come up.
“Coming honey!” shouted Alvin, vigorously. “Help Nancy, Tasha, I’m going to check where we are,” he said to Tasha. She giggled when he ran up to Diana. Jake was flattened also, next to Nancy.
It was a nice view, the sun hung on the middle, shining on the landscape of the forest.
“Nice view huh?” said Alvin.
“Oh yeah,” said Diana, breathing deeply. Alvin grunted and sat down.
“Thinking about ditching that thing?” asked Diana, looking at the bullet box.
“Nah it’s nothing,” grinned Alvin. 
“Aww, I can help you carry some.”
“Nah,” Alvin waved off.
“You are really sweet,” said Diana, kissing Alvin on his cheek. Alvin sat down and was gulping down the water, having some rest. The sky was clear and the air was fresh.
“Do you remember what the joyful sailor in the school play?” muttered Alvin, looking at the blue sky.
“Yes of course, you have written it last week. Do you mean that sailor disappeared in the sea?” said Diana.
“Yes, he was the man who escaped from the pirates with a small boat. The crews weren’t suspecting any escape, because at that time, there was a raging storm,” said Alvin.
“Oh yes I remember that scene. He went straight into the maelstrom,” said Diana.
“Yes he did, do you remember his last line?” said Alvin.
“Umm… yes.” said Diana. “If a man cannot be happy, what is the difference between us and pig? Isn’t the man’s greatest happiness lies in rejoicing in God’s grace? Like a lone sailor in the midst of the stormy sea. Let’s shout with courage and joy!”
“Excellent memory,” said Alvin.
“Why did you bring it up?” asked Diana; blushing a little.
“It helps when you are feeling down and scared,” said Alvin, chuckling. Diana looked at Alvin, smiling dearly.
“I think I’ve found where we are,” said Alvin, putting the map inside his bag, wheeled around, and went down to Nancy and children, and Diana followed him.

In the mean time, in the island of the riddle, Sharine and Kevin were walking on the marshy road.
“Ahh!” Sharine screamed. She was trying to step on the log so she doesn’t get wet shoes. But it didn’t work out. Kevin was jumping like a mountain goat, stepping on a thick log on the marsh.
“Arrrgggh!” Sharine screamed again, the gluey mud came into her shoe. Kevin was laughing in purpose just to make her mad. The mud almost came to her knees. She surely hoped that this wasn’t a swamp, because it felt like one. She caught her boots and threw it over to Kevin and tried to get across. 
“Almost there, almost there,” said Kevin, cheering her up. She struggled and Kevin offered his hand. Sharine grabbed his hand but Kevin just let it go, and she fell into the mud.
Kevin ran away. Sharine, filled with rage, grabbed her shoes which were deep inside the mud, stepped on the dry land and ran toward him. Sharine saw Kevin from a distance, he was gazing at something. Sharine went up to him. Cursing with her muddy reddish face, she grabbed his back. Kevin turned around, gestured ‘Shh…’ for her to be quiet.
“You hear that?” whispered Kevin.
“Hear what?” said Sharine, angrily. Kevin lowered his stature. Sharine looked over and there were men talking.
“Are they from the caves?” said Sharine. 
“I don’t know,” said Kevin.
“What do you know?” Sharine sneered.
“… There are men talking,” said Kevin, checking the device. Sharine groaned.
“Do we pursue?” asked Sharine, cracking her knuckles. 
“Well, there is a hatch nearby, which leads to the tunnel.”
“Perfect,” said Sharine. 
“Indeed,” Kevin smiled.

In Cassandra, Sarah was ridding one of the assault choppers, screaming at James, who was flying the chopper. The sounds of chopper were loudly wringing.
“What was that?!” yelled Sarah, asking for a third time.
“Your job is to create confusion in Veron’s infantry!” yelled James.
“Ok!” said Sarah, making an okay sign with her hand. “How many are the infantry?!”
“See for yourself! We are almost there!” shouted James.
“What?!” screamed Sarah.
James pointed his hand violently at the window. Sarah leaned forward, looking through the cloud. She stared for a moment for the clouds to wipe off and saw the building which resembled Veron’s face.
“Did they paint the building?” shouted Sarah.
“What?”
“Did they paint the building?!”
“That’s not the building!” screamed James. Sarah grabbed the binocular and looked at closely, her mouth half opened. It was Veron’s soldiers, innumerous numbers of soldiers.
“Are we going down there!?” shouted Sarah.
“Yeah!” answered James.
“Captain! Pardon me but, Are you fucking nuts?!” screamed Sarah.
“You got the cloaking device!” yelled James.
“Still!! Urghhgrr!” grunted Sarah, holding the seat firmly.
“It’s almost a time!” said James, raising his arm to show her his watch.
“Alright! Alright! Give a signal to the rest of the choppers!” barked Sarah, clutching a gun.
“Maybe I’ll see you again!” shouted James. “… Maybe not!” he added and burst into laughter.
“Same here, Captain!” shouted Sarah, grabbing his shoulder. He put his hand on the top of hers, nodding.
“Good luck! You will be alright!” yelled James.
Sarah looked down at the swarm of soldiers. She gulped, tapped on James shoulder; she walked back to the paratroopers. She opened the door of the chopper, the wind gushed in. She could see the land, Sarah turned to the paratroopers who were standing before her.
“My babies! Are you fired up?!” shouted Sarah to the paratroopers.
“FIRED UP, FIRED UP, FIRED UP SIR!” they screamed at Sarah.
“ARE YOU FIRED UP?!” shouted Sarah, on the top of her voice.
“FIRED UP! FIRED UP! FIRED UP, SIR!”
“Mighty Mighty Air Force!” Sarah sang; her voice cracked due to too much yelling, thumping on the floor, swinging her fists.
“MIGHTY MIGHTY AIRFORCE!” they did the same, shaking the chopper.
“WHO ARE YOU? WHO ARE YOU? WHO THE FUUUCCK ARE YOU?” screamed Sarah.
“MIGHTY MIGHTY AIRFORCE!” they screamed.
“YES! YE BUNCH OF MAGGOTS!! CHAAARRRGGE!!!” Sarah jumped off from the chopper, dropped into the air like a bird and went straight down, and others jumped out too, following her. They howled and dived from the sky.

Chapter 48
The Creatures

About a week later, the infantry division fought in a various regions across the country. James commended the assault choppers to support many battles. The kids at the institution evacuated to the bunkers along with other refugees in the city. There were orphans, robbers, beggars, prostitutes, professors, farmers and many others who tried to keep quiet inside the basement. The professors at the institution didn’t seem to like the idea of having peasant with him but as they all ate together, their temper got eased.
Karl called Veron and said he would not pursue Nina’s neck, Veron got mad and threatened to kill him, Karl scoffed hung off the phone. Karl was thinking about leaving the country, but he wanted to bring one student, Tyler, with him. So he went to the bunker, grabbed him and got out of the institution.
Veron was literally going mad, helplessly grabbing the fortune teller and Titto. Titto and the fortune teller abhorred each others, and their opinions were contrary to each other, which led to a no conclusion.
The piercing sunlight shone from the thick clouds to street full of puddles. Nina was complaining about the coffee at the bunker tasted like plastic and she misses Madam Wanda. She continued to make a good use of cloaking technology to take out Veron’s commandos. And then Captain Stein ran over the enemy over like a bulldozer. They won the most of the battle, almost seemed too easy to crush them.
Veron’s soldiers are complaining that Veron does not compensate them enough and just used them like a human shield. Many ran away screaming at the sight of Nina’s army. In the end, only the most ignorant and the cruelest ones were left.
At the time when the infantry units and the ghosts met on the battleground, the medics were running around here and there; infantry units were cheering and dancing. Stein was looking for Nina. One of the ghosts said she was at the half blown building right in front of him.
Nina was on the cloaking device, now playing with the chess stones amongst the ruins, grabbed the black knight. “So, the ghost will return… Veron will be scared to death, but he will not appear on the surface… then…” Nina took a white bishop.
“What move he will take?” murmured Nina. Captain Stein approached, frowning, looking at the chess stone moving by itself; Nina deactivated her cloaking device, Stein raised his eyebrows,
“Admiral, please don’t do that,” said Stein.
“Sorry,” said Nina.
“What were you doing with your cloaking on anyway?” asked Stein.
“It is fun when your hand disappears and things move,” Nina giggled.
“Admiral, Veron’s army is being wiped out,” said Stein.
“Yes, Veron is cornered, we can attack the underground facility soon enough,” said Nina.
“Is the victory near admiral?” said Captain Stein, hopefully.
“No, it is only the beginning. Prepare for whatever surprise Veron have for us, captain,” said Nina.
“But admiral, according to Veron’s generals, all the main bases are destroyed,” said Stein.
“Captain, did Veron ever try to contact us?” asked Nina.
“No, admiral, I’m guessing maybe he fled from this country.” answered Stein.
“…” Nina’s face got darkened. She sensed that something was very strange.
“Admiral? What is wrong?” inquired Stein.
“Tip of an iceberg…” Nina murmured, holding the black knight and observing it.
“Admiral?”
“I need to talk to those prisoners, prepare the chopper,” said Nina.
“Of course, admiral,” said Stein.

At Veron’s headquarter, Veron was extremely distressed.
“We are losing Emperor! They bombed our logistics and key commands and fleets! Emperor, you have to evacuate to the underground bunker,” Titto cried out.
“…” Veron suffered in silence, he is bowing down to the rock in his chamber.
“Well, we need more blood, you have to sacrifice your wife,” giggled the fortune teller.
“Shut it, you fiend!” shouted Titto to the fortune teller.
“Huh? You don’t think so? Maybe your neck will be put on the next sacrifice,” screeched the fortune teller.
“… Titto, release the creatures,” said Veron, with trembling voice.
“Emperor?” muttered Titto, little afraid. Looking at Veron, hoping that he heard it wrong. The fortune teller seemed to be confused, her red eyes blinking fast.
“There is no other way…” said Veron, shaking his head.
“Your highness… it will destroy everything,” said Titto.
“Now we made this for this purposes haven’t we? Release it!” shouted Veron.
“As you say Emperor, let us prepare for immediate evac. Are we… are we going to the island of riddles?”
Veron nodded, getting the fortune teller more confused. She was scratching her arm, fluttering herself.
“And you,” said Veron to the fortune teller. “You told me Nina is no match for me?”
“Well, of course Emperor! All you have to do is more sacrifice! More! More! MORE!!!” screamed the fortune teller, her eyes bulging out, Titto frowned, disgusted. Veron stood there, stared at the rock for a moment. He pulled out the pistol and shot the fortune teller’s head. The fortune teller made a weird screeching sound, the blood splattered on the wall. Her neck bent backward and she dripped massive blood from her head. She dropped on the floor.
“Liar,” said Veron.
Titto didn’t know what to say, he was amazed, didn’t believed what just happened.
“Bring Valentine and Melady… Let’s get out of here…” said Veron, with grief and sorrow, collapsed down on the floor. Titto startled and moved toward Veron, but he stopped Titto.
“Go!” bellowed Veron. Titto nodded and ran out the door, still shocked. He ran as fast as he could, pushing officers on the way. But soon, Titto stopped on the hallway, overwhelmed by tears, and sobbed on the hall on his knees.

In the wilderness, Alvin, Diana, Nancy, Tasha and Jake were exhausted at walking. Their eyebrows were heavy, every limbs sore, they walked like zombies. It was almost dark; Jake was making a weird noise, murmuring “stupid squirrels.” They didn’t even notice the beautiful sunset. After a while the moon came up, Alvin yelled “At last!” he saw the orange light, coming from behind. 
“Ok, we might come too far, let’s go back a little,” said Alvin. Everyone leered at Alvin angrily.
When they approached the orange light, they could hear a wild laughter, Alvin said,
“Ok, now don’t panic,” said Alvin.
“For what?” asked Diana.
“Necessary procedures, no harm done,” muttered Alvin, grinning, staring at the darkness,
There were silence in the dark forest, Tasha and Jake were looking at Alvin, and Nancy was waiting on the spot. Soon, there were armed men came out from the bush, aiming a gun at them. Nancy almost fainted at the group of men.
“Who are you?” asked the young man.
“An old friend of Gilbert, I hope he didn’t die from overdrinking, would you be kind enough to escort to him?” said Alvin.
“… Check the weapons,” muttered the young man, alerted, still pointing a gun at Alvin. The man searched Alvin and took out his machine guns, and from the bag he took out the bullet belts. Six portable machine guns and one revolver came out from Alvin and two of the machine gun came out from Tasha’s pocket.
“Starting to plan a war, Mr.?” said the young man, pointing the gun at Alvin’s face,

“It’s a long story,” said Alvin, smiling.
“I see, let’s see to it then, follow me,” said the young man, putting the gun away and started walking. The other men followed with the stuff which Alvin brought, struggling due to its heaviness.
They walked toward the small wooden village. There were loud roar of belly laugh coming out from the large house. The young man knocked the door, but no one responded. The young man banged on the door. But as no one answered, he banged it again, harder.
The door suddenly opened which knocked the young man on the floor. The huge middle aged man with a large head and the fuzzy hair appeared before them. He looked at Alvin, the big man’s face twisted when he saw Alvin, frowning.
“You son of a bitch,” said Alvin, grinning. The young man startled, stood up and tried to explain the situation, but interrupted by the loud roar of the big man on the doorway.
“Alvin Caravel! What a pleasant surprise. Buddy! We’re having a spaghetti night!” roared Gilbert, laughing and hugging him. Alvin heard his spine cracking. The young man stared at Gilbert, scratched his head and went down to join the other guards. 
“Gilbert, you can put me down now,” Alvin muttered, coughing. Alvin stumbled as Gilbert put him down roughly. Diana, Nancy, Jake and Tasha saw the guards nodding at them as if they were apologizing for their hostility. From the door the smoke was coming out, Jake and Tasha frowned at the burnt smell. They came in, there were the group of people having party; the house was heated up.
“It’s our cook’s birthday! Happy birthday!!” Gilbert shouted, and everyone yelled happy birthday. “Our cook is really in a good mood! He got so drunk, he burned all the food! I just came in, you know! I’ve caught a biggest snake I ever saw in my life! I threw it to the cooks and they are cooking stew! Welcome!” shouted Gilbert, and howled at the men drinking, they howled back.
“Alvin, should we tell him that city got attacked?” whispered Diana, looking at merry men. She inched deeper into the room, little reluctant.
“No honey, he already knows,” answered Alvin.
“How?” said Diana.
“Well… I never brought him the good news,” Alvin scratched his head. 
Gilbert went into the kitchen and brought the big pot of rich stew with a big nasty snake. “Anybody hungry?” asked Gilbert.
Jake and Tasha stared at the stew and shook their head. Poor Nancy bleached at the sight. The men were cheerful, most of them with red nose, drinking wines, celebrating.
As they were too tired to do anything, Nancy and children just went to bed after a hot bath. Alvin and Diana sat down with Gilbert who was really drunk. But Gilbert just fell into sleep in front of them.
Alvin held a glass of wine. His body was extremely tiresome and sore. Diana walked to the stair and looked at him from a distance and went upstairs. Alvin got up and followed her. When he walked into the room, she grabbed his head and started sticking tongue inside him. He was no longer thinking; he just let go everything. They just threw themselves in a bed and started moaning.

Early in the morning, the birds were chirping around. In rained gently and formed a mist. Alvin woke up and tried to find Gilbert, started asking the young men who were sober enough to tell him. They’ve said they’ve seen him at the in front of the tavern. Gilbert was sitting down at the log and yawning and stretching himself.
“Gilbert, we need to talk,” said Alvin.
“Woke up pretty early eh?” Gilbert chuckled. “Did your house got bombed again?”
“Well, not exactly but similar,” Alvin muttered.
“I’ve heard the news, your former boss declared the war eh?” he chuckled. “Who would have thought? That skinny little Nina.”
“Yes,” muttered Alvin.
“So? What are you going to do? Just wait until the war is over?” said Gilbert.
“Gilbert, you need to get out of Cassandra now,” said Alvin, abruptly.
“… What are you talking about?” said Gilbert.
“Pack your stuff, Gilbert, it is not safe in here,” said Alvin.
“Hold on, hold on, we? Run away? Like a little snitches run away from Veron?” said Gilbert, arguing. 
“It is not Veron, it is something else,” said Alvin, with a concern and fear.
“… You are shitting me, what are you talking about?” said Gilbert.
“I can’t tell you now… All I can tell you is that it is related to Simard Polchinski. I’m afraid the event which took place at that night wasn’t a typical raid… So far Nina didn’t contact me, but soon she will. And I need you to leave this country and go to the Island of Riddles,” said Alvin. Gilbert choked, as if Alvin mentioned the worst case scenario; he stared Alvin for a moment.
“Island of Riddles?” chocked Gilbert, his eyes full of fear.
“Take care of my family Gilbert. Promise me that you will take care of them,” said Alvin.
“Of… Of course I will but…” muttered Gilbert. 
“Promise me, Gilbert,” Alvin looked at him sincerely, grabbing his hand firmly.
“Ok… I promise... What are you going to do?” asked Gilbert.
“I have to find Nina, I have to warn her before it is too late,” said Alvin, and he packed few things. He took out his revolver and left it on the table in the room where Diana was sleeping. And he got out of there, without telling anything, just headed back to Nina’s base.

Chapter 49
The Dark Secret

After arriving at her base, Nina burst into the building with Stein. She looked angry; the soldiers who were there looked at her nervously. Nina bellowed at them to bring the prisoners. They moved swiftly. When the Veron’s generals arrived, Nina looked at them furiously and asked them about what is Alice’s experiment.
“The experiment? Ms. Polchinski, I don’t know what you are talking about,” said one of Veron’s military generals, chuckling.
“The very reason my whole family was slaughtered is because my grandfather worked on the project concerning the bio weaponry. Veron is not using orphans to make his secret agents for a reason. Now tell me, what project Veron pursued?” said Nina.
“Ms. Polchinski, I already told you I…”
Nina pulled out her gun and shot his knee. He screamed; the blood scorched out. Nina grabbed his collar and knocked him on the floor. He groaned in agony, looking at her, his red eyeballs bulging out.
“What is your name, my friend?” said Nina, chocking him.
“Ro… Roy...” he muttered.
“Now Roy, I’m going to ask you a very simple question, so don’t piss me off. What was Veron working on for past ten years?” threatened Nina, pushing the pistol against his face. The general coughed and struggled to breathe. Nina loosened him up his collar but continued to fix her gun.
“It… is called Ephemera,” he shuddered; coughing, his eyes were filled with horror as if he is remembering some disturbing memory. “Those creatures were… born artificially by modifying genes with other various insects and beasts… I didn’t think they could pull this off but they... they’ve managed to retain the cell structure from collapsing down by massively reproducing the cells…”
Stein silently gestured one of the soldiers to bring Dr. Berman as the man is going pale. One soldier went out the room hurriedly.
“Only problem was that they lacked brain function and didn’t know what food is and what feces are. And they were close to blind, although… other sensory systems were more superior compared to humans,” the general grabbed his knee, trembling, tried to stop the bleeding. His face was turning blue due to the shock. “I don’t know much about the details but I know they modified the DNAs with other creatures. It is a disgusting topic. They’ve tried worms, serpents, fleas and roosters, cockroach… When we finally made the creatures, well they… to train them for a military use… we fed them humans, mostly orphans, and the byproduct of the experiments… teaching them that this is their food.”
Nina frowned; Stein looked at him with detestation. Roy continued,
“So, not so much the brutal training for super soldiers anymore, that’s the old time. Veron contracted with a lot of bioengineers for his precious little project. For twenty years they’ve artificially produced and killed millions of infants they’ve grown in intro-fertilization dishes, those hidden in the underground facility. No one really knows what is truly going on there, and initially it was mainly focus on not the full scale war but… well, to prevent people like you, Ms. Polchinski. But the thing changed as we have made the progress. We’ve received some transmission regarding the certain outbreaks inside due to some unknown diseases, but they kept it in a level that is manageable... Nevertheless, few years ago, they’ve moved the location of the facilities to the Island of Riddles. There were too many outbreaks it was becoming unbearable…”
“Is those creatures not in Cassandra?” questioned Nina.
“No… no….” Roy shook his head. “They are enough creatures here, Ms. Polchinski… and now in the rest of the world too… Veron made them too much than he could handle… It was made to conquer the whole world…”
“How many are they?” demanded Nina.
“Many… I do not know the exact numbers, not even the people working there know, because they reproduce themselves. And if there are no orphans, they eat each others. It is a monstrous and horrible cycle,” muttered the general; he stopped talking and looked down on the floor, moaning and wimping. Nina and Stein just stood there.
“They see, because they do not see,” whispered Nina, her body trembling. She remembered this phrase from the strange letter she got from Alvin Caravel.
“Admiral?” said Stein.
“Get all the men out. Gather them into the main base,” ordered Nina to the soldiers and walked out of the room. Stein stared at the general for a moment and got out of there too. On the hallway, Nina was walking fast, Stein followed her.
“Contact James, I need to get on the chopper!” shouted Nina.
“Where are you going admiral?” asked Stein.
“Veron’s institution,” said Nina.
“But, admiral, why?” asked Stein.
“We will have to drop from the sky,” said Nina, frantically, not listening to Stein. Stein realized that she is reaching, she looked muddled and shaky. 
“If you are going to the underground lab, I’m coming with you, admiral,” muttered Stein.
“No captain, bolster the defense. That’s an order. And go back to the cell and bring one of the military general who knows the way to the underground lab. I’ll be waiting at the roof,” said Nina.
“… Admiral, the chopper is far away from here, they are all supporting battles they are having now... And you haven’t even slept for days,” said Stein.
“…”
“Admiral, it can wait; wait until everyone is safe inside the base, and then we will gather and go to the underground lab with you. At this state, it is more likely that you will be taken by those creatures. I don’t think those cloaking device would be much of a help. You’ll need a suit,” said Stein, calmly.
Nina listened, her breathing became slower.
“All right captain.” said Nina, sighing. Stein smiled, little relieved. She grabbed her forehead and leaned on the wall, she had a throbbing headache, and she was extremely tired.
“… Contact Alvin Caravel,” muttered Nina.
“… Yes admiral,” said Stein. The soldiers were moving hurriedly in the hallway, passing Stein and Nina.
“I need a shower,” murmured Nina.

Chapter 50
The Tavern

After few days after Nina’s army retreated, Veron’s army bases were undergoing reformation. During the time, they became sluggish, thinking that Nina got scared of them. In one tavern, where the owner had gut to open the store even during the war time, the Veron’s soldiers gathered. One side of the wall was damaged badly by the bombshells, there was huge crack from top to bottom; windows were shattered and covered roughly by the piece of woods. 
The soldiers were drinking heavily, beating up some old man for staring at their loyal faces. Some guy in the bar saw this, and looked at the old man screaming. He walked up to the soldiers who were beating the old man and bowed down to them. He said he was the old man’s friend and took him out of there. 
The soldiers looked proud, laughing, saying “That bitch needs to be tortured and beheaded!” “Veron is a true king of the universe, descendent of gods!” some were crying out for their victory and toasting about lost soldiers to Nina that cold-hearted witch.
They started quarreling among themselves after the series of insults among each others. Saying that they have a greater contribution to the army and calling others a coward.
And something slowly crawled into the tavern. It was big like a crocodile but looked more like some degenerated frog. It fumed a horrible smell. The girls at the bar started a hysterical screaming and started running away. The soldiers were shocked at the beginning but soon they watched it as if the circus came to town. One soldier with a highest rank at the table threw a nasty look and scorned at the thing.
“What the fuck is this?” the soldiers sniggered and approached the creature, taking out their guns.
“Maybe it is that bitch’s pet!” said one of them. They burst into laughter and they started shooting at the thing. The thing made a squealing noise, vibrating intensely and fell dead on the floor.
“The smell…” the people in the bar pinched their noses, some of them ran outside. And a sound of growling came from outside, the soldiers looked at the door, clutching their guns. Suddenly one bloody corpse was thrown from outside. The soldiers gazed at it and started shooting at the darkness beyond the door.
“Stop stop!!” one of them shouted.
The soldiers were sweating. They looked at the half eaten corpse which the whole body was ripped open.
“Reload the ammos!” bellowed the man. “Now!”
 Some of them dropped the gun, was on their knees, puking. The little creature, which looked like a little girl yet somehow resembling a moth, came in. She was a lot smaller than the dead one which entered first. She had yellow eyes with red veins surrounding it. The look was so horrifying they all froze. The little girl flicked her head and started screaming, and the bunch of others gushed into the bar. There were screaming and yelling; the soldiers fired at them, but there were too many. The tavern was filled with the sound of crashes and caterwauling, but it slowly died.
The institution where Karl worked was the original location of the underground lab. Until they closed it down due to the constant breakout of the disease and actual incidents concerning creatures. Fearing the potential massacre of students, they moved the lab location in the field between the institution and the town where Alvin Caravel lived. They surrounded them with mines. The occasional mine explosions in the field made the dwellers in the city reluctant to go near the institution.
The tunnel which Tasha and Jake passed to get to the institution was the tunnel which was used to move the creatures secretly. The underground facility was now being used as a shelter, where all the professors, students and other dwellers were hiding in now. 
During this time, Karl warned people to get out of there as he knew the creatures were living right under them, and soon they will gush through the tunnel. But as they refused, Randolph mocked him and called him a crazy person. Karl grabbed Tyler and got out of there. He knew Veron will soon release the creatures.
Karl knew about the creatures because of the strange encounter he had with a baby corpse he found at the barn. The baby’s head was ripped out completely. While he was examining the baby, the farmers broke into the barn and ran away screaming. This earned him a notorious fame for some period.
Since then he tried to track down the clues, and happened to look carefully at Alvin Caravel and his secret relation with Simard Polchinski about his research of massive regeneration of cells. Karl got curious so he tried to extract information from Alvin.
The attempt failed however; Karl tried to capture him while he is walking in the back alley. He hired local gangs to track his movement. They were planning to hit him with a truck to disarm him and take him to the abandoned building to interrogate. But the truck driver and the entire gangs who were hiding were slaughtered as Alvin noticed and opened fire at them.
The worse thing was that Alvin assaulted Karl’s office and fired machine gun at his wall, to warn him to stay away. Few bullets pierced his shoulder but he was alive.
After this incident, Karl almost gave up hope on digging the mystery, until he heard about Herbie Madison, the mercenary, talking about the strange letter, which contained the information why Alvin left the command of Nina Polchinski. Before Veron executed the youth group, the Rodents, Karl visited Robert and threatened him to hand over the letter. Robert thought he was sent by Nina Polchinski and gave him the letter. Robert was completely devastated after this incident and made him hate the country. So, when Veron executed the youths in the abandoned building, Robert just left Cassandra without looking back.
Herbie thought the letter was merely for an espionage purpose but it was more than that. It was the plan set up by Alvin Caravel to convince Nina to escape from Cassandra. Alvin knew that Nina wouldn’t listen when he forced to drag her out from Veron’s presence so he waited for the right moment. Karl knew this has to be true because not only the mail consists of the fact that Alvin left Nina’s command, which Nina already knew at the time, but there were puzzling comment under it which made traffickers to presume that Alvin was working as a spy, but at the same time, gave a different message to Nina.
“They see because they do not see,” it was written, it was the phrase which only makes sense when Nina realizes that those creatures exists and it can see through her cloaking device. 
It turns out that Alvin left Nina’s command to figure out the secret planning done by Veron and Titto, which ended up adding more tension to Veron which revealed more of his secret because, when they accelerated the project it created the uncomfortable situation for the professors in the institution and made them complain concerning their compensation. Initially he couldn’t even tell Nina as he was concerned that the words might get into Veron’s ears, although Nina had her own suspicions after the ship sunk in the southern sea. Alvin stayed undercover and waited for the right moment to rescue Nina before the mess.
Karl, while contacted by Veron to capture Nina Polchinski, had accepted the task not to capture Nina, but for the purpose of confirming the existence of the creatures. He entered Veron’s database in headquarter, and bingo, he found the record of the genetic technology called Ephemera.
So he escaped as fast as he could, bringing Tyler, his favorite student, with him. Now he is running away to the Island of Riddles. Abruptly, they were stopped by the creature on the street. It was their first encounter, Karl and Tyler froze, he saw the thing moving which looked at them with a red, deformed eyeballs. It looked like some mixture of rooster and the worm. It growled and made a weirdest noise. Karl and Tyler stepped backwards. The creature’s gooey saliva dripped down to the ground.
Karl gripped his gun tightly, taking a deep breath. The thing was clattering its teeth. He yelled and started shooting with his machine gun. It got hit by bullets, it bled and screamed and its big body fell down on the street. Karl was shaking a little but calmed down. Tyler struggled not to pass out, soaked with sweat. The thing didn’t move, but Karl put out his big revolver and shot it few times. He shuddered, catching his breath and put his gun back to his pocket. Its blood was thick like a jelly and smelt like some chemical.
From a distance, they heard gunfire and people screaming. “Shit…” Karl cursed. “Let’s go, Tyler, the chopper is near!” 
Mysterious murders were continued in a dim twilight of Cassandra. Dozens of heads were rolling in a middle of the square, houses, parks, and sewage, like fresh cut grasses. Blood vapor rose, rats and dogs joyfully joined flock of crows for a feast. It was a frenzy animal party; the public panicked.

Chapter 51
Nina’s Nightmare

“Well, I’m guessing no one can save you now, is it?” said Captain Stein.
“Captain?” said Nina.
“I mean look, all is lost. Your little scheme didn’t work, because you underestimated your enemy who was sitting right before your eyes,” said Stein.
“What’s wrong captain? You are freaking me out…” said Nina.
“Well, the old Polchinski will be proud, I mean you destroyed the very country and completely destroyed us with them. It is like old nutcase suicide bombers I should say,” Stein started laughing.
Nina choked and held her pistol up. Breathing hard, her hand was shaking.
“Captain, I’m warning you to shut your mouth,” said Nina, with a trembling voice.
“Ms. Polchinski, you have lost, you are a failure, what you have planned for all these years doesn’t matter anymore. It is shit!” he chuckled.
“Shut up… Shut up!!” screamed Nina. Tear flowed from her cheek.
“Failure! You are a disgrace! Disgrace!!” Stein shouted.
Nina screamed and woke up; she found herself in the bed. She grabbed the blanket and started trembling. Stein burst into the room, with a shocked, alerted face with the fuzzy hair as he just woke up.
“Admiral! I heard a scream, are you alright?” said Stein.
Nina was still shaking on the bed, staring at Stein, mumbling,
“Get away… get away…” she trembled.
“…” Stein looked at her in silence, worried.
“Get away!” Nina threw a glass on the floor. 
Nina sniffed and tear flowed from her eyes and started to sob like a poor little bird. Stein sighed and walked toward her slowly and gave her a hug.
“You have fought well Nina. You have fought well... You are the bravest person I’ve ever met,” muttered Stein. Nina sobbed in his big arm.

Sarah was complaining to Paul because she and he were being transferred back to the base. They were in the van along with the paratroopers. She didn’t understand the order, since the war was almost over and at this pace they can soon achieve the victory.
“Well, I don’t get it either…” said Paul.
“See? See? I’m not the only one, people!” said Sarah, yelling at the paratroopers riding in the van.
“Yeah, but normally we don’t know what Nina is doing,” muttered Paul.
“Yes! But this is different, I mean look! Veron’s soldiers are afraid. They are retreating and hiding inside the dumpsters. We can take them all out now before they escape!” growled Sarah, banging at the car window. They were passing the half blown building among the rubbles. The stray dog chased the rats around.
“We have to meet the marines and move with them. I guess we can have couple of drinks when picking up our units, it would make you feel better?” said Paul.
“No! Not even close! But yeah I’m going to do that, I haven’t seen those sea snitches for a while!” shouted Sarah.
The homeless person was startled at the van passing by. He merely stared at them dully and started snoring, hugging a black plastic bag. The creature saw the homeless person from a distance. It ran and attacked him, the man screamed in shock and struggled to get away but it was no use.
The van stopped at the half-blown building. Sarah stepped down from the car and closed the door with her foot. She walked toward the stairs and others followed. They walked up to the third floor and approached the room.
“Hey asshole! Open up!” said Sarah, banging the door.
“Sarah?” said the voice from inside, the door opened and there were familiar faces. It was Michel. Sarah lost the words to say; she didn’t expect Michel to be here.
“You…” said Sarah, her eyes got widened. Michel hugged Sarah.
“I hate you,” said Sarah, her voice cracking, pushing him away. Michel chucked and let her go.
“Will you, hate me forever and ever?” said Michel, looking at Sarah.
“I do,” said Sarah.
“In sickness and health?” said Michel, playfully.
“Until I drop dead, asshole,” muttered Sarah, frowning.
“As do I,” and Michel kissed Sarah. She didn’t resist a little, rather enjoying it. Michel smiled. Sarah threw a punch right into his nose. 
“Fuck you,” Sarah grinned, laughing. Michel moaned and grunted in pain, grabbing his nose. He turned around to the units who were having a beer and chips.
“I guess our girl just arrived! Let’s party!” shouted Michel, sniffing. Everyone cheered. They were playing game, cheerfully celebrating their reunion.
“Ahhh, you’re it! You are it, Paul! Now get naked and go find more beer!” someone shouted. Paul cursed. He staggered and started stripping, everyone howled.
“GO PAUL! GO PAUL! GO PAUL! GO PAUL!” they yelled.
Paul stripped down the underwear and all guys booed and cursed.
“FUCK YOU MAN!” screamed Michel.
“OUTTA BOI!” Sarah screeched happily.
And Paul got out the room to get more beers and rest enjoyed the party. About twenty minutes later, someone knocked on the door.
Knock, knock, knock
“Who the fuck is it?” said Sarah, hiccupping.
“It’s open, Paul, damn it! Or did you just got raped?” one of the marines shouted, everyone laughed.
“Cheer!” they shouted.
BANG BANG BANG!! The door banged loudly, shaking the door. The room got silent. The people in the room slowly grabbed their weapons. 
“Paul! Is that you?” said Sarah, little concerned. But there was no answer everyone silenced. Michel stepped up with a beer bottle and went to the door to see. But the door creaked open before Michel touched the door knob.
It was a girl, everyone in the room got fixated on the girl. There was something odd about her who was standing in the doorway. She had unusually big eyes, bluish lips, and her cheek was ripped, as if bitten by a dog. One of the marines, Isaac, put down his trump card and slowly grabbed his sniper rifle. Some stood up. There was a heavy silence in the room.
“Help…” The little girl murmured and passed out on the floor. From behind, there was a low growl. The thing ran toward them, making a weird noise. With a loud bang, the bullet made a heavy plunge through the creature’s head. The creature rolled on the ground and laid flat right before Michel’s foot.
“Oh… thanks,” said Michel, observing the massive creature just dead on his feet, gushing back to reality.
“Real sniper catches a blink,” said Isaac, the sniper, trying to look cool.
“Ok... What is that thing?” said Sarah, her face was pale.
“What is that?...” They murmured, seeing down at the ugly creature. But a moment later the room froze. The creature made a screeching sound and swung its limbs around. Everyone shot at the thing, cursing aloud, the creature’s skin got shredded and fell on the floor, flinching. They kept shooting at it.
“All right stop! Save your ammo!” shouted Sarah and all of them stopped shooting. Only the heavy breathing filled the room.
“Where is Paul?” Michel said, grabbing the ammo.
“Damn it! Pack up guys, let’s find Paul! Isaac, Take care of the girl!” yelled Sarah. Units all ran out to the hallway.
But they saw the man walking toward them, and the naked man, who was hiding his nuts, tagged him along. 
“What the…?” Sarah said at this strange sight, aiming at the man.
“Drop your weapon! Drop your …” but Sarah stopped, and recognized his face, she and the other men lowered their weapons.
“Well, I thought you guys were still here,” grinned Alvin, “Sorry for the wait.”
Paul was shyly standing behind him, slowly emerged from behind.
“Sarah, baby, where is Nina?” said Alvin, with a shrewd smile.

He sent divisions to check the various refugee camps to look for Alvin Caravel. Later that evening, Alvin came to Nina. She was sipping hot chocolate at the time. When she saw Alvin, she paused for a moment, and set down her mug.
“Missed you, Alvin,” said Nina, smiling.
“Well, should I explain to you about the shelter then?” said Alvin.
“The shelter?” said Nina.
While they were talking, Stein came in. He was frustrated that Nina was casually talking with Alvin without informing him. Alvin was talking about the Island of Riddles, that there is a safe village that they need to go.
Stein was skeptical but reluctantly approved Alvin’s plan and gave the report that Captain Nottingham managed to survive. Only two of the ships survived, both were badly damaged.
The creatures were released all over Cassandra, destroying the city. Protected by the infantries and the machine’s suit, Nina’s army moved slowly toward Nottingham’s ships.

Sharine and Kevin somehow found the cave, but didn’t stay for long. The people at the caves were panicking and angrily shouting at each other. And the massive amounts of creatures broke out from the dark hole of the cave. Sharine and Kevin screamed and just ran to the underground tunnel. They went through the thick forest, entered the hatch and hurriedly went down the stairs. Sharine and Kevin got into the cart. Kevin was checking the device.
“Hurry up asshole!” shouted Sharine, slapping Kevin’s back.
“I’m trying!” yelled Kevin. The screeching sounds were approaching them from the darkness. Sharine shot at the dark, the mine cart started moving. “Go!” shouted her, hearing something running toward them fast. Kevin kicked at the lever and it made a jerk, it boosted away.

In the village Ricky and Glock were fishing, enjoying the view. Ricky looked at his watch and the big clock tower interchangeably and said. “This thing is broken, it can’t be right,” said Ricky, tapping his watch and started turning the clock.
There was a diary which Ricky brought with him, Glock glanced at it, it was written,

Protection of liberty
Be humble, for all men are created equal. So that, we may love and care for one another. And mostly, above all, love your God who created you.
