Mr Del


Stuart Tilley



Published by Stuart Tilley at Smashwords
Copyright 2020 Stuart Tilley



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite e-book retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales,
and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



Table of Contents

Mr Del
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
About the Author
Connect with Me



To my wife, for her help in the completion of this book

.

“There is only one thing in life worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.”

Oscar Wilde



Chapter 1

The wind whistled ominously like a tortured soul around the derelict old buildings, and the sky was dull and overcast, just waiting to dump its heavy load of water onto the ground, which it frequently did in this part of Britain. People were wrapped in all manner of clothing trying to keep warm and dry, and all of them looked as if they were playing a part in a lifelong misery. This was a poor area in the North of England. Life was hard for the local people who could not find much work, and money was scarce. The industry that once put food on the working man’s table was now just another set of derelict old buildings falling to pieces brick by brick.
Fine dining in a restaurant was a burger or fried chicken for these once proud people and eating out was a rare treat. Despite this, they made the best of what they had. They were a very friendly bunch and would give you their last penny, even if it meant them having no money themselves. 
Hard times drove people to do things of which they weren’t proud. Making ends meet meant survival in what was no more than a modern jungle.
Derek, or Del to his friends, had a plan, and the promise of some relatively easy money was irresistible to the hard-up ex-army man who, despite being in his late twenties, was still living at home, much to the angst of his mother, who didn’t really have any time for him. He often lay on his single flat-pack bed, which only had three proper legs with stacked books for the fourth and dreamed of having his own house with a beautiful wife and a few kids.  
His dreams were usually cut short by the sound of his mother crashing around the house. After half a bottle of vodka and coke, the carpet was her golden sand, and she lay there drunk on the floor, with the afternoon television talking to itself.  This was her way of coping with the hand they had all been dealt, and she was on her own tropical island. 
After coming out of the army unexpectedly, Derek was forced down the grey pathway of life which led to the benefit office where once a fortnight he would get to meet his old school mates. He had no real skills transferable from his short army career, and his academic record was nothing to shout about.
He stared through the telescopic sight on the top of his Steyr rifle, holding the weapon delicately like a girlfriend with whom, as yet, he hadn’t had much luck.  The rain was falling hard and battering the ground as he carefully moved the barrel from side to side, looking far into the distance at the local council offices and then to the burger restaurant next door.
 Even though he was nearly half a mile away, he could clearly see the wrappers around peoples’ burgers. As one man bent over to pick something up, his involuntary mooning had the effect of eclipsing the rifle’s sight for a second.  Derek was careful not to move around too much as the sleek black weapon was perched precariously on the top of an old window. He took his eye from the sight and looked down the rifle’s side with awe and affection.  He had always liked the look of guns and rifles, not for what they could do but for what he felt was a beauty in the design. 



He thought about how men in the trenches of the First World War had used bayonets on the end of their rifles and plunged them into living tissue and bone. No, that was not for him. He would rather let the bullet do the work from a safe distance.  So it was that he ended up in the army, training to be a sniper, which had left him with skills that were now, for once, becoming useful.
The wintery weather whistled through the derelict house in which he waited. Some of the walls had fallen away, and the wind blew through a natural vortex, which made it sound like people moaning.  He thought how even the wind sounded depressed.  Many of the surrounding buildings had been empty for a very long time and were due to be pulled down but, due to spending in other areas, the council’s overstretched budget could never run to the demolition costs.
The old sash window didn’t come down all the way, and despite his efforts, Derek couldn’t get it any lower even after a good hard pull on the window. After inspecting the sash ropes, which were in quite a good condition considering the state of the rest of the house, he decided not to try to force it any further. However, the top part of the window’s lowered frame made a perfect rest for the rifle, albeit a bit too high up for his liking. To have a good field of vision for the rifle and subsequent shot, he needed more height.
The dirty old house with bits of worn or makeshift furniture looked like it had once been a home for squatters, and after searching around he found a wooden box like a small tea chest on which he could stand. This seemed sufficiently strong to hold the weight of his quite skinny body and gave him the height he needed for the task in hand.
Standing on the box like someone at Speaker’s Corner in Hyde Park, he began gently holding his rifle again and looked through the sight.  He moved his view to the left to see the rotating doors of the grey concrete council building that a certain Councillor Woodcock would be walking through in around fifteen minutes on his way to a meeting on local funding. 
A traffic warden came into view and was hanging around near the entrance. “Idiots,” Derek muttered to himself as he gently rubbed his firing finger across the trigger and contemplated shooting him.   
Then he thought better of it, not wanting to waste a bullet, which was not cheap for this type of firearm. He had managed to acquire the untraceable rifle and ammunition through a friend of a friend who dealt in various weapons on demand.
 Again, he looked at the sleek black rifle which, although not the most up to date, had become his favourite after he had first experienced firing one on the army range. He remembered that at the distance he would be from his target, it would have to be a good shot as the rifle was close to its maximum effective range.
 


Chapter 2

“Roll out the barrel, we’ll have a barrel of fun,” a wailing voice could be heard, accompanied by a slightly out of tune piano being played in the corner of this depressing pub on the outskirts of Sheffield.
“Who the fuck is this bloke? Roll out the bloody barrel! He needs to piss off down to London, and even then he’ll be about forty years too late for all that stuff,” grumbled a very irate customer at the next table to where Derek was sitting trying to have a quiet beer, or so he hoped. It wasn’t so much the out of date and out of tune piano and singer but the guy next to him mouthing off that irritated Derek.
The pub was a regular for Derek, or at least when he could muster up enough cash to buy a beer. He and his friends would try to save their money and have a big night out once a month. This normally meant them all gathering in the pub, usually on Karaoke night, where he was nearly always persuaded to get up and sing ‘New York, New York’ when he was pissed and could barely stand up. 
A good night was usually measured on how few people made it home. Of the six mates that congregated monthly, it would have to be no more than three making it home to qualify as a bender of a night out. The pub always seemed happier and brighter on these nights, but this was just an alcoholically fuelled illusion, and the pub was, in fact, its usual lifeless dump with a load of drunkards in the corner talking bullshit or singing along to the piano.
This was traditionally followed up by a Doner from the only kebab shop in the town, which regularly had holes in the glass from youngsters throwing stones at the window to wind up the owner. Derek nearly always made it home, not that he really wanted to go back to his mother, who would be sprawled out on one of the floors in the house. In his drunken state, Derek believed that his kebab had some magical way of directing him home, like a diviner looking for water, even when he hadn’t a clue where he was.
At that moment, a stranger walked in, and Derek guessed him to be the person he was waiting for. The stranger went to the bar and ordered a drink. He was very tough looking with a short military-type haircut, tattoos, and a strong physique. The sort you didn’t cross if you wanted to stay alive.
He came over to Derek and sat down, putting his glass of lemon-and-lime on the small round table. “You must be Derek,” he said.  
“Yes, but you can call me Del,” replied Derek. 
“So, Derek, my boss needs someone to do a job for him. His local lad is not available, and the word around is that you are handy with a rifle.”
“I know which end to point,” replied Derek jokingly.
The stranger gave a forced smile. “We have someone who needs to be removed. All the information you need is in this envelope along with five thousand pounds. The other five thousand you will get when the job is complete. Do you understand?” he said, pushing the envelope across the table.
“Yes, that’s fine. I can sort my own hardware out, and I’ll get the job done.”



“Excellent, that concludes our business, now don’t let us down,” he said, giving Derek a severe look.  
“No problem. I didn’t catch your name.” 
“That’s because I didn’t give it,” replied the stranger. He stood up, took a mouthful from his drink, and pulling a face, set it back on the table. As he was leaving, he commented “Stupid barman, too much lime in that.”
It was as though the pub had gone into quiet mode whilst the stranger was there, but it soon reverted to its usual depressing atmosphere. 
“Roll out the barrel, Roll out the barrel.” 
“Bloody hell, I’m off; it’s no barrel of fun here, is it,” said the guy on the table next to Derek as he stormed out of the pub with the old boy on the piano stuck like a scratched record.
Derek opened the large padded envelope, pulling out two sheets of paper along with a photo of a Councillor Woodcock, which he quickly slid back into the envelope, looking around the pub as he did so to make sure he hadn’t been seen. The neatly typed sheets of paper gave clear instructions as to when and where to target the councillor. 
There was also a clear plastic bag full of cash in fifty-pound notes held together with an elastic band. Derek thought how many good nights in the pub this would pay for, which made him happier for a few seconds.
 


Chapter 3

Five minutes to go, and Derek was starting to feel the cold. His trigger finger was getting a bit stiff, but that didn’t worry him as he remembered his training days, lying on frozen floors shooting Herman. This was the name given to the target at the end of the army and other military firing ranges. “Herman” was a wooden board with a soldier painted in black and green with a growling face. He popped up and rotated left to right, giving the shooter the chance to aim and fire when it came into full view.
Derek looked through the rifle sights again and could see the busy burger restaurant next door, full of people coming in for lunch. A rather pretty girl walked past towards the council building; he followed her until the rifle hit the side of the window jamb, and she was gone. He was thankful he didn’t have to shoot her as she was a stunner.
Correcting his position again, he noticed just in the bottom of his field of vision a car pulling up, so he angled the rifle down as much as the window would allow to get a better view. 
There was a walkway from the road along which the Councillor was now strolling as he made his way towards the revolving doors. 
“Right, here we go,” said Derek to himself. Woodcock was now clearly visible in the middle of the crosshairs on the sight of the rifle. Derek breathed in and gently squeezed the trigger.
A microsecond away from the bullet leaving the barrel, the wooden box started to give way, causing Derek to jerk the rifle slightly. The bullet flew at nearly two thousand miles per hour through the large glass window of the burger restaurant, and as the box totally gave way, Derek fell hard onto his side, still holding the rifle.  
Without a thought and feeling no pain, he managed to scramble to the window, remove the rifle’s sight and use it like a telescope. He looked at the offices and could see the councillor just entering the revolving doors perfectly unharmed.
He moved the sight around looking everywhere, “Oh sod it,” he said loudly, as he saw a hole in the middle of the burger restaurant window with a cobweb of cracks spreading outward like jagged fingers. 
 “Bloody hell, its cold in this place,” one man said to his wife, staring at the hole.
“That’ll probably be ‘cos these twats keep leaving the door open, or because the window has just cracked,” she said sarcastically as they both continued to eat their cold burger and fries. Derek couldn’t believe his eyes. He thought how tough these people were; there was no way they would miss out on their burgers.
 In fact, only one couple near the window had got up and moved away after the bullet had shot through the glass and landed in the menu on the wall, thankfully killing nobody.
Panic now set in as Derek realised the problem wasn’t the burger bar or the councillor but instead the Police, who had by now probably been called, and the crime boss who he now had to avoid at all costs.
He leaned his forehead on the glass of the window in disbelief, and after a short while, he realised that he needed to move and quickly.



 The wind was howling louder, almost shouting at him to get out of there before the police found him. His shock passed, and with thoughts of the hitman from the pub finding him pushed to the back of his mind, he picked up the rifle and shoved the sight into his pocket. 
He ran down the stairs two at a time, with the old wood bending to almost breaking point. Now in full flight and just before reaching the door, his foot disappeared into a hole in the floor, and he fell again for the second time in a matter of minutes. This time the rifle skittered along the floorboards and partly disappeared into another hole.
He was now beginning to panic again, so he calmed his breathing and tried to remove his foot from the hole, in which he succeeded, but without his shoe which was now firmly wedged in the floor.  
“Bloody unbelievable,” he admonished himself for his clumsiness.
Realising time was moving on, he reasoned it wouldn’t take the police long to spread out their search, and the fear of being caught even though he was quite some distance away, chilled him to the bone more than the old house ever could. 
He gave up trying to pull the shoe out, impulsively pushed the half-exposed rifle under the floorboards to hide it and ran out across the muddy path into the rain.
After running like he was in a school three-legged race, he finally made it to his old Ford Fiesta, his Batmobile. It was the one reliable thing in his life, or at least it was until the yearly MOT test when the car seemed to fail deliberately, spluttering onto the tester’s ramp looking sorry for itself and almost asking for sympathy. It would then run fine for the rest of the year until the next test, as though it was doing it to wind Derek up.
 Fortunately, it started first time on this occasion, and the thought of the mob and the Police came burning back to his mind. He drove quicker than normal but not fast enough to make himself obvious to any passing police car of which he thought there would now be many, screeching up to the broken window as if it were a Hollywood movie.
In reality, the Police, in one single car, had just pulled up.
“Hey Nancy, they reckon they’ve been shot then,” said PC John White to his partner. 
“Yeh right, probably kids throwing stones at the windows again, you know what it’s like along this road,” replied the disbelieving officer who would rather be back at the station. 
They both got out, and White locked the car with the blue light still flashing. They made their way across the cracked and uneven pavement. As soon as they entered, a stressed manager flew over to them, almost as though he was on wheels.
“Oh, thank god you are here, look here,” he said, pointing at the menu on the wall, “It’s stuck in the Burger.” 
“What is, the gherkin?” smirked the policeman as Nancy gave him a discreet dig to act seriously despite how funny the manager had made it sound.
“No officer, that. Look, I’m sure it’s a bullet,” replied the manager, poking at the menu on the wall. The officer reached up and gently prized out the metallic object with the end of a small penknife he always carried.
“Yes, I believe you are correct sir, it is indeed a bullet,” said the surprised policeman, putting the crumpled piece of metal into a plastic evidence bag.



“I’ll take that,” said a voice which belonged to a tall scene of crimes officer with gloves on, who had just walked in through the door and was inspecting the hole in the window.
John and Nancy left him to the specialised task of closely investigating the wall menu, as though he was trying to smell the burgers in the photo. The officers then commandeered a table and began the laborious task of taking individual statements from all those present.  
After calming the manager down, and when the last statement was complete, they made their way back to their car. The diners watched them guardedly as they made their slow exit from the premises, hoping they wouldn’t have to hand over their burgers as evidence.
By now, Derek was some distance away, and having calmed his nerves; he hatched a plan. He thought the best option would be to get away from this dump, this life, and of course, all of those that would be chasing him. 
"So abroad it is!" he decided, "I can slip away unnoticed." Luckily, he had his passport already as he used it to wedge in the windscreen of the old Fiesta. The windscreen was becoming a bit loose on one side, which had only happened recently, typically one month before the car’s MOT was due.
Derek grinned and thought, “Bollocks to the test! We’ll go and find ourselves a sexy French girl and have a nice life somewhere over there.” 
He was now belting down the motorway, leaving Sheffield behind at a supersonic sixty miles per hour, which he realised was painfully slow and may make him look suspicious to any fast police interceptors. He had no choice however, as the old car could only get to seventy. She was just too old to muster up anything else. Down the M1 he went, with a bright future and happiness in his mind.
 After a few hours of slow driving and changing motorways, he pulled in to give himself and the car a rest at a service area on the M4 just outside Oxford. Carrying the money from the pub’s meeting in a deep pocket of his coat, he decided to have a good dinner before moving on. Remembering not to leave his passport jammed in the window, he removed it to the safety of the inner pocket of his jacket. 
Realising he only had one shoe, he moved stealthily like a ninja without being seen, to a clothing bank at the side of the car park, where people had left bags of items piled next to the full container. He searched discretely, looking around to make sure nobody was watching, and finally found a pair of blue canvas deck shoes with rubber soles. 
Derek was quite happy to have something on his now cold foot, and he was pleasantly surprised at how well they fitted. As a gesture, he left his one shoe in a bag and made his way across the car park, stopping to ask an elderly lady how to get to the restaurant. 
“Well, if you can call these places restaurants, carry on over the car park and in through the door with the lights above, or of course, follow the signs on the wall,” she replied with a smirk on her face.
“Okay, thank you,” he said, making his way around the myriad of parked cars.



He checked over his shoulder and looked at his beloved Fiesta parked at the far side of the ranks of cars and thought how different it seemed here compared to where he lived. Quite classy, he thought, even for motorway services.
He went to the self-service counters after passing all the shops inside, and had an all-day breakfast in the massive eatery, which was packed with people, all devouring their various choices of food from the multicultural counters along one side of the dining hall. 
He liked ethnic cuisine of all kinds, but an English full breakfast was his go-to food whenever he could. 
The all-day breakfast was heaven, two slices of bacon, a sausage, fried bread, beans, mushrooms, and two bullet eggs, which were hard and rubbery due to the overhead counter lights where the food sits waiting for weary travellers. Without fail, this was all washed down with a cup of strong sugary tea. 
Suddenly panic rooted him to his seat, and he was stuck mid mouthful with baked beans falling off his fork. He watched as a police car slowly circled the car park, past the window where he was now sitting, and then casually out through the exit. He was relieved to see the car accelerate along the slip road as it entered back onto the motorway, but his worrying thoughts came flooding back.  
He could see himself in some prison chained up to a wall like the Count of Monte Cristo, a book he had read as a boy, or lying there dead from some vicious weapon wielded by the tough guy from the pub. It sent shivers down his spine and made him realise he was no gangster, just a bloody good shot with a rifle. Well, the box wasn’t his fault; it was just one of those things.
He sat there for about forty minutes, watching all the different people coming and going with their busy lives. There were the families who made going on holiday so stressful that they needed another holiday to recover. There was a group of travelling salesmen, all huddled in a corner with their smart suits telling each other about their lives and conquests. 
Then there was a group of girls trying to get pissed, wearing their hen night t-shirts and all falling back into their waiting coach on its way to a ferry where they had planned to get seriously pissed out of their heads. He hoped they weren’t going his way as he wanted to keep, or at least try to keep, his mind calm as he was planning the next move.
He rubbed his now full stomach and stood up to carry on with the rest of his journey to Portsmouth, where he hoped to board a ferry across to France.
He thought it would be easiest using the cash to get a ticket at Portsmouth docks, especially as he hadn’t been able to pre-book. A few more hours and he would be on the sea and away from Britain.  His hopes were soon dashed as he reached his Batmobile on the far side of the car park and found that two of his wheels had been stolen. 
 “Bloody hell! This is Oxford; no shit is supposed to happen here.” He was so angry to see his beloved old faithful car crippled and now a lame duck. 



He had a spare wheel, but one was useless, “Why couldn’t the shitheads have taken one wheel and left me mobile” he shouted.
He realised that it was time for him and the Fiesta to part as he couldn’t hang around in case more police came in and saw the state of the car. 
After quickly checking inside but not finding anything useful, he sadly had to say, “Bye-bye old girl,” patting it like he was losing a member of his family. Walking away from the car, he decided to phone his mother; he didn’t know why but he thought he might as well say goodbye to her too and get it all out of the way.
“Yes, what the hell do you want?” was the reply when the phone was answered. 
“I’m going abroad Mom, and I will be gone a while to France, and just wanted to say bye,” he replied 
“Oh, well, have a good time,” she said sarcastically, “In fact, you might not be able to come back as I have a fella moving in soon.” 
She was about to put the phone down and remembered, “Oh, if you do come back, could you bring me some cheap tobacco? A few packs will do.” 
“Bye Mom,” he said, pressing the end call button on his mobile and feeling quite sad that he didn’t really have anyone in the world who cared a damn about him.
 He wandered around and found his way to the parked coaches, where a driver had just turned on the seating lights inside and was fiddling around, wiping his windscreen as he waited for his customers to re-board. Derek saw that the sign on the front showed the big posh coach was headed for Portsmouth, which was exactly where he wanted to head for. 
“Excuse me mate, you off to Portsmouth?” he asked the driver, who looked as though he had been driving non-stop for every year of his life. Despite his ghoulish looks and the sunken eyes with dark rings around, he was quite a jolly fellow with a personality and accent like the comedian Les Dawson.
“Aye lad, with a bunch of people on a jolly to the ferry. You know, going on their coach holiday to Spain,” and at that moment the side of the coach vibrated, and a muted voice could be faintly heard.
“Oi Bill, I can’t open the door again. Can you come and let me out?” Derek looked shocked. “Do you have prisoners on board?” he laughed.
“No, it’s the second driver in the bunk below. We have two drivers when going abroad, and the idiot keeps locking himself in. I’ll let him out in a minute.” The driver grinned mischievously.
“I was wondering if I could pay for a ride to Portsmouth, and if you are going to the ferry port, that’s even better. I am hoping to make the next ferry to France. I have cash,” said Derek.
“Well, I shouldn’t really,” replied Bill, sucking in through his mouth and pulling a face that made him look even more like Les Dawson with his lips puckered up. “Give me a hundred and keep quiet about it, or I’ll say I miscounted and you’re a stowaway. 



Mind you, there aren’t inspectors on board and shouldn’t be between here and Portsmouth.” 
Derek shook hands and gave him one hundred and fifty as a goodwill gesture.
“Very kind of you. It’ll take a while, though; we still have about two-and-a-bit hours before we get there. That’s after I have made all the final stops 'cos we are only half full now,” the driver informed him. 
“Thanks, I will keep myself quietly tucked away towards the back,” replied Derek as the driver walked away around the coach talking to his stuck colleague. 
Derek climbed in and made himself comfortable in a window seat almost at the back of the coach, hoping it wasn’t already occupied by one of the other travellers. It was very plush, with television screens, two toilets, a small bar, and air conditioning. He had been settled in his seat for only ten or fifteen minutes when the other passengers began to get back on the coach after stopping for their evening meal. 
Most of the people looked tired, and the subdued lighting gave everyone a sleepy feeling. A couple got on and sat in the seats across the aisle to him as a loud Birmingham accent rang out from the woman. 
“‘Allo, you just got on here mate?” said the man, holding out his hand, and before Derek could answer, the man’s wife said rather loudly, “Hey, look over there at that bloke.” She grabbed her husband’s arm just as he was shaking hands with Derek.
“What’s up darling? He’s doing nothing wrong,” her husband replied. 
“I know, but he’s got one of them Bentleys, bloody snob.” 
“I’m Les, and this is Thelma, my lovely wife,” the man said to Derek, lifting one eyebrow to show his discontent with the busy and loud woman who made his life hard.
After five more minutes, the driver had counted the number of people on the coach. The second driver had escaped his prison and collapsed onto the front seat normally occupied by the tour guide, looking like he was going to pass out. Fortunately for him, the tour guide scheduled for the trip had called in sick, having foolishly taken on a dare the night before to consume both a madras and a vindaloo curry. The resulting digestive problem had left him unable to leave his bathroom and certainly not fit to travel. 
The coach pulled smoothly away from its bay, and Derek watched his old friend, The Batmobile, disappear into the distance. He wondered how long it would be before either the police found it and widened their search for him, or the thieves would return for the rest of the car; either way, he had to put it behind him. 
“Hey Les, look at those cows in the field, bloody hell they are lovely.” Les ignored his wife and pretended to be asleep in the faint hope that she would follow suit.
About half an hour into the trip, Derek and the put-upon Les were chatting about the weather when Les suddenly said 
“Here, do you want some of these pills? They ain’t drugs, just sleeping tablets I got from the doctor to get some peace if you know what I mean,” he said discreetly nodding toward his wife. “You’re welcome to them mate; they’ll help you get some shut-eye. Trust me; you might be grateful if she doesn’t get to sleep,” he said quietly.  



“No thanks, I appreciate it, but I am so tired I don’t think I need anything,” replied Derek.  
“Okay, no problem, I’ll have yours then as well, off for some shut-eye now,” he said, winking and turning into the seat sideways to make himself more comfortable.
The coach was now gliding down a dual carriageway. Derek wasn’t sure exactly which road he was on, but it looked like a busy A road. 
The day’s strenuous events, combined with the low lighting and the tyres’ humming sound, began to have a hypnotic effect on him, and it wasn’t long before sleep took him. 
“Wake up, sir, wake up please,” a quiet but strong female voice sounded in front of Derek. He opened his eyes to see a row of black and white squares with a silver-coloured badge in the middle of it.
  His eyes suddenly focused fully as the message slowly worked its way along the neurons to his half-asleep brain, jolting him awake as though his own body was shouting at him, “Wake up please!” repeated the police officer standing in front of him.
Derek sat there like a scared rabbit in the proverbial headlights. He tried not to panic, but the thoughts of the bullet and then the Count of Monte Cristo came flooding back, and he imagined himself chained to a wall until only his skeletal remains were left. He could move just enough to see the coach was parked and empty. “Up and leave the vehicle please now” said the officer more forcefully.
“Yes, of course Officer, what have I done?” he asked, thinking what a stupid thing it was to say as total denial to everything would be better. 
“I’m afraid there has been an incident on board the coach; you need to leave now” she said as they moved down the centre aisle.
He stepped off the coach, wondering if they were just waiting to put the handcuffs on him and throw him into a dungeon for the rest of his life. 
“Please go over there and give your statement to my colleague.” said the police officer.
After having a brief chat with several of the other travellers gathered on the tarmac, the driver came over.
“Bloody great, popping his clogs on my trip, silly sod. He took too many tablets, according to his wife.” 
It slowly dawned on Derek that it was Les that the driver was referring to. He watched as the covered body was lifted into the ambulance and wondered whether if he had accepted the sleeping pills from Les, the outcome would have been different.
He made his way over to Thelma. “I’m sorry about Les. I think the ambulance is ready; you had better get going,” he said, noticing they were shutting the doors at the back. 
“Oh, I ain’t going with him. Silly bugger took too many of those pills; I told him he didn’t need them. He’s not spoiling my holiday!” and at that, she wandered away to talk to someone else as they started to make their way back to the coach. 
Derek couldn’t believe his ears. Did the woman have no heart? Her husband had just died, but all she was interested in was still going on her holiday.   
Looking around, he realised that they had made it to the ferry port before anyone had noticed that Les was no more. 



The authorities had then moved the coach to the far corner of the port to remove the body and complete the paperwork, which meant that Derek was some distance from the ticket office.
 He quickly thanked the driver, who informed him that he needed to get a move on as the ticket office would be closed soon. Derek set off at a sort of run across the ferry car park and past the quite long line of vehicles queueing for boarding. He reached the darkened building and was now faced with a closed office and no chance of getting a ticket. 
Standing there feeling conspicuous and unnerved after his time giving his statement, Derek felt he had no choice but to take a risk. He carefully scanned around the back of the offices and spotted a possible way of getting to the ferry via the shadowy areas behind the lights. It would take him a bit longer, but he had no option if he wanted to avoid the cameras placed all around the car park. His mind slipped into stealth mode and hidden in the darkness, he edged cautiously towards the ferry where cars were now starting to load. He looked closely and was elated to see that his efforts had been worthwhile. He could see the French flag painted on the side of the ship, and in big, bold letters was written the logo ‘French Ferries, Pride of Brittany’. 
“Brilliant,” he thought. Geography wasn’t his greatest subject, but he knew that Brittany was in France, where his future now clearly lay. Now all he had to do was sneak onto the ferry, which was risky but worthwhile.
During his time in army training, they were put through the assault course on many an occasion. This involved dealing with ropes, climbing, crawling under netting, and over obstacles whilst fully kitted up. He was taught and was good at traversing water, where they had to lie on top of the rope and slide along to the other bank of the river. 
He thought what a useful technique this was, as he was now on top of one of the ship's thick ropes. It went from a bollard on the jetty up to almost the top part of the ship near the bow, where it disappeared into a hole big enough to get a man through.
 Despite his confidence and ability, halfway across he realised that the wind was getting up. Although he relished the smell and taste of the sea air, one glance down made it glaringly obvious that the task he had undertaken was not quite as simple as he had first thought. Traversing a river on one level had been far easier than crossing water on a wet bow rope at a steep angle. 
He had to pause at one point as a dockyard worker strolled along the jetty below. Luckily, he was well hidden in the shadows as all the lighting was aimed at the vehicles loading at the other end of the ship. When the worker had passed, Derek carried on finishing the last few metres, hoping he had remembered to close the pockets in his jacket, securing his passport and money.
Despite having a good appetite, especially for English breakfasts, Derek had remained thin all his life, and this made it easy for him to slide through the hole into a small dimly lit room containing large chains and capstans. Carefully avoiding knocking anything over, he made his way to a door and quietly opened it. It opened to a corridor that seemed to lead to several others, which all looked the same. 

 
He felt as if he had been dropped into the centre of a large maze. Suddenly a door opened, and a man in overalls appeared in the corridor almost next to Derek. Quick as a flash, Derek put on what he hoped was the expression of a lost and bewildered tourist.  
  “Sorry, I got lost from the car deck, where’s the café and seating area please?” he enquired, thinking it unlikely that he would be asked for his ticket by a man who clearly worked on the engines as he was covered in grease.
  “Oh no problem, its only two decks above mate. Go along here and take the next stairs on the left, go up to where it says deck area, and then through the door there, and you will be where you need to be. Oh, and if you’ve just come from car boarding, they will need to see your pass at the reception desk on the other side of the seating and food area. You can’t miss it,” he added. 
Derek thanked him and followed the directions as he felt the ship starting to move from the dock. He was amazed how quickly they had seemed to load and get going, which was great for him as his ties to Britain were about to be cut, for now at least, as he peered out of a window and saw the jetty gradually getting smaller until it finally disappeared altogether.


 
Chapter 4

The weather was extremely hot as it frequently was in the mountainous area of Eastern Spain. Sofía could almost taste the heat in the air; it was heavy like glue on the skin as the sun did its best to cook anyone standing in it for long enough. She sat astride a low wall with one leg dangling over the edge and the other foot firmly planted on the hot tarmac of the parking area in front of her bar. 
She smoked a cigarillo, finished it with one long draw, threw it over the side, and watched it fall slowly into the deep valley below, floating in the air like a crazed butterfly. Sofía Ruiz Muñoz wasn’t scared of heights, or pretty much anything, but she did have respect for the drop of over one hundred metres below and with good reason. Over the last three years, two drunken people had fallen over the wall to meet a gruesome end at the rocky bottom.
Despite putting up signs in the small car park, tourists who regularly flocked to her now-famous bar continued to disrespect the mountains’ dangers, and alcohol often gave them the Dutch courage to do stupid things for photographs of the outstanding view.
“Sofía, can we have some help here? Sid is on the loose again.” said the voice of one of the bar staff she employed.
As Sofía made her way across the car park back to her chore of stock-taking, a couple rushed out through the bar doors looking stressed and ashen faced.
Sofía smirked and muttered, “We must sort Sid out,” 
Entering the bar, she was stopped by a man whose skin was wrinkled like old leather. As he couldn’t speak any Spanish, he addressed her in broken English, waving his arms around in an agitated manner as he did so.
 “Please, Miss Sofía, I apologise, but the littley bastard has gone again and upset some of your peoples. I try to get him, but he hates me and will not do as he is told. I will find the littley bastard!” 
“Calm down, it’s not the first time” she replied to the guilty-looking Arabic man who was now staring into his wicker basket for Sid.
Sid, who was nicknamed jokingly by an English visitor, was a black cobra who most of the time would respond well to the wrinkled man’s musical charming. 
However, he would sometimes try and bite him or escape and slither off somewhere in the bar.
He was well known by the locals, who would sit and drink regardless of his striking but menacing presence. Most people ignored him as he was generally tame, even friendly. 
 Unfortunately, the one person he did have it in for and was therefore on the receiving end of attempted attacks, was his owner. His favourite trick was to escape from his basket, then slither across the bar to a corner which he seemed to see as his own, and there he would remain curled up and impervious to any attempts by his owner to put him back in the basket. 
Of course, some visitors were unaware of this, and their visit to the famous bar in the mountains was sometimes cut short due to shock. 



This usually occurred two or three times in the summer season. Sofía was not bothered by Sid but realised that it wasn’t good for the bar’s image and could lose her customers.
“Hey Sid, come on” she called across the bar. The sun-baked older man, who was known as Jabier, had grown up farming and herding goats but then learned his charming skills and spent a lot of time in a small open area of the medina at Tangier in Morocco. 
He decided to hop across into Gibraltar and up into Spain with his black slithery sidekick after removing his venom glands so he wouldn’t be dangerous.
“Come here, you littley bastard!” he said, finally getting Sid out of the corner of the bar and into the basket.  
“Sorry Miss Sofía, most sorry.” He didn’t like Sid misbehaving as he was aware that the bar was often a place for him to make a few Euros from visiting tourists.
Sofía allowed him to use a small area outside against the bar wall. Sid was supposed to be kept in his basket when Jabier came in for his daily drink, but it was always when he was having a break that Sid would escape into the bar. 
The locals would sit and watch him slither to his corner, whilst many tourists thought it too risky and left.
Sofía suspected that the bar was becoming more famous for Sid’s antics than the beautiful view, the service, and food. She felt that Jabier and his sidekick’s days might be numbered. 
“You have to keep control of him inside the bar, or you may have to find somewhere else” she pointed out to him.
 “Yes, I understand” he replied, drinking his bottle of Mahou beer and apologising again.
The truth was that if nobody ever came to the bar again, it wouldn’t make a difference to Sofía. Her father Pablo, or ‘Boss’ as he was known to his men, was the local organised crime leader. He thought the world of his little girl despite her now reaching the age of twenty-eight, and he made sure she had lots of money. She was typically Spanish looking and unquestionably very pretty. She had a perfect figure, her long dark hair with large curls falling over one side of her face giving her a sultry look that attracted many to the bar. 
Her sexual appetite often meant short relationships with both men and women, and many young men were too afraid to ask her on a date. This was something that Sofía had learned at school when her friends had told her that boys were too afraid to ask her out because of her natural beauty and the fear of upsetting her father. This was a sad point in an otherwise happy life, and she yearned for a stable relationship with the right person.



Chapter 5

“Left, left, left right left” the sergeant barked out across the parade ground. He was a small man with a dynamite voice which exploded whenever he opened his mouth. Some of the young men who had just joined the British army were shaking when he came within inches of their faces and just stared at them. He would then step away and hurl some abuse at the way they looked or anything else he could think of.
This was all show, although the raw recruits didn’t know it at the time. It was a way of toughening up the men for all the horrors they could encounter on the battlefield of modern warfare.
“Okay you lot, you are the worst class I have ever had the displeasure of trying to teach how to march,” he bellowed, as he did with every class that came through his parade ground. 
“You make me sick. You are a disgrace to this army.”  
Several weeks later, they would march past on parade looking elite, as though they had done it all their lives.
Part of the training enabled the sergeant to identify a recruit’s skills, and it soon became obvious that Derek had a natural talent with a rifle. He had passed the basic shooting course with ease, hitting the target very near the bull’s eye every shot. This didn’t go un-noticed so he was permitted to practise with an assortment of rifles and pistols in any of the little spare time he was given. 
He found himself taking a liking to the self-loading rifle or SLR, which was once the standard rifle for the British armed forces. He fired a submachine gun, and with a small-bore rifle they were given the challenge to shoot Polo mints off a small black target from a set distance. Most of the hopeful soldiers were lucky to get one out of the five on the board. Derek managed four with ease.
On completion of basic training, he was sent to sniper school due to his incredible abilities. There he would shoot various rifles, including the one with which he had decimated the burger restaurant window.  
It was a cold wintery day in mid-January, and Derek and the other sniper trainees had spent a few uncomfortable hours in the back of an ice-cold Hercules aircraft. He wondered if the Royal Air Force pilot had turned the heating off for a laugh as they were Army lads. Eventually, they landed in Norway, where he found out that everyone was frozen on the flight up there. 
It was almost as though they were being readied for the dry but much colder weather in the mountains, where they would be expected to carry out several tasks and learn to deal with shooting in an almost totally white environment. This part of the training was where most of the hopeful recruits failed. They did some arctic warfare exercises and plenty of practice shooting on the range, which they shared with the Royal Marines who were often in Norway. 



The class was at the range and had been for a couple of hours. The soldiers were on their free firing period where, under direction, they could shoot and then take a break when they needed at a nearby hut, which supplied hot drinks and basic army food to counteract the cold and aid them in their shooting.
Derek had got up from his prone position, stiff and cold after hitting the target successfully time after time. His thoughts were on getting a hot sugary cup of tea. As he stood upright at the far end of the range, his foot slid on an ice-covered stone, and he was thrown off balance.  
After flailing around with his arms and rifle, making a flapping motion like someone dancing the 1920’s Charleston, he managed to hold his balance and stay upright. He didn’t want the embarrassment of falling flat on his face, especially after producing so many perfect shots, and the piss-taking that would have ensued had he fallen would have been never-ending. However, everyone else had stopped shooting, and he could see out of the corner of his eye the officer in charge falling to the floor holding his leg. 
He suddenly realised with mounting horror that he had accidentally fired a shot that had pierced the Captain’s leg, just missing the main artery.
The officer concerned wanted to make sure that Derek was made an example of, so he was discharged from the army. His clumsiness and lack of range safety had cost him dearly.
This was a depressing period for Derek as the one thing he wanted and was good at had now been taken away, all because of an icy stone.



Chapter 6

Portsmouth’s lights were now small gently moving dots on the black horizon, which swayed as the ship gently rocked from bow to stern. Derek decided to get himself a cup of tea and a piece of cake if they did such a thing on a French ship. In the café, an attractive French girl served him with some hot water, a teabag with a piece of string attached, a large, slightly misshapen Belgian bun, and a genuine smile which left him a bit flustered and thinking he might be in luck with the foreign ladies when he got to France.
He sat down in a soft fake leather chair and finally relaxed without the thought of police following him. He sipped his tea which, despite him pressing the bag on the side of the cup to get it to a decent colour, was disappointingly weak.  
“Eh lad, thought you were off to France” said a voice. Derek looked up from his sticky bun to see Bill the coach driver sitting in the chair opposite. 
“Oh hi, of course, I’m on the way to France. What are you doing here?” Derek asked, looking puzzled.
“Well,” Bill paused for a moment to sip his coffee. “I’m off to Spain, and so are you matey!” Derek now looked totally confused, so the driver realised that he would have to spell it out for him. 
“Looks like you got on the wrong ferry. This one’s going to Spain, along with me, the coach and all them lot,” he said, pointing to the far end of the café where Derek could make out Thelma enjoying herself in the company of a couple of male passengers.
“What! You are kidding me! But the ship has the French flag painted on it with French Ferries and Pride of Brittany on the side,” exclaimed Derek, as though the driver, who had been on this ferry route for many years, didn’t know where he was going. This produced a laugh from the depth of Bills’ stomach.
“Eh lad, that’s the name of the company, and although it’s a French company, they do go to other places you know, like now to Spain.”
“Oh well, Spain it is then” said Derek, shrugging his shoulders, and they both burst out laughing. 
“Well I have to go and join the rest of them now” said Bill. “The company likes us to be good to paying passengers for the whole trip, even though I’d like to strangle a few of them” said Bill.
“Yes, I can guess who one of them might be” replied Derek, thinking of the irritating Thelma.
“Anyhow lad, as you’re now off to Spain, your seat’s still free if you want to get back on the coach,” Bill offered. 
  “Yes, that would be great” replied Derek as the driver stood up, turned, and gave him the thumbs-up as he walked away. Left with his last bit of bun and his thoughts, he realised he had climbed up the ship’s rope and gone to all that hassle when he needn’t have bothered.
Oh well, it would have to be a lovely Spanish girl he would meet and marry and have lots of children with. Further planning was now required before he reached the sunny coast of Spain. 



After about five minutes of concentrated thought, which didn’t amount to much, a cheap flowery scent heralded the arrival of Thelma, who had latched onto him sitting there on his own at the other side of the café.
“Allo, what you doing sitting here all on your own?” she said, putting her hand on his knee and rubbing it gently.
He thought how unbelievable this woman was. Her husband had just died, and she had let his earthly remains go off in the ambulance, and now here she was caressing his leg as if she was young, free, and single. Derek was too polite to say what he was truly thinking but was instead the courteous gentleman.  
“Oh hi, yes. I am just collecting my thoughts and looking forward to France, no sorry, Spain” he corrected. 
He could now detect a strong smell of alcohol on her breath from the four rum and cokes she had drunk in the last half an hour. It was like a competition of strong alcohol against cheap perfume. Either way, it was not particularly pleasant for her poor victims if she managed to corner them as she had Derek. 
 “If you are not busy tonight, we could find an empty cabin if you know what I mean,” she said, trying to gaze at him romantically, the alcohol making her eyes look like those of a dead fish as she rubbed his leg in longer strokes and nearer to the crutch.
“No thank you, I have a lot to sort out” he replied politely, standing up to walk away. 
 “Ah come on, we’ll have a bit of fun. I’ll catch up with you later” she replied, winking roughly in his direction and trying to grab his hand.
Derek managed to evade her clutches and rushed out of the café to find another part of the ship to hide in. He found solace in a comfy chair in the television room where a Wimbledon final was being played out on the large screen. He realised that this must have been an old recording as the final was, to his limited knowledge of tennis, three or four years before and not in the night as it now was. 
He settled into the soft chair and soon dozed in and out of sleep for an hour and a half. Waking and feeling refreshed from the quite comfortable night chair, he sauntered his way along to the small piano bar where a young pianist played Gershwin’s delightful music. He asked the barman for a small beer and sat listening, realising he had missed music.
 In his youth he was highly active at school and played the trumpet very well, so well that the external teacher wanted him to play in an adult dance band. He had to decline the opportunity because he was responsible for his wayward mother even at his young age. It was that onerous responsibility that had eventually led him to join the army, where he found a temporary escape from his oppressive life.
The pianist led into the famous Rhapsody in Blue, and Derek thought he had not really listened to music properly for many years now. If he had, maybe it would have been a trumpet rather than a rifle that would have led him on a better path than running away from police and a mob hitman.



After reminiscing about life’s lost chances and downing another beer, he decided to get some fresh air and left the bar from the side corridor and out onto the upper deck, where he leaned against the railings next to a large lifeboat that left a great shadow over the deck from the light behind it. 
He wondered if he should have joined the navy and not the army, as he found it very therapeutic standing there looking out into the darkness at small lights from passing vessels far away. The sound of the ship slicing through the water was comforting, and the frothy bow wave mingling with the ship’s lights created a surreal view. 
A dreaded voice suddenly broke his reverie.
“Oi, I saw you come out here” 
Without turning, Derek realised that he had the choice of throwing himself over the side or making a run for it, either of which was preferable to paying any attention to the distant figure of a staggering Thelma who had come out through another door further along the deck.
He took flight and without acknowledging her, rushed back into the ship at a rather faster pace than was necessary. 
He heard a door further along the inner corridor slam shut and a cackling voice echoed down the ship.
“Oi! Come here!” shouted Thelma with her blurred sights set firmly on or near Derek as he moved quickly out of view.
Travelling a bit further on, he found himself entering a large room off the main deck, where a few people sat on a stage drinking and laughing. They were ferry staff letting their hair down over a few drinks after the evening’s stage show of “The Titanic.”
Seeing them, he realised that despite his abrupt entry to get away from a fast-approaching Thelma, they hadn’t noticed him, and he hadn’t noticed the raised step in the floor that went along the back of the theatre. 
He almost cleared the step, but the toe of his deck shoe just caught the edge. He seemed to be travelling through the air out of control for a long time. He was almost horizontal with the floor during his flight, and he just caught a glimpse of Thelma rushing past the doorway. This gave him some momentary comfort before he hit the floor quite hard. Over time a considerable amount of drink had been spilled by passengers standing at the back of the theatre to watch the show, resulting in the carpet becoming unpleasantly matted, a fact that was reinforced to Derek as his cheek slammed into the sticky flooring. 
His face slid along the floor and his tongue, as though trying to escape the situation, fell out like a Basset Hound’s, and he involuntarily licked along the carpet, collecting dirt and fluff until he came to a stop. 
The staff became aware of his presence as he shot into the air, spitting and scraping his tongue with his fingers and trying to look calm, waving at the staff at the same time. Without thinking, he backed out of the theatre into the corridor, where he was relieved to find that Thelma was nowhere to be seen. Now in need of another drink, he made his way back to the piano bar and sat down with two Gin and tonics, one for him and one for his tongue.



Chapter 7

There was a dusty feel to the air, and the road was a little busier than normal. Every year, the number of tourists hiring cars or other forms of transport seemed to increase as they spread further and further out from Benidorm or Alicante’s traditional seaside areas. 
Enrique, Pablo’s hitman, was driving an old Renault with the back wheels, although functioning, slightly angled due to mechanical wear. This fault was clearly visible to anyone following behind the car and wasn’t helping Enrique in his attempt to go about his dark business without any unwanted attention.
He realised his luck was out that day when he spotted a Policia Local motorcyclist, Spain’s urban police force, closing in on him rapidly from behind. The officer signalled the car to stop by flashing his lights but thinking quickly Enrique turned sharply into the orange groves off to the side of the main road. 
Here he hoped he would lose his pursuer in the maze of small but driveable tracks and give him respite from the law enforcer who doggedly followed him off the main road.
By the time the officer caught up with him, Enrique had parked between two orange trees, got out, and walked to the back of the car, appearing from a cloud of dust like a ghostly apparition. The policeman stopped and pushed the side stand out with his boot tip. Dismounting, he walked toward the old car with a swagger bordering on arrogance.  
Busy taking his helmet off, he didn’t see the flash of the shining steel blade as it plunged into his neck. He fell to the ground, dying.
Enrique removed the officer’s helmet then dragged the unfortunate man to the side of the old Renault, where he managed to manhandle the body into the driver’s seat. He unlocked the boot and got out the full can of fuel he kept for emergencies and emptied it all over the inside of the vehicle. With a quick flick from his expensive silver cigarette lighter, the car was in flames, which quickly engulfed everything inside the vehicle, including the policeman. 
He acted as always in such a scenario, without any remorse or thought. It certainly wasn’t the first person he had snuffed out, especially in his job as the executioner of his employer’s wishes. He was on his way back from visiting his mother, who lived on the edge of the mountains just outside Alzira, and for once he wasn’t carrying any of the usual “goods from questionable sources,” for his boss Pablo who dealt in almost anything that would return him a good profit.
“Ah Puta, you are better off dead,” Enrique swore to himself, seeing a few small spots of blood from the now-deceased policeman on his expensive leather jacket.
 He rubbed off the spots and put on the policeman’s helmet, which was a reasonable fit although slightly loose. Mounting the large Honda, he rode off toward the main highway as quickly as possible.  
Despite his usual professionalism, Enrique was angry with himself for not thinking this through before acting, perhaps because he was on a sort of day off from crime. 
He was now on a police motorcycle, dressed in his own clothes, and he had left a car burning, which would soon attract some attention.



 However, that didn’t bother him too much as the car was stolen, as were most vehicles that Pablo acquired, and he didn’t have that far to travel. 
Enrique pulled out onto the main road, opened the bike’s throttle, and was soon overtaking most of the other vehicles.
He enjoyed riding any motorcycle, and he liked the feel of the police bike as it was smooth. He felt the exhilarating power as he passed a coach, briefly catching view of a woman giving him a welcoming look as she seemed to pout her red lipstick covered lips at him.  
“Look at him on that bike. Ain’t he going quickly!” said Thelma to anyone listening as the tour coach weaved its way slowly, and agonisingly for all those trapped inside with Thelma, toward the final destination in Denia. 
Derek was woken from a lengthy sleep on this long coach trip, which he was now regretting. Although he had successfully managed to deal with the several sexual passes that Thelma had tried over the many miles they had now travelled since the ferry, he wanted to get as far away from her as possible. He had thought of asking Bill to let him off early and try to get a lift, but the coach seemed the easier option despite the ever-present Thelma. 
Derek had watched the motorcycle glide smoothly past the coach with ease, and he noted how odd it seemed that a police bike was being ridden by someone who didn’t wear the correct leather clothing you would expect. He thought it must be a bike being tested by one of the mechanics as he was wearing a helmet which had Policia written on the back.
About ten minutes after passing the coach Enrique was pulling into the yard area of a house tucked away out of sight, where several of Pablo’s other men hung out.
As Enrique stopped and dismounted, taking the helmet off, another of Pablo’s “employees,” who looked like a much older version of Enrique, came out scratching his head.
“You fucking idiot Quique,” which was Enrique’s nickname. "What have you done, bringing a Policia moto here?” said the old man, scowling at the realisation that the boss wouldn’t be happy.
 “Hey, tranquillo. I will get rid of it in the yard around the back,” Enrique replied, pushing the bike toward its final resting place. Later in the day, he would use the mini digger stored in the barn to dig a hole large enough to accommodate the bike.
As Derek got up to make his way down the narrow aisle to the front of the coach, he couldn’t avoid the accidentally-on-purpose hand brushing across his leg as Thelma sprawled over her seat and the empty seat of her poor departed husband. The reserve driver had escaped from his tomb and was now firmly seated behind the wheel, and Bill was busy engrossed in a two-day-old newspaper in the staff seat at the front of the coach.
“Hi Bill, god it’s hot isn’t it?” remarked Derek.
“Welcome to Spain, it gets quite a bit hotter than this when it reaches the peak of summer,” Bill replied. He folded up his newspaper to pocket size and pushed it into his company jacket, which made him look like a trussed Christmas turkey.



Derek sat and talked with him for a while, gaining valuable information for the next part of his adventure. 
He had found out that there was a vehicle sale not too far away on the side of the road they were on. During his many coach trips, Bill had seen various cars displaying their sale boards; there were usually a few small cars, campers, and once even an armoured jeep going for a low price.  
There were also some quite executive cars with high-end Mercedes seemingly everywhere. Derek’s plan was shaping up nicely as he hoped to get himself a car and then make his way to the campsite, to which Bill had also directed him, and get a pitch for as long as he could.
They sat chatting for the last few miles of Derek’s coach journey, and finally Bill leaned forward and told the driver to pull over, pointing at a small dusty lay-by near the large and professional looking car sales site.
“Well, there you go my friend, hope you get where you’re going,” said the driver shaking hands with Derek as he made his way down the steps and off the coach.
“Yes, I hope so too, thanks for the ride Bill. You take care mate,” replied Derek.
With a swirl of hot wind, the door closed, and the coach disappeared into the now substantial traffic towards Benidorm.
Derek quickly scanned the forecourt for an estate car he could use and spotted an older looking patchy red camper van. The price on the front in the window of the camper said 1500 Euros. It looked rough inside, and this was a bit off-putting, but Derek realised that as it was a camper, he could perhaps fix it up cheaply by doing it himself.
“Hola buenos, esta furgonetta es sin ITV, pero se vendeen barrato,” said an old man, who was dressed smartly in a suit and tie, hobbling towards him.
 Derek realised he had a slight problem. Although he had purchased a Spanish language book on the ferry and studied it quite hard on the journey, he certainly wasn’t going to cut it, and this old chap could have been talking any language on the planet. It wouldn’t have made a blind bit of difference.
“Hello me English, no speak Espanian,” shouted Derek back at him.
With a look of contempt, the old car salesman said, “Ah, you are English! I speaks a little, so no problema, but please, no need to shout. I old but have ears still,” he grinned, thinking that Derek was just another stupid tourist of which he had seen a few over the years.
“You like this eh what you say in Ingleterra, eh van yes van. It is cheap, but it has no ITV yet,” he continued.
“Yes, it is okay but a bit rough mate, what is ITV?” replied Derek, feeling oddly disloyal to his old friend stuck back in the car park with the wheels missing.  
He had to get a vehicle, and this one seemed to fit the bill perfectly even though it looked a bit crappy.
“Yes, ITV, you know is make car good and work,” he replied to a puzzled Derek.
“You know the man test it at centre to make good,” he said as he started the old engine on the first turn of the key. 



The inside, which Derek was now pulling and prodding to see what he needed to do to make it habitable again, left a lot to be desired.
“Ah, like the MOT,” 
Derek replied to the salesman, whose turn it was to look puzzled. 
Derek poked and looked around for a few more minutes.
“I will give you one thousand, mil, and no ITV, sin ITV,” said Derek as he flicked through the pages of his language book to translate.
The man sucked through his teeth just like the coach driver had done, and Derek wondered if this was an age thing, and he would eventually be sucking in through his lips and looking slightly perverse when asked an awkward question.
Without bothering to answer, the salesman miraculously produced a small invoice book and scribbled down some notes and the price of 1000 Euros on it. He held out his other hand flat to Derek.
“Si, mil y sin ITV, sorry one thousand and no test,” replied the old man.
Derek counted out the Euros, which he had got by exchanging his money on the ferry, into the flat outstretched hand.
“Gracias,” Derek said as he drove away feeling like he might be able to get a grasp of this language issue. 
  He had always wanted to learn another language as he thought it might impress the girls. However, he soon found that they picked it up at school a lot quicker than he did as he wasn’t that good at learning things like that. Woodwork or metalwork, yes, and he was good at some other things. Maybe now he was older, he would fare better and become fluent with some effort.
The old camper pulled out onto the road with a splutter, and he wondered if he had bought a pile of junk that was going to stop anytime soon, but the engine got into its stride and pulled the old van with ease. Then Derek was soon confronted with his next issue to deal with. He was on the wrong side of the road. “Well, the wrong side for back home,” he thought, and although it seemed odd to be driving on the right, he found it easy to adjust.  
Nevertheless, he pulled off into a small industrial area, which seemed quiet, and practiced going around the roads and roundabout at the end so he could get used to it even more. He then remembered the importance of not getting stopped by the police or the Guardia Civil, Spain’s military-trained police force.  
Then he realised that without an ITV test on the old van, he could end up being hunted by the Spanish police on top of the English police, the mob, and Thelma, who had said she would look out for him as he left the coach.
Feeling somewhat relieved at how quickly he seemed to pick up driving on the other side of the road, he left the estate and made his way the short distance to establish his new base at the campsite where he could be incognito and have some peace in the sun.
After driving down the main highway and then off onto a smaller dirt road, he noticed signs for the campsite he was looking for and finally arrived at his destination.
 


The rainy grey of northern England seemed like another life, almost surreal. He parked the camper slightly out of view at the side of the booking office, got out, and stretched all four limbs as much as he could to shake off the journey.
Upon entering the office, he laid eyes on a pretty young woman standing patiently behind the reception desk. Her breasts were almost falling out of her low-cut t-shirt, and Derek found himself thinking out loud, “Cor! I wouldn’t mind a play with those!” 
“I’m sorry, they’re not available,” she giggled.
“Oh god! I’m so sorry, but it just came out,” he replied with a reddening face.
“It’s okay; I get it a lot. They do tend to draw attention,” she smiled, as Derek couldn’t help but look at her smooth cleavage.
She discussed charges and campsite rules with him and was quite taken by his looks. Despite his shortcomings and relatively skinny frame, he did have a smile that seemed to attract girls, but it rarely seemed to get any further than a quick flirt over a counter and perhaps a lucky kiss at Christmas.
 Having stocked up on supplies from the camp shop, he sat there revelling in his new life, looking out over the Mediterranean Sea as it lapped against the edge of the site not far from where he sat. The place was basic with sand roads between large palm trees where camper vans and tents were lined up on the grassy pitches.
“This is brilliant,” thought Derek. He wondered how they were doing at the burger restaurant and if they had repaired the window, hoping that by now he had finally escaped the wrath of the gang boss and his hitman. 
This was what life was all about. He thought he might stay here for a while as the pitch price was good, and he had enough money for several months if need be. 
In his plan, he had worked out that he would have to find work off the books to stay longer in Spain, or perhaps he could get to live there properly with the correct papers. That was something worth looking into and far better than ending up back home stepping over his drunken mother, but for now he would have a good sleep and then go into the local DIY store to buy some materials and tools to do up the old van. 
He also hoped to get a sleeping bag, some pillows, and anything that would be a big help in turning the old camper into his home.
The girl at reception had told him where to go to get things he may need. 
They had chatted for a while, and she explained how she had come to be living in Spain with her parents for the past five years, having moved from Kent. She gave him directions to his pitch and a flirty smile as he left the office.
He sat in the open side door of the camper, gently smoking a cigarette and sipping from a small bottle of Amstel beer with his back against the front passenger seat and one leg dangling out onto the warm sandy grass.
“Hey mate,” said a man appearing from behind the camper van with his hand outstretched to Derek, who had just dozed off in the van’s sliding doorway.
“I’m Ken,” said the man with a London and Jamaican mixed accent.
“Oh hi, sorry I’m a bit groggy, I’m Derek,” Derek replied as he shook hands with the stranger.
“Saw you pull in here earlier and guessed you were English,” said Ken.



“That obvious is it even in a Spanish van?” laughed Derek
“Yeh, it’s the shorts and socks, a bit of a giveaway.” 
Derek explained his trip on the ferry and how the only trousers in his size at the ship’s boutique were the blatantly obvious tourist shorts. Ken laughed and then invited Derek over to his camper van later that evening.
 “Yes, love to. I’ll bring a few bottles of beer, but I have to go into town to get some hardware to fix this old van up tomorrow,” Derek replied, motioning to the inside of the van, which needed the most work.
“Ken, can you go to the shop please for bread?” a voice could be heard shouting in the distance.
“Duty calls, we are just over there, you can see my wife waving. We will have food at about six but come over when you are ready,” Ken said, pointing to the rather plush camper van on his pitch as he walked away.


 
Chapter 8

Derek returned to the campsite a few hours later without the desired purchases as he couldn’t find the store. He had been driving around in circles, eventually stopping at a fuel station to replace the wasted diesel. He needed a break, and his mouth was dry from the punishing heat, so he made his way over to Ken’s camper, where Ken and his wife warmly welcomed him. They gave him the full hospitality, and he shared beers and some cooked-down chicken, a Jamaican dish that Ken’s wife had learned to cook from her grandmother who spent her life in Morant Bay, Jamaica.
Ken and his guest soon realised they were brothers in arms as Derek had been in the army, and Ken had been in the navy until he was thrown out.
“What happened?” asked a very curious Derek thinking about his short time in the army.
“Well, it was stupid really; I was on leave and had been out with my mates, you know smoking, and we crashed out around one of their houses. I decided I’d had enough and didn’t want to go back to the ship,” explained Ken
“Bloody hell! Bet you copped out,” stated Derek.
“I managed to go a week looking over my shoulder and worrying about every cop I saw, I felt like that Ronnie Biggs bloke on the run, and in the end, I gave up caring and went out more,” he said
“So, how did you get caught then?” Derek enquired
“As I said, bloody stupid really, we had all been smoking, and I was in my car full of mates with Steel Pulse banging out from the speakers, it was an old Mark three Cortina, and the car was full of smoke. I opened the window as I couldn’t see at all, and I smacked the fucking car into a lamppost,” he explained, laughing out loud.
“So, you were pulled by the police and found to be on the run from the navy?” Derek asked. Ken was nodding his head, laughing, and with the help of an increasing number of beers, Derek was soon laughing along with him.
After a raucous and enjoyable evening under the trees in the warm wind, Derek thanked his hosts and made his way back to his somewhat less palatial camper van, wondering whether he would make it without the traditional kebab. 
The camper was just within view, so he headed in that direction to his bed and slept deeply until the beautiful sunlight woke him.
The next day, despite a slight headache not representative of the many empty bottles in Ken’s dustbin outside his camper, Derek was once again on a mission to find the store called Brico Depot. 
 Finally, after a bit more circling, he took what he thought was yet another wrong turn and saw the huge red, black, and white sign telling him he had arrived.  
He pulled into the car park with some relief and stared at the large entrance at the front of this huge DIY store. He thought it would do the trick and that he would be able to get everything he needed from this one place and wouldn’t have to drive anywhere else.



 Although his driving in only a few days was very much passable for a Spaniard, he was still struggling with directions and thought it would be a good idea to look for a map book in the store.
He checked he had his money with him and the cheap mobile phone he had bought at the camp shop. He had got Jenny, the girl at the reception, to get some minutes put on it. She showed him how to put more credit on in the future, brushing her ample breasts almost teasingly against him whilst explaining the phone’s workings.
He entered the store like a child in a sweet shop; it was like a massive undercover city with everything you could wish for, do-it-yourself heaven. 
There were tools everywhere you looked, and you could build a complete house from all the stock which stretched for as far as you could see down the aisles into the distance.
Derek was in no rush, so he ambled down each section, taking a good look at everything for sale at what, after fumbling with his fingers a few times to count and convert the prices from Euros to Pounds, he thought was a good price. He didn’t need to do this as he had changed most of his money into euros but converting gave him an idea of the value compared to the prices back home.  
He often frequented the local DIY superstore in Sheffield as he would be repairing things his mother had broken in one of her binge states. However, he had never got around to fixing his own bed leg and relied instead on the sturdy books he had gotten free from an internet book club.
“Ah, what the hell,” he thought. “That doesn’t matter now,” and he continued to look at everything in the store in a leisurely way.
Having spent about thirty minutes browsing and barely covering two aisles, he noticed a café at the far end and, deciding to get a coffee, turned to walk towards it. 
As he moved along the aisle, his shins suddenly hit something hard. The next thing he saw was the grey and white tiled floor approaching him fast as he flew forward in a star shape, making stage diving look amateur. Lying sprawled on the floor, he could see a pair of boots quite near, moving as though they had a mind of their own. 
He then started to get up, regaining his composure, and his eyeline passed the expensive-looking ankle boots with a small tassel on the side. Finally standing upright, he was looking at the stunning woman attached to the boots, who was standing in front of him and reeling off a load of Spanish at a speed he didn’t stand a chance of understanding.
 He didn’t even think about translating as he was for some reason unable to move, he felt fixed to the ground, his breathing became laboured, and he felt a strange sensation.
The woman had now stopped speaking and was staring back at him. He looked down at his legs and saw the metal bars which had been left sticking out into the aisle but no blood or anything wrong with his legs. He looked back at the woman and immediately fell into a trance.
After a short while, Derek managed to get his brain signals to his mouth and speak a basic sentence he had learned.
“Perdona, no hablo Española, soy Ingles.” Unsure whether he had made sense, and like many English people abroad, he repeated it in his own language louder than normal.



“Sorry, I don’t speak Spanish. I am from England.”
“Oh, I am sorry, very sorry,” she replied.
“Ah, you speak English?” 
“Yes, we all learned to speak at school. Look, sorry I left the bar out of the shelf, which made you have the accident,” she answered. “I was going to get coffee. Can I buy you one so you can steady yourself a bit better?” she smiled at him.
With his legs like jelly for reasons his brain hadn’t yet told him, he answered. 
“That would be lovely; I was going there anyway when I fell over. My name is Derek, Del for short,” he said awkwardly, holding out his hand.
Their fingers touched, and they both felt a warm tingle.
“Del …. I like that name,” and she again gave a melting smile.
“My name is Sofía. It is nice to meet you even though probably you have a bad leg now.” 
They both laughed, and he helped her by pushing her full trolley of materials to the café area where they stopped for a quick coffee, which turned out to last one and a half hours.
Derek couldn’t believe such a woman would even give him the time of day, but he felt so comfortable around her, and she was quite tactile with him. Sofía also couldn’t explain why she was suddenly so at ease with Del and just wanted to sit talking to him and drink the place dry of coffee.  
After what seemed like only ten minutes to them both, he had told her where he was staying, amongst other things. He paid for the coffee as they left the store, passing through the checkout area and into the car park where he showed her his camper van.
 He had to resist the urge to ride on the trolley with his arms outspread as it went across the car park, as he had done since he was a child. Instead, he maturely pushed the trolley to her car and was amazed at the sleek Mercedes sports into which she managed to fit everything to his amazement. 
“Thank you so much, Del, I would like to see your campsite if you don’t mind me visiting you,” she said.
Derek looked around the car park as if this must be some joke television show. He couldn’t believe she was asking to come and see him again. 
“Yes, that would be great! Perhaps we could go out and get something to eat. The site only has a coffee shop,” he replied
“That sounds like an excellent idea. I will come to you tomorrow evening at seven,” she replied with anticipation.
After giving her the best directions that he could and the name of the site, Derek watched as Sofía drove away with her long dark hair flowing in the wind and waving her delicate hand to him. Waving back, he was again feeling like he was living someone else’s life, but deep down, he knew this was more than just shock from a pretty girl asking him on a date. 
When they met in the store, the connection between them was much more, and Derek would come to understand this quite soon.


 
Chapter 9

The next morning, after an uncomfortable night without the pillows he had failed to get, Derek felt surprisingly happy. He had been so enamoured with Sofía at Brico Depot the day before; all he had purchased was a packet of screws and most of the coffee in the café, so he quickly returned to the store, only taking one wrong turn this time, to finally get his materials.  
He hoped she would be there again but realised this was just wishful thinking. 
He raced around the store with the new purpose of getting his van presentable for her visit that night. Finally filling the trolley, which had a stuck wheel, he purchased everything he needed from his two previous failed attempts, including an understandable local road map and the sorely needed bedding.
Back at the site, the sun was again baking the ground and everything within its fiery reach. Derek loved it and felt that he had done the right thing getting out of Britain. He then decided to make a call to one of his few friends back in England.
Luckily, one thing he was very good at was remembering phone numbers of which he had no written record, and it took him only a moment to punch in the numbers that would connect him to the only person who could be described as his best friend. 
“Dave? ‘allo, it’s me,” shouted Derek down his phone as though he was trying to throw his voice for over fourteen hundred miles back to Britain. “What do you mean who the fuck's me? It’s me Del. Del, you twat. My god are you deaf?” he shouted, desperately trying to get his friend to hear him.
After the difficult start, their conversation was soon established, and Derek explained that he was in Spain, that he had decided to get away from it all and had just packed up and left. 
He decided it was not a good idea to tell Dave the truth about the failed assassination attempt on the councillor, as only Derek, the man in the pub, and his boss knew about it.
“Well, mate, I’m glad you’re okay. We wondered why you weren’t down the drinking hole the other night. We thought you might have got a bird back home hidden away.” Dave smirked.
“No such luck” Derek caught himself automatically saying as he realised his luck was possibly about to change, or so he hoped.
“John and Stacey have dumped each other again,” stated Dave
“Oh, again! What is it this time, those pair?” replied Derek.
Dave gave a short laugh before explaining their argument.
 “John got pissed off with her because she wanted a dildo from a website, and he wouldn’t buy it for her, so they argued and fell out, twats.”
“Why didn’t he just buy her the rubber cock? He’s got enough money.” asked Derek
“The thing is, she said she thought it looked nice. The problem was, it was a pre-loved website, so John understandably was a bit put off at the thought of her using a second hand one.” Dave explained and then continued.



“You enjoy yourself Del. Same old shit here, mate. I wouldn’t come back if I were you. Some bloke was supposed to have gone a bit berserk in that burger place and smashed the window in coz he didn’t get a free toy in the kid’s meal, bloody crazy! Yeah, you’re better off over there.”
At that point, the line went dead. Derek slapped the phone against his hand before realising he had run out of credit quicker than expected, due to such a long-distance call. He sat in the side doorway of the van again, thinking how crap things were back home.
He wasn’t even getting any credit for his botched shooting of the window either. Some bloke with a kid's meal! He assumed it would be better business for them to blame some disgruntled customer rather than admit that somebody had shot it through with a bullet from a long-distance rifle.
Sofía’s face and sheer beauty came into his mind, and all was washed away as he slipped back into happy land again, with the sound of a light breeze along the shoreline.
“Hiya, I had a spare five minutes, so I thought I’d come around and see how you are getting on,” said Jenny from reception, who clearly had sights on Derek.
“Oh hi” he replied somewhat nervously as he threw his phone into the back of the van. 
She sat next to him in the open sliding doorway. 
“You don’t have to stay here all on your own you know. I get the use of one of the caravans if you want to come back for some company sometime,” she said, smiling and leaning towards him, deliberately allowing him to see deep into her plunging cleavage.
Derek couldn’t help but look, and as he gazed at the smooth skin, he thought of sliding down between her breasts like falling over a waterfall. His brain brought him back to earth as he again thought of Sofía and couldn’t believe how things worked; these women were like buses. You wait forever for one; then two turn up at the same time.
As much as he would love to ride both buses, he was strongly drawn to Sofía, which gave him the strength to politely put this young woman on the side-lines.
“That’s a nice thought; perhaps I might pop around some time” he replied casually.
“Okay, and if you want anything else, you know where I am” she replied, appearing not to have taken offence. 
“Well, I suppose I’d better get back to the office” she said, rubbing his leg as she got up and wiggling her bottom as she walked away, firmly signalling to Derek what was on offer. The sun was over-head, and he had made good progress inside the old van. It now looked quite presentable and a little bit laddish. He thought it was a fine effort with all the cupboards, the fold-out bed system, and cooking facilities now fully operational. It still looked a little scruffy on the outside with its faded stick-on flowers, but a clean might help. 
He considered washing it then thought he had done enough for today, so he decided to drive down to the next beach along the coast for a late lunch at the waterfront restaurant. Arriving at a nearly empty car park, which meant fewer people, he put the old van in the sandy parking area amongst the dunes. Making his way over the wooden deck treads laid in a long path to the restaurant, he thought for some strange reason about Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz. 



He stepped off the wooden slats and onto a patio area, which went all around the basic but peaceful eating establishment at the edge of the beautiful sandy beach. 
Derek sat down as a slight breeze blew the large square umbrella above his table, and he felt comfortably numb without even having had a drink. This was some place, and he wondered why he hadn’t come to Spain before. 
He ordered lamb chops and patatas bravas, which he thought were basically like the roast potatoes he had back home in the carvery at the pub, and a small beer. He sat there with a full stomach, and after two more small bottles of beer, Sofía again came into his thoughts. Life couldn’t get any better than this! Even if nothing came of it, and his relationship score stayed at its usual low level, then the pleasant thoughts and the relaxing environment were a bonus.
Suddenly he was jolted back to life as his ears, like the massive dishes that listened into space for the slightest sound of possible alien life, picked up a small sound. The noise caused him to turn his head and, at what was a safe distance, he could see the creature that was Thelma laughing drunkenly with a couple of young men, one on each arm.
“The woman is bloody unreal! How the hell did she end up here?” he said to himself.
He remembered that the coach’s destination was not that far away, and the beach was within the range of the errant Thelma, who would probably invade the whole of Spain far quicker than any alien species could.
He left the table, paid the waiter, and made a quick exit, keeping one eye on Thelma who was still some distance away and fully occupied with the two young men.
Driving back to the campsite, he was starting to feel quite proud of his foreign road skills and he now enjoyed it more than driving back home. He pulled the old camper up onto his pitch, opened the side door, and slumped lazily into the footwell staring at the horizon, relaxing as though he was in an ethereal world.
However, he was aware that he was starting to feel slightly fidgety and thought about looking for a firing range to do some shooting. He knew that his love for that would never be out of his system, and he longed to be able to let off a few rounds as practice.
The day was drawing to a close and Derek checked his watch regularly, wanting to be ready for his visitor. He ambled his way to the communal block across the campsite with his towel and wash bag. After queuing to get into one of the two cubicles in the overgrown shed that passed as a shower, he washed away the day’s sweat then shaved using the small mirror on the wall. 
It was five to seven as the Mercedes sports car pulled up and the door opened to let a pair of long legs out onto the warm sand.
Sofía shut the door and took her shoes off as she walked over to him, and his heart was thumping. Moving as though she were gliding along the ground, there was a mesmerising air about her. He imagined the famed beauty Queen Cleopatra would have looked just like Sofía did at that moment.
“Hi there Del, do you have room for a stranger?” she asked as she sat on the same spot in the van doorway that the receptionist had occupied earlier.



“Hi Sofía,” was all he could think of saying to her, whilst his brain was trying to slap itself into action, telling him he had to stop this open-mouthed schoolboy look if he was to stand any chance of keeping up with her.
He needn’t have worried because despite Sofía’s looks and demeanour, she was very much into Derek and had been thinking about him as much as he had about her. So much so that earlier, in the bar, she almost stood on Sid while deep in thought.
“I’m so glad you made it” he finally said to her.
“Me too, shall we go for dinner? I know a great place not far from here.” She smiled back at him.
Decision made, they left the campsite in her car with the top down and Sofía’s hair flowing behind her. Derek looked at her and realised that even if she had short hair, she would still be beautiful, at which point he pinched his own leg in disbelief. 
The restaurant was about thirty minutes away from the campsite, near the mountains and Sofía’s bar.
After parking and making their way to the front entrance, they were ushered to a table set in its own alcove away from other diners. The waiter clearly knew her and couldn’t do enough to keep her happy. Looking at the menu, each caught the other peeping over the top at one another like children as they giggled, feeling so comfortable in each other’s presence.
Sofía spoke first. “Do you understand the menu?” she asked, seeing a slightly puzzled look on his face as he read. 
  He didn’t want to be pulling out his translation book all the time, and besides, he now had the best translator in the world sitting opposite, looking at him for an answer.
He wanted to lean over the table and kiss her but restrained himself, not wanting to take things too fast, so he calmly said “No, I’m afraid I haven’t got that good with my Spanish yet.”
“No problem, I’ll help you,” she smiled back at him and then continued to translate some of the dishes on offer in the very opulent establishment.
“Well, from the beginning, we have Espencat Asado a la Brasa y Salazón, which is, eh, how you say in English? Roasting pepper and eggplant, and this is for two people.”
 She explained some more of the menu, and they eventually settled on the roasted peppers to share for the first course. She had Arroz Meloso de Bogavante, rice with lobster. He eventually gambled on Arroz Meloso de Setas y Codito de Pato Confitado, rice with mushroom, and duck leg.  
This was liberally washed down with a bottle of Pasión de Bobal, Sofía’s favourite everyday wine as she called it.
Although there were only small quantities of this particular wine in this part of Spain, she had a regular supply because it was also popular in her bar.
They ate slowly, talking, learning about each other, and instantly connecting spiritually as if they were always meant to meet. Derek noticed how delicately she ate, after each few forkfuls of food lightly dabbing the side of her mouth with the napkin, pouting her lips at the same time without realising it.  
Everything she now did stirred Derek deeply, and he was beginning to wonder even after such a short time if this was the woman fate had kept him waiting for.



The wine made him feel warm and fuzzy, but not so that he couldn’t keep the conversation going. This inevitably moved onto Derek’s past. He found it refreshing to talk with her and he even mentioned how he had been paid to shoot someone, and although he left out the fact that he hadn’t been successful, he wondered if he should have told her. 
She looked a little confused rather than surprised or worried, as though she hadn’t heard him correctly.
Sofía had lived in the shadow of her father’s shady dealings and had been dragged into the lifestyle on a couple of occasions. Although she loved her father, she wished they had a different kind of business, but family is family, and she stuck by him. Deep down, despite his confession, Derek didn’t seem like a criminal, and she felt he was a good man struggling to survive.
 She hoped to see more of him and realising he would not be able to live in Spain forever, and against her better judgement, she made a suggestion that would help him stay a little longer, if not for good.


 
Chapter 10

The rain continued to pour down as Jason sat there, trying to watch a house on the other side of the road from where he was parked. It wasn’t easy to see with the constant rivulets of rain running down his car’s windscreen.
After about an hour, he had thought of pulling away but remembered his boss' anger at losing money to a no-good arse-wipe, as he called Derek. The word had been put around to look out for him, but his jump to Spain made finding him virtually impossible. Jason had a strange liking for Derek when they met in the pub; he didn’t seem phased by the hitman’s general demeanour, which scared most people off.  
Jason respected that but then thought that perhaps Derek was just an idiot who couldn’t sense danger when it was staring him in the face. Whatever his thoughts were on the odd-looking skinny man, he was loyal to his boss, and Derek was the target, so he wouldn’t question or deviate from his task when and if they ever caught up with him.
Jason had already been back to the pub where he had originally met Derek to make the deal to release the councillor from his earthly bonds. He had sat patiently sipping his lemon and lime, listening to the chat around him, hoping to pick up a nugget of conversation relating to Derek. It was his lucky day as he heard the young man, whose friends were calling him Dave, telling all of them, who were quite drunk, that he had spoken to Derek. 
The conversation ended abruptly as Dave fell off the chair, and the laughter and mockery from the others took their minds off the subject of the missing Derek. That was all Jason needed, and he now knew who to get more information from by fair means or foul.
About an hour later, Dave finally staggered out of the pub and headed towards home. Pulling his sleek metallic green Ford Focus around into the next road, Jason drove just behind Dave, who was totally unaware that he was being followed home. 
Jason realised that he was unlikely to get anything sensible out of the inebriated man, so having established Dave’s address, Jason drove quietly away.
The following morning Jason sat staring at the grey pebble-dashed house built in the 1950’s in a terraced row. It seemed like a peaceful area, despite the graffiti on the wall at the end of the road. Brightly painted in a Banksy style was a statement with which Jason was in total agreement.
“The trouble with common sense is that it is not that common.”
Suddenly the front door opened, and out stepped Dave dressed in scruffy jeans, Doc Marten boots, and wearing an odd, almost pinkish coloured rain jacket with a hood. He walked quite briskly, trying to avoid the rain.
Jason pulled the car out of its parking space and followed him. Seeing an opportunity, Jason pulled quickly into the kerbside ahead as his target walked past an open piece of ground. He got out of the car and walked menacingly toward Dave, getting in close.
“Hey mate! It’s quite wet. Do you want a lift?” suggested Jason.



 “No thanks. I haven’t got far to go.” Dave replied with growing suspicion.
As Dave finished his sentence, Jason had his automatic pistol stuck firmly in the side of the pink jacket.
“Let me tell you; I think you do need a ride. Now get into the car.” 
Dave briefly thought that it might be a prank by one of his pub mates until he looked down and saw what he suspected was a real gun pushed against his lower rib cage. He now began to panic and wondered who he had pissed off. He was pushed into the car’s passenger side under his captor’s watchful eye, then Jason slipped back behind the wheel. From there, he successfully drove the automatic car whilst holding the gun toward his passenger at the same time.
“Where the fuck are you taking me to? I have no money, and if it’s to do with Jenna the other night, I didn’t mean to offend her. I just got my hand caught in her bra, that’s all” Dave protested.
Almost laughing, which was unusual for Jason, he managed to keep a straight face and replied.
“Shut up! I don’t want to hear another word from your mouth, or my finger might get a bit tired and fall on this trigger. I’m taking you to see my boss. He wants a little chat with you.”
After about fifteen minutes, the Ford pulled up outside a large black metal door, and Jason pressed the car horn, looking around him as he did so. Within seconds it slowly slid open like a hangar door. The car was driven in and pulled up to a stop at an area used for packaging in a large warehouse.
“Get out and walk over to that office there.” Jason signalled with his gun.  
“Okay, I don’t want no trouble mate” Dave said as he was being pushed through a doorway into a rather plush office with Axminster carpet, leather furniture, and a small bar. 
A small man sat in a huge chair with his legs barely reaching the floor, although nobody could see this because his lower half was hidden behind an antique table strewn with papers and a bottle of Glenlivet whiskey with a chipped glass next to it.
“Well, who do we have here then?” said Jason’s boss Harry in an almost demonic voice as he poured himself a large neat whisky.
“Boss, this is Dave who I believe is a friend of our ex-employee Derek, and I thought you might want a chat with him,” replied Jason.
“Ah, you are Dave. Well, sit down, we aren’t going to hurt you if you help us,” the boss said threateningly to the now very panicky Dave.
“I don’t know how I can help you with Derek. He ain’t here, he’s disappeared,” Dave said, assuming that was why they had mentioned Derek.
After the threatening talk from Jason and Harry, Dave realised that, out of sheer fright, he had dropped his old buddy in the proverbial shit. 
He mentioned that he had spoken with him but only knew he had picked up a coach to Spain and was living on a campsite near Benidorm or Denia. He didn’t know which.



To his great relief, he was told to “piss off” by the boss along with clear instructions that if he spoke with Derek again, he was to say hello from both of them and hoped they would meet soon. Dave realised these guys weren’t mucking around, although he was surprised he didn’t get a kicking as he had seen in all the films. He was now feeling guilty as the insignificant bits he knew and had told them about Derek were all the clues they needed as they now set about searching further afield.
Dave desperately wanted to call Derek to let him know what had happened and determine why they were after him but realised that he hadn’t kept the new phone number after his call from Spain. There was no way he could let him know unless Derek called him again.


 
Chapter 11

The mountains were lit in bright hot sunlight, and Derek could smell the pine trees as he peered over the side of Sofía’s car to look at the drop from the passenger seat. It was a long way down, and he wondered what it would be like to do a bungee jump or parachute from there. He had often thought he might like to try it, and he was fearless of heights if he was strapped into something like a harness or the seat of an aeroplane. However, the thought of being in the open air, falling, with no way of stopping scared the hell out of him.
“I have something to tell you which may be of help” Sofía said.
“Ah, it must be good by the smile on your face” he replied.
“Well, we will talk when I am not driving” she said, thinking about how things may work out with the proposition she had in mind.
The sleek car wound its way back down to the big highway that ran up to Valencia one way and to Southern Spain near Gibraltar in the other. They took a short drive up to the next turning onto a small road that led back into the mountains. This was the quickest way to get to Sofía’s bar, although there was a route across the mountains which was much slower.
Just as they were pulling off onto the slip road, a coach thundered past. Derek took a second look and recognised the markings along the side. His eyes ventured to the lower cabin, which had a small glass window in it, behind which and looking out of was a distraught driver who was supposed to be on his rest period in Alicante. Derek realised it was his coach and immediately guessed the driver was again stuck in the lower cabin and on his way back to Britain.
“Why are you smiling?” Sofía asked.
“Oh, nothing. I just thought of something funny” he replied, giving a final glance as the coach disappeared. He couldn’t help but wonder if they had managed to round up Thelma, or whether she was on the loose who knows where.
“I like your smile” Sofía commented, making Derek a little red-faced and happy at the same time.
The car drove on as though it knew its own way through the mountains, snaking up and down like the roads used in many an action film. Sofía approached her small parking area and smoothly came to a stop against the side of the bar. Taking a big breath of air and stretching his arms, Derek got out first.
“My god Sofía, this is beautiful!” he said, walking over to the edge and looking down at the drop as an updraft of scorching mountain air rushed up, like someone throwing a hot towel against his face. 
  The midday sun was baking and close to causing natural fires, which happened in the mountains.
“Be careful Del, we have lost people over the edge” warned Sofía.
“You are joking, really?” he said, seeing Sofía’s expression.
“No, I not joke; they drank too much, so be careful” she answered.



At that point, two people, clearly tourists, came out of the bar and quickly jumped into their car. 
“Sid?” Derek queried as he had heard all about her bar at their dinner the night before.
“Yes, I expect so. I must stop the scared customers though. You are okay with the snake?” she asked.
“No problem, I’m not bothered at all” he replied, opening the wood and glass panel door into her very quaint establishment.
“Littley bastard! Ah, Miss Sofía, he is on the run again” was the welcome from Jabier.
“Okay, find him and get him back in his basket please.”
“Will do Miss,” and off went Jabier swearing everywhere at Sid and hoping that the errant viper would show himself.
Despite the initial air of mayhem, Derek immediately felt at home and loved the bar’s layout. After a few short checks with the staff, Sofía brought a bottle of wine from the cellar, and they both sat down to relax. The barmaid smiled at Derek as she cleaned the tables. 
Her name was Pilar, and she was Sofía’s support and often ran the bar when Sofía was busy doing other things. They trusted each other implicitly and had a deep friendship. Derek couldn’t help eyeing her tight jeans covering a perfect bottom, and though much shorter than Sofía, she had that attractiveness of the girl next door, natural yet still sexy.
“Del, I spoke with my father today, and he may have work for you, though you understand it is not normal work, and you cannot be in the Spanish system, but not to worry you will be looked after.” Sofía spoke quickly as she was slightly stressed, telling him about the tense meeting with her father.  
She didn’t want him to get involved but realistically knew this was a sure way of keeping Derek from leaving Spain, and the realisation hit home again how her feelings were developing for this charming English man.
Initially her father had outright refused any foreigner working for him, but he could see a look in her eye he had never seen before. He buckled to her irresistible charm, which she had learned to use on him from a very young age. 
 Enrique, who was sitting at the other side of Pablo’s office listening to Sofía, was less amenable, although he didn’t voice his thoughts on some nuisance Englishman getting involved in his side of the business. 
The thought crossed his mind about Derek having an accident of some sort, but it remained just that, a thought for now, as he dare not open his mouth and protest to the boss, especially when he was keeping his daughter happy. 
Sofía explained in detail about her family and her father, and although Derek was surprised, he was also happy to stay in Spain and hopefully spend a lot more time with Sofía. It also meant he would get to do some shooting, although not quite how he would have preferred. 
So, he accepted the work and agreed to meet Pablo, at his request, in two days-time when he returned from a dubious business trip.
Derek and Sofía sat in the bar drinking and talking, learning more about each other, and strengthening an unquestionable bond between them. 



Derek leaned back in his chair against the expensive blue and white patterned wall tiles Sofía had sourced from Castellón. As he did so, he scanned the whole bar and felt at home. 
Suddenly he noticed a small black head pop out from under the seating on the other side of the bar. Simultaneously, Jabier flew past, like a goalkeeper in mid-air trying to save a ball. Before he had even hit the floor with his arm outstretched, Sid had slipped back under the fixed seating.
“My, it is like, how you say in England, a circus? … yes, a circus in here,” said Sofía 
“It is great entertainment,” Derek said, smiling back at her. She suddenly sidled towards him and whispered in his ear. Derek stood up as she led him by the hand to a small circular staircase hidden behind the bar.
Pilar knowingly unhooked a red rope, rather like the type used to cordon off an area in a museum, from the bottom of the stairs, to allow them to climb the staircase.
They wound their way up through a medieval passage to the living area above the bar, which was Sofía’s sole domain. As they entered the room, Derek found himself looking at a large area with a small bar on the left-hand side and, right in the middle, the biggest four-poster bed he had ever seen, perfectly fitted into its medieval surroundings. 
Sofía pulled Derek towards the bed, smiling as she undid the buttons on her shirt and allowed it to slip to the ancient grey tiled floor, showing her smooth cleavage in a delicately laced bra. Derek was panicking and thinking about how he was going to fuck up and not in the way he was meant to.
She could see he was nervous, which made him even more attractive to her as she unhooked her bra, displaying her beautiful breasts on a body that would put most models to shame.
“Come here,” she said as she pulled him close, her hand undoing his trousers as he undid his shirt.  
Having removed the rest of their clothing, they fell back onto the bed, naked and oblivious to the rest of the world and the crazy bar down below. She took him many times, and he was able to satisfy her despite his lack of confidence, which most men felt when confronted by Sofía in her naked state.
She felt fulfilled, and the world seemed in balance as they spent hours touching each other and making love. Derek couldn’t believe he was the same person. He impressed himself the way he was keeping up with Sofía, who in terms of sex, was a honed athlete with a lot of experience.
At one-point, Sofía wondered whether to ask Pilar to come up and join them, as she had spent several hours in bed with her previously and would like to enjoy her again but with Derek joining in. However, she stopped herself from suggesting it as she realised this time with him was not like all the rest. It left her with the growing worry of how to tell him of her insatiable sexual appetite, and it bothered her as to how he would take it.
When she was a teenager Sofía had visited the doctor, who had suggested she may be showing signs of excessive sexual drive, but it was probably an age thing and that it would pass, and he dismissed her concerns.
 


Having felt embarrassed and dissatisfied with the doctor’s off-hand attitude, she carried on with her life, but it was by no means a temporary state. Having had many partners, sometimes several in one go, of both sexes, Sofia realised it was no basis for a stable relationship unless someone could accept what she considered an illness. 
She hoped that Derek could be that one and couldn’t believe how her feelings were developing for him.
Derek lay intertwined with her, wearing a tired but slightly smiling face. He had succeeded in satisfying this beautiful woman! Sofía was about to explain everything to him but seeing his peaceful and clearly happy expression she realised that he might have the same feelings for her, so decided to leave that conversation for another time as they both drifted off to sleep.


 
Chapter 12

On his return to the campsite, Derek decided to call Dave as he felt so happy with the way things were now going in his life, but he didn’t want to wipe away all of his past, and his friendship with Dave was worthy of regular contact.
“Hello? Hello? Honestly, fuck me! Dave, can you hear me?”
“Oh, hello matey. You don’t need to shout,” replied Dave
“I wouldn’t need to shout if you didn’t keep putting your phone on loudspeaker. It is difficult you know you have to listen harder ‘coz we are much further away. Anyway, how’s tricks?”
“Sorry Del, I was running, and I didn’t have it on loudspeaker.” replied an out-of-breath Dave.
“Running from some girl I suppose,” laughed Derek.
“Well not exactly mate. It was a female, or should I say females to be exact.” Dave replied, finally getting his breath back.
“You at some kind of orgy or something then?” asked Derek
Dave told Derek that he had got a new job a couple of weeks before as a caller at the local bingo hall. Despite being trained, Dave didn’t listen to all the advice given to him, and in the first week, he was just about average in his end of training assessment, having made quite a few mistakes.
“Those fucking women at bingo! Blimey, they should put them in the army. I made a couple of errors, and they got stroppy. It’s serious stuff to them Del, don’t you ever try it.”
He went on to explain that in his second week, he had got pissed off with them, so one evening on the busiest night of the week, he told his boss he was fine and set about creating a trail of mayhem for a laugh. This entailed him deliberately reading out far more than his usual errors, and it was like a scene from a comedy movie as he called out “two and one, fifty-four.” and other such deliberate mistakes.
Deliberate or not, this was too much for the hand-bagged women, and the complete front row, as though guided by a higher power, rose and launched themselves towards the stage where Dave’s fun was now turning sour.
He was chased from the hall and halfway down the road before the women gave up, still waving their arms and handbags in a wide arc, threatening that they would batter the shit out of him for fucking up their bingo evening. Just at that time, Derek had called.
“I’d lay low for a while if I were you and keep away from the whole road, not just the bingo hall. You don’t half get yourself in the shit mate.” laughed Derek.
“It’s no laughing matter. Those women are deadly serious about their bingo. I have got to watch out now every time I go out. But it was a bit of fun though.” replied the now unemployed Dave.
Derek told him about the developments with Sofía. Luckily, he had loaded the phone with credit this time to have a longer chat, which he soon wished he hadn’t.



“Sorry Del, I have bad news mate. I couldn’t help it, but a bloke came around and jumped me; I think his boss called him Jason. He took me to a warehouse-type place. He had a gun and threatened that if I didn’t tell them where you were, it would be the end of me.”
“Oh shit! What did he look like, and what did you tell them exactly Dave?” asked Derek.
“The bloke with the gun? He looked like SAS or something, and I just said that you had gone to some campsite near Denia,” replied Dave nervously.
“Oh, for fucks sake! Pretty much everything then,” shouted Derek angrily.
After calming down and apologising to Dave, he assured his friend that he had no choice and would have done the same thing.
“So why are they after you then?” enquired a curious Dave.
“Oh, I’ll tell you about it another time. It’s bad stuff, and I want to enjoy this life here.”
“Yeah, sounds like you’re on to a winner there, especially with that Sofía girl. Well, I’d better get off now mate as I have to go home the long way and sneak in through our back door. Take care and keep your eyes open for unwanted guests. Sorry again” Dave said, trying to imagine Sofía from the description Derek had given him.
“No worries. Take care, and you keep your eyes open for women with handbags.” They both laughed and said their goodbyes.
Derek was now again left relaxing in his regular spot in the camper’s side door, despite having a perfectly good folding chair, listening to the tree frogs which sounded just like crickets, or that’s what the girl in the campsite office told him they were. He sat smoking more than he should, contemplating whether to tell Sofía of his failed shooting attempt, and if he did, how he would word it, and how it would eventually sound to her father?
He was quite stressed but opened a can of beer, and eventually, after calming down again, decided he would probably leave it a while before telling Sofía about the problem he had left behind in England. 
“Anyhow,” he thought, “they probably wouldn’t find me even if they do come to Spain” as he was now spending more and more time at Sofía’s bar.


 
Chapter 13

Derek and Sofía spent the next two days either in the bar or on walks around the mountains, talking and laughing about the silliest things. One day she felt that before he met her dad, she should tell him about her need for sex and get the issue out of the way, and she desperately hoped he wouldn’t be scared off.
 “Hey Del, if you were to watch me fuck another person, and you could join in, how would you feel?” which having said it, she thought could have been put another way, less directly.
He was very relaxed, but the question aroused his attention as he never thought he would ever get the chance to try it, and it intrigued him very much. 
“Yes, I would be okay with that. Do you mean another guy?” he replied, trying to remain calm and understanding.
“Or a woman. I like both,” she replied.
Derek couldn't resist the urge to jump on her and rip both of their clothes off at the thought of her with another woman.
This was a great relief to Sofía, and after they had worn each other out again, she explained in detail about going to see the doctor when she was younger, and that she had slept with Pilar several times, and also with friends who sometimes visit and share the same bed. They finished the discussion after agreeing to try it with Pilar.
Having dressed and tidied themselves up, they went downstairs. Derek sat in what was now becoming his chair in the corner of the bar, leaning back on two legs against the wall, a habit which his mother had constantly nagged him about, and one of the few things she had just cause to criticise. Sofía had the chef prepare a bocadillo for him, a snack that was popular with the tourists.
“Hey, Del, for you,” she called across the bar for him to come and get the baguette stuffed with cheese and Spanish Serrano ham.
Derek waved back, pulling a face, and motioning for her to bring it over. She smiled and willingly did so, realising that not for the first time, his chair was tilted back to a point where he couldn’t tip it forward again, and the tiled wall was all that was stopping him from ending up in a pile on the floor.  
She walked elegantly across the bar, put his food on the table, and pulled him forward so that his chair landed back square with all four legs safely touching the floor.
“Silly man,” she said, smiling at him. “I will get my drink, and we will talk about my father and his idea for you, so you know what to do when you see him tomorrow.”
“Okay, no problem,” he replied and sank his teeth like a vampire into the delicious bread. Sofía walked away, and he watched her intently as she headed toward the bar.  
He then stopped as a little voice in his head said he had to pace himself as this woman could wear him out at the rate he had been performing.
Sofía returned with a bottle of wine and two glasses.
“Okay, so my father, he is a tough man Del and has had a hard-working life. He now has several men to carry out some of his jobs for him, and they are very loyal. 



If he asks you something, give him a straight answer, and don’t forget to tell him about your time in the army and with a rifle. He will like that.”
“Of course, I will tell him what he wants to know, no problem,” replied Derek
“Oh yes, you must be aware that most of his men are fairly easy going and they can be very useful when there is trouble to be dealt with, but be wary of Enrique, or you may hear him called Quique. He does not like anybody, especially foreign people, so he may not be easy to get on with,” she added.
Sofía glossed over the truth as much as possible and didn’t really let on that they were a bunch of criminals and that Quique was basically a cold-blooded killer who already disliked Derek without even meeting him. 
However, she knew that Derek would be safe when her dad realised his growing importance to her.
After their lunch, Sofía dropped him off at her father’s villa whilst she went into the town to get some bar supplies. Their plan was for her to pick him up afterward and then go back to the campsite to check on the camper van.
“Ah, Mr. Del, welcome,” Pablo said, holding out a hand to Derek as Enrique watched suspiciously from the corner of the room, planning how the little Englishman could be removed.
“Good to meet you sir, and thank you for seeing me,” replied Derek.
Pablo could see that Derek had manners, and that impressed him. After a lengthy conversation and Derek discussing his favourite rifles and his abilities with such a weapon, Pablo realised why his daughter was attracted to such a man. However, he felt something was lacking. Whilst he wouldn’t argue with Derek’s claims about his talents with a rifle because this would soon be tested, he felt that he didn’t have that killer instinct and, unfair as it may seem to compare, he was no Enrique. Pablo had doubts about Derek’s competence in carrying out some of the less savoury tasks he would be called on to undertake.
Pablo sat thinking for a few minutes then offered Derek a shot of rum, after which he gave him the terms of his offer. 
“We need someone with your shooting abilities Mr. Del. We soon will have a job where you will need to shoot at a target from a long distance when given the signal. In return for this and other jobs which may come along, I can keep you in Spain for as long as you like so that you may enjoy this beautiful country.” He spread his arms out wide, although all that could be seen was the inside of his relatively small office.
“Yes, that wouldn’t be a problem Mr. Ruiz,” said Derek.
“That is excellent; you can now go and meet the rest of my people who are probably lazing about in the next room until I open the door, then the idle bastards will look busy,” smiled Pablo.
“You will be told about your first job for me in the next few days. Oh, yes, before you go. Firstly, you will call me Boss like the others do, and secondly, it would not be a good idea for you to upset my daughter. I would be very unhappy with that situation. You understand?” asked Pablo with a calm forcefulness.
“Yes, I understand, and thank you again Mr. Ruiz, er Boss,” Derek replied. He left the room to briefly meet the others before Sofía arrived to pick him up.



While waiting for her, Derek stood on the patio overlooking the vast property that Pablo owned. There was a full Olympic sized swimming pool, solidly built stables, and a large secured building that housed a helicopter. Pablo had his own pilot who would fly him to various appointments, both business and personal. 
Sofía appeared around a corner, gliding like a model up the long tree-lined driveway.
She was far in the distance, but Derek could just make out the slight wiggle in her hips as she made her way toward the main villa. 
He almost missed her waving at him because he was watching the staff around the stables, both men and women, stopping to watch her as she elegantly made her way. This was the effect she always had on anybody in her presence.
Out of view, her father was watching from inside the house. His emotions were split as he could see how happy his daughter looked, and he couldn’t ever remember seeing her so beaming. Still, on the other hand, he had doubts about Derek’s abilities should the relationship develop. He was concerned the Englishman would not fit into the family business in the way expected. 
Sofía, being very astute, had already thought about this due to her increasing feelings for Derek. She was determined that should their relationship work out they would both move away and have nothing to do with her father’s lifestyle. Pablo would be upset, but he would give in eventually as long as she was happy.
“How are you Amante, did it go well with Papa?” asked Sofía, finally reaching Derek on the steps of the villa.
“Who’s Amante?” he asked. 
“Amante means lover,” she said, smiling. “Perhaps you should carry your book with you.”
“It wouldn’t look good in front of your father if I pulled out a translation book, especially as he spoke in English to me,” replied Derek.
“Of course not, I am making fun. You are doing very well with the language and learning a lot faster than I thought you would. I am just going to have a quick word with Papa, and I will be back in a minute,” she replied, realising her Spanish practice was helping him just as he, in return, was helping to perfect her already good English.
Derek waited for about five minutes, again taking in the scenery in which the villa and its grounds lay.
Sofía reappeared and told him that her father had already obtained the tools he had requested during their conversation earlier. Derek was seriously impressed by his connections. Pablo had managed to arrange delivery of the same type of rifle he had left under the house’s floorboards in England, and it would be arriving soon.
He thought how difficult it had been to find the rifle he wanted in the UK and only got one through sheer luck.
Of course, Derek had omitted to tell Pablo about the fiasco at the burger restaurant and that he had disappeared with some of the money for a job unfinished. He felt sure this would curtail any chance of working for him and, more importantly, his chances of staying in Spain with Sofía. He had changed the story and spiced it up in his favour and thrown another total fabrication in for good luck. 



Well, he wanted to be near her, so what the hell, he had nothing to lose, or so he thought.
“Where is the car Sofía? We didn’t come in this way” enquired Derek.
“Oh, it is only a short way,” she replied as they walked back down the long driveway and then round behind the huge stable building.
“I have been spending time with my horse Luna who is down here in the stable as I cannot keep her anywhere else. Imagine trying to keep her near the bar! I was back quicker than I thought, so I took her around my indoor sand school a few times.” she explained.
“Oh, I see, so you ride?” he asked.
“Yes, of course. What do you think I was doing on you last night?” She smiled at him with a wicked grin
“You are a very naughty woman Sofía,” he laughed.
“Perhaps later you could punish me in your camper at the site.” she said as they covered their last bit of the walk to the car.


 
Chapter 14

Nearly a week passed by as he waited for the call from Pablo for his first assignment. Derek was now at the bar far more than he was at his camper van. Sofía during one evening when they were both quite drunk, had let her feelings be known and explained how she now felt about him. He told her much the same thing, and they both realised the importance of their relationship.
Sofía had to admit that she was more than a little worried about Derek’s safety, given the jobs that her father would demand of him. She knew that his first task was due tomorrow because her father had asked her to relay the information to Derek and requested that he be ready. 
That evening Sofía and Derek agreed that he should move into the bar permanently. His rent at the campsite would soon run out, and it seemed pointless him renewing it, so he happily agreed to her suggestion. Life seemed perfect, living in a warm country with a sexy woman in a bar hidden away in the mountains. All he had to do in return was just shoot someone now and again.
As it was still early evening, they went to pick up the camper van, and he had a quick chat with Jenny, who was just about to finish her shift at the office. 
Finally, he said goodbye to her, noting how sad she looked as she jealously watched him disappear with Sofía, ending any chance she had of striking up a relationship with the wayward traveller. Derek had previously thought of suggesting to Sofía that the three of them spend a night together but had changed his mind, preferring to leave all those sorts of suggestions to Sofía.
The camper van now had pride of place on the far side of the bar’s car park, as though it was enjoying the view of the mountains and keeping watch on all the cars that came in and out.
At the end of a long, eventful day, they had dinner, then took a bottle of Cava with them upstairs to celebrate him moving in and discuss the task he would have to carry out the next day for Pablo.
“You have good skin for an Englishman.” Sofía said to him, lying on the bed in just her underwear.
“Why thank you. I find it holds things together” he joked back.
“Oh well, let us finish the bottle off at the table. I will tell you what you have to do tomorrow for Papa, and then you can play with your new toy.” She smiled and pointed at the box in the corner, which Derek realised contained his requested rifle and ammunition.
The next day broke with a slight wind. Branches of baked dry plants were rolling down the side of the mountain below the car park where Derek was now sitting. He wondered how it must have felt for the poor people who got drunk and fell over the edge to their deaths. Luckily, he only had a Spanish coffee in his system this morning so, unless the caffeine suddenly took hold of him, he was safe from the same fate.



Sofía appeared with another coffee for him. She linked her arm through his, partly because it made her feel close to him, and partly because she had a natural wariness of the drop below. He sipped the drink, which was lukewarm, realising he had become very fond of this type of torrefacto coffee where the beans are coated with a sugar solution before they are roasted.
She kissed him softly on the lips; then they made their way to her car. She had arranged to drop him off at a set point in the mountains to carry out his first job for Pablo.
His task was to get to a particular spot near a radio mast in the mountains and then observe from a distance a large villa painted in mustard yellow.  
“Bye Del. I will pick you up back here when you get a call from me on the phone I gave you” said Sofía as she dropped him off in a crude pull-in at the side of the rough mountain road.
“Hasta luego mi guappa” he said, smiling at her
“Very good, I am pleased you have been looking in your book again; I will teach you how to say it more as we do here in Spain. How you say in English? Eh, more slang or street language.”
Waving, she drove off in the opposite direction from which they had come. Derek now started a two-mile walk to get to a good position, carefully picking his way over the rocks whilst thinking about the task ahead.
Pablo had a problem that needed his urgent attention. A dubious operator was trying to push his drug dealing a bit too close to Pablo’s patch. He was a despicable character with several men on his payroll. 
Pablo’s illicit drug trade was mainly cannabis and a few pills, and only to a few select customers. The intruder dealt in heavy stuff and was not averse to supplying anyone who could raise the euros, including children.
Personally, Pablo wasn’t keen on the drug trafficking side of things, his main business being in other shady areas. Therefore, he had no compunction in putting the newcomer in his place, either by agreement or force.
The sun was beating down, and Derek was sweating as he spotted the villa in the distance. Within minutes he had nestled himself in the perfect camouflage of the surrounding terrain. He lay prone on a smooth bit of rock, which gave him a perfect view through the rifle’s telescopic sight. 
The plan was simple. Pablo and Enrique would be paying a surprise visit to “Jorge” which was all he was known as. Derek’s instructions were to take out anyone other than Pablo and Enrique, who left the mustard yellow building. It would be an easy shot for him. Pablo and Enrique intended to go inside, and if Jorge accepted the terms that Pablo laid down, there would be no issue. If not, Enrique would wipe them out, and if any escaped the building, Derek would pick them off from his hidden position.
The heat haze shimmered as Derek looked through the telescopic sight again. He waited and waited until he began to think this was a joke to play on the pale-skinned Englishman as he cooked in the midday sun.



Like any good sniper, he focused intently on the villa. A door on the house’s side opened, and a dog appeared from behind it. 
He couldn’t help admiring the beauty of this creature; it looked like a dark orange and white greyhound with big ears that pointed to the sky. He had read about the native animals and recognised it as an Ibizan hound, with its links dating back to the Egyptians.
If he had taken the time to train the sight of his rifle elsewhere, he would possibly have seen a man some distance from him, pointing a rifle in his direction. Jorge was no fool and had somehow been tipped off that Pablo would arrive, on which day and the exact hour. Trying to out-think everyone, Jorge had pondered about what he would do in such a circumstance. 
He understood he was treading on Pablo’s toes in a very cut-throat business, so he took the precaution of putting a sniper in the mountains to take out Pablo when he left the house. Jorge realised that Pablo would probably use the same tactic, so warned his own marksman that there could well be another sniper nearby, which now put Derek a trigger pull away from death.
In a split second, Jorge’s shooter heard a scuff of rocks and then nothing. Sofía stepped over the lifeless figure and prepared to put another shot into the sniper but then realised there was no need. Luckily for Derek, Sofía had no intention of going back to the bar after dropping him off. She planned to coast to a nearby point ready to help her father should he call, as he had done in the past when he found himself in a sticky situation. Whilst on the mountain road, she had spotted an empty car parked at the side, which didn’t look right. It was too new, not battered about like many local vehicles, and her sixth sense was tingling.
She pulled in behind the shiny car, got out, and quietly crept over the nearby hill to see if anyone was visible. The sniper’s mistake was to leave the car and be within view from the hilltop.  
Sofía crouched down as she watched the man leaning against the rock. She could make out a rifle and, with a quick check of the angles as she peered into the distance, soon realised it was pointing in the direction of the radio mast.
She sprang like a mountain goat across the rocks and was quietly closing in on the marksman. Hidden in a hollow area, like the soldiers during the first world war lying in a shell hole, she got her breath and composure, pulled out her pistol, and screwed the silencer onto it. She often carried a gun, locked in a box inside another secure container in the boot of her car. This meant that it was ready to use when the occasion demanded.  
Her gut instinct had been strong enough for her to open the box and tuck the weapon into her jeans.
Having observed the sniper for a few minutes, she simply got out of the dip, brushed down her trousers, and walked quietly forward, scuffing some loose stones and pulling the trigger. 
Once again, she had helped her father, but more importantly her Del, whom she realised must never know who had saved him. She needed to know Derek was okay, so she picked up the dead man’s rifle and quickly managed to locate Derek using its sight.


 
He was shifting uncomfortably on a flat rock in the distance but still fixed on the yellow house in the opposite direction. 
She wiped the rifle with her blouse, threw it down next to the dead man, and left the scene, quickly retracing her steps back to the car and driving off without being seen.
She parked in the same spot she had used earlier and waited for the okay phone message from her father, who had stuck his big thumb up in the air as he left Jorge’s premises. Derek recognised that this was probably his signal to stand down, a fact which was confirmed by Sofía, who called to say he could make his way back to her and the waiting Mercedes.
As he arrived back at the rendezvous point, he was slightly unnerved by the sight of a passing car. Fortunately, Derek had packed his rifle into a soft case, so to the occupants of the car, he looked like just another backpacker and took no notice of him. He took off the pack containing the weapon and placed it in the boot next to the metal box in which Sofía’s pistol was now safely locked. 
“Ah, my poor man” she said, kissing his cheeks and pulling a face as his sweat got in her mouth.
“Sorry, but it is bloody hot out there, then I suppose it is Spain” he said, laughing at her expression.
“Get in the car, and let’s get out of here. We’ll go to the beach, cool off in the water, and get a drink” she suggested.
“Great idea, let’s go” he replied
They set off to a beautiful golden beach not far from the one where he had previously eaten lunch, and despite the time that had passed, he couldn’t help but check around for Thelma to suddenly appear from nowhere.
“What are you looking for? All the sexy girls? You dirty man!” exclaimed Sofía smiling. Before he could explain, she went on. 
“That one over there is beautiful Del; I would like to play with her breasts.”
“I’m a bit tired now. Shall we get something to drink first?” he jokingly replied.
They bought a bottle of beer and waded up to their knees in the beautiful clear water of the bay. They discussed what had happened, and he said that it was a bit uneventful and that Pablo had obviously dealt with the problem, so he wasn’t needed.
In fact, a lot more had gone on apart from Sofía’s hit on the sniper, which she kept from Derek. Enrique had been a bit hasty and had shot everyone in the room, almost hitting Pablo as he spun with his semi-automatic short rifle strapped under his jacket. Jorge, or rather the now deceased Jorge, appeared to be about to give in to Pablo’s offer to work together on the drugs front when one of his men reached into his jacket, and just like in the movies, all hell broke loose. Well, to be exact, Enrique broke loose. He drew his weapon from his jacket and sprayed everyone before he realised the man was simply reaching for a notebook.



  Pablo was not pleased but thought nothing more of it other than raising a questioning eyebrow at Enrique, to which he simply responded, “Fuck them, they are better off dead” as he walked out, leaving Pablo glad Enrique was working for him and nobody else.


 
Chapter 15

There were the usual throngs of people, milling around like busy ants, rushing from terminal to terminal for their flights out of Manchester airport.
“I feel a right prick pushing this fucking silly trolley,” Jason said, louder than was needed.
“That’s because you are a prick, and if we weren’t going to Spain my son, you would be going on your own to finish the job you fucked up,” replied Harry.
“What do you mean Gov?” asked Jason, wondering if he could leave his boss in Spain and return without him for some peace.
“What do I mean? What do I mean? You knob! I gave you simple instructions to get that twat councillor shot, and he is still parading around like some fucker at the Rio Carnival.” Harry was now in full swing as they made their way to the check-in desk. “Instead of being able to relax, which at my age my son I am entitled to you know, I have an unfinished job which I have paid half for to a tosspot who I now have to leave the country for.”
After the veins on Harry’s neck had subsided and he had calmed down, Jason thought it safe to respond. 
“I understand it was a reasonable slice of cash you bunged him up front, but I am sure we will sort it out, and I am sorry Boss, it won’t happen again.”
Harry gave a sadistic smile, “You ever see those gangster movies my son, where the boss says you won’t do it again or else? Well this is a living movie and too fucking right you won’t do it again. Anyway, it ain’t the money, that’s peanuts, he came quite cheap,” Harry finished.
“Well, what’s it about then?” Jason enquired.
“I’m going to teach the twat a lesson, a lesson he won’t forget, or he probably will because, my old china, he’ll be fucking extinct,” stressed Harry.
“A bit like the dinosaurs,” smirked Jason, trying to lighten the mood.
“No, fucking dead in the morgue,” Harry replied venomously.
As they came to the check-in desk where a middle-aged but attractive woman checked their passports and gave them their boarding cards, both Harry and Jason’s eyes remained glued to the middle part of her uniform.
“Blimey Boss, I think this airline should be called Squeezy Jet. I wouldn’t half mind having a squeeze of those,” Jason commented as they walked away from the desk.
“You’re a filthy little bastard you know,” replied Harry.
“You were looking at them too,” replied Jason defensively.
“Yes, but I’m allowed to. I’m nearly a pensioner.”
At that, they both trundled their way down the narrow corridor to board the brightly coloured aircraft where another attractive but younger uniformed woman waited for them. 



After being pointed toward their seats by the woman, as though they couldn’t figure out that in this long tube their seat would be somewhere with a fifty-fifty chance of being left or right, they shuffled past people stuffing bags into overhead lockers and grumbling about the lack of space.
“Hey Boss, it’s a good job we didn’t bring any hardware on board. Anyway, where are the tools for the job?” Jason quietly and covertly asked his boss.
“Shut the fuck up, big mouth!” Harry had just replied, rather too loudly, when a thud was heard, and his mouth seemed to jolt forward for a second, exposing his bottom teeth like a piranha fish.
“Filthy mouth, you should know better, swearing at that poor young man,” said a voice.
Harry turned, ready to strangle the culprit, but he was stopped in his tracks by the sight of a petite, very old lady. She had heard Harry’s remark to Jason and was taken aback by such bad language with children present. So, with some style, she unleashed the full force of her granny bag, which was solidly built with a metal rim around the edge.
Had she known she was physically assaulting one of the North’s top crime bosses, she might have thought twice, but then she was from a strong wartime generation and probably wouldn’t have given a toss.
“I am so sorry Madam. I haven’t been feeling too good.” Harry lied through almost gritted teeth.
“Good, I hope you die, bastard,” she said as she walked off down the airplane, leaving Harry and Jason shocked and amazed.
In the middle of their flight, just after they had eaten their square meal from pre-packed containers, Harry briefed Jason who for some reason seemed to be acting oddly like a dimwit. This was somewhat unusual for him, but Harry put it down to the excitement of going abroad, a rare treat for Jason.
Harry explained that they would hire a car from the airport using their fake but very convincing driving licences. They had real ones but rarely used them unless they had to.
They would then drive to the nearby coast to a marina in the dunes where Charlie would provide the pistols that Harry had requested be ready for his arrival. By this time, the airplane was approaching their destination, and Harry could only hope that Jason had taken in the plan. 
The three men met at an open-air restaurant and ordered food from the menu with prices so high that they could have been forgiven for thinking they were buying the marina itself.
They discussed past times as Harry and Charlie were old friends. Charlie had received a pretty serious shotgun injury to his thigh and decided enough was enough, so he legged it over to Spain with his money and stayed there. It had been nearly fifteen years since they last saw each other, but Harry remembered that Charlie owed him a few quid from a bet, so Charlie picked up the bill for lunch.
Luckily for Harry, Charlie still had certain contacts and could obtain items when needed, especially for his old pal. 



Now armed, they bade their farewells and promised to meet up again someday, although neither of them believed it would happen for many more years.  
Jason had searched on Google to find all the campsites in and around Denia as far down as Alicante where they had landed. He decided they should start with the first one on the road from airport and then work their way toward Denia, checking out all the sites en-route in the hope of locating Derek.
Neither of them had thought of a good strategy for finding him. They didn’t have a lot to go on, so Harry thought he would just use simple questions or resort to violence if necessary. Someone, somewhere, must have seen a scrawny-looking pale Englishman with a tent or driving an English car.
After stopping at quite a few sites, they were both getting fatigued and pissed off with looking. They spent an uncomfortable night in the car at one of the campsites, for which they had to pay full camper van price, and were nearly ready to give up and re-think their plan when they walked into a campsite office staffed by a pretty girl who spoke English and who was clearly from the UK.
“We are looking for a friend of ours, an English bloke about so high and pale-skinned,” said Jason, describing Derek with hand motions.
Jenny was smart enough to realise they were not particularly nice people but, unbeknown to Derek, she held quite a grudge against him. A woman scorned is one to be feared, but she had given Derek no sign she was angry with him for rejecting her advances. 
With revenge in mind, she gave a casual answer that someone resembling Derek had passed through sometime in the last few weeks, but that she didn’t have any forwarding address. After all, they were only a campsite and not a post office. 
This response angered Harry, who didn’t think twice about threatening or roughing up somebody, even a young woman. 
Harry grabbed her by the front of her blouse and repeated his question. The threat shook her down to the soles of her feet, and she thought “What the hell, it’ll teach him not to reject me and I’m not getting done over for anyone.” 
She explained that he had gone off with some flashy woman with a Mercedes car and that she thinks it was to some bar or something, perhaps a café, in the mountains towards Alicante.  
Harry and Jason left the campsite in the hire car, which they had no intention of returning, and drove south back the way they had come with renewed hope of teaching Derek a good lesson.
They stopped in a local petrol station, and Jason noted the Repsol sign high above the canopy. Being a keen motorcycle racing fan, he instantly recognised it as the livery used on the current world champion’s bike. The champion was Spanish, and Jason stupidly wondered if he would bump into him.
“What are you daydreaming about now? More girls I suppose,” said Harry. He had been filling up the tank whilst his employee stood there like a spare part at a wedding.
“Oh, just looking at the sign. They sponsor the MotoGP racing,” replied Jason
“How fascinating,” Harry replied sarcastically.



They turned around and drove southwards until they could see the highest part of the mountains bordering along the road.
“Here, this will do. Pull off down this turning, and we can make our way into the mountains from there. He can’t have moved that far from the campsite, so we will find the bastard,” predicted Harry.
Jason was driving and taking in the scenery as their small car weaved its way up and around the kinks and bends. Several hours later, the sun was starting to set on their long, hot, and dry day. They pulled into a parking area with a panoramic view to behold. Having driven into turn after turn and going off onto small trackways, some of which weren’t meant for cars, the hours had rolled by, and there was no sign of Derek or a bar.
“You see, you tosser!” said Harry aggressively as he slapped Jason around the head. “Now we’re fucked, and that prick Derek is wandering around with my money taking the piss because you didn’t do your job right.”
“Sorry Boss,” was all Jason could think to say as he stood there, scratching his head in the hope of a solution. The darkness was drawing in, and another uncomfortable night in the car beckoned. 
Had they climbed up on foot to the small crag near their parked car, they would have been able to see Derek, clearly visible on the other side of the mountain, sitting in a lounging chair in Sofía’s car park smoking.


 
Chapter 16

Derek coughed on the last draw of the large cigar he had enjoyed, picked up his folding chair, and made his way into the bar. He had discovered that at a certain spot in the car park there was often a beautiful breeze blowing from the side of the mountain across the now empty tarmac.
He enjoyed sitting there for a quick smoke and a think about life in general, and this evening it was also a chance to get away from the mayhem in the bar. Sid had decided to disappear again and, although he was a regular and most people who frequented the place knew him, he had to be found due to his natural ability to scare the shit out of unsuspecting tourists.
That evening had been a major panic as he was nowhere to be found, having avoided the futile attempts by Jabier to contain him. It was evident that the snake wore the trousers and clearly had the upper hand in their working relationship.
It was a monumental task involving most of the staff, including Sofía and Derek, to remove fixed seating from one side of the bar, trying not to disturb the customers, while the remaining staff moved crates and bottles in the stock room. Sid was eventually found basking in the sun in the car park. As Jabier tried to catch him with a dark cloth bag, he slithered away at speed back into the bar through the door, which was held open with a large stone as the air conditioning wasn’t running too well. The panic soon subsided as Sid slid his way to his favourite corner, and although Jabier really wanted him back in the basket, he was relieved to know where he was, curled up, and behaving for now.
“Hola,” Sofía said, smiling at Derek as he walked back into the bar, which was in the final cleaning phase before closing early this evening.
“After running around after Sid, I think I need to shower, and then perhaps we should have dinner. What do you say?” she asked.
“Yes, sounds good, especially if I can join you in the shower,” he replied like a schoolboy about to get his first kiss.
“I think we could do that,” Sofía said, pouting her lips toward Derek. 
“How about you Pilar? Would you like to join us in the shower?” whispered Sofía discretely to her friend, who was busy wiping the bar surface.
Pilar put down her cloth, made her way across the now empty bar, and planted a deep kiss on Derek’s lips.
“I was hoping you would let me see what the English are like in the shower,” said Pilar as Derek grew very hard in the groin.
Both women made their way past the rope barrier and up the winding stairs, deliberately waggling their bottoms at him as he followed.
They made love in the shower, sharing and washing each other, and then moved to the bed. Derek was forced to sit and watch as Sofía took Pilar passionately, who returned the favour and held Sofía down whilst her mouth worked between her legs. Sofía then put Pilar onto Derek to see them together, and they were totally worn out several hours later as all three fell asleep intertwined, missing food and leaving the bar unlocked and open.



The next morning Derek awoke to hear moaning noises. He quickly realised that Sofía hadn’t finished with Pilar and they were writhing on each other with their mouths covering every inch of each other’s bodies. Strangely, and for reasons he couldn’t fathom, Derek could only think about having his morning cup of tea.
Derek heard the muffled ringing of the phone coming from underneath a pile of clothes discarded the night before. As he watched Sofía untangle herself from Pilar and feel around for the phone, he had feelings of both lust and slight unease, which he put down to not having been party to such a scenario before. The thought was soon wiped away as Pilar reached under the bedclothes to relieve him whilst she kissed him. All the time Derek was watching Sofía, who was now somewhat taken up with her phone call.
Pablo was up bright and early, as he was most days, and had decided that he had another job for Derek. 
Sofía suddenly had a serious look on her face, which Derek spotted despite not concentrating very well due to Pilar’s ministrations.
“I need to talk with Derek,” Sofía said to Pilar, nodding her head towards the door to indicate it was time for her to go. Pilar got off the bed, kissed Derek and Sofía, then picked up her clothes and disappeared into the back room to get dressed. Derek followed her and stood in the doorway, admiring her.
“I will get ready to open the bar. I hope we can do this again,” said Pilar to Derek as she slid her dress over her head. “Oh, and do you want to have breakfast? I will try and cook the English way.” 
Derek had shown Pilar how to make a full English breakfast, and she practiced cooking it alongside the chef whenever possible, with Derek as the chief taster. 
Sofía had decided to put it onto her menu to see how it went down with the English visitors she had now and again.
“Sounds good, two full English please,” answered Derek, smiling at Pilar. He realised that not only was she good to look at but also very good in bed, although no match for Sofía for whom he had now fallen head over heels.
“Okay, time for business. We need to get dressed, and then we have to go to Papa’s,” Sofía said to Derek as she began dressing in tight jeans and a corset-style top which hugged the ample curves that attracted so many men to the bar.
Checking that Pilar was downstairs and unable to hear her, she sat down with Derek at the ornate marble-topped table near the bar in the bedroom. She made him a mug of tea, having realised that he didn’t function too well without this, then briefly explained that Pablo had another job for him. 
On one of their walks a few days before, she had watched him practice shooting in a secluded part of the mountains and was seriously impressed with his natural eye and control of hand. He was clearly as good a shot as he said he was. He took a small Amstel beer bottle and placed it on a rock that she could barely see in the distance. Then he shattered the bottle with one shot without the telescopic sight on the rifle.



However, there was a stubborn nagging doubt which she couldn’t put to the back of her mind. It had become obvious around the bar how clumsy Derek could be, which worried her as there was no room for error in her father’s business. 
“Okay, you have to set up, or whatever you snipers call it, here, just about ten kilometres away,” she explained, pointing to a spot on the map she had pulled out of her wardrobe.
“Concentrate Derek, please,” she said, catching him looking at her breasts.
“Okay, sorry.” He smiled at her. “What does the guy look like?”
“Papa has a photograph of him. That’s why we have to go there soon,” she replied.
She went on to detail the task in full. It was up to Derek to get to a high point overlooking the main highway. On the far side of the road was a busy petrol station with its blue logo emblazoned across the canopy. 
It was a large site that had a car showroom at the front. At the back was a less attractive repair centre with oily men working on various cars. 
There was a small but modern café which formed part of the shop area inside the station itself. Across from the car showroom was an overly furnished office, a single storey building with its own shower and kitchen that ran off a huge liquid petroleum gas tank along the building’s side.  
Inside his own office sat the boss of the whole enterprise. He had obtained a substantial loan from Pablo’s personal finances to build the plush establishment in which he was sitting. Although he had reneged on the terms of the agreement and his time to pay had run out, he didn’t seem to understand why Pablo was so angry with him.
The shot was quite difficult and although the job was critical to Pablo, he had left it to Derek to sort out with the proviso that it was done within the next couple of days. This meant that Derek would need to locate a good viewpoint to watch the target, who he would identify from Pablo’s photo.
He knew from Pablo’s information that the man in question always went to lunch at a bar at 12.30 on the dot. He had been boasting openly about his wealth, but unfortunately for him the bar also happened to be one of Enrique’s favourite hangouts. 
Pablo had a heated discussion with Enrique, who was getting really pissed off with the Englishman for taking such a good job from him. However, the boss had the last say and explained that he wanted Derek to prove himself. In the long run he wanted his daughter to be happy, and that although he valued Enrique, he didn’t have the abilities of a trained marksman. 
This infuriated the hitman, although he wisely didn’t show it. If he hadn’t felt such loyalty to his boss and Sofía, he would happily have put a permanent end to Derek.
“You look worried” said Sofía, finally standing up, pulling up her top, and gently holding his face in her cleavage.
“I thought I wasn’t allowed to touch or look” he mumbled.
“Ah you can play with them as we’ve finished talking business now.” she replied, pushing his head further in so her bronzed skin formed a seal around his nose and mouth, forcing him to pull back for breath, which gave her great amusement.


 
Chapter 17

Sofía rode around the outside edge of her indoor sand school on her Arab mare, who was a pussycat to handle. As she passed Derek with a smile, he noted how upright she sat in the saddle at the trot with her hair flowing behind her. He leaned on the metal railings around the large arena and watched.  
He could again see that hint of royalty not unlike Queen Cleopatra, or perhaps today she was more like Lady Godiva who, according to legend, rode naked through the streets of Leicester as a protest against her husband’s actions. He was imagining Sofía riding around naked when one of Pablo’s men came in.
“Hey, Mr. Del, Boss wants to speaks with you” he said, ushering Derek out of the training area.
“Ah Mr. Del, good to see you again” said Pablo, addressing Derek by the now common name used for him around the premises. 
Derek walked up the marble steps to greet Pablo, standing outside enjoying the cigar which the maid wouldn’t allow him to smoke indoors.
“Hola ¿Que tal?” replied Derek
“Ah, I see my daughter has been teaching you.”
“Yes, she is a much better teacher than a book” Derek answered. 
“I am sure she is” answered Pablo, pulling a face that said he wasn’t quite sure of the meaning of what the Englishman had said.
“Here is the picture you need of that bastard. I hope you do the job well and remove his face permanently.”
At that moment, his eye caught a movement and slight scuffle at the end of the drive. Enrique and two of his men had their weapons drawn, pointing at two strangers. As Pablo and Derek stood watching, they could make out Enrique moving his pistol in a flicking motion, indicating to the men that they were to walk toward the house.
As the group reached the marble steps, Derek suddenly broke out into a sweat as he realised his worst nightmare was about to come true.
“‘Allo Derek, fancy meeting you here” said Jason, looking at Derek whilst keeping one eye on Enrique, whom he realised was a man of his own character.
“Shut up, you fucking idiot! You are in my home. You only speak when I ask you to!” shouted Pablo down the stairs to Jason and Harry, who were not pleased to be talked to in this manner. 
Enrique now moved up one step with his pistol aimed squarely at Jason’s face. Jason immediately recognised the difficult situation so sadistically decided to wind up Enrique by subtly pouting his lips at him. He was fully aware that his own gun was wedged in his trouser belt and quick as he was, he wouldn’t get it aimed and fired before Enrique had just pulled his trigger.
“I don’t like your tone my son, you fucking Spaniard” said Harry to Pablo.
“Okay, as you have no control of your mouth Señor, I will give you two minutes to tell me why you are spoiling my cigar, so speak” said Pablo menacingly.



“Well Mr whatever-your-fucking-name-is it is simple. We have come to see this ….” at that moment, Harry’s reply was cut short as he heard a sharp crack, and Jason slumped to the floor, bleeding and very dead on the clean white marble. 
Harry managed to draw his own pistol and lurch up the stairs towards Pablo but clearly aiming at Derek, who was quite close to the skirmish. He was swift and managed to get a shot off, which almost caught Pablo’s left leg.  
Enrique spun around and with deadly accuracy was shooting like an old western gunslinger. He put a bullet straight through Harry’s forehead, ending the unwanted visitor, and in a fast, circular movement he put a further two bullets in the centre of Alejandro’s chest.
“Enrique! What the hell are you playing at you idiot?” exclaimed Pablo, who had wanted to hear the purpose of the strangers’ visit, although a thought was now forming in his head as to the reason.
“Sorry Boss, I couldn’t help it. He was making the kissing face at me. Fucking English! He is better off dead, they both better off,” replied Enrique, who had remained uninjured in the short exchange of hostilities. He then nodded toward the slumped Alejandro. 
“I also take a good opportunity Boss”
Unbeknown to everyone else, Pablo and Enrique had discovered that Alejandro had taken money from Jorge to inform them of Pablo’s movements, including the day they visited the villa to sort out their disagreement.
“Well, do you know of these men Mr. Del? They seem to know you, and I believe he did aim for you” enquired Pablo suspiciously.
Derek had to think of a plausible story quickly but was relieved that he been saved as both Jason and Harry were no longer able to give the real reason they were there.
“Oh, an old enemy Boss. I shot one of his family once, and he always said he would get revenge, but I never thought he would come all the way to Spain. Sorry, I would have told you if I’d known” lied Derek with conviction.
At that point, Sofía came running up from the stable, having realised that something was going on. As Pablo went down the marble steps to speak with her, he caught the toe of his expensive leather shoes under Harry’s outstretched arm.
He lost his balance and fell forward, down his own steps, and despite the toughness of the man, he cried out in pain. The others heard a cracking sound, and he slumped in a heap at the bottom of the stairs.
“Papa, Papa!” cried out Sofía as she ran to him.
“It is okay, I am fine, but I just can’t move my legs” he replied. He tried to move, but no signals made it from his brain to his legs.
“Oh Papa. Llamar a una ambulancia rápidamente!” she yelled at one of the men who was standing there with a puzzled look on his face.
Derek understood the gravity of the situation and recognised the word ambulancia. He knew that things for Pablo were not good, but he was relieved as Harry and Jason were now unable to say anything about the botched shooting in England.



 “Oh Papa, you must be more careful. Keep still until the ambulance comes to get you” Sofía said in English as she looked over at Derek with concern.
“It’s okay Chica, I am fine, don’t make fuss” groaned Pablo.
“I’m sure you will be fine Papa, but you must not move. I will be just over here with Derek for a moment. Hey Enrique, stay with Papa for a moment please” she ordered.
Walking over to Derek, she hugged him and, without anyone seeing, shed a few tears and whispered in his ear.
“It’s his back; you must have heard the noise. It could be broken.”
“I know I heard it, and I think you may have to be prepared for bad news. Sorry, I feel it is my fault for not telling him about those two idiots,” Derek said, pointing at the bodies of Harry and Jason, which were now being hastily removed, along with Alejandro, before the ambulance arrived.
“Somebody get some water and cleaners quickly to get rid of the blood before we have the ambulance come.” Sofía commanded.
“Sofía, can you come and stand with the boss so I can also remove their weapons to a safe place?” asked Enrique.
“Okay yes, no problem” she replied.
In no more than fifteen minutes, Sofía had unknowingly gone from Pablo’s daughter to the boss. The men, including Enrique, were all now asking her what to do, and she automatically took charge.
Derek saw Enrique give him an odd look as he picked up the pistols and walked away to store them out of view. Derek was fully aware of Enrique’s dislike for him, and the sudden arrival of the two English gangsters would undoubtedly raise a question in his mind because he was still looking for any reason to get rid of him back to England, alive or dead.
On the other hand, Pablo seemed to have accepted Derek’s lie and was impressed that he had carried out a hit on someone. Enrique would be a much harder nut to crack.
After the medics’ initial check, Pablo was carefully lifted into the ambulance which set off to the hospital with sirens blaring, leaving everyone else standing in disbelief.
“Come Del, we will go to the hospital and wait until we know how Papa is,” Sofía ordered, without thinking it was Derek she was talking to.
“Of course, my darling” said Derek, using a term he had never used for a woman before. 
Despite her anxiety about her father, she picked up on the phrase he had used and smiled at him, finding it comforting to know he was there.
They made their way through the busy hospital to the sparsely decorated waiting room. She tried to read but couldn’t concentrate on the words in an out-of-date Hello magazine while Derek sat dazed, contemplating how easily it could have been him with the bullet through the head. Eventually, an elderly greying doctor came out and confirmed what they had both suspected. Pablo had broken his back.
The doctor’s words were not encouraging as he explained that at best, after intensive physiotherapy, Pablo may be able to walk slowly. 



Still, the chances were very slim, and he would be confined to bed and a wheelchair.
The doctor continued to tell them, referring to Pablo as Derek’s father in law, that he could lead a positive life and it wasn’t the end. Sofía was now tuned out and in a slight state of shock.  
She realised that her father was no ordinary man and would find it extremely difficult, if not impossible, to be positive about his predicament. He was a mob boss and would not want to continue as the head of the family business when he was so disabled. The realisation hit home hard that she would now be expected to take over, and she cursed herself for helping in the past. Being his daughter made her the obvious replacement, and her loyalty to her father meant there was no other option.
She wondered how this would affect Derek and their relationship, but she was comforted by the thought that she could control things and let Enrique do more of the work, which would please him and keep Derek safer. 
Sofía spent half an hour alone with her father in the hospital room, sitting holding his hand. He seemed quite upbeat and asked if he could smoke cigars in there as he had now escaped the wrath of his maid. However, as she expected, he put business first. 
“Sofía, you must look after things for a while, perhaps quite a while. Let Derek carry on with the job I have given him as I want that bastard car salesman dead. And tell Enrique to come here and speak with me as soon as possible” he instructed her.
“Yes of course Papa” she said, giving him a hug and kissing his forehead as she left.
Derek drove the Mercedes back as Sofía sat deep in thought with a mixture of worry and anger. She was close to her father and always had been, but she was furious that her future, finally looking bright and happy, could now be in jeopardy.
In the time it took them to reach the bar, she had phoned Enrique and told him to secure her father’s house, tell the maid not to come for a few days, and that he was to go into the hospital to visit Pablo the next day.
She realised she had to put on a brave face, and if she wanted to keep her father’s business running smoothly, she would have to be strong as weakness was not an option in that line of work. So it was that she continued, hiding her wish to disappear from Spain with Derek, which she still hoped to be able to do one day. 
Perhaps her father may surprise her and take back control once he had fully come to terms with his physical position, but only time would tell.
“Come on Del, let’s go in and have a few drinks to wash away the bad day. You can go and do your sighting tomorrow as Papa wants you to carry on with the job he has given you.” 
“A few drinks sounds like a good idea” he said as they walked hand in hand back into the bar.
They drank a full bottle of Pasión de Bobal without even thinking as they sat talking with Pilar, explaining the situation. Luckily, it was Sofía’s night off as she had arranged for her friends to come around and meet Derek. After her father’s fall, she intended to cancel their visit, but Derek suggested it would perhaps be a good idea to let them come, as it may help take her mind off the day’s events, so they went upstairs to shower and dress.



“Sofía, I have finished in the bar, and we will be closing in about thirty minutes. Is there anything else you need me to do?” asked Pilar.
“No that’s fine, and thank you,” Sofía replied. With her arms around Pilar, she gave her a quick kiss. As the ever-faithful barmaid made her way down the stairs, she called back up to say that her friends had arrived and were seated in the bar.
“Okay thanks, I will come now” Sofía called down the stairs.
She rounded up Derek, who was dressing after taking a shower. Sofía had put on a loose short length dress with a thin black belt, and as with everything she wore, managed to make it look far more expensive than it was. 
She once wore a bin liner and went into the local town when she was younger for a dare. Derek thought that even in the photograph she had shown him, she looked stunning in the crinkly piece of plastic with a hole for the head and two for the arms with the waist pulled in with string.


 
Chapter 18

Sofía and Derek went down to the bar to meet their guests, Pedro and Clara.
“Hi Sofía, you look good as usual” said Pedro as he kissed her with intent, and his wife Clara also kissed her passionately.
“Are you okay Chica?” enquired Clara, realising that Sofía didn’t seem her usual self.
“I’m fine,” said Sofía. “I will explain in a short while, but first let me introduce you to the man in my life, Del, and then I must cook” she said, pulling Derek physically closer.
“Hi Del, do you speak any Spanish?” said Clara as she gently shook hands with him.
“I am learning, and Sofía thinks I am improving, but my Spanish is no match for your excellent English” he replied politely. 
Pedro then reached through the gathering to shake hands with Derek.
“I am Pedro, good to meet you.”
“You too, you both speak excellent English,” Derek said with surprise.
“Yes, it is the result of an expensive education at a British School where we all met when we were younger” chipped in Clara.
“Hey Sofía, do you have some of your favourite wine back there?” asked Pedro
“I am already ahead of you,” she smiled, leaning under the bar and pulling out two bottles of her regular wine.
“Now I must cook” repeated Sofía as she set about a relatively easy but delicious meal consisting of Huevos rotos with Jamón Serrano, a simple dish of eggs broken over potato deep fried with the addition of ham. The meal was finished off with one of Sofía and Clara’s favourites, Crema Catalana, a similar dessert to Crème Brûlée.
Derek had noticed how differently Clara had greeted him compared to his first meeting with Pilar. It wasn’t outwardly obvious, but there was an air of distance about Sofía’s friends. 
Both Pedro and Clara seemed more aloof, and their money, of which they had considerable amounts, had led them to act and behave in a superior manner as if they looked down on others.
Derek couldn’t abide by this kind of attitude in people. He was a straightforward and upfront man, but despite this the evening progressed pleasantly, and Clara and Sofía disappeared out of view. 
Pedro discussed with Derek about his time in the Spanish army as a linguist, which was a perfect fit for his excellent verbal skills in English, French, German, and Arabic.
Pedro was genuinely interested in Derek’s talk of his time as a sniper in the army, though Derek did exaggerate the time he had spent in the British forces and omitted the way he had left. Although Pedro was a bright intelligent person, he also had an air of arrogance about him, which seemed to show at its greatest in Clara’s presence.
Suddenly there was a voice from the top of the stairs, and Pedro winked knowingly at Derek when they were requested by Clara to come upstairs. They finished their bottles of beer and made their way up the old stairs to find Sofía naked on the bed, spread in the shape of a star, with her hands and legs tied at the four corners. 



Clara was almost nude apart from a silk see-through wrap-around skirt she liked to wear when playing with Sofía.
Pedro had stripped off in a flash and jumped onto the bed before putting himself inside Sofía, who moaned with pleasure as he deeply thrust into her. At the same time, Clara kissed her passionately on the breasts.
Derek was left watching excitedly but also with a steadily growing feeling of jealousy in the pit of his stomach. Sofía, although enjoying it, was now being used, and this was different from the time with Pilar, who seemed gentler in her lovemaking.
Clara then got off the bed and went over to Derek, undid his trousers, and beckoned him to remove the rest of his clothes.
“Come on Englishman, you must join the party” said Clara as she took him in her mouth, and the negative thoughts, though far from gone, were put to the back of his mind as the woman performed on him.  
He watched Pedro keep going on Sofía as she cried out and seemed almost out of control, and in an almost rough fashion, Derek turned Clara around and took her quite hard from behind. This made Sofía more excited as she could see Derek satisfying his needs on this woman.
After Pedro had finished, Clara went back to Sofía, kissed her all over her nakedness, and then untied her. They both prompted Derek to lie down, and Sofía mounted him. Pedro joined in so that she was satisfying both men at the same time whilst Clara kissed her deeply as her body rocked back and forth.
After a couple of hours, Clara and Pedro got dressed and said goodbye, almost as if they had been at a business meeting and successfully closed the deal in their favour. This was how they behaved in everything they did. Derek sensed this, and although he could just about tolerate the arrogant Pedro, he was less than keen on Clara and how they had both treated Sofía. The way she allowed herself to be used was something he realised may be a bit of a problem after all.
“Hey. Mr. Del,” Sofía laughed, calling him over to the bed where she still lay totally naked.
“Oh, not you as well! Your dad and his crew call me that” he replied.
“Yes, I know, and I see on your face it is not your favourite thing” she said.
“It’s okay, I’ve been called worse.”
“I also see that you didn’t particularly like Pedro and Clara” she delicately mentioned. 
As Derek lay there playing with her nipples with the odd squeeze of her ample breasts, he thought how perceptive she was, as he could swear there was no visual sign that he wasn’t as comfortable as he had been with Pilar.
“Well I suppose I didn’t like the type of people they were, too arrogant, and money has made them appear something they are not” he answered.
“Oh, it’s okay. I don’t fuck their money Del, and remember what I talked about with you, about my past and what the doctor said, you remember, yes?”
“I know Sofía, but it wasn’t the same as with Pilar. She was more caring with you and didn’t use you like a piece of meat.”



“I am like meat, that must be an English thing” laughed Sofía, to which he nodded that it was as he smiled at her mesmerizing face.
“Pilar is very special, yes, but also I like being used. I hope this is still okay with you Del” she continued, now starting to feel a bit scared at the way the conversation was going.
Derek, who had unknowingly become as equally astute as her, picked up on this and very carefully defused any thoughts she may have been getting.
“Hey, it’s not a big problem, but I want you to be used by people who deserve you. You are a special woman and should be treated that way. I understand your needs, and it really isn’t a problem” he lied, hoping that he never saw Pedro and Clara again.
“Okay and thank you for those kind words. You are incredibly special too Mr. Del,” she said, smiling wickedly at the use of the nickname.


 
Chapter 19

“Allo, ‘allo, are you fucking there Del? Bloody hell wash your ears out twat!” shouted Dave into his latest iPhone on which he had proudly been able to store Derek’s number. “It’s no good me having a phone like this if people don’t listen properly. ‘Allo, Del, Del!”
“Sorry mate, I can hear you, I just thought I’d see how loud you would shout if I didn’t answer.” replied Derek laughing.
“God you’re a twat! I have to shout, you are a long way away, and the phone signal doesn’t go that far from the local aerial very well,” answered Dave, who wasn’t the brightest of people.
“Okay, sorry, I will listen harder.” smirked Derek, avoiding a long conversation about how mobile phones worked. “I can’t stay long Dave. I’m a little bit tied up at the moment.”
“Eh, I bet that Sofía has got you tied up and playing with your todger, you dirty bastard,” Dave replied.
The thought of Sofía tied up the previous night brought a fleeting dark thought, but Derek quickly brushed it out of his mind.
“No, I’m... erm ... just taking a walk in the hills” he carefully replied, rubbing the scratched wrist he had got stumbling on the rocks high above the main road as he watched the service station far below through the detached rifle sight.
“Oh, blimey mate! You gone all fitness then? I suppose there are lots of places to walk over there, I bet.” 
Derek was half-listening to his friend whilst concentrating and waiting for the target to leave for his set lunchtime visit to the bar.
“What’s been doing with you then?” enquired Derek.
“Oh, not much as bloody usual. I’ve grown a beard and moustache though, ‘cos some of those crazy old bingo lot saw me in the town and started chasing me again, so I thought I would go all incognative, you know, invisible like.”
Derek almost fell off his temporary rock seat laughing. Dave had always had a natural ability, without even trying, to make him laugh.
“It’s not funny Del, those women are deadly, especially the ones with the shopping trolleys. They won’t think twice about ramming someone they don’t even know, so I could be a goner as they are on the lookout for me mate.”
Derek continued to watch after regaining his balance, like an eagle staring down at its prey from a high perch. Several people went in and out of the office, and a man appeared to be fixing the large gas tank at the side, so he continued the conversation with Dave.
“Oh, it must be difficult having so many women after you Dave.”
“Don’t take the piss, I thought better of you than that” said Dave, beginning to laugh at the funny side of the situation.
“How’s everyone else there? Have you seen my mom by any chance?” asked Derek.



“No. Oh yes, I did, about a month ago, with some young bloke on her arm, but she didn’t see me though. I think she had been on the bottle again by the look of her, sorry mate.” replied Dave warily.
“Nothing new there then, pissed up old bag.” was Derek’s sad but honest comment.
“Oh, John and Stacey are back together, no surprise there. She is happy now as he has promised to be more flexible with her needs.” Dave laughed before continuing. “She has got him wearing a gimp suit; you know that plastic rubbery suit they wear for shagging. God knows how they manage it. It has a zip for his mouth, and he says he feels like Zippy off Rainbow. Remember that kids’ program? Better still, he got in a fix in it the other day as the zip wouldn’t open, so he couldn’t tell Stacey he was having a panic attack. It’s fucking hilarious mate.” said Dave, catching his breath after relaying all the information in one lungful of air.
“Sounds like someone is having fun over there” Derek quickly responded.
“Hey, any sign of that bloke that kidnapped me? I’m sure they were headed your way,” cautiously enquired Dave, who was wary of bringing the subject up again.
“No sign of ’em, just a pair of bullshitters if you ask me. They won’t turn up” Derek lied with increasing ease.
“Dave, I have to go. I’ll call again soon. Cheers mate!” Derek said hastily. He ended the call with his left hand, whilst the other held the sight firmly against his eye as he saw the man that he recognised from the photo Pablo had given him.
The man exited the office building, locked the door, and arrogantly swaggered across toward his personal parking spot at the front of the car showroom. 
Luckily his attitude meant that he moved quite slowly and if he walked like that every day, and there was no reason to think otherwise as that looked pretty much how he went about his life, then the shot would be made easier.
The rifle was within its optimum firing distance, which was less than Derek had shot to the burger bar window, but the angle down and the height from above the road made it seem as far, if not further.
Derek continued to watch through the expensive sight he had managed to get with the rifle. Most of his army training friends used the first focal plane type sight, allowing the shooter to magnify the target. 
During training, the gunnery sergeant had watched Derek score the same number of hits on the target as his peers but using a second focal plane telescopic sight, which didn’t allow for magnification. He was amazed that Derek could somehow naturally, without thinking, understand the angular measurements required to take a shot. Most recruits had problems with this and used the first focal plane sight for magnification, whereas Derek could get roughly the same hit rate with either. The sergeant was impressed with Derek’s ability and realised he would be a useful asset.
Derek watched the target drive off onto the main highway just as his phone rang.
“What the fuck do you want now?” he answered laughing, assuming it was Dave again.
“I want you Mr. Del,” laughed Sofía, realising he hadn’t known it was her calling.
“Oh, sorry Sofía, I thought it was my friend Dave who I was just speaking to,” he replied apologetically.



“It’s okay, no problem. How is it? Are you hot? I can come and pick you up for a nice cool drink if you like.”
Sofía had already been to visit her father in the hospital. Pablo had told her that he had sorted things out and that Enrique and all the staff would respect her as they would her father. 
She was now in effect the boss, although Pablo insisted that he be kept informed. He would still be helping her make decisions, but she would have to get the jobs done.
She had agreed to everything he had said, being careful not to let him see that she was not happy in her new role. As she left, a pretty female doctor, who met eyes with her and saw someone similar to herself, had said that Pablo would be able to leave the hospital in about a week after a few more tests. They would arrange a physiotherapy plan for him at home.
Sofía then drove to her father’s house and spent a brief ten minutes meeting with Enrique before calling Derek.
“I need to stay and wait for my target to come back from lunch to get the full picture. I think it will be better to get the shot done on his way out, but I want to see how he is on his return,” Derek explained to her.
“I understand. I’ll go and see Luna in the stable and make my way to pick you up in about forty-five minutes,” she replied.
“That’s perfect. I should be all done by then and back on the road. Are we alone tonight?” he asked, wondering if he should have said it as she might have thought he was worried about the previous night. 
He need not have had any concerns as she had taken his word as read and wasn’t worrying or thinking about their heated conversation.
“Pilar has informed me that the new bath I ordered has been fitted. We could try that out as it has the jets for massage, you know, sexy massage,” she said wickedly, grinning to herself.
“That sounds wonderful. I can’t wait to soap you all over,” he said, thinking of her body covered in bubbles.” 
The rest of the sighting mission was uneventful. The target made his way back from lunch in an identical fashion to his leaving. Derek weighed up his options and decided to take the shot on the following day, and before lunch. He didn’t want to be out in the midday heat any longer than was necessary. 
He trudged across the high ridge back towards the meeting place where Sofía had earlier dropped him off. It dawned on him how his English skin was not made for this prolonged exposure to heat and feeling a little lightheaded, he realised he needed to get into some shade.
During his coach journey and since, he had puzzled about the shutters he saw on nearly all the windows in and around the villages. Initially, he thought they were just decorative, like the typical Spanish houses you would see in films, but he now realised they were there for a good reason. The sensible Spanish people were comfortably behind them, closed in during the hotter parts of the day.



After an embrace with Sofía, he sat in the passenger seat as she drove the Mercedes, and still under the baking sunlight, he dozed off in a stupor of tiredness and heat exhaustion.  
“Silly Englishman!” she muttered, realising he hadn’t taken any sun protection at all and was now suffering the consequences.


 
Chapter 20

The sun had its revenge on Derek, who stayed in bed for most of the following day due to his prolonged exposure. It meant delaying the job, but one more day wouldn’t make any difference. Sofía had a full bar for most of the day anyway but managed to keep an eye on him, taking up food and drinks. Pilar also popped up to check on him now and again. She crept in, smiled, and kissed him on the forehead, showing her true kind nature.  
The next day, feeling somewhat spritelier, he went into the car park for a cigarette to find it unusually overcast. The air felt different, which made him think of the depressing grey of Britain. It looked as if there would be some rain in the mountains that day. 
Although not a common occurrence in that part of the world, it was a golden opportunity for him to carry out Pablo’s task at a temperature to which he was more accustomed.
He and Sofía had talked whilst he recuperated, and Sofía had explained how she was now the boss and didn’t really want to be.  
With a heavy heart, she pointed out that she had no choice as the family business had to be looked after, and it was down to her as she was Pablo’s only child. 
She said that if there were any chance that her father would come back, even if he used a wheelchair which looked highly likely, she would encourage him so that she could get her life back. However, she would have to forget that for the time being as she was the boss, and Derek agreed with her that they should look after her father’s business, which gave her some comfort.
Derek found it a relief to know that Sofía was in charge as she would be able to keep Enrique under control, especially as he appeared to become more and more psychotic every time they met. He could see straight through the façade that Derek was putting on, and pretty much had done from the start, even if Sofía couldn’t see it or at least not in the same way as he did.
Despite his debilitating injury, Pablo was by no means out of the picture. 
Sofía regularly reported to him, which she was happy to do. That fitted in with her long-term plan to get him back in the driving seat. He made suggestions to her which were veiled orders on what he wanted to be done. He had also said that Derek must carry out his current task and any that he was given in the future. She assured him that she would do everything he asked of her and that the business would be safe.
By mid-morning, the rain was very light and almost misty, and the temperature was beginning to rise, making it very humid, more like a jungle than Spain. Derek packed his rifle with a carton of bullets. Although he should only need one, he thought it better to be prepared. 
 He considered taking the camper van and parking up in the mountain lay-by he had visited earlier. However, Sofía insisted on dropping him off as she thought that a vehicle sitting there on its own might attract attention. 
Derek was unaware that a parked vehicle was what had alerted her to the sniper who would have taken him out. 



Sofía obviously didn’t want him to be caught in the same way, although that was very unlikely as this was a non-mob related job which held no risk of retaliation.
Like Enrique and her father, Sofía didn’t feel Derek was truly cut out for this type of work, and she worried as to whether it would compromise her current position as boss.
 “See you later me old mate,” she said, dropping him off in the lay-by.
“Okay. I will call you when I am done and you can be here quickly?” he questioned, with a smile at Sofía’s’ attempt to speak the English slang that they had talked about the day before.
“Yes, of course, I will not be far away.” she replied as he made his way across the road, checking the time on his phone and starting his way up the crude stone pathway and out of sight into the mountainous area.  
He took more care than on his previous sighting visit, not wanting to fall again, especially fully loaded. After about ten minutes of scrabbling around the rocks, and well away from any semblance of a pathway, he found the flat position he had used on his previous visit. 
He lay out a tartan blanket as though he was going to have a picnic, but this was no such thing as his bag contained the sleek but deadly rifle and ammunition.
He set up the weapon and fitted his telescopic sight, then checked the service station deep down on the main road. There was no movement, and he wondered if the place was closed until he saw a vehicle pull onto the forecourt and start filling with fuel. It was now 11.30, and he would only have to wait a short while before the target left for lunch. The sun was now starting to show through the patchy areas of light rain, and the humidity was increasing, making him clammy, but he remained focused. 
He sat for a while, looking through the sight and thinking about how humans were all pretty much the same. Here he was, miles and miles away from the old house and the council offices next to the burger bar, but people still milled in and out, going about their business, like little ants. He wondered if it were a perspective that you could only get when you looked through the sight of a rifle. He watched a group of Spanish girls, or at least he thought they looked Spanish, get out of a van remarkably like his own although it was somewhat cleaner, and the paintwork was in better condition. The girls, for some reason he couldn’t work out, having got out of the side door of the van, all piled back in again giggling.
Derek stood up, leaving the rifle on its side, ready for use. He wasn’t keen on the support legs that could be used on the front of the barrel of many of this type of firearm. Although this was a help to many snipers, he preferred to hold the rifle himself, usually on any natural feature, in this case resting on the flat rock surface. His technique seemed to work well, apart from the burger bar, which he blamed on the house’s old sash window and wooden box.
Having eaten two bananas, he lay back down, checked the time on his phone, and peered again through the sight at the target’s car, which was parked in its usual spot, although a little closer to the office than on his previous visit. 
He rechecked the time, and it was only a matter of five minutes before he would have to finish the job.



He loaded a round into the rifle and prepared to shoot.  
The office door opened almost the second that the clock struck 12.30, and out stepped the man Derek was waiting for. After struggling with the handle, he locked the door and turned around as usual to go to his car. This was it! Derek breathed in and slowly exhaled the long breath to stabilise his finger, which was now gently pulling on the black metal trigger. There was an audible click, but not the usual cracking sound.
Realising the bullet hadn’t fired, Derek moved his head slightly to the left to look down the side of the rifle in an automatic response to the lack of the noise he had expected to hear. A moment later, the rifle issued a sharp crack, as though doing its own thing. In the few seconds since he had pulled the trigger, although it seemed much longer, the rifle had sustained a “hang fire” where the bullet fails to discharge normally and can take several seconds before it does fire.
Derek had never experienced this before and looked at the side of the rifle again in puzzlement as the sound of thunder rumbled somewhere in the distance. 
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see flames. Quickly looking through the rifle sight, he could see that there was pandemonium at the service station. The target was running around like a headless chicken, trying to get staff to fetch buckets and a fire hose.
His arms were flailing like a windmill, and Derek’s eyes bulged with disbelief as the stark reality dawned on him that it wasn’t thunder. The staff were vainly throwing buckets of water over the corner of the office building and hosing down the gas tank next to it which had been hit by the bullet. It was shooting liquid flames like those from a flame thrower and sending bits of metal flying everywhere. It looked like a sausage that had split during cooking. 
The burger restaurant window flashed through his mind, and Derek couldn’t believe his luck or lack of it.
“Fucking hang fire and shit bullets!” he cried out realising the problem. 
How on earth was he going to explain a hang fire to Sofía and Enrique, who would now surely try to kill him. It was genuinely no fault of Derek’s that the bullet didn’t fire instantly, but he realised that he had made a stupid mistake and forgotten his training. 
He should have kept aiming at the target beyond the time it could take for an issue like a hang fire and then deal with the problem.
He couldn’t think of any excuse to give Sofía other than a partial truth, and he hoped that she would believe him. He called her on the phone and told her there was a problem with the rifle, and he needed picking up now. He would explain the situation then. 
Luckily for him, there would be no police involved as the staff at the filling station thought that the gas tank must have been faulty and blown up for some reason, especially as the handyman had been fiddling with it a couple of days before.
Sofía watched as Derek walked back over the ridge and realised that he was stressed. At first, she thought he hadn’t been able to pull the trigger, but then why not? After all, he was a sniper. 
She tried to act like the boss but realised that she couldn’t and threw her arms around him. 



“Tienes un problema, mi amante?” she said, reverting to her natural tongue due to the worried feeling she was getting, and fearing that Enrique may be right after all.
“I understand, and yes, I am afraid I do have a problem. I have let down you and your father!” he replied as she was about to translate what she had said into English.
“How? Did you miss the target?” she asked.
He gave her a look, which she understood.
“No, you didn’t, you are too good with the shooting for that, so what happened?” 
“I got a hang fire” he said in desperation.
“Is that not a, you know, a problem in your head?” she enquired worriedly, confusing a hang fire and hang up.
“No, nothing like that.” he replied and went on to explain what a hang fire is but changing the story slightly. He said that he had waited for the bullet to fire, and due to the delay, the rifle must have moved slightly off target when it did discharge. By the time he had reloaded, there were too many people running around, and the target was out of view behind petrol pumps which he couldn’t risk also blowing up and killing innocent people.
“Oh, I see, it is okay. I suppose these things happen. Don’t worry; I will deal with it,” she said, realising that if she mentioned it to her father or Enrique, that would only make matters worse. She could see from the lines on his forehead how much he was worried, and he kept repeating that he had let her down. 
She quickly said to him “Look, I have been thinking about us taking a couple of days break away, maybe longer, for me to get used to being how you say, the Matron? What do you say?”
“It’s Matriarch, not Matron, Sofía. Matron is a senior nurse.” he said to her with a slight smile, not realising how relieved he was to get away from another failed mission. “Yes, it’s a good idea. Where shall we go?” 
She realised he was back with her, which made her happier.  
“Firstly, please do not worry, I will get Enrique to sort the salesman out. He will be more than pleased to do it” she said, kissing him meaningfully.
As she turned and walked towards the car, he followed, and despite the last thirty minute’s events, he could imagine her walking in her bra and suspenders and realised he wanted her again, but first he had to get home, as he now called it, and clean up.
“I think it would be fun to go to Tomatina in Buñol, I missed it last year, and then we could spend a couple of nights in a nice hotel in Valencia. It isn’t really far away, only about one hundred kilometres.” she continued.
“What is Tomatina?” he enquired.
She explained that it was started over a dispute in the town, and the people then began to throw tomatoes at each other from a local stall. From this, people began to do it every year, and although it was banned for a while, it is now popular, and people come from all over the world to throw tomatoes at each other for one hour.
“Bloody hell, you lot are mad, but it sounds great. Let’s go!” he said with a grin on his face.  



“Okay good, it is always on the last Wednesday of Agosto, sorry August in your English, which is next week. We will need to take clean clothes as it is filthy with the tomatoes, and then we go to a nice hotel I know in Valencia city. You like the idea Del?” she asked.
“Yes, a break like that would be perfect,” he replied, realising he needed a few days off, which he thought was very ironic since his whole adventure in Spain so far was a break itself. She drove back to the bar with her hand on his leg to comfort him, when it wasn’t needed to change gear.
“Hola Sofía, your father has tried to reach you on your mobile and couldn’t, so he telephoned here and wants you to call him back,” said Pilar as they walked back into the bar. 
“Okay, thank you,” replied Sofía, kissing Pilar as she passed her on the way upstairs. 
Derek left his packed-up rifle in the Mercedes boot whilst he took a relaxing cigarette outside near the big drop. 
After finishing the long cheap cigarette, he opened the car boot again, picked up his bag, and checked Sofía’s gun was safely stored away.
Sofía had given Derek a spare key to the lock on the metal box in which the bullets were also kept. She thought he could use it if he ever needed it, and Enrique came into her mind.
Making his way up the stairs and dragging the edge of the rifle bag on the dusty old stone wall, he entered the room to see a very red-faced Sofía drinking a glass of wine of which she held out another for him.
“Sorry Del, my father knows you didn’t do the job,” she said in a worried tone as she watched his reaction.
“Fuck!” was his simple reply as his stomach knotted instantly.
“It’s okay, he is fine. I explained that the rifle didn’t work properly, and it will need to be taken apart,” she added to calm the situation down.
Derek thought how smart she was not to tell her father in exactly the way he had told her, and then he wondered why he didn’t come up with that excuse. In truth, Pablo wasn’t fine at all and had argued with Sofía, expressing his feelings to her, and stating that he wanted the stupid Englishman out of the way. He finally calmed down when he was told Sofía’s version of events. She had gone on to tell him that she would get Enrique to sort it out while the rifle was being fixed as she wanted the job completed quickly.
This impressed him, and he was pleased she was able to deal with it. He also thought it would be a good idea for them to take a few days break, although he stressed that he wanted her back in four days and no more. Sofía knew she had made a smart move, but Enrique would not believe a word of it, and his inner dislike of Derek would grow even more. However, he would do as he was told, and he would be sweetened up by the fact he would be able to show to Pablo that he had dealt with the garage owner, which would help take his aggressive mind off the issue.
“How did he find out? We have only just got back” Derek asked puzzled.
“A friend of Enrique’s was leaving the service station at the time it happened and was nearly caught by the blast. He then mentioned it to Enrique as he works near his villa,” she answered.



“Well, I guess Enrique couldn’t wait to tell your father,” Derek replied tersely.
“Enrique thought that you might have tried to use explosives or something to kill him and realised you hadn’t as his friend clearly described the owner waving his arms about at the front of the station. Papa then rang me,” she finished. 
The day finally settled down. They made their way to the bar and sat with some of the locals and washed away the day’s thoughts with a bottle of Cava followed by three bottles of Amstel beer, which Derek had now adopted as his favourite drink. 
The thoughts of Sofía in her underwear and the plans he had made to pounce on her when he got the chance, were washed from his mind as finally they both lay on the bed and fell asleep, tired and comfortably numb.



 Chapter 21

The last Wednesday of August dawned, and the car was ready for the short trip up to Valencia. Sofía had asked to see Enrique and told him that in future, if he has anything to report, he comes to her first and not to bother her father. She had put him in his place and he genuinely apologised to her, almost like a scolded child, which came as a surprise.
She then made his day by telling him that now he was the one to take out the garage owner, which he promptly did. Having waited for the staff to go home at the end of the day, he walked into the owner’s office, shot him dead with a silenced pistol, and calmly left the premises. Nobody was aware of the killing until the body was found over fourteen hours later.
“You look very relaxed,” Derek said to Sofía as they drove out of the car park, waving to Pilar, who had again been left to look after the bar.
“Do I?” she said, concentrating as she overtook a large, slow lorry that was holding up the Mercedes.  
After what seemed like no time at all, as Sofía liked to put her foot down and go fast when she could, they were driving into the outskirts of Buñol. 
Passing between lines of small industrial buildings on either side of the road, Sofía wove her way into the town centre and managed to park the car as close to the square as possible. She knew that it had become so popular that you needed tickets for the festival, but on her last trip, there were so many people there that she walked straight in amongst the crowds and avoided the ticket staff just as she and Derek were now doing.
He wore a pair of shorts and a t-shirt with Black Label Society printed boldly on the front, demonstrating his interest in heavy metal music. She wore tight-fitting shorts and a tight t-shirt, highlighting her figure, which had already started to attract showers of soft tomatoes. They were already ten minutes into the one hour which had started at eleven o clock. 
Derek didn’t know what to make of it at first but watching the fun people were having he pondered how refreshing it was not to see any aggression showing in their faces.
He reflected that if this were his local town back in England, the fun would have turned to violence within minutes. Someone would take offence, and it would more than likely have led to blood everywhere, rather than the tomatoes that were now raining down on both of them. 
One young man could only be seen from the knees up as the deluge of tomatoes, brought in by the truckload, slowly rose like an incoming tide.
Derek had to grab hold of Sofía a few times as it was becoming very slippery, but this didn’t seem to bother anyone, and they were both totally relaxed in the controlled mayhem. Sofía had not seen Derek laugh in that way before, and she liked it. 
By now, there were trails of tomato sludge in her hair, and the red juice had plastered her clothes to her body. Derek noticed that quite a few young men watched her, and he felt lucky that she was there with him. 



Suddenly Sofía saw his face change to one of concerned concentration as he screwed his eyes up and leaned his head to one side as though he had an itch in one ear.
“Are you okay, did you get a tomato in the eye?” she shouted so that he could make out what she was saying.
“No, it’s just that I can hear a familiar voice” he shouted back as Sofía carried on throwing tomatoes, not hearing exactly what he had said.
Despite the volume of the mainly Spanish phrases he could hear between the shouts of laughter, he couldn’t mistake the sound of a Birmingham accent and turning in the general direction of the sound he was shocked at what he saw.
In a small but visible gap in the crowd stood Thelma, up to her knees in the liquid sludge, with her top pulled up and two young men rubbing tomatoes over her naked breasts.
“Come on, don’t you waste them tomatoes boys, rub ’em in well!” Derek could just make out what she was saying. 
He stared at the scene with horror, unable to suspend his disbelief that Thelma was still roaming around Spain. Grabbing Sofía’s hand, he tried to move into a nearby side street but only succeeded in pulling them both over so that they slid down the road like a log flume on a tomato river. 
Derek breathed a sigh of relief as Thelma disappeared into the distance. He was concerned that he might have hurt Sofía in the fall, but he need not have worried. She laughed helplessly, and as they managed to stand up safely, she started to squash tomatoes in his hair and kiss him at the same time.
As the crazy hour ended, he looked around and grinned with amazement at these brilliantly mad people who had given him such fun. There were many attractive young ladies who, like Sofía, were covered in tomatoes, and some people had white eyes that peered out of red faces where they had worn swimming goggles to protect their sight.  
Then local people suddenly appeared with hoses and started to help wash down with clean water some of the twenty-two thousand revellers. Others decided against the hose treatment and made their way to the local pool to rinse off.
Still laughing, Sofía and Derek made their way back to the car and, still in their wet clothes, drove in the hot sun to Valencia City. 
 Eventually, after a pleasant but sticky trip, they pulled to a stop at the Westin Valencia Hotel, gave the Mercedes key to the parking attendant, and carried in their own hand-luggage. 
They were now only slightly damp, but Derek feared they would be refused entry to the hotel as they did look a little like tramps.
His fears were soon allayed as the Concierge at the very plush hotel said, “Ah! Miss Muñoz, how are you? I can bet it was the Tomatina! Now, what room did you book?”
“We will be taking the Presidential suite thank you,” she replied to the smartly dressed young man.
“Very good. Please let us take the cases for you and show you to your room.”
Derek followed her like a lost child. He couldn’t believe the grandness of the hotel. While twisting his head to look up at the delicate carvings on the ceiling, he walked clumsily into the back of a plush leather chair in the foyer.



“Let’s go and get a nice shower, and we can test the bed, and perhaps some food and wine,” Sofía said to him, grabbing his hand to steer him back on course.
“Yes, anything. I’m still buzzing from the tomato fight,” he smiled back.
Sofía was not the sort of person to demonstrate her wealth, but Derek was now realising that this seemingly humble woman from a small bar in the mountains commanded respect wherever she went. Most men would be scared off by her wealth and confidence, but it changed nothing about the way Derek thought of her. To him she was still just Sofía. 
The evening air heralded a gentle warm breeze, so after dining like royalty on lobster in the hotel restaurant, they decided to take a walk. Ambling around streets in stark contrast to the rocky environment to which they were used and strolling down through a long line of Chinese shops and stores to the main road, Sofía explained that this was the city of the festival called Fallas.  
For much of the year, craftsmen and women laboured to make fantastically large and brilliantly sculptured figures made of polystyrene, wax, and paper. 
Sofía got the pictures on her mobile phone, stopping to show him and pointing to how high they reach in the surrounding streets and how they are all burnt during the festival.
They continued their walk, and as they passed a British School, she commented that her own school had been very similar to this one, and when she was younger, they would often compare themselves to the high level that this Valencian school managed to attain.
“If it’s a British school, isn’t it full of English children then?” enquired Derek.
“No, they are mostly Spanish, but we learn the English lessons, that’s why I can talk with you with no problems,” she said in a showy-off manner.
The evening wore on, and after their long walk, they both lounged in the soft chairs on the balcony of their suite overlooking the city. Having started the second bottle of Sofía’s usual wine, which the hotel stocked in abundance, the alcohol was sending them into that comfort zone which in turn led them into an important and quite deep conversation.
Sofía was concerned and had been for some time, about Derek’s attitude to her sexual nature. She was happy that he said he was okay with it, but she wanted to talk a bit more about it so they could put the topic to rest for good, or so she hoped.  
The discussion started with a confession about which she thought Derek would be angry, but outwardly he seemed fine.
She explained that an old friend had visited one day whilst he was out. Sofía was unable to control her needs and took the friend to the bedroom. 
She apologised and realised she should have told Derek earlier, but it meant nothing, just normal behaviour to her.
However, despite this, she promised that from now on she didn’t want to fuck anyone else without Derek being present, and at least watching if not joining in and that he would abide by the same rules. Having agreed, Derek felt much more secure as they would keep each other’s feelings in mind, and for Sofía, this was a positive step.



As though sealing the deal, they then retired to the bedroom, where they made passionate love and she again wore out the last bit of energy he had.
The trip to Valencia had been perfect for them both. They had straightened out the sex issue and discussed further her role as boss. Without any prompting from Sofía, Derek had suggested he take a bit more of a break from work, and he would help around the bar instead if she were okay with that. He suggested that he would like to go and visit some places to get to know Spain better. She was perfectly happy with this and told him that she would put Enrique onto anything that may come up over the few weeks Derek would be taking off from the world of sniping.


 
Chapter 22

The Mercedes coasted into its usual spot outside the bar as if on autopilot as the sun was again beating down, baking all life on earth.
Derek stepped through the doorway into the bar, with Sofía following behind carrying her small travel bag and smoking a cigarillo. She eyed the bar as she always did, scanning for any major changes, and all seemed well apart from the fact that it was a little quiet, and that Jabier was sitting with a strange-looking woman.
“Hi Chica!” said Sofía, giving Pilar a hug.
“Who is with Jabier, she looks a little strange?” Derek commented discreetly under his breath.
 “Okay, let me get us all a drink, and then you can give me the full events,” said Sofía to Pilar.
Derek took their bags upstairs then came back down to his bottle of Amstel, which had already been put out for him by the tired-looking Pilar.
“Thank you, Pilar,” he said, slumping down in the chair leaning against the wall.
Both women were now deep in conversation and well into the bottle of wine they had plucked from behind the bar.
Derek decided to leave them to it and go and sit in his favourite seat in the car park, which he had missed whilst away. As he walked out, he heard one of the locals prompting Jabier to get Sid out.
“No, no, he must stay in basket, he is bad snake,” said Jabier, but eventually, when given a five euro note, he gave in.
“Okay, once more then,” he agreed, lifting the lid off the worn-out old basket. Jabier had never realised there was a small hole in the bottom, which Sid used to his own advantage and was his preferred escape route.
Pilar was keeping one eye on Sid as she brought Sofía up to date. “Well, things have been good, and we have been full, especially last night, but I had to send Jabier home. A couple was sitting over the far side of the bar, and the woman thought her husband was rubbing her leg, only to find it was Sid getting comfy. So, there is big panic and the woman left, so I said perhaps he should finish early and go home,” said Pilar, eventually pausing for breath. “I think he is not happy with me as he today says he is leaving with this woman, and we can have peace, and he has been very quiet and only just started to charm Sid.”
“Hey, no problem I will deal with this,” Sofía said. She walked across the bar and sat down with Jabier and the odd-looking woman who had frizzy hair sticking out everywhere and dressed like a nineteen-sixties hippy.
Jabier explained that he was leaving as he had met Miss Uno, and they had found “feelings of the heart.” He explained how she loved snake charming and used the name of a famous female charmer from many years ago. 



He waved at Pilar and reassured Sofía that there was no problem between them as he had already planned to move on with Miss Uno.
“Well Jabier, we will miss you, and you will be welcome back anytime, although you might want to get Sid first” she said, laughing at the empty basket. Sid had again escaped because they had been talking for so long that Jabier hadn’t been concentrating.
Jabier and Miss Uno stood up like synchronised dancers as they could hear muffled sounds in the car park and thought it was Sid scaring visitors. 
“Hey, anyone there?” came a distant voice from somewhere. They searched around the car park, but there wasn’t a soul to be seen.
“Over here, help” came the muffled voice again. Still listening, Jabier tip-toed cautiously across the car park as though he was walking through a minefield. 
He thought he was imagining things when he saw four white fingers on the rim of the stone seat, and then realised he wasn’t when one of them moved. He peered over the edge to the famous drop below.
“Ah Miss Sofía, Miss Sofía, come quickly! Please, Miss Sofía!” he screamed at the top of his voice.
Both Sofía and Pilar ran out to discover the cause of all the shouting, which could be clearly heard in the bar, and found Jabier running around in a circle pointing at the wall. At the same time, Miss Uno stood there watching the circus-like situation with no expression on her face at all.
Sofía walked casually to the wall expecting to tread on Sid or something, then froze for a second when she saw the fingers of two hands, white and gripping tightly like an eagle’s talons.
She leaned carefully over the edge to see the ashen face of Derek, and without thinking, she barked orders out to Pilar. They each grabbed an arm and pulled his relatively light frame up and over the wall, flopping him onto the tarmac of the car park like a bag of rubbish.
“Del, what were you doing?” she asked.
“Oh, I thought I would just hang around for something to do,” he said sarcastically.
 “That fucking snake! I saw him come over here, and I thought he would go over the edge, then he disappeared into the wall under the seat, so I looked over, but too far,” he explained.
He had been unbalanced by a slight wind which, although not the usual up-thrust found there, was enough to snatch him as he leant over. Luckily, as he fell forward, he managed to twist enough to get a hold on the seat. Panicking, and with his feet going like a cyclist on the tour de France, he managed to find a small piece of rock jutting out which held his weight, and he had been there for a good five minutes when Jabier came into the car park.
After regaining his composure, he stood up. Miss Uno moved toward the stone bench uttering strange noises as though she was trying to hypnotise Derek. In a few seconds, Sid appeared from a hole in the wall and slithered across to her and allowed her to pick him up, as she stroked him like a cat.



“You littley bastard traitor” Jabier said, finding the funny side of the situation as Sid had now shown his allegiance to Miss Uno, who had instantly bonded with the black serpent.
“Thank you, Miss Sofía, for everything; I think this is good thing,” he said, pointing at his female counterpart. They gathered up the old basket, put Sid inside, and drove away, waving for the last time.
Sofía and Pilar waved as Derek sat back in his chair in the sunshine, firmly holding the armrests as though it might slide over the edge. The women both smiled, and Sofía told him to stay in his chair and not go near the wall, as if she were scolding a naughty child. Derek smiled back and waved at Jabier’s rapidly disappearing car with one hand whilst answering his phone with his other, which was still shaking from his mountaineering adventure.
“What the fuck now?” he said, in a delayed release of adrenalin.
“Hey, I heard you that time mate,” said Dave.
“Sorry, I was just on the side of a mountain, and I’m a little raggy mate” replied Derek.
“God that’s nothing Del. I’m in the shit! I need to get away from here. Any chance of coming to Spain?”
“What have you done now?” enquired Derek.
“Unbelievable mate, fucking unbelievable. I answered my door the other day and copped a clout in the balls,” answered Dave.
“What are you babbling on about Dave?”
“A clout in the balls. You know, my wedding tackle. Those bingo bitches found my house, god knows how. 
I answered the door, and one of those massive rock-hard handbags was swung into my nuts,” explained a stressed Dave. “They said that was nothing’ coz if their mate Ada found me, I’d be much worse off. I’m shitting it mate; they are serious.” He stopped to take a breath, and before Derek could respond, he carried on. “Oh, fuck me, there’s an old lady across the road walking down the street. I’d better go; she might be one of them! I’m going to hide in the back room. Think about the Spain idea, please mate!” and at that, the phone went dead. 
Derek pondered that his near fall down a mountain seemed almost minute compared to some aggressive bag-wielding women.


 
Chapter 23

The summer began to head toward autumn, which to Derek seemed to make little difference as it was still hot, although not quite as much at each end of the day.
He and Sofía spent a couple of weeks visiting the local area on day trips. He was like a child on the rides in Terra Mítica, the local theme park, and he loved the nearby aquarium where they watched a show with dolphins and killer whales. However, both were paying more attention to the female presenter’s rounded curves in her wet suit than to the sea creatures’ incredible abilities.
Against Sofía’s better judgement, they spent a few hours in Benidorm, where many establishments were aimed at the English palate. Derek was able to get some proper fish and chips, and it also gave him the chance to show Sofía what a full English breakfast should be like, as he thought that would help sell theirs. 
Despite having a good few hours there, she was glad to get away from “Little Britain” as she referred to it. 
She was a true Spanish girl at heart and did not like the stories from that area regarding some tourists’ outrageous behaviour.
Derek had been working hard behind the bar, which he soon got the hang of, and it helped him develop his Spanish in which he was proudly now getting reasonably fluent. Pilar was pleased to have him help, and he thought how she would be a good girlfriend for someone.  
She was far less regal than Sofía and a down to earth girl, but she did have that certain something. Sofía was able to visit her father or sort out family business with the bar able to almost run itself in Pilar’s capable hands. Pilar was under strict instructions from Sofía to keep Derek away from the wall in the car park.
The sun was still quite hot in the mid-September day and Derek, on one of his breaks, wondered what the winter would be like, especially as Sofía said that they had had snow before at the café and in other parts of the mountains, although it wasn’t a common occurrence. 
The next day, Derek had the Mercedes engine purring like a contented cat as it coasted along the main highway, returning from a visit to a castle he had wanted to look at. As he passed the familiar campsite, he thought he might pop in and say hello to Jenny, but then thought better of it as he might end up doing something he shouldn’t do. He didn’t want to spoil things, especially as his relationship with Sofía was going well, and apart from one session with Pilar again joining in, there had been no other crazy sexual events.
He still had a slight twinge in the stomach when they played, but his fondness of Pilar meant he could keep control of any feelings he had.
So, he continued past the campsite entrance, which now looked rather worn after heavy loads of tourists going in and out of there regularly. Had he been aware that Jenny held quite a grudge against him, and that she willingly helped Jason and Harry with the information she had, he would not have considered it.



He was now on his way home to his faithful old chair in the car park and to Sofía, who had to be at the bar to help Pilar that day because it was usually the busiest day of the week. However, some regulars had stopped coming for their midday drink since Jabier and Sid had left, so the bar had gone quiet and stayed that way for the rest of the day. 
Derek had one job left to do as he pulled into the car park of the bar supplies store. Sofía had ordered some things for the kitchen and bar and explained that Derek would be in to pick them up at some point. He proudly did this, now being able to say in Spanish that he had come for Sofía’s order.  
The young man disappeared into the back, and Derek waited until the youngster appeared again through the front door like a trick by Dynamo the magician. He then said the box with his order was on the back seat of the Mercedes.
“¿Quanto? Derek asked, getting out his wallet.
“Es a cuenta” replied the young man, explaining that it was on Sofía’s account, and Derek didn’t have to pay anything.
“Claro,” Derek said, showing his understanding of what he was told, and again impressing himself with his rapidly developing language skills. He hadn’t been brilliant at school at many things, and he might have passed his studies, but on the day of the exams, he walked into the large hall and fell against a desk, breaking his ankle. As a result, he never did take the exams.
He drove the now-familiar winding road up into the mountains, and at one point he could see the café perched in its own spot out of the way. He thought about stopping and having a go with Sofía’s pistol. He hadn’t done any shooting for a while, and he rarely used a handgun because the rifle was his preferred choice. But the thought of a nice cool Amstel beer diverted him from standing in the sun and shooting at rock targets.
He pulled into the car park and rolled to a stop, noticing how quiet it was. There was only one other car and, of course, his old camper van, which seemed to be enjoying its life in the sun overlooking the mountains.
He picked up the box of supplies from the back seat, dropping a round tin of chocolate powder which rolled under the car. He had to quickly put the box down and chase after the errant tin, which was now rolling toward the drop.
Having retrieved the tin and picked up the box, he entered the empty bar. It felt odd, and there was a ghostly silence in the air, which was once filled by Jabier and Sid’s antics.
“Hola Pilar!” he called, putting the supplies on the bar and waving as he caught a glimpse of her in the kitchen.
He made his way upstairs and crept very stealthily along the passageway, hoping to surprise Sofía with the box of chocolates he had bought her. He carefully peeped around the corner and saw Sofía wearing just a cream coloured corset and black stockings, kneeling on the bed with her back to the door.  
Pedro and a stranger were mauling her body as she rode up and down pleasuring herself.  
Something in Derek’s psyche cracked, and his actions became totally involuntary. Not having been seen by any of them in the bedroom, he quickly and calmly made his way out of the bar and into the car park. 



He was now boiling up inside like the fires of hell. As he came back into the bar, Pilar might have questioned his facial expression had she seen it, but she was still busy in the kitchen.
He made his way back upstairs to discover that Sofía had moved and was now mounted on the stranger, facing the door. She caught sight of Derek as he threw the chocolates against the wall. With lightning speed, he pulled out her silenced pistol from under his shirt and aimed.
His brain was overtaken by the green monster of jealousy, especially with Pedro, that obnoxious prick. Deep down, his heart was torn in two as he gently squeezed the trigger and saw the bullet strike Sofía. For a fleeting second, which seemed like hours, he watched the corset turn red in a fast-growing circle, like a poppy opening in the sunlight, as the blood left her body. He watched agonisingly as her eyes fogged over, and she fell slowly back onto the bed as though she had just laid down to sleep.
He trembled unnoticeably for a while as Pedro and his friend looked on in horror. The gun was still pointing in their direction, so instead of trying to help Sofía, they cowered and tried to get down by the side of the bed for cover.  
Derek was in total breakdown state as he turned quickly and walked down the stairs and out of the bar. He went to the far side of the car park and threw the pistol over the edge, hearing it hit the side of the mountain at the beginning of its long drop down.
He then jumped into the camper van, which he had fortuitously run up the day before to keep the engine in working order. As he raced towards the exit, Pilar came to the door, looking confused but totally unaware of what had happened as the gun’s silencer had muffled any sound from the rooms above the bar. Without thinking, he gave her a short wave that was all he could muster under the circumstances. He realised he would probably never see her again, or any of this life he had got so used to.  
His brain continued to race, bordering on controlled panic, as he realised, he was back to square one, driving away from trouble and not knowing where to go.
After a short time behind the old camper’s steering wheel, his system slowly gave back the use of his brain. All he could think of now was how he had killed the woman he loved, and now the police, and probably Enrique too, would be looking for him. He had that feeling of déjà vu.
He headed toward the main highway and had calmed down a little, but his driving was still slightly erratic as he pulled onto the road going north. This didn’t go unnoticed by the green and white Guardia Civil car, which had now pulled out of its hiding place and was soon in pursuit of the scruffy old looking camper van.  
To the officers in the patrol car, it seemed that at the very least, Derek was drunk, if not under the influence of drugs. This was a gross assumption after they had caught a young man with some cannabis in the back of another similar camper van about ten years before. They pulled Derek over into the next stopping area, and he again dissolved into a panic. Suddenly, he could not retrieve his now proud Spanish vocabulary and could only speak in his own northern English tongue.
"I’m sorry officer, I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to shoot her. I love her!” he said to them, fully convinced they had stopped him for shooting and killing Sofía.



“Ah, you are English sir. I can speak some of your language,” said the younger of the two men.
“Shoot, sir, what do you mean?” the other officer enquired.
“My girlfriend, I have killed her,” Derek blurted out.
It was at that moment that the officers, who had only stopped him for erratic driving and a faulty indicator, realised this was far more, and they suddenly changed their attitude, spun him around, and handcuffed him.
“You will come with us, and we can discuss more.” They were somewhat rough with him as they were fed up with tourists and this was just one more English person they didn’t want to bother with, but as Derek had claimed to have committed a violent act, he was now looking at serving a very long time in prison for murder.  
They took him to the local cells of the Guardia Civil station, which looked more like a row of houses, where he was locked up in a cell next to another man, who bore a passing resemblance to Jabier. Derek found himself hoping there was no snake inside the cell with him.
He felt alone and more stressed than ever and realised that his jealousy had cost him dearly. Why couldn’t he just have accepted how Sofía was? After all, she did warn him. They had reached an agreement, but she had broken her promise, which was devastating to Derek whose sense of honour and taking someone at their word was important.
This was made worse by the fact that she had committed this treachery with the unlikeable Pedro and his mate, who had only come along at Pedro’s insistence because he wanted to see Sofía used like a whore. 
Derek’s stomach felt as though it was spinning and ripping itself and his heart apart at the same time. No matter how he tried to justify it, he had done an evil thing, and he would now have to pay for it.  
The officer shoved some slices of Manchego cheese and Serrano ham with a stale bread roll on a plate through a flap in the cell wall for him. He realised how hungry he had suddenly become as he forced the food into his mouth quicker than he normally would, coughing on the dry roll as he did so. He looked at the bare walls and wondered how many other people in his predicament had stared at the same dirt spots speckled all over the old paintwork. He was left there, without any interview or human contact, for some time. It was far from what Derek had imagined, and it certainly wasn’t like the programmes he had seen on the TV.  
He considered shouting for the guard and demanding his one phone call, if that existed here, but dismissed the idea, thinking “What’s the point? Who have I got to call? A pissed-up mother or a friend who is running around scared of some women from the local bingo hall.”
He lay down on the hard bed with his head swirling, and then he thought of the camper van and remembered he heard one of the officers radioing to ask for it to be removed from the roadside.
He supposed he wouldn’t be getting in it anytime soon, and despite the stress of the day, he somehow managed to doze off to sleep, as though his body was shutting down to recover its stability.



“Hey Inglés!” 
Derek was awoken by prodding in his leg as he came to, feeling as if he had slept for days. One of those thoroughly refreshing nights of sleep, which makes you feel great when you wake up. However, he didn’t feel great for long as the Guardia officer kept poking him with a long black ominous-looking baton.
“You come with us, eh Mr. Derek,” the officer said, reading his driving licence which they had retrieved from the camper van.
“Fucking hell, firstly it’s Mr. Del now Mr. Derek. I do have a surname!” thought Derek, nearly shouting it out loud.
He got up from the hard bed, wondering how he had managed to have such a good sleep on it, and followed the officer. As he did so, the man in the next cell realised he was English.
“Hey English, you want some smoke? You know, Marijana?”
“You mean marijuana you knob, and no thanks I don’t,” Derek replied.
He was escorted out of the cell down a thin, badly painted corridor, which eventually opened out like going through a narrow cave into an underground cavern. 
Again, the large echoing room was sparsely decorated with tiled flooring and a notice board, with photographs of proud patrolmen in best uniform pinned to it. He sat on a chair in front of an older man who looked like he had eaten too many bocadillos. 
He filled the chair, jamming himself in-between its arms, and leant towards Derek across an old antique desk.
“I am Capitán García. My men stopped you for driving problems, but then you tell them you have shot somebody?” he said, looking puzzled.
Derek quickly realised he should have kept his mouth shut when he was stopped, at least for a while, until he had calmed down. However, it didn’t matter now as he was convinced that he would have probably been caught eventually.  
It was time to face the music as the saying goes and hope the Spanish legal system would understand his rather weak reason for shooting somebody, a Spanish national at that. 
He told them everything in detail as the Captain sat there, shaking his head from side to side, as though he did not believe what he was hearing, and that Derek was a lying idiot.
The other officer in the room, who was of a lower rank, was also sighing and showing his contempt for this silly stranger. Derek felt he was in for it and would be carted off to some prison, and the panic set in again as he thought once more of the Count of Monte Cristo, or some big bloke trying to treat him like his bitch, like he had seen on films. His one consolation was that he would be behind bars and away from an even worse fate, and that was that Pablo would by now have every one of his men, including the psychopathic Enrique looking for him.
“Well Inglés we put you back in your room, or how you call it, cell, and we can hold you for setenta dos ehh..72 hours, but tomorrow I get the courts to extend so I can look into you better,” said the Captain, completing his interview in reasonably good English.



As he signed his name on the statement sheet, he finally explained to Derek that he could make a phone call if he wanted to, which Derek declined. Although the Captain didn’t believe a word of Derek’s confession, he was duty-bound to hold him for long enough to check out his story. Due to understaffing and his officers being spread rather thinly at present, there would be no great rush, and he would look at the case again in a few days, by which time Derek would be totally stir crazy.
Luckily, Derek had managed to persuade the guard to find him an English book to read.
He was given a teenager’s book called ‘The Rosie Plan’ to pass the long time in the cells, which gave him some escape from his situation.
The next morning Derek was given a basic breakfast of toast and coffee instead of the full English that he now imagined Pilar cooking for him. The door was opened and, despite having a small sink in every cell, the guard escorted him to what looked like a washroom with a shower and watched as Derek washed with the towel and soap which was provided for him. 
On completion, he was then briskly taken in handcuffs outside into the warm daylight and into a big Nissan vehicle in the same colours as the smaller car he had arrived in. 
They took a short five-minute drive, passing some palm trees gently swaying, and looking up at them Derek hoped that he would have as good a view from the cell in which he would probably spend the rest of his life. He had heard from someone down the pub back home that you usually didn’t get out of foreign prisons, or at least not for a long time.  
The car pulled up to an attractive courthouse with the Spanish flag standing proud on the flagpole. Derek was immediately taken along a circular corridor, which was in stark contrast to the Guardia station. The carpeted floor and ornate walls, adorned with works of art, led straight into a court of granite-faced people who looked as if they were waiting to stone him to death, or something worse.   
Derek looked at the man he assumed to be the judge, as he occupied the largest chair on a raised platform slightly above the others. He very quickly read and approved the Captain’s request to extend the custody period. The judge casually treated this as just another drunken tourist situation until he read the word “shooting”, and then his mind was instantly made up.
The paperwork was stamped with several individual stamps and passed back to one of the nearby Guardia men.  
Derek was hauled back to his “room”, as the Captain had amusingly referred to it. He found the waiting unbearable and wondered how long it would be before he would know in which horrible prison he was going to end up. He would rather get on with it and face his crime than be in limbo, especially with the man in the other cell still trying to sell him all manner of drugs from cannabis to pills. The stranger said that he could get him anything he liked when he got out. He explained that he was nearly at the end of his seventy-two-hour maximum custody period, and they hadn’t been able to charge him as they could not find the stash of drugs buried in his backyard.


 
Chapter 24

For once, Enrique let his brain do the thinking. He called all the local police stations posing as a concerned citizen with a story about someone driving a camper van dangerously who had nearly hit several people in his local town. His lies paid off handsomely as he was eventually passed through the office system and connected with an officer at the Guardia Civil, who asked Enrique what the vehicle looked like. Although he had never seen Derek's camper van he was able to give a vague description of it and a slightly more detailed description of Derek. The Guardia officer said that he needn’t worry, as they had apprehended a man of that description driving the same type of vehicle, and he was in custody at their station.
Derek lay with his head on the hard pillow, which was now starting to smell for some strange reason he couldn’t fathom out. He was getting used to his bleak surroundings, but the bed felt less comfortable with each passing hour. 
At one point, he wondered if he may be going a little bit mad as he had now been locked up for ten days with the Captain making little progress.
After finishing the teenage novel, he managed to persuade the guard to find him another book, but this one was in Spanish, a fact which the guard initially found amusing. Not wanting him to get enjoyment from the situation, Derek feigned understanding, and as the guard passed, he could be seen smiling and leafing through the pages as he read. This took the fun out of the guard’s game, and although Derek could fathom out some of the text written in small print on dull coloured pages, he didn’t show just how much he was struggling with it, especially as he no longer had his trusty translation book. In his mind, he could see Sofía helping him understand it, but instead she was now gone, all because he couldn’t control his jealous behaviour.
His neighbour in the next cell had instigated regular conversations with Derek, who had grown used to this very talkative man called Aryn, who had emigrated from Morocco and settled in Spain. Although sometimes when Derek wanted to get some sleep, as he often did to try and pass the time, he found him very irritating, but he had generally become glad of the company. 
Aryn had stopped trying to sell Derek drugs because he realised he was wasting his time as neither of them would get out of the cells anytime soon.
Aryn’s plans to be out within seventy-two hours were foiled at the last minute as the Captain had sent his men around to his house, delaying Derek’s investigation even further. They dug up several areas in Aryn’s garden, and eventually the dusty old patch of ground gave up its secret stash of various drugs, sealed in containers waiting to be sold. This would usually mean a lengthy prison sentence for the very laid back and talkative Moroccan. Still, the Captain did his best to get him sent back across the sea from Gibraltar to his home country, never to be allowed back into Spain.
Even with the moonlight of the early hours of the morning, the cells of the station were dark, and Derek was in a deep sleep with his book on the floor and his arm dangling over the edge of the bed where he had fallen to sleep hours earlier.


 
He was jolted violently awake and could see the outline of two people in the darkness.  
He then felt a hood go over his head, shrouding him in total blackness. He was spun around, and his hands were bound behind his back with some sort of plastic strap that cut into his wrist.
Protesting in the best Spanish he could manage, interlaced with the odd English expletive, he asked to speak to the Captain. No reply came as the two sets of hands, moving him quickly, almost lifted him off his feet. He correctly guessed by the echoing sound that he was being taken down the corridor he had been through when he went to the Captain’s office.
He wondered how this would work out and believed that the Captain would mistreat him, but why? After all, he had confessed to his serious crime. Then he was turned sideways and pushed through what he guessed was a doorway, and the temperature seemed to drop a little. The ground surface changed, and he realised he had been taken outside. He then heard the distinctive sound of a car door opening, and he was pushed inside, banging his head on the roof as he flew face down into what he assumed was the back seat.
Panic coursed through his aching body like it never had before, as his brain was trying to catch up. He was aware that police nearly always protected the head of a prisoner getting into a vehicle to help with their balance, just as the Guardia men had done on his arrest. They usually didn’t put black hoods over a prisoner’s head either. These facts collated in Derek’s mind, and he realised one simple thing, he was now travelling in the back of a vehicle with Enrique! It had to be him, but how had he managed to extricate Derek from what, by comparison, was a safe, comfortable cell?
Derek imagined the Guardia officer lying dead on the floor by Enrique’s vicious hand, but he couldn’t have been more mistaken.  
Pablo had used his substantial powers and influence, even from his bed at the villa. 
Enrique simply walked into the station and gave instructions to the guard on night duty. Pablo had contacted the Captain, and as a result left strict orders with the guard to assist Enrique to remove the prisoner with no questions asked.  
Pablo was riding on the gamble that Enrique was correct, that the prisoner was in fact Derek. The plan was that if it wasn’t their man, then they would simply dump the stranger on the roadside. The Captain was more than happy to get rid of the stupid Englishman, and it also meant he didn’t have to send anyone out to check up on the story as he was convinced it was a load of bullshit. This also benefited the senior officer as it freed him up from more paperwork, and he could put his men to better use.
Pablo had not mentioned his reason for needing a prisoner released but merely said that he wanted to speak with him and that he would return the favour for the Captain, as he had done on a couple of occasions. This was usually in the form of large quantities of brandy, which Sofía would provide from her contacts.
Derek could hear and feel the car moving fast, and as they had been driving for quite some time, he knew he didn’t have long left. Many thoughts raced through his mind; should he have made more effort with his mother? Was Dave now lying in a ditch, as he may soon be, dead from handbag wounds? 



The car began to slow its pace, and Derek could feel palpitations as his heart was pounding in his ears.
“Okay, Enrique, can you take this hood off my head. I am not going to run off, am I?” Derek stressed to his captors.
Excruciating pain shot through his left cheek as Enrique smashed him hard in the face with the butt of his pistol, which he had ready to use whenever he had the opportunity. Derek could feel a trickle of blood down the side of his face as the car again increased its speed. After another fifteen minutes of feeling lightheaded and disorientated by the hood’s blackness, Derek felt the car slow dramatically and rumble over some undulations in the road surface, bounce around, and then pull to a stop with a small skid from the tyres. 
The fusty smelling bag was starting to stick to his face where the blood had run, but the bleeding had now stopped. He was dragged out of the car onto his knees and pulled upright by two sets of hands.  
The quiet, isolated parking area was now showing the first early rays of the day’s sunshine, and it was devoid of even the slightest noise.
The hood was dragged up over Derek’s head as cooler air rushed over his face, hitting the drying wound as his eyes focused on a vicious looking face. 
Enrique was standing in front of him, staring and showing his teeth as though he was about to bite him, with his pistol aimed at Derek’s head.  
Derek stood fixed to the dusty ground and looked down the barrel of Enrique’s pistol. Realising his predicament, he truly believed this was it. It was his time to leave this world, but he didn’t want to die this way in some old disused car park. He would rather not die at all, or at least not yet. He thought briefly of everything that he had loved, and that he wouldn’t beg for his life, he was an English soldier, or nearly, and would die honourably with guts.
He waited for the click of the gun’s hammer to send the bullet smashing through his head, but it never came. With his hands still tied, he was physically spun around by the other man in the car to face the opposite direction, and there stood the one thing he had loved truly in his life. In front of him, to his amazement and total shock laced with confusion and uncertainty, Sofía stood looking both angry and sad.
“Sofía!” Derek said quietly to the woman he had killed and saw slump back onto the bed. Was this an apparition, or had they drugged him somehow? “I’m so sorry, but you …. you broke a promise … and I couldn’t bear it,” he said with his voice slightly croaking.
Sofía stood there, fixed on Derek like a marble statue, as he continued to explain himself and say how sorry he was.
“I am here thanks to Pedro, no thanks to you Del!” she finally sharply replied.
“How? I saw you die, and you were covered in blood!” Derek replied, realising that Sofía was moving uncomfortably due to the bandage strapped around her side, covering the bullet wound. 



“I am fortunate, or should I say you are, that I am still alive, because if not Enrique would have pulled the trigger by now,” Sofía answered as she looked over at her bodyguard, flicking her head slightly to the left to indicate to Enrique to step back and remove the barrel of the gun from the back of Derek’s head.
Her calm exterior was partly due to the painkilling medication she was on and partly due to her not showing Derek how mixed up she truly felt. Her feelings for him were still there, and she had to suppress these and not show them in her face. It was a futile attempt as Derek had already seen softness in her eyes, despite the way she spoke.
“The bullet hit you though.”
“Yes, but the corset I wore, somehow the bone in it made the bullet go at an angle, and it went through me without big problems,” she explained. “But I am in much fucking pain Del, because of you. You tried to kill me!” she exclaimed, leaning back against the side of her Mercedes and cautiously holding her injured side.
At that moment, Enrique became riled and fired a single shot off between Derek’s legs as he now wanted to carry out the final act and finish him for good. However, to his surprise Derek didn’t flinch, and Enrique felt robbed of the panic effect he was looking for. The reason was simply that Sofía and Derek were on another level, and the rest of the world didn’t exist. Here were two people in love who couldn’t be.
They were confused. Sofía would have found it easier to let Enrique end Derek, but she couldn’t, and he couldn’t get past the fact that she had gone back on her promise.
“I am sorry too Del, I understand you were angry, we talked, and I promised you things, but you tried to kill me,” she said softly as a small tear collected in the corner of her eye, causing her to stiffen up again in an attempt to control the situation.
“Sofía, I didn’t mean to kill you, I just aimed at you in anger, my head took control, I’m sorry!” he pleaded.
They stood there for what seemed like a long time, looking at each other, and Derek wanted to go over to her and throw his arms around her and tell her it was all going to be alright, but he knew there was no chance of that happening.
“You have to go, leave Spain Del,” she said with conviction, desperately holding back her feelings.
“I know you can never forgive me, but why must I leave Spain? I could go to the North.” Derek enquired, feeling a little annoyed with her demands.
“We can never be, and we were supposed to be, but you spoilt all of the good we had, and the future you idiot!” she responded, again with a forcefulness that almost made her spit as she spoke.
“The reason you have to go is Papa,” she explained, taking a breath as her wound gave her a sudden jolt of pain.
Derek didn’t have to respond as it was easy for him to figure out, and Enrique was holding himself back a few metres behind him, just itching for an opportunity.
Pablo had immediately put the order out for Enrique to finish Derek. Sofía, despite her feelings, had laid into her father verbally and reminded him she was now in charge of the business, and she explained that although Derek had done a bad thing, she understood why.



 She went on to explain that she had broken a solemn promise to Derek, without telling her stressed father what it was about, and he was none the wiser as to the reason.
Sofía had ended the conversation and only just managed to hold her father off from taking action, with the compromise that she would tell Derek to get out of Spain for good. On this basis, Pablo then used his influence and arranged with the Guardia Captain to allow Derek to be discreetly taken from his cell and disappear.
“Enrique will take you to the station where you can get a train to the airport in Madrid, and you must leave Spain,” she said.
Enrique stepped forward, handing him a package, his wallet, and his passport, which he had left at the bar during his hasty retreat. 
Derek stepped forward, not sure whether to dare to try and touch her to say goodbye. She held her hand out like a policeman stopping the traffic.  
He stepped back and could see a faint tremor in her bottom lip as she was on the point of losing her grip. She must hold on so that at least Enrique would do as he was told.
“Please go. Now!” were her last words to him.
“I’m sorry” he repeated as he was encouraged to sit in the back of the car.
“Enrique put the gun away, untie him and you will make sure he gets on the train safely, do you understand?” she said forcibly to her henchman, as Derek was now seated with the back door shut.
As the car left the dusty car park the day’s sun was in full force, they gave each other a final glance and Derek was now a broken man. 
He felt he wouldn’t resist if Enrique did shoot him on the way to the train. How would he ever recover from this? The thought of going back to the life he had left in Northern England was something he didn’t want. 
In a short time, he would be on his way out of Spain to who knows where.
He was trying to get a hold on himself as the car, somewhat more slowly than before, made its way to the train station. He felt it would have been easier had he killed Sofía. Until today he was starting to process the grief of losing her, but to suddenly be confronted by her, then having to leave her again was more than he could handle.
Trying to suppress the thought of her face as they pulled away from that car park was immensely difficult, but he realised the seriousness of trying to stay in Spain. He knew he had to get to the airport in Madrid and pick a country from the flight boards, buy a ticket, and then he would be out of there for good. 
“Get out, you capullo!” Enrique snarled as they pulled to a stop outside the train station.
“Fuck off you prick!” Derek replied, knowing he was safe now and that even Enrique wouldn’t shoot him here, where people were passing to get to their place of work.
In temper, the driver, who didn’t understand what Derek had said, but was angry because Enrique was angry, skidded away from the station.  
Derek let out a sigh of relief. He now felt safe and free from a life in prison, but very burdened in the heart, and quite insecure again. Having had a taste of the good life for a while, he was now back to square one. 



At least he didn’t have anyone chasing him anymore as most of the loose ends seemed to have wrapped themselves up quite nicely.
Having checked his wallet and been pleased to find that there was cash in it, he bought a ticket from the friendly-looking man behind the glass screen at Alicante Station and waited on the platform. The sleek, fast-looking white train arrived on time, and he pushed his way into the carriage past several people in deep conversation who were blocking the doorway. He slowly moved along several carriages in the busy train, until he found three empty seats with only a middle-aged woman sitting opposite in the fourth seat.  
Despite having cleaned the blood from his face in the station toilet, he realised he might have appeared odd travelling with no bag, and looking a bit scruffy, but he hoped he would have enough money to get some clothes at the airport.
He sat down, opened, and peeked into the package he had been given, in which he found a small fortune. It was obvious from this that Sofía had shown her feelings for him in this subtle way. There was more than enough to get him anywhere in the world and rent somewhere for a while. 
“Hello, are you English?” said the woman sitting opposite.
“Oh, yes, I am, and you are too, obviously, from the Geordie accent. I’m Derek.” he replied.
She introduced herself as Caroline, and they chatted as the train sped through the dusty countryside, swapping stories from their parts of Britain.
She explained that she was on her way back to her house in Sitges, after visiting a friend on one of her regular breaks before going back to work in Sunderland. 
“So, where are you headed then?” she asked Derek.
“Oh, I’m off to Madrid to the airport and out of Spain, maybe to America or somewhere, I’m doing a bit of travelling and sightseeing, that kind of thing.” he said.
“Madrid you say?” responded Caroline.
“Yep, the capital.” he replied, whilst his brain double checked that it was the capital of Spain.
“Well this train is going to Barcelona, not Madrid.” 
“Oh shit! Not again!”

****



Thank you for reading my book, I hope you enjoyed it.
If you are wondering what happened to Dave and whether the Bingo women finished him off, then watch this space!



Thanks!
Stuart Tilley



About the Author

I have always had a big imagination and often wrote at school. I realised then that I wanted to write stories, but it has taken many years to finally sit down and start writing.  I have travelled to many places and was also in the Navy in my younger years, this helps me to write stories which often have similarities and memories to the things I have come across in life.  
 
I was a teacher for several years mainly working in Spain, but I have also taught in other areas and enjoyed this very much. I no longer teach and am now focussing on my writing.
For the future, I hope to get underway with other ideas that I have been wanting to write for a while now, including the continuing story of Dave. 
 
Connect with Me:
Friend me on Facebook: 

https://www.facebook.com/Stuart-Tilley-Books-102653901669666

Or visit my website at  https://dbooks61.wixsite.com/stuart-tilley




