Prologue
BAM! A button was slammed, and at that exact moment, poison started to flow into a tank, contaminating the oxygen inside. At that very moment, a scuba diver began to die. 

Drowning. Drowning. I can’t breathe. Panic sets in. Thrashing. Thrashing. Trying to breathe. Trying to stay calm. Jolting. Jolting. My lungs begin to burst. Screaming. Screaming. My body has given up. Breathing. Breathing. Forcing the water in and out of my lungs. Dying. Dying. Watching the blurred sun above the surface of the water. Hoping. Hoping. As a hand clamps onto my wrist. Blind. Blind. Dead.

Chapter 1
Before it even occurred to me that I had survived, I heard the commotion of different voices and felt a hard surface beneath me. It was cold to the touch and helped soothe my pounding head. I was aware of coughing up water, but I couldn’t open my eyes. I started to panic again, but I couldn’t move. I was aware of everything around me, yet I could not respond. I could hear someone yelling at my face, “Ellie! Talk to me! Say something!” The voice sounded so desperate and so familiar, but I couldn’t say a thing.

We were moving, bouncing up and down; I felt sand lick my face and attempt to bore into my eyes, it hurt, and I wanted to brush it off, but I was still glued to a slightly different surface. Rougher, I could sense people surrounding me and what felt like a potato sack under my head.

Bumping, engine noise, stopping, unloading, voices, calling, trundling, still.

It was bright, too bright. Light shone through my closed eyelids, causing me to try and lift my hands to block it out. Yet, an unseen force kept me paralysed. The surface beneath me was more comfortable than before, and there was something cool on top of me. It felt a bit like a thin sheet. I felt something over my nose and mouth and began to panic. What if it’s stopping me from breathing?! I’m going to die! I tried to scream and resist, but something still paralysed me.

I can’t move, I can’t see, my body doesn’t belong to me. I’m trapped in my own skin, and I’m hoping the kind voices aren’t wolves in sheepskin.

Days passed, and I couldn’t even count them; my only reference was the silence that came over wherever I was and the different levels of light that fought to pass through my eyelids. Sometimes I was visited by familiar voices; other times, someone would speak soothingly to me and then jab a needle in my arm.

Eventually, I opened my eyes. I started to match voices to faces but still couldn’t respond. I couldn’t move, and I had many questions. I worked out that I was in a hospital. The reason was that while scuba diving with my friends, someone had poisoned the oxygen in my tank. I had then spat out the tube, which was supposed to be giving me oxygen, then inhaled water, causing me to blackout. My friend Isla had pulled me from the water, and my boyfriend Benjamin had pushed the water out of my lungs.

Everyone told me I was lucky to be alive; lucky was not the word I would use.

The day was Saturday. Supposed to be a day with no worries, the beginning of the weekend, not that it mattered for me. Suddenly, I saw a face I couldn’t forget even if I were dead. My scuba-diving instructor, Christina Bailey, but I called her Chris. “C-C-Chris,” I breathed, saying my first word since the accident. “So you can talk!” Seeing me hooked up to different machines didn’t seem to faze her; yet again, nothing fazed Christina Bailey. 

“You know,” she began, “They said you couldn’t talk,” her head jolted to the right, the movement beyond her control. “O-only for you,” my voice was croaky, and my words came out slowly and in parts. “Oh, stop being a baby,” I almost laughed, “If I had wanted sympathy, I-I would’ve a-asked for it.” I was stuttering; why was I stuttering? 

She laughed; her laugh was iconic, a high-pitched laugh that made your ears bleed, a laugh that you can’t fake. “I’ll stop going soft on you then,” Her voice was the complete opposite of her laughter, a deep, no-nonsense tone that made you want to cower in fear rather than plug your ears. I had learned to love her strict side; she made me feel safe, as there was nothing fake about her. Chris didn’t lie; she didn’t cheat; she was pure and incredibly hard-case.

“In all seriousness, I cannot have an incapacitated scuba diver on my hands. You’re the top scuba diver in the world right now, and don’t you dare lose that position. I need you up and moving, back in the water by the end of next week.” I searched her face and saw that she wasn’t kidding, “C-Chris, I can’t do that; I-I’m scared.” I hadn’t even begun to dwell on my dance with death, but my nightmares certainly didn’t let me forget it. I had felt my fear build up those past few days, and now even drinking water was a chore; I was too scared of choking on it. “Well, that won’t do; being scared of the water is like being scared of a toe; it can’t hurt you,”
“The n-nail could,” I countered cheekily, but I had stuttered again. Chris seemed to consider something, “Can you sit up?” I shook my head, 
“I can only m-move my head.” Then, she disappeared with no further word, “Chris?” I called after her. Suddenly, I realised what she was doing, Chris knew me inside and out, and she knew that I would want to follow her, to find out what she was doing. Curiosity may have killed the cat, but it was going to get me out of bed.

At first, I focused on my arms, someone had massaged them just this morning, and I started to get some feeling back into them. I tried to move my fingers, and bit by bit, they began to come to life, flexing and moving, cracking as I eased the stiffness out of them. I made a fist; I turned my palm from one side to the other; I put each finger down separately, then back up again. I crossed them and made shapes with them, appreciating every little joint and nerve returning to life. I did one set of fingers, then the other. I was eager to move my arms, so I could feel my skin and not have someone force me to hold their hand.

At first, I turned and flexed my wrist, awakening different parts of my arm, the life seeping slowly back into my limbs. I bent my elbow and almost sobbed at how weird it felt. I realised I wasn’t paralysed, only stiff from over two weeks in stillness and almost mental paralysis. I didn’t want to go back in the water; I didn’t want to touch or swallow the nasty stuff again. I didn’t want to get better.

Eventually, I worked my way up to a sitting position, but my legs proved more difficult. That was when a nurse walked into the room and shrieked in the surprise of me sitting up, startling me and sending the first programmed response coursing through my body. A jump in surprise. At that moment, Chris calmly sauntered into the room, and without a word, looked me up and down, gave a split-second smile, then spoke, “Good, but it could be better.” I only smiled; I knew she was proud.

Chapter 2
The next day, I awoke to find Chris standing at the edge of my bed. My eyebrows knitted together as I struggled to sit up. Chris only watched me. “How-how long have you been st-standing there?” My voice was deep and stuttered more as it was early morning,
“Not long, but long enough to work out that you dribble when you sleep,” I wiped my mouth with my hand; I then looked at Chris in mock contempt. “Jokes aside, let’s get those legs of yours moving; I want you swimming again ASAP,”
“Chris,” I began, “I t-told you, the w-water, it sc-scares me; I haven’t t-taken a shower, the o-only liquids keeping me alive are p-pumped into my arm, and without sc-scuba-diving, who am I?” As much as I tried to stay tough, my voice caught at the end of my sentence. 

Chris’s face softened as she realised what over a week of comatose had hidden from her; how scared I was. Almost drowning and being in a coma were the scariest things I had ever experienced. The fact that my oxygen had been sabotaged by someone who was still unknown freaked me out. The prospect of me possibly being targeted was too much for me to think about, let alone process. And I had always been scared of comas; being trapped in your own body, unable to talk or communicate, the idea was just plain eerie.

Chris drew closer to my bedside then sat by my feet, the woman who had almost raised me in the water looked deep into my eyes, and I looked into hers. Her eyes were a mix of mostly blue with a hint of green, reminding me of the hours I had spent beneath the waves, gazing at the coral reefs and playful fish. Watching sharks circle me or swimming above whales or alongside dolphins. And I realised, deep down, I did want to get better; I did want to heal. I wanted to be still able to retreat beneath the waves when the world above seemed too much, so at that moment I decided, I would try. 

Chris broke eye contact and spoke, “Eliana Gaite, you are the bravest and most talented scuba diver I have ever encountered, and you know I’m not just saying that.” She was correct; I was the top scuba diver in the world, an expert at staying submerged underwater for hours at a time, leading expeditions to wrecks and myths beneath the ocean, and even once joining whales for their migration. I reached forward and clasped both of her hands, “Chris, I’ll t-t-try to get b-better, but getting back in the w-w-water may take some mmmm-more time.” She nodded, then seemed to shed her caring side and got right back down to it. “Right then, you can sit up; now I want you to stand up.”

I was tempted to roll my eyes but eager to at least stand. I whipped the sheet off me and gripped the underside of my thighs, swinging them over the bed. I looked down at the ground in determination. I pointed and flexed my toes, then set one foot on the ground, then the other.

I fell.

Chapter 3
I looked up at Chris, only to see her stifling a giggle. I knew she wasn’t trying to be mean, so I thrust my hand out to her, and she helped me back to my bed.

Over the next few weeks, I had frequent visits from the doctors, counsellors, physiotherapists, and Chris. The doctors would check on my physical state, ensuring the coma hadn’t messed with my brain too much. The counsellors would check on my emotional state, the physiotherapists tried to get me to walk, and Chris gave me attempts at inspirational lectures. My friends came now and then, but University classes had started up again, and instead of being submerged underwater, the university had submerged them under books and papers.

I longed to be out in the world again, and one afternoon Chris rushed into my room, looking quite flustered. “Get dressed, honey, I’m busting you out of here,” after I had gotten over my initial surprise, I smiled mysteriously and said, “Let’s blow this p-popsicle stand!”

I ripped my hospital gown off and snatched my clothes from the end of the bed. I then threw them on and practically fell into my wheelchair. Chris whipped around my chair then gripped the handles. She made a noise as if revving a motorcycle, then pushed me with such force I almost fell out of my chair.

We raced out of my room, and Christina turned a sharp corner, causing the chair to balance on two wheels. I squealed, one of the only sounds of happiness that had left my mouth in weeks. Christina gave the heartiest laugh I had ever heard her share, then squealed herself. We screeched down hallways, spun around corners, and averted patients and families; luckily, no doctors or nurses met us in the hallways. 

Christina and I burst into the waiting room, housing mainly vacant chairs. Chris slowed down, and I pulled on a bored facade; she then strolled through the waiting room and patiently waited for the automatic doors to open.

They opened. Christina shot out of the hospital. I was free. Free as a bird flying through the air. Free as the wind went wherever it pleased, laughing and slicing my cheeks as my knuckles turned white against the wheelchair’s arms. Free as the untamed stallion, galloping across the plains with its herd in tow. Free as the lion, with nothing to fear but my species. Joy washed over me like a wave, hang on, a wave. Water. Drowning. Fear. Death. “NO!” I yelled. Christina jolted and reflectively put her hand out to stop me from shooting onto the concrete, “Ellie, what’s wrong?” I was suddenly close to tears as we had made it into the bustling town. People were bumping against my wheelchair. Tires screeched. Traffic lights sounded. Christina was trying to get me away from the crowd. The world seemed to spin. A wave. Drowning. Fighting hard. Stay alive. Don’t die. Thrashing. Can’t breathe. Breathing hard. Back to reality.

“Ellie?” I jolted back to where I was. Chris had successfully manoeuvred me into a vacant alleyway. She was crouched in front of me and had one of my hands in both of hers. Her head was shaking furiously. “Earth to Ellie, Ellie come back,” she was clicking her fingers in front of my face and had regained her calm composure; her voice was no longer fearful as my breathing returned to normal, and I finally looked her in the eyes. 

“I’m sorry!” I cried, feeling ashamed of myself; she held tighter onto my hand,
“No, no, no!” She replied, her tone even more sympathetic than before, then it turned firm, “You have nothing to be sorry and nothing to worry about. So, what happened?” I took a long and sustainable breath, “F-first of all, was I discharged before you busted me out of the Hospital?” Chris laughed, a deep laugh this time; I knew she was faking it, “Yes, you were, I promise we are; not on the run from the law.” I forced out a giggle, but I was still shaken. 

There was a long silence, then Chris spoke again, “Did you remember your accident?” I nodded. She rubbed my shoulder then carried on talking, “Might be some mild PTSD; it’ll blow over.” I nodded, but I knew it probably wouldn’t, and even then, I’d probably be sent to a shrink to talk about my feelings and have them take notes in some book. Chris seemed to notice I was thinking straight again, “Do you want to go home? I’ll hail a cab,” I shook my head,
“Let’s grab some foooo-od first,” Chris smiled,
“Donuts?” I snickered then nodded, 
“Donuts.”

Christina whipped off her jacket and helped me put it on; I couldn’t safely be wheeled around in a hospital gown without someone calling the hospital. She then propelled me to the local doughnut shop, “Rockin’ Doughnuts,” famous for their special rock-hard doughnuts. If you can bite a piece out of one, you win $2,000. As far as I’m aware, only two people have successfully bitten into the doughnut, and both ended up chipping their teeth!

Once we entered the doughnut shop, all of my worries melted away. It housed bright pink walls with white booths, tables, and chairs. It had a diverse group of people, including businessmen and women, a desolate teenager listening to music with an apathetic expression on her face, gossiping teenagers, and bustling workers working tirelessly behind the counter, wiping their brows and wishing for the day’s end.

Chris trundled me to a white table, with grey streaks slicing through the white surface. I rested my hand on the table; it was cold, refreshing, like when I dived beneath a wave. Wave. Water. Darkness. Poison. Death. Stop. STOP. STOP! I punched the table with such force that I almost fell out of my chair. Christina caught me and looked into my eyes; I couldn’t talk; I only stared. “Creme Custard, right?” She tried to play off my distress as I noticed probing eyes trying to insert themselves into our exchange. I could feel more eyes than the amount on me; my anxiety grew in the form of a lump in my throat, stopping my breathing. I thirsted for the coolness of the table, but then again, the cold reminded me of the ocean, and the sea reminded me of drowning.

Drowning. Drowning. I can't breathe. Panic sets in. Thrashing. Thrashing. Trying to breathe. Trying to stay calm. Jolting. Jolting. My lungs begin to burst. Screaming. Screaming. My body has given up. Breathing. Breathing. Forcing the water in and out of my lungs. Dying. Dying. Watching the blurred sun above the surface of the water. Hoping. Hoping. As a hand clamps onto my wrist. Blind. Blind. Alive! YOU’RE ALIVE!

Before I knew what I was doing, I was out on the streets. “I’m taking you home,” a familiar voice carved through my blurry haze. I only nodded; the Creme Custard could wait.

Chapter 4
When we arrived at my apartment, my boyfriend Benjamin opened the door. He looked at Chris and me wide-eyed, “I’ve been sitting near the phone, waiting to see if you had been discharged,” he spoke gravely. He burst into a grin, beaming at Chris, “Little did I know you committed a jailbreak,” he didn’t seem to notice my vacant expression. Chris leant in towards him, “Just tuck her into bed, make some food; she’s had a rough few weeks.” Benjamin nodded, the smile wiped from his face.

He took the handles attached to my wheelchair and wheeled me through the house. We entered the kitchen and living room. I watched and soaked in the familiarity of the home Benjamin and I bought last winter; after saving up for the ten years we had been dating, we had finally pooled enough money to buy a small, Victorian-style townhouse so that we’d have stability and a place to go after being married. I lived in it with my roommate Isla while Benjamin finished his college degree, as we didn’t want to live together until we were married. Although at that moment, marriage seemed out of the question.

“Y-you’re here,” I finally whispered, craning my neck to look at Benjamin,
“I thought I’d look after the place while you were gone; Isla had a full week of exams, so I kind of took over, tried to keep it tidy.” I laughed; the interior decoration was far from tidy and sophisticated despite the Victorian-style house. Scuba gear and surfboards lined the walls, along with ornamental lifebuoys and bijou anchors. “Note the word, ‘tried’,” Benjamin whispered, seeing my reaction to the untidy rooms. Small postcards had been framed on our picture wall, where we kept letters, pictures, and postcards, to remind us of beautiful Australia, where both our parents resided. One day, I would return to Australia, visit my grandparent’s mini cottage full of character, and the beach where I learned to surf.

I still remember that day. My father had stood me on a small surfboard and taught me the correct “Surfer Stance.” He then clasped the board with his strong fingers while I stood on it and shook me as I tried to stay upright. I fell headfirst into the sand the first few times, and my mother laughed when I ran up to her; sand streaked through my hair. I laughed with her through tears, realising how ridiculous my little ordeal was.

Eventually, my father took me to the water. The salty smell calmed me as my fingers cut through the surface of the water, feeling chilly and tingly, and the water rushed towards my skin, seemingly flowing straight through my digits.

The flick of the lightswitch snapped me out of my dreamy flashback. Just the sight of my room made me feel calm; it reminded me of the water, but only good memories. “I’ll go heat up some Macaroni and Cheese if you want some,” Benjamin said, adding his last few words quickly. “Y-you can have some,” I breathed, still tired from my double meltdown in the city, “I’ll just dr-draw myself a bath.” Benjamin seemed to sense my wish to be left alone,
“I’ll leave you to it,” he bent down and gave me a quick peck on my cheek, “See ya,” I could hear his smile as he spoke. My spirits brightened. I loved Benjamin, and I’ve always appreciated his ability to read my usually concealed emotions.

I wheeled myself into the bathroom, thankful for my strong arms, and turned the hot water on, watching it collect in the shallow tub. The water was hot and filled the room with steam. I sat back in my chair, letting the steam sink into my skin, opening my pores and washing away any micro traces of dirt.

After some difficulty, I eased myself into the white bathtub, then looped my hair into a messy bun. I leaned into the bubbly water, the white bubbles being blown away as I breathed. The bubbles smelt like Rose and Lavender, calming me even more. I brought my hand through the water, brought the bubbles to my mouth, and then blew them to the other side of the bathtub. I compacted other bubbles, placed them on my head like a crown, and moved them to my chin like a beard. I laughed at how childish I was being, then noticed the slight shake of my right hand. I brought it closer to my face and almost jumped out of my skin; slowly but surely, I was losing control over my cognitive function.

After I dried and dressed, I wheeled myself back into my room. I watched as my shaky hand clasped my phone, and had to type a text with my left hand, something I was not used to. The text was short and sweet, but it said all that needed to be conveyed.

Typing with my left hand. Right hand is stuffed. Cognitive function leaving. What do I do?

I pressed send and waited for Christina’s reply.

Do something hands-on with your right hand, like colouring or putting together your scuba gear. Do you want me to come over?

I good-naturedly rolled my eyes. Christina was tough, but she couldn’t let go of a touch of motherliness.

No, I’m okay. I can handle it.

I put my phone down and sighed, staring at my trembling hand. My scuba gear had probably been cleaned by my friends, but there was no harm in doing it again. BONG! BONG! I was startled, then realised it was just the alarm on my phone. I picked up my phone again and read the title of the reminder, “WALK! Do it now! This will annoy you in five minutes, so dismiss me and do it!” I smiled at my message; “Previous Ellie” was pretty adamant that I walk. I dismissed the alarm and positioned myself next to the nearest couch.

I slowly departed from my chair and arranged myself next to the couch, relying heavily on the wooden back. I had walked a few times since my temporary vegetative state, but never by myself.

I slowly picked up my legs, putting one foot in front of the other, my hands crisscrossing in front of each other, being careful not to overbalance. My legs shook, and my spasming hand wasn’t helping, although the pressure I placed on my hand seemed to calm it for the time being.

CRASH!

Chapter 5
Benjamin hooked his arms under mine and pulled me from the ground. The sides of his mouth were upturned in a grin. “May I have this dance?” I chuckled,
“You may.”

I trapped his head with my arms around his neck and stared into his eyes; pools of dark seafoam green, with streaks of inky blue that I could get lost in for hours. I imagined myself diving into his eyes, unable to surface as I explored the depth of emotion hidden behind his pupils. We were the only two people in the world as we swayed on the dusty wooden floor, powerless to break each other’s gaze.

As the world began to dim, and the horizon was a dusty pink, Benjamin kissed me one last time before closing the door. I could smell pepperoni pizza wafting from the oven; Isla had returned and was busy making dinner. “I can’t wait for the wedding!” Isla had turned the corner from the kitchen and was drying a plate, “You couldn’t take your eyes off each other!” I smiled, “And look at you now, staring at the door after he left; I’ve never seen such a perfect couple!” She was correct; I had been staring nonchalantly at the door. I sighed, “A-around him, I kind of for-forget everything else.” I turned to face Isla, “My a-a-accident, life in g-general, nothing e-else matters.” My eyes drifted as I pictured Benjamin in my mind; his loyalty, his kindness, no one could be more perfect. 

Isla crossed from the kitchen to the living room where Benjamin had deposited me in my chair, “I thought we could do something fun tonight, watch a movie or have mani-pedis or something?” I fought the urge to sigh, “That s-sounds fun Isla but IIIII-I’m really tired; I think I m-might just go to b-bed.” Isla’s eyes seemed to be frantic, “Seriously though, we should do something fun, haven’t you slept for like, the past two weeks?”
“Well, yeah, but-”
“I wanna make it up to you!” The world stopped,
“Make w-what up to me?” Isla’s mouth opened and closed,
“Speaking of your accident, Christina called,” Isla had changed the subject,
“W-what did she s-say?”
“She invited you to the pool,” Isla thought for a moment, “Well, she commanded you to come to the pool; if you don’t go, I’d be worried.” Just a second ago, Isla was adamant that I stayed; now she said Christina COMMANDED me to go to the pool? Christina would never make me do anything I wasn’t comfortable with. “Oh, um, sure.”
“I’ll take you!” Yet again, it was clear Isla wanted me gone.


Chapter 6
As I hobbled into the pool vicinity, I saw Chris hanging up a sopping wetsuit, “Chris!” She turned around, and her eyebrows shot up, “Hello! I didn’t think you’d come; it seems I underestimated you! I’m thinking we jump in the water and just move around a bit, get used to the water again?” I still haven’t eaten that Macaroni and Cheese. “N-no, thanks!” I said, as cheerily as possible; Christina playfully glared at me, “Why not?” Please let me go home. “I’m st-still not one hundred percent, I just got h-h-hooome,”
“Oh, well, I told Isla that you should come only if you wanted to; I told her to tell you we might jump in the shallow end of the pool, all that jazz!”
“I-Isla said you c-commanded it.” I stopped, my words being more difficult than usual,
“Oh, well, she was probably just being dramatic.” I nodded, and silence seemed to create a rift between us, “Do you want some hot chocolate?” I grinned, 
“Y-yes, thanks.”

As we sat down, Christina looked at my bowed head, “Are you feeling different in any way, like more standoffish or losing control over yourself?” I groaned,
“Of c-course I do! I finally get home, lo-looking forward to a nice sleep, until I find my hand shaking and I k-k-keep stu-stuttering! W-words, I’m um… having trouble with s-sentences.” I paused for breath, feeling embarrassed, “I h-hoped that when I came home, life would just g-go back to normal! I’d be w-walking and running,” I took a deep breath, “And I wouldn’t be afr-afraid of the water, and I would h-hang out with friends, and all w-would be well!” Christina grinned sympathetically, “You need to give yourself time to-”
“YOU CAN TALK!” I yelled; my sentences seemed to clear in my anger. “You’re saying, “ Oh, just go back in the water! Just swim! Easy peasy!” Christina’s eyes widened slightly and she sank further into her chair, “I’m sorry, I’ve been pushing you too hard, I thought you could handle it, but I was wrong,”
“And I feel w-weak because of it!”
“You are not weak. Get that in your head, you have been through a serious ordeal, and I shouldn’t have rushed you.” I huffed and went to cross my arms; I ended up hugging myself. Christina’s head jolted to the side, something I had seen before. The last time I had observed it was when she had first seen me in the hospital bed, and many times back when her emotions were running high, it was her giveaway to concealed emotions.

“I will help you, scuba dive, again,” she finally said, “But only if you want to.” I took a sharp intake of breath and stared at my trembling hand, “I do, but not for the s-sake of scuba-diving again; I need some sort of m-motivation.” Christina smiled, 
“And I reckon I can find you some,” she smiled, squeezed my good hand lovingly, then departed from the table, leaving me in a state of, “What now?”

I eventually decided to grab an Uber home and was glad when the driver seemed to take the hint that I didn’t want to talk. Once I arrived home, I brushed past Isla and fell into bed, exhausted, with silent tears running down my cheeks.

Finally, I fell asleep.

The waves, lapping over the shore, kissing my toes as they sink into the sand, my body whole, my mind at peace. The seagulls proclaimed their witchy laughs over the beach, then landed and scavenged like beggars.

I climbed into my friend’s boat, and they turned the key with a CLICK! The engine sputtered, coughed to life, and then calmed into a delicate putter. I sat on the very edge of the boat as we flew over the water, thrusting my hand out to skim the top of the waves and my eyes begging to spot any signs of sea life.

As we sailed deeper, the water cleared, away from civilisation, and I could see down to the bottom. The seemingly blue water had a green tint beneath, as I located the end of the reef and the beginning of the drop-off, where we would be diving. There had been reports of a wreck with rotted wood and tattered black sails, speculation of mermaids and other queer sightings around this area. My friends and I had been sent to investigate the dark and mysterious waters, and I couldn’t wait to dive down deep.

I pulled on my scuba gear, gave a cheeky salute to my mates then thrust myself off the boat. I adjusted to the loss of gravity, checked my mask and tank was on correctly then started to pump my arms and legs, letting my flippers sway and slice through the water.

I brushed the shipwreck with my fingertips; the wood broke away at my touch when suddenly, my oxygen started to choke me.

The long fingers of air raced down my nose and squeezed my lungs; it clasped my heart and held it hermetically, cutting off what little pure air was left in my tank. I spat out the tube that fed me the poison and attempted to control my breathing, except I couldn’t breathe, there was no oxygen anywhere, my lungs were trapped.

Drowning. Drowning. I can't breathe. Panic sets in. Thrashing. Thrashing. Trying to breathe. Trying to stay calm. Jolting. Jolting. My lungs begin to burst. Screaming. Screaming. My body has given up. Breathing. Breathing. Forcing the water in and out of my lungs. Dying. Dying. Watching the blurred sun above the surface of the water. Hoping. Hoping. As a hand clamps onto my wrist. Blind. Blind. Alive! YOU’RE ALIVE!

“AAAAAAAAAA!” I bolted upright and realised where I was, safe in my townhouse, that I shared with Isla, safe from the water. I stared at my trembling hand as my body shook in tandem with it. I put my right hand on my left shoulder and vice versa in an attempt to calm myself.

I snuck a look at the clock; at 12:30 pm, Isla was at college. My gaze shot to my wheelchair, an enabling chair with squeaky wheels and a piece of fabric to sustain me. Yuck. I didn’t like it, I didn’t want to need it, but I did. If I don’t walk, I don’t swim, and if I don’t swim, I feel safe, and when I feel safe, I don’t exceed my comfort zone, and when I stay within my bubble, I… live a boring life. Not walking was out of the question, but swimming and scuba-diving again would take more time.

Chapter 7
White waiting room. Bland. Boring. Blue uniform seats with fuming occupants, none of whom wanted to be there. I didn’t want to be there; I wanted to be free.

It looked exactly like the room at my speech therapy I had been going to for a while; they had finally stopped my stuttering, so that was one thing checked off the list. Christina pushed me to get a psychological assessment, and then we would go to the pool and work on my leg strength.

Christina seemed to notice me glaring into space and placed her hand on my shoulder, “Did you take your meds this morning?”
“Yes!” I drew the word out, making it loud yet monotonous,
“Okay!” She responded in mock retreat, “Just asking,” I forced a smile,
“Sorry.”

“Eliana?” Someone arrived in the room, “Eliana Gay-te?” I rolled my eyes due to my name’s painful pronunciation; Christina raised her hand and pushed me to the room.

“So, Eliana,” the person who had been sent to fetch us sat down at her desk, “I understand that you have sustained a hypoxic brain injury, which has caused you to lose some control over your legs and your right hand,” she paused and studied my face, “Is that correct and have I missed anything?” I squirmed in my seat, too shy to say anything; Christina nudged me. “Oh, that’s quite alright,” the woman said, noticing Christina’s physical encouragement, “If she doesn’t want to talk, she can just nod or shake her head,” I smirked slightly, happy that I wouldn’t have to talk. “Although it would be helpful,” the woman began again, “If you did talk, that is,” she finished. I squirmed again; great. 

“I want to know some of the challenges or symptoms you’ve experienced from your injury. How well you’re functioning at home, work, school, if you go to school and in your relationships. Can you give me a bit of an idea as to how that’s going for you?” A surge of frustration and confidence rocketed up and out my mouth, “That was deliberately NOT a yes or no question,” the woman only laughed, “You caught me,” she said with a smile on her face. Her positivity made me sick; here I was at my lowest, and she laughed? Eventually, I decided, What did I have to lose? 

I took a deep breath and began, sneaking one last look at Christina and burying the rude words that threatened to boil over. “At home, I’m okay; I have nightmares every now and then and have to do everything with one hand,” I pointed to Christina, “Christina tells me to do hands-on things with my right hand, so I do,”
“Is it helping?” the woman interrupted,
“A little, I guess; I’m able to suppress the shaking more,” she beamed,
“That’s good to hear, and what about those nightmares?” I took another prolonged breath, 
“Just remembering almost drowning, no big deal.” An awkward silence took over the room, and I raced to fill it, “I haven’t been to work lately; I work for a local magazine alongside surfing and scuba-diving.”
“What do you do for the magazine?”
“I have a column where every two weeks I write something on surfing or scuba-diving.”
“That’s good; that sounds like a nice outlet, so why did you stop that?” My mood turned sour,
“I’m trying to focus on walking again instead of wasting my time on some piece of writing,” my words were harsher and sounded angrier than I had intended, “Sorry,” the word escaped sheepishly. “No problem,” the woman said, “You should hear some of my other clients; that comment was incredibly passive compared to what I sometimes cop.” She stopped suddenly, clapping her hand to her mouth. “I shouldn’t have said that, sorry….” I smiled sympathetically; it must be hard keeping everything she does anonymous, “That’s okay.”

“What about your relationships? How’s that going?” I smiled, thinking of Benjamin,
“Well, my relationships seem fine, although I’m worried I’m becoming a burden to my roommate, boyfriend and Christina.” Christina almost leapt out of her seat,
“Well, get that thinking OUT of your head, you are the daughter I never had, and I LOVE YOU!” grateful emotions bubbled up within me when she said I was the daughter she never had; I had never heard her call me something so endearing. The lady laughed, “Speaking of daughters, why aren’t your parents here?” I thought hard; my mind was suddenly blank.

“Her parents live in Australia,” Christina saved,
“Why aren’t they here? After they heard about your accident, they must’ve been distraught,” something turned on in my brain, “Number One, it wasn’t an accident, Number Two, they don’t know.” The tone of my voice turned matter-of-fact in a matter of seconds as I delivered the sobering sentence. “Why haven’t you told them?” 

The woman persisted; I hung my head, refusing to talk, “Ellie’s parents were around a lot when she was younger; they taught her how to surf and were good friends of mine. When Ellie was 17 and told her parents she wanted to live in New Zealand, they said they would disown her if she did. There were so many great opportunities for her in New Zealand, the waters were being explored more, and scientists had been discovering shipwrecks and different species of animals, so there was a worldwide call for scuba divers to take pictures and to venture down into the depths.” I placed my hand on hers, signalling her to stop, “My parents had never liked New Zealand as a country, and it wasn’t just because of some silly rugby rivalry; they never told me why.”

The rest of the assessment went by in a blur; it didn’t reveal anything we didn’t already know; long story short, the event had traumatised me, and rightfully so. Christina was driving me to the pools, my wetsuit was in the back, and I was at the front with Christina. My gaze wouldn’t stick to one spot, and my body wouldn’t obey my command to stay still. I was frantically massaging my legs, willing them to wake up. “It’s okay,” Christina reassured, noticing my extensive fidgeting, “Is it?” I questioned, still fiddling, my hand shaking more than usual, my body bouncing as I trembled. “I will be with you the entire time; I will never let go.”

Chapter 8
On the ledge, above the shallow end, my legs dangling over the side, my toes waking up enough to feel the cool water. Water. Drowning. SHUT UP!

A splash snapped me out of my daze; Christina had jumped in the water, the water barely touching her knees, her arms reaching out to me, ready to catch me. I shuffled my way closer and closer to the edge, feeling the eyes of the public. The loud and happy screaming from children seemed to halt; older women in bathing suits, stick-thin girls in bikinis, shirtless men, and oblivious boys peppered around the pool seemed to stop, watch. Christina saw my eye line and took the time to look every last person with long eyes and an obnoxious nose straight in the eyes; their gazes disappeared sheepishly as they bowed their heads like a dog caught red-handed.

“Come,” Christina encouraged, moving her fingers towards her, signalling me to come, “I will never let go, remember?” I could only manage to nod.

I leaned, leading with my head, and fell neatly into Christina’s arms; she was strong enough to support me without the help of my feet on the ground. She lowered me to a sitting position, then backed away into the deeper part of the pool. “Wait? Where are you going? You said you wouldn’t let go!” Christina smiled,
“I’m not going far, just giving you some space,”
“To do what?” I sighed, my pace quickened, my voice raised an octave,
“Feel around; what feels good?” I shivered, then conceded, I wasn’t alone, but I wasn’t being babied.

Frosty, leaching into my skin, sucking the warmth out from my blood, killing it in the gaps of the tiles that were a puzzle on the pool’s ground. The line between deadly silk and the colder air itched, like a scratchy red ribbon tied tightly around my arms, pulling me down from the oxygen but willing me to float, the two opposing forces fighting for triumph. 

I threw my legs in front of me and stood on the tips of my fingers, letting the pull to float steal the control of my legs from me. Experiencing the weightlessness of suspension caused me to feel calm and weirdly safe. I caught a glimpse of Christina watching me and advanced towards her a little bit, my fingers crawling and moving me forward. 

My body temperature started to adjust, and the frost regifted some of my warmth back to me. My finger crept again, “Careful,” Christina said, as the water climbed towards my neck. Crawl forward slightly, safe. Finger crawl again, still safe. Water lapping near my ears. Almost on fingernails.

Crawl forward again, nothing.

I fell below the water. The small waves just above my head. Drowning. Drowning. I can’t breathe. Panic sets in. Thrashing. Thrashing. Trying to breathe. Trying to stay calm. Jolting. Jolting. My lungs begin to burst. SNAP OUT OF IT! I could feel Christina pulling me above the water as a wave of relief washed over me.
She was taking me the wrong way.

“NO!” I sputtered, water rushing into my mouth. “CALM DOWN!” Christina was holding me, “I’ve got you, now try to kick!” I willed my legs to move, to move freely like ripples in the water, but little strength was found. “I’m gonna drown! I yelled, sputtering; Christina’s brow rippled like the waves that surrounded us; she was still holding me steadfast. “It’s okay, we’ll try another time,” she smiled and helped me out of the pool.

Blue changing room, dead legs, shaking hand, ugh, I have to walk again. I was alone, so no one would care if I made a fool of myself.

I clasped the side of the bench, forcing my trembling hand to hold the wood tight. I straightened my arms, lifting myself up off the bench to a standing position.

Step one - Holding my weight.

60kgs of a 27-year-old female’s body, relying on two legs that haven’t appropriately walked in weeks, but I was straight and standing, I wasn’t leaning on anything, I was supporting myself.

Step two - Shuffle

Move! I commanded my legs; they felt like lead, rooted to the floor, not having the strength to move on their own accord. I clamped my hands around my right thigh and moved it forward, sliding it across the floor, if only by an inch. Gravity took my bent figure and attempted to pull me to the concrete, but I resisted; I straightened, found the wall, then trained my eyes on my left thigh. Shuffle, stumble, straight. Shuffle, stumble, straight. Shuffle, stumble, straight.

Step Three - Walk Properly!

My limbs tightened and dropped like weights; I felt unable to move my hands, let alone my legs. It was now or never; I either walk and heal or never walk again. Did I love the sea as much as I thought I did? Were my legs hung down by my mind? Or could I physically never walk again?

Christina: 
“Hello?” My phone had rung, and I had been forced to leave Ellie to her own devices in the changing room, “Hello, is this Christina?”
“This is she; who is this?”
“The hospital,” long pause, I knew why they weren’t calling Ellie, this phone call wasn’t for her, “I have some news,” I sighed, 
“You called me, now lay it on me thick, tell me how it is.” The caller took a deep breath, 
“Your operation was unsuccessful; we only removed approximately 90% of the tumour, 10% is still there.” A gasp escaped my lips; Drew Brown, the public pool’s owner, lifted his head, a questioning expression on his face. “We can try again to remove the remaining 10%, but it would be risky.”
“Is there any point?” I kept my voice steady as my lip quivered; there was silence on the other side of the line, 

“No, I can’t see any point to the operation.” Tears filled my eyes; I fought them, pulling my wide brim hat over my eyes as I heard Drew lift off his chair. “Okay, well, thank you for your call,” my finger pressed the end call button, then tried to push past the screen, the phone on the brink of breaking. Drew took the phone from me and found my eyes, “What did they say?” His hands folded around my waist, I avoided answering his questions with a direct answer, “If I can’t be helped, I will help,” I gestured to the changing room where Ellie was.

“Well, that’s all well and good, but what are you going to do when you can’t anymore?” I broke away from him and faced the wall, the brim of my hat still hanging over my eyes, “I’m definitely not going to some hospital or hospice, I will be with you, dying to a swan song, Ellie will have pushed through her struggles, and once I’m dead, I will become one with the sea, and go home to my Creator.” I could almost feel the sad smile on Drew’s face as he gingerly touched my shoulder, “Sounds peaceful,” the pressure of his hand left me, and he retired to the reception.

Ellie:
I was walking!

“Ellie!” Christina had opened the door and was staring at my still wet body, “You-you’re walking!” She laughed in disbelief as she floated towards me, her arms outstretched as she engulfed me in a hug. As she departed from me, I could see that her eyes were slightly red, “Are you okay?” I asked; she sniffed and laughed, “Don’t worry about me, get dressed, and we’ll celebrate!” I decided to not push it if she didn’t want me to know; she wouldn’t tell me; her eyes may have been irritated by the chlorine.

Chapter 9
As we walked down the street, I had decided to take my shoes off; the textures of the concrete changed at every turn. At first, it was smooth and cool to the touch, then it was rough, and the stones dug into my slapping feet. Christina watched ahead, noticing my eyes glued to the ground, “Watch out for broken glass,” she reminded me; I smiled; her motherly instincts were still kicking in.

I seated myself in the colourful ice cream store, at a cute little white booth, with ribbed white covers on the seats. The face of the table was frosted glass, the frost almost like ripples in waves, tides, water, ocean, NO! I had been in the pool recently; there was no reason to panic.

Christina returned to our table with two blueberry ice-creams balanced on her arm. The official name was “Seaside Blueberry”, and we were at the seaside. The lapping waves are simply metres away, a strip of sand and concrete the only things separating me from the sea.

Christina noticed me gazing at the sea and brought my attention back to the ice cream, “Here you go,” she said, sliding the blueberry gelato over to me; she glanced to the sea behind her then turned back to me, “You can go out there if you want, I’ll help you.”
“Last time you said that I almost drowned in a pool,” her scooping hand paused momentarily, then she spoke, “Well, now you’re walking, my methods may be a tad unorthodox, but they work,” I smirked; she was right.

After a long pause as the cogs in Christina’s head spun, she asked me, “Have you heard of New Zealandia?” I shook my head, “It’s a large landmass beneath New Zealand, big enough to be a continent; there’s actually an expedition to check it out, it’s been known about for a while, but there’s been no rush; to have a look.” My breath sped up, 
“No, no, I won’t, I-I can’t, I’m still damaged, I’m still scared,”
“Hey, hey,” Christina balanced her hand lightly on my arm, making it tickle, “You don’t have to go.” My breathing regulated, “In fact, follow me,”
“Where are we going?”
“Away from the sea.”

Christina led me away from the ice cream shop and let me into her rusty, old, sickly green pickup truck. Her scuba-gear and surfboards were in the back, and the car smelt like it was rotting with salt. “Are you going to tell me exactly where we’re going?” Christina sighed as she turned the key, “I can see you’re running a little low on motivation, yes you’re walking, and that’s a phenomenal achievement, considering it’s only been three months or so since the event,” Her foot eased onto the accelerator, and we pulled away from the ice-cream shop. “Deep down, I think you want to scuba-dive again, would I be correct?” I squirmed; she knew me too well,
“Yeah, I guess,”
“Well, I know a guy,” she jumped in, “His arm got eaten by a shark then spat out right next to him, freaky stuff.”
“Ew!” I paused, then had a thought, “Is he insecure about that, like, can I look at it?” Christina chuckled, “Of course, you can! He’d love the attention!”

“Martini Genie!” Was the pub’s name, “Why are we at a bar?”
“This is where he and his friends hang out, he doesn’t drink, says he’s too old, but this has been their hangout for decades,”
“How old is this guy?”
“Ask him yourself,” Christina said, turning to me, winking, then pushing the door to a colossal commotion; Christina clasped onto my hand, weaving me through the crowd, her head held high and her expression elated. “Christina!” The bartender greeted from behind the counter, 
“Hi, Bill!”
“You want a drink?”
“Chuck us a Fanta,”
“Nothin’ stronger?”
“Body’s a temple mate, imma take care of it!” Her language was slacking, serious motherliness went; this was a side of her I had never seen before. “What did you mean by your body’s a temple?”
“Devan’ll explain it better than I ever could; there he is,” she pointed to the direction of a red booth; there was a one-armed man surrounded by yelling patrons. He was balancing bottle caps on the stub of his arm, then threw them in the air, and the men would grab as many as they could. “Devan!” Christina called, then pointed to me,
“Christina!” The man, Devan replied, getting out of his seat, pacifying his friends with a kind word and his drink, “You must be Eliana; I’m Devan, a pleasure to meet you!” I smiled shyly and shook his good hand. “Come, come sit, let me make you feel welcome.” He gestured forward, sensing my reluctance, and made his friends clear the table. I sat opposite him, my hand clutching Christina’s. As he and Christina caught up, I looked around the bar. There was a game of darts in the corner, someone was slurring out a song on an elevated stage, the bartender’s fingers were quick as he prepared drink after drink, and waiters and waitresses floated from table to table, taking orders, reporting to the kitchen, then returning. 

“Elliana?” who said that? “Elliana?”
“Oh! Sorry,” I replied, realising Devan was trying to get my attention, Christina had vanished, and I located her at the bar. “She’s just grabbing her Fanta,” he spoke with a smile, “So, I hear you’re a scuba diver?”
“Yeah, well, was a scuba diver,” I caught myself,
“Why was?” I squirmed, 
“Well, I assume Christina told you but, someone poisoned the oxygen in my tank; I almost drowned- she told you this, right?”
“No,” I sighed, dreading the thought of talking about my situation, 
“I… was in a coma, that wasn’t fun,” Devan chuckled, “Christina, in her own way, helped me out, gave me the motivation to walk again, even got me in a pool, but the ocean? Never again.” Devan seemed to consider something, then spoke, “I used to be a scuba diver, I was never the best and never the worst, but after a while, I had to stop.”
“Because of your arm?” Devan looked to his arm, then back to me, “This old thing?!” He laughed a wholesome and hearty laugh, “A minor setback, no I stopped because my muscles started to seize up, age isn’t kind to a once young soul like myself, remember that, you enjoy your twenties and thirties, it only goes downhill from there!” 
“Wait, I’m confused; you DIDN’T stop because of your arm?”
“NO! And why would I? I’m not going to let a shark scare me away from the underwater world; it’s God’s Creation after all!” God, I’ve heard that name before, just can’t remember when.
“God?”
“Yes God, our Creator who dwells in Heaven, funny how His Creation almost killed me, yet gives me the most life!”
“Yeah… funny.” 
“You should ask Christina about God; she’s an avid Christian; I’m sure she’d be happy to talk to you.” Just then, Christina returned with her drink.

As we were walking back to the car, I decided to ask Christina, “Who’s God?” Christina whipped her head around to me, “You don’t know who God is?”
“No,” I spoke sheepishly, 
“No worries! Ellie, do ever wonder how we got here?” I thought for a moment,
“From our Mum’s?”
“But before that?”
“Oh, um… no?”
Well, God is the Creator of the universe, and the best thing is, is that He’s not like a high and mighty king, but someone we can have a relationship with.”
“A relation- like a friendship?”
“Yeah! He’s someone who we can trust, who listens to us and supports us; the Bible says in 1 Peter 5:7, “Cast your anxiety onto God because he cares for you.””
“Bible?” Christina sighed good-naturedly,
“I have a lot to catch you up with.” Then she smiled, opened the door, and we drove off.

Chapter 10
A week later, Christina told me about the Bible and the wisdom it held; she explained how God sent His Son Jesus to die on the cross to save us from sin, so that we can live a life for God and in a relationship with Him towards eternal life. It was incredibly fascinating, and I had many questions, but I would swim again for now.

When I arrived, Christina was already in the pool, ending a swimming session with some young children. They were having a splashing contest to see who would get the biggest splash and win a prize. I thought back to when I did that with my friends, I seldom won, but I was Christina’s troublemaker student, always swimming off like an eel instead of paying attention to the class. Christina soon realised that I wouldn’t be entertained with simple fun like the other children, but I wanted to learn how to dive deep into the ocean and swim like a mermaid.

Christina quickly took note of my skills and graduated me to the open ocean, realising that I already had the competency to swim and wanted to teach me how to surf and hold my breath for long periods. I started on a small surfboard, a beautiful mustard yellow strip of paint down the middle of a pure white surfboard. It was old and fading, but it was brand new in the young Eliana’s eyes.

“Eliana!” Christina shouted from the pool; I realised that the children had lumbered out of the pool, their teeth chattering, their togs sopping and weighing them down. “Get changed, then come in!” I quickly obliged and ran into the girl’s changing room. When I returned, I watched Christina’s lithe figure beneath the water, slicing through the pool like a serpent, the natural way a human can move, not applying to her. Watching her swim was beautiful.

When she popped her head back into the air, she immediately spotted me, “Look at you spying on me!” I giggled,
“You got me!” She beckoned me over to the shallow end of the pool, and I jumped in with a SPLASH! “So, to swim or not to swim, that is the question?”
“To swim!” I laughed, happy that I had regained the majority of my leg strength and would be almost weightless in the water, safe from the dangers of the ocean.

Walking, walking, feeling in front, anticipating the drop. I got deeper and deeper, the water caressing my ears, walking, walking, drop.

“KICK!” Christina’s voice filled out the entirety of the room; my legs rippled through the water, booting the liquid below me, attempting to propel myself up and forward. “Keep it going; you got it!” Christina encouraged me; I circled my arms, launching myself to the opposite wall, stretching my fingers forward, grasping at air. My feet kicked, my lungs heaved, my arms circled, my fingers grabbed. Swimming. Swimming. Air. Air. Tiles. Wall. Safe!

“YES!” Christina dived towards me, then held my free arm up triumphantly, “Now do you see? You just did that; you can do so much more!” I laughed giddily, I felt invincible,
“I want to go on the expedition,”
“WHAT?!”
“I want to go on the New Zealandia expedition,” Christina was quiet, absorbing what I had just said, her face seemed to twitch, and her eyes had conflicting emotions. 

“YES!” She finally exclaimed, “YES!”

A few weeks later, Christina, some other scuba-divers and I lumbered onto a long and fat bus; row and rows of tattered seats awaited us, and a muscular woman with rosy cheeks, beautiful brown skin and kinky dark hair greeted us as we entered. “Hello everybody! I’m Alicia, your bus driver and resident marine biologist!” Her voice was low and chirpy, her back was as straight as a board, and her body wouldn’t stop bouncing. “Who’s ready to go?” A cheer went up in unison; I giggled, my body shaking with happiness as Christina joined the group in their merriment. Alicia backed out of the driveway, and soon enough, bushes and trees of green were whooshing by at the speed of light. New Zealandia, here we come!

The first training day, filled with information presentations, equipment cleaning, and EARLY MORNINGS! I was prepared to be taken back when I started scuba-diving training professionally. 

It was a frosty morning; I had been in Christina’s swimming class for a few years and was 13 years old. She taught me to surf and would now introduce me to scuba-diving. I was shivering in my black wetsuit, the cord attached to the zip was bumping against my short yet muscular legs, and my skin was prickly.

“Jump in!” Christina yelled, “It’s nice and warm!” I didn’t know whether to trust her or not, but I jumped in all the same. On impact, I froze, the cold water wrapped me in its embrace, and I forgot how to swim. “Hang on there,” Christina had looped her arm around mine and was supporting us both, “You good?” I nodded, my teeth chattering, “You’ll warm up; how’s your equipment feel?”
“Tight,” I squeaked,
“Good, that means you’re safe. Can you breathe out of your nose?” I shook my head, breathing heavily through my mouth, “Wonderful!”
“Where-where’s your gear?” My teeth wouldn’t stop chattering, so I clenched my jaw,
“I can hold my breath for ages, and my goggles are around my neck.” My eyes went to her neck, and sure enough, black goggles were hanging there, camouflaged with her wetsuit. “Are you ready to dive?” I shrugged my shoulders, “Oh, come on! Look down! See what you’re missing out on!” I plunged my scuba mask beneath the waves but saw only water, “Nothing!” I gurgled, saltwater fell into my mouth, “UGH!” I spat; Christina laughed, “You see nothing?” I nodded, “Squint a bit,” I plunged my head back into the water, I could see the bottom of where we were treading water, “I can see the bottom,”
“Yes,” Christina confirmed, “And by the end of the week, you’ll be touching it.” I had started to panic when Christina said the words, “Don’t worry, I will NEVER let go.”

“You good?” Christina asked, snapping me back to the present, 
“Yeah, just reminiscing,”
“Well, you’ve been reminiscing for quite a while; look out the window.” I spun my head to look beyond the glass, and there, was the blue, sparkling ocean, “We’re almost there.”
“Bingo,” Christina’s voice seemed to soften and tire, but I ignored it and turned away from the window.

Chapter 11
After settling in, we were directed to a small room filled with scuba gear and exposure suits, we had been told to bring our own equipment, but their company had a special kit that would allow us to dive deeper than we ever had. The apparatus looked the same, but Christina reminded me it was costly, high-tech, and I’d have to be careful.

Once everyone had fitted their exposure suits onto themselves like a glove, we would be directed on how to use the hardware and put it on, just getting used to it before we dove.

Okay, the weight belt, this would pull me down, not heavy enough to drown me, but not light enough to do nothing at all. It will pull you down to the bottom of the sea; you’ll die, my brain taunted me as the belt was fitted around my waist. Panic sets in. Thrashing. Thrashing. Trying to breathe. Get a hold of yourself!

Now the scuba unit. Oxygen tanks to keep us alive, or tanks full of poison to kill me, and there’s no chance I’d be as lucky a second time. “This is definitely oxygen in here, right?” I couldn’t help myself from asking, “Yes?” the man fitting it over me replied, confused at my seemingly pointless clarification. Click, click, the straps were secured. It was weighing me down. Squeezing my lungs. The man was wrong. I was going to die. I was going to die. Someone wanted me dead. 

“AGH!” I screamed and frantically pulled the straps apart, panting, crying, screaming, escaping. Someone’s fingers were there, taking my hands in theirs, calmly pulling the straps away and easing the unit off of my shoulders; I fell into their arms, not caring who it was, silence wrapped around me like a blanket, the person’s arms holding me as I sobbed. “I will never let go,” a deep voice whispered into my ear, and the arms tugged me to my room.

I wanted out! I wanted to go home! I wanted the strong arms on Benjamin to wrap around me and tell me it was all okay. I needed my bed. I wanted my home!

“I’m a wimp,” I hissed, disgusted by myself as Christina stood up from rubbing my back, helping me calm down. “No, you’re not; you’re cautious and rightfully scared; the ordeal you went through was and is very scary; you had every right to react the way you did.” I thought for a moment as she wavered from leaving the room, her back facing me. “That thing you said, “I will never let go” that was nice thank you,” Christina turned to me, 
“I didn’t say anything,”
“But that’s what you usually say; you didn’t say it before?” Christina shook her head,
“Nope, oh well, I’m gonna go turn on the news, may as well make life a little more depressing.”

I heard the TV turn on and heard the click as Christina switched to the news; I then caught my name…

“Ellie, you have to come and see this,” I lumbered out of bed, feeling my hot and tear-stained face; Christina seemed to feel a moment of dizziness and leaned against a nearby wall. When I entered the small lounge within our lounge, I saw Isla in handcuffs, “Isla Stanford is the latest suspect regarding the attempt on Eliana’s Gaite’s life. Witnesses say they saw Isla performing suspicious activity while Eliana was underwater when she went scuba-diving with her friends from approximately 8am to 10am. Eliana had to be rushed to hospital after breathing in poisoned oxygen in her tank. If you have any information that could aid the police’s investigation, please ring this number,” I zoned out as the narrator spilt out a string of numbers and didn’t even notice Christina’s arm around me. “My own friend, my BEST friend, tried to kill me?”
“They don’t know for sure,” Chris tried to console me,
“Where was God in this? Isla wanted me dead!” Christina slunk to an armchair and took a breath, “If Isla wanted you dead, you’d be dead, you slept in the same house for weeks after the event; she could’ve slit your throat, put poison in your food, taken your wheelchair and crutches then left you to starve.”
“Well, that’s comforting; she was probably stalling,” Christina’s hand made its way to her neck, and she caressed the back of it. “I believe that God placed your guardian angel at your doorway every single night, keeping Isla far away.”
“Where was He when I almost died?!”

“I DON’T KNOW!” She stood up then fell back down, “UGH! I DON’T KNOW EVERYTHING!” Her tone was desperate, “PLEASE BE QUIET! I HAVE,” she paused and breathed, “A headache.” I stared at her; I had never heard her yell before, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, um…” she searched her mind for the following words, “They want you at the court case tomorrow, short notice, I know, but I can come with you for emotional support.” I was still in shock at her outburst, and I couldn’t stop a tear from rolling down my cheek, “I’m sorry,” Christina thrust her arms out, “Come here, I shouldn’t have yelled, I’m just exhausted at the moment.” What was I thinking? Of course, she was tired; she had taken time out of her life, away from her husband, to look after me. I embraced her and returned to bed.

Chapter 12
The following day, I was clutching Christina’s hand while journalists and reporters from various newspapers suffocated the two of us. The flashes and clicks of cameras were the only sounds that plagued my ears, occupying my senses as Christina attempted to weave through the crowd. My eyes climbed upwards as I took in the enormous building before us, it towered above the skyscrapers, and the double doors were twice my size. Christina shoved the door in front of us, and the crowd was cut off with a bang. A bustling foyer with mystery doors greeted us when we stepped inside, and a scraggly looking Isla was being monitored by broad-shouldered official-looking people. Her eyes found me, and she shot up, but the guards created a wall between us. “Ellie!” Isla cried, “I turned myself in; I’m sorry; I never meant for any of this to happen!” I felt Christina’s hand tighten around mine as another woman waltzed into the room. She marched up to the people in black and addressed the tallest one, “Step away from my student,” the man grunted, 
“We have our orders, ma’am,” she snickered,
“Well, I give the orders now,” she handed him a slip of paperwork, and he quickly surveyed the contents. Once he read it, he waved his companions away to the side, leaving an awkward gap between Isla and me.

Isla started towards me, but Christina wedged between us; Isla’s mentor Freya did the same. Although Christina was at least a head taller, Freya’s expression never faltered. “This was your doing, wasn’t it?” Christina’s tone was cold and teeming with contempt, “So what if it was?”
“You could’ve killed Ellie,”
“But I didn’t! My student tried too,”
“Your student has a name,”
“Whether she deserves to be called by it is a different story entirely,”
“I did it! I placed the poison,” Isla butted in, “Freya said it as a suggestion, but I did it!” Christina’s face contorted in a fury, one hand balling into a fist but the other rubbing her neck, “You never were okay with second-best, were you?” Christina panted, Freya’s undying cocky look in her eyes intensified as she spoke.

“At least I’m not dying.”

Chapter 13
Christina had led me away from the foyer the second Freya had dropped the bombshell, “DYING?!” I yelled, “You’re DYING?!” Christina heavily sighed, distressing, caking her grunts and groans, “Why did you tell me? How did SHE know?!” She leaned against the sink then slunk to the ground, her head on her knees, “I only told one person,”
“WHO?!”
“DREW!” Christina yelled; her hands flew to the floor, and she steadied her rocking body, “I told my HUSBAND! I don’t know how she found out, but she DID! I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to waste your time worrying about me when you could’ve been recovering and improving your life! I was trying to protect you!” She slumped against the wall, and I fell to her side, “What’s killing you?” I kept my tone even and soft,
“A tumour, they were able to remove approximately ninety per cent, but about ten per cent still remains.” 
“Can’t they just remove it?”
“There’s nothing they can DO!” She yelled again, and I was startled,
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” I whispered, floating my hand out to steady her, approaching her like a wild animal, “I’m sorry.” She started to shake harder than before, and her cries pierced the air like a wounded dog, “I wanted to tell you, I was scared, I was- I don’t wanna go, not yet.”
“Well, can’t God just heal you?” I caught a small smile as her head faced the wall,
“It doesn’t work like that.”

“Christina?” I spun around and found Drew standing on the other side of the ajar door, “Can I come in? Is everyone decent?” She laughed a choked laugh, 
“All clear, Drew,” he tip-toed in, his feet barely touching the ground; he saw her on the floor and saw no one but her, “Oh baby,” he began, “My darling, it’s okay, it will all be okay,”
“I’m such a burden!” She sobbed again,
“No, no, no, you’re not, you’re not now, and you never will be,”
“‘Cause I’ll be dead!”
“Well, yes, that,” Christina laughed again when a voice filled the building,
“Eliana Gaita, please report to Courtroom 2A.” I inhaled deeply,
“How am I supposed to focus?”
“Exactly why I didn’t want to tell you,” Christina whispered, “I’ll come,” Drew put her arm around her neck, and she tried to hoist herself up, only to have her legs buckle beneath her. “Let’s go,” Drew commanded as they passed me; he put his hand on my shoulder, “I’ll come back when I can, knock it out of the park.”

I stood in shock. My mouth cracked open, tears sprung to my eyes. I was about to face the biggest and hopefully only court case of my life, and I wouldn’t have the only best friend I had left by my side.

I pushed open the heavy blue bathroom door, my eyes trained at the ground until I heard footsteps. I looked up, delicately letting the door shut behind me, and saw Benjamin.
My teardrops morphed into streams, and I charged at him, sobbing, my broken heart stitching itself back together but leaving a small hole. “I thought you were busy with uni,” Benjamin pulled me away from him to stare into my eyes, “I am never too busy when you need me,” I smiled and wiped my leaky nose. “How did you know I needed you?”
“Isla,” my body froze,
“How, how did she know?” His expression became a mystery,
“She heard her coach trying to dig up dirt on Christina and knew that whatever she found, Freya would use it to psych you two out, so she called me.” I scoffed,
“How is she smart enough to work something like that out but not smart enough to not try and KILL ME?!”
“Well, you know how Freya is, Isla would be dead meat if she hadn’t obeyed,”
“I almost was,” I glared, upset at his lack of empathy, “How do you know about that?”
“It’s all over the news; you were being broadcast live two minutes ago.” I puffed, inhaling as much air as possible. “Eliana Gaite, the final call to Courtroom 2A,” I stared into Benjamin’s eyes, desperate to leave, “Don’t let them win,” he said, then helped me to the courtroom.

“Ladies and gentlemen, welcome,” the judge spoke as if we were gathering for dinner, not to discuss the verdict and Isla’s impending doom. “Madame Forewoman, I understand that you have reached a verdict regarding the defendant,” the woman he addressed nodded, “Would you please hand your verdict forms to the sheriff?” The woman nodded again and stood, wearing a black suit jacket with a ruffled neck and a sickly brown-coloured pencil skirt with a red and blue striped pattern. The judge then rattled out a series of words and numbers that made no sense to me until I heard the words, “We the jury.”

“Count One, Attempted Murder. ‘We the jury found the defendant Isla Kerrington,’” He paused as the room held their breath, “Guilty.” There is a collective sigh, and nothing more, no fistbump, shouts of joy or murmur of cheer, simply silence, until…

“YOU DARE?!” Freya had spoken up, “She was framed! FRAMED!” The judge took a breath, 
“Count One, Malice Aforethought. ‘We the jury found the defendant Freya Garcia guilty.’ Dated 15 July 2007, signed by the forewoman. Please remove Freya Garcia from the room.” One of the suited people from before took her arm and gently escorted her out of the room, with Freya going begrudgingly yet willingly and silently. I zoned out for the rest of the period, only returning to the present when I gave my final statement regarding my side of the story. I told what Christina had helped me memorise; a report written by myself and learned by me, only for me to sit down again and stare at the floor. 

The floor was wooden, with swirls of past cracks filled with paint and varnish, like the holes of my heart that I dreamed would be filled. By God? By diving? By Christina? By a miracle? It was hard to say.

BANG! I jolted back to the courtroom; Benjamin caught me in my surprise, “What happened?” His face was set in stone, “Isla and Freya are guilty, Freya of Malice Aforethought and Isla of Attempted Murder-”
“Wha-what is Malice Aforethought?”
“Thinking about killing someone and how to do so, seriously considering it and planning it, even to go so far as to mention,” He put the word “mention” in air quotes, “It to someone else, namely Isla.”
“So, what’s going to happen to them?” I caught Isla out of the corner of my eye, her head hung low, Benjamin was silent, “What is going to happen to them?”
“Life imprisonment.” My lungs and heart stopped working, something was lodged in my throat, I was plunged underwater again, unable to scream.

“Life? But, life’s not for life, right?” He smiled sympathetically,
“No, about 13 years, but it will be on their permanent records; post-jail might end up being harder than in jail.” I sighed, fighting off the feeling that this was my fault; if I wasn’t a good scuba diver, Isla never would have felt pressured to do what she did. Benjamin seemed to notice my nervous disposition. “It’s not your fault,” my pocket suddenly vibrated, and I dipped my hand into my pocket to retrieve my phone. Drew had texted me,

Christina’s stable if you want to see her

I took a deep breath; I didn’t have the best relationship with that hospital; another text came through, 

Christina said, “I know the hospital’s not a fun place, especially for her, so she can see me when we go home.” So there’s that

I smiled; even amid crisis, Christina still thought of me, 

When are you going home?

I texted back and watched the three texting dots ripple as Drew typed. 

When death is inevitable.

Chapter 14
“When death is inevitable”? What’s that supposed to mean? 

Christina refuses to be in hospital when she dies, so once we know for sure there’s nothing they can do, we go home.

Benjamin watched my reactions to the texts, and I flipped the screen towards him, only to realise he had led me out of the courtroom. “Do you want to go?” he took my arm after reading the texts; I nodded, “She took the time to see me; it’s only fair I do the same.”

I separated myself from Benjamin’s touch and puffed my chest out, determined to stop being led; Christina was strong; I would be too. Benjamin was quiet the whole trip, his knuckles going white as he gripped the steering wheel. I stared out the window, grateful for the silence, only for Benjamin to turn the radio on and slip a disc into the crack. “Livin’ in a Suburbian Paradise” was sung through the speakers, the first song on Leta Stephenson’s album, “Suburbian Paradise.” I smiled, but even Leta couldn’t lift my mood.

The city was made of colours. Blurry, bleeding colours. Solitarily speeding. An inch of distance between us feels like miles. Picking my lips, revelling in the temporary pain, a break from despair and confusion. My leg rocked like a pendulum. My eyes stared into the kaleidoscopeium abyss as my fingers twirled and knotted my matted hair, dead from recent chlorine and lack of care. I inhaled the smell of old food, new books, ocean air and mould in the seat covers. This was Benjamin’s car; I’m safe.

A white building, tall and foreboding, surrounding the carpark Benjamin pulled into. I entered the hospital foyer in a daze, winding through halls led by a nurse up elevators, watching the stairs as we took the fastest way upwards.

The image of Christina lying down on a stiff, white hospital bed, with Drew bent over her veiny hand, snapped me back to reality. Drew acknowledged our presence with a simple nod, and I made my way to another chair next to Christina, reluctant to look at her.

In that bed, she looked fragile, white, bony, observations that had slipped under my radar the past few weeks. How could I have been so stupid? The outbursts, the exhaustion, speaking in whispers, it all made sense! And here she was, her eyes closed, lips cracked slightly apart, skin white and fragile like tissue paper, her brunette hair greying. A nurse entered and touched Drew on the shoulder; he rose and stood, his figure hunched, not giving her so much as a glance. “We can do chemotherapy, but we would only be buying time, stalling until-”
“Stall,” Christina’s delicate paper-thin voice still seemed to command attention. “Until the New Zealandia mission has finished, whether this kid goes or not,” Her rippled fingers cupped my chin, devoid of the strength it used to carry.

Christina:
Little Ellie. Innocent, shy on her first day, yet eager to learn, she never left me, and now I’m leaving her. Why would God do this? Why would He take me away from the people I love? I don’t want to die, and I’m going to die! Everybody dies… how am I any different? 

I’m forty years old; I first taught Eliana when I was 18, she was five, she’s like my baby sister, and I betrayed her by getting sick, a futile death, at least wait until I do something worth dying for!

I thought the same thing when everyone, including myself, thought Ellie would die. I had sat next to her bed, yet afraid to even touch her, to caress her, not letting her find me in weakness, and here I lay, fragile, the weakest I had ever been. Tears gathered at the corner of my left eye, but I didn’t let them fall.

Chapter 15
“Ellie?” Benjamin called my name; I was in a foetal position on my bed, back in my townhouse, now all mine; Isla had nothing; Benjamin lived in a dorm, I would be alone again. “Do you want me to stay?” He said exasperatingly, I shook my head slightly; I didn’t want him to see me cry. “Why are you shutting me out?!” I didn’t flinch at his raised tone, “I’m trying to be here for you, but you’re not talking to me! How can I help you when you don’t let me in?!” I turned away from him, my heart aching as I spun; he chuckled in despair, a sigh filling his heart, “We were going to get married,” I shot up, no longer in control of myself, letting the scene play out in front of me as if watching from behind a glass window. “Were?” He threw his hands up in the air,
“YEAH! How do you expect me to stick around when you don’t treat me like someone you want to be with?!”
“Maybe, I need some alone time!” He stared at me, his mouth open, his eyes wide,
“Yeah?! Well, so do I! Don’t come crying to me when you regret what you said!” And with that, he turned, slamming the door behind him as he left the house.

No.

No.

No.

This isn’t happening.

I didn’t do that.

That wasn’t my fault.

It was his.

Mine.

His.

It was mine… 

Why did I want him to leave?

To feel sorry for myself?

Alone?

Where is being alone going to get me?

Other than alone?

DING!

Who’s that?

“Eliana?!”

A familiar voice, not one I knew very well, but someone I knew.

“Come on! I may have one arm, but I can still ring a doorbell!”

Devan.

My limbs refused to be commanded, my lack of motivation weighed me down, paralysing me shackling me to my bed.

“I will kick this door down; I know you’re in there; I saw some guy leave.”

I can’t move. I melted off the bed instead. Soberly and slowly slithering on the ground towards the door, Devan must’ve seen my shadow in the dimly lit lounge, “Hello! Just good to know you’re in there!” 

My eyes threatened to close as I leant against the grand door, my silently tear-stained cheeks creating rifts in my skin, a headache thanks to my eternal frown. 

“Look, I know about Christina,” a long pause, “It’s a shock, isn’t it?” My lips quivered as I let out a trembling sigh, fighting the urge to cry out. “God is still here, you know? He never leaves; just open your heart to Him, and He will bring you peace, maybe in the form of something resolving, or something as small as a restful night; just ask.” My hand made its way to the door handle, but when I opened it, Devan was gone; I was alone again.

But that’s what I wanted, right? That’s why I push everyone away because I want to be alone.

I don’t know what I want anymore.

“Um. Okay. God, hello. I need help, and apparently, You can give it to me. So please, help? No, wait, that’s too forward. Um. I’ve seen Christina be firm, and so is Devan; I’m guessing. You gave them that strength, so can I have some?” I took a breath, trying to bury my emotions, “Please? Can you take over? Take the wheel and give me the strength to survive the journey!” 

My voice broke, I lost control, my brain was being suffocated by my skull, my body shook, I couldn’t hold myself up, slumping to the ground. A trembling, red-faced, crying mess sprawled on the floor with no one.

“I can’t do it, I can’t do it, God,” then suddenly, warmth, not the painful tight heat that had wrapped around me, but a kind, warm embrace, but no one was there. I nestled into the floor. 

Maybe God did care.

I slept a peaceful, content sleep; my mind was calm yet making decisions; I would finish what I had started, go on the New Zealandia mission, and make Christina proud.

Chapter 16
Dark, cold, wet air. The wetsuit hugged my figure as my hands turned white and shook harder than my trembling legs. My first training session since my panic attack. I could feel the stares of the other recruits and the watchful eye of Alicia, the scientist who had driven us here. I wriggled into my wetsuit with no problem, but I couldn’t erase the memory of Christina lying in bed, her face to the ceiling, calm as she asked the doctors to buy her some time. I wouldn’t let her time go to waste.

Alicia stood near me as I gingerly equipped myself with the necessary apparatus, breathing deeply with each slide, click and clack, smoothing my hair before placing the headgear, and preparing myself for the suffocating goggles that latched onto my eyes. The door to the pier was open, and I could hear the waves as they lapped at the sides, now to see what I’m made of, I thought to myself. I was without Christina, Benjamin, and Devan, and I needed to stop relying on others and myself; I had to draw my strength from someone who had infinite power, God.

“Please be with me, please be with me, please be with me,” I whispered, chanting to myself as we traversed across the pier. My legs marched as I tried to raise my flippers so I wouldn’t trip and fall flat on my face; having a panic attack then returning was embarrassing enough.

The water would swallow me. The water would freeze, and I’d drown. I’m unsafe. I’m not safe. I need Christina. Christina hasn’t checked my equipment. Christina NEEDS to check my gear. How does the gear work? Isla tried to kill me. Freya wanted me dead. They were both in jail. They were in prison, and I’m free. I need to see them. No, I need to face my fears. How does the equipment work? I need to see Christina. Christina wants you to face your fears. PAY ATTENTION!

Alicia was giving us a brief, and I hadn’t been listening. I’m gonna vomit. I’m gonna die. I wasn’t listening. I need to see Christina. I need Christina!

“Eliana!”
‘Huh?!” My head whipped up, and I snapped out of my panic, 
“The gear works the same as usual; it just lets you swim lower,” who said that? I spun my head around to see Alicia looking at me expectantly, “That’s what you asked, right?” I pursed my lips,
“Did I speak out loud?” Alicia nodded, “Did you hear anything else?” Alicia shook her head; I looked around at the other recruits; they also shook their heads to reassure me. 

Maybe I was safe.

First my feet, then my legs, the water clung to me, but it wasn’t cold; it was fresh and made me feel free. It didn’t weigh me down or feel like shackles around my legs, so I dipped deeper to my waist, then my chest, and I submerged. No sand caked my vision, and I had a clear line of sight straight to the bottom. I forgot how clear the ocean was and how colourful. Nothing but coral and placid fish, and little streaks of sunlight, leading the way through the sea. I could see the recruits slightly ahead of me and saw one of the recruits at the very bottom of where we were, their fingers driving through the sand, making mini roads, not looking where they were going. At first, I smiled until I looked ahead of them. Barely 2 metres away was a stingray, minding its own business and not moving.

My brain kicked into gear, all fears vanished, and all I saw was the recruit in danger. I sliced through the water and grabbed the back to their swimsuit; they snapped out of their gay trance and stared angrily at me until I pointed ahead at the stingray, who still hadn’t moved. I could faintly see their eyes widen as they turned back to me, then pointed up to the surface.

Once we cleared the roof of the sea, they spat the breathing tube out of their mouth, “I was starting to think you wouldn’t do it,” I spat my pipe out as well,
“Do what?”
“Dive down, save the day,” I shook my head,
“What do you mean?” They smiled cheekily,
“We all know about what happened, and I could see you were terrified; I thought a rescue mission might take your mind off of everything.” I chuckled in disbelief,
“Well, um, yeah, I guess it worked,” the recruit smiled,
“Good, I’m Sandy, by the way,”
“Ellie,” we awkwardly shook hands as we tried to stay afloat,
“See ya,” she smiled, then dived again; I giggled, put my breathing tube back in my mouth, and rejoined the group.

Chapter 17
It was the day. The sun was shining, but a storm was brewing within me. The current was soft, almost like a cradle lulling a child to sleep, perhaps God telling me that I would be okay. I could see a family of four on the opposite side of the pier; the family was eating a super-sized beautiful bowl of chocolate gelato. Their beautiful fox-like eyes wrinkled as they smiled, and the light reflected off their golden hazel eyes. I smiled; there was joy in their hearts, as warm as the balmy sun.

We had all been gathered, kitted up and ready to go in a room filled with computer screens and microphones, and people seated at wheelie chairs, prepared to communicate with us and monitor our oxygen, everything we see, and everything we don’t, keeping us safe.

I hadn’t had time to see Christina in person for a few weeks, only chatting with her on the phone. I hadn’t mentioned the date of the New Zealandia trip because I didn’t want to pressure her, but I knew she knew what was going on. On the one hand, I wanted her to come and watch me, but on the other, I wanted her to reserve her energy. She probably wouldn’t… 

Benjamin hadn’t reached out to me since our fight, and I didn’t blame him. I HAD shut him out, and it was worse, especially since we had been planning to get married, for goodness sake! We could barely handle one moment of vulnerability; how would we handle “Life Partners ‘till Death Do Us Part?”

“Okay!” Alicia called for our attention, “This is what you’ve worked for, this is what you’ve been training for weeks, some of you longer than that!” She smiled as she singled people out, including me. “No matter how long you’ve trained, whether it was for this or not, none of you got here overnight, and you should be very proud of where you are right now!” A cheer went up around the room, and everyone clapped. I locked eyes with Sandy for a second, and she gave me a cheesy, wide grin, so I returned the smirk with a slightly more reserved approach, mainly relying on a twinkle in my eye.

Alicia started to lower her high arms, gesturing for us to quieten, “Not only are you all making history, but we have an exceptional guest with us today, a scuba-diving veteran if you will!” My stomach dropped; it can’t be Christina.

“Christina Bailey!” Another cheer, a door opened and Drew rolled Christina into the room. Her eyes were baggy and on the verge of closing as she tried to give a small wave. One side of her body looked paralysed, as I could see her searching the small crowd of recruits. “Chris!” I yelled, thrusting my hand up in the air, Christina’s head slowly inclined in my direction, but her eyes didn’t land on me. I looked forward through the crowd, trying to find a gap; when Sandy saw me struggling, she pushed over to me and pulled me through the recruits. Before approaching Chris, I turned to Sandy, “I owe you lunch,” she scoffed,
“Oh, puh-lease! I’m just doing me!” She smiled, and I tried to sound persistent yet kind,
“And you deserve so much! Please let me take you to lunch,” She looked to Chris, then back to me, “I’ll hold you to that,” she smiled and then waltzed away.

“Chris,” I bent down below her, “Hi, it’s Ellie!” 
“Ellie!” Christina smiled, her voice sounding higher-pitched than usual, holding a heavier weight than ever before. “Oh m-my, I can barely s-s-see you, and it feels as if I, as if I stepped on a h-hedgehog!” Despite her seemingly chirpy tone, I could tell she was in a dark place, and tears seemed to border on the tips of her eyes. “So, how have you been? Are you okay?” Christina’s unmoving figure seemed to stiffen, “I’m s-seeing the world in a wh-whole new light,” the chirpy persona was gone, and the groups of recruits were taken to another room. “I don’t, uh, I don’t want to burden you,” she breathed; Drew looked down at us, his brow furrowed in worry, “It’s okay,” I replied to Chris, “Talk to me, you built me to handle stuff like this.” Chris half-chuckled,
“Built you? I didn’t, I didn’t build you, that was y-you and God,” I smiled, no personality changes yet, “I c-could barely get up in the morning, I have a c-constant yet t-tolerable headache, I can barely move the l-l-left side of my body, and the world is a blur of c–c-colours.” I almost laughed,
“You sound like me,” the right side of her mouth perked up,
“Kind of i-ironic innit? W-we swapped p-places.” I laughed half-heartedly, not wanting to seem insensitive, “You can laugh,” I shut my mouth,
“Sorry,”
“Don’t, don’t apologise.” The dynamic shifted; Christina’s tolerance was low,
“Fine, I hope I haven’t damaged my integrity in your eyes,” Christina had laid her head back, and I could see her smile again, “That was the s-same thing, but b-better.”

“Ellie?” I heard Alicia coming up behind me, “We’re about to start,” my stomach dropped, and my heart pounded quickly; as I looked back to Christina, she held her hand up in a grabbing gesture, directed towards Alicia. Alicia grabbed a headset and placed it in Christina’s hand, “I will b-be in your ear the who-whole time.” 
“You better not yell at me then,”
“I can’t make any promises.” I laughed, a full, hearty laugh, the first one in months,
“I’ll see you soon!”

Chapter 18
Weightless, floating, free. A school of fish swarming to create an ever-changing tunnel, the light began to die as we delved deeper into the sea. Caves and boulders surrounded us, covered with tiny holes, sea anemones and barnacles. Small and large fish zigzagged and created shapes with their body’s movements, streaks of light danced on the sand, turtles danced through the water. Sharks ignored our careful movements through the water; dolphins chittered and brushed us with their bodies. Light reigned over the seas.

“Hi, Ellie!” Christina greeted in my ear,
“Hi, Chris,” I whispered, too mesmerised to speak,
“You sh-should be coming up on a p-pitch-black section; turn your l-l-light on and follow the purple l-l-light; that’s your le-leader.” Alicia chirped in my ear. I fumbled for the light attached to my helmet and flicked it on, then squinted through the dark to find multiple yellow lights switch on, and finally a luminous purple light.

“How are y-you holding up?” Christina inquired,
“I’m good,” I wasn’t; I had feverishly been checking my oxygen levels on the lit-up watch attached around my wrist. “I-I see ev-er-ything you see,” Chris reminded me,
“Yep,” I hissed, trying to focus on not panicking; we were too far down to panic, too far down to back out. “Just breathe, I’m h-here, you’re surrounded by p-people who are willing to protect you, and G-God is leading yo-ou through the water, holding you the who-whole time.” I smiled, then remembered a verse Christina had shared with me, “Ye though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for you are with me, your rod and your staff they comfort me.”
“Psalm 23:4,” Christina finished.

The words from the Bible seemed to send a warm shiver down my spine, encapsulating me in peace, when suddenly, the blanket of darkness broke. 

A brilliant light illuminated our faces, coming from a small cave carved into the rocky foundations of New Zealand. “Hang on, everyone,” the voice of our leader echoed through our comms, “Slow down a bit so we can investigate.” Although terrified, I couldn’t help a little bit of excitement and curiosity rising from within me. We floated towards the light, and all snapped the tinted mode onto our goggles, shielding us from the blinding glow and letting a building take shape. A monument of sorts, the building itself in ruins, but the light source, a brilliant golden throne, stood proudly.

“It’s like a gateway to Heaven,” Christina breathed in my ear, her speech clearing momentarily,
“Yeah,” I whispered back.
“Okay, everyone,” the leader’s voice sounded in our ears, “It seems safe; let’s investigate.” I felt a small current lift from beneath my arms and pull me towards the bright monument, and once we were inside, my eyes started to adjust. Cavemen-like drawings were lining the walls, taking the shapes of terrifying creatures. The first had ten horns and seven heads, each horn was wearing a small crown, and horrible names were written on the heads. It looked like a cross between a leopard, a bear and a lion, and people were bowing to it! Worshipping it as if it was a deity! The people bowing low had the words “Sinner” and “Non-Believer” etched into their hearts. “Revelations,” Christina spoke in awe. I was in too much shock to respond, and before I knew it, we had reached the surface.

Claps. Pats on the back. “Well done! You just made history! What a crazy discovery!” Sunshine manifested deep within my heart and bubbled past my mouth, and I let it. Tears of light streamed down my face, and my lips were stuck in an upturned position. Triumph soared through my soul like a shooting star, and I was dizzy with joy. My happiness seemed to lighten the load of the past year as the world became a haze, and I lost all weight hanging on my legs. The terror and sadness and pain and confusion of the year dissolved like salt in the sea. Suddenly, a tall figure erupted through the haze.

Benjamin, slightly hunched over, standing on the pier, decked out in a dorky yellow swimsuit, beaming as brightly as his attire. “Eliana!” He cried, his hand held up to give me a high-five; I slapped his hand back, “You did it! You did it!”
“I did! I did!”
“It’s so good to see you!”
“You too!” I replied politely; truth be told, I had no idea if our reunion was good or not.
“Look, I’m sorry about all that I said; I was mad, I was tired, I was frustrated, and to be honest, I just wanted you to succeed.” I smiled,
“It’s fine, I was being quite closed off and wasn’t making it clear what I needed,” Benjamin smiled again, sympathetically this time, “Maybe you didn’t know what you needed,” I nodded, 
“Thank you for understanding,” Benjamin nodded but seemed slightly closed off, “What’s up?” Benjamin fidgeted, “I was thinking, maybe we should slow down? Take a break for a bit? Not see different people but just be friends for a while?” The sides of my mouth perked up even more, “I think that’s a great idea.”

“ELLIE!” Drew’s voice rang through the pier,
“Yes?” I turned around, not sensing the terror in his voice,
“It’s Christina.” I fiercely inhaled, my heart starting to pound, my legs shaking, I heard sirens, people sprinted past me, I felt someone steady me, and when I looked to where Drew had stood, he was gone.

I found my legs again and staggered inside the little shed, finding myself in the room with all the gadgets, and Christina lay on the floor, with paramedics surrounding her, pumping her chest, checking her cognitive functions, feeding her oxygen, keeping her alive.

It’s loud. A foot tapping. A machine beeping. Ragged breathing. My breathing. The wind blowing. The ding of a bicycle. Faces, talking, staring, watching. The movements of the paramedics slowed, giving up, letting her die. Christina’s leaving me! She’s leaving me behind, alone! “Chris, please! PLEASE!” Benjamin caught my melting figure as my emotions spilt over, screaming at the top of my lungs. Done pretending, done bottling everything up, letting everything out. “CHRIS! Chris, come back! CHRIS!” My screams cracked and broke, my heart shattering in tandem with it; she’s leaving me, she’s leaving me behind.

The paramedics backed away, packing up their equipment, their heads low and shaking, “Not gone yet,” one whispered in my ear. I broke away from Benjamin, collapsing to Chris’s side; her breathing didn’t shake, her eyes didn’t close, she simply stared and seemed to wait, to wait for death. I could hear the recruits and Benjamin being shoed out of the room, leaving me with Chris and Drew. 

“You know, when she found out she was going to die sooner than expected, she gave me a list of things that would happen when she died; I wrote it down.” Drew pulled a crumpled bit of paper out of his pocket, “It was my mission to make it happen.” He gingerly smoothed the ripping piece of paper on his pant leg and started to read.

“Number one, don’t go to or die in a hospital or hospice; check!” He fingered a checkmark next to the words, “Number two, be with Drew,” he gestured to himself and mimed another checkmark, “Number three, die to a swan song,” his voice was chirpy, but his eyes were soaked with teardrops, “Hmm… I’m no singer, but do you have any ideas?” His question was pointed at me; I thought for a while, “There is one song, the first Christian song Christina ever showed me.”

“Take me to the golden gate
Embrace me in your open arms
May I hear that I did well
In your eyes

You’ve forgiven my transgressions
I long for nothing more
May I hear that my mistakes
Are only missed takes

No need to start again
To be tormented forevermore
For I
Am
Home.”

A moment of silence, a smile on Christina’s lips, as her eyes closed, her soul pushing through the borders of her body, but not before she spoke, saying, “He will never let go.”

Chapter 19
Gone. Chris’ gone. She’s not coming back. I’m all alone. She’s gone. The most significant loss of my life on the floor of a shed on a random pier. My stomach contracted as my body racked with sobs, tears scarring my face as they ran down my hot cheeks. Christina lay, her body lifeless, yet her soul full of life, whisked up to the golden gates, embraced in God’s arms, in a better place.

I heard Drew sniffle as he read from his list again, “Number four, Ellie will have pushed through her struggles,” he looked at me, and my sobs quietened as I managed to nod slowly; I had won.

“Quote, “Once I’m dead, I will become one with the sea, and go home to my Creator.” Well,” Drew paused as he took a deep breath, “That’s easy enough.”

A sea of black next to an ocean of sadness, all the people Christina impacted in some way, next to the place that impacted her, of which the shell of her body was about to become one with.

I don’t remember the funeral’s sequence; Devan directed it, words were said, hands were held, tears were shed, stories were told. The number of people Christina had helped through her knowledge of the Bible, the ocean, and life in general, plus her infinite generosity, was astronomical. God had changed people’s lives through her; whether it was letting them stay overnight when they didn’t have a roof over their head or helping them through addiction or trauma, she seemed to have done it all.

The only thing that fully registered was when Drew gave some behind the scenes of her seemingly never-ending drive to help others, reporting sleepless nights, feeling that everyone’s lives were her responsibility, her undesire to show weakness. I had only seen a glimpse of Christina nearing the end of her tether when she had snapped at me the night Isla was arrested. Isla and Freya, I hadn’t seen them in months; they were probably lonely, feeling unsafe, with no one familiar around them. Maybe I should see them… Is that what Christina would want?

Christina wanted to help everyone, and although she wasn’t on the best terms with Freya, she would never lash out, only speaking assertively. Deep down, I think Christina saw something in Freya that no one else did, pressure? Pain? Resentment? Maybe I’ll never know. I could find out, but whether Freya would be willing to talk is a different story. Although Isla had been my friend for years, I should see her. She had been riddled with guilt at the court hearing, so I should show her I was okay, that I forgive her. Do I forgive her?

Chapter 20
My car door shut with a SLAM! I had decided to call ahead and ask the prison to see Isla and Freya at two different times. The first to catch up with Isla and the second to get into Freya’s head. Intrusive and concerned thoughts jammed my brain as I walked towards the jail. Would they be unharmed? Were they scared? Did Freya still hate me? I should yell at them! No, I shouldn’t; where would that get me?!

Once I entered the first room, it seemed surprisingly pure for a place filled with sin, the white walls, chair, tables and counters were the pristine facade to make the room seem less intimidating, although the many security guards and security measures gave a drastically different feeling to the dove-like colour that surrounded me.

I was directed by a kind lady to a claustrophobic booth with a single, cream-coloured telephone and a sheet of glass. Beyond the sheet of glass were a tiny room and another cream-coloured telephone. I first decided to meet with Freya, thinking it would be easier to get the more challenging conversation out of the way.

Freya was decked out in a white t-shirt and weirdly-coloured light brown pants as she unwillingly sat down in front of me. I had reached for the telephone before she sat down, and she pulled it out of its handle; with a SNATCH! “WHAT are you doing here, you half-witted, untalented wretch?!” I fought the urge to wince at her words, deciding to react calmly instead,
“Why are you so unkind to me?” With the rising volume of her words, Freya had risen but started to retract, “You are an attention gold-digger by association with that better-than-all-the-rest Christina Bailey!”
“Christina is DEAD!” I yelled, shooting out of my seat, my face barely an inch from the glass; Freya fell back into her seat, her eyes wide from my outburst, “Christina? Christina’s dead?” I nodded, realising I should’ve said it more lightly, “But, I thought, Chris, she- she always gets what she wants, and she wanted to live; why didn’t she live?” I shrugged, slightly shaking my head, letting her passive-aggressive comments slide, “I thought that God of hers would save her,”
“HEY!” I interrupted her spiel, “He helped her live such a life that they saved people together; you should’ve seen the number of people thankful for her life. They saved me,” she scoffed,
“YOU?! And how did they save you?!” I opened my mouth to retort then remembered this was not about me, I was here to find out why Freya hates Chris and me, “That’s none of your business, but what is MY business, is why you seem to hate Christina, and then me by default!” Freya’s mouth hung open for a split second before launching into a clearly rehearsed rant.

“I had been in the same swimming course as Christina since we were kids, just learning how to navigate the water, and Christina was the top student, strong, fast, graceful, passionate, everything our instructor praised, leaving the rest of us to pick at the scraps of compliments she left behind. It was always, “Christina, you’re so fast,” “Christina, you swim like a fish,” “Christina that, Christina this!” I was never good enough for anyone!”
“Anyone?”
“YES! It was CHRISTINA who started teaching swimming when she was 15, CHRISTINA who would later start her own scuba-diving courses, CHRISTINA who couldn’t stay out of the spotlight!”
“Wait, slow down; you said you weren’t good enough for anyone, not just your swimming teacher?” Freya’s mouth was glued shut as the officers escorted her out of the room, leaving me to dissect what she had said.

Anyone? Not good enough for anyone? “Anyone”, meaning her friends? Her teachers? Her family? Maybe Isla would know…

Isla entered the same way Freya had exited, calm, silent, collected, and light, as if someone had lifted a heavy load from her shoulders at the sight of me. She ran to the glass and placed her hand on mine, plucking the telephone with her free hand. “Eliana,” she didn’t use my nickname, “I can’t believe you came to see me, after what I did to you-”
“Hey! It’s okay,” I could see tears were about to fall down her black and blue face, she had been abused by someone, and I could only hope it wasn’t Freya. “What happened to your face?”

“Oh, this?” Isla caressed her eye, “It’s nothing, nothing compared to what you went through,” I held my hand up for her to pause, “That’s one of the reasons why I’m here; I hold nothing against you or what you did, it’s been over a year now, and although I’m not over what happened, I forgive you.” Isla seemed to sit a little straighter,
“You mean it?” I hesitated, did I? I nodded,
“I do mean it,” I did; I had barely thought about Isla’s involvement; Freya was the one who bothered me. 

“By the way, do you have any idea what’s eating at Freya? She said earlier that she was never good enough for anyone; who’s anyone? Where’s that coming from?” Isla looked around before leaning further into the telephone, “I’m only telling you this because you’ve been so kind to me…” she paused and then resumed her explanation, “Freya’s parents were top swimmers, surfers and scuba-divers, when they heard about Christina’s success and Freya being second-best, they would belittle her and call her useless.”
“How do you know this?”
“Freya mutters a lot, and I’ve met her parents. Freya brought me to their house one night to “Show me off”, but they were less than impressed, turning first on me, leading Freya to come to my defence, and then they switched to Freya. Their words seemed to trigger something in Freya, and she shut off,”
“Like she had heard them all before,” I whispered.
“Exactly; when I asked her about it later, she only said that I had to work harder; it became a cycle.”
“A cycle how?”
“Freya wanted to impress her parents, and I wanted to impress Freya, Freya would do anything to make her parents proud, and I would do anything to make Freya proud; the same would probably go for my future student if I ever get out of here.” The corners of my mouth upturned in a sympathetic smile but didn’t exceed a silence-filler, “Only 13 years, then I’ll make sure you get the best student in the world, you might even get out early on good behaviour.” Isla ginned,
“You think?”
“You have my word.”

As I left the prison, I reflected on my time spent. Freya was stressed and insecure; Isla had been pretty much abused? Their lives reminded me that someone who hurts you is probably hurting; bullying can’t come from nothing.

Once I returned home, I spotted Devan sitting on the steps to my house, “Oh, hi Devan!” 
“Hey, Ellie!” He replied, “I didn’t get to talk to you after the funeral, so I thought I’d drop in, just to see how you were doing!” I smiled,
“You should’ve called; you wouldn’t have had to wait for me,”
“Oh, it’s okay, I don’t mind; where were you anyway?”
“I’ll tell you inside,” I quickly unlocked the door and let Devan in, “Have a seat, um, would you like something to drink?”
“Just water, please!”
“Sure thing!”

Once I had collected Devan’s drink, I sat diagonally to him in my armchair and handed the glass to him. “So,” he began, “How are you doing regarding today?” I sunk into the cushion and thought for a moment, “Honestly, I feel kind of bad, but I’m somewhat at peace?” Devan nodded, “Christina would be glad to hear that; she wouldn’t want you to mourn,”
“No, no, it’s not that I’m not mourning, it’s devastating, but it’s fulfilling to know that she lived such a long and happy life, and one of her goals was to help me, which she did.” Devan smiled and took a sip of his drink; I started to take a drink of mind when I remembered, “Oh! You were wondering where I was,” Devan choked slightly at my exclamation, 
“Oh, yes, but you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
“Oh no, it’s fine, I’d like to tell you,”
“Well, go ahead.”
“Throughout almost the whole funeral, I was thinking about my friend, Isla, the one who poisoned my oxygen,” Devan nodded in understanding, “Obviously, she went to jail for that, and so did her swimming instructor, who put her up to it,”
“That would be… Freya? Am I correct?” My mouth dropped open for a moment, 
“How do you know Freya?”
“Well, I don’t know Freya; I only know of Freya; Christina would mention her at church a lot when she prayed; I think she was worried for Freya’s mental wellbeing and relationship with God.”
“I don’t think she wants anything to do with God.”
“Why do you think that is?” 

I tried to say something clever but couldn’t resist a sassy comment,
“Because she’s a self-righteous butthead?” Devan chuckled,
“I don’t think that’s it, maybe she knows the Lord, but the way she was taught was tainted, maybe her parents hated God, maybe she feels ripped off by God? There’s a lot of possibilities, and it’s our job to pray that God will give her the tools and the desire to draw closer to Him.”
“Can’t we just tell her about God?”
“Of course! But we can’t force her to do anything,” I slumped a bit, then remembered something else that had been eating away at me, “How do you know Christina’s in Heaven? Like, what did she have to do to get there?” Devan seemed to search his mind for a moment and came up with a verse. 

“John 1:12, But to all who did receive him, who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God,” he sighed. “The people who go to Heaven are the sinners that have acknowledged that they cannot do life alone and are in need to a Saviour, they have put their trust in the Saviour, Jesus Christ our Lord, and are always trying to better themselves, their lives and others people’s lives, according to the Bible’s principles.”
“Woah, you had that ready,” Devan smiled,
“It’s a question I get asked often, and an important one at that.” I nodded,
“It sounds like Christina.”

Suddenly, I heard a car pull up outside; I flew to the window, half-expecting it to be Christina, she would waltz up the stairs and ask me why I wasn’t training, but instead, I saw a very different sight. A slightly older couple got out of a cheap car, both bearing profound resemblance to my parents. Wait a second!

Chapter 21
I gingerly swung the door towards me to find my parents about to ring the doorbell, “Eliana,” my mother said softly; I simply stood to the side with my head down and gestured for them to enter. “Who’s this?” my father’s gruff voice commanded the attention of the house and everyone in it,
“This is-”
“Devan Bennett,” Devan shot up and shook my father’s hand with his,
“Christina’s friend,” I explained.
“Oh, Christina, it’s so tragic what happened to her,” my mother sympathised.
“That’s why we’re here,” my father elaborated, but I felt only resentful.
“Of course, you’re not here for me,”
“We’re here to comfort you-”
“OF COURSE! It would take something like a DEATH of someone you weren’t even that close to VISIT your daughter, who lives in another, SAFER country.”
“Now Eliana-” my mother tried to soothe,
“NO! I don’t want to hear it!”
“I’ll just be off,” Devan snuck out quickly. The door squeaked and shut with a slight click.

“Eliana, you know we don’t like New Zealand; it’s a complex and woke place to be,”
“And how is that a good reason to abandon me?”
“We didn’t abandon you,” my mother nervously countered,
“Oh yeah? When was the last time you sent me a text, invited me into your home, came to mine? Came to cheer me on for an expedition or when I won awards?”
“You’ve won plenty of awards,” my father breathed,
“Yeah?! AND?! I won more highly-acclaimed awards, but that’s not the point! You never talked to me! Acting like I crossed over to the dark side or something!”
“It’s not you,” my mother reached out to stroke me, but I pulled away,

“Well…” my father began,
“What do you mean well?” My father breathed in sharply,
“Australia was where you grew up, where you learned to surf and scuba, then you move to New Zealand, who Australia rivals with, and you know our disdain towards New Zealand anyway.” I scoffed, “New Zealand and Australia rival in rugby, and why do you hate New Zealand?”
“It’s unsafe,” my mother spoke, “Their discipline, especially regarding the law, is weak, your father and I lived here for a while, and we got death threats from our neighbours who were also dealing drugs.” She took a breath, “We asked many times for something to be done, filed many noise complaints, and they were never evicted; it was very unsafe.”
“When we heard you were going to move here, we thought we’d distance ourselves from you because if anything happened to you, we couldn’t live with ourselves if we had all been close.”
“So you decided to be selfish?”
“We didn’t want to tell you not to go,” my father tried to justify, “You’re an independent woman, and it wasn’t our place, so instead, we hid from you. Looking back, that was-”
“Rash, overinflated, dramatic, oblivious to my situation, selfish, stupid,” I spoke,
“All of the above,” my dad surrendered.

A long pause, taking in their words. A weird view of New Zealand had surpassed the common sense of keeping in touch with their daughter, and I couldn’t understand.

“Look,” I began, “I don’t forgive you, and I don’t forget, but I understand where you were coming from; what I don’t understand is how you did that for so long.”
“It was hard,” my father confessed, “We introduced you to the sea, making sure you were never afraid of it and knew how to navigate its waters, and Christina took you even further. It seemed like a good idea at the time.”
“But it didn’t occur to you that you could change the decision? See me?” They sighed, “I left when I was eighteen; that’s nine years without seeing your daughter, NIINE!”
“Look, we didn’t realise how much we hurt you,” my father began, “We saw you on the TV with Christina doing your expeditions and things,”
“We thought you didn’t need us,” my mother finished. Excuses, excuses, I thought to myself, so guilty they can’t take responsibility. 

“We want to make up for lost time, spend some years in New Zealand, bond again,” my father said, Because I want it or because you need it to feel better about yourselves? I pondered with contempt.

“Sure.”

Epilogue
I took Sandy to lunch a few weeks later, keeping my promise. We chatted about scuba-diving, religion, Christina’s legacy, future expeditions and the trip we had just shared. “That cavern was crazy as!” Sandy remarked, “That HUGE throne and the cave-drawings, I couldn’t decide if we were at the beginning or the end of time!” I chuckled, 
“Maybe that’s the point!”
“Another mystery to solve,” Sandy whispered, grinning.

That Sunday, I went to church for the first time. I had decided to attend one of Devan’s services. The people were kind and non-judgemental; they sang songs I didn’t know, but someone handed me a book with the lyrics, so I hung on. Devan spoke about the goodness of God and how we must respect Him and remember that He is all-powerful, that we don’t deserve His mercy and that we shouldn’t take it for granted. 

To close the sermon, Devan announced to the congregation, “I would like everyone to please stand and bow your heads, all those who haven’t accepted Christ into their hearts or would like to repeat the prayer, please repeat after me.” The entire gathering stood with rustles and murmurs, so I did the same, bowing my head as I stood. “Lord,” Devan began, “As I stand here before you today,”
“Lord, as I stand before you today,” I repeated with the rest of the group, my eyes still darting around a bit. “I acknowledge that I have sinned,”
“I acknowledge that I have sinned,”
“And need a Saviour,”
“And need a Saviour.”
“Please forgive my transgressions,”
“Please forgive my transgressions,”
“And help me forgive those who have transgressed,”
“And help me forgive those who have transgressed.”
“Take over Lord, for I am not fit to lead,”
“Take over Lord, for I am not fit to lead,”
“You are the one and only God,”
“You are the one and only God,”
“And from here on out, I will try to better my life, my mindset and my faith,”
“And from here on out, I will try to better my life, my mindset and my faith,”
“According to your commands,”
“According to your commands,”
“We praise you, Lord, in Jesus’ name,”
“We praise you, Lord, in Jesus’ name,”
“Amen,”
“Amen.”

Silence, peace, a feeling of floating, something not human had joined us, something invisible. “Please know that whether you accepted the Lord into your heart today or not, you don’t need a fancy prayer to do so, as long as you mean it. God hears and loves everyone, no matter who you are, or what you’ve done, He only wants you home with Him.”
“Amen to that!” Someone yelled, and the church erupted into claps and cheers.

I was home.
