OmniWar: Omicron
By Jose Rodriguez Jr
Cover by Tatiana Villa at villatat@gmail.com

Copyright 2017 Jose Rodriguez Jr

Disclaimer
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, business, events and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

~~~~

Table of Contents
SETTLING DOWN
FIRST DAY
STRANGE SIGNAL
INVESTIGATION
TRAP
CINNAMON
FIRST CONTACT
INVASION
SENSE
COUNTER STRIKE
DANGEROUS TREK
TRICKERY
HOLD OUTS
ISOLATION
ON THE HUNT
CHILD’S PLAY
RESPITE
OLD TECH
LAST STAND
TAKING HOME BACK
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


~~~~
SETTLING DOWN
3001, five years after the AFU’s (Allied Fleet of the Universe) attempted invasion of Earth and it's battle with the UEC (United Earth Command). Since then the AFU was renamed the NAFU (New Allied Fleet of the Universe) with the Earth’s joining and the UEC was renamed the UED (United Earth Defense). In the blackness of space, a shuttle transporting several passengers to a planet made its rapid approach.
Two of the passengers were UED policemen. People could tell they were UED policemen by their uniforms, which almost seemed form-fitting, but both were just muscular.
“Nervous, Brad?” one asked, with a smile.
Brad, a young man with light skin and nodes on various parts of his body, shook his head and smiled back, “Nah, why should I be, Quinn?”
The nodes are small, tiny, and glowing green. They are surgically attached for the job. Unlike Myrmidons, the UED’s soldiers, he wasn’t genetically modified but, he did have nanites to ensure good health. Like a Myrmidon, he did have a suit of advanced armor in the nodes’ zero-space. Zero-space is a personal virtual space a person with nodes can store things. It’s actually limited, only called zero-space because the item takes up no space when in the real world while in zero-space or phased in/off. The nodes, connected to the brain via a neural interlink that is surgically implanted, can phase the item into existence rapidly. The person only has to think about it. So, if Brad wants all or part of his suit on, he just thinks it and it will phase on around him. The suits too have nodes on the hands and forearms, so when phased on, a person with zero-space can still use it. The nodes on the forearm are just a backup in case the ones on the hands are damaged or malfunction for some reason. The suits are best described as a Guyver unit or a very advanced Iron Man.
Quinn has dark skin with no nodes. That’s because he’s an Odian, a shapeshifter that doesn’t take too kindly to foreign things in his body. This meant that, unlike Brad, he didn’t have a suit but, he didn’t really need one. He’s immune to most things anyway, except energy blasts, and could even survive in a vacuum. He wasn’t as fast or strong as a person with a suit, normally, but that usually isn’t a problem because of his shapeshifting abilities. He wasn’t even wearing a uniform, it just looked like it because he morphed his body to look that way.
“It’s not just Omicron,” Quinn said, “It’s who is on there.”
“Stacy and I have been broken up for about a year now,” Brad said, “Maybe she knows I’m being stationed there. I think she’s moved on. I’ll just do my own thing and stay out of her business.”
Omicron is the planet the shuttle is headed to. The planet itself is no big secret but, it does have buildings that are top-secret. It’s the UED’s way of hiding something in plain sight. As far as everyone knows - Omicron is just a heavily colonized world. Stacy is Brad’s quite pretty ex-girlfriend and works as a weapon’s engineer in one of the top-secret buildings. As far as Brad knew, the breakup was amicable over him being far away at the police academy and her work at the Stotch Institute (SI) which she told him little about.
“We aren’t going to be stationed far from her home, see?” Quinn said, holding up a piece of paper.
Brad put Quinn’s arm down, “I already have our assignment,” he said, “You don’t need to remind me and I’m not visiting her.”
Quinn was saddened to hear that as he asked, “Ever?”
Brad sat back, “Ever.” he answered. 
“Everyone, we are about to land,” the pilot said over the intercom, “Please, have a seat and fasten your seatbelts.”
The shuttle landed in a busy bay.
Brad looked over to see the doors automatically open.
“Alright!” Quinn excitedly said, “We’re here.”
The men stood up with everyone else and began calmly exiting the shuttle.
Quinn carried a large duffle bag.
Both men looked around as they moved on. The bay had an open sky view of the city. The sun was setting. Omicron was a heavily developed colony. One of the UED’s most developed. 
“Welcome to Ceris,” a woman’s robotic voice said, “One of the oldest cities here on Omicron.”
Outside, they had a great view of the city. People walking around with their busy lives, flying cars called cruzers (like cruisers) roamed the air, some closer to the ground, neon signs flashed, and robots keeping everything clean.
A large shuttle transport, like a bus, was already waiting for them. Both men entered with the others and sat.
“What about work,” Quinn asked, “Nervous about that?”
“A little but, I’m sure if we just stick to our training we’ll be fine,” Brad answered.
“Of all places,” Quinn said, “Omicron, do you think it was a coincidence, or do you think it involves Stacy?”
“Nah,” Brad answered, “I’m a little surprised they put me here but, I’m sure they just wanted to put me in a place I’m familiar with. You were lucky enough to be my roommate at the academy.”
“Good thing we became friends,” Quinn said, “I could use a friend who knows the lay of the land.”
“Never thought I’d be friends with an Odian,” Brad said, “What made you want to be a cop anyway?”
“I needed to break away from my people,” Quinn replied, “You know how we live, together, in pools scattered across the land on different planets. If it weren’t for meeting the Xurigans, then the Eridani, we might still be stuck on one planet in a big blob. I just wanted to get out on my own. How about you?”
Brad then got lost in his own memories as he answered, “When I was a kid in high school I remember walking to my next class and stumbling upon two girls fighting. They were both known to have mental problems but even if you didn’t know that, you could see it. Their parents obviously didn’t believe in having that fixed before birth. Anyway, I remember hearing the crowd egging one of them on. It was obviously working on one of them and I could tell the other one didn’t want to fight. I remember so badly wanting to jump in and stop the fight.”
Brad stopped to Quinn’s dismay.
“Well,” Quinn asked, “Don’t just leave it at that. What did you do?”
“Nothing,” Brad answered, “I just walked away. Maybe it was peer pressure or something. I felt horrible but, as I walked away I promised myself to never do that again. I wanted to be in a position where I wouldn’t feel that pressure. I could do the right thing and no one could say anything about it. I always wondered what happened to those girls, but I always told myself that wouldn’t happen again under my watch.”
“Man, that sucks,” Quinn said, “I guess kids will be kids.”
“Yeah,” Brad added, “They can be so mean but, have a profound impact on you.”
“This was on Earth, right?” Quinn asked.
“Yup,” Brad nodded, “I moved to Omicron right after high school. I lived here only a few years before I went to the academy instead of college. Like I said - I only lived here a short while. That’s why I’m a little surprised they stuck me here.”
“Other than Stacy do you know anyone here?” 	Quinn asked.
Brad shook his head, “I know some people but, I wasn’t here long enough to really get to know anybody. I wouldn’t call them friends.”
Quinn looked around, “Everyone seems nice enough.”
“Wait till we’re posted,” Brad said, “At these games, I know something will go down.”
“Have you ever thought of being a Stallion?” Quinn asked, referring to a player in the games.
“What I wouldn’t do with all that money,” Brad answered, “Outside of that, some girls already consider me a stallion.”
Quinn was perplexed by Brad’s answer, “Huh?”
“I’d definitely get a new cruzer, and a big house, send a little home.” Brad continued, “How about you. What would you buy if you were rich?”
“Hmm,” Quinn thought, “I’d get a cruzer too. A Python one. A house big enough for my family and have everyone stay with me.”
“Considering you’re all shapeshifters,” Brad pointed out, “You wouldn’t need a big house.”
“You’re right” Quinn realized, “I can just get a fancy dollhouse and have you watch over it.”
Both men chuckled at the thought.
The shuttle slowed to crawl before descending to land. Both men could see it was their destination. They, along with several people exited.
“Well, here we are,” Quinn said, “Home sweet home.”
Brad looked up at the tall building to its sign, Ludmille, “We can either stay here or get a house once we’re all settled in.” he said.
“I don’t know,” Quinn replied, “This is supposed to be one of the nicer hotels in the area. We might like it. Besides, it’s being paid for. Once you get a house you’re on your own.”
Brad began walking, “Come on. Let’s check-in.”
At the receptionist desk was no one. Just a pop-up display, a hologram Brad manipulated.
“Looks like…we’re roommates?!” Brad said.
“I’m good,” Quinn said, “I don’t need much room at all.”
Brad was not happy, “Still, we need privacy. Cheap bastards. I guess this means one of us will be moving soon.”
They went up and entered the room. It was big, with a living space, a bathroom, several closets, separate bedrooms, and a balcony.
“There’s a little privacy,” Quinn said, walking into one of the bedrooms.
“A little,” Brad said, “Still, would have been nice if we got our own apartments. I would have been happy with something smaller than this even.”
Quinn reached into his duffle bag and pulled out a simple, large metallic jar. After setting that on the floor he sat and began pulling other, smaller items out and connecting those via oddly shaped tubes he also grabbed from the bag.
Brad was in the bathroom looking at the mirror, “I guess it’s better than nothing.” he grunted to himself, as he phased out various condiments anyone would take; toothbrush, mouth paste, soap, towels.
In Quinn’s bedroom, he was still setting his stuff up.
Brad walked in and saw Quinn at work. He sat on the floor with his friend, “Need help?” he asked.
“No,” Quinn answered, “It’s just my practice hub. I’ll be done in a few minutes.”
“Ready for tomorrow?” Brad asked.
“Yes,” Quinn said with some excitement, “We should get to bed soon so we’re not late.”
Brad stood up, yawning, “You’re right. It’s getting late. We can go on tour after work tomorrow. Good night.”
“Good night,” Quinn said, as Brad walked out.
Brad lay, or hit, his bed like a sack of potatoes. He wasn’t really tired. As he tried to sleep he phased out a picture, “Maybe in another life.” he whispered to himself, looking at the picture of Stacy for a moment before phasing it back in.
FIRST DAY
The next morning Brad awoke like nothing. It was the nanites, it was very subtle but, even those could be controlled to a degree with the neural interlink. He literally had an internal alarm clock. After getting ready for the morning, he walked into his friend’s room.
The jar sat on the floor where Quinn had placed it.
Brad looked at it, “Ready?” he asked.
A shiny blob suddenly poked out from the jar at Brad before oozing out on the floor. It formed into a nice size shimmering pool in front of Brad. It undulated and throbbed into a mass as tall as a human before taking the form of Quinn, and just like that, he stood before Brad.
“Ready,” Quinn said. Being a shapeshifter, he didn’t have to get ready like Brad.
Both men entered a busy elevator, “One, please.” Brad said for someone to touch the button of where to go.
“How was your night?” Quinn asked.
“It was alright,” Brad answered, “Nothing special.”
The elevator was fast and reached their destination in no time. Several people stepped out. Outside, the suns were beginning to rise. Brad phased on his sunglasses and walked with Quinn. Quinn didn’t need any glasses, his ‘eyes’ weren’t even real.
“Try explaining to me again,” Brad said, “How is it you see?”
Quinn explained, “Just try to think of my entire body as one sensory organ,” he said, managing his way around the people and obstacles, “I can ‘see’ or sense everything around me. I’m sure the suns are bright,” he continued, “However, everything appears to me like what you would call a cartoon. Just try to imagine seeing or sensing everything pretty far in all directions.”
“You see colors, right?” Brad asked.
“Yes,” Quinn said, “However, some things are a blur. I can only focus on so much or choose what has my attention. Someone who really practices, like soldiers, can focus on just about everything.”
It wasn’t long before the men entered the station. The reception desk was dead ahead. This time, it had a person standing by. Both men casually approached. In uniform, they fit right in with everyone else.
“Chief?” Brad asked.
The man held out one hand, phased out a 3D map of the building, and then made a path with his other hand.
Brad held out his hand, which the receptionist then placed the map on.
“Here you go.” the receptionist said.
“Thank you,” Brad replied, “Quinn, this way.”
Quinn followed until they reached their boss’s office.
Upon entering, both men saluted the man that sat behind a desk. He was an older gentleman with nodes but, robust.
“Chief Carter,” Brad stated, “Brad and Quinn, from Leopold Academy reporting for duty, sir.”
“The recruits,” Carter said, getting up to approach the men, “Good. I can use you two.”
“For what,” Quinn asked, “If I may ask, sir?”
Carter handed them badges, wrapped both arms around the men, and exited the room to lead them down the hall, “A girl came in today,” he said, “Won’t stop complaining about some sort of weird signal. My top guys are busy with more important cases so I need someone who can handle this easy one,” The men walked into a room where Carter then excused himself, “There,” he said to the woman, “I got you two of them. You guys fix this and then report back for your assignment.” he said, then closing the door.
Brad placed his badge on as normal. Quinn opened his up and took its paper-thin circuity out and enveloped it into a badge he morphed in its place on his chest. This wasn’t like trying to implant something like a node or a disease. He simply encased it within himself, this circuitry is what would identify him as a police officer to computers.
Sitting at a table at the far end was a pretty green-eyed, dark-haired woman, about Brad’s age, maybe slightly younger. Brad and Quinn were a little confused at first, then sat down.
“May I have your first name?” Brad asked.
“Kimberly,” she answered.
Stacy suddenly left Brad’s mind.
“What seems to be the problem?” Quinn asked.
“I’m a communications engineer at the CC or Communication Center,” Kimberly started, “One of my duties is to monitor the quality of incoming and outgoing of all transmissions. Recently I detected a low-band signal. This might be a normal byproduct of all the transmissions but, I noticed these were happening at the same time every day. I can’t make heads or tails of it. It’s like nothing, I’d call it a beacon. Hopefully, it's nothing to worry about but, I can’t find the person responsible. That’s why I came here instead of my boss. It could be something illegal and I don’t know who to trust.”
She went on explaining but, Brad was thinking, ‘What a beautiful girl. I can’t believe she’s an engineer. I bet she’d make a killing as a model. Must have not been hiring that day. I wonder if she has a boyfriend. I don’t see any ring! I wonder how interested in me she’d be if I asked.”
“We’ll do what we can,” Quinn said, then patting Brad on his shoulder, “Right?”
Brad snapped out it, “Uh, sure,” he said, “Let’s go to your place and have a look.”
“Her place?” Quinn said confused.
“Work,” Brad quickly corrected, “Her workplace!”
Kimberly stood up, “Fine, I guess,” she said, “I’ll lead the way.”
Everyone arrived by Kimberly’s cruzer.
“Nice cruzer.” Brad said.
“Thanks,” Kimberly said.
Quinn was beginning to notice Brad’s gawking. He found it quite amusing and decided to keep observing.
As Kimberly approached, a tiny implant in her sent a signal to the building to allow her access and open the doors. Brad and Quinn followed her through the building to an empty office that was about 12x12. 
“Welcome, Kim.” A computer voice said. It seemed to come from all over the room.
“This is it,” Kimberly said, “My office. That voice you heard is just our computer. It’s in all of the rooms in the building and monitors everything.”
A counter expanded from a wall on one side of the room all the way to a chair that rose up from the ground.
“Can’t you just ask it who’s sending the signal?” Brad asked.
“I’ve tried,” Kimberly said, “I get the same response to everything. Central!”
“Yes,” Central said.
“I asked previously about a strange signal,” Kimberly began, “Is your response any different now?”
“No,” Central answered, “That information is not available.”
Kimberly sat and the lights in the room dimmed as several monitors popped up around her. She manipulated the information on the monitors with only her hands. Brad and Quinn stood by on either side of the chair and just watched. Actually, Quinn spotted Brad gawking at Kimberly again.
“Here’s the signal and its history,” Kimberly said, as the information came up across the monitors.
Brad pulled his eyes away to look at the screens, “Yup, same time every day. Noon.”
“I suggest we see if it happens again today,” Quinn said. “Then we can use a police tracer to track where it's coming from.”
“Really?” Kimberly asked.
“It won’t tell us who it is,” Quinn said, “However, we’ll have an idea of where to look.”
“We still have a few hours,” Brad said, “We’ll come right back.”
Quinn didn’t say anything as he followed Brad outside. Once out there, away from Kimberly, he spoke, “Focus, Brad.”
Both men talked as they walked.
“What do you mean?” Brad asked.
“You’re gawking,” Quinn replied, “Kimberly.”
“I wasn’t gawking,” Brad said, “I was observing.”
Quinn grunted a laugh that came out more like a scoff, “Call it what you want but, remember I can see you without ‘looking’.”
“I’d love to have those peripheries,” Brad said
Both men came to one of the busy streets.
“Let’s get some breakfast,” Brad said, “There’s a waffle house this way.”
At a waffle house, they sat at one of the tables after ordering.
Brad was happy with his tray and took a sip of his drink, “I know you don’t eat food,” he said, “Don’t you ever eat anything, or how do you replenish yourself I’ve always wondered.”
Quinn shook his head, “Nothing,” he answered, “I don’t need any sustenance. When I do engage in it, it’s just for recreational purposes.”
“Well do it now,” Brad said, “I’ll feel weird eating in front of you and you have nothing. Get at least one thing.”
“This wouldn’t be the first time I’ve eaten with someone,” Quinn said, “I’ve noticed your kind gets uncomfortable in these situations. Can you explain why?”
“No,” Brad said, “It just does. Now, get something. I’m Starvin Marvin here.”
“Who?” Quinn asked perplexed.
“Just go get something already!” Brad replied.
In line, Quinn waited patiently for his turn. When he was next, three men came up to him from behind.
“Number four, please,” Quinn said.
One of the men got a close look at Quinn before holding a knife up to his throat, “I don’t see any nodes,” he said, “Todays your unlucky day.”
One of the other men spoke to the girl at the register as he pointed a knife at her, “We’ll do this nice and quietly,” he said, “Just put all the money in a bag and hand it over or this cop is done for.”
   Only the people in the immediate area grew alarmed but, the commotion was enough to get Brad’s attention, he looked over a partition and phased his suit on. With his visor, he could see the men only had knives. With little to no threat to his partner, he decided the best course of action was to do nothing. He phased off his suit and started to quickly eat. 
“You’re all under arrest,” Quinn said, “Just put your weapons down and no one has to get hurt.”
All three men just laughed. The one who spoke to the girl suddenly took his knife and plunged it into Quinn’s side, “Shut your pie hole!” he said.
What surprised the would-be robbers was Quinn’s reaction or lack thereof. As the man who stabbed him tried pulling the knife back out, a hand-formed near the stab site and held it in place. All of the men grew scared. The one holding a knife to Quinn’s throat suddenly tried releasing his hold and jump back but, Quinn formed some kind of anvil on his back that shot out like it was on a rubber band and knocked the robber out. The third guy made a run for it but, was quickly caught by Quinn extending his arm to cover an impressive distance. The man nearest Quinn was too scared to move as the hand holding the knife became one of Quinn’s arms.
“As I said before,” Quinn smirked, “You're all under arrest.” 
Brad came over, “Looks like you got everything under control,” he said, “Let's hand these guys over to patrol and head back the CC.”
“Your food?” Quinn thought out loud.
“Never mind that,” Brad quickly replied, “I’m not hungry anymore. Let’s go.”
STRANGE SIGNAL
Back at the CC, Kimberly undid one button on her blouse and turned one of the monitors into a mirror to then primp herself. She put the original screen on the monitor back up just as a knock came and Brad and Quinn walked in.
“We’re back!” Brad announced.
‘There he is,’ Kimberly thought of Brad, ‘He’s young for a cop. I bet he makes a good living with his job. Maybe he’ll settle down. I wonder if he has a girlfriend. I don’t see any ring! I wonder how interested in me he’d be if I asked.”
“Just in time,” Kimberly smiled, “It should happen again any minute now.”
“We’ll just wait then,” Brad said.
Quinn crossed his arms and said, “Like you waited at the waffle house?”
Brad was shocked, “How the,” he began, “You could see me?”
“No,” Quinn answered, “Witnesses are a part of the job remember?”
“What happened at the waffle house?” Kimberly asked.
“Long story short,” Brad began, “We just came from the waffle house where we, or rather Quinn, had a run-in with three wanna-be thugs who tried to hold him up and rob the place. I saw they only had knives and couldn’t hurt him so I went back to eating.”
“How could they not hurt you?” Kimberly asked.
Quinn held up one hand and turned into a mace with spikes.
“Just for the record,” Brad said, “He’s an Odian. A shapeshifter. There isn’t much that can hurt him.”
“Still,” Quinn said, “It would have been nice to have backup.”
“I didn’t want to cause a panic,” Brad retorted, “Besides, like I said – I knew those guys were no threat to you and you had the situation under control. Considering everyone involved lived I’d say you handled it fine, better than if I’d tried something.”
“So that’s what I saw at the police station,” Kimberly said, “I’ve heard of Odians. Seen one too but, never actually met one.”
Quinn’s mace morphed back into a hand and he extended his arm to shake hands with Kimberly, “Then it’s a pleasure.” he said.
“Likewise,” Kimberly replied.
“I’m just a human,” Brad said, “Nodes, nanites and all.”
Kimberly smiled, “You still look pretty impressive to me,” she replied before realizing what she said came out wrong, “I mean what cop isn’t?”
“How about you,” Brad asked, “Anything exciting?”
Kimberly shook her head, “Just a regular, boring workday.”
‘Boring huh?’ Brad thought, ‘Yeah, I bet it was. Maybe I can make it a little more exciting’
Kimberly sat and faced the monitors, “It should be happing right…now.” she said.
As predicted, the signal appeared.
“There it is,” Kimberly said, “Just like I said. Again, there’s nothing to read. It’s just a signal, like a beacon, and like before, I can’t tell where it's coming from.”
“Quinn and I will go get a tracer,” Brad said.
“We’ll be back tomorrow and run it,” Quinn added, then walking away.
“You guys need a ride?” Kimberly asked.
“No, thank you,” Quinn answered, “We can walk it.”
“I’ll also need your number,” Brad then said before quickly correcting himself, “We, we need your number!”
Kimberly chuckled, “Sure.”
‘This is it. It’s now or never.’ Brad thought, ‘She did say she was bored.’
“Since I’m getting your number,” Brad began, “I was thinking you can give it to me over dinner tonight, your number that is.”
‘Yes.’ Kimberly thought, “Um, let me think a little. I think I can,” she said, “I’m a little busy later but, it shouldn’t be a problem.” ‘I’ve got NOTHING going on.’ she then thought.
“Good. Chavrens, 8 pm?” Brad said, shaking hands with Kimberly. ‘Oh, thank goodness!’ he thought before turning to leave.
Once the door closed, Kimberly raised a leg and pumped her fist.
Outside, the men walked.
“I got a date with her,” Brad exclaimed, “Can you believe it?”
“One date,” Quinn said unimpressed, “Sorry for my lack of enthusiasm. Tell me when you and her are actual boyfriend and girlfriend.”
Brad wrapped one arm around Quinn, and said, “Steps, my friend, steps. Little ones.”
As they walked, Quinn spoke, “I’ve never understood this fascination with courtship. My kind doesn’t believe in it”
“You don’t know what you’re missing,” Brad laughed, “Now that I think about it. I’ve never seen you with another person.”
“We shapeshifters procreate differently,” Quinn said, “Relationships as you know them are meaningless to us.”
Now with a bunch of stores at their sides, Brad kept thinking, then asked, “You know I’ve been wondering and don’t take this the wrong way but, how the heck do you…know procreate?”
“It’s quite a pleasurable experience,” Quinn replied, “It just takes any two of my kind. We merge together into one entity for a while and when we split apart. There it is right in the middle. A baby Odian or just a little puddle of goo.”
“That makes me wonder,” Brad said, “How do you know if it’s a boy or girl if it’s just…goo?”
“We’re a genderless species,” Quinn answered, “I’m not actually a man.”
Brad grew shocked at the revelation.
“I’m not female either,” Quinn continued, “I based my look on an image of a model I saw.”
Just down the street, a bank was being robbed. An alarm could be heard when one of the robbers crashed through a glass door in a hurry to get in his getaway cruzer.
Brad quickly phased on his suit and jumped a long distance onto the cruzer as it began to ascend. The cruzer became damaged from the suit’s impact and fell to the ground.
Four men with guns rushed out in different directions.
Brad phased out a stun gun and took aim. It was synced to his visor, so he got a perfect aim. He fired a bolt that struck one of the men and knocked him down.
Quinn chased after one of the men briefly, as a flying creature that easily caught up. He morphed into his human form in midair and fell right on top of the guy, knocking him out. Quinn then morphed handcuffs on him and went back to the scene of the crime.
One of the robbers then grabbed a woman on the street as a hostage.
Brad had already ran after one of the robbers and was in hot pursuit.
Quinn ducked down behind a large sign and morphed into a small flying bug to land on the gun of the robber with the hostage.
“Shut up!” the robber told his hostage and readjusting his hold.
Quinn began to morph, and his growing weight caused the robber to lose his grip and look on in shock as Quinn morphed into his human form, gun in hand.
The robber had lost his hold on the hostage as well, as she ran away screaming, and he put his hands up at the sight of Quinn.
Police cruzers then began to show up. 
The last robber ran into a building with Brad not far behind.
Brad then phased out a small flying tracker and targeted the man he was chasing.
The tracker then flew over, ignoring everyone else and onto the robber’s shoulder.
Brad stopped and seemed to give up.
“That’s it” an onlooker curiously said, “You’re just going to let him get away?”
The robber never noticed the tracker, “Outta the way!” he screamed, waving his gun in the air and going up a stairwell. He ran up to the roof. It was large enough for him to get a good running start and hop over to a nearby building. Inside, he jumped down half of the stairs but, he ran so fast he lost his footing on the last flight and managed to ‘slide’ down as he gripped the rails. It was impressive considering he was also holding a bag of money in one hand and a gun in the other. ‘I actually did it.’ he thought as his pursuer was nowhere to be seen but, he wasn’t about to slow down. He ran outside right into Brad’s waiting fist.
A police cruzer then pulled up and Quinn stuck his head out, “Need a lift?” he asked.
Back in the police station, both men walked down a hall.
“I gotta ask,” Brad began, “If you don’t really need anything. Do you own anything?”
Quinn thought for a moment, “Other than my practice hub and my sleeping jar, no,” he said, “I carry everything in that duffle bag and I don’t even really need any of those.”
“Thank goodness for zero-space,” Brad said, “Still, moving must be a breeze.”
“There are benefits,” Quinn said.
They then entered an empty room with multiple indentations of glowing handprints.
“Welcome to the armory,” a disembodied voice said, it was the police station’s own computer, “Please, feel free to take what you need.”
Brad phased on his suit and placed his hand into one of the indentations, “I need a signal tracker.” he said.
The indentation glowed as the data could be seen traveling along the wall and into the suit’s hand.
 “Transfer complete.” the voice said as the indentation stopped glowing.
Brad pulled his hand back and phased his suit off, “Good, now we just need to plug into Kimberly’s monitor.”
Later that night at Chavens, Brad was sat with Kimberly across the table. Both were in conversation, laughing and wearing casual clothes, but nice ones.
“So, you’re fresh out of the academy?” Kimberly asked.
“Yup,” Brad answered, “Spent a year training before I got back.”
“I’m your first case?” Kimberly asked.
“Yeah,” Brad smiled, “Call me lucky.”
“How’s it going so far?” Kimberly asked.
“Not bad,” Brad answered, “Already got some bad guys. You know about that bank that was robbed, not far from your work?”
Kimberly nodded, “It was all over the news.”
“I was there,” Brad said, “I stopped it with Quinn’s help. How long have you worked at the CC?”
“I just started a little over a year ago,” Kimberly replied, “I began as an intern then just got the job since I was already doing it.”
“Any crazy exe’s or nicknames I should know about,” Brad asked, “I heard the computer call you Kim.”
“I don’t have any exes,” Kimberly replied, “Everyone who knows me calls me Kim. It’s just shorter, so you can call me either-or.”
It was getting late.
Brad picked up a pen from the table and placed it in his shirt pocket, “We should probably call it a night and get to bed,” he said, “Our own…beds. Sorry.”
Kimberly chuckled lightly, “If you say so.” she replied.
“Here, I’ll walk you to your cruzer.” Brad said.
“Do you need a ride?” Kimberly asked.
“Sorry” Brad answered, “I got a rental. Maybe next time.”
‘Damn!’ both thought.
After walking Kimberly to her cruzer Brad kissed her hand then briefly on the lips.
“This weekend?” Brad asked.
Kimberly nodded and then kissed Brad on the lips a little more sensually, “Goodnight.” She said.
“Goodnight,” Brad replied, slowly backing away before turning around to head for his ride. Once in, he pulled the pen from his shirt pocket and tossed it in the passenger seat, “Now, that was a date and the last one I ever take you on.”
The pen began to morph until Quinn was sitting in the passenger seat, “Interesting but, why the glum face?”
Brad ran his hands over his face, “She offered me a ride,” he said, “Do you know what that means? Do you know what could’ve happened and of all things I have to say no and make up some lame-ass excuse because of you!”
“I could’ve walked home,” Quinn said.
“I’m not going to make you walk that far,” Brad said.
“I wouldn’t necessarily walk,” Quinn explained, “I could have turned into a bird and flown there.”
“Thanks for telling me that now,” Brad said sarcastically.
“It was very informative.” Quinn smiled.
“Shut up,” Brad said loudly exasperated, “Next time, you stay home!”
INVESTIGATION
The following morning, Brad walked into Quinn’s bedroom.
“Ready?” Brad asked.
Nothing. No blob poking out of the jar or anything.
Brad stepped forward, “Quinn,” he called, “You coming?
Again, there was no response.
Brad knelt beside the jar.
A vase just outside in the living room began to slowly morph.
“Look I shouldn’t be mad about last night…” Brad started.
The vase had morphed into Quinn. Hearing everything Brad was saying, he quietly crept up to the doorway and let Brad continue on.
“It’s just that these courting rituals take time,” Brad said, “What came up doesn’t happen often and I was thinking with the wrong head. Hell, even I wasn’t expecting it. I know you just wanted to experience what a date is like since you don’t do those. I shouldn’t have called you all those names later. You’re none of those and I’m very sorry for getting mad.”
Quinn actually found it amusing.
“Quinn?” Brad said, leaning closer to the jar.
“Apology accepted,” Quinn said.
Brad quickly looked over, almost in disbelief, and just asked, “Ready?”
At the CC, the men entered with Kimberly. She started everything up as usual.
“It’s about that time,” Kimberly said, “You have the tracer?”
Brad phased his suit on and held his hand up, “Right here,” he said, “Waiting.”
“Great,” Kimberly said, “Let me do…this.”
One of the monitors turned into an interface for Brad to stick his hand in, “Inserting program.” he said, holding up his other hand and phasing out a 3D map of the building. His hand in the interface began to glow sporadically in parts as it rapidly exchanged information.
The signal appeared again, as predicted.
“There it is,” Kimberly said.
“Running tracer,” Brad said.
Quinn watched as the map in Brad’s hand began forming a path to follow. It went up for several floors and made a line to follow before coming to a stop.
“I think it’s done,” Quinn said.
“It is,” Brad confirmed, “Now we just have to follow it.”
Kimberly stood, “Let me come along,” she said, “I can open doors for you.”
The trio walked down a hall, passing several people by. Brad kept the map in his HUD (Head-Up Display) on his visor.
“Next left,” Brad said, “Then the elevator up to the top floor.”
“So, Quinn, any feelings at all?” Kimberly asked.
“About?” Quinn replied.
“Anything,” Kimberly said, “Do you or don’t you have them?”
“Some basic ones,” Quinn answered, “I can feel amusement at a joke or pain if shot with energy weapons but, though I can care for people, things like love are alien to me. Maybe it’s too deep of emotion for me.”
“Haven’t you ever gotten mad?” Kimberly asked.
Quinn chuckled, “It takes quite a lot to even annoy me.”
“Good luck doing that,” Brad said.
They all waited as a few people exited before entering the elevator. Kimberly entered their destination.
While moving up, Brad and Quinn stood on either side of Kimberly.
Quinn looked over at Brad. He couldn’t actually see Brad’s face with the suit on.
Brad simply kept looking forward as he examined the map.
Quinn looked forward and made a sound as if he were clearing his throat, “On the topic of emotions,” he smiled, “Brad, I noticed you yourself seemed annoyed. How was the date?”
Brad and Kimberly looked over.
“It was fine,” Kimberly said, “I look forward to our next one.”
It wasn’t Kimberly’s answer Quinn was wanting to hear. It was Brad’s reaction that he again found amusing. He only wished he could see his friend’s face.
With Kimberly not looking or even noticing, Brad pointed a finger and made a be silent, neck being sliced and hanging man gesture, “It was fine, fine,” he answered, “Just had a little trouble with the rental on the way home. Radio wouldn’t shut up. You could say I’m glad it didn’t blow up on my spot.”
It was then Kimberly faced Brad with a smile.
“I look forward to this weekend too,” he said.
The elevator reached its destination and slid the doors open.
“Quinn, you should come with us next time,” Kimberly said, exiting the elevator with the guys, “I can bring a friend. We’ll double date.”
Again, behind Kimberly and without her noticing, Brad was now looking at Quinn obviously and relentlessly shaking his head.
Quinn got the message, “No thanks,” he answered, “I don’t want to impose, and as I explained to Brad before – My kind doesn’t date. I simply don’t believe in it.”
Kimberly’s face cringed, “Bummer!” she said.
“Down this hall,” Brad said, “Then, second right and it’s the last door at the very end.”
“Did you see the chief?” Quinn asked.
“Yup,” Brad said, “While you went and got the cruzer. I gave him our progress report.”
“What happened,” Quinn smiled, “Did he ask you anything?”
Brad grew visibly irritated, though, with his helmet on, no one could tell.
“It was alright,” Brad answered, “He asked about how my date was.”
Brad, put on the spot, couldn’t flat-out deny anything knowing his friend could just find out the truth later. He now knew it was Quinn who’d said something because he never told his chief about his date. He didn’t know it but, Quinn was only trying to help by getting Brad to further say good things in front of Kimberly.
“Hmm,” Quinn said, “What did you say?”
“The date went well,” Brad said. It wasn’t a lie but, he purposely left out the details.
Quinn was suddenly and genuinely perplexed. Carter had emailed him a message that Brad had actually said, “I think I’m in love. That girl is wonderful. Maybe there’s a future with her.” Quinn was under the impression Kimberly would like that and decide to be with Brad forever.
Carter had said it was okas long as she wasn’t a suspect and only if there was no conflict of interest. 
Brad was afraid to creep Kimberly out.
The truth was that hearing it wouldn’t have affected Kimberly either way. She’d like it in a cute way then just move on at her own pace. That’s what she’d show but, secretly she’d be very happy.
Quinn rolled his eyes and thought, ‘I give up. What else can I do? There’s no helping this species.’
Kimberly opened the door to the office.
The office had a more traditional setup. There was a window behind a desk, the desk already had its monitor up, and beside that was a few stacks of paper. Directly behind the desk was an empty swivel chair.
“Are you sure this is the place?” Quinn asked.
“Sure,” Brad answered, “Must have just missed whoever it was.”
Kimberly sat and checked the monitor, “Nothings here, it must have been wiped. It looks like regular accounting information.”
Brad studied the monitor while Quinn looked out of the window.
“It’s alright,” Kimberly said, “Central, whose office is this?”
“Damane Kutter,” Central answered.
Just then, the door slid open and a man carrying a bag and papers walked in.
“Welcome, Mr. Kutter,” Central said.
The trio looked at Kutter. He was an odd-looking man with his glasses and big spiky hair. He looked especially odd in his dress suit.
“It can’t be that easy,” Quinn said.
Brad slowly approached, getting ready to give chase, “Nothing ever is.” he said.
“Can I help you guys?” Kutter asked.
“Where did you just come from?” Quinn asked.
“Wait,” Kimberly said as she stood and moved around the desk, “Central, where has Mr. Kutter been?”
“Mr. Kutter leaves the building every day at the same time for lunch,” Central said, “Exactly where, I don’t have that information. He is gone for ten to fifteen minutes.”
“Hand over that bag,” Brad said.
Kutter casually gave his bag up. Brad took it carefully and slowly looked in.
“Well?” Quinn asked.
“Food,” Brad answered, “Just food.”
Brad handed the bag back.
“One of our computer engineers can cover his tracks like this,” Kimberly said, “The problem is we have over fifty of them.”
“We couldn’t possibly question every single one of them by this time tomorrow.”
“I know,” Brad said as he thought, “If he sees one of us here he can say he’s a janitor or just not come in.”
Quinn crossed his arms and smiled, “If he sees us.”
TRAP
The next day, Kimberly was sat in her office, manipulating her monitors as usual. When the time came, she brought up the necessary screens and asked, “Ready?”
“I’m ready.” Brad answered, “I just hope this works.” He stood in an empty, dark office behind a door.
“Don’t worry,” Kimberly said. “I’m done rigging it so if the signal is sent, an alarm will sound in both rooms.”
“I just hope Quinn hears it,” Brad said.
Kutter got up and left as he usually does. Shortly after he left, a humanoid alien walked in casually.
“Welcome, Harlok,” Central said.
Harlok stood almost as tall as Brad and had scaly blue skin with yellow spots. He was dressed similarly to Kutter, in a company work shirt and dress pants. “Central,” he said, “Lock this door and don’t open it until I say so. Then run wipeout protocol. Authorization Harlok.”
“Locked,” Central replied, “Door will not open unless you authorize it.”
Kimberly and Brad waited in their respective positions.
“I forgot to ask on our date” Kimberly started, “What are you going to do to settle down?”
“I need to get my own place first,” Brad answered, “Right now, I share a room at the Ludmille with Quinn.”
Harlok sat at the desk and began manipulating its monitor, oblivious to anything in the room. He made a few more touches and then hit the send button.
The signal went and an alarm sounded in both rooms.
Brad immediately opened his door to reveal Kutter’s office a few steps away. To his surprise, the door didn’t open.
“Kimberly,” Brad called, “The door won’t open!”
“That’s odd,” Kimberly said, furiously manipulating her monitors, “I set all the doors to recognize police.”
Harlok was panicking as he looked around for a way out. He was somewhat shocked to see an empty trash bin suddenly morph into Quinn.
“You’re under arrest!” Quinn said.
Instead of freezing, Harlok tackled Quinn over the desk. An electric current ran through Quinn which rendered him completely solid.
Brad could hear the tussle through the door, “I hope you guys are insured.” he said, then charging the door. Even with his suit, he only partially broke though. ‘One more.’ he thought. He prepped himself to go again when four others who were the same species as Harlok came running down the hall and tackled him.
It was Harlok channeling the electricity like an eel. The electric current running through Quinn wasn’t enough to kill him but, it was preventing him from shapeshifting and weakening him to the point Harlok could throw him around like a ragdoll.
Brad easily got back to his feet. He grabbed an attacker in each hand and held them up to the walls on his side with the two other attackers hanging on his arms, “Come on guys,” he said, “Let’s settle down. I’m trying to go easy on you.”
Brad could easily kill all of them but, as a police officer, he had to exercise incredible restraint.
Harlok grabbed Quinn with both hands fully charged with electricity and violently threw him through the window.
Quinn was still unable to shapeshift as he fell and by the time he could, he landed on the ground with a splat. It terrified everyone in the area to see what looked like a person turn into a big pool of liquid as he hit the sidewalk.
Brad heard the glass shatter and knew it was time to get to his friend. Still being attacked by Harlok’s men, he used his HUD to select the Riot Control option on his visor. The suit could be heard charging something briefly before a ball of electricity emanated from the suit. Harlok’s men immediately gave up all resistance and fell to the ground unconscious.
Harlok’s hands formed suction cups as he stepped out the window and then start climbing to the roof.
The pool of liquid on the sidewalk began to pull itself together, frightening and confusing the surrounding crowd. Quinn had reformed himself and shapeshifted his arms and legs into suction cups which he then used to ‘cart wheel’ himself back up the building.
Brad plowed through the door this time and quickly got up to find the room was empty. After checking with several vision modes to be sure, he ran over to the window and leaned out. In one direction, he could see Quinn coming back up, in the other he caught a glimpse of Harlok’s feet as he reached the roof. Brad grunted in frustration, “Never easy.” he said, then running for the nearest stairwell.
On the roof, Harlok ran behind a ventilation shaft and pulled out a gun.
The door to the roof slid open for Brad to go through with no problem. He looked in all directions and found nothing. As he looked again, now switching vision modes as he double-checked, Harlok ducked out and began shooting.
A three-round burst hit Brad and staggered him slightly. It was more of a flinch really from the surprise of being shot at. The suit had a shield system that easily absorbed the shots.
As Harlok kept firing, Quinn came up from behind and knocked him out with a hit to the head.
Brad ran up to his friend, “Are you alright?” he asked.
“Never better,” Quinn answered.
Back at the police station, Harlok sat in an interrogation room with the policemen. Brad had his suit on while Quinn simply sat there studying Harlok.
“So,” Brad began, “My name is Brad, that’s Quinn. I now know your real name isn’t Harlok,” he said armed with the information on his visor, “It’s Orox, you’re a Ketite”
Quinn grunted, “A Ketite,” he said, “That explains a lot. Your kind has certain abilities because you’re genetically modified before you’re even born.”
“You are part of a splinter group that still calls itself the AFU,” Brad continued, “You don’t recognize the NAFU and you guys still consider humans a grave threat.”
“Haven’t you heard of the Anunnaki?” Quinn asked.
“The Anunnaki are just victims of circumstances,” Orox said, “Human’s created them as convenient scapegoats to explain away the prophecy. That’s why they look so similar.”
“I think your history needs a revision,” Quinn replied.
Brad phased off his helmet, “Humans were created to fight the Anunnaki.” he said.
Orox leaned forward, never breaking his stare at Brad, and said, “That’s what you’d like everyone to believe would you,” he then looked at Quinn, “Fool.”
Quinn had his arms crossed, never changing his expression.
Brad leaned back and phased his helmet back on and said, “I also see here you’re a captain in the AFU special forces. Is that who those other guys are?”
Orox leaned back too and said, “I don’t speak to dead men. Especially humans.”
Quinn smacked the table in frustration, “Then talk to me. I may look human but, I’m not. I’m an Odian, a shapeshifter. You saw.”
“You have a chance,” Orox said, “This human doesn’t.”
Brad got up and calmly exited the room just outside where Kimberly waited in a chair.
“Anything,” Kimberly asked, “My boss expresses his apologies. These guys seemed to have valid credentials and their work was exemplary.”
Brad phased off his suit and sat next to Kimberly, “It can happen to anyone I guess,” he said, “How about you? Did you guys learn anything?”
“We checked their workspaces,” Kimberly replied, “All we found were some locator beacons.”
“I wonder why,” Brad said, “What would they use those for?”
“Not to break your concentration,” Kimberly said, “What did you have planned for our date this weekend?”
Brad smiled and stretched in his chair, “Well,” he began, “I was thinking we could go have dinner at Dotys. Then, go to Garinol’s wax museum.”
Kimberly grabbed Brad’s hand, “I can’t do Dotys,” she said, “Their food doesn’t agree with me.”
“That’s fine,” Brad said, “We can go somewhere else. I was planning to finish the night off at the beach.”
“That sounds great!” Kimberley said.
Just then, Quinn came rushing through the door, “We’re in trouble.” he said.
In another office in the station, Quinn sat with Brad, Kimberly, and Carter. Quinn was obviously distressed and more animated than usual as he spoke, “Now, I don’t know if he was telling the truth,” he began, “Everything he said fits with who he is and what he’s done. I’m telling you, an invasion fleet is on the way!”
“Is that what the signal was?” Brad asked.
“Yes!” Quinn answered.
“Omicron is no big secret,” Kimberly said, “However, it does contain top-secret facilities that if Orox and his men found out about, they’d send a signal that this is the place to attack.”
“Exactly how would you know this planet has such top-secret facilities?” Carter asked.
“I’m a communications engineer remember,” Kimberly replied, “Monitoring communication quality also let me see the type being sent and I can tell you there were some heavily encrypted ones. The kind you only get from such facilities.”
“Aliens would be allowed to leave,” Quinn continued, “Humans cannot.”
CINNAMON
Quinn sat in an office full of people who gave him their full attention.
“Hello everyone,” Quinn began, “My name is Quinn. A police officer for the third district of Ceris. Yesterday, we apprehended a man who we found is a member of the AFU, an offshoot group of the NAFU that believes in the old prophecy that humans are a grave threat to this universe. We caught him sending a signal we believe gave the location of this planet. He stated that this planet will be attacked.”
A man raised his hand to speak, “When?”
“I don’t know,” Quinn answered.
Another man raised his hand, “What is the size of this force, so we may respond appropriately.”
Quinn folded his hands, looked down, and said, “I don’t know.”
A woman then raised her hand, “We need to know the extent of the threat. This could just be a small incursion that will take a few days at best to weed out.”
Quinn nodded, “That may be so,” he said, “However, I wouldn’t risk it.”
Everyone in the office began to squabble amongst each other.
Outside, Brad strolled alone through a park not far from where his friend was speaking. He was simply waiting when, at a distance, he noticed two cruzers oddly parked next to each other.
One cruzer was obviously newer and more blinged-out than the other. There was obviously some kind of exchange going on. Normally, a cop would just let people carry on with their business and mind their own but, Brad was getting all sorts of gut feelings to check.
Brad phased on his suit and used its surveillance mode to eavesdrop on the cruzers.
“…a new batch of cinnamon. This one is good.” a voice said.
“I’ll be by with the rest of the money tomorrow.” another man said.
‘Cinnamon’ was slang for a dangerous drug. Brad knew this so he decided to follow the cruzers around. He could only follow one cruzer at a time so he phased out two trackers and targeted both cruzers for the trackers to attach to.
Brad went after the nicer cruzer first. He didn’t need to be directly behind the cruzer to follow it. The tracker told him at all times where it was. He jogged at a good speed to keep the distance reasonable. It was a breeze with the suit.
The cruzer eventually came to a stop at a large house which may as well been called a fort. It was a nicer area of town. In this place, no one would ever suspect the mansion to be a source of dangerous drugs.
Brad eventually caught up to where the cruzer was. He hid himself the entire time behind some brush. His visor brought up a map for him to study the place carefully and find an entry spot. It wasn’t a trustworthy source of info but, something was better than nothing. The interior of the mansion wasn’t even on file. 
‘Good money.’ Brad thought.
The only viable entry was on the roof. Brad snooped around to avoid the guards. He managed to get in the back yard where he checked to make sure no one was looking before he jumped. The roof was quite far and high but, nothing Brad couldn’t handle in his suit.
A human guard who hadn’t seen Brad roamed around with an SMG (submachine gun). Brad didn’t want to mess around with that so he quickly phased out a stun gun and took aim. It only took a second for his visor to get a lock before he fired.
Brad’s HUD showed a nearby door he could use. He quickly ran over to the unconscious guard and scanned him with the visor to copy his bio readings and enter the mansion. A short trip down the stairs led him to an attic filled with covered items. It was easy to move through, his visor navigated a path. Switching between vision modes allowed him to see where the guards were, even through the walls. The guards had a communication device implanted. There was no removing it and all it would take is one shout to get the others' attention. He also noted that his transmissions were being blocked, so there was no calling for help. Going through another set of doors and down another flight of stairs he found himself in a hall, ‘One of these guys has to be the leader.’ Brad thought as he picked a direction to go.
There would be no avoiding the next guard. He stood still in a place Brad needed to pass. Waiting did no good, the guard didn’t move.
With his stun gun still in hand, Brad quickly leaned out and fired. The guard dropped like a sack of potatoes. The stun gun had a disabling effect on their radios. Brad moved on down another flight of stairs to a larger hall. He stuck like glue to the wall and continued observing everyone’s movements. This is when he noticed some of the people were cooks or regular maids roaming about.
Brad could tell on his radar he’d be spotted soon. He ducked into the nearest empty room and waited for them to pass by. Exiting, he quickly snuck down the hall and into another where he found himself having to duck into another room. 
Brad didn’t like the situation, as he could see there was a maid in the adjoining room. Two doors connected his room with hers. He quickly backed up and into a closet when he spotted a man, a guard, enter her room. Brad closed the door so only a small slit was visible. This wasn’t done so he could see anything. It was so he could open it as quietly as possible. He watched as the couple frolicked their way through one set of doors into his room and onto a couch. He wasn’t about to wait and watch, this was his chance to get out.
The couple was too busy on the couch to notice Brad sneak his way across the room and through another set of doors. These doors were more of the traditional kind with knobs, Brad was just grateful that these were oiled up and made no sound as they were turned.
Now in the next room, Brad checked his radar again to enter the empty hall. He snuck past any hall that seemed unnecessary to go through. It was almost counterintuitive though as he headed to an area that seemed the most dangerous. He came across two flights of stairs going up to the same balcony on the floor above him.
Peaking up, Brad could see four guards standing at a closed-door, ‘How am I gonna do this!’ he thought. He peaked again and noticed none of them had any guns. One entered through the doors so now there were only three of them, ‘Tough but, against three with no guns should be a piece of cake.’
Brad, equipped with his stun gun, ran up the steps and fired two shots taking out two guards. One, managed to get out of the way before Brad could take aim at him, ‘It’s alright,’ Brad thought, ‘The person I need to get is right behind these doors.’ He took aim at the last guard and before he could pull the trigger he was shocked to see him phase on a suit. 
It wasn’t as advanced as his suit, lacking; sensors, a HUD, no nodes, and a shield system but, everything else was the same. He was so surprised that he didn’t notice the guard who’d left came crashing through the doors, tackling Brad off the balcony. The impact caused a small crater but, didn’t cause either man any bodily harm with their suits on.
Brad found himself being picked up and tossed into the nearest table stand. Before he could regain any composure, the other guard jumped down and pushed him against a wall before tossing him to his partner who then slammed Brad into the ground.
Through all this Brad never lost his grip on the stun gun. Laying on the ground, he quickly took aim at his nearest attacker and fired.
The stun gun did just that, it stunned the guard in place for only a few seconds.
Brad took the chance to get back up on his feet and regain the advantage, “Freeze!” he said.
Right then a tig jumped on Brad, causing him to stagger back.
A tig was like a dog, only bigger and more ferocious. They were colored and had a pattern like a tiger. It definitely wasn’t a family pet. A second one jumped on Brad, causing some panic as he tried to get the creatures off by stun gun, only to learn stunning them didn’t work. Before he knew it, two more tigs were on him.
Brad, in his suit, held up fairly well even with four tigs hanging on him, ‘Time to play hardball.’ he thought. The stun gun phased back in and was replaced by an SMG.
One by one, Brad shot the tigs off. A guard attempted to grab him only to be shot at point-blank range. With no shields, the bullets, especially in rapid-fire mode, eventually penetrated the armor and killed the guard.
Brad held the gun up to the other guard, who could do nothing but put his hands up. While keeping a close eye on the guard, Brad phased out a small barricade ball and tossed it into a hallway that then erected a see-through blue barrier that blocked anything from passing through, “Phase off the armor and turn around,” he said, blocking off another hallway.
The guard did as he was told. No handcuff could hold someone who could just phase on a suit and use its strength to just break free. Brad changed his weapon back to the stun gun and used it to put the guard unconscious for a few hours. He ran back up the stairs to find a hole where the doors had been.
Standing in the doorway Brad could see just beyond it was another person in a suit. This one twice the size of the previous two and welding a large chain gun. He quickly ducked to the side of the hole to avoid the massive amount of gunfire that then came pouring through.
Regular people were not supposed to have suits but, there was a black market for everything and if one had the money they could get one. This drug dealer obviously had done it to themselves and a few of the bodyguards.
‘I’m standing right next to the doorway and they’re using a chain gun.’ Brad thought. Who knows what money can do but, he knew its software couldn’t be too advanced. If they were using the latest and greatest equipment, the person shooting would know where he was and know better than to waste bullets, even if they had a ton of them and to weed Brad out, why not use something else, ‘They probably have nothing else.’ he thought.
Brad’s visor had recorded everything. Unless the person switched positions, they’d be in the same pose as when he first stepped in the doorway. He now had to completely trust his suit. Using the previous information, he stuck the stun gun out and fired.
The person with the chain gun froze. Brad used this time to quickly duck out of cover and switch his stun gun for a shotgun. With it, he kept firing until the chain gun was disabled.
Now, it was just Brad and whoever was in the suit, “Do anything other than phase off that suit and you’re dead.” he said, then phasing out a second shotgun.
The suit phased off and Brad was surprised to see it was an older, shorter lady. He didn’t know who she was but, found it sort of comical that she’d be in charge because of her age and short stature, “Is there anyone else?” he asked, looking around the room and changing his vision mode a few times to check.
Keeping both shotguns trained on the woman, Brad moved to the nearest window and broke it to send out a call for backup.
In this day and age, it didn’t take long for backup to arrive. Teams of policemen in suits secured the mansion and were soon crawling all over the place.
“We’ll take it from here, sir.” an officer said.
“Be careful,” Brad cautioned, “She and a few of her bodyguards can phase suits.”
“It’s alright,” the officer said, “We’ll use a dephaser to get them out if we have to.”
Brad had heard only doctors use that kind of technology. The dephaser was a small device used to phase part or all of a suit off. It was especially useful to those in the medical field treating those with phased suits on.
Brad then transferred his tracking info on the other cruzer to the officer, “That’s another cruzer that was dealing with these people.” he said.
“Got it.” the officer replied.
Back at the park, Quinn looked around calmly as his friend came up.
“What happened?” Brad asked.
“The meeting just ended,” Quinn answered, “With the director of Planetary Defense running a system-wide sweep and the sensor station going dark in the middle of it.”
“What are they going to do?” Brad wondered out loud.
“They sent out a repair team,” Quinn answered, “I have a bad feeling about this. I’d call Kimberly and reschedule your weekend.”
FIRST CONTACT
Brad and Quinn stood on the roof of the police station looking up. Carter came up from behind, “Planetary Defense can’t get ahold of the repair team,” he said, “They want to send a police squad over to see what happened. I volunteered you guys to put Quinn’s mind at ease. You two and four others leave in ten minutes. They did contact UED authorities and convinced them to send a small expeditionary force to look into the matter.”
Brad looked at Quinn, “Hey, it’s something,” he smiled, “May be this whole thing is nothing to worry about and will blow over soon.”
Quinn kept his gaze fixed on the sky, “To hear Orox tell it. You’d think it was much more than that.”
“Either way,” Carter said, “We’ve sent out a planet-wide warning about a possible terrorist attack. That’s the best we can do.”
Brad pat Quinn on the shoulder, “C’mon,” Brad said, “I’ll get everyone together so we can head on over. It’ll be fine, you’ll see.”
Quinn looked back down, “Where’s Orox?” he asked.
“Transferred to a holding facility,” Carter said, “He’s not our problem anymore.”
On a country road, Brad and Quinn sat in the middle passenger seats of a police squad cruzer as it sped its way over a few hills to the sensor station. The others sat silently, too silent and awkward for Brad.
“So,” Brad began, “Who exactly are you guys? I mean, I know your policemen but, what is your specialty?”
“My name is Deekon,” he answered from the back seat, “This black beauty next to me is Lora. Woman up front driving is Reeves and the other man is Yun. We’re just a group reassigned from security duty at Sora’s Park.”
“Park security?!” Quinn grunted.
Brad placed a reassuring hand on his friend’s shoulder, “Relax,” he said, “They’re still police officers.”
“Still,” Quinn said, “It just goes to show how serious Planetary Defense is taking this.”
Brad sighed weakly and smiled, “I think you’re making a mountain out of a molehill.” he replied.
“We just gotta check out the station,” Reeves said, “Once they say it’s all good, we can leave.”
Yun looked back, “In and out,” he said, “Can’t ask for an easier job.”
“Right,” Lora said, “At least it’s something different from our regular assignment. I don’t know about you guys but, I’m excited.”
The cruzer parked alongside several others.
“Station isn’t far,” Reeves said, “We’ll walk from here.”
Everyone stepped out and began the very short trek around another hill to find the station. The path was wide enough for a cruzer, like a repair truck, which they found abandoned in front of the station. Several of its utility boxes were open. Smoke from the station emanated from one of the station’s windows.
Reeves and Yun inspected the repair truck.
Brad noticed the lack of people around, “How many people are supposed to be working here again?” he asked.
“Fifty,” Quinn answered, “Plus the repair team, fifty-five.”
“Is it just me,” Brad said, “Or does this entire place seem abandoned?”
Everyone then looked at one another and phased on their suits.
Quinn was the only one without a suit. He morphed into a bird and took off briefly, flying around, before returning and morphing back.
“Anything?” Brad asked.
Quinn shook his head, “Nothing and no one.” he said.
“Let’s go checkout the cafeteria,” Brad said, “Map shows it to be an open type near the beach around back.”
“Deekon,” Reeves called, “Go with them. Lora, Yun and I will check the offices. Stay in radio contact.”
“Got it,” Deekon replied, joining up with Brad and Quinn as they moved along the building, so far there was no need to phase out any weapons here. They reached another adjoining section with a pathway running through it and as they neared the edge, all of them could start hearing the ocean.
The path turned into a bridge that ran along a cliff and gave a beautiful view of the beach just below.
“No wonder,” Deekon said.
“What?” Quinn asked.
Deekon looked out to the sea and said, “I can see why this place is constantly on the list of top ten places to work.”
The three came up to the cafeteria in no time. They split up to search around for anyone.
“No one,” Brad said, “This place even has a bar.”
Quinn looked over to see what his friend was talking about, “I don’t see a bartender.” he said.
Brad looked up and noticed the ceiling had a burn mark. Deekon approached him, “It looks like everyone disappeared.” he said.
Brad’s visor analyzed the weapon blast. Any information was displayed on his visor.
Quinn, looking at Brad, noticed the burn mark also. To him, it resembled a regular burn mark, possibly burnt food. It was a cafeteria after all.
Deekon kept his eyes on the surrounding area.
 “What is it?” Quinn asked.
“Burn mark.” Brad answered, “It came from a powerful energy discharge. Likely weapons-grade. It matches a type-2 plasma rifle.”
“Type-2,” Quinn said, “That’s used by AFU soldiers.”
The AFU (Allied Fleet of the Universe) believed a prophecy about a race of beings that would destroy all civilizations, and believed humans were that race.
Brad looked at Quinn, “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” he said, “Anyone could have gotten one illegally and made that.”
“Reeves to Brad,” she called over the radio.
“Brad here,” he replied.
“Better get to our location,” Reeves said, “We found something.”
Brad used the map on his visor to locate Reeves, who was kneeling next to a dead body lying face down.
“I thought you should see this,” Reeves said, “When we found him, he was like this. Life signs are negative.”
Brad inspected the body with his visor, “I’m not picking up any blood,” he said, “Turn him over.”
Reeves did so, a burn wound on the man’s chest then became the obvious cause of death.
Everyone who could then phased out their pistols.
Brad’s visor told him the wound was caused by the same weapon that burned the ceiling. “Looks like we got a hostel situation,” he said, “Can anyone get a signal out?”
“This building is insulated,” Lora answered, “Nothing in or out unless it’s through one of these monitors.”
“It’s the AFU.” Quinn said.
“Will you knock it off?” Brad asked, “We still don’t know that. Let’s see if we can find any survivors.”
“I suggest we stick together,” Deekon said.
“Fine,” Brad replied, “I got point. Reeves, pick up the rear.”
“There’s a nerve center here,” Lora said, “Maybe we should start our search there.”
“Good idea,” Brad said, “We can use its cameras to look faster.”
They moved throughout the building quickly until they were standing just outside of the room.
Brad began messing with its number pad.
“Problem?” Yun asked coming up behind Brad.
“It’s locked,” Brad said, “It needs a pass code but, I’m trying to override it. Just one minute.”
Everyone began piling up around the door, ready to storm the next room.
“Radar shows the room is clear,” Reeves said.
Yun lined himself up to go next, ‘Good,’ he thought.
“Ready?” Brad asked, ready himself to push the button to open the door.
Yun nodded he was ready and Brad pushed the button. The door slid open revealing a group of AFU soldiers waiting for the first person they saw. Unfortunately, that person was Yun, he didn’t take one step before the AFU soldiers open fired with everything they had. Because he was so close and there were so many energy blasts, Yun suit couldn’t hold up to the onslaught and he was blasted back.
It was a wonder Brad was able to push the button again to close the door.
“Yun!” Lora yelled.
Reeves and Lora quickly ran over and tended to Yun’s body.
Brad, Quinn, and Deekon retreated a few dozen feet back behind some desks. They all phased out bigger, more powerful guns; Brad a rifle, Reeves a shotgun, and Deekon and Lora an SMG. 
“He’s dead,” Brad yelled, “Let’s go!”
“We can’t just leave him!” Lora said.
The door then exploded open. Reeves and Lora weren’t really affected by it since they had on suits. Both began firing through the smoke at the doorway.
“Looks like we got company behind us,” Deekon said.
Both Brad and Deekon spotted AFU soldiers starting to come out of hiding and fired on any that began to reveal themselves.
The AFU soldiers wore armor, though not nearly as advanced as the humans’. They had no HUD and no shields but made up for it in sheer numbers. It didn’t take much to penetrate their armor, that was the only thing the humans had to count on.
Quinn didn’t carry a gun, his shapeshifting abilities and being a police officer made him believe they would be a hindrance and unnecessary to his job. He morphed into a pool of fast-moving liquid and got under an in-cover soldier in no time, and quickly morph back into human form to disarm the soldier and then render him unconscious. He morphed again to do the same thing to another AFU soldier.
Brad saw his friend was making an opening to the nearest exit, “Come on! This our chance to get outta here!” He phased out two smoke grenades and threw them in both directions to cover everybody. With their visors, the smoke wasn’t a problem for the humans to see through. Quinn, being an Odian, was able to make a quick line to the exit.
Brad quickly scanned the next room for any hostels, with none, he and the others ran for the nearest door.
Quinn was the only one ahead of Brad, at half his normal size his legs were in liquid form so he slid across the floor.
The walls to the room containing the AFU soldiers exploded to help disperse the smoke. They came running through in hot pursuit of the humans.
The last door to the outside was blocked by AFU soldiers. Brad and everyone else took cover behind a counter to avoid any incoming fire. It was only a few moments of shooting being exchanged before several blasts hit Lora from behind, killing her.
“What the…” Reeves said, moving to cover the doorway they had just come from. She phased out a smoke grenade and dropped it by the doorway to cover herself and the team.
Brad phased out another smoke grenade and tossed it at the soldiers blocking the way out.
Smoke once again filled the room. Quinn did his thing again to take out another soldier. Brad and Deekon took out the remaining soldiers with relative ease
“C’mon,” Brad yelled, “Let’s get out!”
Again, Quinn was ahead of everyone else. He morphed into a bird and went straight to the cruzer and entered one of the passenger seats. There was nothing he could really do, he never drove before, he never had to with his shapeshifting abilities.
Brad, Reeves, and Deekon ran, ignoring any fire from the emerging AFU soldiers. The shields absorbed any lucky hits that landed. They entered the cruzer quickly, with Reeves at the wheel again.
One soldier saw the cruzer taking off and threw a grenade at it.
The cruzer was damaged by the explosion but, it wasn’t enough to stop it from going. Only its back had caught small fires.
“They must have been using a jammer,” Brad said, “My radar didn’t pick up anything.”
“Mine didn’t either!” Reeves said.
“They must have been,” Deekon added, “No one saw anything.”
“Without that station,” Quinn said, “Nobody will have any warning when they invade.”
INVASION
The fires on the cruzer had died down by the time it returned to the police station. All four occupants quickly exited. Brad, along with the others, ran inside to their waiting chief.
“I got your message,” Carter said, “That planet-wide warning has been upgraded from possible to likely. Our tactical experts surmised that the soldiers you encountered used a troop transport disguised as a trade ship to get here.”
“There could be survivors,” Reeves said, “We should go back.”
“Not likely,” Quinn replied, “They’re all probably dead. This AFU group still believes in humans being the biggest threat to this universe and last I checked, the employees and repair team were all humans.”
“Then what do we do?” Deekon asked.
“We can’t see any ship entering the system,” Carter said, “All we can do is start prepping every police officer and then wait and see what happens. We’ve sent out a distress signal to the UED updating them on the situation. They said the expedition team will handle any problem.”
“What about that sensor station,” Reeves asked, “Are we just going to wait for the expedition team to take that back for us?”
“My hands are tied,” Carter answered, “My orders are to wait for the expedition team and assist them any way I can.”
Out in space, various AFU ships began to appear by graviton drive, which made them appear with a shimmer of electricity coursing through them as they’d just been hit by lightning. They immediately began to fire on the smaller trade ships. A trade station in orbit took several volleys of weapon fire before exploding.
Carter was still in the middle of speaking to Brad and the others for a few minutes when a woman came running up to him and stood at attention, “Sir,” she called, “Communications officer Lany reporting. Sir, we just received a transmission from the trade station, Venice. It says they came under heavy attack by alien forces. There’s now an incoming transmission on all bands identifying the aliens as the AFU.”
Carter and the others followed Lany back to her workstation. “The transmission is ongoing and repeats,” Lany said as she brought the information up on her monitor.
“This is the AFU,” a voice said, “This planet is to be cleansed of the human scum. Any nonhumans will be spared and may leave. You have twelve hours of guaranteed safety. After that, I cannot ensure your safety from the flame.”
“That’s it,” Lany said, “Message repeats. Here’s Venice’s last transmission before we lost contact.” She manipulated her monitor a bit more to bring up another transmission.
“This is Venice,” said a frightened voice, “Large alien ships. There are hundreds of them. They keep coming in. No response to hails. They’re firing! Damage sustain…”
“The message cuts off there,” Lany said.
Carter thought for a moment then leaned in toward the monitor and touched a button, “This is Chief Carter to all officers. Prepare for an attack by incoming enemy forces. Secure all citizens and high-level buildings. Any officers located in or around a police station are to set up a stronghold. This planet is now under martial law.” he touched the button again sighed heavily before touching it again, “I’m asking you all to become soldiers. We’ve confirmed that a large enemy force will attack in twelve hours. We don’t know where or their exact numbers but, be ready for anything. Unfortunately, this is not a drill.”
“Not waiting for the expeditionary force?” Reeves asked.
“Hell no,” Carter answered, “Lany, send out a planet-wide message informing everybody of the situation and asking anyone to help. Send out an SOS to the UED. It may be jammed so keep trying.”
“Help?” Quinn asked.
“Of course,” Carter replied, “I’m not taking any chances and I intend to fight back with everything we have.”
Brad wrapped one arm around Quinn, “Sounds like you’ve got quite a bit to learn about humans. When faced with this kind of situation we’d rather die fighting than on our knees.”
Quinn crossed his arms, “I suppose you don’t have a choice.” he said.
Twelve hours came and went. There were no cruzers or people out. Some had taken shelter in their homes. Many people had volunteered to help defend the planet with the police. Barricades and foxholes littered many places. The police station had become a fort with only one place to enter or leave. Sandbags were placed along windows and various sensitive areas as well as a maze outside.
Brad and Quinn walked into Carter’s command center in the basement of the police station. It was dimly lit with workstations and their workers all along the walls. The center had several monitors coming from the ceiling around Carter.
“What is this place?” Quinn asked.
“Emergency command center,” Brad answered, “Every police station has one in the…”
“The event of an emergency,” Quinn finished, “You learn about these at the academy but, this one is a little different.”
Carter turned around to face them, “Brad, Quinn,” he called, “Come on over, there’s an update.”
The men walked over.
“What’s up?” Brad asked.
“It’s begun,” Carter answered, “Reports are coming of confirmed sightings of troop transports.”
AFU soldiers approached one of the guard posts, a defensive position surrounded by sandbags.
The two policemen inside weren’t going to waste their breath on talk. They could see the soldiers visually but, not on their radar. They should have been able to but, couldn’t. They couldn’t see if there was a jammer or find a reason for the problem so they phased out their rifles and began firing on the incoming soldiers.
The AFU soldiers, dozens of them, scattered for cover. One pulled out a small hand-held radar and used it to mark the policemen’s position. He then indicated with his head for his partner to take over. This second soldier had a large weapon he pointed without aiming and fired. Its projectile, a casing seething with energy, followed the path marked on the radar and struck with enough force to blow apart the guard post.
The policemen suffered little damage with their suits on but, their shields had absorbed too much of the explosion to remain active. The officers couldn’t find cover fast enough before they found themselves overwhelmed by energy blasts.
Some people took refuge in the countryside. A family in their cruzer traveled down a designated pathway before the driver spotted an AFU checkpoint up ahead.
The AFU soldiers allowed an alien family to pass before spotting the cruzer attempting to avoid them. Their radar told them humans were its occupants. Two AFU raptors, human names given to cruzer-like fast-moving vehicles, like motorcycles, only these were armed, gave chase. They caught up to the fleeing cruzer in no time and immediately open fired.
The cruzer didn’t last two shots before it exploded into pieces.
A person looking out the window of a building somewhere in the country looked up at AFU bombers dropping their ordinance to then completely devastate it. It was only a school but, it did have humans.
Likewise, the CC was in trouble as an AFU ship, called a demolisher because of its specialty, began its descent over it.
“Everybody,” Kimberly called, “Go, go, go.” She was helping others evacuate through a door that led to its basement deep underground.
The demolisher settled in place above the building. Underneath it was a special projector that began glowing bright red and fired a continuous beam of energy down at the CC.
Kimberly went through the door after the last person and hastily began her descent as the entire CC above her caught fire. Even the door and its level caught fire almost catching her.
The demolisher then released an energy pulse that surged down the existing beam and caused the CC to explode into rubble and lots of debris.
Kimberly and the others felt the CCs destruction as an earthquake.
The basement was the CCs secret facility in case the top became inoperable, it had some of the equipment to maintain various operations. Kimberly sat down at one of the workstations unsure of what to do next.
The expedition fleet began to show up, consisting of a dozen ships. Even they couldn’t find anything suspicious as they traveled to Omicron. A counter AFU force emerged behind them from a planet to follow them. Upon seeing the rather large invasion fleet above Omicron they realized the radar they were using, the planets, provided false information. Switching to their own radar, they found themselves surrounded.
A desperate firefight to escape then commenced. The expedition force was outnumbered and outgunned. The battle lasted only for a few minutes before the expedition fleet was torn to pieces.
The AFU had mostly adopted an anti-scorched earth policy since there was no military and to avoid the hardships of an enemy holding out in the rubble. Only places marked as important or with a sizable number of humans, like sporting events or festivals of any type, would be bombed.  
Back at the police station, Carter was monitoring what he could. The command center was filled with officers coming and going.
“Brad,” Carter called over the radio.
“Yes, sir,” Brad answered.
“Switch over to a private channel,” Carter said.
Brad used his HUD to do so, “Done, sir.” he replied.
“Listen,” Carter began, “I’m going to need a team of people I can send out on missions. You’ve already been on an assignment to the sensor station and seen the beginning of this. I know you just started but, none of us have been through this before. I want you to lead a small special forces team on very sensitive missions. I have my SWAT teams but they’re on different assignments. I need a special team that responds directly to me. What do you say?”
Brad thought for a moment and said, “Yes, sir.”
SENSE
“It’s been over a week,” Carter said, walking with Brad to the command center, “No news on the expedition fleet. We can’t keep waiting. Our radars aren’t working for some reason. This all started when we lost the senor station. Our tactical experts believe the AFU has compromised its systems. This wouldn’t be a problem for the military but, we’re not military. We kind of need that station, so one of our engineers made a reset program that should fix our radars.”
“You want me to go fix it?” Brad asked.
“Yes,” Carter answered, “Scouts have reported the station is still there with a small garrison of AFU soldiers guarding it. Someone has to sneak in and run the program. It’ll take thirty seconds to do its thing, but even after it's done the AFU shouldn’t be able to hack it again. Once the station fixes our radars that’ll be it. The AFU can do whatever they want with the station, so you don’t have to hold it. Just run the program and get out.”
Brad walked with Carter over to the station in the middle of the room. Carter brought down his monitors and began to work them. One ejected a small orange-red disk-like object. Carter took it and handed it over to Brad.
“That’s the program,” Carter said, “It’s self-running. You just have to find an administrator’s terminal and insert it.”
“Administrator,” Brad asked, “Does it have to be an administrator?”
“Administrator or above,” Carter answered, “It won’t work on any regular shmuck’s monitor. An administrator will have the authority to run the changes.”
“I’ll get going then,” Brad said.
Carter reached out to grab his subordinate by the shoulder, “This an important one.” he said.
“Understood, sir,” Brad said, slowly pulling away.
Quinn, Reeves, and Deekon stood at a guard post outside. It was night time and from their position, they could see several fires.
“I never thought something like this could happen,” Deekon said.
Quinn nodded and said, “Especially after the formation of the NAFU.”
“It’s been a week,” Reeves said warily, “No backup, no relief of any kind. Where’s the cavalry?”
“The CC went down during the initial invasion,” Quinn said, “The only thing we could count on was that expedition fleet but, the AFU could have been jamming all transmissions.”
“If only it were still up,” Deekon said, “I’m sure the CC could get a message through.”
“Yun, Lora,” Reeves wondered out loud, “I’m gonna miss them. I sure wish they were here.”
“Maybe they’re the lucky ones,” Quinn said, “Who’d want to go through all of this. The planets probably a shadow of itself and millions are dead.”
Quinn was right about the planet seeming to change color. It was once a vibrant green planet with specs of bright blue oceans. Now, much of that green had turned a glowing red from fires and bombardments from AFU soldiers and ships. Its blue oceans were now a brackish color.
Brad stepped out and found Quinn and the others.
“We got a mission,” Brad said, “I’ve already got a four-man SWAT team to go with us and filled them in.”
“What is it?” Quinn asked.
“Simple,” Brad answered, “Important but, simple. We’re going back to the sensor station.”
“About time!” Reeves said.
“Hold on,” Brad replied, “It’s not what you think. We’re not taking it back. We just need to run this,” he said, holding up the program and then handing it to his friend.
“What’s this,” Quinn asked, “I mean I know what it is but, what’s on it?”
“A special program,” Brad answered, “It’ll fix our radars. You get in while we distract the enemy and presto! The advantage should slightly turn in our favor.”
“Slightly,” Deekon said, “It’ll be a huge help if we can see them coming. No more surprise attacks!”
“Why doesn’t Quinn go alone?” Reeves asked.
“I’ll feel better knowing there’s backup,” Quinn answered, “I have worries too you know. This isn’t or doesn’t sound like a volunteer mission. This is something I have to do.”
“It’ll make things easier,” Brad added, “Pulling the enemies’ attention on us will make what he has to do even easier. Besides, he’s perfect for the job, shouldn’t show up on any radar since he’s not human.”
“I see,” Reeves said, “Don’t worry Quinn, we got your back.”
Quinn forced a fake smile and responded, “Thanks, I feel better already.”
“Let’s saddle up!” Brad said, leading them away.
The police cruzer, using its night vision mode, traveled some distance off the designated path before coming to a stop. The human and his shapeshifting friend exited with only the moons as a source of light.
Brad held out his hand and phased out a paper map to hand Quinn, “Here’s a schematic of the building,” he said, “Wait a few minutes, give the ready signal. Admin is on the second floor. I was told you just need to insert the program. Run it for thirty seconds and that’s it. Then, get the hell out of dodge.”
Quinn didn’t understand Brad’s last statement but, he knew it meant to get out as quickly as possible. “Yes, sir.” he nodded, “I was wondering, any word on Kimberly?” he asked.
Brad looked down in sorrow and shook his head, “I haven’t heard anything,” he said, “Maybe she survived all this. I don’t know. Shame, I was just starting to get to know her.”
“I’m sorry,” Quinn said, placing the program and map in a satchel he morphed. He then changed into a bird and flew away with the satchel.
Brad reentered the cruzer and left, going up a hill.
“I hope he makes it,” Deekon said.
“He’ll be alright,” Brad replied, “He knows what to do. We just have to trust him.”
“It’d be nice to shapeshift,” Reeves said, “Only, I noticed Quinn doesn’t carry a gun. What’s the deal?”
“I don’t know,” Brad answered, “He’s always been like that. He used one for marksmanship training but, that’s about it. Other than that, he passed everything with flying colors, even some tests they made especially for him.”
Brad brought the cruzer to a stop and got out with the others. Everyone phased on their suits and equipped weapons.
“We walk from here,” Brad radioed through his helmet, “Station is over the next hill. I don’t want this to be easy for them. I want everyone to spread out in staggered formation across this hill and the adjacent one. We wait for the signal then rain on their parade. When our radars kick in that’s our cue to get back to the cruzer. Understood?”
“Yes, sir.” everyone replied.
“Alright,” Brad continued, “Move it!”
Quinn landed next to a door and then changed into a big mirror. There were two AFU soldiers here but, they never noticed the quiet shapeshifter. Too much of their attention was focused outward of the station. Most of the AFU soldiers were inside sleeping with only a few patrolling just outside.
Brad and the rest had done just what he said. Even with radar, the enemy would have a hard time getting at all of them. They all fell into a prone position to make it even harder to get them. The station came into view below them as they crawled closer and stopped hundreds of meters away at the tops of the hills.
“Everyone in position?” Brad asked over the radio.
All of them sounded off that they had fallen into position.
“Now,” Brad said, “We just wait for the signal.”
‘C’mon, Quinn,’ Reeves thought, ‘Where’s that signal?’
Quinn, as a mirror, began rotating the reflective part like a lighthouse. It was dark but, the light of two moons was enough to give off a reflection.
“That’s it,” Brad said, “Everyone, open fire!”
Two of the SWAT members had phased out rocket launchers and used those to shake the building.  The guards at the station didn’t know what hit them. Most ran outside, a few remained indoors and took positions on balconies or by windows.
A huge exchange of shooting erupted on both sides. The only big difference being that the AFU soldiers couldn’t exactly see their enemy.
Quinn morphed back into his humanoid form but, instead of entering the door, he quickly snuck over to one of the soldiers trying to find his target. He morphed his hand into a heavy ball and struck the soldier from behind to knock him unconscious.
The second soldier was focusing on one of Quinn’s teammates when he too fell unconscious from a heavy blow to the back of the head.
Now that the biggest threat to his team was neutralized, Quinn went through the door and began his descent. He opened the next door and found himself face-to-face with an AFU soldier, luckily, he had already changed his appearance to match appearances.
  The soldier said something in his native language but, Quinn didn’t understand.
Quinn looked in both directions to see if anyone else was around. Once he saw the coast was clear he grabbed the soldier, pulled him close, and morphed his head into the same heavy ball he used on the roof to knock out the soldier in front of him. He disposed of the body in the stairwell and closed the door before moving on to an office right across the hallway. There, he checked his map to make sure he was in the right location. It was a nice, bigger office than most and with a view.
Outside, all hell was breaking loose. Some of the humans had taken a few lucky shots but, their shields had absorbed the impact.
The AFU soldiers had taken up shelter behind various barricades. A few of them began to pull out radar devices to get a better idea of where the humans were.
Quinn sat down and opened that workstation’s monitor. He wasted no time inserting the program when he could, “C’mon,” he eagerly said, “Thirty seconds.” He began fidgeting and looking around nervously, checking and hoping no one entered.
Back outside, the AFU radars had picked up the humans. Much of their shooting was starting to narrow down to the humans’ location.
Luckily, for the humans it was dark, so even then, it was difficult to pinpoint their location. They had to be more careful and start crawling around when they found themselves under siege by grenades. One landed dangerously close to Brad. He began rolling away when it exploded. His shields withstood the blast and almost immediately began to recharge, though he didn’t want to get back in the fight without fully charged shields. According to his radio, he wasn’t the first or last to back out of danger.
Quinn stared at the screen intently as if it would make it go faster. Moments went by until the words ‘DONE’ flashed across the screen. He immediately opened the window behind him, morphed into a bird, and flew out.
As Brad’s shields reached full charge, he began to crawl back in position again. His radar suddenly began to work again as he fired, “Everyone,” he called, “Fall back!”
All of them reached the cruzer fairly easily. The enemy hesitated to give chase without a working radar. Quinn had reached the car first and morphed back into his humanoid form to enter. The entire team got in and Brad went full speed to getaway.
“Great job, everyone,” Brad said, “Our radars are back!”
Everyone then began to either pat the shapeshifter or say congratulations.
“You’re welcome, you’re welcome.” Quinn humbly said.
Brad didn’t have to tell Carter they had succeeded, a working radar would tell him that, still, he radioed him, “Brad to Carter.” he said.
“Carter here,” he responded, “Damn fine job you and your team did. We’re running nominally. Now, we can take the fight to them!”
COUNTER STRIKE
The cruzer pulled into the police station to a small yet jubilant crowd of officers. The occupants exited the cruzer with people surrounding them and congratulating them.
Brad spotted Carter in a doorway trying to wave him down. He made his way past the crowd and joined the chief.
“Yes, sir?” Brad asked.
“Follow me to my office,” Carter said, “There’s something you should hear.”
In Carter’s office, both men sat. Brad was across the desk as Carter messed with the monitor and faced it toward Brad.
A transmission began to play, “… Brad, this is Kim at the CC. I am with several survivors in a basement. Please, find us and help us….”
“Kim, Kimberly,” Brad thought out loud, “She’s alive!” he smiled.
“Go back out,” Carter said, “Take the same guys out. Bring back whoever you can but, no unnecessary risks. We have our radars back but, the outside is still crawling with AFU.”
Brad was speaking when one of Carter’s windows blew in from shrapnel. Both men took cover on the floor and phased their suits on. Explosions and gunfire could be heard outside.
“This must be retaliation for what happened at the sensor station!” Carter said.
“Sir, I recommend we get to the command center!” Brad suggested.
“No argument here!” Carter replied.
Both men crawled out of the room and ran down to the command center. Carter went over to his station, “We need to launch a counter-attack,” he said, “Give you and your men a path to get out. Go now, we’ll handle this!”
Brad didn’t say anything. Without wasting any time, he quickly headed back to the garage and radioed, “This is Brad,” he said, “All members on previous mission to sensor station report to the garage at once on the double.”
By the time Brad reached the garage a few were already standing by and the rest were starting to show up. Quinn arrived by hearing Brad’s orders from another.
“Into the cruzer,” Brad said, “We’re going out. We got another mission!”
Everyone got in hastily with Brad entering the driver’s seat. The cruzer powered up and took off, if it had wheels they would have screeched. Outside, it was a warzone, explosions and gunfire narrowly missed the cruzer. As Carter had indicated, a path for the cruzer had been cleared with officers along the way at certain points standing their ground as it blew past them at high speed.
After a while, the cruzer came as close to the CC as it could before being stopped by large pieces of rubble.
“This is it,” Brad said, “Radar is clear. Everyone out.”
They all casually exited with no real worry since their radar picked up nothing.
“Quinn,” Brad called, “We got point. Reeves, Deekon, get the rear. We don’t have far to go so let’s make it quick.”
“You didn’t say exactly what the mission is,” Quinn said as they jogged.
Brad switched his radio on, “We’re looking for the CC,” he said, “I know it went down a week ago but, we got a message about survivor’s in a basement. Our job is to find them and bring them back.”
Several AFU starfighters suddenly popped onto their radar.
“Everyone, down!” Brad ordered.
The starfighters came into view quickly and headed straight for the cruzer, which wasn’t protected from enemy radars like the policemen. While still at a considerable distance the starfighters fired some sort of energy bomb that swarmed the area of the cruzer and destroyed it. The explosions came close to the policemen but, they weren’t the target since they were still blank on the enemy radar. With the cruzer now destroyed, the starfighters ascended back up where they came from.
The policemen looked on at the devastation.
“Cruzers gone,” Brad said, “We’ll have to walk back.”
“We can do it,” Quinn replied, “What about the survivors?”
“We’ll have to risk it,” Brad answered, “C’mon, let’s find that basement.”
Deekon searched the area with Reeves nearby and asked, “How do you suppose they were able to get the cruzer?”
“Don’t know,” Reeves answered, “My guess is they were able to track it once it left the station. Once it stopped, they moved in for the kill.”
“What about at the sensor station?” Deekon asked.
Reeves grew frustrated, “Look,” she said, “I don’t know! Maybe they just weren’t looking and we got lucky.”
Quinn used his shapeshifting to squeeze between the rocks.
Brad and everyone else looked around the area, “Keep a careful eye open,” he said, “Scan for anything that could be an opening.”
Quinn slipped underneath a boulder and came back up a minute later, “Brad,” he called, “I think I’ve found something.”
Brad and the others gathered around the shapeshifter to look.
“It’s just a melted piece of metal,” Quinn said, “Could be something or nothing.”
Everyone scanned the area. Under the boulder was a piece of metal.
“Schematics show a door in this area,” Reeves said, “It’s only a few inches thick. A demolisher could have done this.”
“Let’s move this rock,” Brad said, grabbing the boulder.
Reeves, Deekon, and the SWAT team joined in, grabbing it and moving it aside. It was an impressive feat but, nothing their suits couldn’t handle.
One member of the SWAT team phased out a lancer, a device like a blowtorch cutter, only this used a powerful laser. He began cutting a large opening in the metal.
“You guys come prepared,” Brad said, “Then again, you are SWAT.”
Kimberly and others looked on as a shower of sparks came raining down the stairway.
Brad, along with the others, waited until the door had been cut and was big enough to at least crawl through.
The policemen’s radar suddenly picked up the survivors.
“I got readings,” Brad said, “Scans confirm they’re over two hundred humans down there!”
“Two hundred?” Quinn said in disbelief.
“That’s one big basement!” Deekon said.
“That’s what they call it,” Brad said, “These schematics show it’s more like a vast bunker with all the bells and whistles.”
Quinn went through first and stuck his head back out, “Clear,” he said, “Stairs are right here.”
Brad went next. Composing himself on the stairs, he hurried down and phased off his suit.
“Brad!” Kimberly yelled as she ran from the crowd to hug him.
“You’re alive!” Brad exclaimed.
“Did you get my message?” Kimberly asked.
“Yeah,” Brad answered, “It was a few hours ago but, it came in crystal clear. Goodness, have you been down here all week?”
Kimberly nodded, “Yes,” she said, “The CC was deemed too important. This place was made for disasters. Not exactly one like this but, it worked in a pinch. There are five levels here so everyone can still do their jobs.”
Brad looked at his scans of the place, it was set similarly to Carter’s command center, “It looks like this place has all the amenities.” he said.
“We’ve only got a little over a year’s worth of food supply,” Kimberly replied.
Quinn came down with Reeves, Deekon, and two of the SWAT members.
“Hi, Quinn,” Kimberly said, “Good to see you.”
“Likewise,” Quinn replied nodding his head.
Brad moved close to all of the workstations, “Have you heard anything from the expedition fleet?” he asked.
“Just when they arrived,” Kimberly answered, “We got a confirmation they encountered the AFU fleet. Since then we’ve just been waiting.”
“We heard the AFU fleet is large,” Brad said, “Can this place send out an SOS to the UED? Our transmissions must be getting jammed. That’s why we haven’t heard anything back from them.”
“We sure can,” Kimberly replied, “This is the CC. We can cut through their jammers and get a message out.”
“Good,” Quinn said, “We should send one immediately just to be safe.”
Kimberly sat at one of the workstations, “Omicron under large AFU attack,” she said, as she typed, “Please send heavy reinforcements.” She then touched a button, “Sending.”
“Great,” Brad said, phasing his suit on then switching to his radio, “Brad to Carter.”
“Carter here,” he replied.
“Cruzer lost, survivors found. SOS sent. What are your orders?” Brad asked.
“Great job,” Carter said, “Bring the survivors.”
“Yes, sir,” Brad replied, “Brad, out.” He then turned to everyone in the room when hit him. How could he possibly take everyone with him?
“Well?” Quinn asked, “What did the chief say?”
Brad was wide-eyed, unsure of what to do, “Bring the survivors back.” he said.
“Brad,” Quinn said, “How? We even lost the cruzer and walking back to the station with this many people is suicide. They’re probably in danger now since we opened that door.”
“I know,” Brad answered, “Hold on let me call Carter back. Brad to Carter.”
“Carter here,” he replied.
“Sir, that’s a negative on bringing the survivors back,” Brad said, “There’s over two hundred of them and we don’t even have the cruzer.”
There was a pause on the radio for a moment.
“Even with the cruzer,” Carter responded, “They wouldn’t fit. You can’t walk that many people back. Unfortunately, the program you used at the sensor station only reset the parameters for our radars. If they don’t have a suit, I’m afraid they may still show on enemy radar. All I can say is keep those survivors safe and get back here yourself if possible.”
“Got it,” Brad answered, “Brad out.”
Quinn waited a moment before asking, “What did he say?”
Brad thought for a while, then asked, “Kim, do you have any security guards?”
“We only have three,” Kimberly answered.
“At least it’s something,” Brad said, then radioing, “Reeves, Deekon, you stay here with the SWAT team. Seal up that door once I leave. I have to report back to Carter.”
“I’m going with you,” Quinn said before Brad could say otherwise, “Besides, we’re not just partners. We’re friends.”
“I’m going with you too,” Kimberly added.
“Kim,” Brad began, “I’m sorry. You can’t go. It’s too dangerous for you.”
“I don’t care,” Kimberly said, “I’d rather take my chances with you out there than stay in here, doing nothing while I wait.”
“I can probably protect her,” Quinn said.
Brad became irritated, “Fine,” he said, “We leave immediately.”
Just then came a beeping and a green flashing on the monitor. Kimberly activated it.
“This is a priority one distress call.” came the message, “I’m Stacy Hanson at the Stotch Institute. We are under siege from enemy forces and require help.”
“Message repeats,” Kimberly said.
“Stacy?” Brad wondered out loud.
“Who’s Stacy?” Kimberly asked.
“Brad’s ex-girlfriend,” Quinn answered.
Brad took a step toward the exit, “We’d better hurry to the police station,” he said, “We’ll report this to Carter and then I’m sure we’ll go help. It’s in the same direction anyway.”
Brad, Quinn, and Kimberly crawled out of the doorway.
“Good luck.” Reeves and Deekon said as they placed the metal cover back on. Moments went by and then came the shower of sparks to seal it.
“Radar shows zero signatures,” Brad said, “Move out, we have people waiting.”
DANGEROUS TREK
“You never mentioned you had an ex,” Kimberly said, “I told you I had no exes.”
“Difference being,” Brad replied moving through the rubble, “That I asked, you didn’t.”
“I forgot,” Kimberly retorted, “You’re a cop. You don’t volunteer information like that. Now that I think about it, that was real slick of you to ask the way you did.”
“What?” Brad asked, “How did I ask?”
“You put it quickly with another question,” Kimberly answered.
Brad helped her around some debris and waited for Quinn.
“It was slick,” Quinn said as he passed by.
Brad sighed and then caught back up with Kimberly, “It’s not that important, is it?” he asked.
Kimberly turned around to face Brad and asked, “You still love her?”
“She’s an ex,” Brad answered, “How much do you think I love her when I have you to think about? It may be over between us but, I still want to help. Especially with this. Wouldn’t you want to go help me even if we broke up?”
Kimberly narrowed her eyes before moving on.
Brad fell behind on purpose till even Quinn was a few steps ahead of him. He phased out his picture of Stacy and let the wind carry it away.
Not every place was war-torn. Much of the city was still intact. The three traveled at a brisk pace throughout. Brad had retaken the lead when the enemy suddenly popped up on the radar.
“Quinn, Kimberly,” Brad called, “Stop and get down.”
All of them took cover among the ruins of a nearby building.
Quinn moved up cautiously to his friend, “What is it?” he asked.
“AFU outpost ahead,” Brad answered, “Radar shows six guards. We must still be far enough they haven’t detected Kim yet.”
Kimberly looked. The outpost was a good distance away, “Let’s just go the way you came from when you found us.” she said.
“That was in a cruzer,” Quinn replied, “That was a slightly longer, different way. We’re trying to make a beeline to the station. Brad, can we avoid it?”
Brad check his scans of the area which then tried finding the optimal route, “No,” he said, sitting back against a boulder, “Not without taking a major detour or putting Kim at risk. Best option is to go through that.”
“I guess we don’t have a choice,” Quinn said, “Let’s take that outpost out.”
 Brad got back up and looked at Kimberly, “You wait here.” he said, as he climbed over another rock.
The AFU outpost was a still-intact building with several floors. It wasn’t an imposing building. Four floors that were only six small rooms across on each side.
‘Bad choice,’ Brad thought as he pulled up the building’s schematics and quickly sneaking his way there. He’d have picked a much, much larger building.
Quinn turned into a liquid form and rapidly closed the distance to the outpost where he found two soldiers/guards outside patrolling the building opposite to each other. He had to time it carefully so as not to alert the other guard. In the middle of the guard’s path was a cruzer, Quinn moved in liquid form onto the cruzer and mimicked the part he’d attach to in every way so no one could tell where he ended and the cruzer began. One thing he didn’t count on was the cruzer having an alarm system. It went off as a warning, only making a few quick beeps.
It was nothing to the guard since he figured it was his presence doing it. It went off again when he went further away. This time he raised his weapon and began firing at the cruzer causing the alarm to crazy at first then, slowly die. The other guard came running with his weapon at the ready but, went back to his post when he saw it was nothing to worry about. Even the guards in the building went about their business when they realized the commotion was nothing but one of their own. The guard went back to patrolling a few times when, passing by the cruzer, he was quickly disarmed by a whip-like structure that shot out from the end of the cruzer he hadn’t fired on. Instantly, a gelatinous glob of goo suddenly jumped off the cruzer and onto him, quickly covering his entire body.
Quinn, in his liquid state, made sure the guard was unconscious before pouring himself off and morphing back to his humanoid form. He discreetly peeked around the corner of the building and waited for the guard to move on before moving closer. As the guard came back, Quinn melded with the corner of the building and took its profile to hide.
The guard came to his post and turned around to go back. Quinn made a whispering sound to get the guard’s attention and distract him. The guard only looked and saw no one was there. He began to move on when he heard another whispering noise. This time, he went closer to the sound even though he saw no one.
Quinn quickly materialized into a humanoid form, dropping down behind the guard. His arms turned into a stretchy substance that pulled the guard's arms apart. He pulled so tight the guard lost his grip on his rifle and dropped it. A third arm shot out of Quinn’s chest like a rubber band and knocked the guard down. He only let the guard turn around before jumping on him like a blanket of goo and smothering the guard unconscious.
Brad had just arrived as his friend morphed back to his humanoid form. He kneeled next to the unconscious guard, “I see you got the party started without me.” he said.
Quinn stepped closer to the building, right next to a window, “That’s two down.” he replied.
Brad checked his visor, “Map shows the front door is locked,” he said, “I should be able to bypass it with my badge.”
Quinn pulled off a small windowpane and said, “See you there in a moment.”
Brad ran around to the front by the door. He unlocked it with the touch of a button that then caused the door to recognize his badge. Quinn oozed through the window via the windowpane he just pulled. Once on the other side, he morphed into his humanoid form and went directly to the front door to meet up with his friend.
“Easy, breezy,” Brad said.
“There’s four left, right?” Quinn asked.
“Two on the second floor,” Brad answered, “Two on the fourth.”
Brad used the map to find the building’s stairwell. As both men quietly ascended, Quinn morphed into an AFU soldier. At the top, they stopped briefly as Brad checked his radar.
“Let’s wait a moment for this guy to pass,” Brad whispered, looking back and momentarily freaking out at the sight of his friend as an AFU soldier, grabbing him by the collar and asking, “Quinn?”
“It’s alright,” Quinn calmly said, “It’s me.”
Brad let go, “Right,” he said, his visor now detecting Quinn, “Sorry, I forgot you could do that for a sec. I just wasn’t expecting it. I guess you go first and I’ll get the second guy. Ready?”
Quinn nodded for Brad to open the door and started following a guard.
The guard glanced back and thought nothing of Quinn when he casually waved him down and jogged toward him. He had never seen Quinn before but figured he was just another soldier. He actually thought he might be getting relieved.
As soon as he could, Quinn said nothing as he casually took the guard’s weapon away and then used it to strike the guard and knock him out.
 Brad phased out a knife and came out behind the next guard.
The guard barely had time to turn around before he found the human had rapidly closed the distance.
Brad quickly stabbed the guard in the neck repeatedly until he was certain he’d killed him. He carried the guard to his knees and let go.
Quinn came around the corner. Brad’s visor knew it was his friend this time.
“That’s four down,” Quinn said, “Two left.”
Brad stood back up, “My scans are showing the guards you take out are still alive,” he said, “You do know this a war, right?”
“I’ve never killed anyone,” Quinn replied, “Never had to. I was taught it was wrong and would be too easy to just kill. That and our training encourages us to apprehend any criminal alive.”
“This is no time for a discussion,” Brad said, signaling for Quinn to follow him up the stairs, “I’m not going to get philosophical on you but, there’s going to be a time when you’ll need to forget what you were taught.”
On the fourth floor, they followed the same routine as before. Now that the radar showed no active enemies, both headed down the stairs.
“I’m sure you’ve heard the saying,” Quinn began, “With great power comes great res…”
“I know the saying,” Brad interrupted, “I’m just saying you need to be able to tell the difference of when and when not to kill.”
Quinn thought a moment and spoke, “When we arrested Orox for causing this we didn’t kill him. These soldiers were just standing in a place we didn’t like. I see no reason to kill them.”
Both men exited the stairwell and headed for the front door.
Brad kept an eye on his radar, “That’s different.” he said.
“How,” Quinn asked, “How is it different?”
“We weren’t at war when we got Orox,” Brad began, “Now, we are.”
“I’m still a police officer,” Quinn replied.
They exited the building and looked in the direction they needed to go.
“Radar is clear,” Brad said, “You’re faster, go get Kim.”
Quinn said nothing as he morphed into a pool of liquid and took off. He reached Kimberly in only a few seconds and startled her when he took his normal humanoid shape.
“Quinn,” Kimberly said, “Where’s Brad? Are you guys alright?”
“He’s fine,” Quinn answered, “We took care of that outpost. He’s waiting for you there.”
Kimberly ran with Quinn over to Brad.
“You alright?” Kimberly asked.
“I’m fine,” Brad answered, “Hurry, let’s move on before these guys wake up.”
The trio ran all the way to within several hundred yards of the station.
At another pile of rubble, Brad signaled for everyone to stop and get down, “Hold on,” he said “I’m picking up AFU soldiers up ahead. Let me see if I can find a way through.”
Quinn looked over the rubble and became shocked by the sight, “Brad, look!” he said.
Brad, looking at his scans for a way through, paused to look with Quinn.
In the sky above was a demolisher settling over the police station.
“Brad to Carter,” he immediately radioed.
A mix of alarms and Carter's voice was the reply, “Brad, don’t come back!”
“Sir, there’s a demolisher over the station!” Brad said.
“I know but we can’t get out,” Carter replied, “Enemy is pushing hard on all sides!”
The demolisher then fired a beam at the station, setting it ablaze, followed moments later by its energy pulse which then completely brought the station down in pieces.
“Sir,” Brad called, “Carter!?”
Static was the only response returned.
“Brad to Carter.” he calmly called.
Again, nothing but static.
“If they were in a basement maybe someone’s still alive,” Kimberly said.
“Yeah,” Quinn added.
Brad looked on in disbelief, “That basement wasn’t nearly deep enough.”
TRICKERY
Brad couldn’t detect survivors at the station and AFU forces settled into setup another outpost in the area. All the trio could do is move around it and move on.
“Let’s keep up the pace,” Brad said, “The SI isn’t far.”
“What is the SI anyway?” Quinn asked.
Kimberly was just ahead and answered, “You remember when I told you some places had heavily encrypted messages? The SI was one of them. Officially, it’s just a technology company.”
Quinn was suddenly interested and asked, “What kind of technology?”
Kimberly shrugged, “Who knows,” she answered, “They have a few patents on visor designs, so my guess is they make visors.”
“Who cares,” Brad said, “It sounds like a place we hold up. If it's top-secret they probably have an underground like the CC.”
Quinn quickly walked to catch up with Brad, “You dated Stacy,” he said, “What did she go to school for?”
“It wasn’t for visors,” Brad answered, then, “Hold on. I got something on my radar. It’s alright, they don’t register as AFU. Scans are reading three humans!”
Kimberly grew excited, “Maybe they can help!” she said.
“Maybe,” Quinn added. “Brad, where are they?”
“Ahead, fifty meters,” Brad answered, “ten o’clock!”
All three ran to what looked like a random building in a shopping district.
“You’re also human,” Quinn said, as he looked uncertain about going in the building, “Maybe it would be better if you go alone on this one.” 
Brad entered with a detailed map on his visor as Quinn and Kimberly waited outside. He phased his suit off to present himself as harmless as possible and held his hands up, “Hello,” he called, “Fellow human here. I’m not going to hurt you.” He followed the last known position on his radar, so knew where he was going. Huddled in a corner he found what he was looking for. Humans! One was an oriental man with a black woman and a female child who was a beautiful mix of both. Brad instantly phased on his suit to show a strong front and hide any disappointment he had about finding reinforcements.
“Help us.” the man said, extending his arm out.
Brad lifted him, “Names?” he asked.
“Ryan Li,” he answered, “That’s my wife Lukia and our daughter Hannah.”
Brad ran a quick check for their identities on his database that appeared on his visor, “If you can move, I suggest following me.” he said.
Outside, Quinn spotted Brad exiting the building with the family in tow. He ran up to his friend to whisper, “You do know you’re bringing along a family?”
Brad nodded, “Yup.” he replied.
“They may be adorable,” Quinn said, “However, they don’t have suits. It can be dangerous for all of us if we bring them.”
“I don’t care,” Brad said, “They’re human beings and they need help.”
Quinn said nothing else on the matter. He accepted the fact he had to watch and take care of the extra ‘baggage’.
Brad knew Quinn was right. It was dangerous to have people with no suits on but, he was determined to keep them safe no matter what. He spoke with Quinn a lot for the rest of their journey. It was odd to see the city so deserted, ‘Weird,’ he thought, ‘Nothing on the radar. These buildings are all empty.’
The Stotch Institute came into view. It was downhill from where Brad and the others stood. Even without radar, they all had a good view. The building was only one floor above ground but, it was huge, sprawling. A demolisher hovered in place above the building, firing with no effect. It didn’t catch fire or blow up or anything. An aurora borealis-like faint, transparent energy formed just above the building to absorb the energy blasts. At its entrance was an AFU camp.
“Such buildings,” Kimberly began, “Would be protected from bombardment like that. It’s a shield system on the roof. I don’t know the details or how long it will last. Solders on the ground wouldn’t be affected by it.”
“Quinn” Brad called, “It’s time we put that plan to use. My schematics are limited but, I’m showing a few old underground pathways we can use. One is closer to us, only, we have to get closer.”
“If we get closer they’ll detect the humans,” Quinn said.
“That’s the point,” Brad reminded him, “It’ll be your job to protect them and once we’re underground, hopefully, it’ll be harder to detect us.”
“Right,” Quinn replied, “Where’s it at?”
Brad brought up a holo-map of the area from his visor to the node on his forearm, “Right there.” he said, with a spot flashing on the map.
“Everyone,” Quinn called, “Follow me.”
Brad ran to a position in a destroyed building that was quite distant and opposite from Quinn but, he could still keep an eye on him and the humans. He was safe since he had a suit that prevented him from being detected.
Quinn led the humans closer to the underground path in the ruins of a destroyed building near the AFU camp.
“This is too close,” Kimberly whispered, “We’ll be detected.”
“I know,” Quinn whispered back, “Everyone, get down and huddle together.”
An AFU radar had immediately detected the humans and began beeping. One of the soldiers grabbed the radar and got on a raptor with another soldier to investigate the area.
“Stay as quiet as possible,” Quinn said, as he morphed into a rock completely surrounding and enveloping the humans.
The AFU soldiers arrived in the area and began searching, the radar was detecting the humans though all they could see was a rock.
Brad had phased out a sniper rifle and took aim. The rifle had no silencer so it would be easier to tell his direction.
One of the AFU soldiers went down before he knew what hit him. The other immediately dropped down for cover.
Brad fired again, this time missing closely on purpose.
The soldier quickly got back up and, firing blindly in Brad’s direction, hopped back on the raptor and rode away amidst gunfire ricocheting off his ride.
“Sit tight,” Quinn whispered.
After a few moments, the AFU soldier came back with reinforcements. They searched area only to again find a rock where the radar showed humans.
Brad took aim at the soldier nearest to Quinn and took him out. The rest of the soldiers ran for cover and began to blind fire on his position. He took aim again, missing his next shot on purpose. His next shot only wounded a soldier in the arm before he decided to leave his position with no intention of holding his spot.
The AFU soldiers ignored the radar and began a careful assault on Brad’s position. Once they had moved on, Quinn morphed back to his humanoid form, “Hurry,” he said, “While they think you’re just false readings.”
Quinn led everyone to hatch covered over by grass. He had to lift the cover to reveal a ladder, “You guys first,” he said, looking at Ryan and his family.
As Kimberly’s turn came up, Brad showed.
“It worked,” Brad said.
“What,” Kimberly asked, “What worked?”
“The whole idea,” Quinn began, “Was to convince the AFU their radar couldn’t be trusted.”
Brad looked around to make sure no one was coming, “Maybe,” he said, “It will help others by making the AFU think they’re detecting anomalies.”
“I see,” Kimberly said, descending the ladder, “Hopefully it works.”
“You go next, buddy,” Brad said.
Quinn got on the ladder to begin his descent.
Brad, being last, grabbed the lid and pulled it shut as he went down, “There,” he said, “We made it without being detected!”
 Quinn made a throat-clearing sound.
Brad turned around and saw everyone with their hands up and a man in a suit with a gun trained on them.
“Scans show you’re all human,” the stranger said, “Your brown-skinned friend here isn’t.”
HOLD OUTS
“Don’t shoot!” Quinn said.
Brad immediately stepped between Quinn and the gunman, “He’s not AFU,” he said, “Scan him again, he’s an Odian and UED policeman!”
“Step aside,” the gunman said, “I’ll perform my own scan of him to see.”
Brad reluctantly did so as Quinn morphed one hand into a classic peace symbol and the other into a statue of a dove, and was scanned in the most minute detail.
“You’re fine,” the gunman said lowering his gun, “You checked out fine.”
Brad lowered his hands along with the others, “If you don’t mind me asking,” he said, “Who are you and where did you come from?”
“Stuart,” he answered, “Follow me,” He then began leading them down a corridor powered by very dim lighting, “I work here at the SI. I’m a weapons tester.”
“Weapons tester!?” Brad asked.
“Yes,” Stuart answered, “That’s what we do here. Design new weapons and test them before releasing them.”
“So, the visor technology is just a front?” Quinn asked.
“Sort of,” Stuart answered, “The patents are real, made by the military and then given to us.  They’re then improved and modified, very few are actually made by us. We actually mainly design new weapons.”
Brad thought of Stacy and how she would fit in, “Why would a bioengineer work here?” he asked.
Stuart opened a door to lead everyone out the corridor and into a kitchen of the SI, “I don’t know this place’s hiring practices.” he answered, not minding the question. Now, everything was lit normally. He led everyone through the cafeteria and down a hall to a large conference room set up like a studio theater. There were dozens of people here, human and alien, many in lab coats, some dressed in suits or casually.
“Are these all the workers?” Quinn asked.
“Mostly,” Stuart answered, “Some just came in from outside when the invasion started.”
Brad easily picked out Stacy, in her lab coat, from the crowd easily, a pretty, blond-haired, blue-eyed woman about the same age as Kimberly and approached her. “Got your message,” he said, then phasing off his suit. 
“Brad,” Stacy cried out happily, “Of all the people. When did you get back?”
“I thought you knew,” Brad answered, “I got in just before everything went to hell.”
Stuart phased off his suit, revealing a young man similar in age to Brad, and walked into the former love bird’s conversation, “Friend of yours?” he asked.
“Oh, um, yeah,” Stacy answered, “Brad, Stuart. Stuart, Brad. I’m glad you already met. Stuart here is a Myrmidon assigned here to test weapons.”
Something in Stacy’s voice made Brad’s police instincts kick in, telling him Stuart was more than an acquaintance. He looked at Stuart and nodded, “She’s my ex but, I’m sure she’s told you all about me.”
Stuart shook his head, “No,” he answered, “Not a thing.”
“Really?” Brad asked.
Stuart shrugged and said, “She doesn’t talk much about that part of her life. I don’t think she likes to. Too many mistakes and regrets she says.”
Brad faked a laugh, “Really!” he said.
Quinn stepped up and asked, “Stacy, what’s everyone doing here?”
“We're just waiting for rescue,” Stacy answered.
Quinn looked at the civilians and said, “You would think more people work here.”
“It was a company holiday the day we were attacked,” Stacy replied, “Few came in, and even then, we’re mostly managers and team leaders.”
“So, it's crème de la crème here,” Brad said, “You guys know there’s a demolisher above you?”
“We should be safe down here,” Kimberly said.
“If you’re talking about the shields,” Stacy added, “You’re right and there’s another level we can go to if we need,” She then lead Brad to a seated woman, “This is my boss, Gina. Gina, Brad.”
Gina, a slightly older woman, stood to shake hands with Brad then sit back down, “I don’t suppose you’re the reinforcements we’ve been waiting for.” she said.
“Sorry, ma’am,” Brad answered, “I’m afraid we’re stuck in the same boat. It’s just me, my friend Quinn, my girlfriend Kimberly, and this family.”
The whole building then shook with some debris falling from the ceiling.
“That couldn’t have been the demolisher,” Stacy said, “We haven’t felt anything till now and I’m sure the shields are still up.”
“Even now?” Kimberly asked.
“Yes,” Gina answered, “The shields we have are very robust. We have multiple shields, in fact, it’s layered liked an onion. The idea is that even if one goes down, it can recharge while another takes over. The building also has a signal scrambler to hide humans and energy readings from any radar they might be using.”
“Why energy readings?” Quinn asked.
“To hide any weapons,” Gina replied, “Stacy, under the circumstances we can’t afford to hold back anything. If these men can help I want them to have access to everything.”
“Understood,” Stacy replied, “We can go check the status of the shields. Follow me.”
Stacy led Brad, Quinn, Kimberly, and Stuart down the hall to an elevator.
“So,” Stuart asked Brad, “How long were you and Stacy a thing?”
Brad pretended to think about it as he looked to Stacy, “Since… high school, right? Yeah, since high school but, that was a while ago. So many memories of us. How do you two know each other?”
Stacy immediately jumped in saying, “I design the weapons, Stuart tests them.” Her interference only heightened Brad’s suspicions.
The elevator reached its destination on the ground floor. Everyone exited and followed Stacy down several halls to another room with some electronic equipment along its walls and several monitors.
Stacy sat at one of the monitors with Brad and Kimberly looking over her shoulder.
“Good news,” Stacy said, “Demolisher seems to have moved on.”
“What’s the bad news?” Kimberly asked.
Stacy manipulated the monitor to enlarge the radar and turn it into a map of the facility, “It looks like AFU soldiers breached the outer barricades.”
As the trio were locked in discussion, Quinn leaned toward Stuart, “So, how long have you and Stacy been…dating?” he asked.
“About a year now,” Stuart answered, “We met on her first day when I was assigned as her partner to test new weapons.”
“A year,” Quinn said, “That would be around the time they broke up.”
“I know,” Stuart replied, “Stacy, mentioned she had a boyfriend but, a few days later she said they split. So, I made a move.”
Quinn shrugged and nodded, “I don’t even date so, I guess it’s none of my business.”
“We should be fine,” Stacy said, “We set up multiple barricades with traps to make it harder to get through and I unlocked all files and doors to anyone who’s a police officer.”
“What kind of traps?” Brad asked.
“Cloaked bombs,” Stacy answered, “Auto turrets, all placed in and around debris and locked doors. It’s layered like our shields to make it harder but, I’m afraid they’re non-replaceable once they go down.”
Brad studied the map for a moment, “Do you have an estimate of when and if they’ll be able to get through?” he asked.
“Days.” Stacy replied, just as the power went out a few moments later causing everything to go black for about thirty seconds before the backup power kicked in “Scratch that, maybe a few hours.”
Kimberly wasted no time in heading back out, “Maybe we should get back and wait with the others. Come on, Brad.” she said.
“Great idea,” Stacy said, as she began following.
Brad, Quinn, and Stuart followed the ladies.
They were all a few steps down the hall when Stacy made a sudden stop, “Oh no.” she said.
Brad and the others stopped, “What?” he asked.
“Power went down,” Stacy answered.
Stuart took hold of his girlfriend by the shoulders, “Yeah, but it came back on.” he replied.
“Kascor and Zepas!” Stacy yelled.
Stuart looked at Brad, “Ohhh boy,” he said, “We have a problem.”
ISOLATION
Stacy and Stuart ran in the opposite direction everyone was supposed to go.
Brad and the others followed, “Wait,” he said, “What are those!?”
Stacy and Stuart didn’t answer, expecting the other to do it. They ran into another large room that was mostly empty except for some equipment along the walls.
Brad entered to find Stacy and Stuart looking on at a cell. He angled for a better view and found that behind its energy barrier, the cell was empty.
“They got out,” Stacy said.
Stuart began to speak, “This is going to be a big pain in the…”
“Who,” Brad interrupted, “Who got out?”
Quinn and Kimberly entered as Stacy stepped back and answered, “Kascor and Zepas. Two Anunnaki we were holding.”
Brad was dumbfounded, “You managed to contain an Anunnaki?” he asked.
“Yes,” Stuart replied, “This is a specialized cell developed by us for that.”
Brad looked on at the cell, “I thought we had a live and let live policy with them. Wasn’t it part of the treaty?”
“Sort of,” Stuart answered, “We caught them on Terex’s moon and brought them here. That’s how I ended up here. It’s part of my job to make sure they’re secured.”
Stacy snapped out of her disbelief and walked to the next room. It was dimly lit and had a table that doubled as a giant monitor for her to sit at.
“How did you catch them?” Brad asked.
Stuart then began his story. ***

***
The year was 2997, Stuart sat with several others in a cafeteria on a UED ship. They just ate and talked amongst themselves when the intercom came alive.
“This is Commander Frankes,” he called, “Lieutenant Commander Spiner, Private Forbes, and Specialist Stuart, report to briefing room A on the double.”
“So much for lunch,” Forbes said, as she and the others got up from the table and began to jog through the ship’s corridors.
In the briefing room, the three sat in the front to see Frankes standing there with a large monitor for a display. Another man, dressed in an all-black suit, stood in the shadows behind the monitor.
“Hi everybody,” Frankes began, “We had our little war with the Anunnaki a while ago. Part of the treaty we made with them says we’ll stay out their territory if they stay out of others’. Earlier today, we got a report from Terex, our base that we set up just outside of Anunnaki space, that an Anunnaki shuttle has been landing on one of its moons.” He then used the monitor to show a map of the moon, “The facility on the moon is just a front for the base’s sensor station,” he continued, “The building is full of old equipment giving off false readings to make them think it’s easy to bypass when in reality, we’ve been secretly monitoring their actions. At first, they were testing our abilities by doing flybys. Now, it appears they’re landing and collecting what they believe is vital information. Everything is automated so, there’s no worry about civilians or UED personnel getting in the way.”
Spiner raised his hand and asked, “How many are there?”
Frankes changed the image on the monitor to an Anunnaki shuttle, “Their shuttle can comfortably hold six people but, we’ve only detected two.”
Forbes raised her hand, “Are they there now?” she asked.
“At the moment,” Frankes replied, “No. Two are dropped off every day and then the shuttle leaves only to return later and pick them up. The UED isn’t interested in the shuttle, they want us to capture the two individuals gathering data.”
Stuart then raised his hand to ask, “When do we start?”
As the UED ship took orbit over the moon, Stuart and the rest of his team entered a teleporter room and phased their suits on as they stepped on the pads. They needed their suits on to use the teleporter.
“We just received word,” Frankes said, “No sign of the shuttle, it already left. Just two Anunnaki snooping around. We want to get them and get out before that shuttle comes back. Our own shuttle will pick us up for extraction. Everyone, ready?”
They all then went down in beams of light about two feet from the ground to then land softly with no incident. It was in a spot made for such landings, a short distance from the building. The area lay in a forested section that had been cleared out.
“Remember,” Frankes said, “We’re dealing with Anunnaki here. Suits off when you engage them. They can’t hurt you and your suit is liable to be destroyed if you have it on.”
“What are we supposed to use then!?” Forbes asked.
“Use your bare hands,” Frankes answered, “Our orders are to capture anyway, not kill. Use the suit’s radar until you engage. Any questions?”
No one had anything to say.
“Move out!” Frankes ordered.
The main building had a small extension, for maintenance, a few yards from it that led underground. The area around the building was cleared of the surrounding trees.
“Spiner,” Frankes called, “Take Stuart and cover the maintenance access. Forbes, we got the main building. I’m reading one down in maintenance and the other in the main building checking out the relays. It doesn’t look like they’ve noticed us yet but, it’s a good bet they will soon enough so, stay vigilant.”
An Anunnaki very much resembles a human, only with opaque white skin and blue to purple hair. They too wore suits, all black but no phase technology. Instead of phasing off their suits, it simply stayed on like a comfortable uniform. The only thing that ‘phased off’/deactivated were the helmets and those retracted back into the suit rather than actually phasing off.  Their helmets were just as advanced as their human counterparts and resembled their designs also, but with fewer variations between them. Instead of phasing them on, they activated and sprung forth from the suit.
Spiner and Stuart reached the sides of the entrance.
They both looked at one another and phased off their suits.
“He’s in the coolant chamber,” Spiner said, “Ready?”
Stuart nodded and both went through as Frankes and Forbes entered the main building and phased off their suits.
“This way,” Frankes said, “It didn’t look like he’s moving so let’s hurry.”
Spiner moved along one wall while Stuart did likewise opposite of him.
“This feels weird right,” Stuart hissed across to Spiner, “I feel naked without my suit.”
“Just don’t phase it on,” Spiner replied, “No matter how you feel. Avoid that instinct, it might save your life.”
Frankes and Forbes ran to their destination, “No words,” Frankes said, “Just run in and grab him.”
“Why are we scurrying if he can’t hurt us,” Stuart asked, “Trying to be sneaky isn’t going to help either if he has a radar.”
Spiner came off the wall with a sigh, “You’re right,” he said, “This is it, let’s just grab him and get out of here quickly.”
Spiner and Stuart ran in and spotted Zepas. She was waiting, ready for a fight.
“Come with us now!” Stuart said.
“Don’t resist!” Spiner added.
Frankes and Forbes quickly entered the room indicated by their radar. Both moved between the aisles to check. There was no sign of the Anunnaki. Frankes phased on his suit to check the radar, “This is the room,” he said, “Where is he?”
Forbes phased her suit on and kneeled by one of the machines to pick a small, glowing object up.
“What is that?” Frankes asked.
Forbes scanned the object in further detail, “Our Anunnaki,” she replied, “It’s some kind of signal generator but, this thing is giving off a false reading.”
Frankes checked his radar again, “Damn it,” he said, “Phase your suit off. This way, hurry!”
Both Frankes and Forbes ran out of the room.
Stuart grabbed Zepas by the wrist only for her to pull back, dragging him toward her. They both fell to the ground and began wrestling.
Spiner came around a table to help, “Stop resis…”
Spiner couldn’t even finish his sentence and was knocked out cold as he was struck in the back of the head by Kascor, who came out of hiding.
Stuart looked and was surprised to see Kascor. He tried pulling up to defend himself but, Zepas was holding him down. The most he could do, now that he knew of Kascor, was raise one hand in a feeble attempt to protect his face from the incoming pounding of Kascor.
After a few strikes, Kascor attempted to fire an energy blast at Stuart, with no effect. The beam simply burned a hole through his clothes as it passed through harmlessly.
All it did was scare Stuart momentarily. He thought for just a fraction of a second of phasing his suit on and then remembered what Spiner had said about not phasing his suit on. 
Spiner himself was already starting to come around. The genetic enhancements and nanites wouldn’t let him stay down for long.
Kascor grunted and went back to viciously pounding on Stuart.
After a few seconds, Frankes and Forbes came running in. Frankes immediately tackled Kascor, who couldn’t put up much of a resistance, especially when Forbes jumped in.
Stuart, not having to worry about Kascor anymore, placed all of his weight on Zepas, “Give up now,” he yelled, “You’re finished!”
“Zepas?” Kascor said weakly, as he continued to struggle.
With Spiner still getting to his feet, Stuart threw a vicious punch of his own, phasing on his suit just before the moment of impact to make it that much harder, and knocked Zepas out.
Frankes looked at Kascor “I suggest you come quietly,” he smiled, “Unless you want the same thing.”
Outside, Frankes and Forbes escorted Kascor into the shuttle while Spiner and Stuart carried Zepas. As soon as its door closed, the shuttle took off at high speed. Once the shuttle docked, the UED ship broke orbit and left.
In the briefing room, Frankes stood in front of his team, “Great work people,” he said, “It was touch and go for a minute there but, we pulled it off with no casualties.”
In the shadows was the man dressed in all-black.
Spiner raised his hand, “What now sir?” he asked.
“Who knows,” Frankes shrugged, “We completed our mission. What the UED does from here is anyone’s guess.”
Forbes then raised her hand to ask, “Sorry, sir. Just addressing the elephant in the room. Who is that?” she pointed.
The man dressed in all-black stepped up. He was a regular human with no nodes, “My name is Mr. Ice,” he said, “Thank you, Commander Frankes. I guess I’ll take it from here.”
Frankes moved over and sat with his team.
“You’ve all done a wonderful job,” Ice continued, “The UED couldn’t be happier with your success. You caught the Anunnaki red-handed. They are in the process of being returned as we speak.”
Frankes raised his hand, “Excuse me, sir, I was told to give you my full cooperation but, we still don’t know who you represent.” he said.
Ice smiled, “You’re all dismissed.” he replied.
Frankes and his team rose from their seats and began to exit.
“Except you, Mr. Stuart,” Ice said, “The rest of you, please go. Mr. Stuart, I’d like a word with you.”
Stuart watched as Frankes, Spiner, and Forbes left. He walked back to his seat and sat.
“Specialist Stuart,” Ice began, “Skilled with computers, no family, no known associates, no place of residence. It’s almost like you don’t exist.”
“I like to keep a low profile,” Stuart said.
Ice sat next to Stuart, “Stuart, I’m going to be frank with you, and by telling you what I’m about to tell you is classified so, first, you have to agree whether or not you’re going to join. I work for an agency that deals with very sensitive subject matters. We’re called Raven’s Eye, sanctioned by the UED to uphold its secrets. Do you want to join?”
Stuart leaned back as he thought, “I take it your real name isn’t Mr. Ice.”
“That’s not important.” Ice replied.
Stuart leaned back forward, “Raven’s Eye,” he said, “Everyone’s heard of you guys. Black projects, very secret stuff. What if I say no?”
“I’m hoping you won’t,” Ice replied, “You can be ordered but, we’d rather not force you. Makes you seem less trustworthy. Say no and that’s it, you walk away and we never had this conversation. Say yes, and a whole new world opens up to you. You’ll of course have to cut all ties. You won’t be part of a team but, you’ll still be a Myrmidon, you can make new friends just as long as you don’t tell them what you do. We’re going to give you a new life somewhere else doing something very important for the UED.”
Stuart thought for a moment, “Aside from my team,” he said, “I don’t have anything to lose so, I guess I’ll join but, this better not be some BS assignment.”
“Good,” Ice said, patting Stuart on the shoulder, “The Anunnaki you captured are not being returned home. They’re ours.”
Stuart was surprised, “What do you mean ‘ours’?” he asked.
Ice adjusted himself and said, “We signed a treaty to stay out of their space and they’ll stay out of everyone else’s. Anyone caught violating the treaty is to be arrested and returned. We captured two of them in our space but, are going to hold them for further study.”
Stuart closed his eyes tight in disbelief, “So what we’re doing is illegal?” he asked.
“Yes,” Ice answered, “It’s for a good cause.”
Stuart threw his hands and feet into the air, “Damn!” he yelled, “I knew I should have said no. I don’t suppose I can back out now?”
“Sure, you can,” Ice said, “Just don’t be surprised if you get a special visitor tonight. Why do you think we built a base so close to Anunnaki space? The UED was hoping for this and this was the perfect opportunity to seize the moment.”
Stuart leaned forward and buried his face in his hands.
“If you’re worried, don’t be,” Ice continued, “No one knows about this and you won’t be alone. You’ll be testing new weapons that might be useful against them. C’mon, next stop, Omicron.” *** 
***
ON THE HUNT
Back in 3001.
“Then I travel here,” Stuart said, “I get my job and I meet Stacy.”
“So, Stacy is a part of Raven’s Eye?” Brad asked.
Stuart nodded, “This whole facility is.” he answered.
Quinn inspected the cell, “Why tell us this?” he asked, “And when you say ‘This is a specialized cell developed by us’, you mean Raven’s Eye made this.”
“Gina basically said tell you everything,” Stuart said, “Yes, Ravens Eye made that cell. Plus, I figured we may all die down here so, what’s the point of secrets. That and Brad asked.”
“Good going, Brad,” Kimberly said, “Now, even if we somehow make it out of here, Raven’s Eye will probably kill us.”
“Easy, Kim,” Brad said, “One thing at a time. Let’s concentrate on getting out of here.”
Kimberly walked over in front of Brad, “Think about it,” Kimberly said, “You’re going to say you’re not worried?’
“Of course, I’m worried,” Brad replied, “This an extreme situation, and Gina gave her blessing. I’m trying not to think about it and hope they make an exception in this case.”
Stuart pat Kimberly on the shoulder and said, “I’m sure if you help me recapture them, Raven’s Eye will make an exception”
Quinn stepped forward, “How do we do that?” he asked.
“Also,” Brad added, “Why go after them? Let the AFU deal with them. I’m sure those Anunnaki will wipe the floor with them.”
Stuart walked toward the room with Stacy but, stopped just short of entering, “Stacy and I may have something that will help. Going after the Anunnaki is very much in our best interests, they can compromise our security, and then we’ll really be screwed.”
Brad walked over to follow Stuart, “Lead the way!” he said.
Stacy was looking over her map on the giant monitor/table.
“Anything?” Stuart asked.
“I may have found them,” Stacy answered, “The building’s sensors aren’t affected by its signal scrambler. I’ll tie it into human suits so, you can use them. One is in R&D and the other is at the lockers by the gym, moving toward one of the barricades.”
Brad stood behind Stacy, “Stuart says you may have a weapon.” he said.
“We did develop something,” Stacy answered, “In the next room. Follow me.” She stood up and walked to a room lit normally. Everyone eagerly followed.
“Are these the thirty-eights?” Stuart asked.
“Yup,” Stacy answered. “I made a few just in case.”
Quinn had no idea what Stuart and Stacy were talking about when he said, “Those sound good.” As an alien, he knew the threat was greatest to him.
Everyone eagerly stood by Stacy as she pulled out a long box from the wall and unlocked it to reveal the .38s, an old-style small revolver. These were mostly silver with a black handle.
“You tested these?” Brad asked, picking one up.
“Of course!” Stacy answered as Stuart and Kimberly grabbed one.
Quinn saw that there was plenty left so he grabbed two, one in each hand.
“Wait,” Brad said, “You caught two Anunnaki and we’re looking for two Anunnaki. How did you test these?”
“Empirical evidence,” Stacy answered, picking one up for herself, “We took samples, grew them, and tested old-style weapons against them.”
“How old?” Brad asked.
“These were introduced in 1898,” Stacy replied.
Brad sighed in frustration, rolled his eyes and casually pointed his .38 at Quinn, and pulled the trigger.
The loud bang startled everyone and the bullet entered Quinn harmlessly.
“Relax, Quinn,” Brad said, “Unlike us, these won’t even harm you.”
“Hey,” Stuart said, “Be careful, these things only carry six rounds.”
Brad held up his .38 for Stacy to look at, “How is this going to help?” he asked.
Quinn shapeshifted the undamaged bullet out of his chest.
Brad grabbed the projectile from his friend and showed it to Stacy, “See,” he exclaimed, “Nothing! These won’t even do anything to Quinn.”
“It took a while,” Stacy said, “However, we asked ourselves why our ship’s ballistic weapons worked but not our handheld ones, the answer was stumbled upon by another scientist who found that old-style weapons will work. The handheld ones we have now won’t work because even they have too much technology behind them.”
Brad calmed down and asked, “You mean it’s different settings?”
“Yes,” Stacy answered, “You can program them on the fly to explode, stun, or for armor-piercing. That was the difference between the ships and your handheld ones. Just keep your suits off and aim for the arm or leg, we’re trying to capture them not kill them.”
Brad studied his .38 and sighed again, “At least they can’t harm us unless they got smart and picked up one of your weapons. Quinn, you should go back and guard the survivors. The rest of us are human so, we’ll go after the Anunnaki.”
Quinn held up his .38s and said, “Right.”
Stacy closed the box, placed it back, and stepped over to a monitor, “Bad news,” she said, “We’re missing two rifles?”
“What?” Brad said, “How did they get weapons and how are they using the doors?”
“Easy,” Stacy answered, “Our scans indicated their suits were connected at a biological level, meaning if we took it off it might kill them. A specialized interrogation revealed you need specialized equipment to safely remove them, equipment only they have. Now, they’re probably using them to hack their way through everything. The cell prevented that so, we only let Stuart take them out when we needed to.”
“Fine,” Brad said, “Let’s get to it.”
“Stacy,” Stuart called, “You should go with Brad. Kim, you’re with me. Each team should at least have someone who knows the place.”
“That makes sense,” Kimberly said.
Brad walked away with Stacy, “Everyone, be careful.” he said.
Stacy turned to face Stuart, “We’ll go after the one in the lockers,” she said, “You get the one in R&D.”
“Sure thing,” Stuart replied.
Brad and Stacy continued on, down several halls, and entered the gymnasium. They both crept along a wall.
“Nice,” Brad said, “You even have your own gym.”
“That’s not all,” Stacy replied, “Our cafeteria has an all-you-can-eat bar and we have twenty holo- lounges.”
“Holo-lounges,” Brad said, “Are you kidding?”
“Nope,” Stacy answered, “So, you and Kimberly are going steady?”
“I’d like to think we are,” Brad replied, “Truth is we just met before the attack. We only managed one date?”
Both came to the doors going to the lockers. Brad phased on his suit to check his radar.
“Still there?” Stacy asked.
“No,” Brad answered, phasing his suit off, “Looks like he moved on further.”
Stacy’s shoulders drooped, “The only thing beyond that is the barricade,” she said, “We better hurry.”
They entered the locker room and began to hurry through.
“Just one date,” Stacy said, “That technically doesn’t count as dating.”
Brad began to enter the next door, “Well,” he began, “It’s not like we had a choice.”
Stacy entered next and she along with Brad began searching. It was a large hall with lots of debris in the way. There was a huge gap in the debris that made up the barricade but, that was the way it was set up, more like an obstacle course. There were huge piles of debris for covering the auto-turrets and some of the turrets sat atop the debris.
“Whatever you do,” Stacy said, “Don’t start digging your way through.”
Not a moment later an energy blast came from behind a counter that almost struck Brad. Both humans ducked for cover behind various pieces of the debris lying around.
“Watch out,” Stacy yelled, “That wasn’t an Anunnaki blast.”
Brad peeked out to spot where the enemy was before having to pull his head back into hiding from incoming fire.
There was a constant barrage of energy blasts on both positions. Stacy soon recognized the type of energy blasts visually and acoustically.
Brad returned fire five times in rapid succession without thinking of the limited ammo. In cover, he shook and hit the gun hoping to get more bullets, only to learn when he tried to return fire that it didn’t work.
“Brad,” Stacy yelled, “Phase your suit on and go grab’em.”
“Are you nuts!?” Brad asked.
“Trust me,” Stacy answered, “These can’t hurt you with your suit on.”
Brad put his gun down and phased on his suit. He quickly grabbed his gun and ran out from cover. This when he spotted Zepas duck out and start firing over and over at him to no avail. With no ammunition left, at the last second, he violently threw his gun at Zepas, causing her to flinch as he fell on her and phase off his suit.
Zepas lost her rifle with Brad falling on top of her but, quickly gained the upper hand by grabbing Brad by the throat and lifting him off the ground as she pinned him against the debris pile.
Brad couldn’t believe how strong Zepas was.
Stacy took aim, “Put him down, now!” she said.
Kascor emerged from hiding behind Stacy and placed a gun in her back, “You put your gun down.” he said.
Stacy reluctantly raised her hands and dropped her gun.
Stuart grabbed Kascor’s gun from behind and took it away with one hand and used his other hand to turn the Anunnaki around to grab him by the throat to lift him off the ground to pin him against a pile of debris, “You didn’t think that would work twice, did you?” he asked.
Kimberly ran up to Zepas and at nearly point-blank range, she aimed her gun and fired to hit Zepas in the leg.
Zepas immediately winced over in pain, releasing her hold on Brad. Never thinking the humans could devise such a weapon, she almost couldn’t believe the amount of hurt she felt.
Brad composed himself and took hold of Zepas as his prisoner. “Great timing,” he said, “How did you know?”
Stuart placed Kascor down and turned him around, “Besides them doing it on Terex’s moon before,” he said, “The reading in R&D wasn’t moving at all so I figured it must have been the same thing. It’s small enough that he probably kept one somewhere in his suit since we couldn’t remove it.”
Zepas cradled her wound. She walked with a limp as Brad escorted her.
“Let’s go back to my lab,” Stacy said. “I can patch her up.”
CHILD’S PLAY
Zepas lay on a medical table as Stacy gathered some instruments.
Brad stood guard over the Anunnaki, “Stacy,” he called, “How did you know those energy blasts wouldn’t hurt me?”
“It’s one of my designs,” Stacy answered, “I recognized the energy blast and knew it came from a repulser rifle. It wasn’t made to kill, only push someone away. It wouldn’t work on anyone with shielding so, the project was put on hold and the UED asked for something deadlier, something that could bypass shields. That’s when we found out about these old-style weapons.”
Brad looked at Zepas, “You hear that,” nodding and raising his eyebrows, “Look at your leg. We can hurt you guys. Makes you think twice about messing with us, huh?”
“Only your Myrmidons,” Zepas replied, “The rest of your species is weak!”
“Race,” Stacy corrected, as she went to work on Zepas, “If we were a different species I might not be able to fix you or interbreed us.”
“Yeah,” Brad said, before realizing what Stacy said, “Wait, what! ‘interbreed’?”
“I may have said too much,” Stacy said, as she continued to work on Zepas, “This will only take a sec.” she pulled the bullet from Zepas’ leg and then began running a device over the wound to heal it as if nothing was ever there.
Stuart walked in, “The other one is secured, back in the cell.” he said.
“Good,” Stacy said, “Zepas is ready to go back in too.”
Stuart walked over to help Zepas off the table and begin escorting her.
“Brad,” Stacy called, “Come with me.” In a hall, she led him to another nearby room. It was slightly cramped with equipment on both sides.
Brad looked around intently for anything out of the ordinary. As he came to the center of the room, it opened up quite a bit. He had wandered toward one side instead of following his ex.
“Over here,” Stacy said.
Brad looked over and saw Raven Eye’s big secret. Slowly approaching it in awe he realized what it was. It was an adult size incubator filled with a blue-green glowing, transparent liquid and an unconscious female child suspended in it.
“We wanted to see if an Anunnaki was compatible with us,” Stacy began, “So we took one of their eggs and fertilized it with human sperm. This was the result.”
“Why,” Brad asked, “What purpose could this possibly serve?”
“Several,” Stacy answered, “We now know interbreeding is possible. We’re hoping to study their energy projections and learn more about their specific biology since we can’t remove their suits and anything else they haven’t told us. We’ve known that they’re immune to normal interrogation methods.”
Brad looked at the suspended child and actually felt sorry for her, “What are you going to do with her once you’re done?” he asked.
“She’ll likely be killed in the process,” Stacy said, “It’s very unfortunate but, I’m sure we’ll make others.”
Brad was afraid of such an answer, suddenly reminded of the two mentally handicapped girls fighting in high school. He looked at Stacy, “I never imagined you being so cold.” he said.
“Hey, don’t look at me,” Stacy replied, “I’m just the messenger here. I would never kill her, but I’m just sure someone else will do something in testing.”
“Does she have a name?” Brad asked. “A father?”
“Yes,” Stacy answered, “I’m the one who came up with Lilly. The sperm is from a random donor.”
“Lilly,” Brad said, “Look at her and tell me, knowing she has a name that you picked, you can just let her go through all that testing knowing she’ll die.”
Stacy looked on at Lilly and came to the slow realization that Brad did, that although right now Lilly was just a child, she’d be terminated, “I can’t let that happen I suppose.” she said.
“Let her go,” Brad said, “I’ll take her. She’ll be safe with me.”
“She’s not done yet,” Stacy replied, “It will be just a few more months.”
“What am I going to do with a fully grown one?” Brad said, “By then, it’ll be too late and I take it she won’t know much. Give me a child I can teach.”
“We’ve been injecting her with engrams,” Stacy said, “She’ll have basic knowledge. Are you sure you want to do this?”
Brad nodded and smirked, “As long as she can wipe her own ass,” he replied, “I’m all good.”
“You’re right about letting her out now,” Stacy said, touching a series of buttons to release Lilly.
The fluid in the incubator began to drain, allowing Lilly to touch the ground while waking up as any tubes detached from her. Stacy caught the child as the main tube encasing Lilly’s body retracted upwards.
Lilly looked around shivering. She had skin like humans, with purple hair and green eyes.
“Here let me give you this,” Stacy said, taking off her lab coat to wrap around Lilly, “There, you warm now?”
“Yes,” Lilly answered, “Thank you. Are you my mommy?”
Hearing the child’s voice made Stacy choke back tears, “Sorry,” she replied, then looking at Brad, “Your parents didn’t survive the attack but, Brad here will look after you.”
Lilly walked over and cradled onto Brad's leg.
Brad hoisted Lilly up, “Lilly,” he said, “Just call me Brad. If anyone asks you, I just found you, alright?”
Lilly nodded her head, “Got it,” she said, “Your name is Brad and you found me.”
Stacy stood in front of Brad, “Look,” she began, “You can’t tell anyone about this. Not even Stuart knows about her.”
“What about Gina?” Brad asked.
“You’re fine there,” Stacy answered, “She knows about the project but I don’t think she’s ever seen her. On her energy projections, we don’t even know how that’s done so she doesn’t know. Kascor said they’re trained to do that.”
Brad looked around and asked, “Any clothes?”
Stacy hastily walked over to a panel on a wall and looked again at Lilly, studying her, ‘She could be five or six years old.’ she thought, then touching several buttons on a keypad. A panel in the wall glowed for several seconds before suddenly extending about two feet out. On its side was a hanging uniform with shoes just as Stacy had specified. She grabbed the clothes and quickly helped Lilly in them as she put her lab coat back on.
“When we leave,” Stacy said, “Throw some grenades in here to destroy this place and make them think she died.”
“No problem,” Brad replied, “Let’s get outta here.”
In the cell room with the two Anunnaki, the two humans and Lilly walked in.
Kimberly looked at the little girl and asked, “Who is she?”
Brad leaned down to Lilly, “Lilly,” he whispered, “Introduce yourself, remember what I said.”
Lilly nodded and looked at Kimberly, “I’m Lilly,” she answered, “Brad found me.”
Kimberly crossed her arms and stepped toward Brad, “What were you whispering to her just now?
“Yeah,” Stuart added, “Did you tell her to say something?”
Brad pretended to be shocked, “I was just telling her to trust you guys.” he answered.
“She’s lucky,” Stacy said, “I was showing Brad some of the weapons I made when we found her in one of the containers. It masked her signal so, she didn’t appear on my initial sensor sweep. She came into the building during the first attack and hid.”
Brad didn’t show it but, he was genuinely impressed with Stacy’s story, ‘I didn’t know she could BS like that.’ he thought. If he didn’t know the truth, he’d have believed her.
“Her parents were killed,” Brad said, “So I’m taking her.”
Kimberly kneeled with outstretched arms to embrace Lilly, “Oh,” she whined, “I’m so sorry to hear about your parents.”
“Are you alright?” Stuart asked.
While she hugged Kimberly, Lilly looked over at Stuart and nodded, “Yes, sir.” she said.
Brad took Lilly and looked at Stacy, “We should put her with the other survivors.” he said.
“Stuart,” Stacy called, “Stand guard here while the rest of us take Lilly and bring back Quinn.”
In the conference room, Quinn stood guard and pointed both guns at the door as Brad, with raised hands and his suit phased on, walked in first followed by the women.
Quinn lowered his guns and approached, “Excuse me,” he said, “It’s only you.”
Brad phased off his suit and picked up Lilly, “Lilly, this is my friend Quinn,” he said, “Quinn, meet Lilly, my new daughter.”
“Daughter,” Quinn asked wide-eyed, “You and Kim were only gone a few hours.”
“I found her,” Brad replied, “Her parents are dead so, I decided to look after her.”
“Oh,” Quinn said, “Lilly isn’t really yours then. She’s adopted”
Gina overheard everything that was said, “You poor dear,” she said, “Come here,” she stretched out her arms, “Sit with me.”
Brad walked over and sat Lilly down on Gina’s lap. Stacy looked on to see any indication of Gina catching on. All was well as Gina began playing around immediately with Lilly.
Brad focused his attention back on Quinn, “We secured both fugitives,” he said, “You’re with us now. Kim, I’d tell you to stay but, I got a feeling you won’t.”
Kimberly faked a coo when she then said, “Aww, you already know me. That’s so sweet.”
Quinn held his guns tightly as he, with the rest, walked back into the cell room.
Stuart stood by and noticed Quinn with his .38s, “Maybe you should keep those.” he said.
Stacy moved on to the next room with Kimberly.
Quinn looked at the Anunnaki and held up one of his guns, “You see this,” he said, “Don’t mess with me!”
Brad joined Stuart, “Myrmidon, huh,” he said, “I saw the way you handled that Anunnaki. Tell me about those genetic enhancements. I wish I had those. Does it hurt?”
“Nah,” Stuart answered, “Just a few injections. You should go for being a Myrmidon. It’s tough training but, I think you can do it. The enhancements heighten your senses, increase your speed, strength, and stamina. Your endurance and reflexes go through the roof.”
Stacy and Kimberly looked over a giant map.
“Stuart’s cute,” Kimberly said, “You going to make a move?”
“Already did,” Stacy answered, “Or rather, he did. We’ve been seeing each other for about a year. Brad told me you two managed to do one date before all this. What do you think?”
“It was good,” Kimberly replied, “He sounds like a catch. Any pointers for me, things I should know? Likes, dislikes.”
Stacy had to think for a moment after she was done with the map, “Pizza,” she said, “He loves pizza, pepperoni, and especially exotic flavors. Mostly old-style music,” she got up and turned to Kimberly, “Oh, games. Any kind, he loves games to death and he enjoys a good book once in a while. He dislikes drugs and alcohol, oh, and he hates smokers. The smell of a burning cigarette makes him nauseous.”
“Thanks,” Kimberly said.
Stacy approached the door for it to open, “Come,” she said, “You’re going to want to hear this.”
The ladies joined the guys in the cell room.
“We have a little problem,” Stacy began, “The barricade we just came from has been compromised. A lot of the defenses are down and I can’t get them back up. It seems our Anunnaki friends here were hacking them down. I suspect these defenses can be brought back online but, we’ll need them to do it.”
The men grew visibly agitated.
“Damn!” Stuart said, walking away.
Brad asked, “Is there any other way?”
Stacy shook her head, “I’m afraid not. It’s just one more barricade before this one and then we’ll have no choice but to go underground.” she answered.
Just then there was another large explosion that rocked the building. Brad looked over at Stuart now standing by the cell, “Looks like we don’t have a choice.” he said
“This sucks,” Stuart replied, “After all that, we have to let them out,” He turned to the Anunnaki, “You hear all that! We have to let you out.”
Brad turned to Quinn, “Keep those guns handy.”
“Don’t worry,” Quinn said, “I will. I won’t let either of those two out of my sight.”
Stuart lowered the energy barrier, “You know,” he said, “You two are coming back once you fix those defenses.”
Zepas and Kascor stepped out smiling. Everyone got behind them as they led the way back to the barricade.
Kimberly came to the side, “You two know what you did,” she said, “Now start fixing it!”
Zepas and Kascor activated their helmets and began to bring the defenses online one by one.
Brad looked at Stuart, “How long do you think this will take?” he asked.
Stuart shrugged, “Beats me,” he said, “Hopefully, that explosion we heard wasn’t the barricade in front of this one.”
Kimberly, Stacy, and Quinn could only standby and watch as the Anunnaki suddenly stopped to look at one another then face down the hall while raising their hands.
“Oh, no,” Stacy said, “Everyone, take cover!”
Quinn and the humans did so. Hiding behind various pieces of debris. Brad and Stuart phased their armor on and could see via radar that the AFU was rapidly closing in on them. They then phased out weapons for Kimberly and Stacy. Quinn wouldn’t need one as he was already armed with guns he took for the Anunnaki.
AFU soldiers began pouring into the hall and immediately began trying to descend on the barricade. Much of the auto-turrets came alive along with energy blasts from the Anunnaki.
The humans returned fire when they could. Brad had taken cover with Quinn and Kimberly while Stuart was with Stacy. Zepas and Kascor stood in front, out in the open, easily absorbing any shots being fired at them.
Stacy fired several rounds before ducking back in to cover, “I don’t know how long this barricade will hold.” she said.
Stuart fired a few shots himself, “The last thing we can do is destroy the elevator,” he said, “It’ll make rescue a little harder but, it should slow the AFU down a lot.”
Everyone was doing their part in supporting the defense.
Kimberly turned to Brad, “We may have only had one date but,” she said, “I just want to let you know…I love you!”
“Likewise,” Brad replied.
Quinn looked on in disbelief as Kimberly kissed Brad’s helmet, “Are you kidding me?” he said.
The hall was filling up with AFU soldiers quickly. Zepas and Kascor were doing the best they could to hold them off but were just attracting much of the gunfire. One AFU soldier managed to toss a grenade just he was blasted apart by the Anunnaki.
The grenade landed near Kascor and exploded. Any energy it had was absorbed so it didn’t blow him away but, it did contain shrapnel that killed him on the spot.
Some of the shrapnel made its way into Zepas to gravely wound her.
“Kascor.” she said, falling over.
“Oh crap!” Quinn said, upon seeing the explosion that took out the Anunnaki. He could see Zepas barely moving and decided to get her.
Brad radioed, “Looks like we’re out of Anunnaki.”
Stuart could hear Brad clear as day, “We should retreat then while we still can.” he replied.
Quinn pulled Zepas back to safety, where he could see that she had been injured along her side and stomach, “Can you walk,” he asked.
Zepas deactivated her helmet, “I can try.” she replied.
Quinn hoisted Zepas up and had to help her walk. She cradled her side as she moved with a noticeable limp.
The humans had begun their retreat and stood by the door, waiting.
Brad waved for Quinn to follow, “Come on!” he yelled.
Quinn hurried to the door as fast as he could.
“Wait,” Zepas said, looking back at the barricade, “I don’t want to be a prisoner again. This is for you Kascor.” She activated her helmet and brought the rest of the defenses online, causing several of the cloaked bombs to come alive and detonate, pushing back the AFU to keep them from advancing so fast.
RESPITE
Quinn exited the elevator with Zepas, first. Everyone else hurriedly followed. The two men were the last ones off.
Stuart tapped on Brad’s shoulder to stop him and turned with him to face the elevator, “We need to destroy this thing to stop the AFU from coming down here.”
Brad agreed with a nod, “What did you have in mind?” he asked.
Stuart phased out a grenade in each hand, “Ready?” he replied.
Brad phased out grenades as well and tossed them in the elevator as Stuart tossed his in and activated the elevator to go up. They both stood there a few seconds until they heard a loud explosion.
Stuart playfully hit Brad on the shoulder to tell him, “Great. Hopefully, it’ll buy us some time.”
Brad phased off his suit, “Alright,” he said, “Come on.”
Stuart phased off his suit as well and left with Brad.
With Kimberly and Stacy close behind, Zepas indicated for Quinn to stop and put her down.
Quinn gently sat Zepas down as the ladies joined him, “Hang in there.” he said.
Stacy examined the wound, “I could probably help her in my lab,” she said, “That’s not really an option now but, there’s another one on the next level down. We just have to…”
Zepas deactivated her helmet and shook her head, “I’m not going to make it,” she said, “At least I’m not going to…die…in a…prison.”
Brad and Stuart came running.
Quinn looked at the men, “She’s gone.” he said.
“Damn,” Brad replied.
Kimberly stood, “I don’t want to sound cold but,” she began “What will Ravens Eye do to Brad, Quinn, and I now?”
Stuart shook his head, “Nothing,” he answered. “Now, they’ll get rid of any bodies and deny any accusations.”
Stacy stood up, “We may as well go check on the survivors.”
Quinn opened a nearby door to carry Zepas’ body into another room. When he stepped back out, the humans were waiting for him.
“You alright?” Brad asked. 
Quinn began to walk with everybody as he spoke, “I actually feel a little bad for the Anunnaki. I’ll admit that I was a tiny bit nervous with them out of that cell but, when they went down after helping us, I felt somewhat different. I realized we were lucky to have them on our side and when I saw the female needed help, my police instincts automatically kicked in to go help her. It didn’t matter to me she was an Anunnaki.”
They all entered the conference room to see a small table was also in there now. On the table was a small stack of papers and a pen. Gina and Lilly were facing each other in separate chairs. 
Gina looked at Stacy and then got up to grab her by the arm. She then looked at Brad, “I need to speak to both of you, now.” she said, taking them to a side room.
Brad became worried Gina had learned of Lilly’s identity, “What’s this all about,” he asked, “What’s wrong?”
Gina faced Brad and Stacy, “I need you to tell me the truth,” she said, “Where did you find that girl?”
“In a weapons container,” Stacy answered, “By the testing range.” She laughed, “Why?”
The whole time, Brad nodded in agreement. He couldn’t lie as well as Stacy.
Gina reached into her pocket and pulled out a piece of paper to hand Stacy, “I got some paper and pencil for Lilly to draw. It was in order to get her mind off things, especially if this whole thing doesn’t turn out so well. I checked on her only a few minutes later. She drew that.”
Stacy unfolded the paper and she and Brad saw it was a very good representation of the incubation room.
Stacy shrugged, “So she’s a very good drawer.” she said.
Gina took the drawing, “Have you seen her draw, do you know what this is? I asked, and she said it was a room she saw.”
Stacy looked at the drawing, “I’d say it was the incubation room. It’s near the testing range and we did unlock all the doors at first to let any survivors in,” she said, “So.”
“So,” Gina continued, “My orders for full disclosure applied to any authority figures, not civilians. Who knows what she saw. She can tell everybody. We may have to kill her.”
Brad stepped between Stacy and Gina, “Hey-hey, relax,” he assured, “She’s just a little girl. For one, she likely doesn’t know what she saw. Two, who exactly can she go to and tell?”
Stacy spoke, “I saw the incubation room, it’s totally destroyed. We destroyed it on the way down so it wouldn’t fall into AFU hands. We’re fine, no one can accuse us of anything. “
It took a moment for everything to sink in but, eventually, Gina had a change of heart, “Alright,” she sighed, “You two are right. I need to get a hold of myself. I need to stop thinking like a Raven’s Eye employee and just be human.”
After they all stepped out, Brad went over to Lilly, picked her up, and walked out into the hall so no one could hear, “You are lucky,” he said, “From now on, forget about this place.  If someone asks you to draw, draw a horse or something. If they ask where I found you, say you were hiding in a box. Alright!?”
Lilly nodded and meekly answered, “Yes, sir.”
Brad walked back into the room and sat Lilly at the table next to Gina. He grabbed the pen and a sheet of paper to place in front of Lilly, “Go ahead,” he said, “Draw something,” he then looked at Gina, “We’re fine. I told her to forget whatever she saw here.”
Gina nodded and then looked at Lilly somewhat concerned. 
Brad looked and saw Lilly drawing with incredible speed and accuracy, like a robot. He immediately stopped her by holding her arms, “Not like that,” he said, “That freaks people out here. Go a lot slower,” He turned to Gina, “Genetic enhancements.”
Gina adjusted her seat toward Lilly, “Her parents must have been very well off.” she said.
Brad suddenly understood why Gina suggested killing her. The truth was that genetic enhancements did increase speed and accuracy but, not at the levels Lilly was displaying. He and Lilly were just lucky his answer was acceptable.
“Brad, Stuart,” Stacy called, “Over here.”
The men joined her.
“What’s up?” Stuart asked.
Stacy began, “We may have lost the ground floor but, beneath us, we still have some of those rooms and equipment. I didn’t say anything before because the ground floor had more capabilities and it was still safe. We can still use the communications relay and sensors, we just need to go down there.”
“Might as well,” Brad said, “We can’t do much just standing here.”
“Agreed,” Stuart said, “Let’s go.”
On his way out, Brad waved for Quinn and Kimberly to follow.
They all took the stairs to the very bottom level and followed Stacy to a room with a giant table/monitor.
Kimberly walked over to another desk with a monitor and sat as she put on its earphone.
“Why stairs?” Quinn asked.
Stuart answered, “The lower levels are for emergency use only. It’s to cut down energy consumption and be more efficient with what we have.”
Brad studied the giant map as Stacy manipulated it on the monitor, “What’s the situation?” he asked.
Stacy refocused the map and answered, “AFU are all over the elevator and starting to dig. It looks there’s an AFU gunship now outside.”
Kimberly spun around to face everyone, “You guys better hear this.” she said, then putting it on the loudspeaker.
“My name is Captain Orox,” he said, “I know you’re all in the lower levels. If you can hear me, my offer is this – any aliens will be unharmed. Humans are to be exterminated on sight as rapidly as possible. Only if you surrender without further resistance. Resist and I cannot guarantee anyone’s safety including alien lives. Any human caught then will suffer a slow torturous death.”
OLD TECH
Kimberly turned off the loudspeaker and removed the earpiece, “That’s it, message repeats.”
Brad walked over to Kimberly to comfort her, “Not much of a choice, is it?” he said.
Stuart placed a hand on Stacy’s shoulder, “How much longer do we have till they reach this level?”
Stacy examined the map, “At the rate they’re going…under an hour.”
Quinn suddenly realized, “Orox must be on that gunship,” he said, “It’s the only way he could have sent that message.”
Stacy stood, “Who’s this Orox?” she asked.
Quinn folded his arms and answered, “He’s the cause of all this!”
Brad raised his arm to stop Quinn, “We arrested him and his conspirators for sending out transmissions for the AFU to…you know what, screw it. It is all his fault.”
Stuart examined the map closely, “Stacy, correct me if I’m wrong but, it looks like much of the AFU camp is around the elevator.”
Stacy sat back down to move the map and get a better view, “Not all but, most of it.”
Stuart began massaging Stacy’s shoulders, “I just got an idea!”
Brad stepped forward, “What are you thinking?” he asked.
Stuart pointed on the map, “The mech yard,” he answered, “You may not like the idea but, I just keep telling myself it’s better than doing nothing.”
“The old underground path,” Stacy said as she pulled it up on the map, “Like the ones outside leading here.”
Brad shook his head, “I say we take our chances with those and get out.” he replied.
“Negative,” Stuart said. “We can’t guarantee everyone’s safety either way. If we take a tunnel and get out with one big group there’s a high chance they are detected. If we take multiple tunnels, well, everyone’s on their own then. My idea is to take everyone with us to the mech yard and use the mechs as a distraction. While we pilot the mechs and attack the camp, everyone else can get into the various transports we have there and get out.”
Quinn asked, “What are the chances of success?”
“Very high,” Stuart answered.
Stacy faced Stuart, “What are your chances of coming back alive?”
Stuart thought about it, “Eh, I’d say about fifty-fifty.” he replied.
Kimberly stood up quick, “No way,” she exclaimed, looking at Brad, “I don’t like those odds.”
“I’m sorry,” Stuart said. “I don’t like those odds either but, it’s the only way I can see giving the rest of you a chance.”
Brad held Kimberly to place his forehead on hers, then he looked at Stuart, “You’re right,” he replied, “I don’t like it but it’s better than my idea or just waiting around. I need details. What are these mechs?”
 Stuart walked over and wrapped a reassuring arm around Brad and looked at Stacy, “Hon, can you bring them up on display?”
Stacy brought up holographic representations on the monitor. They were bipedal tanks ranging in height from two to several stories tall.
“That, my friend,” Stuart continued, “Is a mech. They’re all mothballed now. We take their weapons and design our current ones off of them. They’re about a hundred years old.”
“A hundred years old?” Brad said in disbelief.
“Not to worry,” Stuart assured, “They may be an old design but, they’ll still make mincemeat out of those AFU soldiers. They’re what, about a hundred years behind us anyway. The only reason we stopped using mechs is that the war at the time was over and we already had suits. We decided to keep the suits and continue to improve them.
“What war?” Quinn asked.
Stuart shrugged, “I don’t know,” he answered, “I forget the name but it was against machines we created, humans barely won. Brad and I can use these because of our neural interlink, which is way more advanced now. They also have holographic controls just like a video game, you can use them with the neural interlink. They have shield systems but, I don’t know how much punishment from AFU weapons they can take. Besides, some of them can cloak.”
“The transports can go to the CC,” Quinn said, “Kimberly, let the CC know to expect visitors.” 
 Brad thought for a moment before saying, “Stacy, if anything happens to me.”
Stacy knew what was coming, “I’ll take care of Lilly,” she said, “Count on it.”
In the conference room, Lilly was laughing at Gina’s jokes when Quinn and the humans walked in.
Brad went over to pick Lilly up as Stuart began talking to Gina.
“We have a plan,” Stuart said, “However, you’re going to have to get everyone together so we can leave.”
Gina was surprised, “We’re not staying and waiting for help?” she asked.
Stuart shook his head, “I’m afraid not. We destroyed the elevator but the AFU are digging and will be here soon.”
Gina stood and began walking to the front, “What is the new plan?” she asked.
Stuart walked with Gina, “We’re going to the mech yard,” he said, “Brad and I are going to use the mechs to buy you time to get out.”
Gina stopped and faced Stuart, “Where are we the entire time?” she asked.
“In the tunnels,” Stuart responded, “Right below us. Quinn will give you the all-clear. You then get in the transports and make a break for it.”
“Won’t Quinn be detected?” Gina asked.
“He’s an Odian,” Stuart answered, “An alien, if the AFU detects anything it’ll just be one nonhuman. Even if you’re detected, the enemy will have to get through Brad and me first.”
Brad held Lilly close, “So, stay close to Stacy,” he said, “If anything happens to me, I want you to stay with her.”
“Why do you have to go?” Lilly asked.
“My suit,” Brad answered, “It’ll hide me from the bad guys. You can’t come with me because it’s going to be very dangerous and you don’t have a suit.”
Lilly dropped her head on Brad’s shoulder, “I wish I had a suit.” she said.
“Brad,” Stacy called, “I need to talk to you alone for a minute”
Brad sat Lilly down and followed Stacy into the hall.
Now alone, Stacy stood very close to Brad, “I’m very sorry things didn’t work out between us,” she began, “It’s just that you were so far away and Stuart was right here.”
Brad held Stacy by the shoulders, “It’s alright,” he assured, “I understand, you needed to move on. We both did. You found Stuart, I found Kimberly.”
Stacy looked down sullen, “I didn’t want you to find out this way.” she said.
Brad chuckled lightly, “It’s alright,” he replied, “I had my suspicions anyway.”
Gina stood at the front of the room, “May I have everyone’s attention,” she said, “There’s been a change of plans. We’re leaving through one of the old access tunnels. We wait for the signal then we get out and into transports to leave.”
There was some talk amongst the crowd.
One man raised his hand, “Why can’t we stay here?” he asked.
“The AFU is digging here as we speak,” Gina answered.
A woman raised her hand to ask, “Where are we going to go?”
Gina had no answer for that. She just stood silent for a moment.
Quinn then stepped up in front of everyone, “We can head to the CC.” he answered, “Kimberly here came from there. It has many lower levels and you’ll all be hidden deep underground.”
“Everyone, get ready,” Gina said, “We leave now. We don’t have time to wait around.”
Out in the hall, Brad and Stacy quickly separated from a hug as a door opened with Gina and Quinn leading everyone out.
Stacy wiped away what little tears she had, “We leaving already?”
“Yes,” Gina answered, “We’re going there now.”
Stuart and Kimberly exited with Kimberly carrying Lilly.
Brad approached Kimberly and Lilly to start walking with them.
Stuart did likewise with Stacy.
They would all soon see if the plan to get out was going to save their lives.
LAST STAND
The survivors reached the end of the tunnel, with a ladder going up to the mech yard.
“Alright,” Stuart said, “This is it. We go up and get the mechs.”
Brad and Quinn followed Stuart up to a manhole-like door that slid open to allow the men through.
The mech yard was actually a very large, gigantic warehouse filled with various mechs, tanks, and transports on wheels.
“Brad,” Stuart called, “Over here. This is a good one, it has eight weapon mounts. Four autocannons, two heavy class lasers, and two missile racks.”
“Autocannons?” Brad asked.
Stuart climbed the mech to rotate one of the autocannons by hand, “They’re like miniguns, but these have a very large caliber. They should shred those AFU soldiers to bits.”
Brad climbed to enter the mech in its comfortable reclined seat.
Stuart helped Brad put a helmet and gauntlets on, “The helmet is for the neural interface,” he said, “These gauntlets will let you interact with the virtual or holographic controls.”
Brad nodded as the controls came to life and appeared in front of him, “Where are you going to be in all this?” he asked.
“I’m going to be in that smaller one,” Stuart answered, “It's only got four lasers but, it’s got a cloak. The cloak is only temporary but, wait for me to get into position. These things have radios like our helmets so, you just talk. I’ll let you know when to move in.”
Quinn waited by the hatch and looked down at the survivors. It did cross his mind if the signal scrambler had failed whether or not they would all be detected.
“How do I turn this thing on?” Brad asked.
Stuart pointed, “Touch this.” he answered, pressing a button to close the cockpit and climb down. He ran over to another mech and got in.
“Alright, Brad,” Stuart radioed, “Fire her up. Don’t worry, the signal is masked in here so, you can practice a little.”
Brad touched the button to activate his mech.
It came to life, standing upright as its numerous lights turned on.
Stuart did the same thing with his mech, “You can use your neural interface for just about everything,” he said, “I just don’t recommend it to minimize any negative feedback. You can do everything with the virtual controls. I use the neural interface just for aiming to where I look.”
Brad knew everything about the mech automatically from the neural interface. So, there was little training to do, he just needed to test this new knowledge. He interacted with a control, throttling it forward to start walking. He then pulled the throttle back causing it to stop.
“Easy, isn’t it,” Stuart said, “Cloaking and moving into position.”
Quinn watched in amazement as Stuart’s mech became invisible and looked up at Brad’s towering mech.
“Move into a flanking position,” Brad said.
“Affirmative,” Stuart replied, “We’ll get them in a crossfire.”
Stuart had even disappeared from Brad’s radar on his mech, “Stuart,” Brad called, “You there?”
“I’m moving into position,” Stuart answered, “Start moving out and then stop short of revealing yourself.”
Brad throttled his mech forward till he stood alongside the building just short of exposing himself. The radar showed the AFU camp just around the corner.
Stuart settled into position on the far side of the camp, “Your energy signature must be getting their attention,” he said, “Move in now and start attacking.’
As Quinn had predicted, Orox was sitting in a chair reading the latest reports when the bulkheads around him suddenly exploded. He took cover as sparks and debris flew everywhere.
Brad fired round after round into the camp. He found he could either link his weapons together or have them fire consecutively. He could activate specific ones or deactivate them. He used the missiles at first when he struck the gunship. Now, he mainly used the autocannons and lasers, firing the missiles sporadically. 
“Now,” Quinn ordered, “Come on now!’
Gina, carrying Lilly, were the first ones out. As more and more people emerged they helped others get out.
Quinn looked around for the transports, “This way.” he said running into one.
The transport had wheels and thick armor plating.
“Have a seat,” Quinn said, “This will do nicely. We can fit everyone inside.”
Gina placed Lilly down in the passenger seat as she sat in the driver’s seat, “It has wheels,” she said, “How do I control this thing?”
Quinn pointed, “I assume that’s the on button. It says ‘IGNITION’.” he replied
Gina pressed the button and started the transport right up.
Quinn examined the controls more closely, “I can’t be sure but,” he said, “It looks like it controls like a cruzer.”
Gina looked, “Seems like it,” she replied, “I can figure this out then.”
The transport inched forward as Gina gave it some gas, then quickly hit the brake.
“You know where the CC is, right?” Quinn asked.
Gina looked in disbelief, “You’re not coming?” she responded.
Quinn shook his head, “Sorry,” he said, “I’ll have to take another transport. At the CC is a metal cover sealing a door. Use this transport’s communication equipment to let them know you’re there. They’re expecting us anyway.”
Outside, Quinn joined Kimberly and Stacy.
Right then in space, UED/NAFU ships began to rapidly appear one after another. The AFU ships broke orbit to focus their attention on the incoming ships. The counter fleet didn’t try sneaking up from behind as they had lost that advantage and this time it was the AFU who found themselves outnumbered and outgunned as numerous UED/NAFU ships kept coming in.
The firefight between both sides was furious but, it certainly was one-sided for the UED/NAFU vessels, who pressed forward in sheer numbers among the shooting.
The AFU attempted setting up a blockade which was quickly overrun by the incoming UED/NAFU ships, who took orbit and then began to launch their own starfighters.
Brad and Stuart were unleashing hell on the camp. With their aiming connected to their eyes, they looked everywhere feverishly.
 Orox crawled into the gunship’s cockpit amid sparks, “What hit us?” he asked.
“A missile of sorts,” the pilot answered, “There is a giant robot out there firing on us.”
“Can we take off?” Orox asked.
“We can’t go interstellar,” the pilot replied, “We can barely fly. I can get us a few feet off the ground.”
“Do it then,” Orox ordered, “Go after that thing.”
AFU soldiers had begun filling the camp, from inside the building, and take up defensive positions. They couldn’t see Stuart, only that his lasers seemed to be coming from different directions, glimpses of him appeared if they were lucky enough to strike him. Much of their focus turned to Brad, who was in a bigger, more powerful mech.
Stuart was in a smaller mech and more mobile, he kept strafing to keep the AFU from figuring out his exact location.
Brad was more stationary and began to focus his eyes more, targeting defenses and blowing them up. He caused much destruction as more AFU soldiers came from the building. When he noticed he was starting to take more damage than he would like, he began to back up around the building and noticed the gunship coming after him guns blazing. 
As Brad returned fire, one of the bullets pierced the cockpit and struck the pilot, killing him instantly, and causing him to go forward on his controls. Orox saw this and ran back as the gunship collided with the mech in a huge explosion. The mech fell back with the gunship on top of it.
After a few seconds, amid the flaming wreckage, Brad emerged with his suit on. He was fine but, he couldn’t find his footing. A piece of the wreckage came loose and trapped his leg temporarily. He kneeled over to lift the wreckage when a high-powered blast suddenly struck his trapped leg. Brad collapsed to the ground, writhing in pain.
“Trying to get away,” Orox said, pointing the rifle at him, “This is an XA-1 rifle, or as your pathetic species calls it ‘a one-hitter quitter’. That means your stupid suit isn’t going to protect you. Now, take off your mask, I know you can. Phase it off, now!”
Brad didn’t want to reveal his identity, especially to Orox. He didn’t want him to know he’d lost to him but, the pain in his leg was great and he didn’t want to get shot again.
As Orox took aim with his weapon, Brad raised a hand in surrender and phased off his helmet.
“You,” Orox said surprised, “I thought I recognized that suit. Brad was it? Today must be my lucky day, I need a prisoner.”
Just then a loud bang rang out and Orox dropped his rifle as he was struck in the shoulder by a bullet, he didn’t know what it was or where it came from, except that it hurt.
The rifle had fallen near Brad, who quickly picked it up and pointed it toward Orox. Both looked to see it was Quinn who’d fired one of his .38s.
“As I said before,” Quinn began, “You’re under arrest.”
Brad freed his foot and limped along as he escorted Orox down to Quinn. There, he was met by Kimberly and Stacy.
Kimberly examined Brad’s leg, “Are you going to be alright?” she asked.
“What do you think,” Brad answered, “I’m shot in the leg. Sorry, that’s the pain talking, the nanites should patch me up some. I’ll be fine.”
Stacy went to go look around for another transport as Stuart’s mech decloaked and powered down.
“Hey, Brad,” Stuart called, “I had come back when you did. Funny thing, the AFU stopped when I did and retreated back into the SI. Not one giving chase!”
“I found one,” Stacy said, “Let’s get in and head to the CC.”
Everyone entered the transport, with Brad getting some help from Kimberly. Quinn escorted Orox and Stuart sat in the driver’s seat.
The transport started up and began its journey to the CC. The trip was uneventful, Stuart noticed on its radar AFU soldiers had all retreated into buildings. They reached the CC in several minutes, with no resistance.
Kimberly walked up front and worked the communications pad, “Gina and the rest made it several minutes ago,” she said, “Signaling our arrival now.”
Stuart fully stopped the transport and opened its massive exit door. He began to climb out of the driver’s seat, “Alright,” he said, “We’re here. Everyone out!”
As they exited, sparks rained from the metal covering as it was beginning to be cut open again.
Brad limped to the front when he saw what looked like an AFU shuttle on approach for their location, “Everyone,” he yelled, “Get into cover!”
The group scrambled back into the transport.
Quinn forcefully sat Orox down.
“Don’t get any ideas,” Brad said, phasing on his suit with Stuart, “You’re our ticket outta this.”
“I don’t get it,” Stuart said, “My radar isn’t picking up anything.”
“Neither is mine,” Brad replied, “Maybe the AFU found a way to hack the sensors. Kim, radio the survivors to stop opening that door.”
Kimberly worked the radio feverishly.
Brad and Stuart peeked out to see the shuttle land. Its doors opened to let out a mix of what looked like AFU soldiers and humans.
Brad stepped out in front of them and phased off his suit, “That’s why they didn’t register as a foe,” he said, “They’re UED and NAFU. They got our message!”
The UED/NAFU personnel approached the survivors as they filed out of the transport.
“Now that I’ve reconfigured my radar,” Stuart said, “I’m reading a bunch of you guys everywhere.”
Brad pointed, “There are more survivors right under that metal panel.” he said.
A human dressed as an officer approached Brad, “Is Stacy here?” he asked.
Stacy stepped forward. “I’m right here,” she answered.
“Please,” the officer said, “Come with us. This is important.”
TAKING HOME BACK
The shuttle rapidly ascended. Brad and Stuart cradled their girlfriends. Quinn, with his .38, kept a close eye on Orox.
“Any idea what this is about?” Stuart asked.
“None,” Stacy replied, “Your guess is as good as mine.”
“How’s your leg now?” Kimberly asked.
“It’s fine,” Brad answered, “Nanites are doing their job. It doesn’t hurt anymore but, I still need to get medical attention soon.”
The shuttle quickly entered a NAFU ship and slowly landed. Its doors opened and everyone filed out.
 A human approached and shook Brad and Stuart’s hand, “My name is Major David Peter Thomas,” he said, “You all did an amazing job surviving till now. Where’s Stacy?”
Stacy stepped forward and raised her hand, “Right here, sir,” she answered, “Major Tom, I’ve heard of you.”
David approached her, “I’m sure you have,” he replied, “Even if it wasn’t our colony being attacked, I pulled some major strings for a fleet this size when your brother asked.”
Stacy was suddenly turned by her shoulder face to her brother, “Peyton!” she cried with glee.
Both hugged as everyone else looked on.
“How are you?” Peyton asked.
“I’m fine,” Stacy answered, then pointed to Quinn and the humans, “Thanks to these guys. What about you? I haven’t seen you in forever. I heard you retired.”
Peyton stood beside David, “I am retired,” he said, “I work for the Ambassador here and asked him to lend a big hand.”
Stuart shook Peyton’s hand, “I’m Stuart,” he said, “You’re a legend, sir.”
Brad approached and shook Peyton’s hand as well, “Brad here,” he introduced himself, “I’m only a police officer and even I’ve heard of you.”
“Your exploits are required reading at the academy,” Quinn added.
Several NAFU soldiers approached Quinn and came to a stop right in front of him.
One spoke, “It looks like you have Orox,” he said, “We know of him. We’ve been looking for him.”
Orox grew wide-eyed with fear.
“He’s under arrest for war crimes,” Quinn said.
“Funny,” the NAFU soldier said, “He’s on our list of war criminals as well. Let us take him and cross him off.”
“No!” Orox pleaded, as he was taken by the soldier and pushed out into the open.
The NAFU soldiers all raised their weapons, took aim at Orox, and released a hail of gunfire, sending him down in a blaze of glory.
Quinn looked on in disbelief unable to make a full sentence, “I…after I…wha…”
Brad looked at David who just shrugged.
“That’s their sense of justice,” David said, “It's quick. He was already found guilty. His punishment for this crime was death so, anyone on that list is as good as dead.”
“Kim, I’m going to go get this leg looked at,” Brad said, then looking at David, “Where’s medical?”
David took the lead, “Right this way.” he said.
Quinn and Kimberly followed the two men.
Stacy looked at Peyton and asked, “What now?”
“Now that you’re here safe and sound,” Peyton answered, “We can focus on taking back Omicron.”
UED ships took their positions in orbit and began sending wave after wave of Myrmidons.
Survivors looked up at the sky to see what looked like shooting stars filling the sky. They came out of hiding gleefully to greet the Myrmidons.
“Where’s the AFU?” a Myrmidon asked.
The survivors pointed in various directions.
The Myrmidon signaled others to go in a specific direction, “Looks like got some weed-pulling to do,” he said, “You folks stay in hiding, a shuttle will come to pick you up.”
Around a mansion, the Myrmidons closed in. Their radars sensed the enemy inside.
AFU soldiers peeked out from an attic with four windows. There were only a half dozen of them lying in wait.
Myrmidons crashed in through the windows one right after another, making eight against six.
These AFU soldiers only thought to fight back. They fired wildly at the incomers.
The Myrmidons kindly returned fire to put the enemy down in a fierce but brief firefight.
The NAFU had deployed their warbringers, machines very much like the mechs Brad and Stuart had used but, these were all computerized, no pilots.
One warbringer landed on a beach, at the sensor station.
An AFU soldier looked out to see it take aim and begin its assault.
The warbringer destroyed the building and did not stop firing until enemy readings on its radar had disappeared.
Quinn stepped beside David, “Are all the AFU soldiers to be killed on sight?”
“I would imagine so.” David nodded.
“How many would that be,” Quinn asked.
David phased out a pad and studied it for a moment, “We estimate around a billion, a billion and a half.”
“That’s a lot of killing,” Quinn replied, “It could take a while to get them all and it would make for some serious cleanup.”
David faced Quinn, “What do you suggest?” he asked.
“They can’t all be on that list,” Quinn answered, “I’m no sympathizer but, even I suspect they’re probably fighting on for people who are. Offer them surrender, promise they’ll live and I bet many of them will take it.”
David gave Quinn’s idea some thought, “It is a shortlist. Let me go talk to the generals. Hopefully, we can shorten this war.”
Hours passed, UED/NAFU forces had taken a standoff position around the enemy. Starfighters began to fire off canisters with filled hundreds of leaflets containing terms of surrender. Shuttles flew around broadcasting it on all channels and mobile stations had been set up to play it on loudspeakers.
The idea worked great as nearly all AFU forces came out with their arms up. The few who didn’t surrender had only been convinced to keep going on by the war criminals. After two or three days, these same soldiers retaliated against their war criminal leaders and took the opportunity to go out in peace and with their lives.
Omicron was slowly starting to get back to normal, a few cruzers roamed the skies, some people began to walk the streets again.
Quinn and Kimberly drove in a cruzer.
“So, you love Brad?” Quinn asked.
“Of course,” Kimberly answered, “Just because he now has Lilly doesn’t repel me. She’s not a baby and he didn’t have one with another woman. I see it as practice for when we do start a family.”
Quinn looked out a window, “I just found it odd timing when you told him.” he said.
Kimberly turned the joystick, “Stressful situations will do that to us but, I meant it and that’s what’s important.”
The cruzer parked and they both stepped out at a small park near a lake with a view of Ceris.
Brad pushed Lilly on a swing.
Quinn and Kimberly sat at a nearby picnic table. 
“You got it from here?” Brad asked.
“Sure,” Lilly said.
Brad approached, “Hi, alien and girl.” he said, sitting next to Kimberly, facing Ceris.
“Lovely view,” Kimberly said, “Isn’t it?”
“One we get to keep,” Brad answered, “As long as we’re willing to fight for it. We’ll always have this.”
“Look who’s coming now,” Quinn said.
It was Stuart and Stacy. They walked up casually hand in hand.
Brad motioned for them to sit, “Please.” he said.
“How’s work?” Kimberly asked.
“It’s a lot of cleanup,” Stacy answered.
“Can you believe it,” Stuart started, “I was told everything we did is being labeled as top-secret. We can’t tell anyone what we did. No one will ever know.”
Brad looked at Stacy, thinking of Lilly, “I’m fine with that,” he said, “At least we’re still alive.”
“What about you,” Stacy asked, “What have you guys been up to?”
“Guard duty!” Quinn replied as if he was already tired of it.
“C’mon, Quinn,” Brad said, “It’s not that bad. We could be saving the world.”


~~~~


Thank you for reading. The End.


###


ABOUT THE AUTHOR
I was born in 1981 and raised in Aurora, IL. Much of my childhood and school days are a blur. It all seemed to go by so fast. I began writing after high school. I wrote in private because I didn’t think anyone would believe I was a writer. I wrote for years with little going on and carrying on with life until I had a stroke.
My focus in writing has always been sci-fi/fantasy. My inspiration for this story has been (in no particular order) Star Trek, Star Wars, Guyver, our illustrious military, and a whole lot of pseudoscience. I think the great thing about being human is that we can have our cake and eat it too. We can like both Star Trek and Star Wars. Most people prefer one or the other and that’s ok, but why not admit to liking both? I think Star Trek represents a future we hope for and Star Wars represents a future we want.
Follow me on Twitter Jose Rodriguez (@JoseRod74866629) / Twitter

