

Out of the Closet

by Aimee Norin

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 by Aimee Norin. All rights reserved. Beyond the legal minimum, no part of this book may be reproduced or shared. Email Aimee Norin at aimeenorin@gmail.com

This novel is a work of fiction. Any similarity to events or persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters, things, places and events appearing in this work are fictitious.

This novel is for mature understanding. Though many of the concepts are sophisticated, about the life of transpersons, and though life and love are well celebrated herein, if it were a film I believe it could be shown on prime time, broadcast television because of the way it is restrained. It is not explicit in sex, but it is in the love of friends, the love of family, and romance between couples. It is about five people—a transsexual war veteran and P.O.W.; a transgender facing oppresion in a small, Arizona town; a Christian, natal cowboy who is accepting; a Muslim crossdresser from Afghanistan, who now lives in San Francisco; and a Jewish, lesbian school teacher from Texas—become friends, participate in San Francisco’s annual Pride parade and festivities, and take their lessons back to that small town in Arizona, where they overcome issues in a way far larger than they could have expected.
V6anij1w3




Out of the Closet
By
Aimee Norin

Begin Reading
Preface
Copyright Page
Table of Contents
About the Author
Contact the Author




“… all you have to do is to knock on any door and say, ‘If you’ll let me in, I’ll live the way you want me to live, and I’ll think the way you want me to think,’ and all the blinds will go up, and all the doors will open, and you’ll never be lonely, ever again.”

Spencer Tracy as Henry Drummond
Inherit the Wind
1960




PREFACE


Out of the Closet is a positive, uplifting novel about people who have the courage to stand with friends who are different, while continuing to maintain their own identity as well.
Five people—a transsexual war veteran and P.O.W.; a transgender facing oppresions in a small, Arizona town; a Christian, natal cowboy who is accepting; a Muslim crossdresser from Afghanistan, who now lives in San Francisco; and a Jewish, lesbian school teacher from Texas—become friends, participate in San Francisco’s annual Pride parade and festivities, and take their lessons back to that small town in Arizona, where they overcome issues in a way far larger than they could have expected.
Everyone who has been treated badly by a majority for a difference, whether an issue of race, religion, sex, gender, orientation, or anything else, has known the pain of rejection—and specifically by people who pretend to be accepting when they are not. The tell is the pattern of exclusion, of people acting like friends, while it happens over a long period of time that the person who is different is kept away from the friend’s other friends. When gently confronted, pretended friends—in this day of manufactured words, maybe I should make up “priends”—then deny they are doing anything: 
“I try to be friends with you, and you accuse me of prejudice? I am seen with you in public in front of other people!”
“But you’re keeping me away from people you know,” the transperson begs.
In this scenario, the priend doesn’t face his issues. The transperson takes the exclusions as a painful blow and drifts away from him to protect her battered heart. Then the priend, not owning his feelings, blames the transperson for no longer reciprocating friendship: “Hell, I don’t know what happened. I have been inviting her, but she won’t come any more.” The transperson knows this is happening also, and takes it as being kicked when she is down.
Trying a little devil’s advocacy, maybe we could ask if the reason for the exclusions is the priend likes a lot of different people, and his ethos is to keep friends separate if he feels they won’t get along. But per avoidance of a difference like trans, I usually wonder if the motivation for exclusion is really that altrustic. What is beneath the “diplomacy,” the willingness to hurt one of his friends, or to allow her to be hurt, so that other friends may avoid her? It may instead be as simple as giving in to small minds, reinforcing bigotry to satisfy a personal need to have his other friends, rather than encouraging growth and acceptance, or growing, himself.
This kind of thing seems benign to a lot of people, but I think, instead, that it is cruel.
To help people see what they’re saying, I sometimes recommend substituting a more socially recognized minority reference. Imagine a person who is saying they won’t come to an outing, “if you bring along that (minority) person.” 
There are many people who, even while they may decry such a hurtful thing for other minorities, would nonetheless consider it valid to raise the same objection about a transperson.
Out of the Closet is an example of people who have the courage to stand with friends who are different, while maintaining their own identity as they do, letting each person be herself—as, without those qualities, conflict would be created and separation would result. The cowboy from Arizona, the transsexual from the Army, the transgender from L.A., the crossdresser from Afghanistan, the lesbian from Texas … 

Aimee Norin




BRIEF INTRODUCTION


Five good people who are different from each other—a transsexual war veteran and P.O.W.; a transgender facing oppresions in a small, Arizona town; a Christian natal cowboy who is accepting; a Muslim crossdresser from Afghanistan, who now lives in San Francisco; and a Jewish, lesbian biker—all become friends, participate in San Francisco’s annual Pride festivities, and take their lessons back to that small town in Arizona, where they overcome oppressions in a way far larger than they could have expected.




CHAPTER

1


The window exploded through the cockpit of the chopper. Blood splattered across the panel to the windows on the other side. The Blackhawk helicopter lurched to the side, jamming the crew against their restraints.
“Aaaaaaaaaah!” the co-pilot yelled grabbing his head.
Fifty feet below, the Afghan desert town began to spin.
The pilot yanked to bank, but the chopper didn’t respond. He fought the controls. 
The co-pilot fell onto the controls on his side, and the pilot reached over with his left hand to pull his head back off the cyclic. “Hold on!” he screamed at the crew, but there was no time.
Almost immediately, the chopper crashed through the roof of the nearest building, its tail rotor raking through the outside wall of the next structure. Stone shards hit the chopper like bullets.
The pilot slammed against the chopper’s frame. His helmet cracked. Something knifed its way through the flesh of his right arm.

* * *

Oceanna organized costumes in the film’s Venice Beach location semi-trailer, provided for the purpose. She held out a rather nice bodice that might do the trick.
“How about this?” she asked a co-worker. “I normally do set design.”
“I thought you were the authority on all things silk,” he responded with a playful, campy smirk.
“That’s Drag Queens, sugar plumb,” Oceanna said. “You ever seen me on stage?”

* * *

It was a hot day in Kingman, Arizona.
“Over there,” Derie said, pointing. She slipped fingers through her husband’s hand and gave it a squeeze.
A man with a large forklift took a load of alfalfa hay bales off a flat-bed truck and waddled through the parking lot with them to the stacks in the back.
“This will be a fine feed store when it opens, Derie,” Mason Winchester said to his wife, holding their two-year-old son, Jason, in his free arm.
“You bet it will be.” The truck driver doubled as a rancher. “You both been married, what?”
“’Bout three years,” Mason said to him.
“Four,” Derie corrected. “And getting better all the time.”

* * *

In an assisted living facility in Kingman, Eighty-four-year-old Emily looked up from her wheelchair and smiled at Oceanna. She mouthed more than spoke, and Oceanna picked out the words. “Love you—” Emily clipped the name, as always.
 “Oceanna,” Oceanna said, touching her own chest. “I’m Oceanna—” 
“I know it,” Emily said.
Oceanna choked back a tear. “I love you, too, Mom.”
“Ha, ha, ha,” another resident in the assisted living facility laughed. “Still won’t call you by name?”
Oceanna turned to the man, in a recliner with his walker beside him.
“Not yet,” she said.
“How long’s it been since you switched?” the man asked. 
“Uh,” Oceanna thought. “About twenty years.”
The man laughed
“And what’s wrong with that?” Oceanna asked him.
“You’re just different, is all,” Nurse Sarah said, walking into the day room. “Kingman isn’t L.A.”
Oceanna smiled at her. “I’m here to visit my mom for a while.”
No one spoke at first, then, “How long?” someone in the back asked.
“I don’t know,” Oceanna said, eyeing the group. “I might move here permanently, for all I know. The desert is so clean, and you’re all so nice!”

* * *

Jed parked his dirty old pickup outside the convenience store, just off the freeway in Kingman. “Got to go inside and get some beer,” he said to Frank in the passenger seat.
“’Kay,” Frank said with a smile.
“Leave things alone in here while I’m gone!” Jed said to him.
Frank looked at the dusty mess of papers, pens, beer bottles and candy bar wrappers on the seat and floor. There were some left-over French fries in a greasy bag near the stick shift, and part of a hamburger under a brown paper bag.
A woman’s baby-blue garter belt hung from the rear view mirror.
“’Kay,” Frank said with a smile.
Jed jumped out of the pickup and walked toward the store.
A gay couple came out and accidentally hit Jed’s hand with the door.
“Oh, we’re so sorry! Are you hurt?” One man said with a smile, reaching out to touch Jed on the arm.
“Watch it!” Jed knocked the man back into the store front. “Didn’t you see me comin’? Oh, Jeees,” Jed said to Frank back in the truck, indicating the travelers. “Lookie what we got here?” 
Frank did.
He turned back to the frightened men. “Can’t you get lily-pink gas back there in California?”

* * *

The pilot, thin, naked and bloodied, lost in Afghanistan, was chained to the ceiling in a small, hot room. His arms were stretched over his head; hand cuffs dug into the flesh of his wrists. His legs could no longer hold his weight and were bent at the knees. Blood on his arms, head, chest and back that once ran freely was brown and caked with sweat and dirt.
Tears were dried where they had streamed down his face unknown days before. The horror of his life had long since fled his mind leaving him only with the stunned need to cease. To stop. To not BE any more. There was no more need, no internal plea—no pain as a child, no fear as an adolescent, no self-hatred, no yearning any more for God to help. 
There were no more thoughts.
There was only death.
The door to the room opened. A small man entered carrying a plate of dried food. He sat it on the floor in front of the pilot and proceeded to urinate on it, laughing. He said something the pilot didn’t hear, slapped him hard across the face, and walked back out of the room, slamming the door behind him.

* * *

Wearing their Sunday best, Mason, Derie, and their son, Jason—now three—sat in their customary pew in church. The congregation was singing.

“Count your blessings,
name them one by one …”

* * *

Oceanna walked into the restaurant.
“Excuse me? May I ask where is the ladies’ room?” 
Staff didn’t respond.

* * *

“G’mornin’, Ma’am.” The old farmer said, tipping his hat to the lady. He made his way through the feed store, clomping his boots on the rough wood floor as he went. “I’m here to see what you have for horses.”
“Sure,” Derie said, walking in the direction of the horse aisle. “More ‘n we know what to do with, right over here.”
Jason, her four-year-old, had been playing with a truck behind the counter. He picked it up and followed his mother.
“I got me a horse just the other day. Didn’t plan on it, but ole Greenblat—that place north of the Crawford’s? He sold me his for a song, right out of the blue.”
Derie smiled at the sight of her son with her in the store.
Mason came in from the back-lot door. “Nice to see you again, Bill.” 
“Your family is such a picture,” the man said.

* * *

Jed walked through Walmart, through the ladies’ department in the front of the store toward the sporting goods section in the back, Frank in tow.
“Some nice things in here,” Frank said.
“You a pervert, Frank?” 
“Can I help you, sir?” an employee asked.
“Did I ask you for help?” Jed said to her gruffly.

* * *

The pilot lay naked on the concrete floor of the small room, against the back wall, his lungs barely breathing, his heart barely beating. The filthy floor beneath him was cold and hard, though he didn’t notice. His bones cut through emaciated skin to stab at the dirty crust.
The small door to the room opened, and a woman entered carrying a plate of food. She sat the food down on the floor by the prisoner, said something to him that, as always, was not heard. She repeated herself, louder, but the pilot didn’t respond. 
Another woman stuck her head into the room, and the two women seemed to argue about the prisoner.
The first lady nudged the pilot with her foot.
Nothing.
She looked at him for a few seconds, then turned and left the room, shutting the door behind her.




CHAPTER

2


The boom from a nearby explosion shook the walls. Dirt settled off them. Gunfire echoed off buildings.
Army choppers flew overhead, the Doppler shift dropping their tone as they passed.
Marines shouted in the fury of battle. 
“Over there!”
More gunfire.
“Aaaaaaayyy!”
“Round that building!”
“Heads up!”
“Hurry up!”
“Get over there! Clear that site!”
The door to the pilot’s room burst open.
“Oh, Jesus!” the lieutenant said, seeing the starved body on the floor. “There he is!” The lieutenant ran over to the body, knelt beside the still, naked, emaciated form and looked for signs of life.
A sergeant ran into the room. The lieutenant glanced at her.
“Chief!” the lieutenant shouted at the still body on the floor. 
No response.
“No dog tags!” the lieutenant said to the sergeant.
The lieutenant gently stroked the pilot’s hollow face. “Chief Warrant Officer Fisher!” the lieutenant shouted.
Still no response. 
“Is he alive?” the sergeant asked.
“Maybe,” the lieutenant said. He put two fingers on the chief’s neck. “Jesus Christ! CORPSMAN!” he yelled, calling for the Navy field paramedic. “CORPSMAN!”   
“He’s okay?” the sergeant asked, stepping forward.


The sergeant and a corpsman bore Fisher on a stretcher to a waiting Army copter.
Another soldier ran beside the stretcher holding a bottle of saline, fed into Fisher’s I.V.
Other service men and women stood around them, watching with respect.
“Eight months in that hell hole,” someone nearby said.


Fisher lay in a hospital bed in the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, Bethesda, Maryland. He had multiple I.V.s. A nurse sat beside his bed and spoke to him softly.
Tears formed in Fisher’s eyes for the first time since his arrival.
“Doctor!” the nurse called.


Two months later, still far-too-skinny Fisher sat on the floor in a Navy psychiatrist’s office, in Bethesda, holding his own head in his hands as if he meant to crush it, crying, face red and distorted, rocking back and forth in fear and shame.
The psychiatrist was obviously moved and compassionate, slipping out of his chair to sit beside the patient on the floor. 
“You’ve carried this with you your whole life?” the doctor asked.
Fisher covered his face with his hands and nodded through sobs.
The doctor reached out to touch Fisher’s hand.
Fisher jerked his hand away. “Are you gonna hurt me, too?” 
“No!” the doctor asserted confidently, withdrawing his reach. “This is not the ‘70s.”


Fisher sat in a small apartment off-base and checked her email on her out-of-date iPhone 4S.
There it was, the one she was looking for.
She thumbed into her phone:

“Yes! thank U! 
I have enough!!!!
Back pay and bonus
THANK U! THANK YOU!
But I need to RUSH   Its been too long
Who can help me fast?
I cant do this any more
I feel like I’m dying…”


Four months later as a civilian, Simi Fisher was rolled toward the operating room on a gurney. She was awake, but she’d been given something to relax her. She could see all around her, but felt no anxieties—not that she would have, anyway. The surgery was something she’d prayed for since she was a little g—  For all her life—  Since she was a little girl, she asserted to herself.
I can say it.
Her gurney was stopped temporarily on its travels. She saw her surgeon scrubbing up at a sink in an adjoining room.
Her heart was so thankful. She reached out to embrace her surgeon, though her arms didn’t move. Peace engulfed her.
Her surgeon turned around to smile at her.
God… God… God…  Oh, God was all Simi could think.
The surgeon looked deeper into Simi’s eyes. The thought didn’t need to be framed. She knew what Simi was trying to say.
“It’s okay,” the surgeon said. “It’s okay. You are a girl, and in a few seconds, to you, you’ll be female, also.”
A tech walked up to Simi on her gurney began to roll it into the O.R. “This is God’s plan for you.”


Simi woke in recovery. Her mind waking up from anesthesia in stages, she sensed that she’d been awake before she’d been aware of it.
There was no surprise. There was no pain—just a sense that she’d had surgery.
It’s over!
She fell back asleep.


She awoke again in her room, comfortable in her bed. There were tubes in her right arm. She was wearing a standard hospital gown under clean sheets. There was no one else in the room. 
It was quiet.
She didn’t know how long it had been, but her mind roused. She had to check.
Slowly, she raised the sheets and lifted her gown to see. To her surprise, there were no bandages visible in the area of her groin.
She looked, and there was nothing there.
She raised her head and peered more closely.
Her heart jumped! Seeing and having were so much more than wishing!
No hair, because they’d shaved it for the surgery—  The area was swollen, after surgery—  The incisions were lower in her crotch, and she couldn’t see from her angle.
Her nurse, Cherrie, entered the room.
Simi looked in awe at the nurse, not dropping the sheet.


Simi stood at the door of the hospital, looking out at the world. She turned to look at Nurse Cherrie beside her, when her tears began to flow for the hundredth time.
Cherrie touched her shoulder, and Simi’s face distorted into a full cry. She wrapped her frail arms around Cherrie’s neck.
“Thank you, Cherie! Thank you so much!”
Cherrie moved a hand to the back of Simi’s head and held her, neither of them moving.
Simi cried a pain she’d held since the first thoughts of her life—  The pain at being so wrong before, so horribly wrong. And having to live with the nightmare of her adolescence when everything wrong got worse! And then to have to buck it up for the Army—
“It’s over,” Cherrie said softly into Simi’s hair, which was a foot long so far. Cherrie moved part of Simi’s hair behind her ear and whispered to her: “It’s okay, now.”
Which made Simi cry even more.




CHAPTER

3


Frail Simi sat on a used, black Heritage Softtail at a local dealership in Ft. Washington, MD—an ’09 with the ninety-six cubic inches and a six-speed transmission. 
“She’ll give you maybe twenty-seven hundred turns at seventy miles per hour, little lady,” the salesman said with a warm smile. He looked like a spiritual man, with a pentacle around his neck. “You sure you know how to ride this?”
Simi beamed at him, which she’d been doing to everyone for the last two months.
“Well, your feet can touch the ground well enough. Most ladies who like the full-sized hogs choose something like this soft-tail, because the seat’s low and they can reach the ground with it. You can, it seems.” 
He smiled at her.
She smiled back at him. “I think I can do fine with it, but you want waaaay too much money. My dad would kill me if I paid what you’re asking.”
The salesman chuckled. “You’re what? Twenty? You’re all grown up now, honey. You don’t need to worry about him.”
“Still, I can hear him calling out to me. If you drop it one thousand, I’ll take it.” She put the kick stand down and got off it.
He started to object, but she headed for the door.
By the time she got to the door, he came down five hundred. She smiled to herself and turned back to him.
“I can’t believe everything that’s happening,” she said to the salesman.
Genuinely a nice guy, the sales man returned, “Magic can sooo change your life, if you want it badly enough.”


I-70 West, south of Pittsburgh, Simi rode her new-to-her Harley at seventy miles per hour. With her new, white Harley-Davidson helmet on and her iPod ear plugs in, the Harley sounded like a rolling base boar hog which complemented her Journey playlist. Arnel Pineda could sing! 
She passed a trucker who smiled kindly at her through his window.
The way he smiled—  
Simi glowed within, her smile so broad it threatened to break her helmet. 
How could he tell she was female through her helmet and jacket, sitting on a black Hog?
Oh. She caught herself. It was her size and her jacket. She was only 5’7”, she weighed about a hundred and forty pounds, skinny as a rail, and her biker jacket was pink. Her hair in a short pony tail out the back bottom of the helmet probably helped, too.
She laughed at herself and raised the face plate of her full helmet to smile back at him.
He nodded to her.
She raised her fist to pump it a couple of times for the universal symbol of “Please honk your horn.” The trucker reached up and pulled down on the chain, blew his air horn, laughing good-naturedly with her. Simi gave him a friendly wave of thanks, lowered her helmet’s face plate, and pulled out ahead. 
The world was new. Everything Simi owned in the world was in a soft bag strapped to the back seat, which she used as a backrest. It was more than enough to start again. Leave everything behind. Remake herself. This was her chance.
She slowly rocked her hips back and forth: no pain—only a little, if she got in just that wrong position. The surgery had been healing nicely, and the seat on the Harley was wide and padded. The trick, the doctor had said, is to baby it in the beginning and follow orders. She did, and still, at times, she thought it wise to sit on an inflatable, surgical “donut” she brought for the purpose, just to make sure she didn’t cause a problem.
She moved on the seat. It was fine for now—
And she had sensation she’d never had before.
The seat came all the way up to her—crotch. Her pants were snug where they never could have been before. The feeling was delicious! Part of her mind whirled through remembered pain: Why couldn’t God have made her this way to start with? Why did he have to be so difficult? 
But the larger part of her mind was so elated, so ecstatic with her new self, that she couldn’t stay trapped in earlier horrors.
Her skin! She felt her fingers move inside her gloves—soft as velvet. Everything she touched, the handlebars, the seat, her clothes, her breasts—
Her breasts were even softer than velvet: A-cups, vibrating slowly with the bike against the inside of her bra.
Her hair was a foot long so far—  I’m going to grow it all the way down! 
She rolled down the freeway, passed the occasional car or truck.
The bike was a sensual mixture of smooth-as-cream at cruise with a visceral vibration she could feel in her groin. 
She felt herself rouse slightly. 
Did Harley plan the bike to be that way?
Sensation was coming back to her groin area with the passing months, and with the huge V-Twin pumping up and down between her thighs—  She laughed at herself yet again behind the Harley’s windshield. She’d never noticed that before on anything.
She realized: the sensation was new, not only because it was, indeed, new, but also because she’d been cut off from herself before as if she’d been living in a cocoon.
The bike’s vibration was incessant, like a lover who wouldn’t stop, thumping away at three thousand R.P.M.—she was going eighty, now. It felt so vital!
I am going to keep this bike forever! 
She passed another trucker who made sick googly eyes at her while he wagged his tongue back and forth like a drunken Rottweiler.
Simi showed him her middle finger and pulled away, leaving him in her dust.
She reached in her jacket pocket and dialed in playlist on her iPod. Arnel of Journey sang Faithfully to her, while she rode west:

Highway run
Into the midnight sun
Wheels go round and round
You’re on my mind…

She didn’t realize her speed increased to eighty-five.

* * *

Oceanna walked out the front door of her mom’s house and saw the neighbor by the driveway.
“Good morning, Don,” she said to him.
Don looked at her, but didn’t respond.
“Nice day,” Oceanna said.
“Morning,” Don barely eked out. 
“Be cool today, only about ninety.”
Don said nothing.
“You know, you’re treating me like someone you don’t want around.”
Don looked at her as if to confirm her astonishing grasp of reality.
“How is that different, with me, as opposed to maybe with a black person? Or a Jew? Or a handicapped person? A Mexican? A Democrat, God forbid?”

* * *

I-40 West, Simi rode into the setting sun through genteel country estates east of the Sandia Mountains, east of Albuquerque. She stopped at a motel near Moriarty, the warm evening breeze gracefully luffing her blouse against her skin.
There was another bike there, a Goldwing, with two riders and a trailer. 
“Hello,” Simi said to them.
“Hello there,” the lady said to Simi.
The man smiled.
“You’re staying the night?” Simi asked.
“Yup,” the man said. “Can’t see debris on the road well at night, and a bike won’t take it like a car would. Just think of a piece of retread when you hit it at seventy.”
“We’re going to check in. You want to have dinner with us after?” the lady asked Simi. 
Simi answered with a smile and hugged her.


Meteor Crater, the next day. Winslow, Arizona became part of Simi’s new life. She stood on the edge of the platform and looked where a clash of matter had brought such beauty. Nearly a mile across and five hundred fifty feet deep, it must have been hit with something—almost as big as her old problem had been.
Simi thought about it and felt the message.
It could as easily have been a clash of ideas. 




CHAPTER

4


Oceanna tried to gauge the country hick in front of her. He was sitting on a beautiful blue and black hog, his Resistol cowboy hat on his head, his Justin boots on the floorboard.
 “Fifteen thousand bucks for a used bike?” she asked him.
They were on Mason’s driveway south of Kingman, under his carport awning, twelve feet south of the weeds that grew in the gutter by the curb. It was late afternoon, and the sun’ heat was baking them right through the thin sheet steel roof above. Oceanna scowled a complaint to the awning and wiped her forehead with the back of her hand.
Mason’s four-ear-old son, Jason, was “helping” Daddy on the bike by pulling on the engine guard and making cute biker sounds.
Mason smiled. “It’s a Harley, and they do tend to keep their value—a 2011 Ultra Limited—analog aux input for an iPod, built-in stereo including A.M., F.M.—and a C.B. radio—heated hand grips—”
“Don’t need those around here,” Oceanna put in.
“—plenty of room in the back baggage bay for two full helmets and baggage space for two people in the side compartments. They all lock up.”
“I’m by myself,” she said, making at least a weak attempt to haggle.
“And this large ‘batwing’ fairing is great to ride with, rain or wind. With only fourteen thousand miles on it, this bike is good as gold. I already had it in for it’s next five thousand mile service, which isn’t due for another thousand miles.”
Oceanna looked uncomfortable. “Sudden sale? Why’d you have the service done when you don’t even need it yet and then turn around and sell it?”
“That’s the way I keep a bike. The dealership can verify—  True, but no. That’s not all of it. We own the feed store over that-a-way? I’ve been looking at the new 2014s, semi-liquid cooled, for six months now, and we had a good month at the store last month, and Derie finally gave me permission to get one. So when I sell this, I’m going straight to the dealership and get one of those. They’re already holding my new one—black and whiskey—that sparky-amber color? But this bike is worth the fifteen, I do think. If you bought it in this same shape at the dealership, it’d probably cost you eighteen or so, maybe two thousand more from some dealerships, I recon.”
“Yeah, but fifteen thousand for a bike I don’t need? I have my mom’s car—”
“You said you don’t like to drive your Mom’s car,” Mason told her.
True.
“But I have car of my own.”
“You said that’s back in L.A., collectin’ dust? Why didn’t you bring it to Kingman?”
Oceanna put her thumbs in the pockets of her pants and imitated a classic hick. “Because it sucks like a race horse—”
“Mason!” Derie called from inside the house. 
Mason laughed at Oceanna.
Derie walked out onto the car port. “Oh. I see. This is who is buying your bike?” Derie shook hands with Oceanna. “Hello. I’ve heard about you, but never met. Glad to meet you.”
Derie reached down to pick up Jason and stood nearby with him, patting him on the back. “Such a big boy! You’re getting so heavy!”
“I wanna ride the bike with Daddy,” Jason said.
“So do I,” Derie said, but Daddy’s working with it right now.”
Mason checked the kickstand was secure and got off the Harley, stood beside it. He was fit. Every muscle in his body seemed hard, trim. His western shirt was tucked into his pants under a belt with a large, oval “All Around Cowboy” buckle in the front. And in his boots, he stood about two inches taller than Oceanna. His hat nearly touched the carport awning beams overhead. He smiled at her. “Why don’t you sit on her and give her a try? You look tall enough to reach the ground.”
“My car is covered,” Oceanna said with a smirk. She raised her left foot and stuck it over the seat from the right side, sliding onto the seat. It was plush, as comfortable as a pillow.
“Gawd!” she accidentally said.
She held the handlebars, twisted the throttle like an expert, worked the clutch, front brake, rocked the bike back and forth, looked through the windshield.
“You seem to know what you’re doing,” Mason said.
“I’ve ridden off and on for maybe fifty years, so I should.”
Oceanna’s phone rang. She dug it out of her pocket and looked at it.
“Jesus!” she said.
Mason and Derie looked startled. 
“Sorry,” Oceanna said, pressing the icon on her phone to accept the call.  “Simi!”
Oceanna’s face went whiter than it already was. “You’re here? In Kingman?” Pause. “You’re alright? On a bike!? What are you doing riding that bike so soon, girl? It’s probably two thousand miles!”  Oceanna looked quickly at Mason and Derie to see if she gave anything away. “Honey are you up to it? You had surgery—okay, you’re here, so I guess so. My God, Jesus!” she said again.
Mason looked down at his own lap and smiled, a little shake of his head.
“I’m not at home. I’m over here at this guy’s house looking for a little cheap—hell, not so cheap—transportation.” She gave Mason a dirty look.
Derie gave her a dirty look back.
“San Francisco!? Christ on a cracker!” Oceanna said into the phone. “I can’t believe this. What kind of bike?” Pause. “One sec,” she said into the phone, handing it to Derie. “Could you please tell her how to get to the dealership?”
“Okay.” Derie took the phone and gave directions.
“You wouldn’t believe it,” Oceanna told Mason. “A friend of mine just rode her hog across the country to get here, and she’s here, now!” 
Mason was quick to reply. “The price just went up to sixteen thousand—”
“Mason!” Oceanna yelled.
Mason laughed. “Seventeen!”
Derie hit him on the arm, none too gently.
“Just kidding!” He laughed at himself harder.
“Maybe I’ll drop it back to fifteen for her, if you’ll sleep with me tonight,” he said to his wife.
Derie hit him on the arm again, feigning embarrassment.
“Hottest thing in the county,” Mason said to Oceanna. “I think being pregnant makes her even more so.”
“Three months,” Derie said to Oceanna, patting her tummy.
“Congratulations,” Oceanna said to them.
Derie handed Oceanna’s phone back to her. “She’s already hung up. She’s on her way there. Why you send her to the dealership?”
“Because it’s a good place to take my new hog.”




CHAPTER

5


Thursday evening at the dealership, the place was unusually crowded. Someone had scheduled a group ride to a restaurant, which appeared to be popular.
Derie took Mason in the pickup and dropped him off out front. 
Oceanna followed them on her new, blue hog, stopping by the front door, testing her muffler system with a few rev’s. 
Mason stood beside her for a minute. “Feel good?” He asked Oceanna.
Oceanna nodded to him in her helmet, which came with the bike.
“Good, good. Come on inside and meet the service department.” Mason fingered her to follow him, and he walked inside, pocket full of cash and a broad smile on his face.
Twenty other bikers watched.
Oceanna got off the bike, stored her stuff in the boot—when Simi drove into the parking lot, honking her horn.
Oceanna turned to look. 
Other bikers stood around to watch.
Simi rode up beside Oceanna and hopped off her bike. Her helmet went onto her mirror. She stood in front of Oceanna, looked up at her. Tears welled in her eyes.
“Simi—” Oceanna began to say.
Simi wrapped her arms around Oceanna’s neck and hugged her tightly.
Oceanna returned the hug, and Simi began to cry again.
People stared. “What the—”
“Simi,” Oceanna said again. 
Simi hugged Oceanna’s neck even tighter.
People spoke quietly to each other then looked back at them.
“Simi, honey! Great to see you.” Oceanna pried Simi’s arms off her neck.
Simi gave her a kiss on the cheek, glanced quickly at people watching. 
“Simi!, you did it! Look at you!” Oceanna said.
“Thank you for all your help, Oshie. I’d have been flailing around for months without you.”
“It takes most people a year or two.”
They hugged again.
“It’s nice to meet you in person, Osh. Thank you so much again.”
Mason stepped back out of the dealership and stood among the other bikers. “This is your friend?” he asked Oceanna.
Oceanna blinked her cry away. “Yes.” She turned both Simi and herself to face Mason. “This is Simi Fisher.” Oceanna looked as if she were thinking. “A friend.” Then to Simi, “And this is Mason Winchester. I just bought his bike.”
“Hi,” Simi said to Mason, oblivious to everyone around them.
“Good to meet you,” Mason said.  “This is your bike? You rode this all the way from Europe or something?”
“Mason—” Jed from the crowd began to ask Mason something, but stopped.
“What?” Mason asked back? “Gotta look at this lady’s bike, here, Jed.” He turned back to Simi’s bike.
“You got to be kiddin’ me!” Jed said.
Other bikers seemed to agree, and there was a little grumbling. “We got a ride to go on,” they said. “Lets go.”
Some bikers filed away.
Frank stood there and watched Jed.
Oceanna watched them.
Mason ignored them.
“She rode from Maryland,” Oceanna finally said for Simi. “She just got out of the Army, and—wow—she came here.”
“U.S. Army? Not all of us have served.” He looked at Jed. 
“I have a bad back!” Jed said. 
Mason turned back to Simi, he said, “What’d you do there?”
A few people nearby stopped to pay more attention.
“Why is she riding your bike, Mason!” Jed asked.
Others seemed curious.
Mason looked at everyone. “It’s okay. I didn’t want to trade her in, because I get more if I sell it outright. I’m getting’ a new Ultra inside, there, right now. Derie finally gave in.”
“Which one?” Frank asked, standing next to Jed.
“Amber Whiskey, back there by the service department,” Mason said.
Oceanna looked at the men. “Simi, we better get your bag off the back seat.” She began untying Simi’s bag, but Mason stepped in. Putting a hand on the bag, he said “It’ll be okay here,” he smiled at the people nearby. “Won’t it, Frank.”


Mason disappeared into a room with someone to get the paperwork arranged for his new bike. 
Simi and Oceanna sat on a bench inside among the clothing department and caught up. 
Oceanna held Simi gently by the shoulders. “You okay, honey?” She looked at Simi. Her eyes dropped in concern briefly to Simi’s groin. “I’ve heard that can be delicate for a while.”
“It’s no problem,” Simi said. “A bicycle might be a problem because it has a little seat, but the big one doesn’t hurt at all.”
“But you must be exhausted after the big ride.”
“I’ve never felt more alive,” Simi said. “What I don’t want to do is nothing. I’m busting at the seams! I gotta get out and live, or so help me!”
Simi’s enthusiasm was infectious.
Oceanna began to laugh. “So what you going to do with yourself? Something about San Francisco?”
“Good ol’ San Fran?” Mason walked back up to them. “What’s that?”
“We are going to San Francisco,” Oceanna said to Mason. Then to Simi, “If that’s okay with you.”
Simi smiled and hugged Oceanna yet again.
“Both of you?” Mason asked.
Simi shook her head yes.
“Apparently,” Oceanna said. “Why not?”
“Why?” Mason asked.
“I’m going to go ride with Dykes on Bikes in the Pride parade there. It’s Sunday.” Simi said.
“You’re lesbian?” Mason asked Simi.
Simi smiled and gave Mason a brief hug, too. 
Frank, Jed, and a few others noticed from several feet away.
“I read about it online,” Simi said. “It’s three or four hundred bikes all lined up, rumbling. They ride at five miles per hour down the parade rout to open the show, and it’s quite a big deal, so I hear. I’m new to it.”
The salesman came over to their little chat. “Mason,” he said, all smiles. “Your bike is all ready. It’s out front, waiting for you.”
“Oceanna—” Mason said.
“Friends just call me ‘Owsh,’ you two. Almost as if you were going to cuss and cut yourself off. Or you think I’m a she. Neither of you know me well at all, so let me get that all down.”
“Osh,” Mason said, trying it out. “I never heard you called that before.”
“No friends in this town, is why,” Oceanna said.
“Well, you do now,” Mason said. “And you left your mom’s car over at my place, so we got to go get it.”
“Want us three to ride back to my place—  Simi, you up to it? You’ve just ridden in  from Europe, and you look kind of frail.”
Simi took that as a compliment and smiled at him.
“They put a plaster cast on her face. It’s permanent that way, now. I think it’d break if she frowned,” Oceanna said.
Simi smiled at her even more.
“Okay,” Mason said. “You seem fine. So we ride back to my place. The neighbors will watch Jason. We’ll get Derie to drive your car back to your place. We’ll lead her on our bikes—we got to ride these things. Then the four of us will go over to this nice restaurant we like—not far from here, actually—and have us a bit of a celebration. What say ye?”


The four of them sat in a booth at the restaurant: Simi and Derie to the inside, and Mason and Oceanna to the outside.
The waitress took their orders and left their table.
Jed, Frank, and three men who weren’t at the dealership, walked in the door. “You all take the booth right beside theirs, okay?” the waitress said to them.
They did, looking heavily at Oceanna and Simi.
Oceanna looked sour. “Oh, no.”
“What’s the matter?” Derie asked.
“More diminutions,” Oceanna said.
“Diminutions?” Derie asked.
“I got it from a friend of mine, back in L.A.: Regina Isler. Maybe you’ve seen her on T.V.? Transgender psych professor. Promotes the Paradigm.”
“Daily Diminutions,” Oceanna explained. “To make us ‘minute,’ smaller, less of a person. But really, when it stacks up over the years, they sit on your heart more painfully, like ‘Daily Dimunitions.’ That’s munitions, like things that really hurt us.”
 “Oh, I’m so sorry,” Derie said. “And you have to live with that? I’m ashamed!”
“Not all of us get to live,” Oceanna said.
“Oh, yes—and that poor couple who were killed!” Derie said. “And their friend in the spa.”
Jed was glaring at them from the next booth.
Oceanna looked away. “You mean Nuala, Sean and Jack? I know. I met them last Christmas Eve—same night a friend of mine committed suicide. God that was horrible.”
“Your friend?” Simi asked.
Oceanna nodded. “Nan. Transgender, like me.” Oceanna’s face took on a thousand yard stare.  “I was obviously not a very good friend. Christmas Eve, and I left her alone. Net result:  Dead Nan.”
Simi reached out to hold her hand.
“I was there watching Nuala sing at the pizza joint at the time— You know who I mean?” Oceanna’s face distorted in anger. 
“Yes. We saw her on T.V.,” Derie said.
“You couldn’t know,” Simi said to her.
Oceanna looked away with tears in her eyes.
Mason tried to nudge in. “And you said three other people were killed?”
Oceanna nodded. “The singer, her boyfriend, and their bodyguard, Jack. Out at her place in Malibu. Shot and stabbed—  Regina was beside herself, which for Regina is saying a lot because she’s never rattled—drenched in blood. I sat with her for hours that night, and for weeks—  It just about killed us all.”
Oceanna turned to Jed, Frank and the table of idiots. “That kind of thing happens to us,” she said to them. “Hate crimes. No one knows how many, or what all kinds, because those kinds of records aren’t kept very well, but it’s a lot. And it’s because—”
Jed looked worried.
Oceanna stopped, visibly shaken, as if she might take her anger out on them.
No one at Jed’s table spoke.
Simi’s face was white.
Derie was upset. 
“That kind of thing won’t happen here,” Mason said, looking to Oceanna but speaking to everyone.
Mason looked sick for his new friends. “I apologize for the world’s behavior,” he said. “I hate that sort of thing for every reason in the book, and all I can say that might be positive here is that we can learn from that and do better.”
“That’s why I love him,” Derie said, giving him a peck on the cheek.
“Nothing is more important than life, and that also means the quality of life. So in resolution, here and now—in their name and everyone’s honor—I’d like to propose a toast to set a better course.” Mason raised his glass.
They all reached for their glasses of water, except Oceanna.
“I will, if it’s in a can,” Oceanna said.
“Why?” Mason asked.
Oceanna looked around on reflex before answering quietly to Mason. “Because, if you haven’t noticed, some of the people around here are hostile to me, and I swear: in a place like this, I half expect someone, frankly, to spit in my glass or on my food before I get it.”
Mason, Derie, and Simi all looked alarmed at that.
Mason turned his head to look at the kitchen. He couldn’t see the cook well from that angle, but he could see he wasn’t happy.
“That’s Zane,” Mason said. 
Zane frowned at them and turned back to his grill.
“Paranoid bitch,” Jed said with a smile from the next table.
“You mean as opposed to being discriminated against or beaten up or killed?” Oceanna demanded.
Mason looked at the booth of five men next to them, then at the other three people at his own table. He took the cloth napkin off his lap and slapped it down on the table. “That tears it,” he said.
Mason got up and looked around the restaurant. “Marge,” he said to the server. “We’re moving to that booth over there.” He turned to his group. “You all, lets move over here.” 
Mason looked to Jed and the other men in the next booth and tipped his hat. “Gentlemen.”
Mason showed his entourage to the other booth that gave him a clear shot into the kitchen. “Now if you ladies will excuse me for a second.” He walked, without permission, behind the counter into the kitchen to have a friendly chat with the cook. His smile was broad but firm.
Oceanna sat dumbfounded, in her side of the booth that faced the kitchen. She could see the cook clearly, and the entire path her plate would take on its way to her.
Jed, Frank, and their friends moved to a table near their new booth and stared at them.
Mason came back to the booth and took a seat by Derie, his back to the kitchen.
“Maybe we should leave?” Oceanna asked. “I’ve been doing this twenty years, and I can tell—”
“It’s okay, Osh. You’re on my turf. You got to make a stand for your life. There will be no problem. We’re going to have a good meal come hell or high water.” He glanced at the five men sitting at the next table.
“So, what are you going to do in San Francisco?” Derie asked Simi.
A slightly shaken Simi gathered herself. “Well, every year,” she told her table, quietly so the five men wouldn’t hear, “they have this huge parade down Market St. in San Francisco. The Pride Parade? L.G.B.T. All manner of carrying on. I don’t even know it all, because I’ve never seen it, but I’ve seen part of it on YouTube.”
Derie giggled, leaning closer to Simi.
“And at the head of it,” Simi continued, “to get it going, are these, maybe, three to four hundred bikes with mostly women on them, riding in columns of two. They gun the engines, rev them up, and the crowd of a million people goes wild.”
“Sounds fun,” Mason said, then turning his head quickly to Jed’s table. “Doesn’t it, Frank?”
“Yes,” Frank said.
Jed sat up straighter in his chair. “Faggots and fairies,” he said. “Faggots can be fairies, and fairies can be faggots.”
“Hard to tell ‘em apart,” Frank agreed.
“’Cause there ain’t no difference,” Jed said.
The other men remained silent the whole time, but their expressions were clear.
Derie’s mouth fell open.
“We’re raising children in this town,” Derie told all five of the men, angrily, “and I will not have it go that way here.”
“I’m going with her,” Oceanna said, jerking her thumb at Simi. “I haven’t done San Francisco, yet. It’s a right of passage.”
“Do they let men come?” Mason asked.
“Only with other men,” Jed said, laughing with his friends.
Mason turned to face all five men.
“You want to come, too?” Simi asked Mason.
“Would I be welcome?” Mason asked loudly so everyone could hear.
Simi smiled broadly at him.
“Yes,” Oceanna answered. “But muggles don’t usually associate much with people like us. And your friends would know.”
“Muggles,” Mason laughed, glancing at Jed and his cronies.
Derie’s smile, after her husband’s look to the other table, was both friendly and threatening.
“From the ‘Harry Potter’ books—” Oceanna said.
“Yeah, I get it,” Mason said. “No problem. Can I get away for a few days, Derie? What about the 4th of July festival next Friday? The band—I don’t know how we got Journey for this little venue—now that’s a big deal—”
“Journey is coming here?” Oceanna asked.
“Next Friday,” Derie said. 
“How did I miss that?” Oceanna asked.
“I don’t know,” Derie said.
“Different set of friends,” Mason said.
“No friends,” Oceanna said.
“You do, now,” Simi told her.
“Talk about alone in a crowd,” Oceanna glanced at Simi.
“It’s coming together fine. And the committee is still here finishing it. I think you should go,” Derie said to Mason, loudly enough for others to hear. “Take that bike out for a spin and see what she’ll do. And when you get back,” she said loudly, “please tell us all about it.”
Jed stood up and faced Mason. “You go with them, and you’re a faggot, too.”
Mason stood up and looked down at Jed. Mason was taller by a good four inches.
Two of the men at the table began to get up, but Mason’s stare forced them back down.
“I don’t have to give up myself to stand with friends,” Mason said.




CHAPTER

6


At dawn, Simi on her 2009 Heritage, Oceanna on her 2011 Ultra, and Mason on his 2014 Ultra, rode south on I-40 out of Kingman on their way to San Francisco. An orange glow to their left, out of the east, formed into a distorted orb of the sun at the horizon, hot butter melting in reverse motion. 
The whole countryside glowed like Simi.
All three of them wore full helmets, for safety, and Oceanna and Mason had ear phones piped into theirs from the Ultras’ sound system.
“I swear I can see her smiling through her helmet,” Oceanna said to Mason into her helmet mike. 
“We could ask her, if she had a C.B. on that thing,” Mason said back to her on his. “How well are you reading me?”
Neither the roar of Oceanna’s bike nor the wind noise under her helmet were as strong as the speakers in her helmet at her ears. “Fine. Good tip, thanks! I can hear better with the ear plugs in.” Mason had shared with her that if she would put in some polyurethane earplugs to mask the higher frequencies of things like the wind noise under her helmet, and turn up the volume on the radio or C.B., then she would actually hear things better enroute.
Simi rode ahead of them as if eager to get everywhere. Oceanna rode behind her in staggered formation, and Mason took up the rear.
“You know the position you’re in is called ‘drag,’ don’t you?” Oceanna asked Mason.
“Yeah, I do. But don’t tell people, okay?” Mason joked. “I’m in the closet about it.” 
Oceanna laughed at him over the air. “No, I know: It’s so you can keep an eye out for us.”
“Yeah. Drag is actually a leadership position. I usually ride there with my local HOG Chapter,” referring to the local Harley Owners Group. “I could see if any of you had a problem, from here.”
“What we need is a leash to put on Simi, maybe a tether. She’s got us doing about eighty.”
“Probably alright to do, until we get to Barstow, anyway,” Mason said.
Oceanna could not stop herself looking at the view. “God, it is beautiful out here.”
“Life can be beautiful everywhere,” Mason said, “if you make it so.”


At Needles, just west of the state line into California, they stopped to get gas at the Chevron, for the long haul to Barstow. 


The broad, open, empty, naked desert drew Oceanna like it never had before. Simi continued to lead the way a good fifteen lengths ahead of Oceanna, and every time she checked her mirrors, Mason was still taking up the rear. She thought to ask Mason why he wanted to come, but rethought it. She didn’t want to jinx it.


Barstow, at a gas station by the freeway, the three of them had fueled and were standing by their bikes, snacking on packaged sandwiches they got from the refrigerator inside.
“God knows why you can’t get sandwiches like this in the movie theatres,” Oceanna said. “All they sell there is sugar, salt, and saturated fat.”
Mason laughed. “Don’t I know it.”
Simi reached up and hugged both Oceanna and Mason, again, which brought smiles.
“What brought that on?” Oceanna asked.
Simi’s eyes watered. She didn’t say a word but shook her head no, went back to her sandwich.
Oceanna looked at Mason, who slightly nodded his head.


Simi lead the way as always, west on I-15 about a mile, then right on Highway 58.
“Oh my God, we’re going to die,” Oceanna said into her mike. She looked at the single-lane they were on out in the middle of nowhere.
“Better not!” Mason said back to her. “I don’t even have this new bike broken in yet.”
“I don’t even think there are rattle snakes out here,” she said.
“Sure there are. They eat the scorpions.”
“Scorpions!”
“Usually the scorpions win, though,” Mason teased. “Even if the snake kills them before eating them? If the stinger goes in backward, the snake will die. If they sting your tire, you’ll get a flat, and this ain’t the place for that, so watch out for ‘em.”
Oceanna jerked her head around to stare at Mason, who clearly laughed, bowing his helmet/head, and slapping himself on the face plate, waving at her a little.


Bakersfield: gas, bathroom, lunch again by the bikes. 
Oceanna lay on the ground near her bike. “You two are young and fit. But I’m a little past my prime. You’re killing me.”
“Nonsense! You’re getting fit.” Mason said. “You’ll be fine. You’ve got a backrest on that thing. I know, ‘cause I put it there. And I don’t even have one on mine, yet. No mods at all—‘cause I just got it.”
“Serves you right.”
A man walked from the pump toward the store, scowling at Oceanna on the ground by her bike.
“Tolerant place, this Bakersfield,” Mason said.
Oceanna got up and dusted herself off. “Yeah. Time to go, chickadees.” 


After Bakersfield, the ride north up I-5 was green with crops, farms and small towns.
“This is California’s Bible Belt,” Oceanna told Mason. “H.G. Wells zipped through here on his time machine one time? Got lost? And slipped part of this place about fifty years into the past.”
“Seems real nice, to me,” Mason said. “As far as it goes in a lot of ways. But I can see how it could be a problem.”


Up by the Bay, the 5 split off into the 580, and farm fields became solid city. In Oakland, the 580 became the 80, which took them over the bay into San Francisco. 
Simi had been picking up speed as they approached, when she needed to be slowing down.
With some effort, Oceanna got in front of her and waved her hand sharply up and down, the sign for “slow down.”
Simi did, Oceanna fell back behind her.
Then Mason came around the front of both of them, patting his head with one hand, meaning “follow me.” He had in-panel G.P.S. on his 2014, to show them the way to the hotel.




CHAPTER

7


The parking lot attendant at the Marriott showed their bikes to parking, an informal area in their porte-cochére, across the driveway from the door to the hotel.
There were already two other bikes there, for the Pride parade, apparently. The temperature was very pleasant, very little breeze.
Oceanna groaned as she got off her bike. “Oh my God. Somebody please help bend my legs.” She stiffened her left leg and stood on it, slowly pulled her right leg off the seat to join her left on the concrete. “You have got to be kidding me.” She rubbed her butt and legs.
Mason and Simi both hopped off their bikes without much difficulty.
“You’re both young, you know. You put another forty years on your ass, and see if you respond as well.”
Simi untied her bag from her back seat and fastened the covers on her leather saddlebags. Oceanna and Mason got their luggage out of their fiberglass saddlebags, and they all went inside.


“Nice room,” Mason said. “Thank you.”
“Thank you for letting me pay,” Oceanna said to them both. “I wanted some place nice, and for what it’s worth, I may do some more of this before we’re done.”
The room was a suite, with a bed in one room, large bathroom, and a separate living room, plush with every kind of furnishing. The room overlooked Market St., the site of the Parade on Sunday.
“I’ll take the couch,” Mason said. He plopped his one bag on it and walked toward the bathroom.
Oceanna thought about it for just one second before agreeing: “Okay. Simi and I on the bed in there, I guess. Bathroom—catch as catch can.”
Simi was looking out the window at the parade route. She drew a see-through curtain to the side for a better view. “It’s amazing,” she said, with a smile to Oceanna. “We’re here.”


Four o’clock in the afternoon, the sun at mid-afternoon, the three of them stood together on Baker Beach, south of the Presidio’s western edge, and looked at the Pacific Ocean.
Simi walked out ahead of them to stand ankle deep in the swells that washed up on shore. She reached down to touch the water, and tears began to flow yet again.
Oceanna watched from fifteen feet behind and teared along with her.
“Am I missing something, Osh?” Mason asked her.
Oceanna nodded, wiping her eyes. “Yeah. I guess so. But it’s not my place to say. There’s been a lot that’s happened with her for quite a while.”
“Anything I could help with?”
“You already are, Mason. You’ve got to know that.” Oceanna gave him a little hug. “You are a miracle, and you don’t even know it.”
They watched Simi feel the water and then stand in the surf for the longest time.


The three of them rode their Harleys north across the Golden Gate Bridge, two hundred twenty feet above the water with a stunning view of the Bay, Alcatraz, Marin County, and San Francisco. 


Vista Point was a popular viewing site just north of the Bridge.  The three of them stood together, side by side, on top of the stone wall and looked at the area. They could see—everything: Coit Tower in San Francisco, Pier 39, Oakland Bay Bridge, boats making their way around the Bay— 
“It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” Simi said. She shed more tears.
Simi reached out to hold Oceanna’s hand on her left and Mason’s on her right.
Simi’s tears continued as she stared.
“Simi,” Mason asked. “You seem so happy, but also so sad. What’s the matter?”
Simi lowered her head, let go their hands and walked away to the north.
“Osh, what is it?” Mason asked.
Oceanna thought about it, and while she respected Simi’s privacy, she also felt Mason deserved her trust.
“I don’t know, exactly, Mason. I never knew her before. Just on the internet.”
“Okay.”
“But—  Well, you know she’s—?”
Mason considered his words. “She’s a little like you?”
Oceanna nodded. “Yeah, but she’s transsexual. You could tell?”
“Yeah. I could tell something. Not sure what. Not my business to ask.”
“But there’s more to her than that.”  Oceanna told Mason about her job in the Army, her torture, how she was starved and resigned herself to death, but then how she ran through transition after she got out.
“I think she lied and forged everything to rush it through. She was busting. It was her captivity, but also, her life is different from mine,” Oceanna said, moving back to sit on her bike as she talked to him. 
Mason did the same.
Simi stood by the wall on the eastern edge of Vista Point and looked to Marin County, to the north.
“She had a deep need from early childhood to be a girl, but she ate that and tried to tough it out as a man. A lot of them do. But in Afghanistan, she went through all that hell, and it snapped in her. Why she’s still alive today, I don’t know. It’s a miracle. How anybody could endure all that—” Oceanna said. “She suffered, so much. You don’t know. You have no idea. I have no idea.”
“You didn’t suffer?”
“Yeah, but not like that. No prisoner of war on top of her other huge weight. With me, I just grew into it. Like, I was forty before I ever even felt the need. And it was the mid ‘90s, and I worked in Hollywood on film sets, so I just did it. A friend, Regina, helped me. Nobody cared—  Well, my mom cared, and a few others, but not most people. Some people liked it. But Simi—  Totally horrific life, until now. Imagine being a little kid trying to deal with a need for this—not just socially, but feeling wrong with your own body at the same time. I swear—  I’m not a brain scientist, but it seems there’s something organic, there, something in the brain that didn’t differentiate with her body to the male, when she was a fetus, something in the brain that was always really female, that hurt because it was out of sync with the rest of her body.
“She’s crying now out of joy, not misery, a regular water works. And she’ll probably cry gallons before she gets done. You know her transition was only this last few months?”
Mason looked surprised. “Really?”
Oceanna nodded. 
“Six months ago she was in the Army, recovering in the hospital. Two months ago, she had G.R.S., her surgery down here. Genital reconstructive surgery.” She indicated her groin.
Mason’s eyes widened. “It’s hard to believe she was ever male. 
“And she can’t be over the torture, yet. Or her life before. She was starving to death, before, inside. Then she was starved near to death in body. And now she’s at a banquet with the riches of the world spread out before her. If she doesn’t eat ‘till she explodes, I’ll be surprised. Need to slow her down some.
“More than that, now, she’s at a banquet that will be there even if she’s ever hungry again. She switched, and even if she tried hard, there wouldn’t be much going back. She’s female, now, and once changed, some things could never change back, even if she tried. Which I can tell, she won’t.”
“Do some?”
“Not usually. It’s not like deciding to live in Washington, or something. You don’t just change your mind. It’s a person learning who they are, inside. Who they need to be, and standing up to family, ‘priends,’ even her own self to be who they are. It’s not easy for anybody. Not anybody. You have to know that.
“And people who think we’re crazy?” Oceanna said. “Mentally ill? I can’t believe they actually have a diagnosis for us in the psychiatrist’s bible, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the D.S.M.  The same one, too, for both of us, even though we’re really different. The A.P.A. are Neanderthals! It’s an ‘Axis One diagnosis,’ I think it is, if we’re ‘dysphoric’ about a gender issue. It’s the dark ages for us, still. Gays got out of there, but there’s a lot of money to be made off us. Transitions are expensive. They use the diagnosis for billings, and we get labeled as mentally ill. It all comes down to money. It’s a scam.”
“You’re—  You’re not making this up,” Mason said.
“I wish I were. So you have to go to a doctor claiming you’re happy, to avoid the mentally ill stigma. It’s insane, and it’s them, not us. And people in general just go ahead and make life harder for us with other things in life without the slightest concern for their cruelty, never criticizing themselves for their actions, hurting people who already have too much on their plate, glad when we stop coming around.”
Mason looked at Simi in the distance, then at his feet, shaking his head.
“It’s like the Compton’s Cafeteria Riot back at Turk and Taylor, in Frisco—right over there—” Oceanna pointed, “not four blocks from our hotel. Back in ’66 or so. I don’t have the details, but I think it was illegal, back then, for males to wear women’s clothes? Ought to be a crime against that, right? God forbid! And the cafeteria became popular with people who did it anyway. Crossdressers—transvestites, they called it at the time—and transgenderists, as we called ourselves back then.”
“But you say you’re ‘transgender’ now?” Mason asked.
“Yeah, for some reason they dropped the ‘ist,’ but why I never understood. It only means ‘the person who.’ And we are the people who change gender, so go figure. Maybe it was politics with Charles Virginia Prince, Ph.D., who had popularized the term ‘transgenderist,’ because living as a woman with a penis isn’t as acceptable with the public—as far as that goes. So now they want to use the term ‘transgender’ for everyone, rolling transsexuals in as well, for more strength in numbers, but there are a lot of transsexuals who don’t like that—”
“Why?” Mason asked.
“Because they say they need to change biological sex, and that we want to move to a place on a continuum where we feel more comfortable, with traits of both. Like me.” Oceanna indicated her chest and her groin. “Breasts, but also penis.”
“Why don’t you want to be female down there, too?”
“What?! Why should I have to? I can be a woman in society with it. And I feel the need for it in bed. How would you like to have yours removed?”
“Sorry.”
“But I assume her sexuality is female,” Oceanna said, referring to Simi, “so she needed female-type genitalia to express that.”
Oceanna took a minute to absorb what she’d said. “So when we transgenders talk, we usually use the term ‘transgender’ and toss in a ‘transsexual’ term now and then to sort-of imply their identity as well, which some of them get mad about also because they say it makes it look to others like they are a subset of us, and they’re not.”
Oceanna turned to face Mason more. “Oh, did I catch hell from one transsexual, once. ‘The Big Bang Theory’—great T.V. show otherwise—had a gorgeous character on an episode who referred to herself as a ‘post-op transgender.’ I saw it and thought ‘Oh hell.’ And the transsexual blasted me for it, as if it was my fault, saying the T.V. show gave into the transgender paradigm, and transsexuals by effort are in the closet most of the time, so they can’t stand up for themselves without blowing their female lifestyle. She said the show and we—transgenders—oppress transsexuals by wrapping them into transgenderism. ‘All Asians are not Chinese,’ she said. 
“If I called Simi ‘transgender,’ I don’t think she’d be here. I really think she’d leave in a heartbeat. Maybe after a fight.”
“She wouldn’t be your friend over that?”
Oceanna shook her head. “It’s hard to be someone’s friend, when they hurt you. And being the other sex is everything to them, to people like Simi, who were born with it.”
“So these different folks don’t all get along?” Mason asked.
“No. They don’t. Not usually. Transpersons—a better umbrella term, because all Asians are Asian—boy did I learn that—want to be with society as a whole, but society doesn’t usually want to be with them. Usually transgenders want to be with transsexuals, but not the other way around. C.D.s want to be with trans anything, but not the other way around, so much. Usually trans-most-anythings except closeted transsexuals want to be with gays, but not much the other way around. Drag Queen shows notwithstanding.”
“Drag Queens—”
“That’s an act on stage, a put-on: usually a sassy bitch in drag who entertains for fun and profit, makes people smile, sings, tells jokes, teases the audience.” Oceanna continued. “And male-to-females want to be with female-to-males, but much less so the other way around—
“Mason, we have got to get over that crap and learn to be ourselves while we accept other people who are being themselves, too—  And then there’s the problem of ‘stealth’ transsexuals who die to live in the closet, so they run away from other transpersons for fear they’ll be ‘read by association.’ Which, worse than that, other transpersons actually do like to out transsexuals against their will to associate themselves with them and maybe better their own social lot, as if it would help anyway—”
“What a tangled mess,” Mason said.
“Yeah! And then we complain that muggles don’t accept us? Hell, we don’t accept each other! It’s pitiful!”
Oceanna broke into a spur-of-the-moment tune:  “We should know better, we should know better.
“But anyway,” Oceanna said, “That’s the way it is. To get back to topic a little bit? So, here, back in the ‘60s, transpeople weren’t welcome at gay bars, like most everywhere, so they happened to go there to the cafeteria.”
Oceanna pointed across the bay, and Mason looked, as if he could see the actual cafeteria. 
“There was tension, and the place called the police. And there was abuse, police brutality—a riot, you know? It was kind of small, as riots can go, but it was major in the trans community, because they stood up to brutality and said they wouldn’t take it any more. I also think that kind of thing helped make San Francisco what it is, today.”
Mason looked to Simi on the eastern wall.
Oceanna teared.
Mason nodded his head yes.
“Nuala was one of the best people you could know,” Oceanna said. “She only wanted love and to make people happy.” Oceanna teared.
Simi came back to stand by Oceanna and slipped her arm around Oceanna’s shoulders.
Mason looked sorrowfully at them.
“What brought all that on?” Simi asked.
“I told Mason about the Compton’s Cafeteria Riot back in the ‘60s.”
“What is that?” Simi asked.
“You don’t know? You’re not here for that?” Oceanna asked.
“What?”
“The Trans March. It’s in an hour. It’s associated with Pride weekend, here. Oldest trans march in the country. Transpeople of all sorts—”
“Lets go,” said Mason, standing confidently.
“Can we get to it in time?” Simi asked.
“Yes,” Oceanna said. “We take the bikes back to the hotel and catch a cab to Dolores Park. They’ll walk from there to Turk and Taylor, by our Hotel, where the riot was.”


Dolores Park was a popular spot for lesbian festivities during Pride weekend, and on Friday night before the parade was the Trans March.
The city had provided a route on city streets for them—partly on sidewalks, partly on streets, up Dolores then northeast on Market to Turk and Taylor, for what would be about a three mile walk of freedom. 
The police were very helpful; San Francisco was a dream.
Oceanna looked around as they walked northeast up Market St. Beside her to the right, Simi looked at other marchers quizzically, glancing back and forth to people on sidewalks or leaning out windows. Mason walked on Oceanna’s left, doing the same thing, Simi’s eyes fell on a crossdresser walking farther to their left.
The lady looked back at Simi, then away.
Simi diverted her eyes, yet returned a critical gaze to the lady after only two seconds.
Oceanna chuckled her friends on both sides of her. “You’re both such noobs.”
Simi looked at Oceanna without comment, then back to people around her.
“Noob like what?” Mason asked.
“I think she means you’re new to this, sweetie. Haven’t been here before?” the lady on Mason’s left asked.
“Mason Winchester,” Mason said to her, extending his hand. 
“Hila Mohammad,” the lady said in a thick accent, shaking his hand.
“Hi, too,” Oceanna said to her.
They waved at each other.
“You can call me ‘Hila,’” she said with a smile, moving a little closer to Mason for the walk. “So you’re new here?” she asked in her accent of both Mason and Simi. “Both of you?”
Simi was about to break her neck staring at Hila.
“She’s never been in a parade before,” Oceanna answered Hila. “She’s been in the Army. Just got out.”
“I could tell,” Hila said. “Where—  Love to have you but curious—  No, never mind. None of my business.”
“You Arabic?” Mason asked Hila.
“I’m not an Arab. Pashtun,” Hila said. “From Afghanistan.”
Oceanna looked sharply at Simi who was looking concerned at Hila.
Simi turned her face to look at people in office building windows. 
Hila took out her iPhone and took a few seconds video of herself in the March. 
“You mind?” Hila asked.
“What?” Oceanna asked.
Hila snapped a still photo of their group. “It’s for people back home. I am bisexual crossdresser—lots of fun, I am! Sharp as a whip! American idiom. Though I can’t tell Jason Segel from Seth Rogan.” Hila laughed to herself. “But they hate us there, so I want to show them.”
“You look sharp to me,” Oceanna said with a smile.
“You’re not on hormones?” Mason asked Hila.
“Not for me,” Hila said, absentmindedly while she pressed more icons on her phone.  Hila commented in Mason’s country slang: “Winky don’t like that.”
“What?” Mason asked.
“I wouldn’t get erections as well on female hormones.” Hila leaned into Mason to speak quietly into his ear. “Fantasy role as a woman is a gas, honey, but I’m man in here. And I am good in bed.”
Hila struck a flashy pose for Mason and called to groups of people on the sidewalk. “Happy Trans Pride!” 

* * *

A man and a woman sat in a rare, plush home in Afghanistan, watching morning news on a large, flat-screen T.V.
The man was hysterical. “It’s happening again, Wajia! Make it stop!”
“Asfand! I put it for you on the T.V.! Look: It’s our son! He thinks he’s woman again! See? I’ll play it again—”
“Aaaaaaaaah! No! America do this to him! Sick country! Make it stop! I knew you should not have let him watch the bird cage movie!”
“I loved Nathan Lane!” Wajia said.

* * *

“Afghanistan? My ancestors are from Germany, or Europe, anyway,” Oceanna said to Hila. “They all slept around so much I’m sure it doesn’t matter much to say.”
“England, here,” Mason said. “Or Ireland or Scotland. Hard to tell for mine, too.”
Simi said nothing.
“How long you been in the U.S.?” Oceanna asked Hila.
“Well, I went to college, here. Cornell. English and Marketing, or something close to it,” Hila said, looking uncomfortably at Simi. Turning to Oceanna, Hila asked more quietly, “Is everything alright? Should I leave?”
Simi stopped walking and looked at Hila.
The other three stopped with her. People in the march began to pass them.
No one talked.
Hila held out her hand to Simi who recoiled and started walking again with the march.
“Wait, Simi!” Oceanna followed her.
Hila looked at Mason.
“She doesn’t like C.D.s?” Hila asked, a painful look on her face. “A lot don’t.”
“Um,” Mason took her arm and led her back into the march, several paces behind Simi and Oceanna.
“What did I do? I do something? She thinks I’m an Arab?”
Mason didn’t so much shake his head as turn it, “no.” “It’s not that, Hila. Don’t worry about it on your end. You didn’t do anything.”
“So she just has issues?” Hila asked. 
“Not like you think.”
“I’m insecure about Americans hate me. But I am not in that war that way!”
“You were in the war in Afghanistan though?” Mason asked.
“I was a captain in the U.S. Air Force, an interpreter.”
“As an immigrant?” Mason asked. “I mean about the Air Force.”
“I got my citizenship before I entered. I don’t have to explain myself to you—”
“No, no. Sorry. You don’t. It’s not that,” Mason said. “And, you know, it’s not her, either. I know her, and she doesn’t mean to hurt your feelings. It’s something else.”
“What else could it be?” Hila asked.
Mason said nothing, continued the march behind Oceanna and Simi.
Hila looked around, seemed uncomfortable. She started to leave, but Mason grabbed her by the arm and took Oceanna in the other, stopping them in their tracks.
“Guys,” Mason said.
Simi seemed to take offense, but stopped with them, staring at the pavement of Market St. beneath them. A trolley track ran beneath the group, between their feet.
“Sorry. Generic term for ‘people,’” Mason said.
Simi relaxed a little, yet still, without saying anything, turned to walk with the March.
Oceanna and Mason started walking with her, and Hila came along, too—largely because Mason wouldn’t let go of her hand.
They waved at people they passed on sidewalks.
“Happy Trans Pride,” Oceanna called out to some. “Happy Trans Pride,” she said to a shopkeeper in a corner store.
“Information is so spread around these days,” Oceanna said. “I’m surprised some internet search parasite hadn’t scanned everyone’s cell phone to tell businesses nearby all about us as we walk by. They could hang cokes out the windows for us to buy, or burritos or panties or something. Nothing private, though, right?”
Hila faked a cough and laughed a bit. “Actually, yes. I know what you mean.”
“You look guilty,” Mason said to her.
“Well,” Hila cringed. “Sometimes I meet some folks who may be guilty. Not me, but I’m in a related business.”
Some people on the sidewalk waved at Simi, and she waved back to them.
“Happy Trans Pride,” Oceanna said to them. “Don’t trip over a trolley track, there, Simi,” Oceanna said with a smile.  There were trolley rails all up and down Market—which was also the parade route on Sunday.
Simi stepped to the side a little to avoid one. 
“What do you do?” Mason asked Hila.
“I’m in marketing for the Giants, over at AT&T Park. A baseball team.” She pointed through the buildings to the east as if you could see it from there, took a little more video. “But I am not like some of the things you are beginning to hear about in business.”
“You mean like the proliferation of ‘cloud’ services?” Oceanna said. “Companies foot the bill ‘themselves,’ they say, for expensive cloud services in exchange for some convenience to a customer, getting all the customer’s personal and business information—and forgetting to tell people that if the cloud company can grow their information database on people, they can increase the size of their data-base sales contracts to other businesses and government. It’s a big business.”
“Yes, exactly that,” Hila said. “Take my photo?”
She handed her phone to Mason who stopped walking for a second to take a photo. Other transpersons crowded into the photo and screamed.
“Switch to video!” Hila yelled.
Mason did and took about five seconds worth of video.
Everyone in the shot screamed and laughed.
“Thank you!” Hila took her phone back and pressed a few more icons on it.

* * *

“Wajiaaaaaaa! It’s happening again!”

* * *

Simi walked along with them, turning her head to look at people and San Francisco.
“I think that’s right,” Hila said. “But medical privacy and its cloud is bigger problem today. People, other companies, knowing that you like to take pictures of your dog or of things you choose to share in email or on social media, is one thing—”
“I think anything that passes through cloud-based smart phones can wind up in the cloud and get data mined and profiled,” Oceanna said.
Hila acknowledged that with a nod. “But the medical community? It’s doctors who talk about you, who don’t even tell you all the time when they give you a new diagnosis, and who even make some up without telling you for bogus third party billing, that’s the problem. You tell them life is hard for trans, and they hit you for depression or suicide in their notes—justifies something else they’re doing? Then other doctors read that, later, and it hits the fan. You have doctors thinking you’re nuts when you’re not, and you don’t even know about it. Ask for your medical records, and you only get part of it. The rest is ‘accidentally’ left out or summarized. Doctors—you know—have as many issues as anybody else, and even illegal things happen all the time. I think it’s a bigger problem than most people think, but it’s kept quiet.”
“People should be able to log onto their own medical records at any time,” Oceanna said, “same as doctors, and people should be able to find out in that log, a record of everyone who views it.”
“Because it could be somebody who is not your doctor, but just wants to learn about you. Maybe a stalker. I guess I’m a little sensitive to that. I’m not only trans, I’m also Afghan, and there was a war. The system is so not set up right.”
Hila pressed more icons on her phone while she walked.

* * *

Another family in Afghanistan was watching T.V. 
“Who is that?” a man asked.
“That’s Asfand and Wajia’s little girl!” the woman said. “See? There’s Asfand’s picture beside her, stuck in the same picture!”
“He is in woman’s clothes!”

* * *

The four walked together, more as a group than they had been.
Mason looked at the other marchers around him, people they’d pass on the sidewalk or waiting on perpendicular streets in cars. “You never know where life will take you.” He chuckled at himself.
“What is it?” Simi asked him, leaning in front of Oceanna so she could see him.
Mason looked at her then Oceanna. “Last week, I was just an ol’ country hick in Kingman, and this week, I’m in a Trans March with new friends in San Francisco.”
“That’s my boy,” Oceanna said, giving him a gentle clap on the back.
“He’s a new friend? You just met?” Hila seemed shocked. “Most people don’t want to hang with us.”
“Yep. Like, hardly know him,” Oceanna said.
“So why you here, Mason?” Hila asked.
“Well,” Mason looked lost in thought. “She,” he indicated Oceanna, “bought my old bike—former bike,” he said, teasing Oceanna, “And then Simi showed up on hers. And I was lookin’ for a good ride on my new hog—”
“Look at you!” Hila clapped him on the back also. “What kind?”
“What?” Mason asked
“What kind of bike?” Hila asked.
Mason dug out his cell phone to show her a picture.
“Nice,” Hila said. “What kind of fuel economy you get?”
“I think about 40-42, depending on my speed.”
“You going to stay for the parade on Sunday?” Hila asked.
“We’re going to be in it,” Oceanna said. Plan to be part of the bike contingent at the head of it.”
The march made a left forty-five turn onto Taylor and walked one short block to Turk.
The four of them stood among the marchers, presenters, and television crews and looked at the site of the ‘60s riot.
Simi said nothing, stood still, and stared at the old cafeteria building.
Mason looked at the people around them.
Oceanna looked alternately at the street and the people, reached out and put her arm around Simi.
“I’m too young,” Hila said. “All of us here were, but you, Oceanna? Did you know about the riot at the time?”
Oceanna shook her head. “It’s just ‘Osh.’ And no. I didn’t know of it. And that only makes it worse. This kind of crap was going on all over, and people didn’t know about it. Authorities, police, or jerks in society would call us names or hurt us, or even kill us, and people didn’t know or care.”


After the March, the four of them went in Hila’s car to El Rio, a club on Mission south of Cesar Chavez frequented by lesbians and transpersons. It was crowded that evening, after the trans march.
Hila walked in: unremarkable.
Oceanna walked in: unremarkable.
Simi walked in: drew attention to herself only because her noobie head was on a swivel. 
Oceanna laughed at her.
Mason walked in, and everyone noticed immediately. “Ma’am,” he said to the bartender, tipping his cowboy hat to her. “This is a women’s bar?”
Ladies around him stared.
“Mason!” Oceanna took him by the arm and led him to the back, toward the patio.
“Excuse him. He’s new,” Hila said to some ladies, taking him by the other arm. “We bring him along in case we need a mechanic.”
“Ladies,” Mason said to them with a broad smile as he was hauled aft.
Out back on the patio, music played and people danced. Other people sat around and talked. Someone charbroiled dinner.
“Smells nice,” Mason said, looking at the grill.
A lady sat across the patio looking at them.
Simi glanced at the gal, then to her friends, then back…
Mason sat in a chair with his cowboy boots parked up on a railing, had his hat tipped back a little, smiling at everyone.
 “Oh, my God, you look like Woody Harrelson,” someone said from their right.
“Well, I’m woody sometimes, anyways, Ma’am,” Mason said with a cheeky grin.
“No you’re not!” she said. Turning to a friend, she asserted, “No, he’s not!”
“No, he’s not,” her friend agreed.
“But I’m friendly, just the same,” Mason said, tipping his hat to her also.
The ladies walked away, giggling.
Hila came back to them with refreshments, handing them each a glass. “Where’s Osh?”
“Bathroom,” Mason said.
Oceanna came back and sat in a chair next to them. “Nice place.”
“Yeah, it is.” Mason dropped his confident smile and leaned in to Oceanna and Hila with concern on his face. “How am I supposed to act in here?”
They smiled at his discomfort.
“I mean, I know they’re gay, and I don’t care. But I’m a man—who I think they can see is straight—and I don’t think I fit in. Are they going to mind I’m here?”
“No, you’re good,” Hila said. “Just be the wonderful Mason you are. You’re fine.”
“Really,” Oceanna said. “To get freaked out by you would be bigotry or prejudice, and you’re not going to get that here.”
Mason relaxed a little.
“My guess is,” Oceanna said, “that probably everyone of the people in here have known people in their life who treated them badly for being gay or trans or just different. It’s clear you’re one of those straight-arrow, heterosexual mythical beings from the world out there, and—hell—if I were to guess, I’d guess half of these gals would be thankful to God if you just turned out not to be prejudiced against them. You don’t have to do anything in here to be accepted: Don’t reject them, don’t condescend—”
Mason’s face made it clear he would never do that.
“—don’t dump on them, don’t put them down, don’t assume they’re weird.”
“Well,” Mason said, leaning back into his chair. “S’pose I wanted to dance? And I ask a gal to do that?”
“You actually dance?” Hila asked. “Straight men don’t dance.”
“A little two-step,” Mason answered.
Oceanna laughed. “Then you jus’ ask little ol’ me,” Oceanna said. 
Mason’s smile grew broad. He stood up, settled his hat on his head proper, took Oceanna by the hand and led her to the D.J.
“’Scuse me, Ma’am,” he said to the D.J. “You got any Brad Paisley on that thing?”
The D.J. laughed at him. “I might. Which one?”
“How about ‘American Saturday Night’? Even though it’s Friday.”
“Sure do!” She said. She found it and let it play.
Mason led Oceanna into the center of the patio.
Slow notes from a guitar began, then changed into rapid country dance music, a song about America as an immigrant nation, a country with qualities from many cultures.

“…She’s got Brazilian leather boots 
On the pedal of her German car…

“It’s a French kiss, Italian ice
Spanish moss in the moonlight
Just another American Saturday night…”

Mason took over the place and tried to dance with Oceanna on the patio, but Oceanna started laughing and couldn’t keep up. 
“What dance is this?” Oceanna asked.
“Texas Two Step,” Mason said. “It’s easy! You just have a few beers, and it starts to come natural!”
All eyes were on Mason in the middle.
Oceanna retreated a couple steps to give him room.
A circle formed around Mason, as he began to show his talent. He dropped the two step in favor of something self-styled. His feet were quick to the beat, his shoulders rigid. It looked like he was killing cockroaches—
“Looks like John Travolta in Urban Cowboy,” Oceanna said to another older person there, who laughed with her.
“What’s that?” Hila asked.
When the song finished, Mason asked everyone. “’S matter, you all? You don’t know cowboy dancing? Come on, here!”
He pulled three giggling-yet-willing women from the sidelines, and ushered others in along with Hila, Simi, and Oceanna, to form a grid on the patio.
He positioned them in four lines of four each.
“Okay,” he said playfully. “We don’t wanna have ta do this, but we gotta!”
Ladies laughed at him.
“This is the Cowboy Boogie, here, and it’s a very popular dance. When we get it going, it’ll get you a feelin’ right in here.” He pointed to his heart.
“You all ready to do it?”
“Yeah!” everyone said.
“Okay, good. So,” Mason said, “We stand here, face the cook—always like to do that. We go through our little dance, then we wind up facing that a way.” He pointed to his left. “Which becomes the new wall we face, and repeat it again. You’ll see. Ready?”
Everyone affirmed.
Mason turned to face the cook along with them. “Okay. So to start, we step out to the right, step behind that foot with the left, then to the right again with the right foot, then a left leg ‘hitch.’ Just raise your knee with a little flair—”
Mason taught them the whole dance, which only took about two minutes.
“So lets try it to a little music! D.J.!”
“What you need,” she asked.
“You got ‘Mountain Music’ by Alabama?”
“Shore do!” She added a little country twang.
The music started, and Mason began doing the Cowboy Boogie.
People tried to follow.
Most messed it up and laughed at themselves.
People laughed with them.
Simi was doing pretty well.
“You’re kidding me!” Oceanna said
“You? Me!” Hila said.
“I’m a joke!” another lady said, trying to keep up.
One lady tripped over her own feet and dropped out, but someone took her place and as a group, they started to get it together by the time they reached the chorus. People on the side clapped their hands and made cat-calls at the dancers:

“Oh, play me some mountain music
Like Grandma and Grandpa used to play.
Then I’ll float on down the river
To a Cajun hideaway …”

Mason was crisp in his dance movements, setting a good example, and people followed him closely.
Their movements gelled into a genuine hoedown, with more talented dancers of the group adding some English to their moves.
The group stepped, spun, and stomped their feet in unison.
People laughed at each other.

“…Play some back-home, come-on music
That comes from the heart.
Play something with lots of feelin’
‘Cause that’s where music has to start…”

When the song finished, everyone laughed together and clapped for Mason.
“Thank you!” they called.
“That was fun!”
Hila sat down.
Simi was winded.
“Lets do another?” someone yelled.
“We’ll catch you on the flip-flop, okay?” Mason called to them, in C.B. language for “next time.”
Oceanna leaned on the rail to catch her breath.
Mason took Oceanna by the hand and led her back to her seat. 
He noticed the lady across the patio who was staring at Simi. 
Simi was trying to avoid the lady’s eyes.
“You know her over there?” Mason asked Hila.
“Not really,” Hila answered. “But I’ve seen her in here before.” 




CHAPTER

8


The night was exquisite. There were no clouds. The temperature was a little on the cool side, but not quite enough for a jacket. 
Hila’s house was in The Castro, a district in central San Francisco referred to as a “gay” neighborhood, though as far as anyone could tell, the neighborhood had never actually slept with anyone. The four of them enjoyed the evening on Hila’s third floor deck under a dim blanket of stars. Soft, yellow, tungsten light spilled out of the house onto the deck.
Hila walked out of the French doors onto the deck with a tray of hors d’oeuvres: wine, cheeses, and crackers. “That was a fun evening,” she said to everyone. She sat the snacks on a table and took a seat on a deck lounge chair near them.
Mason was talking on the phone to his wife, but he broke out of that for a second to answer Hila. “Yes, it was.” He turned back to his phone call. “Oh, We went dancing at a women’s bar earlier.” Pause. “Yep. Spent time with about forty women, all at once.” Pause then a laugh. “Some good dancers there.” Pause. “I love you, too. Bye.”
Mason put the phone back in his pocket.
Oceanna showed Simi, “This is how you adjust the focus to suit yourself.”
“Thank you. It’s a nice telescope,” Simi said to Hila with a smile.
“What kind is it?” Mason asked.
 “Celestron,” Hila said.
“I mean, what do they call this kind? I don’t know much about them.”
“Wonderful hostess! Thank you!” Oceanna gave Hila a kiss on the cheek and went to the tray, helped herself to a red wine and some cheese, took a seat on a deck chair to relax in the evening.
“It’s an eight inch Schmidt-Cassegrain. They call it ‘catadioptric,’ which is Latin for ‘expensive.’”
“Well, there you go,” Mason said, taking a seat near Hila and Oceanna.
Hila smiled at him. “There are mirrors in there and lenses. And Merlin, I think. That’s all. Can’t look at much around here, though, because we’re under the city’s light sphere.”
“Mars makes a nice image on the T.V. over there,” Simi said about a monitor hooked up to the scope, still looking through the scope.
Hila nodded. “And thank you all for coming over. It doesn’t take much to keep people away. People act like my friend, out in the world, but they don’t seem to like to come over. I’m a crossdresser and also Pashtun, so that seems to do it pretty well.”
“Even in San Francisco?” Oceanna asked.
“Even here, somewhat,” Hila said. “People are friendly, but I seem to be left out of a lot.”
Mason helped himself to some refreshments and returned to his chair.
“I’m sorry about that, but it is lovely here. You know much about scopes?” Oceanna asked.
“I know how to buy them,” Hila said.
“Mars is amazing,” Simi said. She turned away from the scope and stood at a distance from Hila. 
“We’re probably going to go there one day soon, you know? A trip to Mars.” Oceanna said. “And it could serve as a way to get the government to pay for innovations that could spur commercial technology, like it did for us in the space program of the ‘60’s, going to the moon.”
“Yes, I think so,” Mason said.
“I think it was also to show the world how well our missile technology worked,” Oceanna asked.
“Probably,” Hila agreed. “It was the cold war. And war is so ugly. It invades everything.”  Hila sipped her wine, but she looked more at her feet than the others.
“Mason, you ought to look through that thing. Mars the best view. You can almost see Cydonia, the Face.” 
“Yep. T.V. is good, but like to see the real thing.” Mason got up to do so.
Simi moved over and stared at Hila for a second, then slowly, with caution, sat on Hila’s lap and leaned on her chest. 
Hila looked surprised to the others, but let Simi sit on her lap. “Um—”
Oceanna’s mouth widened.
Mason ignored the telescope and watched Simi.
Simi looked stiff but raised her hand, rested it on Hila’s shoulder.
Hila looked questioningly at Oceanna and began to slowly stroke Simi’s hair.
“She’s new,” Oceanna told her. “She’s had a lot on her plate. The Army was hard on her, and then this.” Oceanna indicated Simi’s transition.
“It’s okay, honey,” Hila said to Simi as she stroked her hair. “It’s okay.”
For a long while, everyone watched Simi and Hila.
 Finally, Mason moved. “I wonder if I can pick up Saturn?”
“Sure. I don’t know how to work all its programming,” Hila said. “Just use that little controller, there. Sight it through the spotter, and move it over. Once there, it’ll stay.” 
Mason played with her toy.
“I’m sorry they hurt you so much,” Hila said to Simi. “I wouldn’t have let them. And I was in the U.S. military, so I don’t know how to soothe you.”
“It’s okay,” Oceanna said. “You are.”
Simi was stiff, but she began to relax.
“I was Navy,” Oceanna said. “Third Class Petty Officer, back in the day. Aviation Boatswain’s Mate. Ran around on the deck of a carrier launching planes.”
“Like ‘Top Gun,’” Hila said.
“Yeah,” Oceanna said with an engaging smile. “Like at the beginning when they’re launching? I bet at least one of those guys had some silk panties under there.”
Hila laughed.
“You did marketing in the Air Force, too?” Oceanna asked.
“No,” Hila said. “I was just an interpreter.” Hila looked at Simi, who didn’t move. “In Afghanistan.”
“Oh, yeah. That’s right. What rank were you?” Oceanna asked.
“Captain, O-3,” Hila said.
“Oh, you told us that before. Sorry.” Oceanna saluted Hila with a friendly smile. 
“Just talked for a living,” Hila corrected, returning the salute nonetheless.
“Simi—” Oceanna started to talk about Simi again, or at least integrate her into the conversation, but stopped herself.
“Saturn is beautiful, too. Great scope here,” Mason said. “You all oughta give her a look when you can.”  He went over to the table and picked up his Resistol hat, put it smartly on his head. He sat on a chair and helped himself to some cheese and wine.
“I’m sure we will,” Oceanna said.
Hila stroked Simi’s hair some more and spoke to her gently in Pashto. “Khushala shum pa li do di”: I’m pleased to meet you.
Simi bristled on reflex, but didn’t move. In a few seconds, she relaxed again, visibly. “As-salaamu’ alaykum,” she said back to Hila: Hello.
Still lying on Hila’s chest, Simi spoke softly. “I’m sorry, everyone. I don’t mean to scare you, which I obviously am. I know I seem like I’m a little off, these days, but I’m okay.”
Mason nodded in her support.
Hila looked down at Simi and gave her a peck on the forehead.
“What was it like, Simi?” Mason asked. “I don’t mean to intrude, but really, they tortured you.”
Simi nodded a few times. “It was—  It wasn’t them, it was me,” Simi began to talk to them. “They starved me. They beat me, hung me up. But I didn’t care, because it wasn’t them. And it wasn’t the Army.” She continued lying on Hila’s chest as she spoke. 
“It’s that I couldn’t take it any more. I’ve been so off all my life with my needs inside. And this Army recruiter got me in high school to join their helicopter program, and I thought escape, was all. I did it, somehow. I got out of my town, for sure. Didn’t crash in school. Made it through, and they gave me Blackhawks. Then when we got shot down—  You’d have thought I’d have been scared for my life, but I wasn’t.”
Mason watched calmly.
Oceanna teared.
Hila stroked Simi’s hair again.
“I just wanted to die. I didn’t try to kill myself; I just prayed for God to take me. I tried to will my heart to stop, the whole time. I tried to will my mind out of existence. And even when they did start to feed me, I wouldn’t eat it. I’ve never been so low.”
“Because you needed to be a girl and weren’t?” Mason asked. “That was more horrible to you than the torture?”
Simi nodded. “I couldn’t take it any more.” She sat up on Hila’s lap to look at Mason. “You don’t know what it’s like, to not be yourself. I mean, how can you literally be anything but yourself, but you’re not. Something in the brain is different from everything in the body. You look in the mirror, and yeah, that’s wrong. You know the way people regard you, and that’s not yourself. But worse, you can feel yourself, all the time. You can tell that your thinking is influenced by your body. You can feel the testosterone poisoning corroding everything. You can feel your skinny legs, your narrow hips, your skimpy chest—you know you’re supposed to have hips and breasts. You’ve got that disgustingly horrid putrid crap between your legs in the way of what you’re supposed to have there, rotting your life—”
Simi looked to Mason, who hadn’t flinched.
“And you can’t even move your own body, anywhere in life. Your skin. It’s callous, like leather. Hard and coarse where ever it is, caustic to everything you touch, even the way you feel your own body.”
Mason looked at Simi questioningly.
“See?” Simi went over to Mason. “Feel your own hands, one on another.”
Mason touched his left hand with his right and slowly moved his fingers over his skin. 
“And feel here,” Simi said, taking Mason’s left arm and pushing his shirt sleeve up.
Mason felt his own arm, the coarse hair on it, rugged muscles beneath.
“Seems soft to me,” he said to her.
“But now try this,” Simi said to him, extending her hand to him. 
Mason reached out a little. 
Simi took his left hand and held it.
Mason felt her hands with his right hand. His eyes widened. “Yes, it is, soft like a woman’s. Never thought much about it like that.”
“And this,” Simi moved his right hand up to her arm.
Mason squeezed the arm a little as well.
“And there’s more. I want you to feel this, too.”  Simi moved his right hand to her left breast.
Mason jerked his hand back. “Whoa, now!”
Oceanna startled, but remained quiet.
“I’m married, y’all.”
“No. It’s not sex. I’m not into you,” Simi said. “Others are right here with us. It’s me sharing, an examination. It’s your learning. It’s clinical, really. I just wanted you to know what I’m feeling.”
Mason looked at the other two present.
“I wouldn’t pass up the chance,” Oceanna said.
“Who else is going to let you—  Bad idea. Any woman would who is into men,” Hila said. “He’s a hunk,” she said to Oceanna.
“Yes, but this is just me sharing,” Simi said to her. “He’s a friend, and it’s not sex to me. I’m trying to show him something.”
“Really? It’s not sex. It’s okay?” Mason asked.
Oceanna laid down fake rules: “No kissing, no smooching. No huffing and puffing, no pulling or pushing, no nudity—”
“It’s medical,” Simi said to him.
Slowly, Mason reached out his right hand toward Simi’s left breast. “It’s okay?” he asked her.
“Some time today,” Simi said. “I’d like some crackers over there.
Mason smiled and touched Simi’s left breast through her knit top. “Soft. No bra.”
“Squeeze it a little, massage it,” Simi said.
Mason did. Then he cupped the whole thing—it was smaller than his hand.
“It’s real,” he said. “No, I mean, I knew it was, but—”
“But now you know it’s real. And it’s soft.” Simi walked back to her own deck chair and found a slice of cheese on the table nearby. She started to nibble. “But now imagine,” she said, “that going from my harder skin, bulky, muscle toned body, with that glob between my legs to this one that’s so much softer—which I sense with a brain that also feels softer, in a nurturing estrogen soup instead of those caustic androgens, and guess what that same breast feels like inside, to me.
“Before,” Simi continued, “It all hurt so much from within, it was all I could do to face life every day. Shave. Cough for a hernia check. Go to the bathroom. Let someone cut my hair—which is never going to happen again,” she said sternly to her friends. 
“And now!” Simi smiled and took a pose with her hands. She began to laugh.
The others began to laugh with her.
Simi continued, “I mean, go back and tell the Army about this! They’d have a cow! Tell the mean Marines who used to heckle me on post. Tell the Afghan war criminals about this! ‘Hey, guys: There is nothing you can do to this “guy” that’s worse than what God has already been doing to her on a daily basis for her whole life’! And then look at me now!”
Simi stood and turned around like a model for them to see.
The three applauded her.
Mason coughed.
“Why? What?” Simi asked him.
“Um,” Mason looked at the three of them. “I, uh—  I am a Marine.”
“Oh no!” Oceanna laughed.
“You’re kidding?” Hila asked.
Simi put her hands over her mouth. “Ohhh, crap!”
Mason tipped his cowboy hat at them and smiled. “Once a Marine, always a Marine.”
“What were you?” Hila asked.
“Infantry. Rifleman. E-3, Lance Corporal.”
“A real blood and guts Marine?” Simi asked, rhetorically.
“Yup,” Mason answered. “At one time. Was in Iraq twice.”
“And my God, and you’re here with us!” Simi seemed astonished.
Mason laughed. “You never know how life will turn,” he said. “Come here.” He patted his lap.
“You’re not going to hit me!?” Simi asked.
“It’s me, for crying out loud!” Mason said. “Just don’t knock my hat off, ‘cause that’s sacrilegious.”
Simi smiled and jumped on his lap.
Mason gave her a big hug.
Simi kissed him on the cheek, jumped off his lap and walked around the deck in a daze. “An Afghan and a Marine both here? Oshie!”
Oceanna laughed and clapped her hands together in joy.
“Hell,” Mason said. “Ditch our ol’ teasing, if you can. Marines can’t help it! They train us to eat any bullets we don’t shoot, so the enemy doesn’t get them. We fight over table scraps. We growl at each other, too. And the bawdy sex talk is just primal. We need to reach deep to do what we do, and that’s where it is! Sometimes we forget that we’re supposed to be the strong who defend the weak. But, yeah—we can also be friendly. If we get some wine and cheese.”
Simi, quick, brought him more wine and cheese.
“Simi, will you come sit on my lap again for a second?” Hila asked.
Simi did.
“Osh, will you take some video of us on my phone?” Hila asked.
“Okay.” She accepted Hila’s phone from her. “Why?”
“I’m sending them to my folks, back home,” Hila said with a curious smile.

* * *

A crowd stood around the doorway to Asfand’s and Wajia’s home.
“It was Nathan Lane!” Wajia told them.
“It was America!” Asfand said angrily.
A man in front turned to whomever was beside him. “I think it was the ‘panties,’” he said. “They have that in the west, and it makes men crazy—”
“It’s true! I saw it on T.V.,” another said.
The man turned back to Asfand. “Do you have ‘panties’? Where can I get some?”




CHAPTER

9


Oceanna woke in the morning, in the queen sized bed that also cradled Simi. She got up and walked through the suite. Mason was asleep on the couch wearing only his jockey shorts, with one leg up on the back of the couch. His pillow was on the floor nearby.
Oceanna shook her head and smiled, went back to her luggage, her one bag, for some bathroom supplies. The shower was delicious. In the marble stall, she sang a few bars of “O Sole Mio” in Italian out of a sense of obligation. In English:

But another sun,
That’s brighter still
It’s my own sun
That’s in your face …
 
Simi woke and looked around. Wrapping a sheet around herself, she poured through her one bag for some bathroom supplies and crept through the suite.
Mason had his hat on already, was sitting up on the couch with his blanket draped over him, turning on the T.V. “Morning. Looking for some news.”
He looked at Simi curiously.
Simi turned red. “Good morning.”
“You’re blushing?” Mason asked. 
She blushed even more, wrapped her sheet tighter around her and ducked into Oceanna’s bathroom.
“It sounds like someone’s dying in here,” Simi said.
“Only if you listen long enough,” Oceanna said. “But the acoustics are great.”
Simi sat her things on the counter and lifted her sheet enough to sit on the toilet.
Oceanna shut off the water. She had a towel draped over the shower stall and pulled it in to dry herself.
“I’ll be out of here in a second, but I had to pee,” Simi said. 
“No problem,” Oceanna said. “I used to be married.”


Mel’s Drive-in was kitty-corner across from the Marriott Marquis on 4th and Mission. The home-style ‘50s diner seemed to suit a lot of people, as the place was packed with everything from local bicyclists to the police.
The three were sitting at the bar, because there were no open booths.
Mason slopped steak and eggs down like he hadn’t eaten in a week. Occasionally he chewed, sipped some orange juice.
Oceanna had a short stack with ham and a glass of milk.
Simi had the golden brown Belgian waffle with berries and whipped cream, but she could only eat half of it. “It’s so much!”
Mason laughed at her. “Small stomach,” he said.
Mason’s cell phone rang. He dug it out of his pocket. “’Mornin’, Derie.” Pause. “We’re doing fine.” He held up the phone in front of his two friends there. “You two wanna say hi to Derie?”
“Hi!” Simi and Oceanna said.
Mason brought the phone back to his own ear. “We’re having breakfast at Mel’s Drive-in. No, I’m not spending any money. Much. Didn’t spend hardly any, yesterday. Oceanna bought the room, and then we were in a trans march, and we never got round to it. I thought we’d go buy a Rolls Royce this afternoon, though.”
“I’m paying for that,” Simi said. 
“Oh. Simi’s paying for the Rolls. So I’ll get the trip to Bermuda?” Mason teased his wife. “No, I don’t know. This morning? The whole town seems to be putting on a party for the Pride event. Lot of stuff going. Could never do it all in one trip. Really, we should come next year. You wouldn’t believe this place. It’s the whole city.”
Oceanna tapped Mason on the shoulder and indicated she wanted the phone. “This morning, we need to go over to City Hall and get the Pope to bless us,” she said into it. “He’s a real person.” She nodded to Simi and Mason, asking if they’d like to. 
They responded yes.
“It’s a guy, over there. He dresses like the Pope and blesses people. A lot of gay or trans or different folks have trouble in life—family who demean them, et cetera—and I think he does a real service, helping to bring some closure to some feelings for a lot of people. The real Pope oughta do it, too, hopefully in time.”


San Francisco was alive in celebration. The Civic Center Plaza’s large park-like grounds and center concourse were tailor made for mega-festivities. A band played in front of the City Hall steps; “house” music pounded the air for blocks. A hundred vendors sold everything from food to trinkets to clothes to rainbow colored Pride mementos.
The whole area between City Hall and Fulton St.—really, with no actual boundaries—was full of, perhaps, a hundred thousand people celebrating life and the freedom to be themselves. No matter how anyone presented, no matter who they loved, people were granted the God-given right to be actual human beings and were treated with respect and acceptance. 
People were happy and free. Some lounged on the lawns. Some danced. Some played games with friends. Some shopped and ate and ran and laughed. Some were dressed like the other sex. Some were dressed like their own sex. Some were dressed in a way that was hard to tell. Some were not dressed at all, totally nude. Lovers stood or walked or danced or kissed whomever they wanted, with no disparagement.
“I keep smelling marijuana around here,” Oceanna laughed. “We stick around long, we’re gonna have a great time.”
Mason smiled as if to acknowledge her.
“I see him over there,” Simi said, pointing to the Pope.
“You think we should call Hila and see if she’d like to come?” Mason asked.
“Sure,” Oceanna said.
“Great,” Simi said.
Mason dug his phone out and called her. 
They started walking toward the Pope.
“She says she’s already here looking for us. Where are you?” Mason asked into the phone.
Coordinating, the four of them met up at the pope for a blessing. It was still morning, but there was a line to wait for him.
Finally, they got to the head of the line.
Hila stepped up to the Pope and smiled.
“Hila, how are you?” the Pope asked. “Good to see you again.”
“Doing fine, fine,” Hila said, smiling. “How you doin’? But I need some blessing, for I have been a baaaaad girl in my life with more than a few sinful thoughts.”
“You!? Aaah!” The Pope grinned at her. “Kneel before Zod!” 
Hila kneeled before the Pope. 
He laid his hand on her head. “Oh God! Please help this girl lay off the Strawberry Cheesecake, unless she gifts the church with some too next time she comes! And please help her to come more often because she probably doesn’t come nearly as often as she’d like!”
Everyone laughed.
“And forgive her of her sins, too, oh Father,” the Pope said more seriously. “As she repents before you even though she is Muslim and is not renouncing her faith, and I hope nobody minds that I’m doing this, either.”
Hila playfully slapped the Pope’s leg for being a smart-ass.
“And we beg you, too, please, Father,” the Pope said seriously,” Hila is one of the best people any of us could know. Please forgive those who have sinned against her, because I know there have been far too many.
Hila teared, for it was true. 
“Rise, now, my daughter.”
Hila rose before the Pope and he crossed her chest. “Go now in peace, for God is in your heart.”
In tears, Hila stepped aside.
Oceanna stepped up to the Pope.
“My daughter, what can I do for you?”
“Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.”
“Kneel, my daughter.”
Oceanna did. 
The Pope put his hand on her head. “Father in heaven: This, your child, thinks she has sinned more than she has, for to stand up peacefully to oppression is not a sin even if it might feel so to a humble person. My child, you are forgiven for all your sins, and we pray for those who have sinned against you. Rise and be loved.”
Oceanna teared, rose, and hugged the Pope who laughed. He crossed Oceanna over the chest. “Blessings to you, my daughter, for you are a good person.”
Oceanna stood to the side near Hila.
Mason stepped up to the Pope.
“My son, what may I do for you?”
“Well, I’m not Catholic, but I’d like you to bless me also.”
“You are here with your friends?” the Pope asked.
“Yes, these three,” Mason answered, indicating them.
The Pope looked at them and back to Mason.
“Can you remove your hat, please?”
Mason removed his cowboy hat and stood humbly before the nice person.
The Pope put his hand on Mason’s head. “Holy Father, I ask your special blessing for this kind man, a gift among many, for the good he does for others in his life. With his example, may it be that others consider his wisdom in their own life.”
Mason put his hat back on.
The Pope crossed Mason, as well. “Bless you, my son, for you are part of the good in this life. Go forth and know that God is with you.”
“Thank you,” Mason said to him.
Mason moved over to stand beside Hila and Oceanna.
Simi held back and began to tear.
Hila and Oceanna teared looking at her.
Other people in line noticed, their compassion clear.
The Pope waited patiently.
“It’s okay, Simi,” Oceanna said. She nodded to Simi. “It’s okay.”
Simi looked back to the Pope and slowly stepped in front of him.
The Pope continued to wait.
Simi said nothing, but began to cry, hiding her face in her hands, and slowly knelt in front of the Pope.
People behind her in line teared along with her.
The Pope looked at Simi, at her friends, and then back to Simi. He put his hand on her head and began to speak. “Holy Father who art in Heaven,” he said. “Hallowed be thy name. This young woman who kneels here before you asks for your forgiveness for her sins. Though she is too humble to ask for it, her need is great, so I ask on her behalf to soothe her soul for the wrongs she’s suffered in life.”
Simi cried even harder, though still silently. Her fingers red, her hands pressed against her face. Tears smeared between her fingers.
People in line cried with her, feeling her torment.
Oceanna reached out and held Hila’s and Mason’s hand.
“Reach into her soul,” the Pope continued, “and know her pain. See what she has suffered at the hands of people who knew not the severity of what they were doing, and see as well what she has suffered that was in her own being. Holy Father, we know not the path you set for us, but we know the joy of your presence when we find your way. Show her the light of your love. Show her the beauty in your heart. Share with her the peace that comes with finding herself, and help her know that friends are all around her.”
Simi’s tears flowed freely over her face, behind shielding hands, but slowly, with effort, she lowered her hands to let the world see.
This is Simi, and she is not ashamed.
“Rise, my daughter.”
Simi did. Her face was wet. Her mascara was smeared over her cheeks.
The Pope crossed Simi over her chest. “Let the simple joy of love fill your heart, my daughter. Let freedom guide you. Feel the sun on your skin and the breeze in your hair. Feel the touch of your friends’ compassion. You have a pure heart. Embrace your own life, for God loves you. Gloria Patri, et Filio, et Spiritui Sancto. Sicut erat in principio et nunc, et semper, et in saecula saeculorum. Amen.”
Simi hugged the Pope, who hugged her back.
Simi stepped away wiping tears from her eyes. “God, you’re good,” she said to the Pope, trying to compose herself. “Was that Latin?”
“I hope so,” the Pope said with a smile.
Simi walked to her friends. “My face is probably a wreck.”
“No, it is not!” Hila said, reaching up to wipe the mascara smears off Simi’s cheek.
“You’re beautiful,” Oceanna said.
Mason put a hand on Simi’s back. “Girls!”
Which brought a laugh.
For the next two hours, the four of them roamed through the Pride festivities of the plaza, eating ice cream, gawking at nude pedestrians, enjoying themselves. 
“My God!” Mason said. “Look at those angels!”
The Four Musketeers walked over near the center of things to see four men of impossibly perfect physiques, on covered stilts, in award-winning angel costumes. When they walked, the stilts gave them a slow, gigantic, angelic glide.
“You see that, Hila?” Simi asked, rhetorically. She reached out and held Hila’s hand.
Finally, Hila said, “You know, that’s it. I usually don’t do this, but today? If you all would be interested?”
Hila reached into her purse for her phone. 




CHAPTER

10


The four of them walked into AT&T Park and took their seats in Section 108 on the first base side, down close to the field.
“A Giants game!” Oceanna was flabbergasted. 
“Hila!” Simi said. 
“I don’t usually do this, but being in marketing does have an occasional perk. Pulled a string or two.”
“Expensive strings?” Mason asked.
“Favors,” Hila said. “But it’s okay. I’m due.”
“I’ve never been to a baseball game before,” Simi said.
“Then you’re in for a treat,” Hila said, “because this is the Giants: the best baseball team in the world.”
“You work here,” Oceanna said.
“Because I like them!”
“I’ve seen baseball movies and do know the basics, but—  This stadium is awesome,” Simi said. “The crowd!”
“And the timing’s good. Game’s going to start in just a few minutes,” Oceanna said.
The field was just about prepped. The teams were gathering in the dugouts. Presentations were being made by dignitaries on the pitcher’s mound.
“Is that the lady from El Rio last night?” Mason asked Hila. 
“Seems so,” Hila said.
Simi was staring at the lady.
Oceanna was staring at Simi.
Simi waved at the lady, who turned around.
“Friend of yours?” hat guy next to Hila asked.
“We don’t really know her,” Hila said. “I’m Hila: Breakneck crossdresser and connoisseur of the arts.”
“Don,” the man said. Marines, retired.”
They shook hands.
“And this slime ball beside me is Hank,” Don said. 
“Army, back in the day.” Hank reached across Don to shake Hila’s hand.
“Hi, guys.” These are friends, here.” Hila introduced her friends to the men. “What were you in the service, guys?”
“Gunny,” Don said. 
“Oh no! Maybe you two switch seats!” Oceanna teased from the other side of Mason. “Got to get that Marine farther away from me!”
“I’ll take him,” said a man behind them. “I got a dog carrier out in the car. I’ll go get it.”
“I was Navy,” Oceanna said, “and the Marines! Uh!”
“I know what you mean,” the man behind said with a big smile. “I was Navy also. Ain’t no room on this earth for both Navy and Marines!”
“Mason Winchester,” Mason said to the man behind. “U.S. Marines.”
“Aw! No! Another one of you?” the man behind said. “We should never allow you guys to have sex.” He extended his hand to Mason for a shake. “Indigo,” he said. “Chief Petty Officer on the Bonhomme Richard, a hundred years ago. So I know how to carry a coffee cup.”
“U.S. Air Force,” Hila said. “Interpreter.”
“French, right?” Don asked.
“Never mind him,” Hank said, to his left. “He’s green and don’t know nothin’.”
Simi said nothing.
“She’s U.S. Army,” Hila said, pointing to Simi.
“Now or back when?” Hank asked.
“Former,” Hila said.
Oceanna got Simi’s attention. “Simi, wave. Be nice. There’s an ice cream in it for you later, if you’re nice.”
Simi smiled and waved to the men.
“She’s shy,” Hila said. “Had her machine gun eaten by one of you Marines once.”
Don laughed and tried to defend himself. “I puked it up later with the ammo!”
“But you tried to buy her off with a couple tickets to The Bird Cage,” Oceanna said.
“And that was when trans wasn’t cool,” Simi said.
“She talks!” Don said. “Freely? Or only when you wind her up?”
Simi blushed a little.
“Hard to say,” Oceanna said.
Mason smiled at Simi. “And it’s kind of cute.”
Presentations on the field switched to the area behind home plate.
“Speaking of ice cream,” Don said. “I think I’ll go get one. Anyone want anything?”
“I’ll go with you,” Oceanna said. “Wouldn’t mind a hot dog.”
“Fattening,” Hila said.
“Nothing in a ball park is fattening,” Mason said. “Right boys?” 
Hank and Indigo laughed. “Certainly not the food,” Indigo said, patting his experienced belly.
“You want anything, Hila?” Don said, making his way through the seats behind Oceanna. 
“No,” Hila said.
“Sure?” Don asked.
“No—yes!” Hila said. “I’m sure.”
“Probably got some pizza out there? Chili dogs? Chips?” Don asked.
“No. Nothing,” Hila said.
She leaned back a little so Mason could join in a group discussion with Hank and Indigo, while Don and Oceanna disappeared.
Simi smiled at them, but kept to herself.
“Sure is a nice park,” Mason said. “What is that Coke bottle over there past left field? Several stories tall?”
“That’s a slide,” Hank said. “Maybe for the kiddies.”
Mason looked harder, and sure enough, there were people walking up it.
“And the huge left-handed ball glove beside it?” Mason asked.
“I think that’s just for looks,” Indigo said. 
“No, it’s for catching meteorites,” Hila said.
“No way!” Hank said as if he was astonished he believed her.
“I work here!” Hila told him.
In short order, Don and Oceanna came back. They scrunched their way in-between the seats. Oceanna took her seat between Simi and Mason, doling out some goodies to both of them even though they didn’t ask for any. And Don squeezed by Mason and Hila, taking his seat between Hila and Hank.
Don sat down to begin devouring his hot dog.
“Where’s my hot dog?” Hila asked.
“He ate it!” Indigo teased, laughing.
“You ate my hot dog!” Hila teased the Marine.
“You said you didn’t want one!” Don defended himself.
“I changed my mind!” Hila said.
More people began to file into the stands as the game was nearing.
Simi leaned forward so she could speak over Oceanna and Mason to Hila. “What do they call this part, where they drag those mats over the field?”
“I think they call it drag, honey,” Hila said.
“You’d know about that,” Don said, teasing Hila.
Hila gave him a little smirk. “The cutest little pink panties you never did see.”
Indigo spoke up from behind. “I don’t know either,” he said. “I think they just call it ‘preparing the field,’ or something.”
Don leaned his bag of chips over in front of Hila. “Any one want a chip?”
“Hell no! You ate my hot dog!” Hila teased.
“And it was good. You want a chip or not? Because I’ll eat it so fast, it’ll make your puny Air Force hide turn pale. What country are you from?” Don asked.
“Afghanistan. Let me take our picture together,” she said. Hila held out her right hand to take a selfie of Don and her together. She had a devilish grin.
“What’s that for?” Don asked.
“You ate my hot dog,” Hila said, touching some icons on her phone and smiling.
Don laughed and made big of it with his other friends. “Every day of the week and twice on Sunday.”
“I am so impressed,” Oceanna said in a more serious tone to the group.
“Why’s that?” Mason asked.
“Because a few times—and this is no reflection on the Dodgers as a team, because I know they’re good, too. But I kid you not, I’ve had different experiences with Dodger fans.”
“Someone didn’t eat your hot dog there?” Hank asked.
Oceanna smiled. “No, not that. I mean, this is nice, here, isn’t it?” Oceanna indicated the park and all of them within it.
“Look at this gathering here. People filing in. Us sitting here, and you all talking up a storm with us as if we were regular people.”
“So?” Indigo asked.
“This is San Francisco,” Hank said.
“But my experiences with Dodger fans have been, a couple of times, me sitting there—this is real—before a game, when they were prepping the field like this. I was talking with those around me, but they wouldn’t even bother to talk back with me, and their body language was as if I smelled—and I didn’t.
The group around her showed their displeasure. 
“Once from an interracial couple, once from a family, and another night from two separate Hispanic couples.”
Hank shook his head in disgust. “They should have known better.”
“That’s true,” Oceanna said, continuing. “Actually scooching away in their seat to get farther away from me.” It was clear she was hurt.
“Maybe ketchup was on the seat there?” Indigo asked.
“I doubt it,” Hila said.
Oceanna shook her head.
“Maybe to see around someone else’s head?” Hank asked.
Oceanna shook her head again. “No. I hate to say it, but the truth is, I left the stadium after that last time, and haven’t, yet, developed the interest in going back—and the sad thing of that is, that is probably what they’d like. Me to be gone.”
“You should go back and advocate for your own inclusion,” Hila said.
“It gets hard to keep doing that, decade after decade,” Oceanna said. “It wears you down.”
“I hope that’s not most Dodger fans,” Don said.
“Hope so, too,” Mason said.
“No,” Indigo said. “I’ve been down there. I think Dodger fans are good—”
“I’m sure they are,” Oceanna said. “as a whole, but I experienced that. Maybe it’s me, somehow, or just the people I happened to sit by. Random chance? I hope. Or I’m dreaming. Or it was real.”
“Now Giants fans,” Hank spoke loudly enough for everyone around to hear, “are the greatest fans in the whole world!”
People around them cheered him.
“—but I did notice,” Indigo said to Oceanna and the others, “half of the Dodger fans leave the game in the seventh inning stretch—”
“To get out before the traffic?” Hank asked.
Indigo nodded. “I think so.”
“Not us Giants fans,” Don said to Oceanna. “We’re friendly, and we stay until the last ball is thrown.”
“Dedicated fans!” Hank said.
“Ooo-rah!” Don said, giving Hank a high five.
“This is a social event!” Don said to the ladies. “It’s a big part of life! Look at this wonderful afternoon. We’re healthy, we’re happy—”
Hila took the chips out of Don’s hand to help herself. “We eat each other’s food.”
Don pretended to look cheated, then laughed. 
Indigo slapped him on the back.
“Sure, you can have them!” Don said. 
Hila put one in her mouth. 
“I laced ‘em with jolokia peppers!” Don said. “Why you think I offered ‘em to you?”
Hila stopped eating until she realized he was joking, then chewed confidently.
Hank, Indigo, Mason and Oceanna laughed.
“Almost got you!” Don said. 
“Marines!” Hila said. 
“It’s not his fault,” Mason said. “He’s ‘teched.’”
The announcer was loud and professional. “And now, ladies and gentlemen:  Please stand for the National Anthem. As we approach Independence Day, if you are a veteran of the United States’ armed forces, please salute for the singing of the ‘Star Spangled Banner.’”
Everyone rose.
All seven of them stood together, serious, at attention and saluted the flag during the entire National Anthem.




CHAPTER

11


At the seventh inning stretch, the four left the stadium and made their way out. 
“Good game,” Oceanna said. 
“They just know we’re from L.A., now,” Hila said.
“Yeah, but if we’re going to make the Dyke March and the stuff in Dolores Park, it’s good to leave a little early.
They walked through the parking lot toward Hila’s car, when a black Harley-Davidson Heritage Softtail pulled up in front of them. The lady riding it wore a black, plastic bowl of a helmet which barely covered her short hair. She looked at Simi and revved up her engine, slamming the throttle off, causing her engine to spit, pop and bang on the way down.
Simi looked back at her.
Mason, Oceanna, and Hila all looked at Simi.
“You,” the lady on the bike said to Simi. “I’m Harry.”
“From the club,” Oceanna said. “Yes, I remember you.”
Harry smiled at her briefly and returned her gaze to Simi. “Harry Biker,” she said to Simi. 
Simi laughed. “Hi.”
Harry revved up her engine again.
“Get on,” Harry said. She handed Simi a 2nd teeny-weenie, plastic bowl for her head.
Simi smiled, put it on, and jumped on the back of Harry’s bike, wrapping her arms around Harry’s waist.
“Wait!” Oceanna said. “Where are you going?
Harry smiled at her.
“But we don’t know you!” Oceanna said.
Harry drove away with Simi on the back of her bike.
Hila took a photo of Harry’s bike from the rear as they left. 
“Well, hell,” Mason said, laughing to himself. “I guess we know where she’s coming from now, don’t we?”




CHAPTER

12


Mason, Hila, and Oceanna stood by a tree on the eastern edge of Dolores Park and watched Simi.
The part of the park that wasn’t under construction was packed with what could have been a hundred thousand women, for all anyone could count. Beautiful day, afternoon sun baking everyone, slight cool breeze off the ocean, the women basked in their shared union. Some ate, played, danced to music, slept on blankets on the grass, ran around, played games, went to and from toilets, called to friends, talked on phones, texted, shouted for causes, bought T-shirts and tried them on…
A D.J. was playing Robin Thicke singing “Blurred Lines.”
Simi and Harry were dancing with a hundred other women. 
Harry moved heavy with the beat.
Simi, however, was slinking-up the place: Smooth and silky, she was charming the socks off Harry.
“You are kidding me,” Oceanna said.
“Looks like a horny Medusa,” Hila said to Oceanna.
Simi seemed oblivious to everything in the world other than Harry, and the music seemed to drive her deeper in tune.
Mason stepped forward to go over to them, but stopped when Simi’s dance took her within a millimeter of Harry. 
Simi wrapped her arms around Harry’s neck and kissed her full on the mouth, warm and wet. 
Harry stopped dancing to kiss her back, wrapping her arms around Simi’s waist.
A few couples near them made catcalls at them, whooping and hollering.
Harry continued the kiss, but, without stopping, gave those girls the bird.
Mason leaned his hat into the sun and walked across the grass in his boots to stand beside them.
Harry—only about five foot six—looked up to see him, and his friends behind him. “Guess you found us,” she said.
Mason’s smile was sinister, paternal. “I don’t need to ask your intentions.”
“Um!” Harry smiled, looked like the cat who got the canary. “Ah—”
Simi kept hanging onto Harry, ignoring everyone else. She kissed Harry’s neck.
Harry relaxed her smile and offered Mason her hand. 
Mason shook it.
“So who the hell are you?” Harry asked.
“I am her father,” Mason said.
Simi looked at him for that.
“Bovine feces,” Harry said.
“Or I oughta be. You two are going to have to get married, now,” Mason said.
“We’ll practice up on that later,” Harry said with a smile.
Simi blushed and hugged Harry’s neck, then moved to stand behind Harry, away from Mason. She smiled at him playfully.


The Dyke March route wound through the streets of The Castro, thousands of women walked in police-escorted streets, shouting and waving at people on sidewalks and hanging out of town-house windows.
Harry and Simi walked in the middle of the group. Mason was on their left by Harry, with Hila and Oceanna on their right. 
“Ha!” Hila said. “The ‘Fab Five,’ all with rainbow necklaces around our neck.”
Someone threw another rainbow necklace off the top of a townhouse to the marchers.
It hit Mason in the face.
“What is it with these beads, anyways?” Mason asked.
“It’s the rainbow,” Hila said. “The colors mean everyone, so aren’t you lucky.”
Mason put the necklace around his neck with the other four that were already there.
Oceanna caught another one thrown at her.
“So what’s all the big deal about me picking Simi up,” Harry asked.
“Nothing,” Hila said.
“It’s just that we didn’t know she was gay until a couple hours ago,” Oceanna said.
“What is gay?” Hila teased.
“Right!” Mason said.
“Well, I might not know!” Hila said. “I don’t know poop from poppies, if you ask my father.”
“And you’re from Afghanistan?” Harry asked.
“Yep,” Mason said. “Guess she is.”
“What’s it like there? For a transgender?” Harry asked.
“It’s no problem, if you don’t mind hate crimes,” Hila said. “Or being treated like dirt, or worse—  The truth is, I don’t really know.”
“You ought to,” Oceanna said.
“Yeah, you’d think so, But really, I didn’t see much of it before I left. I was only thirteen, remember. But it wasn’t as important to me then, as now, so I didn’t really check into it at the time, either. But I have this sixth sense that it would be better to have been the bad guy in Stallone film than a crossdresser there. I’m so thankful I’m here.”
“Why is it so important to you,” Harry asked Hila.
“Oh—” Hila stopped her own speech to consider. “You know—  You know, imagine a girl growing up. She’s a girl—”
“Genius,” Harry said.
“And she’s growing up,” Hila continued. “She’s told that girls wear dresses, and for Easter, or whatever holiday, or her birthday, she does.
“How does she feel about it?” Hila asked them all.
No answer.
Hila asked some women near them.
“Beautiful,” one lady said.
“Gets in the way,” another said.
“Why? Foo-foo fabric stuff?
“No, it’s nice to look pretty,” another said.
Hila thanked them for their views with a smile. “And that’s it: it’s a thing girls do to get dressed up. It’s draperies for the body. It’s when you have to act more like a lady, because you don’t want parts to show. It’s maybe also a feeling of being a little vulnerable because it’s open at the bottom?
“And what about things like panties and bras?” Hila asked them.
“If you don’t want ‘em, don’t wear ‘em,” Harry said.
“I think I see where Hila’s going,” Oceanna said.
Mason watched them both intently.
Simi ignored them and called out to people on the sidewalks. “Happy Pride!”
“Overall, these things are ‘nice,’ ‘beautiful,’ or ‘just whatever,’ to women. But what if you’re male, raised as a boy, but you like them also? It’s sex! It’s the stuff that women wear! Panties? That’s the material that’s right up against a woman’s—  Dresses? It’s sexy from the word go! And it’s forbidden territory—You can’t!—men can’t wear that, is the message you internalize.
“But you do, anyway!” Hila held the hem of her short dress out to display her dress. “You get close. You admit you are turned on at the thought of it—the arousal is there—and you get down right hard when you put them on—
“So how does it feel for a guy raised as a male to wear these? Take the pleasure a woman may feel from it, and double it ten times over!”
Harry looked at Hila as if she was crazy. “Okay, so?”
“So!” Hila’s expression was incredulous. “So I almost feel sorry for natal women. They can never feel anything like this. I think being a crossdresser is the greatest thing in the world!”
“You still aroused in women’s clothes?” Harry asked.
“Not like that any more,” Hila said. “I’m used to it. But I do still feel the spice. It is still, so arousing, but I don’t get erections all the time.”
“So do you claim to be a man or a woman?” Harry asked.
“Woman. Definitely.”
“Happy Gay Pride,” Harry called to some women hanging out of the upper window of a townhouse.
“That’s part of the excitement of it,” Hila said. “And, for what it’s worth, maybe I am a little more considerate of women sometimes, because of it. And who says a woman can’t be excited in her clothes? What’s lingerie for?”
“Well, I think my wife likes that because of how I react to her when she’s wearing it,” Mason said.
“But can some women actually get aroused wearing it?” Hila asked.
“Maybe some do,” Harry said. “Tell the truth, I don’t know. I know I don’t.”
“What about soft slinky things against your skin?”
“When it’s nice, it’s nice, is all,” Simi said. “It’s not sex, to me.”
Hila turned to Mason. “You don’t get an erection thinking about this?”
Mason laughed at Hila’s brash statement. “No.”
Hila looked at Mason’s crotch then back to Harry. 
“Just be yourself, Hila,” Mason said. 
They walked on with thousands of lesbians, enjoying the march.
“I can’t believe I’m in a Dyke March,” Mason said, shaking his head.
“I can’t believe you are, either,” Harry said. Noticing Mason’s reaction, Harry explained. “No! It’s good! It’s just that most straight folks from small towns don’t join us. I wish more did.”
“So, what’s your story?” Mason asked Harry.
“Not gonna tell ya.”
Simi caught another rainbow necklace and put it around Harry’s neck while they walked.
“It’s your turn! You don’t have a story?” Hila asked, playfully.
“Nope,” Harry said. “I was spawned right here, just a few years ago.”
“Yeah, I heard that happens,” Mason said. “Ordinary folks come to San Francisco, accidentally wear one of these rainbow bead necklaces, and next thing you know, you’re gay and you can’t remember your life before.”
“You’re gay, now?” Simi asked Mason.
“Not yet,” Oceanna said, teasing.
Mason’s grin was cheeky.
“Seems like there’s more to that then you’re saying,” Oceanna said to Harry.
The March rounded a corner and headed north up the next street.
“Happy Gay Pride!” marchers called to people they passed on the street.
“There is,” Harry said. She looked at the other four in their little group, marching together side-by-side in the Dyke March. “You know, I normally don’t do this, but I’ll share with you. I’m lesbian—”
“No!” Oceanna teased.
“No way!” Hila gasped.
“No, really,” Harriet said, as if she didn’t get the joke. “Always knew it since I was knee high to a tad pole. But in Texas, you don’t say so, or not where I was, anyway.”
“Where was that?” Simi asked.
Harry looked at her. “Midland—  You know, it shocks me when I hear people now and then tell me that prejudice is over for gays? 
“What a crock,” Hila said.
“Some people may want to believe it—” Mason began.
“—Or lack-of-awareness,” Oceanna said.
“Or just plain denial, because how can you miss it? Buckle of the Bible Belt,” Harry said, pointing to herself. “What we had there was football and churches—a few toilets—  They actually need a lot more toilets, because they’re full of—”
“Now, now,” Oceanna said, still teasing Harry.
Harry continued. “And if anybody ever thought about anything else, we also discovered we had tar and feathers.
“So I goes to college over at Texas A&M—”
“You’re an Aggie?” Mason asked.
“Yup. True enough. But somehow I survived it—  You know they have an actual library there?”
“Really?” Hila said.
“True!” Harriet went with the humor. “But they had to close it because someone stole the book.”
Everyone chuckled.
“And when the book was returned,” Harry said, getting into it more, “they had to close the library again, ‘cause it turned out they’d colored it!”
Guffaws.
“Not that bad, really,” Harry said, teasing her old school. “But I can’t help it with the jokes.
“And after that, I got a job as a teacher up in Richardson, Texas, north of Dallas, which was fine, but then word kind of leaked out that I’m—hold your horses—a lesbian—!”
“You’re making this up! They don’t have gays in Texas!” Hila jested.
Harry looked at her like she was joking.
“Yes, they do, it turns out. But what they also got is this stuff they call ‘gay conversion therapy,’ or ‘reparative therapy.’”
“You had to do some of that?” Oceanna said.
By now some others in the march were listening, while they walked.
“So you’re not gay any more?” Hila asked, pretending. “Well, isn’t that remarkable?”
“No, I’m not!” Harry derided the whole concept. “So all the girlfriends I’ve had since then—and there were more than—” 
Harriet turned her head and looked at Simi. “Not all that many, really. Two, three hundred at the most, not counting weekends.”
Simi slapped Harry on the arm.
“Are you kidding me?” Harry shouted. “THANK GOD FOR LESBIANS, WITHOUT WHOM I WOULD BE IN DEEP—”
Simi slapped Harry on the back.
“Some girlfriends don’t like me to cuss,” Harry said to her group, “but some actually do like it, so—I don’t know! What is it with you people?” Harry asked Simi.
Simi blushed again.
“She is such a fem,” Harry said. “Where’d you get her?”
“Happy Gay Pride!” people yelled to onlookers, as they marched.
“Happy Gay Pride,” Harry yelled with them.
“She found us, actually,” Oceanna said.
“She seems to be the person who started this little group.”
“Or you could say Oceanna did, because she found me on the internet,” Simi said.
“No, you found me,” Oceanna said. “So you’re still the instigator, here.”
“So—?” Mason prompted Harry.
“So,” Harry continued. “In school, it was made clear to me behind the scenes that if I wanted to get along, in a lot of ways, it would be good for me to go through this gay reparative therapy—so I go.”
“Why in God’s name?” Simi asked.
“Not to give up snatch, hon,” Harry said. “Look at her blush again?” She kissed Simi briefly on the mouth. “Just wait and see.”
Which made it worse.
Everyone laughed at Simi who covered her face with her hands.
“So I go to the thing, but NOT to get converted, because I know that is such bunk. It’s to try to get inside the head of the idea behind it!”
“Ah,” Hila said. “Espionage.”
Harry nodded and tapped Hila on the forehead with a finger.
“I’m going to get in there and show ‘em. So I took it for a while, but it drove me effin’ nuts, until finally I got so sick of ‘em all, that I got on my hog, one day, and just drove out of the effin’ state and wound up here, where I can be an actual human being,” Harry began to yell at the top of her lungs. “Without all the BLATANT BIGOTRY!”
People around them cheered her.
Harry’s presentation changed, comically, in a flash to a serene, pleasant, “Welcome to Gay Pride,” with a little, royal wave to spectators.
Simi laughed at Harry and stared at her.
“God, I hate all that—STUFF!” Harry shouted again. Then to Simi with a smile, “See how I said ‘stuff’?”




CHAPTER

13


The pink Saturday block party was beginning to rage. Blocks around Market and Castro had been set aside by the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence—“Nuns-of-fun”—no cars allowed. There were stationary food trucks, restaurants, bars, people milling around in the streets, dancing …  It was like a giant house party, albeit one that would shut down by ten or so, so people could be fresh for the Pride Parade the next morning down Market.
Harriet grabbed Simi’s hand and ran down the street with her.
Hila laughed.
“Well, I guess that’s the end of that,” Mason said.
“We’re on our own this evening,” Oceanna said.
“What do you guys want to do?” Hila asked.
“Actually, I’m kinda tired,” Oceanna said. “It’s been a lot of running around these last couple of days, and I’m not as young as I was. When I was young.”
“I’m not as young as I was two days ago,” Mason said.
“My car is back at Dolores Park,” Hila said. “You guys want me to go? I’m not really in your group. I don’t pretend to be transgender, so I don’t have a group. So I don’t know if I should—”
“No need to be insecure, Hila,” Oceanna told her. “You’re in ‘our group,’ as much as anyone else. We all just met, you know.”
Mason looked at the street, blocked off for a major party, put his thumbs in his pockets and rocked back on the heels of his boots. “I recon I’m the only fifth wheel around here.”
Motherly, Oceanna put her arm through Mason’s arm and led them into a restaurant for some supper.
But the restaurant was impossibly busy. 

* * *

Harry and Simi sat side-by-side in a booth in the back of a restaurant. It was noisy everywhere because of the several-blocks party. The Pride-related celebration was alive for blocks.
Simi’s gaze lowered into her lap.
Harry studied her ice tea, then her lap, then Simi’s face, back to the table, then back to Simi’s face. She opened her mouth as if to speak, shut it again. She leaned back in the booth.
Simi withdrew a little from Harry.
“No you don’t,” Harry said. She put her arm around Simi and drew her in.
Harry raised her eyebrows and coughed a little into her other hand. “I don’t know what I should say,” she said. “You—”
Harry looked at Simi some more. “You actually went through all that. How in the hell did you survive?”
Simi looked as if she withdrew again.
“Stay here, Simi,” Harry said to her. “You’re safe here. You’re with me.”
Simi looked like she considered that.
“Really,” Harry said. “Look at this. If a zombie attacked, I’d let him eat me instead of you. How’s that for caring?”
Simi chuckled at Harry.
“Or I’d fight him so you could get away. I’d bite him in the butt—even though he’s a guy—and get the zombie virus myself. Just to defend you. Don’t believe me?” Harry summoned a server over, not theirs. “Hi,” she said to him. “What’s your name?”
“Simone,” he said.
“Hi, Simone,” Harry said. “Would you turn around so I can bite your butt?”
“Honey! I don’t think you could, do you?” Simone gave them both a devilish grin and walked away.
“See?” Harry said to Simi. “That’s devotion. Even Simone knows I’d fight off evil. Probably superman knows it, because he and I used to work together.”
“You’re being silly.”
“We did! He was in reparative therapy with me for two weeks, before he blew the joint. Wrecked the whole place—big hole in the ceiling.”
“Superman is straight. He likes Lois Lane.”
“That’s as phony as Clark Kent,” Harry said. “I heard it in his therapy, next room. Turns out, he’s hot on the Hulk. Big, you know. He’s really the only one he could have sex with, so that little semen bullets didn’t kill him.”
Simi smiled at Harry. “I see what you’re doing. But, yes, I did go through all that. And yes, I’m messed up a little, but not as much as you might think. It actually was war, not personal.”
“Bullsh—  Sorry. Baloney. But it shows more character than I’ve ever seen in another person,” Harry said, “to go through all that, suffer through your personal ordeal as well in life, survive, and come out smelling like a rose. Which you do, by the way,” Harry said with a smile.
“It leaves me a little wary though.” Simi took a sip of her tea. “Like, who are you, anyway? Really?”
“You don’t like me?” Harry’s smile was sinister. “I know better than that. We’ve kissed, and I can tell. Let me see again.” She bent over to kiss Simi again.
Simi pushed Harry away.
Simone made a cat call from three tables away.
“Your real name is what?” Simi asked.
“Okay.” Harry pulled out her little wallet from her left rear jeans pocket and removed her driver’s license, laying it on the table in front of Simi. “You mention my real name to anyone, and I’ll take you to the zombies myself.”
“Harriet?” Simi laughed. “You really don’t look like a Harriet.”
Harry looked vulnerable. “Shut up.” 
Simi laughed at her. “You’re a girl?”
“Ha ha, smart aleck. You’ve already found out about that, personally. Harriet Alice  Reinhold. No relation to Judge.”
“You’re Jewish?”
“Yes.”
“They accept you as gay in Judaism?”
“Never had a problem from them. Want to go to Temple sometime?”
“It’s not Shabbat, now. Saturday sun is down—”
Harry looked surprised. 
“You thought I wouldn’t know?” Simi asked.
Harry chuckled at her. “Don’t underestimate you. But I’m not really practicing. It’s mostly just a cultural thing for me, though I go to Rosh Hashannah—Jewish New Year—sometimes. My parents were more into it.”
“You live—  Oakland is that way, across the bay,” Simi said.
Harry nodded.
“Apartment?”
“Condo,” Harry said. “And here is my insurance card for my motorcycle, from Progressive. I had a claim once—another bike highsided through an intersection and caught me with part of it—and they handled it well. No problem.” She laid it on the table with the driver’s license. “And here is my Visa, my American Express which I got from Costco a few years ago. I don’t even use the Visa except at an ATM. It’s a debit card.
“And here is some other junk.” Harry laid out various cards and papers that had been folded into her wallet.
Simi picked one up. “Are you in Dykes on Bikes?”
“I’ve thought about it.” Harry looked at her. “What’s it like in Kingman?” 
“I don’t live in Kingman,” Simi corrected.
“I thought you were just visiting here!”
“So you thought you’d take me out for a brief spin,” Simi asked, pretending embarrassment, “hoping I’ll leave soon?”
“Not on your life. I got Kingman from Mason back on the march.”
Simi pulled her cell phone with photos on it and showed some of them to Harry.
“Here’s me on my bike. Here’s me looking at my bike. Here’s me with the Fab Four—now the Fab Five.”
“Any of you in a dress?” Harry asked.
“You’ll never catch me in one of those. It would get between me and my hog.”
“You’d look good—”
Simi took out her wallet, as well, a little silk purse, from her right rear pocket. “And here’s my driver’s license. See: I’m from Silver Spring, Maryland, just east of Bethesda, where I was in the hospital. When I got discharged, I grabbed an apartment near by.”
“You going back there after the parade tomorrow?”

* * *

Walking southwest out of the Marriott, at the corner of 4th and Mission—a block southeast of the next day’s parade route on Market—Oceanna, Hila and Mason had to stop for at least a thousand men on bicycles. Police blocked off the intersection, and bike after bike pedaled happily by on their way somewhere.
“Where you going?” Mason called out to them.
“We don’t know!” a biker yelled back, disappearing ahead in the rush of bikes.
“Where you all going?” Mason asked another who was totally nude. 
Oceanna laughed.
“Find out when we get there!” the nude man yelled, riding ahead with the other bikers.
“What is this?” Mason asked someone else standing on the corner.
The man appraised Mason with his cowboy hat and boots.
“It’s just San Francisco,” he said. “Once a month or so? These guys get together and ride to some place known only to the leader that month, and off they go.”
“Bicycling?” Oceanna asked the man
“It’s not just Pride weekend, but any time?” Mason asked, chuckling.
“Yes,” the man answered, chuckling with him.
The bicycles all passed through the intersection, police released the intersection and rushed after the bikers, and people began crossing the streets normally with the lights as if nothing was new, which it wasn’t.
“A city that enjoys life?” Mason asked for anyone to hear.
“Where are we going to eat?” Oceanna asked Mason and Hila.
“I’m easy,” Mason said. He looked around. There was a woman standing nearby waiting to cross the street in the other direction. “Excuse me,” he asked. “There any good places to eat around here?”
“Yes,” she said. “Try Tropisueno. Right over there. Nice Mexican food.” She left to cross the street the other way.
“Right beside the Marriott. Don’t even have to cross the street to get there,” Oceanna said.
“Mexican food okay with you two?” Hila asked.


Their food was half eaten, and all three of them were on their second cocktail. Mason had Makers Mark bourbon straight up, Oceanna had a long slow comfortable screw against the wall with a twist—
“What ever that is!” Mason said.
“Gin, vodka, kitchen sink, probably some battery acid,” Oceanna said.
“Nasty name,” Hila said, laughing. “I love it.”
—and Hila had a strawberry margarita, no salt.
“Now, a man would have salt on that,” Mason told Hila.
“That’s the beauty of it!” Oceanna said.
“I’m gonna have to find myself a man to drink it!” Hila said.
Oceanna laughed at Hila’s non-sequitur.
Mason laughed harder than what would have seemed indicated by the small joke.
“How’s it going?” the server asked with a broad smile.
They straightened up in front of her.
“Oh, wonderful, little lady. We’re having a good ole time. You oughta—  Here,” Mason pulled up the one empty chair from a nearby table. “Have a seat with us!”
“I’d love to, but I’m working. Can I get you anything?”
“No, we’re fine, fine,” Mason said.
“Please tell me you don’t have desert in this place?” Oceanna asked.
“Oh, we do—” the server began to say.
“Then please tell me there are no calories in it?” Hila asked.
“Good stuff! Just all no cal?” Oceanna asked.
The waitress looked like she wasn’t sure she should answer that.
“Everything in here is calorie-free, Ladies! Tonight!” Mason affirmed, hitting his knee with his left hand and sipping some more bourbon with his right.
The server laughed at hm. “Uh, I’ll bring you the menu and you can see for yourself?”
“Good idea! What an idea?” Mason was a little boisterous. “Pick our own! I’ve got to take that back home with me. Can I have one of those menus for myself?”
The server gave him a smile and playful comment, then left to respond to another table.
“Reminds me of the one—  Either of you hear about the transgender Scott?” Oceanna asked her tablemates.
“Not a bit of it,” Mason said.
Hila shook her head.
Oceanna continued. “She’s wearin’ a kilt, you know—”
“If she’s a woman, it’s a miniskirt,” Hila said.
“How short was it?” Mason asked Oceanna as if she were a talk show host, but before she could answer, he answered his own question: “I don’t know. If he’s a he, then it’s a kilt? And if she’s a she, then it’s a mini-skirt kilt?”
“You know how you can tell a male kitten from a female kitten?” Hila asked Mason.
Mason’s big cowboy hat wagged side to side. “No idea. Can’t tell ‘em.”
“You pick it up, turn it over, and if he cries it’s a boy, and if she cries it’s a girl!” Hila laughed at herself.
Mason laughed, stamped his foot and hit his knee with his left hand again.
Oceanna laughed a little, but was also stymied, middle joke. “Soooo?” she asked them.
“What?” Mason said.
“The Scott?”
“Oh yeah! She’s got a kilt on.” Mason was sure he got it right. 
“So the Scott is wearing a kilt, and you know, traditionally—” Oceanna made a gesture toward her own groin area. 
Her tablemates laughed at her. 
Oceanna grinned at them. “And the tourist comes up to her and asks her, ‘Excuse me, please, but underneath that kit, is there anything worn?’ And the transgender Scott looks at her and smiles and tells her, ‘Oh, no, lassie! Everythin’s in fine working order!’” Oceanna slapped her screw and sipped the table. “I heard that joke without the ‘transgender,’ but I changed it for myself.”
Hila smiled at her and raised her glass. “Changing things is very trans.”
“Ha!” Mason said. “You two know: What do you call a promiscuous pony?”
They didn’t know.
“A little whorse!” Mason laughed all by himself.
“Ha ha,” his friends tried.
“Or, what kind of computer does a horse like to eat?” Mason asked, then without waiting for an answer he said, “A Macintosh!”
Oceanna and Hila smiled at him.
Mason clearly thought his jokes were fun, so he kept on talking—”
“I think you’ve had enough,” Oceanna said.
“Too much drinking? Nah! Just loosening up a little—  Speaking of which, What does a drunk horse say? ‘I’ve fallen, and I can’t giddyup’!”
Oceanna looked at him sternly, to get him to slow down.
Mason responded by holding setting his drink down on the table, holding his knees with his hands, and laughing more quietly to himself.
“Here are your desert menus,” the server said, approaching the table. “You doing fine?”
“Great!” Mason told her.
The server left.
Mason couldn’t hold his laughter inside any longer. His face went white. His mouth opened as if in laughter, but no sound came out. He stamped his left foot, slapped his left knee with his left hand twice, and only then did he laugh out loud. “Aaaaaah!  Haaaa!”
Oceanna and Hila started laughing at Mason, the way he was laughing.
“She just—  You shoulda seen my wife at that one!” Mason wrapped up his laugh by shaking his head and drying his eyes. “Oh!  Good times. I gotta share this with Derie.” He pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and called his wife.
The server came back to see what they want.
“Well, no more drinks, please,” Oceanna said. “But I will—Aye!” Oceanna looked like she was in pain looking at the delicious treats on the menu.
“Be strong, girl,” Hila said, patting her on the back. “Stiff upper lip, my dear.”
“I’ll—  I’ll have one of those right there!” Oceanna said to the server. “There,” she said to Hila. “I did it.”
“And two more, please!” Hila said, indicating Mason and herself. “We’re celebrating.”
“I can see that,” the server said, leaving to get their order.
Mason hung up his phone and put it back in his pocket.
“That was Derie. She says hi and says I’ve had enough.”
“Yup,” Oceanna said in a country drawl.
“So, Mason said to them, “Hi. I’m Mason.” He stuck his hand out and shook the hand of each of them. “And you’re Osh, and you’re Hila. Right.”
“Right,” they confirmed for him.
“But I’m all confused as hell. I don’t mean to be—”
“I know,” Oceanna said. “You’re great. We’re just outside a lot of your experience.”
“But I know things. I have a T.V. I see the news.”
“Read the papers?” Oceanna asked him.
“What’s a paper?” Mason asked. “Even in Kingman, things are going internet. But I confess I’m not picking up on some of this. Can I ask if I don’t offend? I don’t want to offend.”
“It’s true,” Oceanna told Hila. He doesn’t. He’s a good egg, a friend. Looks after Simi better than any two other people could, and she’s so new she needs it.”
The server came back with their deserts. There were smiles all around.
“This is great, doll, but I don’t remember ordering—”
“We helped you with that, dear heart,” Oceanna said.
“Oh, these are free? I like free food,” Mason said.
“Yeah, sure!” Oceanna was being sarcastic. “Calorie free, remember?”
“Well, thank God for small favors,” Mason accepted. “Thank you, doll,” he said to the server, who smiled at him warmly and left the table.
“So okay?” Mason asked them.
“Sure,” Oceanna said.
“Okay,” Hila said.
Mason leaned in to them both. “I think I get the basics. But what I don’t understand really, is why? How does that work, I mean, why choose a lifestyle when there’s so much crap, obviously, that people are willing to dump on you for it? I’m seein’ ‘em dump crap, and I’m against that. So I wonder why you’re willing.”
Mason looked back to Hila, then to them both.
Oceanna looked at both of them and seemed to find it difficult to answer.
Mason tipped his hat to them both. “They won’t while I’m around, though, missie,” he said to them.
“I’m sure of that,” Oceanna said.
“You’re a good guy,” Hila agreed.
Oceanna thought, then said, “I—  It’s hard to describe to someone if we’re trying to fit this lifestyle into a binary world of black and white, strictly speaking males and females, where males are manly and want to be and females are womanly and want to be.”
Mason looked at her earnestly, no sign of drinking.
The deserts went untouched.
“Because the world isn’t really that way.” Oceanna’s creased brow made it clear she was being serious.
Mason looked like he was thinking. “Okay.” He held out his hand to Oceanna and Hila in acknowledgement. “But I—don’t understand what you’re saying. I mean, in my experience, most people are just men or women.”
“A lot of people go through their lives without seeing trans issues,” Oceanna said. “They’re everywhere but because it’s not wanted, people cover it up. People with needs cover it up; people who don’t want it cover it up—”
“Like me, sweetie,” Hila agreed. “In my culture, I could have been killed.”
“Here, too, honey,” Oceanna said. “Happens here, too.”
“Everywhere? So we have trans issues in Kingman, too?” Mason asked.
“Certainly,” Oceanna said. “Anywhere, whether you see it or not, it’s part of human beings. It’s the way people are—only a small percentage that would be noticeable, even if it were allowed, but still, it’s there.”
“Here in San Francisco, yeah,” Mason said.
“Here, we are open about it, is all,” Oceanna said. “And some people move here for that freedom, so there’s more of it here. But it’s everywhere, to some extent.”
“It’s like music,” Hila said.
“Right!” Oceanna said. “That’s it.”
Hila elaborated. “Most people naturally enjoy some kind of music, but people like all kinds.”
“Some music is more popular that most people like,” Oceanna said. “Then there are other kinds that fewer people like, but it’s all still music, and variation in listening is natural or humans.”
Hila continued. “And sometimes a person will go through years liking rock, only to switch to country later, and then maybe classical. Or maybe even nothing for other years—”
“God forbid it’s rap,” Mason said.
“See?” Oceanna smiled. “There you go.”
“What?” Mason asked.
“Music to some is noise to others, or even painful to hear,” Oceanna said.
A Latin couple at the next table had been listening. The woman piped in with her two cents worth. “So the question is, ‘Should rap listeners be forced to listen to country music?’ I mean, if it’s not hurting anyone?”
“Exactly,” a male couple at another table said, both of them. The brown-haired one added, “For some people to try to make others live the way they want them to, that’d be fascism.”
“Liberty is the American way,” his black-haired partner agreed. “Hitler, now there is a good example of intolerances of difference.”
“Or the governor or Texas,” Oceanna said.
“Makes me sick,” a blonde man at a third table added. “Those statements likening homosexuality to alcoholism, like they’re both genetic—he gives them that, as if he’s being kind—and then says but they can fight it just the same and live hetero lives like they should, at least on the surface—”
“I know,” said the black-haired man at the 2nd table. The look on his face was sickening. 
His partner reached out to him. “And we help society, you know. It’s not just that we’re here wasting oxygen and food. The judiciary, manufacturing, teaching, diplomacy. You don’t think there are gays in the military, because they keep it quiet? Of course they do; they just don’t want trouble.”
“True,” his partner said. “Like, I was in the military, and I never told them I was gay. And I had a security clearance. The Air Force didn’t even know: I learned years later that four of us in my area were gay. They were selecting for gays in their intelligence community, without even knowing it!”
“Maybe—what?” The Hispanic lady at the first table asked. “A skill set? Brains? Digit span? Pattern recognition?”
“I don’t know. But it was something, because four of us were. And we did good work in there.”
Yet a fourth table joined the conversation. A woman spoke up to the man in the cowboy hat. “And my wife used to be an assistant district attorney at a small county in Nebraska, and they never knew.”
“Because she didn’t tell them?” Mason said.
The lady nodded. “But the point I wanted to share is that it was there and they didn’t know about it. She knew she’d be hurt, and she was miserable. People hate things, put people down for things, then there’s less of it? No. It just hurts people and people have to leave or keep quiet.”
“It’s oppression,” the blond man said. “We don’t go for that here in San Francisco.”
“Because liberals move here,” said the brown-haired man.
“No, because San Francisco is the lefter most major city in the lower 48,” said the black-haired man.
“What about Seattle?” his brown-haired friend said.
The black-haired man played with his phone. “No. Seattle is 122.333 west longitude, and San Francisco is 122.417, which makes it the most ‘left.’”
They smirked at each other in fun.
Mason sat back in his chair and tipped his hat back. He blew a little air through his lips. “I was just thinking about back home.”
“Wondering who’s what?” Oceanna asked.
“Yeah,” Mason said.
“We just want to live,” the black-haired man said.
“Here, here,” the lady at the fourth table said, raising her glass in salute.
Oceanna stood for a toast, speaking loudly enough for nearby tables to hear her. “Here’s to people getting to live their own lives—without hurting others, but also without being hurt by others. And here’s also to the importance of being yourself, as much as it is important for other people to be themselves.”
 Half the restaurant raised a glass and sipped with the toast, including Mason.
People returned to their meals.
“And where in the world is Simi?” Mason asked his table.




CHAPTER

14


Mason slept on his back with his bare right leg on the back of the couch. A pillow was under part of his head; a blanket partially covered his mid section.
Oceanna slept with Hila in the bed in the next room. Hila was draped over Oceanna’s side.
Oceanna picked up the remote and turned on the T.V.
Hila stirred, but Oceanna kept the sound low so as not to disturb Mason in the living room.
The female newscaster was talking about an airplane—a Cessna?—that landed on a freeway.
“Is that a Cessna?” Oceanna asked Hila.
“I’ve no idea,” Hila said. They looked more closely. The plane had a long nose, large tail, and the wings were on the bottom.
“I thought all Cessnas had the wing on top?” Oceanna asked. 
“I don’t know,” Hila said, sleepily. “But if Connie says it, it’s because that’s the way the copy came.”
“You know her?”
Hila nodded. “I’ve met her a couple of times. I’m in marketing. She’s a good egg.”
Connie continued on the T.V. morning news. “And Amy Adams gets some news this morning after she gave up her first class seat to a soldier. After squaring it with the airline and meeting with the soldier briefly, Amy took the soldier’s seat in coach, and the soldier rode first class all the way to Los Angeles—”
“Now that was nice,” Oceanna said.
“Oh, sweetie, that’s what it is. Simi looks like Amy Adams. I’ve been having trouble placing her,” Hila said. 
Oceanna’s phone rang on the night stand. She unplugged it and brought it to her ear, cradling Hila in her other arm. “Simi, good to hear from you. You still alive?”
Hila stirred and kissed Oceanna on the shoulder.
Oceanna looked around. “I think so,” she said into the phone. I don’t know, I’m not in the living room.”
Oceanna craned her neck a little, but there was no way to see from there. “It’s early. You gonna have breakfast?” Pause. “Both of you? Great. Glad. I think, maybe we should meet here at the Marriott at maybe nine o’clock? That will give us plenty of time, I’m sure.”
Oceanna looked at Hila.
Hila nodded.
“Okay. See you then. Are you married, Simi?” Oceanna asked into the phone, teasing Simi. “Pregnant?”
A giggle could be heard from the phone.
“Okay. Bye.”  Oceanna hung up the phone and climbed out of bed. “Bout time to get up,” she said to Hila.
Hila rolled over.
Oceanna walked into the bathroom and caught Mason getting into the shower.
“Beat you this time, Osh!”


Oceanna, Hila and Mason ate at the bar at Mel’s Drive-in again. 
Oceanna had pancakes.
Hila had eggs and toast.
Mason had his down before anyone saw what it was.
“Look at those great pictures of George Lucas on the walls. Server?” Mason flagged one passing behind the bar. “I didn’t notice those in here before. Is that Ron Howard there in that one?”
“Yeah, sugar. Those are pix from when Lucas filmed ‘American Graffiti’ several years back. Part of it was set at Mel’s.”
“Way cool! Look at that,” Mason said.
Hila looked at Oceanna. “Noob,” she said with a broad smile. “Mason, you are refreshing to be around!”
“You, too,” he said., sitting back down on his stool. “I get a little drunk last night?”
“Oh, yeah,” Oceanna said.
“A bit,” Hila said.
“Sorry ‘bout that—”
“No! You’re a gas,” Hila said.
Mason nodded. “You two slept together last night?”
People next to him laughed at his embarrassment.
“Sorry, again” he said to Hila. “This is gonna be my day.”
“No problem,” Hila said with a chuckle. “I want people to know I get laid sometimes. Once a year, at least.”
“So what are we going to do with Hila?” Mason asked. “In the parade? Harry’s got a bike.”
“Hila can ride with me,” Oceanna said. “On the back.”
“Again,” Hila said.
“Register last minute?” Mason asked.


Harry rode into the Marriott’s porte-cochére on her black Heritage Softtail with Simi on the back, pointing up ahead to the left, where the other bikes were parked, including Simi’s.
Mason, Oceanna, and Hila had checked out of the hotel and were in various stages of packing their belongings on the bikes.
“Simi!” Hila called, going over to her for a hug.
“So you didn’t ax murder her last night?” Mason asked Harry.
“I did something to her, but it wasn’t that,” Harry said, getting off her bike.
Oceanna walked over to Simi for a hug. “You’re not a virgin any more?” she asked.
Simi looked to Harry and blushed again. 
“She does that all the time,” Harry teased, smiling. “Beat red, like a little tomato.”
“I got your stuff out of the hotel. Here it is.” Oceanna handed Simi a bag. “You’re showered?”
Simi put her bag in her bike’s right saddle bag and buckled the leather strap on it.
“That’ll do for the parade,” Harry said. “So we got four bikes and five people?”
“Hila’s with me,” Oceanna said. “Maybe we can hope for Mason and me, abreast on our Ultras and you two abreast on your Softtails?”
“You can hope,” Harry said, “but who knows how it’ll work out. Organizing three to four hundred bikes who haven’t practiced together is no small task. Our best bet is to show up at the same time, get through registration together on Steuart St., and then ride together—closely—down Market the block or two to where they’ll park us in these columns.”
Harry continued explaining to the other four. “They’ll initially park us in what will look like four columns, but it’s really two columns of two, side-by-side. If we ride up there as a group of four, two ahead and two behind, they may see that we’re together and line us up that way. Or one might get put ahead, two abreast, and one behind? Who knows? It’s what we get for having friends. And when we get going, who’s-by-who kinda varies as we ride.”
“You’ve ridden in it before?” Oceanna asked Hila.
Hila shook her head. “I’ve seen it, though.”
“And after—” Mason was asking.
“No way to know,” Harry said. “It’s hundreds of bikes. They got to line us up, then we’ll have the parade, then we’ll park at the other end and go to the festivities at City Hall.”
“It’s okay,” Simi said. “We’ll be together even if they line us up differently. We’re in the parade together, either way.”
“Good attitude,” Harry said. “Helmets don’t need to be worn during the parade. Can put them in the helmet truck, if you like, but I just clamp mine onto the bike somewhere.”
“I’ll put mine in the boot,” Mason said. 
“Same here,” Oceanna said. “But I don’t have a helmet for Hila—to ride from here the few blocks to Registration.”
“You can use my secondary helmet I use to pick up girls,” Harry said with a smile at Simi. She pulled a little, black, plastic bowl out of her left leather saddlebag and handed it to Oceanna. “One way or another, we’ll meet up at the other end. Okay?”
“Thanks,” Oceanna said. 
“’Kay,” Mason said.
“Everyone ready?” Harry asked.
“Check,” Simi said.
Mason raised his voice as if to rally the troops: “The Fab Five Ride!” He held out his hand.
Each of the other four stacked their hands on top of his.
“Yea!” they cheered.
The valet parkers for the hotel all jerked their head around to see.
The Fab Five donned their helmets.


The registration table was set up on Steuart St., one short block west of the Bay and immediately before the corner to Market St. It was 9:30 a.m., an hour before parade start. 
All registered and bare-headed, helmets stowed, they got back on their four bikes and started them up.
On the back of Oceanna’s Ultra, Hila raised her hand asking for their attention,  then—pointing forward for Oceanna to see—waved for the rest to follow.
Slowly, at five miles per hour, they rounded the corner onto Market St. in view of the wide, open parade route to the southwest, made their way past the helmet truck on the right, a group of organizers on the left, toward the back of a long line of bikes in four columns—seeming two columns on the right beside two columns on the left. 
Mason was in the front left of their group of four. 
Oceanna and Hila were in the front right position.
Simi was in the back left of their group.
And Harry was in the back right.
They kept position precisely, as they rode to the line-up, and by chance, the volunteer marshaller did park them in the right-side column, side-by-side, just as they’d approached the line-up area—except that Mason’s side was a little forward of Oceanna’s side.
“Good! Good! Closer!” the marshaller waved Mason and Oceanna closer, to within a foot of the bike ahead. Then she moved quickly to Simi and Harry, motioning them closer to the back of Mason and Oceanna. 
“Good! There!” the marshaller said with a broad smile. “Welcome to Pride! Mind those trolley rails in the road. Don’t let your kickstand get in there.” She left to park the next bikes arriving behind them.
The group of four bikes shut off their engines and rested the bikes on kickstands until told to start. 
Mason’s and Simi’s bikes cleared the trolley rails on their left just fine.
They all stood around their bikes with silly grins.
“Look at all this!” Mason said.
They were parked on Market St., between Main St. and Drumm St. The parkers had already filled the slots to their left and behind them with other bikes who had arrived for the parade. Tall buildings framed the parade route ahead, with perfectly blue sky beyond.
“Perfect morning,” Oceanna said to Simi. 
Ladies of every manner and color of dress—or the near lack thereof—got off their bikes all around them and stowed their helmet, asked questions about what to expect, yakked with each other, talked, chatted, yelled, even screamed sometimes.
The excitement was palpable, electric.
Mason reached into his upper back bag—the “boot”—and withdrew his cowboy hat, put it on with an ear-to-ear grin.
Ladies nearby looked at him and smiled.
“Yup,” he said to them. “This is comin’, too.”
One lady, everyone noticed, who came in on the back of a Honda at their eight o’clock, was almost totally nude with a perfect figure—
“Close your mouth, Mason,” Harry said to him, laughing out loud. Then to the nearly naked lady, she explained. “He’s from out of town where they don’t get to have much fun.”
“Oh, you kidnapped him?” the lady biker with the nearly nude passenger said. “I wondered.”
“No, Ma’am,” Mason explained, tipping his hat. “I’m a friend, and it’s a pleasure to be here.”
The nearly nude lady said nothing, but looked at Mason and hugged her girlfriend ahead of her on the bike.
“Yup,” Harry said, pulling Mason away by his sleeve.
“I’m married, anyway,” Mason told Harry quietly. “But this is gonna be fun.”
“I know you’re cool,” Harry said back quietly. “I just kind of enjoyed man-handling you away from her. Makes me feel butch.”
“No problem.”
Simi walked out into the middle of the street by the columns of bikes and looked around. The air was vibrating with the sound of bikes moving into position, echoing off glass and concrete buildings. The sun was out, warming everything. There was hardly any breeze. People were happy! People were having a good day without regard to their sexuality.
Oceanna stood by Simi and looked up the parade route. “Long way.”
“Not long enough,” Simi said. “I’ve been looking for this since forever—I dreamed about this one thing—and now I’m here. Thank you for being here with me.”
They hugged.
“Pick me up?” Simi asked Oceanna.
“I don’t know if I can,” Oceanna said. “Hila?”
Hila swooped Simi into her arms and held her like a bride about to be hauled over a threshold. 
Someone nearby cheered them.
“Ladies and,” Hila looked at Mason, “Gentlemen! Welcome to the San Francisco LGBT Pride Parade!”
Hands flew up with the crowd in cheers.
The atmosphere was a party.
The crowd was filling in the sidewalks along the parade route, getting more difficult to control.
One of the men was totally nude—completely, not a stitch, and shaven.
Some people squeezed past the barriers onto Market to cross to the other side. Staff checked to make sure their way was clear, but cautioned them not to break the barriers.
“Sorry folks! Too many bikes coming through here right now!”
Harry walked up to Hila and guided Simi down. Simi put her arms around Harry’s waist, kissing her softly on the neck. 
“Excuse me,” Mason said, flagging down someone who appeared to be involved. “I’m new here, first time. What are we going to do?”
“I’d kinda like to know, too,” Oceanna said with him.
Hila stood beside and behind Oceanna, waiting quietly with her.
The staffer smiled at them and did her best to explain. “Well, for right now, hang around, because in another forty-five minutes or so, we’ll likely get rolling. Then what we do, those far two columns of twos will begin rolling forward at about five miles per hour, maybe? Just follow the bikes in front of you. When those columns get all gone, the two columns to their left will trail after them. We lead the parade, so look sharp! Watch out for the trolley tracks in the street, or concrete islands. Hate to spill in front all those people.”
Mason and Oceanna couldn’t help but smile.
“So we roll nice and dignified right on down Market to Eighth, I think it is. I’m not in charge. Then make a left on Eighth. End of parade for us there. We make another left on Mission, another left on seventh, then wait at Market, because behind us there’s this huge parade I’ve never even seen because I’m so busy being in the parade.”
The lady laughed at herself.
“Then when they find a gap in the parade, they let us through, and we cross northwest over Market, jig a couple short blocks and we can park together, en masse, right around there.”
“So that’s right near the Civic Center Plaza? Where all the festivities are?” Mason asked. “I’m getting to know the area.”
“Right,” the lady said. “I think that’s right.”
“In the mean time, just ride safe. God forbid, don’t fall over.” 
Mason laughed at the lady.
“Okay,” Oceanna agreed with her. “If you hold still,” Oceanna said to Hila.
“I will,” Hila agreed.
They walked away.
“So don’t fall over,” Oceanna told Mason.
“You neither,” Mason said. “I’m not going to spill my new Rushmore Hog. Not if I can help it.” 
Mason took out his phone and began taking photos of the parade route, or what they could see of Market St. from their location. It was a broad street, maybe four lanes or so over a six-lane width, making room for the occasional island or bus pull-over or taxi lane. 
“You all want a photo?  I’ll take it right here with all those bikes behind you?” Mason began backing up for a good shot.
Oceanna, Hila, Simi, and Harry stood in front of someone’s crotch rocket and smiled.
Mason took a few photos.
“Why don’t you get into the shot?” a staffer asked. “I’ll get yours, too?”
“Thanks.”  Mason went over to join the ladies, stood in the center of them: Hila was on his right, Simi on his left.
“Say ‘vagina,’” the staffer called out to them.
The group shot of them laughing together in front of the bikes was the one Mason emailed back to his wife.
Harry happened to see some friends and ran to chat with them for a bit.
Simi walked over to the center of Market St. and stood there for a long time, looking down it to the southwest, deep into the heart of San Francisco. The sun was warm on her arms. The gentlest breeze wafted her hair.
Oceanna walked over and stood quietly beside her.
Hila looked at them. “Maybe they’d like to be alone—”
Lets go look at that trike-bike over there, Mason. Okay?” Harry asked.
“Sure,” Mason agreed.
Simi looked up at Oceanna and took stock of herself again, where she was. “When I was a little girl—” Simi stopped herself. “That wasn’t true. I wasn’t a girl.”
“I think maybe you were,” Oceanna said. “Inside.” 
“In a way, but if I claim it, it kind of makes people think it’s not true, and then I look more fake than I did a second before. I fear.”
“It might,” Oceanna said. “It’s a hard life, to be trans-anything. But for the part inside, was it true?”
Simi teared a little. “Yes. It was. I feel it. I know it. Even if it didn’t fit.”
“Well, then say it. If you can’t be yourself, then what the hell are you doing?”
Simi chuckled through her tears at Oceanna.
“I remember this one time when I was a little girl, maybe twelve. It was night, a full moon—our house was out in the country at the time. The landscape glowed a little silver, and my bedroom faced to the north. And when it wasn’t cloudy, I swear, I felt I could see all the way to Santa Claus’ house.”
Simi inched closer to Oceanna.
“I know there’s no Santa Claus, but it was a magical feeling to think of it. Because I would also dream of something magical, begging God to change me. I dreamt of my disgusting body changing, right there, into a real girl, and what I would do if it happened.”
She smiled at Oceanna, who still said nothing.
“I’d be there, you know, in my bedroom. Parents in their room, evil little brother in the next room. And there was no way I could tell them. I just knew it. No way would they accept me—
“But in my fantasy, with the magical energy that had to exist, I’d be changed into a girl and find myself for real in my house, facing the problem. How do I convince anyone I’m even still me? I’d look different, speak different. They might claim I am not me, or they might claim I’m a pervert for liking it.”
A Harley drove down Market southwest, from the northeast end, with two other bikes in tow. One of them was very loud, and the biker gunned the engine, shaking buildings on both sides of the street. The crowd screamed pleasure.
“So what would I do? I honestly didn’t know. I’d have no identity, no way to prove it. But I knew I had a friend, a girl in a house not far, who I knew from school, so I dreamt that I’d have to crawl out my window and sneak into her back yard, and tap on her bedroom window to get her attention, and then miraculously convince her I’m me because I knew things that she’d know I knew.”
Simi’s tears fell readily down her cheeks.
“You’ve had to much in you for so long. I’m surprised you’re sane.” Oceanna hugged Simi. “You’ll be years crying it all out.”
Simi nodded. “I’m sure. But at that point my fantasy would break down, because I knew my folks would never accept me back home. And my brother would only make fun of me, like he had for years. Do you know how hard it is to pretend to be a boy when you’re a girl? You have to pretend to like things you don’t like, to act like a boy, don’t even eat your supper like you want to, watch movies that boys like, pretend to ignore things you really need to have? Every minute of every day? 
“So I had to hope in my fantasy that her family would take me in and adopt me as their girl—which is fake, so my fantasy would change to me just being a girl with no family or need of one.”
Oceanna moved to stand in front of Simi, looked at her. “You’ve never shared anything with me about your family,” she said.
Simi’s face held a look of fear. “I can’t have one,” she said.
“Your eyes tell me you do.”
Simi backed away from Oceanna a step.
“Why does this parade bring up such images of your family?” Oceanna asked.
“Everybody back to your bikes!” someone shouted. “Ten minutes!”
Hundreds of (mostly) women broke off conversations and meandered back toward their motorcycles.
“Don’t start them, yet. Just be there and get ready!” the lady called out.
Hila patted Simi on the shoulder. “You’re crying again?”
“These days, she’d cry if a leaf fell on a flower,” Oceanna said. “And I hope she does for years and years.”
“You cry any time you want to, honey. You hear me?” Hila said.
Simi nodded, accepting a hug from Hila.
“You got to get past the foo-foo stuff, for now,” Harry said. “We got a parade to ride, and it’s happenin’ in just a couple minutes.”
“You’ll be fine, right Simi?” Mason asked her.
“Yeah, sure,” Simi said, wiping her tears and getting her motorcycle-riding act together. “No way am I going to mess this ride up. This is the San Francisco Pride Parade,” Simi yelled to everyone within a mile. 
Ladies whooped and pumped the air with enthusiastic arms.
“And we’re gonna lead it off!” Simi yelled to them with a broad smile.
“Yeah!” they answered.
“Ride ‘em cowgirl!” Laughing and pointing at Mason’s hat.
“You bet your—”
“Women!” another yelled.
One of the women was a skinny, little bitty thing, all of about five feet high on a low Harley eighty-eight Dyna.
Mason stood by his bike and laughed to himself. “Everybody ride and don’t fall over—”
It was playful the way he said it, and ladies all around responded with playful jibes of their own.
Oceanna took Mason’s hat off and began to beat him with it, playfully.
Mason pretended to cower, which brought in more than a few laughs.
“Now, ladies! I’m just—  I give up! I know everybody will ride beautifully!” Mason glanced at the nearly nude woman on the back of the Honda, which caused another round of playful jibes and more poundings from Oceanna with his hat.
“Hey,” Mason said, taking his hat back. “This is a Resistol. Wyat Earp, himself, woulda had one of these if he could. I swear. I’m not going to ask her if she can actually hold on. She got here.”
“I heard that,” the lady said.
“You think you can ride better ‘cause you’re a man?” another lady asked.
“Oooooh,” Mason said. “My bad. Didn’t mean that.”
“And I hope you’re not here to pick up girls,” another lady said, reaching over to kiss her girlfriend.
Mason’s smile was congenial. “No, ladies. I’m here with some friends of mine,” he indicated his friends who smiled with him, “to ride in this here parade and have one of the best vacations of my life!”
The ladies whooped and hollered on that one.
“Yes, Ma’am,” Mason said to them all, giving them a smart salute off the brim of his hat.
“Mount up!” a staffer called out.
Every one did.
“Everybody set?” the staffer asked.
A few hundred bikers shouted the affirmative.
Mason turned around to look at his crew. Oceanna seemed ready on her blue Ultra Limited, his old bike. Simi and Harry looked great on their black Heritages. He was firm on his black and amber-whiskey Ultra Limited.
“Ready, Simi?” He asked her.
Simi cried some more and blew him a kiss.
“Don’t get distracted, Simi,” Harry helped.
“Start ‘em up!” the staffer called.
Three or four hundred bikes started at about the same time: Honda Goldwings, Kawasakis, BMWs large and small, Yamahas, touring bikes, cruisers, little scooters that could fit in the back of a car, crotch rockets, and one trike.
There were four columns of bikes on the right side of the street, with periodic Road Captains staged on the left side of the street, about one for every twenty rows or so.
The air rumbled, the ground vibrated, the buildings shook—and the crowd’s scattered screams coalesced into a continuous chorus.
Up ahead, the right-most two columns of their staging began to move forward, and in short order, the bikes ahead of the Fab Five began to move.
The crowd screamed more loudly.
Some of the bikers gunned their engines to make more noise.
And it was their turn: Mason and Oceanna-with-Hila, smiles large, rolled forward at the slow pace of the parade, and right behind them, Harry and Simi.
Tears rolled down Simi’s face.
Harry watched her closely.
The line of bikes seemed never-ending. 
The columns of two centered themselves in Market St. and rolled forward among a never-ending stream of screaming sidewalk fans.
“Yea!”
“Go girl! Go!”
“Bikers!”
“Pride!”
“Whooooooo!”
Road Captains rode the parade route on the left-hand side of the street, watching everything. One of them, like Mason’s though red, had a five foot U.S. flag on the back.
Simi gunned her engine and looked at Harry.
The crowd yelled more.
Harry smiled at her.
Mason gunned his engine. “Yeah!” he screamed at the crowd. “Git some!” He stood up on the floorboards of his hog and took his cowboy hat off, waving it at the crowd, who responded with cheers.
Cameras flashed, taking his picture.
Oceanna laughed at him.
A road captain smiled at him and gently waved him back down into his seat.
So he sat. But his smiled raged. “Git some!” he yelled again, gunning his engine.
The line of bikes in the parade rubber-banned a little, and they had to stop briefly.
“Hey, cowboy!” a fan on the sidewalk yelled at Mason. “What you doin’ with the dykes?”
“I’m getting’ a few pointers! I’m in a parade!” Mason yelled back to him. 
The crowd laughed. 
“Oughta get Governor Perry out here from Texas and show him what’s up!” Mason yelled with an evil grin.
“Nothin’s ‘up’ out here, except maybe you!” Harry yelled at Mason from behind, laughing at him.
If it were possible, the crowd jeered and cheered even harder.
Mason acted like he was embarrassed and humbled, but it was obviously a pretense. He was laughing at himself.
Everyone was having fun.
“Go for it!” a lady on the sidewalk yelled to him.
Mason tipped his hat to her.
All along the parade route, people cheered them as if they were saving humanity from destruction—and maybe they were. The cheering was constant, from start to finish. It never let up.
Now and then, Oceanna turned her head around to check on Simi and Harry.
At Eighth St., the bikes ahead of them were turning left. On Eighth, the crowds thinned, and they speeded up some. Left again on Mission, left again on Seventh, and they all bunched up at Market while more of their motorcycle contingent rolled by in front of them. After the bikes, security opened the line and let the bikes cross Market to their parking on the north side.
Mason, Oceanna, Hila, Simi and Harry wound up parking their four bikes on Leavenworth, as expected.
Women were getting off their bikes and talking excitedly with each other.
“Oh my God, that was fun!” Hila said when she dismounted Oceanna’s bike. “That was my first time to do that. I have got to do that again! Where do I learn to ride one of these crazy things!?”
Oceanna and Mason laughed at her.
“You already are,” Oceanna said to her with a wink.
“No, girl! I mean a bike!” Hila said.
Harry snickered at them, then turned to Simi. “You did good, Simi.”
Simi nodded but looked distracted.
“Uh, Oceanna said to Hila. “Maybe take the California Motorcycle Safety Course? There is probably one somewhere around here. They’ll teach you, you don’t need to take the driving part of the test at the D.M.V., and you’ll get an insurance break for it. Bikes are good gas mileage, also. And parking’s easy in the city.”
I’d get one of those little scooter things that I can get into with a dress on,” Hila said.
“That suits you,” Mason said.
“And I can ride on the back with you, if we go somewhere long together,” Hila said to Oceanna.
There was no need to pack anything for whatever they intended to do next, as luggage was already stowed in compartments.
Simi got her helmet out of her saddle bag, and the others watched her begin to strap it on.
“You don’t want to go back to the festivities here?” Harry asked her.
Simi still looked distracted, maybe a little white in the face.
The other four began getting their helmets out.
Mason and Oceanna’s bags were fiberglass and lockable, so they went about locking them. Harry and Simi’s bikes had leather saddlebags with a buckle that closed them, and they made sure they were buckled.
“Maybe share what’s up?” Harry asked Simi.
Simi smiled at Hila, but it was clear something was wrong.
“What’s the matter?” Harry asked again.
“No problem. I’m good,” Simi said.
“Seem a little distracted to me,” Mason said.
“Well, it’s just that now I’ve done the Pride Parade, in San Francisco like I dreamt. And I’m here, like I dreamt. I’m with Harry, like I never thought to dream.” She hugged Harry and got a kiss on her neck.
“But there is this one other little thing I have been fearing I should do, that I haven’t done yet. Since I’m here, anyway. Maybe.”
“What?” Oceanna said. 
“Well, um,” Simi shuffled her feet a little. “I was thinking about going to see my parents.”
“Parents!?” Oceanna’s mouth fell open. “They’re here?”
“Yes.”
“You know they’re home?” Hila asked.
Simi nodded. “It’s Sunday, so they’ll be getting out of church soon.” Simi seemed to withdraw a little.
“Simi,” Mason asked. “You haven’t been to see your parents yet?”
“No.”
“Have you emailed them photos yet?” Oceanna asked Simi.
Simi shook her head.
“Oh, Jesus,” Oceanna said.
“Have you even told them anything about this yet?” Hila asked.
“No. Not yet.”
Harry laughed out loud, a big belly laugh. “Aaaaaaaaaaahh! Ha ha…”
People organizing things on their own motorcycle, nearby, stopped what they were doing to stare at them briefly.
“Simi!” Harry laughed. “Ha! You—   Simi!”
“It’s not funny!” Simi defended herself. “I didn’t want to—”
Harry was still laughing at Simi. “You were afraid to!”
“So what?” Simi asked.
“Okay!” Harry laughed. “God—  Do they even know you’re out of the Army?”
“Not yet,” Simi answered meekly.
Harry bent over laughing but went over to Simi to give her a hug in reassurance. “Oh, I’ve got to see this! Army helicopter pilot guy goes M.IA., P.O.W., gets rescued, comes back, gets discharged, and—  ‘Hello, Mom and Dad? I’m your daughter!”
“They know I was shot down—” Simi tried to explain part of it.
“And you left ‘em hanging with that?” Harry said. “Here’s five bucks! You gotta take me!”
“It’s true, Simi,” Oceanna said. “You’ve got to tell them.”
“I know it! What do you think I just said?” Simi leaned against her bike.
Mason leaned on his own bike and talked to her. “You really—  You never told them, even years ago, that you needed to be a girl or anything about this?”
Simi shook her head. 
Mason looked at Harry with a little bit of a smile.  “This is gonna be good.”
“Don’t make fun of me!” Simi said.
“I’m not! Really!” Mason said. “But look at the bright side of it? We’re your support.”
“That’s right,” Oceanna said. “Take us along. We’ll catch you if you faint.”
“Where do they live,” Hila asked.
Simi pointed north.




	CHAPTER

15


At eleven forty, the five of them rode their four bikes together in lane number one, north across the Golden Gate Bridge though the most beautiful vista any of them had ever seen. They were roughly in the same relative positions as the parade, though with Simi and Harry ahead, and Mason and Oceanna behind.
Simi was leading the way.
But none too quickly.
Their speed was just slow enough to avoid obstructing traffic.
“This is gonna be good,” Mason said on Channel One of his C.B. to Oceanna.
“It could be scary,” Oceanna responded.
“Oh, her parents are not gonna do nothin’. Surely?”
“Don’t be so sure, Mason. Shock and rejection are common, and then think about how it can come back on Simi. She’s fragile.”
Mason paused. “That’s right.”
“We’re going back to Kingman,” Oceanna said. “My mom’s there, your family. But Simi is due to stay here, and it’ll rip her support apart. And if her parents are hostile—”
“You’re not thinking dark thoughts,” Mason asked Oceanna, looking at her on her bike.
“She’s very fragile. Suicide happens.”
Off the bridge, past Vista Point, the road curved around to the right.
“She’s so up!” Mason said.
“That’s artificial,” Oceanna said. “She’s up because she’d been down and she finally got something she’d dreamt about all her life. But if she’s crushed—she could crash hard.”
Mason turned his head to look at Oceanna and then back ahead to look at Simi.
Near Sausalito, Simi got off the freeway and began leading them through pleasant residential streets.
On one corner, Simi stopped at a stop sign and waited with her group.
Their four engines rumbled at idle.
Harry looked at Simi and mouthed, “It’s okay.”
Simi raised the face plate of her full helmet and wiped tears away with a gloved hand, slapping her face plate back down.
Harry nodded to her.


The five friends stood on the porch of a little house on a hillside, its backside overlooking the Bay in the distance. There were two cars in the driveway and one on the street at the curb. The sound of a baseball game on television could be heard within.
Simi’s face was ashen. She stood there, quietly, not lifting a finger to the doorbell.
After a time, Oceanna spoke. “You want me to do it, hon?”
“I’m gonna catch her if she falls down,” Harry said. 
“And I’ll catch you,” Mason said to Harry.
The large oaken door suddenly opened, and a middle-aged woman, blond hair cropped short, stood in the doorway. “Yes?”
“Who is out there?” a man called from inside.
“Looks like some people are up here from Hollywood,” the lady in the door way said, turning to retreat back into the living room a few steps but keeping her eyes on the door. “Get Anita Bryant,” she said.
Oceanna was the only one who stiffened with that reference, due to her age.
Two men within turned to look at the door, ignoring the game on T.V.
One of the men got up and walked to the door. 
The other followed.
Another middle-aged lady walked from inside the house to stand in the doorway. Her hair was dark brown, worn in a long ponytail. She had a small, pixie nose, light makeup, and kind eyes. She was wiping her hands on a dishtowel. “Hello?” She looked with a friendly smile at the group on the porch. “Can I help you?”
Simi stood on the porch, frozen. 
Oceanna stood behind Simi and touched the small of her back. She whispered in Simi’s ear. “We’re all here with you, hon.”
The lady at the door looked concerned at the young lady’s distress on the porch.
A gentle man walked up to stand beside her.
“It’s okay,” Oceanna whispered in Simi’s ear.
Simi looked at Mason, Hila and Harry before turning to the lady, sharing a soft, “Mom?”
The lady in the doorway looked surprised. Her smile morphed into an expression of confusion for a few seconds as she looked more closely at the young lady with her group on the porch.
“Mom?” the lady with the ponytail in the doorway repeated. She looked at the people on the porch and also at the man beside her.
Simi de-focused, looked wobbly. Her gaze left her mother, but didn’t go anywhere else.
“Who is it, Kath?” the man beside her asked.
“I don’t know, Fulton,” Kathleen said at the door. She turned back to the young lady on the porch.
“Honey, you don’t look well. Come inside and sit down, please, before you fall over.” Kathleen opened her door wider to admit the group on the porch.
Mason held Simi’s left arm, and with his other hand on her back, ushered her inside. “Come on. Lets go sit down.” He half carried Simi inside to the couch.
The rest of the group followed silently.
“Eileen,” Kathleen said to the lady behind her. “Please go and get her some tea from the kitchen?”
Eileen looked at the motley crew coming in through the front door and hesitated.
“We can practice a little Christian kindness,” Kathleen urged Eileen. “Just like Pastor Baine was saying only this morning.”
With a scowl, Eileen turned back toward the kitchen.
“Gayland,” Fulton asked, “Would you bring that chair over here as well?”
Gayland did not, returning to the T.V.
Mason directed Simi to sit on the large sectional sofa, which she did.
Oceanna looked at Kathleen. “Kathie Fisher?”
“Yes,” Kathleen answered.
“And I’m Mr. Fisher,” Fulton said, reaching out to shake Oceanna’s hand.
Oceanna shook Gayland’s hand. “I’m Oceanna Winkler. This is Mason Winchester—”
“Hello,” Mr. and Mrs. Fisher said to them.
Mason nodded and touched the brim of his hat. “Glad to meet you.”
“And this is Hila Mohammad—”
Hila smiled and waved.
“—and Harry Reinhold, no relation to Judge.”
Kathleen smiled. “Well, it’s a pleasure to have you visit.”
“Please, all of you. Sit down.” Fulton indicated.
Most of them sat on the sections of the sofa.
Harry remained standing for a moment, then took the chair. She displayed no trace of the humor at the situation, as she had before.
Simi looked at the fireplace. There was a portrait photo of her, when she was a man, on the mantle, in uniform, a young Warrant Officer One.
She glanced at Oceanna, who saw it, too.
Everyone in her group followed her gaze.
“And you?” Kathleen looked at Simi more deeply. She took a seat, also on the sectional, near Simi, just past the ninety-degree bend, so their knees were close.
“Fulton?” Kathleen indicated for him to join them.
“Oh,” Fulton said, gathering his recliner and turning it away from the T.V. to face the couch. “How’s that,” he asked his social director.
Kathleen smiled at him.
Eileen came back into the living rom with a cup of tea.
Kathleen turned back to Simi.
Simi looked to her friends, who nodded at Simi to get on with it.
Simi looked back at Fulton and Kathleen. “I—  I—”
“She’s that way,” Mason said.
“She’s had a hard time,” Oceanna said. “A real hard time.” 
“And she’s come here to see you,” Hila said.
“We’re hopin’ you’ll be nice,” Harry said, none too gently.
“Sure, nice! All the time,” Fulton said. “Here.” He took the cup of tea from Eileen and gave it to Simi who spilled it on the floor with shaking hands.
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” Simi said. “I didn’t mean to!” She looked for something reflexively to pat it off the carpet.
“I’ll get it,” Eileen said, going to the kitchen for a towel.
“Don’t worry about it. Your hands are shaking,” Fulton said. “I do it twice a week—three times, during the play offs. I should have set it on the coffee table.”
“Could give it to her intravenously,” Gayland said in front of the T.V.
“Never mind him,” Kathleen said.
Eileen came back with a towel. Hila took it from her and began patted the carpet with it.
Eileen sat by her husband, Gayland, on the arm of his recliner. They huddled.
“It won’t stain, I don’t think,” Hila said. 
“Wouldn’t be the first if it did,” Fulton said with a smile.
“So, now,” Kathleen said. “What is it we can help with?”
Simi’s mouth opened, but shut again.
“She was over in Afghanistan,” Mason stepped in for her. She was a helicopter pilot there—”
“Like our Tommie,” Kathleen said, pointing to the picture on the mantle.
“Yeah, probably,” Mason said.
Oceanna continued. “But she got shot down—”
“So did he,” Kathleen said.
“She was a wreck,” Harry said. “Really messed up.”
“I can imagine,” Fulton said.
Oceanna continued. “They sent her back to the states, but her biggest problem was inside, and that’s where she totally melted down. You see, when she was little, she always had something inside her that hurt so, it had to come out, and she couldn’t hold it in any longer. I think if she hadn’t found the courage to be herself, I think it would have killed her.”
Simi looked at her mom more intently in the eyes.
Kathleen looked back at Simi, and her face began to change. The kindly, quizzical look became alarm and shock.
Fulton looked back and forth between his wife and Simi.
Oceanna held up Simi’s hand toward them. “This is Simi Fisher.”
Kathleen stood up on reflex.
“Oh, for the love of Jesus—” Gayland said from his recliner.
Fulton stood beside his wife to hold her. “What’s the matter?” He asked her.
Kathleen pointed at Simi whose fearful look was now fixed on the floor.
Simi stood before her parents. “Mom? Dad.”
“Tommie?!” Kathleen said.
Kathleen and Simi both broke into tears and hugged, crying on each other’s shoulder.
“What?” Fulton said, looking at everyone.
“Wake up, Fulton!” said Gayland in front of the T.V. “Your son’s one of them, now.” He flagged a hand at the couch.
“Oh, my God,” Eileen said, standing and taking a step backward. She glanced at the photo on the mantle and back to Simi.
Fulton’s eyes widened, and a broad smile came across his face which turned into a laugh of joy. “Tommieeeeeeeee! Get over here!”
The three of them hugged in a fit of tears. 
“My God, I worried about you,” Fulton said, “They told us they found you but no news after that! “Nothing!” 
Fulton held Simi and Kathleen back at arm’s length to look at Simi. “You really in there?” he asked. “Come here!” He hugged Simi again.
Simi nodded, crushed into his chest.
“That’s you? My boy!”
Simi’s face scrunched up at the thought.
“But it’s you?” Fulton asked, releasing her.
“Yes,” Simi said.
“It is, Fulton. I can see it in his eyes. Can’t you tell?” Kathleen said.
“Well, I’ve had so much experience!”
“Larry did this, too?” Simi asked, referring to her little brother.
“Your dad’s just being sarcastic,” Kathleen said.
“No, I didn’t mean that. Tommie! Come here!” Fulton brought Simi into a bear hug once again that had to be survived to be appreciated.
“Everybody!” Fulton shouted to the house. “Tommie’s back from the war! Tommie’s back!”
Oceanna let out a sign of relief and looked to Mason with teary eyes.
“Sit down here with me!” Kathleen said to Simi, indicating for everyone to scoot over a little to make room.
Fulton slapped the T.V. off. The game came to an abrupt end.
Eileen went back into the kitchen with a scowl on her face. “Lunch will burn.”
“Tommie—” Kathleen began.
“It’s Simi, now,” Simi said.
“Simi—after your Grandmother?” Kathleen asked.
Simi nodded.
“She was always kind—  You told her about this, didn’t you?”
Simi teared some more, smiled and nodded.
“But you couldn’t tell me?” Kathleen asked
“Or me? I’m your dad. Nobody ever clues me in.”
“I know you are, and I’m sorry,” Simi said to both of them. But I was so scared.”
“Simi!” Her dad took her hands in his. “Let me look at you.” He did. “Your hands are so soft, your hair—  How did you get—you have actual breasts? Trashy not to wear a bra!” Then he spoke to his wife. “She looks like a girl, now. Gonna have to repaint his room.”
“What’s the rest of your name?” Kathleen asked, reaching out to hold Simi’s hands as well.
“Simi Annette Fisher,” Simi said. “She’s the only person—”
“Not any more!” Fulton said.
“You took her whole name,” Kathleen asked.
“Yes.”
Kathleen ran her fingers through Simi’s hair, brushing it away from her face, gathering the hair on the left side of Simi’s head behind her ear. “A girl,” she said.
“Aren’t you guys gonna kill her?” Harry said. “I rode all this way.”
“Ha!” Fulton said. “You don’t know this family!”
“Apparently, Simi doesn’t either,” Hila said. “She was afraid to breathe.”
Kathleen leaned over to Harry and, choking back a chuckle, spoke almost as if confidentially. “Besides, we could always tell, anyway!”
“It’s true,” Fulton said. “Just didn’t really think we were right. Who’d a thought we’d be right about anything? Especially after all that hell she gave us when she was a teenager.”
Gayland and Eileen looked a little upset.
Hila got out her phone and thumbed a few icons.
“She was such a girl!” Kathleen said. “She couldn’t help it. We always watched her try, she hurt so much. It’s how God made her. And now she is a girl outside, too!” Kathleen hugged Simi again and gave her a brief kiss on her lips.
“I have to go to the bathroom,” Simi said, getting up to go toward the hallway.
“You know where it is—  Of course you do. You know how to do it? Simi?”
“I’ve got it covered, Mom.” 
“Of course you do. But I’d have taught you when you were little.”
“Covered with pink little nylon panties, probably,” Gayland said. 
Simi stood to go but stopped at Gayland’s comment.
Gayland continued. “Oh, my God, your son is one of those.”
“Gayland!” Kathleen said.
“Well, it’s true! We can’t stop this kind of thing from happening out in the world, but now it’s in your own house!”
“That’s right,” Eileen said from the kitchen.
“We didn’t have this kind of thing in Idaho,” Gayland said.
“Surely you did,” Mason said. “They just didn’t let you know.”
“You should pray for forgiveness,” Gayland said. “What did you do to her, Fulton? When you were raising her up. Are you a transvestite? Did he pick this stuff up from you?”
“Gayland!” Kathleen said again.
Simi stood in defense of her father. “Not at all! It’s probably genetic! I’ve had it from birth, somehow!”
“Then they did give it to you,” Gayland said, still sitting in the recliner. 
“It’s just something natural that happens sometimes,” Hila said in Simi’s defense.
“He could fight it!” Gayland said. “He could go do repairing therapy and learn to act normal! Not this flitting around gender-bending!”
“It’s Texas all over again,” Harry said.
Gayland stood angrily. “I’ve seen that Governor on T.V., and I think he’s right.”
“You know Pastor Bain doesn’t think so,” Fulton said. “She’s God’s child, and she’s beautiful.” He turned to his wife. “She actually is beautiful, too! Would you look at that?” he said, looking at Simi.
“He is an abomination before the Lord, and he can’t enter the Kingdom of Heaven!” Gayland said, stepping toward the front door. “Eileen! Lets get out of here.”
“Gayland!” Fulton said, this time.
Eileen stepped out of the kitchen toward the front door, also. “It’s true,” she said. “It’s in the Holy Bible. If you were a Christian, you’d do what God says.”
“And if you were a Christian, you’d love your neighbor as yourself and leave the judging to God!” Fulton said, angrily.
Gayland and Eileen moved straight to the front door.
“No, Eileen! Gayland! Please stay,” Kathleen said. “You’ll see! Get to know her! Give it some time? I’m sure you’ll like her!”
“Such are the ways of sin,” Gayland said, stopping briefly in the door. “It’s seductive. There’s always a ‘good’ reason. You could give in to anything—prostitution, marijuana, abortion—but that is not the way. The way to Hell is paved with candies like that.” Gayland indicated all of the transpeople there. “God’s way isn’t easy, but we intend to follow it.”
Gayland and Eileen left, leaving the front door open.
“We’ll see you in church,” Kathleen called out after them.”
“Not that one,” Gayland said over his shoulder, making his way to their car. “Not any more.”
Simi stood in the entrance to the hallway, shaking, looking to everyone for support.
“I really think Pastor Bain will be as happy as we are,” Kathleen said.
“I agree,” Fulton said. “And the rest of them can—”
Kathleen slapped him on the stomach to shut him up.
“Mom and Dad!” Mason said as a cheer with some hearty clapping. 
“Way to go!” Harry said, moving to go with Simi to the bathroom.
“They’re really not that way,” Kathleen said to them all. “I’ve never seen ‘em that way. I think they were just caught off guard—”
“Denial comes in all forms,” Oceanna said.
“People feel that way about us a lot and don’t say,” Hila said.
“I think she’s right,” Mason said. “They do.”
“But they’re nice people,” Kathleen asserted.
“Not nice to us,” Oceanna said.
Simi and Harry disappeared around the corner into the hall.
Kathleen turned around. “And so who are you four? Friends?”
They nodded.
Harry called from the other end of the hallway. “A cowboy, a transgender, a C.D., and a dyke.”
Fulton laughed. “I’m so happy, I could drop a load!”
“Don’t talk like that in front of guests!” Kathleen’s embarrassment looked almost real.
“We got to get this party started.” Fulton headed into the dining room. “I’ll set more places. Three, ‘cause we got five and we lost two.” He headed into the kitchen. They could hear Fulton talking to himself in the kitchen, Singing Vagner, rattling dishes.
“We have prayed so hard for—her,” Kathleen said. “Thank God Almighty for bringing her back to us—” Kathleen turned to speak more loudly so her husband could hear her in the kitchen. “—and thank God for bringing the real her back to us for the first time!”
“Amen!” Fulton shouted back from the kitchen. He opened the kitchen window and shouted to the world: “Our soldier is back from the war!” He laughed and slammed the window shut again.
Turning back to her guests, Kathleen asked, “How in the world did all you get together?” Kathleen asked. She turned to look straight through the walls toward the bathroom.
They started talking and the house filled with sounds of friends and family. Instead of sitting on the couch, they walked around the guest areas of the house, looking at photos on the walls, hearing stories from Simi’s mother.
“What am I in the kitchen for? You’re the woman!” Fulton teased from the kitchen.
“Because you’re the man, and I run the house!” Kathleen teased him back. 
“This is so unreal,” Hila said.
“This doesn’t happen,” Oceanna agreed. “That happens,” she said, indicating the people who left. 
“Maybe it’s a miracle,” Harry said, re-entering the living room.
Simi came back into the living room after her and stopped the show.
Harry went back over to her. They hugged, and Simi cried on her shoulder.
Kathleen looked at Oceanna with raised eyebrows.
“Double whammy, today, Kath,” Mason said. “She’s gay, too.”

* * *

A crowd had gathered around Wajia and Asfand’s T.V. They were eating and drinking, discussing the family’s personal reality show.
“She’s gay, too!? I bet they get married later!” one woman said to the next.
“Probably, that one girl was gay and changed her sex so she could get laid, and wore the panties and corrupted Hila! That was it,” a man said.
“You’re an idiot,” a woman said to him. 
“So what happened in the beginning?” a woman asked the group.
Another answered. “That one, the little one, was a man and now he’s a woman. And he was in the war—over here in Afghanistan—and he went home and we made him become a girl. And ‘she’ had a friend—”
“The tall one—” another interjected.
“—and the tall one wears panties, and Asfand’s son is among them in panties, too and walked in public in a parade in a ‘dress’—”
Laughter and derision went through the room.
Asfand sunk his face into his hands.
“They’re probably ‘Demodats’ like Obama!” someone shouted. “Americans can do anything!”
“I love that country.”
“I hate that country.”
“It’s probably the panties that got them all!” a man said. “Asfand! You dog!” He  laughed and slapped Asfand on the back.

* * *

Kathleen laughed out loud and clapped her hands repeatedly. “You’re kidding!?” She laughed some more. “She’s gay?” she asked Harry. “You’re lesbian?” she asked Simi.
“Well, I didn’t think so, but,” Simi looked at Harry. “Yes. Mom, she drives me wild!”
“It all fits!” Kathleen said to anyone, to herself. “I can see it! It all makes sense, now! Things were so off before.” She turned to her guests. “She really did like girls, but not the ones who’d like him, before. You could feel it, you just knew.”
Fulton came in from the kitchen with a dishtowel in his hands. “Knew what?”
He looked at the way Simi and Harry were hugging. “Oh.”
Folks seemed to begin to gravitate toward the dining room table.
Harry led Simi over and took seats on the far side, looking back toward the living room. 
“You should have been here for her Senior Prom,” Kathleen said to them all. “Looking back, I think it would have worked out a lot better. Everything in her life was a fiasco, because of this in the background. The orientation was all wrong.”
Kathleen looked at Simi in wonder. “’Her.’ ‘She.’ I’m going to have to re-write my whole history with you. Rethink everything. ‘Simi.’ I have a—daughter?”
Simi looked too shy to nod. She blushed instead.
“We’ve got to go shopping!” Kathleen said. “Finally I can ask someone other than your father about my hair!”
“It always looks fine, Kath,” Fulton said.
“See what I mean?” Kathleen asked Simi.
Simi ran her fingers through her hair. “Mine needs something, too?”
“And some new clothes,” Kathleen said. She looked at Simi. “Dresses?”
“She does. She’s got nothing,” Mason said. 
“I don’t do dresses, Mom,” Simi said.
“Honey, they’re beautiful!” Kathleen said.
“All she seems to want is her little bag of things she’s carried on the back of her bike,” Hila said.
“Great! We’re on.” Kathleen said, as if Simi had agreed. “You’ve—  I don’t mean to ask—  I mean I don’t mean to pry—  I don’t mean be intrusive. But have you had—?” She almost pointed to Simi’s groin.
Simi blushed yet again and looked at Harry.
“She does that at the drop of a hat,” Harry said. “No reason needed. Now somebody a’ probably turn on the faucet.”
“Just over two months ago,” Oceanna said. 
“So, you’re a girl there, too?” Kathleen said.
Simi looked away.
“Yes,” Harry said strongly. “That’s a fact. And those I know.” She smiled at Simi, who covered her face with her hands.
“Will you guys stop it?” Simi asked.
“Did it hurt?” Kathleen asked.
The look on Simi’s face showed it did. It was a major ordeal. “They give you drugs, but—”
“I should have been there!” Kathleen said.
“I’d have been too embarrassed,” Simi said. “I think it’s better to just meet me anew and not have those images in your head.”
“Not for me!” Kathleen said to everyone at the table. “My baby goes to the hospital, I want to be there! Let me tell you! My little girl—  I have a little girl.”
Simi’s smile was broad and genuine.
Mason started laughing at Simi. “Ooooo, kay!” he said. “Life is without a plan, let me tell you. I never thought—”
“Me neither,” Fulton said, sticking his nose out of the kitchen. “Not even an hour ago, and look at us.”
“You got enough food for everyone?” Oceanna asked Fulton. “We’re more than you expected.”
Fulton disappeared into the kitchen and re-emerged with a large roast in a casserole dish surrounded by carrots and potatoes. 
“Sure do!” he said. “Didn’t know you were comin’, but Sunday is cook day. Made this up for a whole week, so we got plenty!” He sat it in the middle of the table.
When they were all seated, Fulton was at the head of the table next to Simi on his right. “Let us pray,” he said. 
They all held hands.
“Father, who is here with us today,” Fulton began, “you brought our son back—” Fulton’s voice choked a little.
Oceanna’s eyes weren’t entirely closed. She saw small tears forming at the corners of Fulton’s eyes.
“—our daughter—I’m so sorry—from the war, and—” he choked, “Thank you so very much. We thought we’d lost her. She was lost, and then she was found. She could have been killed, but you brought her back better than she was when she left, in your wisdom, Heavenly Father. In your wisdom, a way was found.
“And thank you, Father, for her friends who helped bring her home to us.” Fulton squeezed Hila’s hand on his left. “We’re thankful to you for everything! You’ve made this family whole again, we missed her so much. She’s back! I just can’t believe it. In Jesus’ name we pray.”
Fulton, Kathleen, Mason and Simi all said, “Amen” together.
The rest acknowledged the prayer in their own way to be supportive of friends.
“Miracles can sooooo change your life,” Kathleen said.
“My parents had trouble with me, too,” Harry said. “And my job and my friends.”
“Not in this house,” Fulton said. “She’s a miracle from God, and we’ll love her for the rest of her life. You, too, if you come around.”
“I’m Jewish,” Harry said, “And experienced. I’m no pushover for Sunday kindness.”
Fulton got up, went around to Harry—two to his right—hugged her from behind and kissed her on the head. “And you’ll have to put up with that here, too!”




CHAPTER

16


They had a joyous Sunday lunch. Way too much food was eaten, but with considerable satisfaction. People talked, asked questions of each other, made jokes, and got to know one another. Phone and address information was exchanged along with more than a few photos.


Later in the afternoon, they all stood in the front yard, saying goodbye.
“But Mom, I’m all grown up, now,” Simi protested. 
“You don’t have an apartment, yet, dear!” Kathleen said. “You can’t stay here?”
“Staying with me will be fine,” Harry said. “No rush on the apartment.”
“Okay, we can’t stop you,” Fulton said. “It’s just that you just got back here, and we don’t want you to go. When can we see some more of you?”
“You have a car?” Kathleen asked. “Oh, a bike. So you can come over all the time?”
“And you can come visit, too,” Simi said with a quick look at Harry.
“Sure,” Harry said.
“I live here, now, Mom, Dad. The San Francisco area is my home, now.” Simi hugged her parents. “But I’m back, and I’m okay.”
“It’s just over there,” Hila said, pointing across the bay. “My parents are a million miles farther.”
“And not as friendly?” Oceanna asked.
“I wish they’d visit,” Hila said, sadly.
“You can visit here, Hila,” Kathleen said. “You know where we are, now.”
Hila nodded.
“And Harry, you take care of our little girl?” Fulton asked.
“Like she was gold,” Harry said.
“Mason,” Fulton said, sticking his hand out for a shake. “You take care now, and come back and see us if you ever get this way again.”
“You bet. Good folks. Can’t get enough of those. Like to bring the family, too.”
“No problem,” Fulton said. “And if you do, you can all stay here in this house. No reason to pay the hotels. You can stay longer if you don’t buy them a new Mercedes.”
Mason smiled and nodded. “That’s true.”
“Oceanna, thank you for helping her, bringing her here,” Kathleen said.
They both teared as they hugged each other.
“I wish my parents were so accepting. You don’t know the hell we face when they don’t.”
“Yours weren’t?” Kathleen asked.
Oceanna shook her head. “Dad is gone, and I seem to still embarrass my mom.”
“That’s not your fault,” Fulton said. “No offense, but it’s hers.”

* * *

Mason and Oceanna sat with Hila on her third floor deck, enjoying together a dinner of spaghetti and garlic bread. The weather was perfect, again, not a breath of wind, and an area heater took the chill away.
They watched a movie on T.V.: “Goodbye Charlie,” with Tony Curtis and Debbie Reynolds. Debbie Reynolds plays a womanizing man who is killed in the beginning, and is miraculously reincarnated as a sexy, adult female. At first, she’s scared and disgusted, but she adjusts:

Tony Curtis runs into the room, worried, anxious.
Debbie Reynolds walks slowly into the room, enamored with her new, female body. Her top is partially unbuttoned. She almost caresses herself. “My, my—  Good ole Mother Nature. I don’t have to go see Brigitte Bardot movies any more. All I have to do is come home and pull down the shades.”

Hila paused the T.V. for a bit, telling Mason. “That’s autogynephilia.”
Oceanna nodded. “Of a sort, I guess.”
“What?” Mason asked.
“Loving to see yourself as female,” Hila said. “Like he’s doing—she, now. She’s getting into it, and it’s only been one night.”
Hila started the D.V.D. again.

On the T.V., Tony Curtis doesn’t know what to do with his friend. “What are you talking? Will you button your blouse!?”
Debbie Reynolds leaves it open. “It’s wild. I feel so darn, well, feminine.  In the bathroom, I had a sudden desire—came out of nowhere—to paint my toenails.”

Hila spoke over the movie. “I’ll have go to work early in the morning. But you two can stay, shower, have breakfast, whatever, then let yourselves out when you’re ready to go?”
“Thank you for putting us up, Hila,” Oceanna said.
“Can’t take off for Kingman this late in the day.”
Mason finished his spaghetti and turned in his deck chair to face Hila and Oceanna. “You two are good folks,” he said.
“Thanks,” they both said. 
“Honestly, I don’t think other folks know that—folks like we have back home,” Mason said. 
“That’s true,” Oceanna said. “Most people—straights, gays, almost anybody—won’t spend the time to get to know us.”
“I kinda wish something would happen to bring us together,” Mason said.
“This little thing, our gender expression, is enough to keep them away,” Hila said.
“Well, not little,” Oceanna said.
“Right. It’s a big part of who we are,” Hila said. “But it’s a little thing in society.”




CHAPTER

	17


Hila kissed the sleeping Oceanna on the cheek and rolled out of bed.


An hour later, Mason crept into their room. Hila was gone; Oceanna was alone.
“Time to get up, sleepy head,” Mason said.
Oceanna stirred.
“Got some miles to go, get all the way to Kingman today, I think.”
Oceanna began to rouse.
Mason went back to his own room to get dressed and sort his things.


Hila had set breakfast out for them:  eggs and bread, with a note on the fridge of suggestions inside.
Oceanna cooked in silence, put the eggs on plates. Poured some milk from the fridge.
Mason put both their bags by the front door in silence.
They both ate. 
Mason broke the silence.
“I feel sad,” he said.
“I feel it, too.”
“And why should I?” Mason asked. “All is well. I’m going home to a great family. You and Hila are great. Simi and Harry are great. Simi’s parents accept her—”
“Which blew the hell out of me,” Oceanna said.
“Yet I’m missing something,” Mason said.
Oceanna picked up their dishes, rinsed them, put them in the dishwasher.
“For me, it’s because this perfect weekend is over,” she said. “I think. It was like a big emotional hug to me the whole time, and now it’s over. Back to bigots, and Mom. I don’t want to label people as enemies, but, honestly, Kingman is like living behind enemy lines, for me. Hell, Los Angeles isn’t always a picnic, either.” Oceanna set the dishwasher to run and turned to face Mason, leaning on the counter top. “People claim they’re accepting,” she said, “but they’re really not. It’s superficial, politically correct or social-movement stuff.”
Mason lowered his head. “There’s a chronic loneliness in transfolks, isn’t there.” 
Oceanna nodded. “Once they get past the honeymoon, yes. Deeper than other minorities can grasp. You know as much trouble as gays have in this world? They have a huge social support system compared to ours, and the LGBT thing is for show a lot of the time. It’s thin, in real life, in most places. Others smile and say nice things to our faces, but don’t invite us over, or when they do, it’s for curiosity or show or to prove a personal point. Gays don’t usually want us close, on a personal level, if you want to be honest about it. Most trans don’t even like each other. A lot of transsexuals melt away and claim we’re not doing the same kind of thing they are—which maybe we’re not. 
“Doesn’t sound like an admission that would be P.C. these days,” Mason said. 
“It’s not. But ideas come and go, and things like Simi, though rare on a relative basis, do keep happening.”
“Are there transsexuals who do ally with transgenders?” 
“It’s confusing,” Oceanna admitted. “Because it isn’t just genital surgery. There are a lot of ways a person can choose to live with ‘traits of both,’ not just genitals, if you use binary thinking, which it seems most of the world do. They say ‘males’ and ‘females,’ as if those two sexes were distinct.”
“Well, they do seem to be real things.”
“What about intersex people? Genetic blends? Issues in utero? Body shape variations? A million kinds of transitions? What about all of us who don’t fit a mold like that binary ‘male’ and ‘female’ duality? What are we? That’s the problem with that ‘binary’ thinking.”
“But you can’t ask people to give up the truth that males and females are real groups,” Mason said. I mean, it’s the basis of our existence: reproduction—”
“—and my belief that gender is on a continuum is a transgender viewpoint, yeah, yeah.”
Oceanna crossed her arms. “I’ve been meaning to talk with you about something else. Are you Simi’s friend?
“Yes,” Mason said. “Of course. I’m yours, too.”
“Really a friend? Or one who says so for now but fades away.”
“Really, I feel,” Mason said. “I guess if you told me to get lost enough times, I’d leave, but—”
Oceanna held up her hands for him to stop. “Okay. But it’s exactly that that I need to share with you. Being a good friend out in the world—  Being a friend to a transperson can require some awareness that can help. I have to warn you about a problem, a dynamic that—isn’t crazy, but that muggles don’t expect.”
“What?” Mason asked, concerned.
“There may come a time when she ‘knows’ you’ve done her wrong, even when you may not have, and it could blow up, and you need to know how to navigate that storm.
“Simi is new. She’s full of her honeymoon effect, and she loves everything. But there may well come a day when she shuns you, for no reason you can see—”
“No, I don’t think she would—”
“Yes, she likely will.”
Mason looked at Oceanna as if disbelieving. “She seems pretty sound to me.”
“She is. But she will experience years or decades worth of those daily diminutions I talked about—”
“Yeah. Or dimunitions, the harder kind.”
“Right. And over time, they’ll build up in her heart. She may learn that people say they’re kind when they’re not, really, or that they talk behind her back or that they seem to,  or for no reason she can see they may—will—one day just quit being friends and leave. She may—will likely—learn to distrust friendships, including yours. If—  No. More likely when that happens, she may stop contacting you or even reject you outright. Even if you didn’t do anything. From some slight she sees in you, whether you did it or not, because it is similar to a real slight someone else actually did to her—or even just because she’s shutting down a little inside, to protect her fragile heart. It’ll be hard for her not to make that kind of association, because, while you do need to guard against paranoid, you should also get to a place in life where you begin to learn from your mistakes. Right?
“And you, on your end? You’re perking along fine loving her as a friend, you think everything is great, but she tells you off or disappears for no reason, and you don’t know what happened. And you’re thinking, ‘Well, she’s crazy any more,’ or ‘She truly doesn’t want me around any more.’
“So I’m telling you about it now for then.”
“Okay,” Mason said.
“When that happens—  What does it mean? What should you do?
“When that happens, she’s not emotionally unbalanced. She’s not crazy. She’s not ‘falsely accusing’ you, either. Well, she is, but it’s not like that—  She’s a good and sane person. It’s just that this can be the natural result of learning how people really do treat you—say one thing but do another—in a real, common, social experience of being this different.” Oceanna indicated herself.
“So what can I do?” Mason asked, genuinely concerned.
“That’s it,” Oceanna said. “When that day comes, when it happens—look for it—you’ve got to be there for her. I don’t know if I’ll be able to.”
“Why not?” Mason asked.
“Dude, because I’m sixty-three. And we’re talking about something that may be years or decades away.”
“Oh. I forgot. So what should I do, anyway?” Mason asked.
“Well, first, at this time, even when she still knows you’re friends, if you say you’re going to do something, keep your word. Value her and include her in your life, and include yourself in her life. Doesn’t need to be every day, but it needs to be consistent. Be a reliable friend.”
“I’d do all that, anyway,” Mason said.
“I think you would. But unlike most people, she’s got the problem—whether she knows it or not—of being a very different person many people will be false to. So you may need to accent this stuff. Always be a good friend. Always be reliable. Always tell her the truth, also, even if it hurts—gently, for sure, but don’t lie to her, ever. Never. Even about something she does wrong or right, or about her appearance, anything. So that later, when she questions things that were false from others, she’ll be able to admit you’ve been honest and true.” Oceanna smiled. “And when you do, hit her over the head with kindness at the same time. It’s not always easy to figure out what you should say or do, but you just continue being there with her as a friend. And it helps to admit now and then that you don’t know what to do, but that you’re trying to be helpful.
“And second,”
“Okay,” Mason said, paying attention.
“Especially when that time comes that she rejects you or leaves, also always be there for her even then. When she crashes—be it ten years from now, twenty, or thirty—be there for her. When she melts down, when she tells you you’re a horrible or mean or self-centered, when she does something very wrong or annoying, when she tells you to get lost, or even when she just stops returning your phone calls, be there for her. It’s not personal. It’s part of dealing with life when you’re that different. So come back. Be persistent. Give her some breathing room, then re-invite her to something. Be a friend who understands she is a good person who is dealing with a hard life, and the lousy way people will often treat her. That’s all. 
“When I get ahold of her for a quiet talk, I’ll also tell her:  When she decides at some time you’ve been horrible to her, when she believes it in her heart, when she ‘knows’ it with all her mind, she needs to make a focused effort to be gentler than she thinks she should—because you may have been good, only seemed to have been hurtful, when you were really operating in a normally good way as you might with other people. Which is the problem, because she’s not normal. She’ll know you need to be slammed. And maybe you do? Maybe you will hurt her sometime? People make mistakes. But it’s also very likely that it just feels that way to her, and she needs to take it easy with you.” 
Oceanna smiled at him, threw her paper towel in the trash and headed for the door. “So, what do you think you’ll be able to do?”
Mason looked worried but confident. “Where there’s a will there’s a way. Thanks for the heads up. I just happen to know her parents, too. Please don’t worry; I’ll stand with her.”




	CHAPTER

18


Mason closed the door to Hila’s house and locked it with her key. He tried the door; it wouldn’t open—locked shut, a barrier against good times within. He stared at the door a second.
 “We can come back, any time,” Oceanna told him. “I’m texting Hila, telling her we’re leaving.”
Mason nodded. He pushed Hila’s key under the door, back inside, and they turned to head to their bikes on the short driveway.
“Oh, I have to pee,” Oceanna said to him.
“What? I just—”
“Kidding!” Oceanna slapped him on the arm.
“Ha,” he said back to her. “Good thing. I can see what kind of trip this is gonna be,” he teased her in return.
Mason stuffed his small bag in his right saddlebag, and Oceanna stuffed hers in her left. They both opened up their boot and put on their riding jackets.
Mason sat on his bike sidesaddle, temporarily, turned it on and played with his G.P.S. 
Oceanna’s 2011 Ultra Limited did not have G.P.S. 
“Long drive back,” Mason said. “619 miles from here. About nine hours.”
Oceanna blew out a little air. “I’ll do my best, but I bet I peter out by five or six. I’m a little tired after this weekend. You could go on if you wanted to, though.”
“We’ll take it as we go,” he said. “No problem.” He took out his cell phone and called his wife, filling her in.
“Just be safe,” Derie said to him from the other end. “Don’t wreck because you’re pushing it. Get back here in one piece.”
“Okay,” Mason said. “See you maybe tomorrow. Not sure yet. It really has been a great trip—memorable as the dickens. Take me a long time to share it all—” Mason turned to Oceanna, “I can tell it all?” he asked her.
“Yep,” Oceanna said, nodding. “As far as I know. They’re open about it.”
Mason turned back to his phone. “Tell Jason ‘hi,’ and that Daddy has good stories for him, okay? Love you.”
He smiled into the phone, hung up, put it into his pocket, and sat on his bike looking at the day. “It’s beautiful,” he said to Oceanna, who was sitting on her bike beside him. “Couldn’t ask for better weather for a good ride.”
“That’s for sure,” Oceanna said. 
The sky was blue overhead, with remnant stratus clouds to the west. It was cool to the skin, but not cold.
“It’s been a nice stay here,” Mason said. “Lets make it a nice trip home as well.”
He held out his hand.
Oceanna slapped it smartly.
They both went to the rear of their bikes.
“You might want some of these for the wind noise,” Mason said, giving Oceanna a couple of ear plugs.
“Thanks.”
Oceanna carefully squished the earplug into a smooth cylinder, not kinking it, which would let noise through, then pulled her ear back a half an inch and inserted the entire thing into her right ear canal. Same for the left.
Mason did the same.
They both removed a helmet from the boot, put on their helmets then riding gloves, closed the boot, mounted and started their bikes. They both had stock pipes on their Harleys—not too loud—but the throaty rumble echoed off surrounding homes nonetheless.
They both plugged in their sound-system cables: one connection above the gas tank, the other on the left side of the helmet.
The 2014 Ultra Limited wasn’t all that different in general layout from the 2011, so they looked like the—one amber and one blue—Bobbsey Twins, from a distance.
“Channel one?” Oceanna called out to him.
Mason nodded back.
The right lane of Van Ness Avenue became the 101 South, which immediately became 80 East. Mason took the left tire track of the Number One lane, and Oceanna took, the right track, staggered a few lengths behind Mason. Mason led, because he had the G.P.S., and neither one of them were all that familiar with freeways in the area.
“Look at the skyscrapers up Market St.,” Oceanna said on her C.B. to Mason. “Where the parade was.” 
Mason turned to look left. They were beautiful. He turned to look right as well. He pressed his push-to-talk switch. “And there’s AT&T Park.”
San Francisco fell behind them as they rolled over the Oakland Bay Bridge.
Mason touched the screen on his Ultra Limited to set the sound system to “Media” and selected his iPod’s easy playlist. The first song on the list was “Find Yourself,” by Brad Paisley:

“When you find yourself
In some far off place
And it causes you
To rethink some things …”

Brad’s gentle wisdom floated over the world and seemed to harmonize through Mason’s soul as he rode. For a while, he thought and felt, reflected, hearing the music, a little wind noise that wasn’t filtered, his steady 2700 R.P.M. bass roar.
He thought about his new friends—  How could it be that he had them now? How could it be that he never had them before?
Circumstance. He’d been in Kingman, and then the Marines—  No, they were right. It was probably always around him, but he never noticed.
How did those people feel, not being noticed?
Was that by their design?
And was it lonely for them, anyway?
Through Oakland and Livermore to the 580 South, Mason sorted through everything that had happened in the previous three days and wondered how his family were doing back in Kingman.
Push it, were his natural thoughts, but he forced Be safe! messages into his mind. It’s a long trip, and it isn’t over yet. Get home safely. Watch where you’re riding.
With gentle pushes on his right or left handlebar, he guided his Harley precisely where it should be. He knew from long years of riding that there was benefit in practicing precision:  If his mind ever wandered for even a second, if he didn’t automatically do the right thing, if he didn’t hold his bike in exactly the right spot even without thinking, he could wind up off the road in a ditch, and at 70 or 80, that was no place to be.
So he held it, left tire track of lane number one, just “inboard”—toward the center—of the left tire track by two inches. That was his perfect spot. Didn’t want to be in the center, to keep his distance from trucks and cars and because his tires may pick up a little oil left by unthinking cars, yet wanted as much buffer as he could get between the ditch and himself. If he were in lane number two of two lanes, he’d take it two inches inboard of the right tire track. Same thing. And if he were somewhere in-between, on a multilane road, he’d go where-ever he needed to avoid cars.
But at the moment, he was in lane number one, two inches inboard of the center of the left tire track.
Tiny push here on the right handlebar, guided the beast to the right; a tiny push on the left handlebar guided to the left.
He remembered when he thought that was counterintuitive. Pushing on the right, ought to take the bike to the left, right? Or create an imbalance that would crash the bike. But it didn’t.
It was a tiny push, and what happened, he knew, was a tiny push on the right handgrip would turn the front wheel very slightly to the left, but that would cause the bike to lean a tiny bit to the right, and the weight of the bike pulled the front tire then to the right, causing the tiny turn to the right.
Even paying close attention, the very brief front tire turn to the left was virtually imperceptible, the bike’s reactions were so sharp.
So a biker, sitting on the bike on the road, could very precisely position the bike.
Three inches inboard of the left tire track—
Mason pushed slightly on the left grip, and the bike corrected to two inches inboard of the left tire track.
Weight is your friend, in touring bikes.
He checked his mirror and saw Oceanna there behind him, in the right tire track.


They pulled off I-5 in the southern end of the San Joaquin Valley to refuel, stood beside their bikes while they did so to stretch their legs.
“I’m going in to the bathroom a sec,” Oceanna told him.
“Me, too,” he said.
They re-parked their bikes by the store and went inside.
“Ladies room?” Oceanna asked the clerk.
The clerk looked at her suspiciously and indicated the bathroom keys.
Oceanna took the ladies room key and went that way.
“You gonna let that happen?” a man in the store told the clerk, who looked at him helplessly.
“Nothin’ I can do about it, man,” he said.
“Nothing needs doing,” Mason said, taking the men’s key for himself.


They got as far as Barstow when Oceanna called it quits.
“I’ve got to stop,” she said to Mason over the C.B. “It’s been just over six hours and I’m beat.”
“Sure,” Mason said.
They pulled into a motel to stay for the night.


“One bed or two,” the clerk asked.
“Two,” Oceanna said.


Oceanna plopped her bag on her bed, and Mason sat his on a table next to his.
Oceanna dropped on her bed to rest.


Tuesday morning at dawn they rode east on I-40 past Ludlow. 
This time, Oceanna was in the lead with Mason staggered behind her, as no G.P.S. guidance was needed. I-40 East would take them across the rest of California, through Needles, and on up into Arizona to Kingman.
“This is the best time of day to make this part of the trip,” Mason told her over the C.B. “Weather Channel says it’ll get to a hundred and ten, out here in the desert later today, or more like down by the state line.”
“Great,” Oceanna said. “Because it’s sooooooo good right now.”
Mason pressed a button on his 2014 Ultra Limited. “My bike says It’s all of seventy-eight, right now. But we should be in Kingman before it gets very hot.”
The sun melted like molten gold over the landscape ahead.
“Would you look at that,” Mason said. 
“The most beautiful sunrise I’ve ever seen.”
Mason had used some black electrical tape to make a couple of lines across the top of their face shields, which came in handy. Both of them lowered their heads against the sun to block out the glare.




	CHAPTER

19


On the freeway as they approached Kingman, they said so long on the radio to each other and waved. Mason peeled off to the exit on the right to go to the feed store. Oceanna continued on to her mom’s house. 
Mason rode up to the front of his store and got off his bike.
The parking lot was empty.
Bugs all over the front of his bike, he stowed his helmet, jacket, gloves, in the boot, put on his cowboy hat like God meant, pulled his ear plugs out and dropped them into a waste can, and went inside. His boots clomped on the wooden floor.
“Mason!” Derie jumped at him from an aisle where she had been stocking.
“Daddy,” Jason said running with his mom.
They had a three-way hug.
“It’s been so long,” Mason said.
“Five days,” Derie said.
“Four and a half,” four-year-old Jason said, holding up his fingers.
“And there’s so much stuff to tell! I don’t know how we got so much done in that time. Lets go to lunch, and I’ll tell you all about it. You won’t believe half of it.”
“Did you have a nice trip?” four-year-old Jason asked.
“I did! And you’ll like it. We saw San Francisco, a million people, hundreds of motorcycles, and the biggest bridge you ever saw!”
“This big?” Jason spread his arms.
“Exactly!” Mason said back to him, reflecting his enthusiasm. “So big I thought it took a whole day to cross!”
“A whole day?” Jason asked.
“Well, it seemed like it,” Mason said. “Lets go have lunch and talk about it.”
Derie looked worried. “I brought lunch, honey.”
“Okay. Great.” Mason picked his son, Jason, up and held him. “Then lets picnic right here.” He looked around. “Where is everyone?” he asked. “Seems kind of dead around here.”
Derie looked around on reflex, though she ‘d been there the whole time.
Mason sat his son back down on the floor and walked up the horse aisle a little, looking. The shelving was low enough for him to see over all of them. He walked over and looked out the back door, out the front door, again, at the empty parking lot, then back to Derie.
He could see the worried look in her face.
“No, honey,” Mason said to her. “It’ll be okay. They’re God’s people.” 
“The transpeople?” Derie asked.
“Everyone.” He went back over to her, giving her a big hug. “Come on. We’ll have our sack lunch tonight, but today, we got to celebrate. We’re going over to the steakhouse and have us a great lunch. I’ll invite Osh to join us—”
“Mason?” Derie’s worried look persisted.
“Why not, Derie?” Mason asked her.

* * *

A tired Oceanna rolled her Harley into her mother’s driveway and sat on her bike. She didn’t even try to open the garage door.
The neighbor, Stephen, was in his front yard watering dry spots in the grass with a hose. He looked at Oceanna, but didn’t wave.
Oceanna looked at him through the face shield on her helmet and exhaled, slowly getting off her bike and standing beside it, removing her jacket.
Oceanna’s phone rang in her pants pocket. She laid the jacket on the seat of the Harley and reached for her phone, thumbing it to accept a call. 
She put the phone inside her helmet, between her left ear and the helmet’s padding.

* * *

Mason, Derie, Oceanna and Jason sat in a booth at the steak house for an hour and a half eating, drinking ice tea, and talking none too quietly about experiences in San Francisco.
Other people noticed and began to pay attention.
The ice tea helped Oceanna revive.
“Hi, Jerry,” Mason said, waiving to another table. “It was a great trip. I highly recommend it—though bring your wife’s credit cards. The Marriott there is nice but a little expensive. They charged us forty-five dollars a night just to park the bikes. For a little spot.”
“But it’s primo,” Oceanna said, “right there by the door.”
“True,” Mason said.
Mason paid more attention to people at other tables. “It’s right there near the attendants. No valet parking needed.”
Derie began to see what Mason was doing and helped. “So one time when you walked out the hotel, there were a thousand bikes riding on the street?”
Mason nodded, but told the people at the other table. “Bicycles—the kind you have to pedal with actual muscle. Seemed like a thousand. They just kept going and going.”
“And some of them were nude,” Oceanna said.
“Women, too?” another man asked her.
“Actually, Kelly,” Mason said. “I think it was only men. Two of them, I think, that I saw.”
“I saw three—” Oceanna said.
“—so it may have been four?” Jerry asked.
Mason nodded. “Or more.”
“A gay bike ride?” Jerry asked.
Mason and Oceanna looked at each other. 
“I don’t know,” Mason said, confirming with Oceanna by the look on his face. “Just men that I saw.”
“I assume women could go, but it’s not my ride,” Oceanna said. “I just didn’t’ see any.”
“Circumcised or not?” Jerry asked.
The woman next to Kelly slapped Jerry’s arm. “Jerry! We’re at lunch. The kids!”
Everyone looked at the two kids who were with them.
The girl was eating; the boy was playing a video game on a tablet.
“I know what that is,” nine-year-old Debbie said with a know-it-all smirk.
“How do you know that?” Hannah asked her daughter.
“Internet,” she answered. “It’s Kingman. It’s not hell.”
“Mark?” Kelly asked the six-year-old boy.
“What?” Mark asked, never taking his eyes off his game.
“So what was it?” Jerry asked again.
“The ones I saw weren’t circumcised,” Oceanna said, looking to Mason for conformation.
Mason nodded.
Jed walked into the restaurant, followed by Frank. They stood none-too-happy near the lot of them.
Mason noticed, but stayed with the conversation. “But that was just that bike parade. There was so much, you’ve never seen anything like it. The whole town puts on the dog. We rode in two parades, really.” Mason said.
Oceanna looked at him. 
“The Dyke March—” Oceanna said.
“Well, and the Trans March,” Mason said. “Maybe it was—  If I count ‘marches’ as a parade? Not sure.”
“This one I get,” Jed said, referring to Oceanna. “But you, Mason? Did you have to wear a pink ribbon or anything to be there?”
Mason didn’t take the bait. “It’s still a bunch of people making their way down the street,” he said to the table.
“Maybe a parade has floats,” Hannah said.
Mason pointed at her as correct. “Okay, then: We were in one ‘parade’ and two marches. But we had a string of bikes in the Dyke March, as well. Look at this.” 
 Mason dug out his phone and moved to sit at their table. He began showing them pictures.
People from another table moved to stand nearby and look as well.
Jed and Frank gawked at everyone.
“See here?” Mason showed them on his phone. “I don’t know anything official, but it looked like there may have been a hundred thousand people in Dolores Park—look at that! You can’t even see the grass, the people are so thick. And here’s the Trans March.”
People got closer to Mason’s phone.
“Where—” Frank said. “Go back.”
Jed asked, “What is that?”
Mason flipped back and used his fingers to enlarge the photo of a transwoman.
“Is that a man or a woman?” Jed asked.
Mason looked at it a bit, as if he wasn’t put out with Jed. “You know I don’t know.” He showed the photo to Oceanna, who had no idea, either.
Oceanna said, “Sometimes, that’s the goal, sometimes.” 
Jed’s smirk was obvious. “You mean, they don’t want to be either a man or a woman?”
“Or both,” Oceanna said to him with a forced a smile and a sarcastic tone. “Some people don’t like to be boxed in by what they see as an old-fashioned, binary stereotype.”
“Neither or both?” Jed laughed.
Frank laughed with him. “So, what then? Maybe they can have sex with themselves!”
“Probably each other,” Jed said. “Because no one else will want to.”
Mason stood between them and Oceanna. “That’ll be enough, you guys.”
Jed faced him. “Mason! I don’t know if you’re a faggot. You have kids, but you went to that fag town. But you’re actually gonna stand up for these—people? Do you think these,” Jed pointed to Oceanna, “are actually real people who deserve respect? Panties and all? Is that what you think?”
The waitress and the cashier both overheard and began to pay attention.
Mason indicated Oceanna. “’People’ is right, Jed. Frank. You two up front! They’re people. As real as anybody. And yes, they do deserve respect.” Mason’s tone was hard and his stare was threatening, when he finished. “Are you sayin’ you don’t get it?”
Jed backed up a little, looked at the others present.
“Is that what you all think, too?” Jed asked everyone.
“Yes,” Frank said back to him. 
The others remained quiet and looked at him.
Jed looked a little caught off guard, embarrassed. “I do not believe what’s happened to you, Mason.”
Jed stood to leave, with Frank behind him, but didn’t go far.
The server went back to her work. 
The cashier went to the kitchen.
“This is why I don’t like to eat in hostile places,” Oceanna said to Mason.
“It’s no problem,” Mason said, a quick look at the cook. He returned to showing pictures to people at the table and mentioned one of them to Oceanna.
“This one you don’t know well, Osh. She’s Susan,” Mason introduced. “She works over at the grocery store. Not everyone has a four-by-four up her butt.”
Susan smiled at Oceanna.
“I remember,” Oceanna said. She extender her hand for a shake and got one.
“And what is it you want to be?” Susan asked Oceanna.
“Susan!” Derie said.
“I didn’t mean to offend,” Susan said, patting Oceanna’s hand. “Honestly! But I’m not sure!”
“It’s okay,” Oceanna said, turning to Susan. “Me?” Oceanna thought. “In my younger years, I’d have sworn ‘woman,’ but in my older years—I don’t know. Maybe ‘neither’? It’s not a goal to be neither, but I kind of drifted there, I guess. I’m just me.”
“How does that work?” Jerry asked.
Oceanna shrugged. “I—  My designation is female, but I know I’m not, really. Biologically. It all just kind of settled into place years ago while I adjusted to life.”
“What bathroom do you use?” Kelly asked.
Hannah slapped him on the shoulder or that, even harder than she had slapped Jerry’s.
“What is it with you, today?” Kelly asked, rubbing his shoulder.
“Be nice, both of you!” Hannah said.
“It’s what we’re talking about!” Kelly answered.
“Women’s,” Oceanna said.
“But you’re not really female?” little Debbie asked.
“Not here,” Oceanna said, indicating her lower body. “But my social identity is ‘woman.’”
“So you’re in the women’s room with a penis?” Hannah asked.
Oceanna nodded. “I guess. Most transgenders won’t admit that, though. Like, also in the men’s room without one. Why should it matter?”
“Why are you—neither?” Hannah asked.
Oceanna shrugged. “For the last few years, I’ve gotten tired of all the pretending, the effort to match a stereotype—and the issue in me doesn’t feel as strong as it used to.”
People looked like they were absorbing this.
“And,” Oceanna continued, “I think I feel empowered by Mason, here.”
Mason smiled and showed more pictures on his phone. People crowded around to look. “These, here, are the Trans March. Here’s Turk and Taylor streets—which was an incident back in the ‘60s, but it became something that helped gain trans-people rights, so they march to it. From Dolores Park to there.” 
“And these pictures, here, are of the game,” Mason showed them.
“What game?” Kelly asked.
“The Giants game,” Oceanna said. 
“You went to see the Giants?” Jerry asked Mason. Turning to Oceanna he said, “But you’re a queen!”
Half of them gasped.
Oceanna put on a distinct smirk, and looked at him without saying a word.
Mason continued. “Yeah, we did. It was her, me, Hila—a crossdresser we met in the Trans March—and Simi.”
Mason flipped through his phone to show them pix.
“Oh my God,” Jed said, standing still.
“Simi?” Jerry asked.
“A transsexual friend of Osh’s who came here from Maryland. She was here last Thursday evening. She just got out of the Army. Was a helicopter pilot—”
“They let transsexuals fly Army helicopters?” Kelly asked.
“I don’t think so?” Mason looked at Oceanna and back to the table of people with whom he was sitting. “But she switched after she got out. Messy business, because she was a P.O.W. over in Afghanistan. But she’s okay, in spite of that.”
“And Hila is from Afghanistan, too,” Derie said. “See, Mason: I listen. Sometimes.”
“And here,” Mason skipped way ahead on his phone, is when we went with Simi to meet her parents.” Mason leaned into his friends in mock conspiracy and spoke quietly. “They didn’t know anything about it.”
Alarm went through the tables.
“Johnny comes back from the war and he’s a girl!” Jerry said.
“It’s true,” Jed said. “I met her before.”
Oceanna corrected. “Actually, her parents were happy to see her, and they said they had known all along that Simi had this in her. They just didn’t know what to do about it.”
“I wouldn’t either,” Hannah said, looking at her two children.
“And here are some pix of the parade,” Mason said, flipping his phone back to them.”
“I just see bikes,” Jerry said.
“Because that’s all we saw, too.” Mason said. “We were four Harleys in the group of some three to four hundred, and all we saw was ourselves lined up—and then when we got rolling, all we saw were the bikes in front of us and a million people lining the street cheering for us.” He turned to Derie. “That’s something to experience.”
“I’m considering it,” Derie said. “You could carry Jason on the back of your hog.”
“You lesbian, Derie?” Jerry asked.
“You’d really like to?” Mason asked Derie, ignoring Jerry.
“If I can borrow a little scooter when we get there,” Derie said. “Does it have to be a Harley—  Ah! How could the three of us ride there all on your bike? Maybe need to find a sitter for Jason.”
“No problem. There were all kinds of anything on two or three wheels there.” Mason laughed. “Even this one thing that looked like it used to be a meter-maid bike? Or something Peter Sellers would drive out of a Pink Panther movie.”
Oceanna laughed. “There you go: It must be a gay movie, if it’s pink. But I’ll tell you, if you want to go sometime, Derie, I’ll go, too, if you like.”
“That’d be great,” Derie said. 
Mason thumbed his phone and moved back to his table to sit by his wife.
“Oh my God,” Oceanna said. “We’ll turn the whole Pride thing into a family event.”




CHAPTER

	20


Two carloads of people in the parking lot watched as Oceanna and Mason’s family emerged from the restaurant. Jed and Frank stood by one of them.

* * *

Oceanna rode her blue hog back to her mother’s house. This time, she used a remote in her motorcycle jacket pocket to open the garage door. It rose, she entered, and she closed it behind her.


She opened the door that lead into the kitchen, from the garage, and looked around, listened.
It seemed quiet, as it should. Her mother’s furnishings seemed undisturbed.
She stepped inside and closed the door behind her, listening some more.
There was the sound of a clock on the living room wall, just loud enough to be heard from there. She heard the refrigerator humming, but nothing else.
She looked more closely, as was her habit, and everything seemed the same as it was five days earlier when she left for San Francisco.
Her phone rang in her pocket again. She startled: “Jesus!”
She pulled the phone out of her pants pocket. “Hila,” Oceanna said with a smile into the phone. “Yes, we’re here, all safe, if not so sound.” Oceanna walked over in front of the stairs to peer up them. “I just got home, and I’m looking the place over. Kingman isn’t San Francisco, but even if I were in L.A., I’d still check it out.” 
Pause
“Yeah, I don’t know,” Oceanna said on the phone, her voice bouncing off walls that were too still. “Maybe nine or ten hours in total. Yes, actually, it’s getting hot outside.”
Pause.
“Listen: Thank you for your hospitality, out there. You were very nice to us.” Pause. “Yes, you’re welcome here any time. Just show up. I’m not going anywhere, for the foreseeable future. Mom’s in a nursing home. In fact, I’d be pleased if you were here.” Oceanna began creeping up the stairs, looking through the bannister to the floor above. “This place gives me the creeps.”
Pause.
“Okay, love. You, too.”
Oceanna hung up her phone and put it back in her pocket.
The house returned to mortuary stillness.
Oceanna crept up the rest of the stairs and peeked into each bedroom, closets, the bathroom, the master bathroom, finding nothing.
She sat alone on the edge of the bed and collapsed back onto it.

* * *

While Jason played in a corner of the school cafeteria, Derie worked with four other people on the 4th of July arrangements, including with Madam Mayor, Cori Sable.
“So we’ve gotten a lot done here lately,” Mayor Cori said. “We got the band set—I still don’t believe we got Journey—”
“I know!” Irena was ecstatic.
“Haven’t been able to control her for the last month,” her husband, Gary, said.
The committee agreed. Journey was a real coup.
“And they’re coming here!” Irena said.
“Yeah, yeah,” Evans said. “That happens when they arrive.”
“She’s just excited is all,” his wife, Kim, said to him.
“To put it mildly,” Gary said. “I have to live with her—”
Irena could barely hold still.
“Fee at the gate?” Derie asked.
“Yes,” Mayor Cori said. “Ten dollars a head at these two intersections.” She showed them on the map of the neighborhood. “We feed people in through there, park them in the Fair Grounds lots there and there—no fee for parking. This ain’t the Big City. And let them roam.”
People around the table seemed pleased.
“This ‘a be the biggest 4th of July festival we’ve ever had,” Mayor Cori said. “The concert is over here in the park—  Got sparkling lights in the trees?”
“Yup,” Evans, a large man at the far end of the table, said in his big ole Tennessee accent. “Thousands. Make the place look like Disneyland.”
“The carnival is going on over here in the fairgrounds,” Mayor Cori continued, “and fireworks at nine o’clock—enough to make Francis Scott Key stand up and pray.”
“I am so amazed?” Derie asked it like a question.
“Working like slaves,” Kim said.
“Mason’s trip didn’t help get this done,” Evans said.
“He’s not organizing this as much as I am,” Derie said. “I’ve been on the phone constantly. Him being gone didn’t matter for this.”
Little Jason, oblivious to the meeting, screamed and slammed a truck into a wall.
“So Journey is still locked in, then?” Derie asked.
Irena smiled broadly. “I can’t believe it.”
“Yeah,” Gary said. “Still locked in. They’re still coming.” He looked at his wife, Irena. “I can’t believe it, either.”
“He wouldn’t let me talk with them on the phone,” Irena said.
“Because we need to be professional, not act like school children,” Gary said.
“I am!” Irena said.
“The lighting’s already set up,” Derie said. “House lights, ‘lime’ lights. Sound board two hundred feet out in the audience. We have two spot lights, already in position—”
“Nobody ‘ll steal them?” Gary asked. He used to be a police officer, so it was natural for him to wonder.
“This is Kingman, Gary,” Evans said. “We hang thieves around here.”
“Timothy McVeigh was from here, was he?” Gary said, in reference to the Oklahoma City bombing of 1995. “For a while?”
“And we hung him,” Evans said.
“Well, the needle,” Kim corrected her husband.
Derie continued. “We have tarps over the equipment to protect them from morning dew. No problem.”
Irena chimed in. “Seating is ‘standing-room,’ where ever people can get to, and it’s okay for people to bring their own wine or cheese or fried chicken or potato salad.”
“And food vendors,” Derie said. “I’ve got most of that set up. People love to buy food on site. We have two booths up.”
Gary thought. “The band, lighting, seating sound—  Microphones?”
Derie answered. “There are five of them in the band, and we have six mikes set up, just in case. They’re gathered under one tarp, right now, but quick to set up. And we have speakers set up that’ll make folks from the next three counties deaf, if we turn ‘em up.”
“Ah,” Evans asked. “What about drums? They probably bring their own guitars—” He pronounced it GIT-tars. “But they gotta have drums.”
“I called,” Gary said. “They bring their own.”
“They know we’re amateurs, don’t they?” Derie asked.
“Yeah,” Gary said. “I talked with Neal, myself—”
“Jesus, you talked with Neal?” Derie asked.
“Neal?” Evans asked.
“Guitar,” Kim said.
“—and he knows we’re new at this,” Gary said. “We’re a small venue for them, but he said they liked to do that sometimes to get closer to people.”
“Oh, that is so beautiful,” Kim said.
Mayor Cori reached over to pat Kim’s hand in a friendly way. “I know.” She covered her face in her hands for a second. “I am so amazed.”

* * *

Oceanna’s mother’s “home” was, currently, an assisted living facility, that also had a “memory unit” and a skilled nursing facility attached, as may be needed by some patients. It was a nice place, on the face of it: nice building, nice gardens, nice view.
Oceanna noticed she was being followed as she drove there. She parked and walked in through the heavy double doors at the front, past the reception counter. “Good morning, Sarah,” she said to the nurse on hand.
Sarah was on the phone. “Okay, Jed,” she said, loudly enough for Oceanna to hear. She waited a second before hanging up the phone. “Good morning, Osh,” she said with a weak smile.
Oceanna looked up a couple of hallways and then entered the day room. No mother. She walked over to the back door and pushed the large button for the electric doors—wide enough for wheel chair access. The doors swung open, and Oceanna walked out onto the patio.
Oceanna’s mom was there, in her private wheel chair, sitting among a small group of others in the shade of a near-by tree. None of them were talking.
“Mom!” Oceanna said to her.
No answer.
“Mom?” Oceanna asked.
No answer.
Oceanna bent over her mother to look more closely. Her hair was combed, but in a little disarray. Her eyes were unfocused. She was breathing regularly. Her bottom lip sagged, and a little saliva was leaking down the side of her chin. Her mother was not having a good day. That was common, any more. Rare was the day when her mother was lucid.
There were some napkins tucked under her mom’s right leg, inside the wheelchair. Oceanna took one and wiped her mom’s chin and mouth.
“Mom, this is Osh. I’m back from San Francisco. It was a great trip. I’m back from San Francisco. It was a great trip.” Oceanna repeated sentences to her mom, hoping her mother may understand on some level. “I’ll tell you all about it over the next few days.”
The look on her mom’s face very subtly changed from a blank, non-expression to one that almost seemed one of worry.
Oceanna tried to soften it. “I’m back from San Francisco. It was very nice, Mom. Good people, and a good friend reunited with her parents, who missed her a lot. And they were glad she’s home again. It’s nice when families love each other. I love you, Mom. I love you, Mom.”
Her mother said nothing, didn’t move.
“Let me go talk with the nurses, Mom. I’ll be back. I’m gonna go talk with the nurses. I’ll be right back.”
Oceanna walked to a nurse’s station and asked about her mom.
“I’m sorry,” Sarah said. “But we haven’t been able to locate your medical power of attorney, lately.”
“You’ve had it for a year,” Oceanna sad. “You should have it in her file.”
“I know,” said Sarah, “but it’s not there now. Could you bring in another copy, please?”
“She’s my mother, and you know that.”
Sarah looked a little guilty but was unmoved.
“Where’s the administrator,” Oceanna said. She walked toward the administration offices. 
“Madelaine isn’t there at the moment,” Sarah said, running after Oceanna.
“Where is she?” Oceanna said.
“She’s out.”
“Then who’s second in command?” Oceanna said. “I’ll talk with her.”
“I’m afraid it’s me,” Sarah said.
“I don’t think so, Sarah,” Oceanna said. “I think you’re lying to me.”
“Don’t cause trouble, Osh, or I’ll have to call the police.”


Osh walked into a diner. People stared at her. She looked left at the people and the walls. She looked right. She looked toward the kitchen. The people were, by her standards, rustic: country, boots, tennis shoes, jeans, some cowboy hats, some plaid shirts. One T-shirt with a pack of cigarettes rolled up in a sleeve—thank God he didn’t have a cigarette behind his hear.
The cook stopped cooking to stare at Oceanna, who was standing in the doorway. He spit into a trashcan.
Oceanna made a concerted effort to keep a dispassionate face and looked around more.
No crossdressers. No transgenders. Not even any gays, that Oceanna could see, though they had to be there, some.
“Seat yourself,” a server said as she walked by, arms full of plates, on her way to a table.


Oceanna stood on a street corner by a grocery store and looked around.
It must have been a hundred degrees outside—baking hot.
She held a hand up to her eyes to shade them and looked up one street and down another.
No bicycles. Nobody walking on the sidewalk. Nothing friendly from anywhere. A few people getting out of or into cars, a few cars driving slowly on the streets. A street light that changed only when it had to, and when it did, its colors didn’t vary off the norm.


Later in the afternoon, Oceanna sat in her doctor’s examination room, in a chair beside the exam table. 
The doctor walked in.
“Thank you for taking me, Sam. I just wanted to be near someone nice.”
“What’s wrong?” Sam asked her.
Oceanna looked defeated. “And I was having such a good week.”

* * *

“You can’t make me do this, Wajia,” Asfand said. “I am a man! The head of the family!”
The street was busy, crowded with people talking, maneuvering, trying to get somewhere.
“Yes, you are the boss,” Wajia said. “Now get on the bus!”

* * *

Mason ran a fork lift at their feed store, arranging bales of different kinds of hay out back. He was sweating like a sieve, but he had a cup holder rigged on his fork lift. He took a drink of cold lemon aide and ran his forks into another pallet, lifted it high overhead.
“Global warming is such a pain!” he said to himself.

* * *

Oceanna went to the a gay bar in town—  
—Oh! No, she didn’t. 
Because there weren’t any. 
Or none she was yet aware of.
One in ten people were gay, everywhere? There were nine on the U.S. Supreme Court, so there might almost be one there, too. Where the hell were the gay bars?
She consulted her smart phone.
Las Vegas—a hundred and three miles away.

* * *

Simi met Harry when she opened the door of their apartment and wrapped her in a loving embrace, kissing her warmly on the lips—

* * *

Kathleen looked out the window of their home toward Oakland across the bay. The bay was lovely, but no one was there. “She hasn’t called me all day! Where is she?”
Fulton shook his head in disbelief at his worrying wife. “She called twice yesterday, so it averages out? Twenty bucks says she calls tomorrow before breakfast.”
Kathleen wasn’t pacified. 
Fulton picked up his T.V. remote and fiddled with it. “Maybe she went grocery shopping. Sometimes you gotta go grocery shopping—”
Kathleen looked astonished at her husband. “Then she could call me and talk with me about it! I know a lot of good things to cook! And she’s cooking for someone else, too! What do they like to eat?

* * *

Simi led Harry by the hand toward the bedroom.

* * *

Fulton did his best: “Maybe she went shopping for a vibrator—”
“Not the kind that use triple As,” Kathleen said. “Not enough power.”

* * *

Oceanna drove her mother’s car into her mother’s driveway and got out. 
The neighbor, Stephen, was standing out front, again, using an umbrella as a parasol against the blistering sun, spot-watering his lawn.
“Hello, Stephen,” Oceanna said.
“Hi,” Stephen said back to her. “Thank you for bringing my trashcans back in.”
“I didn’t, this week,” Oceanna said. “I was on a trip to San Francisco, to the Pride festival there. Musta been someone else.”
Stephen looked at her like he didn’t know what she was talking about.
“Trans Pride. Gay Pride. Three hundred bikes all together at the head of the parade?”
No response from Stephen.
“The big Pride parade?”
“Pride in what?” Stephen finally said.
“Taking pride in yourself, for being who you are: gay, bisexual, trans-of-some-kind, or any kind of human being, even straight-arrow heterosexual, if you want.” Oceanna smiled at him.
His nod seemed to acknowledge her, but that was all. He wiped sweat off his forehead with the sleeve of his shirt, squirted himself briefly in the chest with his water hose, and went back to watering his yard.

* * *

Mason, Derie and Jason walked together through the park where the 4th of July celebration would be on Friday evening. Even though many things were in place, people bustled around doing more.
“Nice,” Mason said.
The stage was set up. The lights were hoisted overhead, four rows of them. Rented. 
They walked up on the stage.
“Hey! There he is! The Mason-man. Encore!” 
“Please, no begging,” Mason joked with the man. 
Mason walked up to the mikes and took the tarp off them, sat one of them center stage and began singing into it: “Oh I’m a good singer—”
Derie laughed at him.
Mason continued to sing, making up words and tune: “—and my wife likes it—”
“Daddy!”
Mason smiled at the invisible audience. “—and so does my son!”
“Boooo!” the man in the ‘audience’ teased.
“Thank you, thank you,” Mason teased back.
Mason picked his son up and tossed him into the air, catching him easily, turning around, making his son laugh.
“You want to sing into the mike?” He asked Jason.
“Yes!”
Mason held Jason up to the microphone. “Say ‘hello,’ Jason. Say: ‘Hello.’”
Jason spoke into it:  “Hello!”
“That’s it!” Mason said. “That was great!”

* * *

Oceanna sat in her mother’s house, alone, doors locked, air conditioner on, eating a dinner of spaghetti in front of the T.V.




CHAPTER

21


The next morning, Oceanna left the house early and caught Jed letting the air out of her tires. Dullard Frank was standing watch. There was a bag on the driveway next to them.
“Jed!?”
“Now,” Jed said to Frank.
Frank held up his telephone and began videoing.
“I was just wonderin’ if the air in your tires was, maybe a little pink and also a little blue at the same time!” Jed was aggressive.
Oceanna maneuvered between Jed and her mother’s car. “What the hell are you doing here? It’s air, Jed—”
Jed looked at Frank and smiled.
“Stop videoing me!” Oceanna said.
Jed stuck his finger in Oceanna’s chest. “You’re sick, and you’re a pervert. Most of us agree: We don’t want you here. Get out of Kingman, faggot. That’s what I’m doing here.”
“You’re interfering with my Mom’s care! I saw you following me!”
“You’re messing with my friend, Mason,” Jed said. 
“You’re not acting like a friend to him now.”
“I’m saving him from the likes of you!”
“Too late! He’s already human!”
“What am I? Chopped liver?”
Oceanna nodded clearly for the mentally impaired. “You’re acting like it.”
“Just one second.” Jed held up one finger to both Oceanna and the camera. He bent over, opened the bag and drew some things out. “I got something for you, ‘Osh.’ ‘Osh’? Is that what you like to be called?”
Jed took a paper plate and squirted some whipped cream on it. “A little going away present, ‘Osh,’ or George or whatever your name really is.”
Oceanna started to turn away but Jed squished the plate of whipped cream onto Oceanna’s face and turned it, smearing it in.
Oceanna was in shock.
Jed and Frank laughed hysterically.
Oceanna flicked the paper plate off her face, which landed on the driveway. Some whipped cream got on her mom’s car, more on her clothes. She raked more off her face with her fingers.
Jed grabbed the back of Oceanna’s head with his right hand, and with his left, he drew lines in the whipped cream, over her eyes and mouth, simulating an un-happy face.
He turned her toward Frank’s camera and held her there in arms twice as strong as hers and licked his finger clean.
Oceanna lowered her head.
“Look at that camera!”
Oceanna did not look, lowered her head even more.
Jed grabbed her hair with his right hand and pulled back, raising her face to the camera.
“Are you stupid, or don’t you get it?” Jed demanded. “One way or another, you’re gonna look at that camera.”
Oceanna struggled against his grasp, but she couldn’t move. She began to cry.
“Let this be a warning to you, ‘George.’ This whole town wants you the hell out of here,” Jed said in sinister tone, two inches from her face. “But they’re afraid to say so because it’s not P.C. It’s that P.C., goody two-shoes, social control crap again. You’re sick, George, and you dress funny! We don’t want you here around our children, tryin’ to make them sick, too. You’re a man, and you should act like it. This is a decent town full of good folks. You should be ashamed of yourself.”
Jed slammed Oceanna down onto the driveway.
Frank backed up to get the whole scene in frame.





CHAPTER

22


Everyone in the bar laughed. The monitor bolted high in the corner played the scene off YouTube.
“Let this be a warning to you, George!” Jed said on the monitor.
Jed smiled at the camera, and the video ended.
“Heeeeeey!” went the cheer around the bar.
“All hail Jed, the great fixer—”
“Doer of good deeds!”
“We don’t need to put up with that Freaky-town kind of thing around here. Let them all go back to where-ever they came from!”
“Free beers for Jed and Frank!”

* * *

Oceanna sat on the edge of her mom’s bathtub, half dressed, a towel on the floor beside her with blood and whipped cream stains on it. Her hair was a mess, partially covered in the crème. Her right cheek and upper lip were swollen. Her lip and nose were still bleeding a little.
She was crying into the phone to a friend in Los Angeles. “I just—  I just wanted to call—”
“What’s the matter, Osh?” Regina Isler was a social leader of the transgender paradigm in Los Angeles, psychotherapist and professor of psychology. She and Oceanna had been friends for years, sometimes working on events together.
Oceanna’s reply was weak. “Nothing.”
“So you thought you’d call—hurt and crying—because nothing’s up? You sound clogged up, honey!”
Oceanna cried softly into the phone, letting it out, but saying nothing. Her nose dripped another drop of blood onto the tile floor. Oceanna ripped some toilet paper off a roll and held it to her nose.
“Osh! What’s going on?”
Oceanna shook her head no. She lowered here head and cried more, but kept the phone to her ear.
“I just wanted to hear you,” she said.
“I’m here, love,” Regina said. “I’m here, and I’ll stay here.”
The phone was quiet for a while.
Regina finally spoke gently to her. “Life can be hard for us anywhere, and over there, I don’t know—” 
Oceanna stopped crying and stared blankly at the floor.
“Honey, are you alright?” Regina asked.
“Yes—  No! I haven’t been alright for decades in this place, and I’ve only been here for a year!”
“Did someone hurt you? Did something happen?”
Oceanna nodded to the bathroom and reflexively looked around to see if it was safe. “A little. God, I was so scared. I didn’t know what they were going to do.”

* * *

In the feed store, Derie stood behind the counter and slammed the phone down into the cradle. “Mason!”
Mason was on the dog aisle with a customer, whose dog lead the way in a famous olfactory method of selecting dinner.
Mason’s head popped up. “What?”
“Get over here! Come see this!”
Mason looked at the customer in a query and acceded to his wife’s demand. His boots clumped on the hard wood flooring on his way to the front.
The customer trailed behind him.
Two other customers in the store heard and followed as well.
“Look at this.” Derie had pulled a bluetoothed keyboard in front of herself and was typing rapidly. Images flashed on the monitor beside the cash register. “Here it is.”
Derie hit “return” on her keyboard, and the video began to play.
The five of them watched in astonishment.
“For cryin’ out loud,” a customer said.
“I’m going over there,” Mason said.
Derie yanked her apron off. “Not without me.”
They ran out the door without closing the place.


While Mason drove their pickup, Derie was on the phone. “Kathleen! I can’t reach Simi or Hila right now—must be at work. But look on YouTube.” Pause. “What’s your email? I’ll send you the link.”


Mason walked into Oceanna’s house. “Osh! Osh! It’s me—  It’s us!  Derie and Mason! Your door wasn’t even shut! Are you here?”
Oceanna wrapped a towel around herself before they walked into her bathroom.
“Oshie! You’re a mess! Your face!” Derie bent over Oceanna to begin helping her. “You’re bleeding! And a horrible bruise!”
Oceanna squirmed a little, but Derie’s touch was nurturing.
“Honey, your teeth? Are they alright?” Derie tried to look into Oceanna’s mouth as if she were a horse, but Oceanna squirmed.
“It’s alright,” Oceanna said.
Derie dampened a clean towel and dabbed at Oceanna’s face a little, then showed Mason outside. “Get out of here!” she said. “I’ve got this.”
Mason withdrew to the living room.
“I was going to shower this stuff off—” Oceanna said.
“Right now, you need some stitches on your upper lip,” Derie said. “And your nose may be broken.” She started to help Oceanna get into a bathrobe, but stopped short and called out of the room. “Mason! Can you find me a clean top of some kind, maybe in a closet?” She turned back to Oceanna. “We’ll get you to an emergency room.”
“Oh, no you don’t,” Oceanna said, standing to look at herself in the mirror. “I’ll go to my own doctor, here. That’s all.” Oceanna looked at her mouth more closely. An upper right incisor was loose.”


In the lobby of Oceanna’s doctor’s office, Mason’s phone rang.
Derie pulled it out of Mason’s pants pocket. It was Hila.
“Hila! Hello. This is Derie, Mason’s wife. I feel like I already know you.” 

* * *

Jed and Frank walked into a gas station to get some 5-Hour Energies, hyped as two rooster champions at a cock fight, laughing with each other.
“Larry!” Jed said to the clerk behind the counter. “Did you see?”
Frank held out his phone and started the video. 





CHAPTER

23


Regina sat in her office at the university, pondering Oceanna. After a bit, she pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and pressed a few icons.
“Hi Paula, Regina.” Pause. “Oh, fine, fine. But I just got a call from Osh—in a way that was very unlike her.” 

* * *

Hila was in her office in AT&T Park, the Giant’s stadium, San Francisco. People could been seen on the field, below, grooming. 
She listened to her phone through a Bluetooth earpiece. Her face was ashen. She reached for the T.V. remote and held it up, pressed a button to turn on a monitor on the wall.
“One sec, Derie. What do I google?”

* * *

Larry watched Frank and Jed pull away from the gas station.
He looked at his co-worker, briefly, and picked up his phone.

* * *

A nurse walked Oceanna out of the exam room, back to the lobby, where Mason and Derie waited.
“Osh! How are you doing?” Derie asked.
“She’s fine,” the nurse said. “Well—  She’ll heal.”
“I’m okay,” Oceanna said. 
“Don’t look fine to me,” Mason said. “Look like you’ve been in a car accident.”
Oceanna turned away, looked ashamed.
“Not from me, you don’t,” Derie said to Oceanna, gently turning her face back toward them. “We’re friends, here, Osh.”

* * *

“Right,” Regina said into her cell phone. “I don’t have the facts yet. She was messed up, but I’ll get her back.”
Regina’s phone indicated an incoming call. It was Hila. She thought about it for only one second before incorporating Hila into the call, making it a three-way.
“Hila, this is Regina. Hi.” Pause. “Paula, this is Hila, on the line with us now. She’s a mover up in San Francisco—”

* * *

“What? Hi, Mom,” Simi spoke into her cell phone. “No, Harry’s not home right now, but soon—” 
Simi listened, got a worried look on her face, listening harder. Absentmindedly, she looked around the apartment and ran her fingers through her hair with her free hand, held the back part up into a ponytail. The look on her face went from shock to anger.

* * *

Roy Smith had been a police officer in Kingman for sixteen years. There wasn’t much he couldn’t handle, he was sure.
He sat in his cruiser and watched both Jed and Frank walking out the front of the Walmart toward Jed’s old Chevy pickup in the parking lot.
Roy picked his radio mike off his left shoulder with his right hand and spoke into it. “I got ‘em.” He hooked the mike back on his shirt.
Turning to his partner behind the wheel, he finished. “Wait ‘till I call you, this time. Got it?”
“Yeah, sure,” Roy’s partner said, struggling with the idea.
Roy got out of his cruiser and walked over to Jed and Frank, casually.
“Jed! How you doing?” he called. “Frank, hi.”
The two men looked at the officer. “Roy! Howdy,” Jed said. “Boy have I got some crap to show you.” Jed pulled out his cell phone yet again.
“Yeah? Like what?” Roy said, smiling, friendly.
Jed began to laugh. “Oh, you know that queen who’s been scumming up the place for the last year? Nobody likes him around here, and I think I finally got the message through that thick skull—” 
Frank tapped Jed on the shoulder, so Jed corrected. “Okay: We finally got the message through—”
Roy watched the video on Jed’s phone. “You shoot this?” he asked Frank, who smiled proudly as if he just got a gold star in school.
“Now, that is good work—” Roy said. 
Jed and Frank smiled.
Roy continued. “—if this were the K.K.K., but it’s not.”
Roy slapped one set of handcuffs on both of them faster than they could see what happened. He held onto the link between them with one hand and waved to his partner with the other.
The cruiser’s lights began to flip.
“What ‘re you doin’?” Jed asked.
Frank was aghast. “Jed?”
Roy fingered his partner over and pointed to the ground beside his right foot.
The cruiser pulled forward and sat like a trained puppy.
Some people in the parking lot noticed, and one cell phone came out to video.
Roy noticed.
“What the hell you doin’?” Jed asked again.
Roy’s partner got out of the cruiser to help.
Roy smiled to everyone and went through his you’re-under-arrest speech as pretty as a Broadway play, complete with the reading of Miranda rights off a little card from his breast pocket.
Jed started to fight. “You can’t do this!” He jerked his hand up and down and pulled, finally attempting to strike the officer with his free hand. 
Roy didn’t even flinch. Six years practice in aikido, and he moved almost casually to one side, grabbing Jed’s striking wrist with one hand and leading it over the hood of his cruiser.
Jed slammed onto the hood of the car with a bang.
Roy bent the wrist outward with one hand into a hold.
Jed screamed. “For the drag queen, Oceanna!?”
Roy was calm, smiling. “No, no. Not actually. For yourself, the two of you. You and Frank.”
“I told her to leave town!” Jed screamed. I told him before, but he wouldn’t leave, so I had to make it clear!” Jed let off enough foul language to please a hoard of drunken sailors on shore leave in New Jersey.
“How’s your wrist, Jed?” Roy asked nicely. “I don’t want to hurt you; I just want you to hold still.”
Jed let another string of curses.
“He doesn’t usually talk that way,” Roy apologized to the camera watching. “He’s having a bad day.”
“It was such a little thing—” Jed tried to explain.
“What ‘Oceanna’ is he talking about?” the citizen asked.
Roy’s partner answered the citizen. “They battered a drag queen earlier today and then—real bright—put the video of it on YouTube—”
“Kennie!” Roy said to shut him up. “That’s not our part.”
Frank started to speak up, but Roy gave him a dirty look that slowed him down. “Don’t you start, too, Frank. It’ll heap more charges to mess with.”
Roy brought Jed’s free wrist down to cuff it to the other, behind his back.
“Kennie, Would you cuff Frank properly?”
Roy held Jed down onto the hood of the car, even though he was cuffed, while he watched Kennie.
Kennie cuffed Frank’s hands together nicely behind his back and removed the first set between the two.
Roy checked his work with his free hand.
“Nice work, Ken.” Roy said with a smile. “That feels about right. Not too tight, but won’t come off.”
Kennie beamed.
“Now we put them into the car.” Roy let go of Jed and Kennie held onto the cuffs for both men. Roy opened the back door of the cruiser. “Now, when you put them in, hold their heads so they don’t bang on the doorway. Some people would claim we did that, and we didn’t.” He smiled nicely to the watching phone.

* * *

Regina poked away at her computer to find any more information she could and found the second video, as well.
Paula had made some tea and served some to Regina, taking a seat in one of her office chairs.“ We could call Oceanna back,” she said.
“She’s not answering right now.” Regina picked up her phone.

* * *

Hila answered her phone and listened. “Right. And you know, I was also thinking—”

* * *

Regina laughed and talked into the phone with Hila. “And you think I should make that call? Me?”
“What?” Paula asked, beginning to smile.
Regina talked into her phone. “One sec.” She explained Hila’s plan to Paula who began to laugh as well and capped her hands.
Regina talked to Hila on the phone. “You think it would work?” she asked.
“Yeah! Friends there are pissed!” Hila said.
“Give me some phone numbers,” Regina said.

* * *

Hila entered the television studio in San Francisco and walked through a maze of cameras, cables and lights to find Connie Lauder talking with someone by her set.
“Connie!” 
“Hila! So glad to see you again!”
They hugged.
“What is so urgent? You called and begged me to get you in here so quick—”
“Well,” Hila said to her with a devilish grin. “Something’s breaking, and—I want your help, but also, it’s a good news story, and I think you might just want to carry it.”

* * *

Judge Hangum O. Back and his bailiff talked quietly to the side of the bench.
“Would a nice prostitution case raise your spirits, Your Honor?” the Bailiff asked.
The judge looked at the Bailiff. “Would it have anything to do with international espionage?”
“No.”
“International jewel thievin’?”
“I could see.”
The front doors of the court room burst open and a crowd pushed through. They turned to look.
Jed fought to get his arm away from Roy. “Judge! It’s just a drag queen! And he was talking with the children! Frank! Tell him!”
Frank opened his mouth to speak—
—but everyone else interrupted him.
Derie led Oceanna behind her to the front. “Your Honor! She is not a drag queen—”
“That’s true,” said Lenny Wintz, Jed and Frank’s lawyer, whom they found in the hallway. “No actual proof as of yet about the children, but the day is young, and my clients tell me they were defending—”
Derie’s mouth fell open. “What kids?”
Larry from the gas station tried to jump in. “Judge, I saw the video, and I had to call—”
The judge leaned back in his chair. He nodded to his bailiff and smiled. “This a’ do. There were kids in the video?” Judge Back asked, squeezing a few words in edgewise.
Roy tried to get the judge’s attention. “Your Honor!”
“Stop it! Stop it everybody!” The judge stood and banged his gavel down hard on the sounding block. Okay, look: Any one of you kidnapped by aliens?”

* * *

Hila and Connie sat at a desk and watched Mason’s video.
On the video, Oceanna’s face was alternately bruised and bandaged.
People were reaching through the air to get the Judge’s attention.
Jed was spitting angry.
The judge ordered Mason to stop videoing with his phone. “… designated by a T.V. station or not. Still photos only in here or I’ll grind that gadget and you both up to a pulp with my bare hands!” the judge ordered.
Connie’s phone rang. She picked it up. “Mason. What have we got?”
Connie’s phone chimed, so she pressed an icon to integrate the new call as well, a conference.
“Mason, Regina. This is Connie. We’re all—”
Connie’s phone chimed again. She looked at Hila and pressed the button again on her phone to integrate Hila.
“Okay: Mason, Regina, and Hila. We’re all on the phone together, and Hila is standing right beside me.”
“I wanted to hear them, too,” Hila said to Connie with a smile.
“No problem. This is Connie Lauder with you all, and I’ll be recording this call to document. Please accept.”
“That’s okay,” everyone said.
“Wow! Looks good,” Connie chuckled. “So where do we stand?”




	CHAPTER

24


Connie’s producer, “Windy Mindy,” slammed the phone down on her desk and yelled instructions to three assistants.
“We’re going national with this! That judge is the best character I’ve seen in a while, and it’s Arizona, no less. They’re picking us up at seven. Get me George Malcolm on the phone—  No. You call George,” she said to one assistant, “and you,” she pointed to another one, “clear the morning set for this! Put in some chairs—” She looked at Connie, who looked at Hila.
“Two,” said Hila.
Connie nodded.
“Two chairs!” Mindy said, “And a table, and some little flowers—not avocado green!”
“You mean over there?” the production assistant pointed. “It’s the evening news.”
“Then build us another set!” Mindy said, sarcastically. “We’re doing it as a segment in the news, and it’s going wide. We’ll lead in with the story, cut to some pictures and a few seconds of video—Tawny, get me two video clips we can use! One from the assault, and one from the court. Then we’ll cut to these two here and give them—” Mindy turned to Connie again, who looked to Hila.
“Five minutes?” Hila asked.
“Two. What you think this is, ’60 Minutes’?” Mindy asked.
“Four?” Hila asked.
“Three minutes is a long time for a new program,” Mindy said.
“But not for a ‘segment’ that goes national.” Hila smiled.
Mindy smiled back at her. “You’re pushy. Okay, four minutes.”
Mindy leaned in to Hila. “Her I know about,” Mindy said in reference to Connie. “But you, I don’t know. You gonna ball up on me when you get on camera?”

* * *

“That professor over in L.A. makes a lot of sense, and she has more degrees than you got testicles,” Judge Back said with finality.
“Judge, you can’t!” Jed said in horror.
“I can do whatever I want, Jed! If I wanted to raise Darth Vader’s corpse from the dead and make him the Tooth Fairie, I could do it with a twitch of my nose—even after he’s been cremated!”
Jed reeled from the Judge’s hostile tone, and Frank followed suit.
Jed didn’t mean to speak. It was an impulse. “What the f—”
Boiling over, red-faced, the judge stood up behind the bench and looked over it with the fury of Odin to cowering Jed and Frank below.
“I’ll have you drawn and quartered if you so much as THINK about messing with me! You got me, son? I’ll tear you to shreds in a million pieces and rain you down all over hell and back if you so much as crap your pants in my courtroom! You got me? I’ll piss on you so hard you’ll wish to God you’d merely started a war—which you may have done, anyway! You’ll do what I said—and like it, son— or so help me I’ll slam the weight of this bench down on you so hard it’ll take a team of archaeologists with a flashlight to find what’s left of your dried-up, skinny behind! We don’t like people like you here, because we got kids in this town! YOU GOT ME?”
Jed recoiled and held his hands up, index fingers instinctively crossing each other to ward off evil.
Frank jumped behind their lawyer and hid. 
Both were shaking.
“You think I’ll do it, Bailiff?” The judge asked.
“You bet your ass, Judge!” the bailiff said.
“You think I’m pissed off yet, Bailiff?”
“Not yet, Judge.”
“And I mean you do this anywhere!” the judge screamed at Jed and Frank. “Behind my back! In front of my back! Over my head or under my ass! Alone in a cow pasture, drunk in a bar, swapping lies at a ballgame! Masturbating in the shower! Whether I’m lookin’ or not. Whether you’re alone or not. You’ll do it! You got it? From now on!” Little balls of spit formed at the judge’s mouth. 
Mason was snapping pictures and real-timing them to Connie.
“From this very minute on! You will do as I said. From this very minute on! From NOW!
No one moved. 
“FROM RIGHT NOW, DICKHEAD!” The judge screamed.
Jed and Frank both cringed at the judge’s anger.
Mason, Derie, Oceanna—even Roy—began to smile and laugh a little.
“Why you suppose he’s got his panties in such a wad,” Oceanna asked Derie, quietly.
Derie shrugged and continued to hold her phone so Connie could hear.
“Well?!” The judge looked at the two convicts, who hadn’t moved. “WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE!”
Jed and Frank both jumped like they’d been shot at and fought their way through the crowd to exit.
The judge sat back down and laughed. “Ah,” he said to his bailiff. 
“Good one,” the bailiff said.

* * *

People bustled around the T.V. studio in San Francisco.
The assistant director listened into his headphones and turned his attention to the set.
“Lights on,” he said.
The lights on the main set came on. 
The two Anchors prettied themselves.
“Test the lights in the morning set,” he said.
The lights came on in the morning set.
“Somebody get over there, please,” he said.
Someone went to the set, walked around in it and sat down in Connie’s chair.
The assistant director on set listened to his headphones, absent-mindedly touched them with his finger tips.
“And leave them on. We’ll be there shortly. Okay people, everybody ready?” He looked around, then held up his fingers to show with his count: “Main set first. And in five, four, three, two.” He didn’t speak “one” but silently held up one finger for it, then pointed to the lead anchor.”


Hila and Connie sat in their seats on the “morning” set. 
Hila picked up a cup of coffee off the little table and began to sip it but put it back down again.
“Nervous?” Connie asked.
“Me? No—  Yes,” Hila said. “Not about being on T.V. Just organizing what I should say. I want to squeeze some ideas in.”
“You’ll be fine,” Connie said. She looked over at the main set and glanced at the assistant director. There was a clear earpiece in her right ear, the off-camera side. She reached up to touch it.
“You about ready?” she asked Hila?”
Hila nodded.
Connie nodded to the director in the booth.
The monitor off to the side showed the feed. The anchors on the first set were talking, CUT TO video of Oceanna getting the pie smushed into her face, thrown on the ground, CUT TO video of the angry mob in the court room, CUT TO stills of fearful Jed and Frank, CUT TO the judge blowing up with the judge’s audio, CUT TO the anchors.
“Get ready,” Connie said to Hila.
The assistant director moved in-between two of the cameras pointed at Connie and Hila, and began his same hand motions.
Connie was very serious. “Good evening ladies and gentlemen. I’m Connie Lauder, and I’m here with Hila Mohammad: friend to Oceanna Winkler, and also to others involved both here in San Francisco and there in Kingman, Arizona.
“Hila,” Connie said, turning to face Hila. “This situation is about how people treat people who are different. You know something about that, don’t you?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Tell us about it,” Connie said.
“I’m a crossdresser, by my definition—not on hormones, just male who lives crossdressed, female name. And I’m from Afghanistan—”
“Difficult to do there?” Connie asked.
“Not easy in most of the U.S., either. Still, this is what I need to address, if I may, as it’s about what’s going on with Osh in Kingman, and in most places.
“Two things are popular in the world these days. One is to say we’re all the same, and the other is to fight with people who are different.
“Unity is great where it draws people together, and minorities—like Oceanna—do need a lot of support. Yet most people still feel the need to conflict with people who are different. 
“We can’t have a world that way. Everyone on the planet really is different. Should we all live by one narrow ideology, so that everyone is forced to be the same, somehow? Would it ever be possible, anyway? The world could never agree, and bottling people up like that—fascism—creates heat through friction that explodes in war and death.
“Let me ask:  Would it be possible—  Oceanna is Jewish; I am Muslim. Could a Muslim and a Jew be friends? And if they are, could a Muslim sit with his Jewish friends and share a kosher meal? Could the Jew share part of Eid Al-Fitr with his Muslim friend? Breaking the fast at the end of Ramadan. Could a Catholic stand with Wiccan friends while they dance around a bonfire at a Beltaine festival? May Day. Could a Frenchman love a German friend? Could an Afghan love an American friend? A black a white? A straight a trans?
“If we can’t do these kinds of things, we can never get along in this world, and we must, or else we’re hurting each other, killing each others friends and children.”
Hila shook her head gravely. “How can war and murder, oppression and hate be considered moral? Where did that come from? These are the actions of an immature species, given mostly to demands of an evolving, scared, primitive amygdala. Deep in the brain.”
“If you’re friends with someone who is different, does that reflect back on you in a negative way? Does it make you suspect as one of them? Does it suggest you condone the other lifestyle? It shouldn’t. It should be a positive thing, a sign of character, to accept people with their difference.
“What is needed, these days, I think, is not ‘I can accept you as a friend if you’re like I say you should be,’ but ‘I can accept you as a friend, different or not.’
“It’s the only way,” Hila said earnestly into the camera, “for all people, who must be different—who are in fact individuals—to live together on this earth.”
With her eyes teared, Hila grew a painful smile. “My friend, Oceanna. There in Kingman. My lover.” Hila tried to capture her thoughts. “Such a good person, who helps others. The richness she brings to conversations and to the quality of other people’s lives—  She recently helped a war vet to find herself: a P.O.W., shot down in Afghanistan. A helicopter pilot, transsexual.”
Hila looked at her own lap, to Connie, then back to the camera. She touched her dress with one hand while she spoke. “Sadly, that’s not the norm, but it could be. We LGBT need to improve as much as anyone else, to follow Oceanna’s example in living our life.
“Come find out,” Hila said, leaning forward into the camera. “Everyone. This Friday evening, the 4th of July, in Kingman, Arizona. Journey, the famous pop/rock band, is playing—standing room in a large park, minimal fee at the gate, I’m told. Huge festival, carnival, fireworks. Come by car or air, bike or bus. Bring a tent, as I hope we overfill available motels. Make it a trans-Woodstock, if you will. No need to tailgate; just come on in.
“I want everyone in the world to come—crossdressed or transgender, or transsexual, or gay or bi or straight or yourself or nothing or whatever. We’re all human beings. We’re all people who should be valued equally as well. Lets find the courage to stand with friends who are different.
“Remember: That’s Kingman, Arizona, this Friday. Contact Mason Winchester, in Kingman, if you have any questions.”




	CHAPTER

25


“Gig’s up,” Derie said to Mason. “The whole world knows you’re a nice guy.”
Derie slapped off the T.V. with one hand and handed Oceanna a drink with the other.

* * *

New York called San Francisco. Chicago called Los Angeles. Austin called Seattle, called the mayor of Kingman. Reno called Vegas, and Vegas laid bets on it.
“This thing has gone viral!” St. Louis said to Atlanta.
“Delta Airlines?” a transgender said in Miami. “Can I get a booking to Las Vegas?”
“American Airlines—”
“U.S. Air—”
“Southwest Airlines—”
“Avis Rent-a-Car—”
“Hertz—”
“National—”
“Budget—”
A Pensacola, Florida group cheered Mason for standing up. 
“You think they’ll kill us? It’s Arizona.”
“Not with the news watching.”
“Do they have plumbing in Kingman?”
“I had G.R.S. in Scottsdale, so that’s plumbing.”
“Well, I’m going to find out.” She pulled out her phone and tweeted, “Going to Journey in Kingman. Is there #plumbing in Arizona?”

* * *

Mayor Cori talked as quickly as she could on the phone. “You knew about this, Mason?”
“It all happened so fast. Jed and Frank were being hauled into court, and I had to hurry to get it on the news in San Francisco.”
“Yeah! No. No. I don’t mean making it a trans event,” Mayor Cori said. “I mean—look at this! We were expecting, what, ten thousand? But now we might have—I don’t know how many!”

* * *

“Let me put you on speaker,” Mason said to Mayor Cori. He pressed a couple of icons and sat his phone on the table in front of them.
“Okay. Go ahead,” Mason said. “It’s Derie, me, and Oceanna.”
The phone spoke clearly for all to hear.
“We’ve just gone up in our attendance to a level that—  Oceanna, you’re there?” the Mayor asked.
“Yes,” Oceanna said.
“Oceanna,” Mayor Cori said, ever the politician. “I’m so sorry for what Jed did to you, but I understand he’s got his keister fixed for it.”
“Yes, I think he did.”
“But now—” the Mayor said. “How many are coming? I don’t know the trans communities very well.”
“Well,” Oceanna thought. “Three hundred plus million people in the U.S.—  No one knows how many transpeople, of whatever kind, there are in the U.S.—there are likely millions—and Hila put out the call for others, too, so—  And Kingman is not that remote, just a bit away from both Vegas and Laughlin, Nevada. You have an airport here. And this story has hit the wires.” Oceanna thought. “I don’t know, but I’d guess we may bring in an additional—  Probably not more than an additional ten or thirty thousand.”
“Christ on a cracker!” Mayor Cori said on the phone. “We don’t have the motels or restaurants or police—or even the out houses enough for that.
“Derie!” Mayor Cori said. 
“Yes!” Derie answered.
“You get more port-a-potties. Five times as many. Kingman is on the national scene. There’ll be press everywhere, and we don’t want people all over the world seeing we don’t even have anywhere around here to take a dump. We’ll pay for it with the emergency fund, and make a mint! Our businesses are gonna have their best day ever!
“Mason!” The mayor asked.
“Yes.”
“Get a list up if you will of all the motels and restaurants in the surrounding counties, as well as hospitals. Print it out and have someone post them everywhere you can in Kingman, and all over the fairgrounds and the park. Put them at the airport, restaurants, grocery stores, gas stations. Stack them on the street if you have to. Print the copies out down here at City Hall. Same on the financing.
“I’ll call the rest of the committee and get pallets full of bottled water—  We got to get extra food!”
Derie spoke up. “I will get a couple caterers from Phoenix to come up here ready to sling burgers and fries.”
“Not everyone likes burgers and fries,” the Mayor said.
“Yeah, but this is impromptu. It was dumped on us, and we’re just trying to keep everyone fed—  Okay. I’ll also—”
“You’re a vegetarian,” Mayor Cori said.
“Yeah, I am,” Derie said. “No problem! So I’ll also get a couple Mexican food caterers to get up here lickity-split ready to serve tons of rice and beans.”
“It’ll do,” Mayor Cori said. “This is all so sudden, but I think we’re going to be okay.”
“They’re gonna want more stuff to buy,” Mason said.
The mayor suggested, “Where can you get vendors this fast?”
“I’ll call the carnival folks. I bet they know,” Mason said.
Oceanna sat back in her chair with a smile.
“I’ll call the governor and get more cops up here.”
“These people won’t be any trouble,” Oceanna said. “This is a celebration of love and friendship. Trans doesn’t mean criminal.”
“Sorry, Oceanna. I didn’t mean that. It’s just if you get fifty thousand people from all over the country who don’t know each other, you never know.”
“I understand,” Oceanna said. “But can you tell the cops to keep their distance and let us vent?”
“What’s that mean?” Mayor Cori asked.
Oceanna shrugged. “Maybe venting oppression from everywhere.”
“Like you’ve had,” Mayor Cori asked.
“Yes. But I think it’ll take the form of hugs and dancing and screams of joy, rather than fighting. You’re more likely to have public nudity or sex behind a tree than you are fighting. This is not a church picnic.”
The mayor laughed. “No, I can see that. The police will be diplomatic as good ol’ Roy. But we’ll need to keep it off camera. 
“And I better call Apple,” Mayor Cori said. “We’ve got to Wi-Fi this town and quick, or we’ll have people so frustrated even Journey won’t lift their spirits. Which makes me think of beer.”
“It’s a disinhibitor,” Mason said with caution. 
“It is, but it could also make us a mint.” 
They could all hear the mayor smile through the phone.
“I’m calling the Budweiser people,” the Mayor said. “We’ve got some infrastructure we could get with this. I’m gonna be Governor before we’re done.”




CHAPTER

26


Ma and Pa Severay sat in folding chairs under a tree in their front yard, across the street from the park, and watched the commotion.
One big, ole cargo truck rolled by on Detroit Avenue, right in front of them.
Another turned left off Fairgrounds Avenue and missed the corner, had to back up and take another shot at it, then rolled by on Detroit right in front of them, also.
“Looks like big to-do this year for the 4th,” Pa said.
“Big ‘n ever year,” Ma said.
Pa leaned forward in his chair to peer at the fairgrounds to the east. “Lotsa doins over there, too.”
“Don’t usually do nothin’ here in this park, here, though,” Ma said. “Just the fairgrounds yonder.”
“Don’t explain it to me,” Pa said. “But look at ‘em go! They proly got a thousand folks over there, like they gonna ‘xpect Buck Owens to show up.”
“I think he’s gone, Leroy,” Ma said.
“Not if he’s comin’ here, woman!”
A man walked out of the park into the middle of Detroit to pick a truck out of the line and turn him into the parking lot. He was waving his arms and yelling, smiling.
After the truck turned, he walked over to Ma and Pa Severay for a howdy-do. 
“Mornin!” Mason said. “Big do here tonight.”
“So we see,” Ma said back to him.
“What cha got?” Pa asked.
“Big 4th of July celebration,” Mason said. 
“All ‘em trucks,” Pa said.
“Yep,” Mason said. “We’re expecting more folks than usual.”
“Like a million?” Ma asked.
Mason hooked his thumbs in his pockets and tried to answer. “You know, we don’t know, so we figure we better get ready for anything. Maybe twenty or thirty thousand.”
Ma laughed. “Impossible. That’s more ‘n we got in this town.”
“Ain’t more ‘n we got in the county,” Pa said.
“But why would they drive here to see this?” Ma asked.
“Cause we got Buck Owens,” Pa said.
Mason smiled at him. “No, we got Journey.”
Pa looked at Ma. “We’re out in the boonies.”
“No,” Mason corrected. “It’s the name of a group: ‘Journey.’ Big music. Very popular.” 
“It ain’t Buck?” Pa asked.
“So you better get—” Ma stopped when she saw a food truck roll by on Detroit. “Never mind.”
“Food is good,” Pa said. “But I don’t know if we can go.”
“Young man,” Ma said to Mason, “if you got all that food, you gonna need—” Ma stopped when she saw one truck after another—maybe twenty-five trucks in all—roll by carrying a thousand port-a-potties.
Pa sat back in his chair. “Yup. We can go.”

* * *

People were rushing around, setting things up, hollering to each other, moving equipment.
A man held a T.V. camera on his shoulder, pointed with a purpose. He followed a man in a dress carrying a box from right to left, then settled on his reporter.
“This is Martina Wind, K.N.O.W.-T.V. News-Phoenix, here this morning with Mayor Cori Sable of Kingman, Arizona, site of the first annual Trans-Woodstock, as it’s being called. Madam Mayor. This is Arizona!” She indicated numerous transpersons already there. “How did you get the courage to host a Trans-Woodstock?”
Mayor Cori’s smile grew larger. “It wasn’t a matter of choosing, Martina. It just happened, and like all good Arizonans, we’re determined to be hospitable.”
“It just happened?” Martina asked, with a devilish grin.
Mayor Cori nodded. “Yup. That’s the way it was. Thanks to one and only one angry citizen who assaulted a transgender here in our town—  That is not the way Kingman is. That will never happen again!”
“—and someone else who caught it on tape,” Martina said.
“—with an accomplice,” Mayor Cori said, “which went viral, attention was focused here on how we treat people who are different. Well,” Mayor Cori said confidently, “we intend to show you how we treat people here in Kingman. This,” Mayor Cori spread her arms to encompass the whole area, including the fairgrounds across Fairgrounds Ave., “is going to be the biggest, fine tootin’-est 4th of July Celebration ever!”
“But you only planned for some ten thousand?” Martina asked.
“Until last evening, we had it largely set up for ten, but when the video went out and then the news out of San Francisco carried the announcement last evening, we realized we were going to have a whole lot more guests than we would normally have, so we’re rising to the occasion. We’re expecting some fifty thousand, now.”
The camera man panned the area, including a thousand port-a-potties.
“Fifty thousand transvestites? Transgenders? Drag queens?” Martina Wind asked.
Mayor Cori smiled and threw her hands up. “We don’t know! Who can tell? Who ever shows up shows up!” 
A van opened his doors to the west side of the park and immediately announced he was selling cheap wigs. 
The camera panned left to get it in frame.
“Wigs here! Get your Wigs! Show your support! Tell Jed where to go!”
“Gimme two!” A guy slapped down twenty dollars for a blond, shoulder-length wig and a longer brown one. “Here, Sam!” he tossed the brown one to his co-worker, who laughed and put it on his head. He plopped the blond wig on his head before returning to his set-up work.
The other man laughed as he walked away, trying to fix his “hair.” 
A transman stepped up to the camera from behind the reporter and stood beside the Mayor. 
Mayor Cori’s smile turned to consideration, turned back to a smile. She glanced reflexively at the camera, then, with only the slightest hesitation, she put her arm around him and took a step toward the camera. “But let me tell you this: We’re friendly here in Kingman. This town is upset by those two young men’s actions and that video.” 
She turned to the man with her. “You’ve seen it?
“Yup,” he said.
“What is your name?” Mayor Cori asked him on camera. 
“Luke,” he said, with a knowing smile to her.
“Luke,” the Mayor said. “Hi. I’m Cori.”
“I know.”
The Mayor froze for a fraction of a second, then recovered, speaking into the camera. “I’ve met with Oceanna,” she told the world, “and I’ve assured her that we’re going to have a peaceable, accepting festival, here—accepting of people who are different—free expression—because that’s part of what America was founded on. For those few who’d like to argue with that, go ask Patrick Henry what he thought about it.”
Oceanna and Derie walked into the park from the east. Oceanna’s face was very bruised, her nose was obviously abraded, and she still had a small bandage over the right side of her upper lip.
Derie held her left hand.
A large group of transpersons in the center noticed.
“Oceanna!”
“There she is!”
Oceanna looked around then back at them.
“Oceanna!”
Other people turned to look.
“Herman,” Martina Wind said. “Lets get some of that!” 
The cameraman broke into a run with Martina after him, leaving Mayor Cori behind.
“Oceanna! I’m Martina Wind, K.N.O.W.-T.V. News-Phoenix, here to cover the Festival—”
Two other T.V. news programs approached with their cameras, and a few different radio stations.
Oceanna and Derie stopped walking.
Fifty transpersons flocked around them.
“OCEANNA! They shouted.
“OSH-EE-ANN-A!”
“OSH-EE-ANN-A!”
“OSH-EE-ANN-A!”
Martina smiled into Herman’s camera. “As you can see, it’s bedlam, and it’s only Thursday! Guess what this place will be like on tomorrow!”

* * *

Regina, Paula and six others sat in Regina’s condo, with the view of the back of other condos that had a view of the ocean, and watched the T.V. 
They saw Oceanna in the park with the crowd around her.
“Thank God for Live T.V,” Paula said.

* * *

“See, look!” said one transwoman to another, in New York. “You can see! Look over here and over there, in the back! See?”
The other did, leaning closer to the T.V.
“Outhouses!”
“But they probably have subways!”

* * *

“Oshie!” Simi and her mother jumped off their chairs in front of Harry’s T.V. “There she is!”
“I wish Hila was here,” Fulton said.
“She’s busy with something,” Kathleen said. “I called, and she said she’d get back.

* * *

 “Oceanna! Talk to us!” the crowd yelled.
“How are you feeling, girl!”
“She’s okay! Didn’t you watch the news?”
Martina maneuvered to stand in front of Oceanna. Glancing to her cameraman to get a nod from him—and he did—she fired her questions at Oceanna above the noise of the crowd: “Oceanna, how do you feel about all this?”
Oceanna looked at her feet, to Derie, who smiled and shrugged.
“Martina, did you say?” Oceanna asked of the reporter.
“Yes. K.N.O.W.-TV in Phoenix. We’re live—probably to the whole world.”
Oceanna calmly responded. “This is amazing,” Oceanna said. “I never would have expected it.”
“But great!” Martina said. “Look at this outpouring! And all for—”
“It’s all for everyone,” Oceanna said. 

* * *

 Regina’s T.V. was large on the wall in front of her guests.
Oceanna continued on the T.V. “People think we’re some freak who they have to look at now and then walking into a store. They put up with us for a while, use us as something to point to or an item of curiosity. But we’re not.”
Oceanna looked at Derie, asking her to take over.
“They’re people,” Derie said. 
“And you are?” Martina asked, putting her mike in front of Derie.
“Derie Winchester—”
“Mason’s wife?” Martina asked.
“Yes—”
“So they’re the same as other people?” Martina asked.
Derie shook her head no. “Of course—” She smiled gathering her thoughts. “Well, we’re all people. But we’re all different also, aren’t we? Unique individuals? And I think that’s the point: We have to accept each other as human beings even with differences.”
“How has it hurt your business,” Martina asked, “that you and your husband are friends with transgenders?”

* * *

The shelves in their feed store were empty. 
Customers stood around like tourists counting bent nails in the walls.
“They’ve cleaned us out,” one clerk said to another.
“We could sell tickets?” 

* * *

Chicago’s O’Hare airport. One gate attendant looked up to see sixty transpersons waiting to board. 
“Look at all that. Must be a full moon,” one gate attendant said quietly to the other.
The second attendant smiled pleasantly to everyone and spoke quietly to his co-worker. “Actually, it’s a waxing gibbous moon. And they pay our salary. Moron.”
One transwoman in four-inch pumps and a mini-dress was carrying a relatively large purse and also a rolled-up tent in its bag.
The 2nd gate agent fingered her to come over.
She did, stumbling uncomfortably over herself with her bags.
“Can I help you with all that?” The agent asked.
The transwoman plopped her things on the counter. “Would you please? I’m going camping in Phoenix.”
“Kingman!” her friend called from the line.
The gate agent smiled. “I can take these things here and heave them waiting for you in Vegas.”
“Oh bless your tender heart.” She brushed some hair out of her face. “I’m sure it would have been okay, otherwise, but—”
“You old softie,” the other attendant teased.

* * *

A car had overheated on I-40, east of Needles, east-bound side. It had safely pulled over, and two other cars had stopped to help.
The traffic was backed up for miles, with people slowing down to see.

* * *

“Fight attendant! Flight attendant!” one red haired transwoman called, on the airliner as it flew at altitude toward Las Vegas.
“Yes. How may I help you?” she asked.
“How high does this plane go,” the passenger asked, “inside here?”
“What difference does it make, Carla?” her blond friend in the next seat said. “It’s an airplane!”
The flight attendant smiled. “It’s pressurized to about eight thousand feet,” the flight attendant said. “Very comfortable.”
“Is that okay?” Carla asked her friend.
Her friend smiled noticeably to the poor, misunderstanding flight attendant. “She’s worried her breasts will over-expand. They’re new, and they’re plastic.”
“They will be fine,” assured the flight attendant. “You won’t even notice. I mean,” the flight attendant leaned more closely to them, “look at mine.” She smiled broadly.
“Gladly,” Carla said.
“Maybe bring us a couple of High Balls?” the friend asked, giggling.
“Sure. I’ll be right back,” said the flight attendant.
The friend in the next seat asked the first. “Very appropriate, don’t you think?”

* * *

The media spotted a roadie from Journey doing some final set-up on their stage, and they left Oceanna and Derie to talk with him.
“Thank God,” Oceanna said.
“Me, too,” Derie agreed.
A man ran up to Derie with more set-up questions than she had answers, but things were rushed, and she was the only one around at that time on the committee, so she did the best she could. “…those lights over there, those electrical cords over there—cover them so no one will trip—the toilets over there and there and there, the food court should be grouped over there, but some also over there and there—no, we block off Fairgrounds Ave. and Detroit Ave., but not until noon tomorrow …”
The man ran off to work.
“I see it’s busy, right now,” Oceanna’s mind was on a man near a food vendor booth.
“That Zane over there?” Derie asked.
Oceanna nodded, yet kept staring at Zane. “The cook from the café.”
Derie looked back and forth.
“You know,” Derie said, “I think I’ll go check on Mason, over there, directing traffic. I better stop him before he starts thinking he ought to get a truck for himself.”
“Sure,” Oceanna said.
Derie trundled off.
Oceanna thought about it then walked slowly toward Zane—
“Way to go, Oceanna!” a group of transpersons called out as they walked toward the carnival, being set up in the fair grounds.
Oceanna smiled and waved to them.
Zane stopped setting up kegs and stood to face Oceanna. He looked around and moved to the side of his vendor tent, out of direct line-of-sight of most others.
Oceanna strode slowly up to him, stopping about three feet away. “Zane. Hi. I’m Osh.”
Zane looked at her.
Oceanna studied him, then her feet, then him some more. “I thought maybe we should meet. I know we haven’t gotten off on a good foot.”
“Telling people I might spit in your food over at the diner didn’t help,” Zane said.
“No, it didn’t. I’m sorry.” Oceanna looked pained. “And it wasn’t a fear of you, personally. It was in general, ‘cause I don’t know you. But I’m a member of a very small minority with very little support system—usually,” she said, indicating the current turmoil, “—and it’s been known to happen.”
Zane stared at her the softened. “Yeah. I can see where it might. But we’re not that way here.”
“Okay.”
Oceanna looked at him, but he didn’t offer more. “Look, they’re selling snow cones over there already. Lets go get one and chat a bit?”
“No thank you. I got to work, here.”
“Okay—” Oceanna didn’t quite stammer. “Zane: What’s going on here?”
“What business is that of yours?” Zane asked.
“Why do I feel this tension between us? What did I do to you other than be myself? I mean before worrying about the spit? It seems there’s something.”
Zane touched the cross around his neck.
“You’re a Christian?” Oceanna asked.
“Yeah.” Zane rolled up his sleeve some more. “Even tattooed it to my arm, ‘cause I wanted it to be permanent.”
“Okay.”
Zane softened. “You come to town, and—  It’s people like you who—”
Oceanna waited, unwilling to interrupt his effort.
“Look. Twenty-three years ago, when I was ten, my dad left us.”
“I’m sorry—”
“And you want to know why? Because my mom caught him in her panties one night. That’s what we’re told. I never told anyone that.”
Oceanna relaxed. That was it. “So you blame—”
“Not directly. It’s the whole crossdressing thing, the way people hate it, that broke up our family. You don’t do that around here. Mom had three kids to bring up on her own.”
“I see what you mean.”
Zane hooked his thumbs in his pockets. “But I don’t blame you.”
Oceanna looked at him—as neutral as she could, yet a little quizzically. 
“I know you didn’t do it,” Zane said. 
“Oceanna!” some more folks called out as they strolled through the park.
Oceanna waved at them.
“You know them?” Zane asked.
“No idea,” Oceanna said. “People coming to the show.”
“Jed did all this, didn’t he?” Zane asked.
Oceanna thought. She wondered if she’d contributed to Jed’s actions in some way, but she couldn’t see it. “I—think he did, yes.”
“I’m sorry about that,” Zane said. “I can tell you—”  He looked at Oceanna. “No. I’m not going to spit in his food, either.”
“Banish him from the diner?” Oceanna asked.
“I’m not the boss, but I think not,” Zane smiled. “Actually, I was just going to say that violence is not the way of peace. He’ll get his, in his own time.”





CHAPTER

27


The diner was packed with a hundred more people than fire regulations would allow, and a considerably greater variety than ever expected: gays; trans-everything; farmers; truck drivers …  Six people would sit at a four-person table; eight would cram into a six-person booth. Some people stood at the ends, eating by holding their plates in hands.
A ball game was on the T.V. monitor in the corner, and it was the seventh inning stretch, and everyone in the diner sang together as if they were there:

“Take me out to the ball game.
Take me out with the crowd—”

Oceanna and Mason, and his family, walked through the crowded parking lot to the door. 
“Hey! Oceanna!” some people called out. Oceanna waved back. 
They could all hear the singing before they got there:

“—Buy me some peanuts and crackerjacks.
I don’t care if I never get back—“

“I don’t think there’s going to be any room for us,” Oceanna said. 
“Never seen the parking lot so packed,” Derie said.

“—Let me root, root, root
for the (home team)—”

The last two syllables were garbled. Twenty different baseball names were shouted and slammed in good-natured laughter.
“I want a hamburger,” little Jason said.
“Me, too, son,” Mason said, opening the door for someone to enter ahead of them—
“OCEANNA!” someone inside screamed.
Everyone turned at once.
“Oscar is cooking,” Mason said into Oceanna’s ear. “Zane is over there.” He pointed to the soda can area.
The noise was so loud in there that Oceanna had to lean into Mason’s ear as well, for him to hear. “It’s okay. It may not be as big a deal in here as I feared.”
“Oceanna! Sit here!” a group yelled. “We’re done here. Take our booth!”
Even though the place was crowded, the people cleared for the four of them. It was the same booth they were in the night before their trip to San Francisco.
Oceanna couldn’t help but be touched. While Mason, Derie and Jason crawled into the booth, and a buss-boy cleared away the previous customers’ dishes, Oceanna stood by the booth and addressed the restaurant. “You’re all crazy, you know that?”
General laughter.
Oceanna’s eyes teared quickly, as she looked at everyone. The place went quiet.
“It’s been so bleak here, by myself—maybe just in my heart. I don’t think I knew how much I’d been hurting.”
Someone near reached out to hug her, which she gratefully accepted.
Wiping her eyes, she continued. “This, by the way, is Mason—” 
A cheer went through the place.
“Mason!”
“The Mason?”
Oceanna continued, “…and this is Derie, his wife—”
“Hi Derie!”
“Good to meet you!”
Oceanna continued, “They own a feed store here in town—”
“I know! I been there! See?” The lady had one of their feed store ball caps on her head.
“Yeah! I got me some manure and a hoe—!”
“You all are just kidding around,” Mason teased them.
“Their dinner’s on me!” one transwoman said waving a hundred dollar bill in the air to the server.
People joked.
“No need—” Oceanna said.
“Yes there is!” people argued in general. “You know how many times I’ve been dumped on in my trans life!?”
Another agreed. “And you know how many people have stood up for me? None! That’s how many. Not a blessed one!”
“Some have, surely!” another said.
“Some act accepting, but it’s fake,” she said back.
“So I’m buying their dinner, and that’s the way it is!” said the first.
A server asked them what they’d like. 
“Four gold-plated burgers—hers vegetarian,” Mason said, indicating his wife.
The place laughed and joked with them.
“—four platinum orders of fries, four diamond-encrusted chocolate shakes—”
“My figure!” Oceanna said.
“Noooooooo!” People jibed.
“Everything’s dietetic in here tonight!” someone yelled.
“Speaking of which,” another transperson asked. “Where’s Jed? The guy! You know: The guy?”




CHAPTER

28


Friday, the 4th of July, late afternoon. Kingman was overwhelmed with visitors.
Streets were as packed as the restaurants. Traffic was jammed along Interstate 40 in both directions, and the airport had planes chocked beyond tie-downs in all directions.
But it was all orderly. There was a feeling of cooperation in the air, a large family reunion, as it were: People of every walk of life gathered together in a celebration of Humanity.
“No, that’s alright,” a transwoman at the gas station said out the window of her car to another car that had squeezed in ahead of her for the pump. “Where’d you come from?”
“Denver!” the other driver called back. “Just south of town. About out of gas!”
“Bring any weed with you?” the first called back. Colorado had legalized marijuana.
People around them laughed.
The woman got out of her car and approached the driver from Denver. “Just kidding,” she said.
“You don’t smoke it?” The Coloradoan asked.
“Not that: I brought my own!” she jested, then looked around for potentially concerned police. “Aaaaaahh!”
“The war on drugs is so bogus, anyway!” another driver said. “Instead of spending money to fight it, legalize it and tax it!”
“Did you bring enough for everybody?” a gay person asked, approaching the two.
“Aaaaah!” she said. “Oh, no! I’m in trouble now!”
There was a group hug among the three.

* * *

People roamed the aisles at Walmart looking for supplies.
“Miss!” a drag queen called, rounding the checkout area.
Gail was pointing quickly across the store, directing yet another group of people to products. She turned at the call. “Yes?”
“Are these heels too spikey to walk on the grass with?” she asked the G.G., the “genetic gal.”
“Four inch heels? You kidding?” Gail answered.
“How would I know? I’m from New York. What do we know from parks—  Well, there’s—”
“Central Park,” Gail offered.
“Yes. But I don’t work there. I perform on stage! I’m Chana of the East!” She turned to show the clerk how her dazzling butt pad filled out the miniskirt.
“Of course!” Gail said, enthusiastically. “Right: No way could you walk in the park with those. Better get some flats, honey, or at least ‘Granny Shoes.’ A shorter, wider heel.”
“I wouldn’t be caught dead!” the drag queen said.
“Well, you will be caught in the hospital with a broken ankle if you use those—or sink up to your eyeballs in the soil. Get stuck like Doris Day in that grate in ‘Glass Bottom Boat.’”
“Thank you, precious!” The queen hugged the clerk. “I love Doris Day!” 
“Lady!” another group of visitors said, entering Walmart. “Where’s camping supplies?”
Gail smiled and pointed for the hundredth time to the back.
“Gail!” a co-worker called, rounding cosmetics with a customer in tow. “This person says she bought a charger for her phone that’s the wrong one!”
“Customer Service at the front counter,” Gail said over her shoulder, leading her charge to the shoe department.

* * *

Cars lined up on several streets working their way into the fairgrounds area. 
“Hey mister! You want some lemonade?” An enterprising young man in his front yard pedaled his product.
“Sure,” the driver said.
The boy handed him a drink and collected a quarter.

* * *

“Park in there,” Kim said to the next car in line, “keep your keys, and if you’re camping, you can pitch your tent over in that area there. Other side of the carnival.”
Evans walked toward his wife from the stock pens in the south. “How’s it goin’?” 
“Uh!” Kim gave her spiel to the next car in line, then to Evans, “It’s a mess! No way can we fill all these people in here. We’re not going to have enough room.”
“’At’s what I thought,” Evans said. “We’re gonna have ta open up those areas down there.” He indicate the stock pens.
“Not appetizing,” Kim said.
“I ain’t talkin’ ‘bout the pens, themselves,” he told his wife as if he were talking to a dunce. Most of the area’s open land, like anywhere else.”
Kim gave her spiel to the next car in line, then to Evens. “Okay.”
“I’ve got the area in my head,” Evans said. “When you get near to filled up, up here, let me know, and start sending ‘em back.”

* * *

Gary supervised the fireworks firing area. “All setsky?” he asked the experts.
“Lookin’ good,” George said. “Been set since early this morning. I’m just checking things.”
The entire area was roped off, and security guards stood by on the edges to make sure no one strayed in.
No one, not even security guards, were allowed into the firing area—except George, himself. His rule, and one he’d to go his grave with, if necessary.
“Good. Good,” Gary said. He looked at the man’s pallets of fireworks and miles of wires leading to a simple laptop that handled pre-programmed firing sequences.
“Got it all here,” George said. “It should be dark enough by nine, or so, tonight. All goes well, I’ll wait for you to give me the command, and then begin. This is the same set-up I’ve been using, so it should go nicely.”
“Journey may still be playing,” Gary said.
“Yeah. It’d be nice to time this display to my own music, but you didn’t pay for that, so it works well that they’re here—  Hey! I know what we got here. I set up the firing sequence. If you can talk to Journey and get me the songs they plan to play, like between nine and nine thirty, and maybe their expected timing, I may be able to tweak this to use some of that—like Disneyland does? I can put in some stops to wait on me to press ‘enter,’ and hit it when the next song starts. I can do that—”  George started thinking harder. Smoke began to drift out of his ears.
“Yeah, I’m sure I can,” Gary said.
“No problem!”
“You won’t mess it up, changing it at the last minute that way?” Gary asked.
George looked at Gary like he was a moron. “I wrote the code myself so I can adjust it as needed.”

* * *

Mason strode through the carnival area making last minute preparations. He had the lead carny with him.
“You guys know what you’re doing,” he said.
“Hundred times before,” Quincy said.
“Great.” Mason looked around at people enjoying themselves. “You need anything further, ask that lady over there parking cars, or her husband. They’re working through the evening.”
Quincy looked at Mason. “You want to try your hand in a game of skill?” 
Mason gave him a half smile. “Can’t afford it,” he said. “I stick to gambling. But this is—without a doubt—the best 4th of July festival we’ve ever had here.”
A group of crossdressers bought a load of fake feather boas and played with them as they walked by.
“I love queens,” Quincy said with a chuckle.

* * *

Oceanna drove through the traffic to her mother’s facility. She parked in their parking lot and made her way inside.
Sarah met her at the door. “Oceanna, I am sooooo sorry for what Jed did!”
Oceanna made her way into the lobby, scanning for her mother, letting her eyes rest on Sarah. “Okay.” She wasn’t convinced. “You find my medical P.O.A. yet?”
“Yes we did,” Sarah confessed. “We never lost it.” She looked at Oceanna guiltily. 
“Thank you, Sarah. For saying that. Most people wouldn’t have the character.”
“I was ready to tell Jed to go do you-know-what to himself, but now I’m gonna wait ‘till he gets done with his sentence. Have you seen him today?”
“Neither hide nor hair,” Oceanna said.
“Me neither. But I hope he gets around here tonight.”
“Have you seen my mom?” Oceanna said?
“Yes. She’s in her room sleeping. She was fairly active this morning, in the day room.”
Oceanna thought, “Sarah. Could you loan me one of those rec therapists for a bit?”

* * *

Irena stood with Journey in one of their motel rooms. “Oh, my God! Oh, my God!” Irena was chuckling with excitement. “I’m standing here with you like real people, working with you!”
Band members chuckled with her. Arnel reached over to touch Neal on the shoulder. “Seems real to me.”
Ross touched Jonathan. “Real, here,” they both said.
“Oh, We’re real, honey,” Deen teased. “You want to see?” He held out his hand to Irena for a touch.
Irena jumped up and down and screamed in ecstasy: “Aaaaaaa-aaaaaaa!” 
The band members laughed with each other.
The rest of the band held out their hand to Irena for a touch.
Irena screamed even more: “Aaaaaa-aaaaa-aaaaaaaaaa!”

* * *

Gary handed George a list.




	CHAPTER

	29


Hila parked her car in the Domestic parking lot, San Francisco International Airport., “SFO.” 
She stayed in her seat, took a slow, deep breath.
Kathleen was sitting in the back seat with Fulton. 
Simi sat in the back with them, as she was skinny and the center seat was narrow.
Harry had the other front seat.
“It’s okay,” Kathleen said to Hila. “Look at us?”

* * *

Mason, Derie and Jason sat at a picnic table in the park, eating burgers and beans, drinking cokes. Derie took the meat patty out of her burger and gave it to Mason, who made himself a double-decker.
Jason dug into his beans with his fingers. “No, Jason! Use a fork!” Derie used his plastic fork and showed him how. “Like Daddy and me.” 
Jason scooped his beans and then slapped at them with the fork, playing.
“Kids!” a passing group of transpersons said, pleasantly. 
Derie smiled at them, knowingly.
One of them called as they departed, “I used to be one, myself.”
Mason took another bite out of his burger and talked while he chewed. “That’s it for me. I was ‘set-up,’ not ‘during,’ so I’m done.”
“Me, too,” Derie said, “and thank God.”
“Concert should start soon. It’s nearly seven.”
Mason’s phone rang. He pulled it out of his pocket and thumbed it. “Hi! Yes, this is Mason.”
Derie looked at him questioningly.
“It’s Regina,” Mason said to her. Then into the phone, “We’re at a picnic table east of the stage—”
Mason stood and waved his hands.
He smiled into the phone. “That’s it.”
He stepped away from the table to greet Regina and Paula who walked toward him from the fairgrounds parking area. Paula was in a mini-dress with granny sandals, and Regna was in jeans and sneakers, with a Journey T-Shirt.
“Regina!” Derie said, jumping up to give her a hug. “Hello! You’re that friend of Hila’s from Los Angeles?”
“Yes,” Regina said. “Mason, Derie, this is Paula, an associate.”
“Hi,” Paula said, shaking hands.
“You helped swing this gig?”
Paula laughed.
Regina smiled. “Only a small part of it. This was largely your doing, and Hila’s. Oceanna’s part was unwanted, but I fear an important part of it.”
“Where is she, by the way?” Mason asked the group.

* * *

The five of them walked through the parking lot and found their way to the Meeting Point at the U.S. Customs and Immigration Exit, Arrivals Level Lobby, International Terminal.
Hila stood naturally strong, but she was holding back.
“Ah,” Fulton said. “Don’t worry about it.” He slapped Hila on the back with a clap.
“It’ll be alright,” Simi and Harry said. Simi slipped her hand through Hila’s to calm her.
“Sure,” Kathleen said.
Hila looked at them as if they really didn’t get it. “Guys—” She paused to get their attention. “Look:  I’m a man, here.” She indicated herself with both hands. “This is my best dress, but it’s me in here. See?” She squeezed both her breasts with her hands. “These are fake—”
It wasn’t that it was new information; it was just a surprise to hear her say it.
“I’m bisexual,” Hila said. “My hair is long. I’ve had my beard removed. I wear makeup. I live in women’s clothes, right down to the lace panties on my hairy balls, and I’m meeting my Muslim parents from Afghanistan who have never seen me before en femme!” She looked at them, imploring them to understand and followed with an almost-sarcastic, “Hello?”
“They’re gonna kill you,” Harry confirmed. “One shot: bang! On site.”
“Why you think I’m meeting ‘em at an airline terminal?” Hila’s laughter was skittish. “Why do parents have to be so scary?”
“It’s okay. We’ll be with you.” Simi said. “You need to fix your mascara. It’s a mess.”
“I cried a little, okay?” Hila said. “I can cry, too!”
Simi recoiled before she caught herself.
“She’s not being testy with you, Simi,” Fulton said. 
Kathleen agreed. “It’s just this—situation.”
“Don’t I know,” Simi said.
“Yeah,” Hila said. “It’s a lot easier when it’s someone else.”
Harry patted Simi on the butt.
Simi held Harry’s hand there and leaned into her for a hug.
“Come over here. Your lipstick is smudged, too.” Kathleen dragged Hila to the ladies’ room.

* * *

Sarah and Oceanna watched two recreational therapists get people—mostly in wheelchairs—boarded on the special bus they use for outings.

* * *

Pop/rock recordings stopped playing.
Stage lights illuminated. Overhead floods flooded. 
Television news crews turned their cameras toward the stage.
Mayor Cori walked from the side onto the stage, stopped at a microphone in the center.
A spot light spotted her.
Everyone noticed. 
Thousands of people cheered and turned to watch.
“Hello everyone!”
Thousands cheered.
Mason, Derie, Regina and Paula stood by Jason, still at the picnic table, and watched.
“Helloooooo Kingman!” Cori said from the microphone.
More cheers.
“I’m Cori Sable, Mayor of this fine town—”
Cheers interrupted her.
The mayor continued. “—and we’re glad to have you all here! Don’t’ let Arizona’s history of trying not to accept LGBT worry you—”
The crowd broke into cheers for the mayor and jeers for Arizona.
“—but we’re working on that!” she yelled into the mike.
A transman walked onto the stage from the side, unbidden.
Everyone noticed and cheered for him, too.
Cori turned to see him there.
He walked up to Cori and put his arm around her waist—kissed her square on the lips, long and hard.
Thirty thousand people went wild, screaming and hooting.
After a few seconds, Cori gave into the kiss and put her arms around his neck.
The crowd screamed even harder.
“Aaaaaaaaaahhh!”
“Oooooooooohhh!”
“Noooo waaaaay!”
Excited laughter.
“Kiss her!”
“Go for it, man!”
“They’re gonna do it right there!”
After a time, the man let go of Cori, smiled to the crowd, and stood back a step to let her finish talking.
Cori stood there, not talking at all.
The crowd teased her.
“Whassamatter!?”
“Cat got your tongue?”
“He got your tongue?”
“Ha, ha, ha! She can’t talk! He blew her mind!”
“Who is that?” someone with a loud voice asked.
Cori patted her lips with her hands and turned Ferrari red. “Uh—” she said.
“Fluent mind freeze, it looks like to me,” someone yelled.
“Who is he?” someone else asked.
“Uh—  That’s Luke,” Cori said. “He’s a guy—  We just met a little bit ago—”
The crowd laughed at and with her.

* * *

The camera on T.V. cut from a close-up of Cori’s embarrassed face to pan the area, showing some thirty to forty thousand people over-filling the park, the streets, and the carnival sites.
“We should have gone,” Merie said on the couch in Manhattan.
“We should have gone,” Jerie said beside her.

* * *

Mason was laughing so hard he had to lean over on the picnic table to keep his balance.
Paula was slapping him on the back.
Regina smiled at him in humor.
“What am I missing?” Oceanna said, pushing her mom in a wheelchair up to them.
“Osh!” Derie said, running over to hug her.
Regina also hugged her, as did Paula.
Mason continued slapping the table but recovered enough to talk to Oceanna. “The mayor’s been holding out on us,” he said, pointing to the stage. “That dude just planted a monster smacker on her—”
“And this must be your mother?” Regina asked Oceanna, leaning down to be eye-level with her.
“Emily,” Oceanna shared. “Yes.” Oceanna stroked her mom’s hair, who looked at Regina and smiled.
“You’ve come with Oceanna to a concert this evening?” Regina asked Emily.
“A concert!” Emily said.
“Yes! That’s right!” Oceanna said, encouraged with a lucid moment. She leaned down to get closer to her mother, as well. “We’re going to see a concert tonight. I love you, Mom!”
“I love you, too,” Emily said.
From the stage, Mayor Cori finished her introductions. “So now!” She looked at the audience, teasing them with a long pause.
The crowd took the bait.
“Yes!”
“Alright already!” 
Some people whistled and complained.
“So now!” Cori said again. 
Journey band members began walking out onto stage to get their instruments ready.
The crowd was deafening, jumping up and down, screaming.
Luke walked up to Cori and spoke into the microphone for her. “Ladies and gentlemen! The group you’ve all been waiting for—”
The crowd screamed harder.
“JOURNEY!” 
It was non-stop screaming from the crowd.
Luke took Cori by the waist and led her off stage with a devilish grin.
The music began immediately: haunting, upbeat songs of life and love.
“Wheel in the Sky” was the first. 
The crowd pressed closer to the stage and sang with them.

“…Wheel I the sky keeps on turnin’
I don’t know where I’ll be tomorrow…”

The sun in the early evening made everything glow. 
Sparkling lights in the trees gave the area a romantic feel.
The carnival in the distance…
Oceanna look at it all. People were there, together. In harmony. She looked more closely. Mason was in his usual cowboy boots, dancing with Derie and Jason to the music, hand in hand.
Others were as well—their life continuing in harmony, in spite of the fact that they were outnumbered three-to-one with transpeople.
“There’s something magical in the air, here,” Oceanna yelled to Regina.
Regina shook her head side-to-side and pointed to her ear. She smiled and leaned closer to Oceanna.
“There’s something magical in the air, tonight,” Oceanna said.
Regina nodded vociferously. 
Oceanna pointed several groups out to Regina. “Look how everyone’s getting along!”
“Yes. I see it!” Regina shouted back to Oceanna. “I feel it, too.”
“You think Journey did it?” Oceanna asked.
“Yes,” Regina said. “Journey. And you. And the people. Look at them. This was right to happen.”
Mason walked back to Regina. “Come on. We got to dance.”
“I don’t—  It’s not my forté,” Regina said. 
“You can do it!” Mason said.
“I don’t really know how, but I claim I’m trying to present a dignified persona—”
“Nonsense! You got to learn the Texas Two Step—”
Regina looked at Oceanna for help.
Oceanna smiled at Regina. “I’ve been keeping up with him since last week. Now it’s your turn.”
“What is the Texas Two Step?” Regina asked Mason.
“It is so-named because the folks in Texas can’t add to save their life.” Mason took Regina’s right hand and held it in his left. He put his right arm around her waist and pulled her in tight.
Derie, Oceanna and others watching laughed at them.
Mason started moving the song. “The Texas Two Step is a three-beat dance to a four-beat song. Like this.”
“And these are the people who promote Reparative Therapy for gays?” Regina asked.
Mason laughed. “I take the joke for them. But actually, it’s a good dance. Got some ‘Swing’ to it. Watch.”
Mason held Regina’s hips to his own, so she had to follow, and he began moving her around the area. “One, two, three-and—one, two, three-and…”
Regina stumbled over everything a few times, getting some of it, but then begged herself out at the moment the song was ending.
“Thank you,” she said, “But that’s more dancing than I’ve done in a decade.”
Journey began singing a gentle, loving tune. 
Mason tipped his hat to Regina and took Derie in his arms for the next song: “After all these Years.”

“…And I’m proud of all the blessings
You have given me
The mountains we have climbed to get this far
You learn to take the laughter with the tears
After all these years…”

Journey swooned everyone.
Arnel Pineda loved the audience through the microphone.
People who had been holding hands and swaying together began to dance, slowly, to the music.
The song captivated everyone and seemed to go on forever. 
A group of three transpersons slowly squeezed their way through the crowd. One of them checked her Twitter account. “#plumbing: Oh, my Goddess above, look at that. a hundred port-a-potties over there.”

* * *

It was time.
Hila was getting antsy.
Simi, lost in a dream, felt the urge and took out her cell phone, pressed icons for her music, selecting “After all these Years.”
She took Hila by the hand and drew her near, reaching up to hug her deeply. “It’s okay, Hila. It’s okay.”
Hila’s parents came around a corner and stared at her.
Her friends stood back to give her room.
Hila’s mother grabbed Hila by the neck and held on for the longest time.
Continuing to hold her mother, Hila also looked at her father, who stood with a smirk on his face, yet who remained.
Hila held her mother to the side and showed her father. She took her dress in her hands and spread the skirt a little to show it off.
Hila looked to her friends, who smiled at her, and she introduced her parents to them.

“After all these Years” continued to play, as if by magic, from the walls, everywhere.

“…After all these years
You stood by me…”

They walked across a ramp and onto a chartered Gulfstream jet. Connie Lauder met them and closed the cabin door.

* * *

Journey’s song penetrated the world’s television set and mindset. News cameras captured the moment and broadcast it all over the world.
Couples in Cleveland held hands, sharing the concert with people from Florida and France.
Groups in Gaza and Israel stopped fighting to stare at the spectacle.
Trans groups in Russia, China, India, Kenya, Afghanistan—and even Saudi Arabia, with an internet connection—embraced each other, where ever they were.

* * *

Oceanna lowered her head by her mother’s, trying to talk with her over the music. Oceanna motioned to two rec therapists behind her, and, with the help of a gait belt around her middle, they helped her into a standing position.
Oceanna stood with her mother and embraced her as if she’d never let go.
Mason, Derie, Regina, Paula—everyone—noticed and came over to embrace them as a group—when Hila approached.
“Hila!” Derie ran to her and embraced her. “It’s you, isn’t it!”
Simi ran to Mason—
Kathleen took Wajia and Fulton took Asfand to meet Regina, Oceanna, and anyone else nearby.
Connie Lauder’s cameraman caught everything on video and sent it around the world.
“How did you get here?” Mason asked Hila.
Hila, tears running down her cheeks, mascara hopelessly ruined, shook her head and raised her shoulders.
“Open Arms” began, and people sang with it, arm in arm, swaying.
“Excuse me,” Harry said to Asfand, reaching across him to take Simi’s hand. They started dancing slowly together, when Harry moved to kiss Simi long and hard on the lips.
Asfand’s eyes raised and his mouth opened.
Hila leaned over and spoke to both his parents over the music. “And what’s more, one of them used to be a guy.”
Asfand looked at them inquisitively.
Wajia laughed at him.
Kathleen and Fulton began to sing along with Arnel, as did most other people, in unison:

“… IIIIIIIIII need you to staaaaay!”
So now I come to you
With open arms
Nothing to hide
Believe what I say …”

Twilight fell to night.
The sparkling lights in the trees were the major source of illumination throughout the area, other than the lights from the stage, itself.
Mason noticed a couple of people approaching from the right.
He signaled Derie and their group.
Derie turned to look. “What?” Derie started laughing, her hands alternately covering her face and slapping her thighs.
Connie Lauder’s cameraman turned to video the interest.
Connie laughed.
Paula looked at her and joined in, laughing. “That’s them?” she asked.
Jed and Frank walked up to them—slowly, even timidly—in drag, ankles teetering on heels that were sinking into the grass. They wore matching blue-print mini dresses with a purse on an elbow, wigs, and full-face makeup.
Mason’s laugh was not derisive, but in genuine humor, as he tried to cope with what he was seeing.
Jed’s face was a mixture of extreme pain, forced pretense at casual happiness, and—maybe something else.
“Hello,” Jed said to everyone, shouting over the music. He looked at Oceanna and cracked a shaky smile that obviously took all he had. Jed paused, evidently searching for strength. “I’m—” he swallowed. 
Oceanna smiled.
Jed looked around at others and then slowly back to Oceanna. “I’m Sheila—” He swished his hips a little, as if in afterthought to match his guise.
Derie couldn’t take it and bawled laughter at anyone nearby.
Jed continued. “I’m Sheila, and I’m a girl and it’s nice to hang out with my fellow transgenders—”
“And I’m Karen,” Frank said, following Jed with ease. He stuck out his hand for a shake, and got several. “Thank you,” he said kindly.
After Hila’s laughter quieted a little—  “Jed! You’re beautiful! But what do I know! I can’t tell E.L.O. from R.E.O.!”
Oceanna laughed.
“You got the whole thing?” Hila grabbed Jed’s dress and pulled it up to his chest to see his panties, complete with a tucked erection.
Jed’s fought to get his dress back down and held it tightly around his thighs, squirming to get away from Hila. His initial reaction was anger: “I don’t—!” but he overcame his feelings and forced his femme. It seemed his mouth wanted to move to different words, but what came out was a shaky, “I love my panties.”
“I can see that,” Hila said.
Jed’s face was fire truck red. When he covered his face with his hands, his purse flopped on his elbow, and his wig went slightly askew.
“You’re more feminine than I would have thought,” Paula said. “I like your dress.”
“She got the same kind for me,” Frank said. “I don’t see why I couldn’t have the pink one. It was much prettier. And the longer hair—”
Mason’s broad smile was friendly. He clapped Frank on the shoulder. 
Derie comforted him. “You’re beautiful, Karen. And you’re not the only one to ever have to wear the same dress. You should a’ seen me at my prom.”
“What did you wear?” Karen asked.
“I thought it was beautiful,” Derie said, “but it was the same as—I literally mean this—exactly the same as the Susie Ackerman’s: off-white with pink flowers, down to here.” Derie showed Karen her knees.
Karen looked compassionate.
Oceanna was taking it all in. “Look—Sheila. You know you’re never gonna live this down?”
Kim and Evans walked by them, noticing “Sheila” and “Karen.” They laughed and continued on their way.
Jed gave them a forced, “I’m a girl, and I like my clothes.”
Paula stepped forward to kiss Jed on the lips, smearing his lipstick.
Jed stiffened and pushed Paula away. “Are you a man?” Jed asked.
Paula nodded. “Underneath it all. And you’re a girl, so—” Paula leaned in for more.
Jed’s face twisted in a mixture of willpower and disgust.
Paula, laughter and all, grabbed Jed by the waist and began dancing with him, in front of the rest, through the rest of “Open Arms.”

“… So here I am
With Open Arms
Hoping you’ll see
What your love means to me …”

“I get to lead!” Paula said, switching hand positions. “New girls don’t know how to dance.”
“Jed!” Oceanna said, smiling at the poor man.
“Sheila,” Jed corrected through a shaky smile, while Paula turned him.
“Sheila, then,” Oceanna said. “Look. How long you have to do this?”
“A month,” Frank said. “Everything in life, even sex.”
Derie laughed and slapped Oceanna on the back.
“Okay! Sheila? Are you and Paula dating, now?” Oceanna asked.
“She’s my girlfriend,” Jed said, his face scrunched. “It’s my life, and I need to accept who I am.”
“You don’t need to go that far,” Regina said. “I’m the one who talked to the judge—”
“No, it’s okay,” Jed said. “I need her. I’m in love—and a little pain.”
Regina held out her hand to Jed. “Really—” she began. “That’s not what the judge meant—”
“That’s right,” Judge Back said, pulling up beside them, sporting a cheap wig from the vendor.
Everyone greeted him.
“Judge!”
“Your Honor!”
“Hello, Judge, I’m Dr. Isler—” Regina said, extending her hand for an introductory shake.
“Fine, fine!” Judge Back said. “But here, I’m just little ol’ Hank, if you will. Come to see the show! How you doin’ there, Sheila! Lookin’ good!”
Jed smiled at the judge and leaned up to kiss Paula on the mouth again, tongue and all. He pressed his hips into Paula.
Judge Back looked at those around him. “I never mentioned that.”
“I wouldn’t, either,” Asfand said to him.
“But there he goes,” Hila said.
Regina leaned over to the judge. “Seeking opprobrium?”
The judge shrugged.
Jed kissed Paula again, tenderly, and leaned into her.
“Or,” Regina said. “Maybe it was in there.”
“Look, Sheila,” Oceanna said. “I’m okay, now. I forgive you, just for showing up, okay? We’re all good from here.”
Paula held Jed at arms’ length and looked him in the eyes.
“That was the three-second stare!” Oceanna said to Regina.
“What does that mean?” Asfand asked.
“I think it means he’s in,” Mason said to him.
Hila laughed. “Or that Paula will be!”
“Or both,” Derie said.
“Probably both,” Oceanna said.
Connie leaned in to her cameraman with a questioning look.
Her cameraman nodded to her.
“Oh, this is the best,” Connie said to him.
Jed pulled Paula’s head closer and spoke into her ear, none too quietly. “Take me to your car! I beg you!”
Paula took Sheila by the hand and walked over to Regina. “Regina! Gimme the keys. Quick.” Paula took the keys and lead Sheila away.
Sheila held onto Paula’s hand with both her hands. They walked away, hurriedly, together. Frank followed at a distance.
“Okay!” Oceanna said.
The judge smiled.
Mason imitated Ed Sullivan: “And that’s the way it is.”
“Answers a few questions,” Oceanna said.
There was a slight pause after “Open Arms.” 
Gary, offstage, nodded to the band and spoke into a walkie-talkie.
Janathan nodded back and began playing a soft, loving tune on his keyboard.
The first fireworks fired into the air behind the audience, in the fairgrounds behind them—just a few—first one, then two, slowly, gracefully, arcing over their eastern sky in sync with the prelude.
Simi and Harry held each other and cherished the beauty of it, along with the—forty?—forty thousand around them.
In his enchanting voice, Arnel began to sing “Faithfully”:

“Highway run
Into the Midnight Sun
Wheels go round and round
You’re on my mind …”

People gathered together in groups of two or a few and held each other, dancing together in place, or swaying together as a unit, side-to-side.
The trees sparkled love to everyone.
Fireworks played to the music.
“Oh!” Derie melted into Mason’s arms, who swayed with her.
Regina stood with the judge. 
Both smiled from ear to ear.
“I had to come here, but I don’t have to like it,” Asfand said to his wife, his arms folded across his chest.
“You—are not as terrible as you sound. Give me some love,” Wajia said to him, grabbing him around the waist for a slow dance. “Lets share a dance with our daughter.”
Asfand’s face was aghast, but he danced.
Sarah, from the SNiF, led her group in song. She raised her arms above her head, encouraging others, most in wheelchairs, to do the same. She smiled at them and moved her hands side-to-side.
Transpersons near them helped encourage them as well, raising their arms, swaying side to side, singing the lyrics with Arnel.
Oceanna’s mother continued to stand, always with a rec therapist holding onto her gait belt. Oceanna put her arms around her mother and swayed a little for her. Hila came over and put her arms around both Oceanna and her mother.
“That’s family,” Hila said.
Oceanna kissed Hila on the lips.
Hila glanced at her father.
Asfand didn’t miss a bit of it.
Wajia laughed at him. “Would you rather have her killing people with a machine gun?”
“No!” On that, Asfand was clear.
“Oshie,” Emily said.
Oceanna saw more than heard her mother and broke into tears, hugging her. “Yes, Mom! Yes. I’m Oshie! I love you, Mom!”
Hila could see what had happened, and held onto both of them, swaying with them.
Asfand put his hand on Hila’s shoulder.
Arnel Pineda kept singing “Faithfully”:

“… And being apart
Ain’t easy on this love affair
Two strangers learn to fall in love again …”

Mason looked at the beautiful evening and kissed his wife on the ear. “Thank you,” he said to Derie.
Cradling Jason against their legs in a three-way family hug, Derie melted into Mason, kissing him on the neck, running her fingers through his short hair. “Thank you,” she said back to him.
Derie saw their friend Jerry, off to the side, pressing his way through the crowd with another man in tow. She pointed it out to Mason who smiled.
Jerry waved at them, and he and the other man began to dance, slow, together.
“Well,” Derie said. “Maybe Kingman will loosen up, after all.”
“It was here all the time,” Mason said. “Like Osh and Hila said. It must have hurt to keep it in.”
Arnel mesmerized the crowd with the melody.
The crowd of forty-five thousand faced the stage and sang with him, hands in the air, all swaying together in unison.
Fireworks blew gently behind them.

“… Whooa, oh-oh-ooh
Whooa, oh-oh-ooh …”

Harry kissed Simi yet again …

“… I’m forever yours
Ever yours
Faithfully.”

Jonathan began the next song on the keyboard.
The crowd screamed, recognizing it.
Someone threw five cheap wigs onto the stage. The band members picked them up and put them on, without missing a beat.
The crowd went wild for them.
“They’re good!”
Gary spoke again into his radio.

“Just a small town girl
Livin’ in a LONELY world …”

The crowd sang with Arnel.
Fulton tapped Harry on the shoulder. “I’d like to dance with my daughter, if I may,” he said to her.
“Sure.” Harry let him have her and moved back to stand with Oceanna, her mom and their group.
Fulton took Simi in his arms, his left hand out.
Simi let him, her right hand out.
Fulton giggled. “This feels like prom night!”
Simi giggled with him. “I know, and I’m so happy. Thank you, Daddy.”
“Me?” Fulton grabbed her more tightly and swirled her around in a circle. “You’ve come home! Everybody!” He yelled, tears in his eyes.
Everybody looked.
“This is my daughter!” Fulton yelled. “And I am so proud!” 
People clapped and cheered.
Fulton took her back in his arms and danced. “Your hair smells like your mothers,” he said.
“We use the same conditioner, I think,” Simi said.
“Maybe more than that.”
Simi cried into her father’s shoulder. 
Kathleen joined them for a three-way dance, hugging them both closely. 
Fireworks built with the song, bursting faster in the fairgrounds.
Simi raised her voice to their ears. “Love can sooooo change your life.”
One transwoman played air-guitar.
Another played air-keyboard.
A guy played air-drums …

“… It goes on and on and on and on
Strangers waiting
Up and down the boulevard
Their shadows searching
In the night …”

Jed and Frank—Sheila and Karen—walked onto the stage from the right.
Jed was shaky on his feet, but—
“Is it me,” the judge said to Regina, “or does he look—satisfied?”
Regina laughed in happiness.
Karen held Sheila’s waist and guided her to the microphone beside Arnel, who smiled and let them come.
The band played the musical interlude, stretching it a little, improvising.
Karen put Sheila by the mike.
“Life’s a Journey!” she said into it.
The crowd whistled and cheered for her.
Sheila showed them her dress. “You like it?”
“Love it!
“Take it off!”
People laughed.
“I’m very sorry,” she said to everyone. 
“No problem!” several people from the crowd shouted.
Sheila moved to the side, and Frank spoke into the mike. “I didn’t choose this one. She did. I wanted the pink one.”
People laughed.
A dozen camera crews and a thousand phones caught it all.
Sheila and Frank walked off stage to the left.
Gary spoke into his radio.
Fireworks blew faster and faster.
Arnel sang the song,

“… Workin’ hard to get my fill
Everybody wants a thrill …”

The crowd was in non-stop bedlam, some waving hands more vigorously to Arnel.
People danced and laughed together, pumping their hands in the air to the beat—until Journey finished the song—


“… Don’t stop believin’
Hold on to that feelin’ …”

—and concluded in a flurry of applause, whistles and cheers.
The gracious band blew kisses to the audience and waved for a long time, eventually leaving the stage, smiles large.
The audience begged for an encore.
“Noooooo-oooooooooooo!”
“Come back!”
“Whaddya doin’!”
“Bands always do this. There has to be an encore!”
“What will they play?”
“Something to leave us jazzed!”
“Coooooome baaaaack!”
People whistled and screamed. Someone whistled particularly loudly and a man in front of him bent over to avoid the painful sound.
“Sorry!” the man behind said.
“No! Keep doing it!”
After a couple of minutes, Journey walked back onto the stage.
“Bands always do that,” Derie said, a broad smile on her face.
The band took up their instruments and began singing hard and fast into the mikes.

“Any way you want it!
That’s the way you need it!
Any way you want it!”

The judge grabbed Regina’s hand and dragged her into the crowd beside Simi and her parents. The judge’s dance was crude but inspired.
Regina laughed with him and did little twirl.  “Oceanna! Hila!” Regina called.
Oceanna saw her, but the music was too loud to hear her. She tapped Hila on the shoulder and flagged her hand in Regina’s direction. 
“Your mother!” Hila shouted, ineffectively.
Oceanna looked at her mother. 
“Emily!” Hila pointed to Oceanna’s mother, who had sat back down in the wheelchair.
Oceanna waved her hands at Sarah and the one rec therapist they had at that time and motioned to Regina and everyone.
“This way!” Regina yelled.
Sarah nodded and pushed Emily’s wheelchair to follow.
Fireworks blew in the sky, building through the song.
Harry, Simi, Kathleen and Fulton saw Oceanna and everyone gathering, so they moved over to join.
“Anyway You Want It” became “Separate Ways (Worlds Apart),” and the entire assemblage of what-had-grown to nearly fifty thousand people danced together in unison: jumping up and down together, arms overhead, hands pumping the air to the beat:

“… Someday love will find you
Break those chains that bind you
One night will remind you
How we touched
And went our separate ways …”

Wajia grabbed Asfand’s hand and dragged him into their group. 
Sheila and Karen joined them.
Regina put her arm around Sheila, and Hila put hers around Karen.
A nearby transwoman kissed a woman on the mouth.
Wajia closed Asfand’s mouth and wrapped him in a vigorous embrace, laughing in his ear.
“Admit you are a softie!” Wajia shouted into his ear.
“What?!” Asfand said back to her.
Wajia grabbed Sheila and brought her to Asfand, wrapping Asfand’s arms around her.
“Dance!” Wajia said.
Asfand couldn’t hear her, but the meaning was clear enough. He started dancing with Sheila, jumping up and down to the beat of the music.
Emily sat in her wheelchair and clapped along with the beat of the music.
“Lovely!” Regina said to Oceanna’s mother.
Emily looked up.
Oceanna motioned to Sarah, in effect, “Can she stand again?”
Sarah nodded, and she and the rec therapist helped Emily stand once again.
Oceanna hugged her mother as always.
Mason and Derie joined them, everyone embraced them.
Connie left her cameraman behind and jumped in with them.
Her cameraman called after her, but he couldn’t be heard. He found a picnic table and stood on top of it, taking in the entire scene.
Sheila saw Paula.
“Whaaaaaaaat are you dooooooooo-ing?” Sheila yelled.
Regina saw Pala and took her by the hand to join them.
Sheila took Paula by the other hand and led her in.
Mason reached over to shake Sheila’s hand but got a hug, instead.
“You! There’s no going back for you, is there?” Mason yelled to Sheila.
Sheila kissed him on the cheek.
Mason laughed. “You going to live here in Kingman?”
“I don’t know!” Sheila’s eyes teared.
Paula kissed Sheila again on the neck, and the two forgot to dance.
Journey played their hearts out on stage.
Arnel sang his love to a grateful audience.

“… I still love you, girl
I really love you, girl
And if he ever hurts you
True love won’t desert you
Nooooooooooo
Nooooooooooo …”

Gary stood to the side of the stage and spoke into his radio.
The fireworks built immediately into a climactic flurry.
“That guy is good,” Gary said to himself. He smiled in satisfaction and turned toward the stairs that lead down from the stage—bumping his wife, Irena, who was coming up.
He smiled.
They looked at Journey playing so hard.
Mason saw Gary and Irena from the audience and reached out to hold Derie’s and Jason’s hand, turning together to look at the scene around them: a warm, summer’s evening, sparkling trees, fireworks popping in the background, with conservatives and liberals dancing arm in arm, each accepting that the other is, while continuing to be him- or herself self at the same time, sharing life together.




EPILOGUE


The whole family walked into Nordstrom. Kathleen started picking dresses off a rack.
Simi wrinkled her nose. “I don’t wear things like that!”
“What about Christmas?” her mother said.
Larry, Simi’s taller-but-little, 20-year-old, evil brother home from college, began to laugh through his teeth and chanted like a kid, “Simi’s gonna get girl clothes!”
“Larry!” Fulton admonished, obviously trying to stifle his own chuckle.
Harry smiled but hit both of them in the stomach with the back of her hands.
Simi looked embarrassed.
Larry bent over in laughter and pointed at her.
“Mom! Tell him to stop!” Simi demanded.
Kathleen turned on them. “You three get out of here. Go watch sports down at Hooters or something!” 
They didn’t move.
“Go on! Scoot! Shoo! Get out of here!”
“Okay! Okay!” 
The three turned and filed out.
Kathleen turned back to her work. “Grown up or not, you’re still my daughter, and you need something nice to wear!” 
“Dude, I’m gay!” Simi said in protest.
Kathleen pulled another dress off a rack. “Take this!” She shoved a dress in Simi’s arms and pushed her toward the dressing rooms.
Simi tried it on. “This is horrible!”
Kathleen opened the door to Simi’s dressing room and looked. “Right.”
“So why’d you give it to me?”
“Because I’m not a dude!” 
Simi pulled the dress over her head and threw it at her mother.
Back at the racks, Kathleen pointed out. “See this?” She held up a dress. “You don’t want this material. This slinky fabric won’t work for you. You have—  Your figure is not—”
“I know,” Simi said.
“Your abdomen is a little larger than it should be—” At Simi’s expression, Kathleen corrected: “You’re skinny! But it’s still larger than one would expect for a model.” 
“I drive a Harley!”
Kathleen called out to a passing sales lady. “Miss! You have a corset?” 
In the dressing room, Simi tied the corset around her middle.
Kathleen opened the dressing room door enough to shove in another dress. 
Simi took it with a face. “Sleeveless?”
“Your arms are fine,” Kathleen said, “But you need some hips. This one’s got a stiffer fabric, and it’s pleated at the waist.”
Simi tried it on.
Kathleen opened the door and stopped to look. “Better,” she said with a smile. She zipped Simi’s dress up the back and handed Simi a slip and some pantyhose. “Thank God you shaved your legs.”
“You’re kidding!” Simi complained. 
“On!” Kathleen ordered. “And panties off!”
“Why?”
“You don’t need both!”
Kathleen led Simi through Nordstrom’s to the shoe department.
“No heels!” Simi asserted. 
“You’re short enough, and they shape the back of your calf!” Kathleen said. “Men like it—”
Simi leaned in to her mother’s ear and spoke accusingly: “Who cares!”
“Sex isn’t everything!”
“I can feel these pantyhose crawl over my skin every time I move!”
Kathleen turned to a sales lady. “Flats. Neutral. Chanel-esque.”
Shoes on, Kathleen studied Simi. “Hair.”
“Keep it simple, will you?” Simi told the stylist.
Hair done, Kathleen studied Simi some more. “Makeup!” 
Simi was about at her limit.
“Sit there like a lady and put up with it!” 
Simi sat on the stool by the cosmetics counter. Her dress draped the sides of her legs.
“Cross your legs,” Kathleen said.
“Hard to do on this stool!”
Kathleen leaned in close to Simi and spoke firmly. “Then cross your ankles, but keep your knees together! Even if you weren’t in a dress—”
“They don’t naturally fall that way—”
“A lady keeps her knees together!”
A cosmeticist walked up to the counter with a smile. “Can I help you?”
“Chanel, please.”
Simi rolled her eyes.
“Foundation, eyeliner, shadow, mascara, rouge, lip liner, lipstick—the works—but light. The ‘no-makeup’ look. Oh, and, uh: Don’t paint lips on her as if she didn’t have any. Use her existing lips. Just do them. And set the ones we like aside. We want them.”
“Mom! I’ll look like a clown,” Simi complained.
The cosmeticist looked at Kathleen knowingly.
“Kids!” Kathleen said.


Kathleen stood a little to the side and watched a calm, serene Simi walk into Hooters.
Heads turned at the door, then the register, then the tables.
Men and women alike stopped what they were doing to see. Television monitors blared, but no one watched them.
The upper half of Simi’s hair was pulled back behind her ears and held by an elegant clip over the lower half that was allowed to drape the nape of her neck in a turn over the dropped rear collar of her dress. Her dress was a light blue almost-print, sleeveless, zippered up the back, with a matching belt, pleated at her narrow waist. It hung just below her knees, allowing her fine calves to show over neutral flats that matched the delicate bag over her left shoulder. Her face was done equally well: soft and elegant, a refined look of natural grace.
Embarrassed but stately, Simi slowly approached the table where her lover, Harry, and her father and little brother were watching sports on a T.V. monitor.
Simi looked to her mother, then to herself, then to her family at the table. She could not believe how beautiful she felt—

* * *

BANG! 
The window exploded through the cockpit of the chopper.
Blood splattered across the panel to the windows on the other side.
The co-pilot screamed—
People were yelling, fighting—
The chopper crashed into buildings below—

* * *

Simi’s head moved slightly aside as she fought her memory.
Her eyes teared. 
She looked at her mother with a worried face.
Kathleen touched Simi’s hand.
Her little brother happened to notice first.
His jaw dropped. “Wha—?”
Harry and Fulton turned to see. Their reaction was the same.
No one said anything.
Simi fought her tears.

* * *

Starve me! Beat me!
Tied at the wrists, suspended above the floor, tears dripped from her onto the pool of blood, urine, and feces beneath her.
You can do nothing to me that God hasn’t already done worse, she knew. Nobody knew. Nobody would care if they did how painful her life had been for so long—how cringingly painful her every moment of life had been as a male, how torturous it had always felt that she wasn’t, that she couldn’t be female. You have no idea! No idea! You can’t hurt me!
God! Let me die!


The little boy cried throwing his brand new Christmas truck into the trash.
“No, Mommy!” He fought through daemons to reach his mother and grabbed her skirt, begging her to understand. “Mooooomy!”


As an adolescent, he looked in the bathroom mirror in horror at the changes in his body.


He ran with his platoon—

* * *

 “Simi,” Harry said softly, slowly moving to stand near her.
Fulton and Larry scrambled to their feet, following Harry’s example.
Other tables watched in silence.
Kathleen didn’t move.
After a time, Fulton put his napkin down on the table and made his way around to Simi, standing before her.
He reached out with both his hands to touch hers.
Simi’s eyes teared, but she didn’t let them fall. She struggled to bring a gentle smile to her face and looked into his eyes.
Her father reached up with his right hand and brushed her left cheek, back to her ear.
A small tear crept below her right eye.
Fulton slowly brushed the tear away from Simi’s right cheek. He looked at her, at their family, then back to Simi—more deeply into her eyes than before.
Slowly, Fulton hugged his daughter in a full embrace—the length of his arms wrapped snugly around her back—kissing the side of her head. He held her still: no rubs, no pats. He just held her.
Kathleen’s eyes began to tear.
Fulton kissed the side of his daughter’s ear and spoke to her in a simple statement that said it all. “Simi, this is you.”
Simi’s tears began to flow more readily.
Kathleen took a napkin off a table and dabbed Simi’s face. “Don’t let those tears get on your dress. They’ll stain.”
Simi laughed briefly, which broke the tension.
Fulton turned to the family. “Everyone—”
Harry hugged Simi—indelicately. Simi hugged her back and gave her a light kiss on the lips.
Kathleen jumped. “Don’t smudge your lipstick—!”
“I know, Mom,” Simi said back to her.
Harry moved over to admit Larry.
“I’m sorry,” her brother said to her. He hugged her. “She’s wearing a bra!”
“What did you expect!” Simi shot back.
Harry turned on Larry, but Kathleen intervened with a sharp look. 
Simi regained her grace.
Harry turned around and pulled out a chair for Simi.
Simi glanced at her mother and moved in gracefully to sit in the chair, knees together, and she instinctively coordinated with Harry to move the chair closer to the table. She linked her ankles together and sat her purse in the chair beside her.
The rest of the family took their seats together at the table.
After a time, a waitress walked slowly to the table, gave them water and left menus with them. “When you’re ready.”
Harry handed Simi a napkin and sat in the chair next to her.
Simi laid the napkin on her lap.
People at surrounding tables went back to their meals.
“Thank you,” Fulton said to Simi. “For coming home.”
“Thank you so much!” Kathleen said, crying a little, laying her head briefly on Fulton’s shoulder.
Harry held Simi’s hand under the table.
“I can’t get a girl, and but she does?” Larry said in frustration. “What kind of crap is that?”
“It just happened,” Simi said.
“Not many girls at Comic-Con?” Harry asked. “Nerd.”
“No, not actually,” Larry said.
“You’ll get one,” Fulton said. “Give it time. Some women like geniuses.” 
“I do,” Simi said.
“Thanks,” Harry said. 
“You, too, Larry.” Simi said.
“Fat lot of good it does me if they don’t say anything.”
The server came back to take their order. She was very beautiful.
Larry spoke to her. “You like genius nerds who will get their doctorate from Stanford who are socially awkward and a little gangly but do research to save the world for too little money?” 
The server took a second to group then smiled at him.
Simi could feel herself, sitting with her family. 
She felt a calm she had never known, a peace. For the first time in her life, she sat fulfilled, without worry or pain, in the hope she could simply live her life—
She stopped to explore her thought.
She could feel her hair on her head and the way it fell to her neck and back. She could feel her breasts, her genitalia, her legs—all those outside things, for sure, but—  She explored further. The difference was inside, where no one could see. Inside. Was it the hormones on her brain? Affecting her mind? No—yes! No! Not just that, she was sure; it was that her body was in so much closer sync with what she had always known she needed.
The young child who begged God every minute of every day: Please help me!
She looked at her soft hands.
People at the table noticed.
“She doesn’t know what to do with her hands,” her brother teased.
“Yes, she does,” Harry said, teasing the sex-starved nerd.
But it was even more than that, she knew. She looked around the table at her lover, at her family—her little brother, her mom and dad, Harry. She remembered friends she had made and how they treated her. The peace she knew, the joy she felt, wasn’t just from becoming more herself; it was also their acceptance—her family and friends who accepted her as the person she needed to be.
Her smile changed, slowly, subtly, from one of grace in presentation to one of true joy. 
She nodded to her mother, who smiled in return, shedding another tear of happiness.




ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Aimee Norin writes about transsexual and transgender experiences in an effort to entertain and illustrate aspects of phenomena which are rarely shared. Ideologies are usually in dispute, so in her books, characters experience lives and share views which are all different. Usually, there are multiple views given within each novel, and some novels as a whole present views quite different from other Aimee Norin novels. As well, her characters are normal in their humanity in that they also have issues in life with which they struggle while they search for love and happiness. 
Trans lifestyles are not yet commonly accepted in most societies, and transpersons are usually heavily schachtered on an ongoing basis, with daily diminutions, or “daily dimunitions,” as they are sometimes felt. Prejudices and oppressions, soft and loud, misleading and painful, can exist for a transperson throughout life in more ways that can be known or counted—not just in larger, social exclusions but also in assumptions closer people make that also keep transpersons on the fringe. A person living in these lifestyles may have to deal with all that on a daily basis—while at the same time needing to wear a smile, interacting with those same, oppressive people at work, in public, or at home, in such a way as to downplay internal fear and pain: smiling while hurting.
Saying things are fine when they’re not.
Aimee’s experience is that most people do not really understand transpersons and tend to keep them at arm’s length. People have opinions, and they may believe they understand—because they’ve treated patients, or known some transpersons elsewhere, or had one in the family. But those contacts are superficial and rare compared to a mutually interactive, decades-long, daily involvement, through every situation good and bad, or even actually being a transperson in self. 
Aimee believes if most people got to know transpersons more closely—if they gained enough trust to be admitted to inner thoughts and private experiences, if they were to show the courage to ask insightful questions, if they were open to new ideas as they emerged—a different, more human, and more genuine reality could well emerge with reasons revealed for things that, before, had previously seemed eccentric or even spurious. Instead of a transperson appearing to be someone who is unduly concerned about social rejections or prospects, real reasons may be revealed that indicate the transperson is dealing with issues of which others are unaware—yet who, still and at the same time, needs to function as the helpful co-worker, the friendly neighbor, the loving husband, the devoted wife, the inspiring parent, the loyal friend.
Being a transperson takes more courage and inner strength than most people begin to conceive.
As such, a greater effort is needed to peer into the heart of transfolks—to see what is really there, what is really being dealt with, much of which is likely not shared—and to convey a greater and more sincere compassion than previously considered.





CONTACT AIMEE NORIN

aimeenorin@gmail.com
http://aimeenorin.wordpress.com/

Because I have been offering these novels for free, I must schedule most of my time for other occupations, and hence, I cannot manage most correspondence as often as I’d prefer. As a consequence, I may find it best to respond to most concerns in the aggregate on my web log, or Facebook, or Twitter, and then, perhaps, intermittently. Please do write, though, as I do read them. Your comments and feedback are most appreciated and valued. 


CONTENTS

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Chapter 25

Chapter 26

Chapter 27

Chapter 28

Chapter 29


