Parasite

Copyright 2012 Jeanie Hood
Published by Jeanie Hood at Smashwords


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

I would like to dedicate 
my first novel to my son,
Colten Hood, 
and my Mom.


Acknowledgments

My Mom, Jeanine van Suffelen—she patiently read every page and made corrections during the initial draft.  In the end I think she read the book 6 times before we had it just the way I wanted it.  I love you Mom.
Carolyn Utberg-Hood—What a super lady!!  She was the final editor of the book and I couldn’t have done this without her input.  You’re awesome.
My dear friend Henderson Smith—Not only did he want to be in the novel as himself, but he helped me during the final stages with formatting, publishing, and the book cover.  Thanks Carl!!  
Sarah Rivers—Such a sweet friend of mine!  I asked her if she would read my novel and give her honest opinion.  Much to my surprise, she read it in three days. WOW!!!  My target audience is Young Adult, so her opinion was very important to me.   Thanks Sweety!!


PROLOGUE


Three year old Jackson runs to his Daddy and gives him a great big hug.  “Night Daddy.”
“Good night little buddy, sleep well.”
“I will, Daddy.”
Becky and little Jackson disappear into the tent while Thom throws some more logs on the fire.  Within a few minutes, Becky comes out of the tent, zips it up, and takes her normal place sitting between Thom’s legs in front of the roaring fire. Tonight will be their last night at Katherine’s Gorge before they return home to Perth after a seven day vacation.  The night is perfect and thousands of stars are suspended in the black sky.  
“I wish we could stay longer,” Becky says looking up at Thom’s chin.
“Me too, but we need to check on your Mom before I go to work on Monday.”
“Yeah, I know.  I’m glad we’ve decided to spend the night with her because I know she gets lonely out there on the sheep station.”
The conversation ends and they remain still cuddled, enjoying the fire and quiet.  Little Jackson is a sweetheart, but he can’t be quiet for longer than five seconds.  Thom glances at his watch and decides it’s time to turn in.  Morning will come soon, and their flight for Perth departs Darwin at noon.  
Around 2 a.m., Thom hears something outside the tent.  He sits up and grabs his boots while listening to the commotion by the jeep.  He unzips the tent and sees a couple of dingoes sniffing around the back of the car.  Becky wakes up and sees Thom peering out the tent.
“What is it, Honey?”
“It’s just a couple of dingoes.  I’m going to scare them off.  Be right back.”  He exits the tent and quickly moves toward the dingoes, waving his hands in the air, “Get outta here dogs, shoo!”  
The dingoes don’t flee like expected, but look Thom square in the eye and pounce on him.  One dingo has Thom’s arm in his mouth, and the other dingo has his teeth buried in Thom’s right thigh.  Thom yells, Becky jumps in the tent, looks outside and sees Thom flat on his back with two dingoes viciously biting him.  She doesn’t worry about putting on her shoes; she runs outside and starts screaming at the dingoes to leave him alone.  Before she has a chance to take another breath for the next wave of verbal threats, a dingo jumps on her from behind and starts biting her back.  She lifts her head to look at Thom and he is motionless and covered in blood.  The two dingoes are dragging him away from the campsite and there is nothing she can do about it.  
The only thing going through her mind right now is her son; he is alone in the tent.  She needs to get this dingo off her back, but she can’t get up because the dingoes have ripped her shoulder blade muscles and rendered her arms useless.  Out the corner of her eye, she spots the two other dingoes coming toward her.  She feels a sharp pain in her neck, her head turns to the side, and she can’t move it at all now.  The dingoes have bitten her head almost completely off.
Little Jackson is still fast asleep in the tent when the smallest of the three dingoes goes inside the tent.  There is crying and screaming, “Daddy, Daddy.” 
Silence… 



Chapter 1
…seven days earlier

Day 1
I slowly open my eyes only to see total darkness.  It is pitch black and I can’t see anything.  I feel a little woozy like I have been drugged.  I open and close my eyes rapidly trying to clear my head.  I am tied to a tree, bound at my feet, midsection, and neck.  I try to scream, but I can’t.  Something is tied around my mouth, like a handkerchief or a scarf.  As I struggle to get free, I hear something coming from the darkness right in front of me.  THEY are coming, I hear the twigs breaking on the ground and I can just sense it…getting closer.
I jump as I awaken from the dream to realize that I have fallen asleep on the airplane.  The turbulence is bouncing the airplane around a bit and the Captain has the seat belt sign on so we can’t move freely about the cabin.  I put my head back against the seat and start smiling because I am remembering my wedding, the wedding that happened about 28 hours ago.  I am here on this airplane with my new husband Derrick, bound for Australia.
We have always dreamed of visiting Australia and thought it would be the perfect place to spend our honeymoon. There are so many wonderful places to explore; I seriously don’t know where to begin.  So, I’ve focused of the Northern Territory and the western part of the country.   Kakadu National Park, Ayers Rock, Purnululu National Park, Litchfield National Park, and Wolfe Creek Meteorite Crater are just a few of the places I want to go.  We will rent a place in Alice Springs and fly to Perth for the final leg of the trip.    There are a few spots around there I want to visit before we fly back to the United States. Trip duration is scheduled for four weeks.
Derrick would like to identify and catalog some of the most venomous snakes in the world, and quite a few of them are located in Australia. We decided that hiring a guide would be the best and safest option for us since we have never been there before.  Not only do we want a good guide, but we want one who knows a thing or two about snakes. Derrick is a Zoologist and amateur Herpetologist back home at the St. Louis Zoo.  
The Captain comes over the airplane speaker, “Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.  We should be landing in Darwin in about 20 minutes and would like to thank you for flying with us today.  Enjoy your stay here in Australia and we look forward to you flying with us again.”   I know the flight attendant will be coming around in a few minutes to check everyone’s seat, so I might as well upright my seat now.    
I turn my head, glance out of the window, and there is Darwin looking as 
beautiful as I anticipated.  The skies are clear and the ocean is a breathtaking turquois blue with sugary white beaches.  Final approach is taking us just to the left of downtown Darwin.  I can see the tip of Darwin off in the distance fading into the bay.  It is just gorgeous.  I see the flaps extend as the pilot starts to slow the airplane down so he can lower the landing gear.  I reach over and grab Derrick’s hand and can’t believe we are almost here and about to start an adventure of a lifetime.
“Derrick, look at the water.  It is so blue.”
“I know.  It’s unbelievable!”
He gives my hand a soft squeeze and says, “I love you, Mrs. Kobi Reed.”
“Ooh, I like the sound of that…Mrs. Kobi Reed.  It’s got a nice ring to it.”
The flight was unbelievably long and very tiring.  I feel like a zombie getting out of my seat, gathering my belongings and heading down the aisle for the exit.  My legs feel heavy and stiff, but I know we need to walk to baggage claim and collect our mountain of suitcases.  We had to pack for a variety of climates because we will be in the mountains and the desert. Finally, all the bags show up, so we head over to the car rental company and pick up the SUV we have reserved for the trip.
We are both starving, so we leave the airport and head straight for Hanuman, a restaurant known for its Thai and Indian cuisine.  Darwin has a very tropical climate this time of year, with warm, pleasant temperatures in the mid 80’s.  After a late lunch, we head to the hotel, check into our suite, unpack the essentials, and decide to rest for the remainder of the day.  It is early afternoon in Darwin, but my internal clock is telling me something different.  I don’t think I am going to have any trouble falling asleep.  In fact, I’ll be surprised if my head even hits the pillow before my eyes close.  
I must have fallen asleep because my eyes are slowly opening, it is dark, and I look at the clock on the nightstand and see the time is about 11:30 p.m.   I feel like I’ve been hit by a freight train; I am so sore--everywhere.  
Flying that long on an airplane, and being confined to a seat most of the time wears you down.  I get up and slowly walk to the living room and realize that I am hungry.  I call the front desk only to learn that the hotel kitchen is closed for the night.  I guess I will have to wait until morning to eat something.  Hopefully, I will be able to fall asleep again in a little while.  It will take several days to get my internal clock readjusted to local time.

Day 2  
Derrick and I wake up feeling still a little tired but excited about the day ahead.  We are meeting our guide Dane at noon in a small town about 70 miles south of Darwin called Adelaide River.  Dane lives just off the main road in this tiny town of 190 people, in a very simple, one story house with a windmill in the front yard--not the kind of windmills they have in Holland, but the simple kind that pumps well water.  The house is a bit rundown, to say the least.  The front porch sags, and the roof looks as though it may fall at any moment.  The weeds have taken over the yard and appear to be consuming the house.  It does have electricity with the help of a generator.  There is an open shed on the side of the house with a lot of old farm equipment in it—none of which appears to be in working order.  Rust is feasting on the rundown tractor with two flat tires.  The rest of the stuff in there could be donated to a scrap yard.  
We are getting out of the car when I catch sight of a man exiting the front door of the house.  I am assuming this is our guide, Dane.  He is a very tall man with strong features.  He has a chiseled jaw and piercing light sky blue eyes.  His hair is almost pitch black and very long for a man.  He pulls it back in a ponytail which hangs half way down his back.  His skin is dark from the sun and he is wearing crocodile skin boots.  I wonder if he killed the crocodile himself.  I’m guessing he is in his early thirties.
Dane invites us in and offers us a cool beverage.  He seems like a great guy, and appears to be very smart.  He is not a native of Australia, but has lived here most of his life.  His mother married an Englishman and moved to a little town just east of Cambridge, England called Newmarket.  A few years later she had Dane.  But, she was very unhappy in England, hated the weather, and missed her family back home.  So she packed up one-year-old Dane and headed back to her home near Darwin.  Dane grew up around these parts and moved out of the big city just after his mother died when he was 19 years old.  His father still lives in England, but he has no contact with him.
We decide to spend the day here at Dane’s place so we can organize our trip.  Dane will drop us off in Alice Springs after we have traveled around the Northern Territory and part of Southern Australia.  I have a rental plane reserved, a multi-engine Piper Navajo.  I will just need to fly with an instructor for a few hours before they will allow me to rent their airplane.  We chose to fly from Alice Springs because it’s a long way to the coastal part of Western Australia, and the territory is mostly desert and extremely harsh.  It’s an unforgiving environment should the car decide to break down, so we opted to fly instead of drive.  Dane will drive back to Darwin and return the rental car for us.
Dane has acquired all of the camping gear we will need for the trip.  We have tents, sleeping bags, cooking utensils, and lots of bottled water including a 500 gallon mini “water buffalo” that sits on its own trailer hitched to the SUV.  Water buffalo is a slang expression for a large container of water shaped like a over-sized oil drum.  He also has quite a collection of knives he will be taking as well as a shotgun just in case we run into trouble.  The plan is set, so all we need to do now is sleep.  We’ll head out at first light.  
I close my eyes and smile because I am so excited about getting on the road and seeing all of the sights.  “Go to sleep, Kobi.  This is your last night in a real bed for a while, so you might as well get the most out of it,” I say out loud to myself.   I can hear the wind howling outside.  The windmill in the front yard needs oil because it is squeaking louder and louder with every gust of wind.  I am lying there, humming a song, keeping time with the squeaking windmill.  I can’t fall asleep.  Anxious and frustrated, I decide to get up for a glass of water.  I am surprised to see Dane at the table sharpening his knives.
“What’s the matter Dane--can’t sleep?” I ask.
“No, I am usually a little restless before I head out on a tour.  There are so many threats here in Australia, especially in the outback.  I am responsible for the two of you, and I always anticipate trouble; so it causes my brain to overthink everything which keeps me from sleeping.”
“I’m sure everything is going to be fine.  I’ll see you bright and early.” “Good night, Kobi.”


Chapter 2

Day 3
I’m up sharply at 8:00 a.m.  I get cleaned up and dressed, and wake up Derrick so he can do the same.  We both head for the kitchen and are pleased to see that Dane has prepared a small feast.  I think he cooked everything in his refrigerator mainly because he is planning to be gone with us for a long time, so everything that will spoil needs to be eaten.  We will need to stop at a store on the way out this morning for some canned goods and other essential camping food.  The SUV is full of gear, so there isn’t a whole lot of room for groceries.  
Derrick and Dane are loading up the SUV, and I decide to throw a little snack bag together with the leftovers from breakfast.  It’s a shame to let all that food go to waste.  Our first stop is Kakadu National Park which is located about 170 kilometers Southeast of Darwin; from Dane’s house it is only about two hours away.  
“Kobi, are you ready to hit the road?” Derrick yells from the SUV.
“Yes, I am.” I call back to him.  “I’ll be out in a minute.”
Dane will be doing the driving, so Derrick and I will be free to look around.  What a perfect, beautiful day it is today--clear blue sky and a temperature of 83 degrees Fahrenheit.  We pull into Kakadu National Park about 1:00 p.m., and stop by the Bowali Visitors’ Center to pay the park fees and get the latest on the monsoons and what effect they have had on the park.  If it rains too much, some of the park closes due to flooding.  Hopefully, the park will not be too affected by the rains.
Kakadu National Park is the largest National Park in Australia.  It is believed that the Aboriginal people have inhabited the park for over 40,000 years.  We are planning to visit Jim Jim Falls, a gorgeous waterfall that should be perfect this time of year.  Dane applied for permits weeks ago to take four wheelers into Arnhem Land, which is just to the east of the park.
We arrive at the Garnamarr campground located about 10 kilometers from Jim Jim Falls.  The campground is located right next to one of the most prominent landforms in this part of Australia, the Arnhem Land Plateau.  This plateau is a vast escarpment covering approximately 300 miles of the east side of the park.  The cliffs are near vertical and appear to be about 1000 feet high.  Below the plateau there are acres of low lying hills covered in grass and woodlands.  Our campground is in a wooded area, but offers a good view of the Plateau.
We decide to unload everything out of the SUV because we’re planning to
stay here about three nights.  Dane gets to work on the shelters, and Derrick and I go searching for firewood.  Wood is a little scarce around the camp site, so we need to spread out farther to find enough wood for the next three nights.   We finish getting everything set up at the camp site and decide to take the next couple of hours to drive up to the visitors’ center again so we can scope out the area.
We get back about 5:00 p.m. absolutely starving, so I throw a can of beef stew in a pan and heat it up.  Derrick has made a huge, roaring, fire which will produce a lot of hot coals for quick cooking.  It doesn’t take very long for the stew to get warm, so we serve ourselves a nice bowl and grab some bread to soak up the gravy.  I don’t know why, but food always tastes so much better when it’s cooked on a camp fire.   We use the water from the water buffalo to wash the dishes.
The three of us decide to sit around the fire for a while because it is such a beautiful night.  I think you can see every star in the night sky, especially out here, because there aren’t any lights to distort the starlight like there is in a big city.  The temperature is perfect, just a little chilled, but the fire is keeping me nice and warm.   We have packed a nice bottle of Scotch and decide to break it out and share a few glasses around the warm fire.  Wow, what a perfect night.
Dane starts talking about the Aboriginal people and some of their customs.  They are a very private people with a long history, and a lot of their customs and rituals can’t be discussed without a local Aboriginal person present.  He assures us that we will learn more about the local people as the trip progresses.  He also tells us that there are some roads, especially when we are travelling in Aboriginal country, that we are not allowed to venture off of.  We have permits to drive on the highways, but leaving the roads to sight-see is not permitted.  After chatting for a couple of hours, we decide it’s time to hit the sack. We’re going into Arnhem Land tomorrow on four wheelers, so we need to turn in early.  The plan is to get up and leave around 7:00 a.m.   
Derrick and I retire to our tent and Dane to his.  We are on our honeymoon after all, so we enjoy our privacy.  It is very quiet out here under the Australian sky.  I can just barely hear the water splashing down at Jim Jim Falls and it is very hypnotic and peaceful.  I kiss Derrick good night and quickly drift off to sleep.  Something startles me around 3:00 a.m.  I sit up and listen--not sure what it is.  It sounded like a distant boom and I felt a slight vibration.  It almost felt as if something hit the ground nearby.  I decide to poke my head outside the tent to see if I can see anything.  I glance around the campsite, and everything looks normal.  I throw another log on the fire and just happen to glance up at the night sky and am lucky enough to see what appears to be a falling star or a meteor.  I wonder if a meteor hit close by; maybe that’s what woke me up earlier.
I return back to the tent and lay down with every intention of falling back to sleep, but I sit up in the tent and just listen.  I notice that it is really quiet.  When I went to bed earlier, I heard the typical night noises from the nocturnal animals in the trees and the insects making their usual sounds.  The really strange thing is the insects are very quiet now--no chirping sounds.  There is no noise at all in the nearby forest.
I reach over and tap Derrick on the shoulder to wake him up.
“What’s up babe?” he whispers.
“I don’t know.  Listen to the forest.  Do you hear how quiet it is?”   I am looking for reassurance from Derrick right now.
He closes his eyes, listens for a minute and says, “Yeah, it’s real quiet.”
“Yeah, I know that--that’s what I just told you,” I jokingly say.
“There is probably a predator walking around out there, and all of the other animals are being quiet so they don’t become dinner,” Derrick says.
“That seems logical I guess, it’s just weird all of a sudden.   I heard something else, like something hitting the ground and I felt a vibration.  What do you think that was?” 
“I don’t know, Honey.  Try to go back to sleep because we have a big day  
planned tomorrow,” Derrick says as he kisses me goodnight again.
I know the question was a rhetorical one, but I was hoping he would offer some kind of explanation for the noise and the vibration, but he had none.  I lie back down and try hard to turn my mind off so I can get some more sleep.  

Day 4 
Derrick wakes me up about 6:30 a.m.  I get dressed and go outside and find Dane getting water and food loaded onto the four wheelers.
“Dane, did you hear or see anything strange last night?”  I say.
“What do you mean strange?” 
“I don’t know--it was like a far off clap of thunder followed by a slight vibration,” I explain, “then it got really quiet in the forest.  I came out of the tent and looked around; the skies were clear.  It was just weird.”
“No, I didn’t hear anything at all.  We should get going.   Kobi, this ATV is yours--it’s an automatic. We have a long day in front of us, and I really want to get started so we can be back here before dark.”
I have never been on an ATV, so I am very excited about driving one.  Dane takes the lead with me in the middle, and Derrick is bringing up the rear.  The drive to Jim Jim Falls only takes about 40 minutes and proves to be even more breathtaking than I could have imagined.  As we emerge from the wooded area, we get the first clear view of the falls.  The waterfall cascades off the escarpment almost 700 feet into a deep pool of water.  The areas around the pool are heavily wooded and almost impossible to drive through.  We decide to sit on the four wheelers and admire the beauty of the falls for a while before heading deeper into Arnhem Land.  From Jim Jim Falls we head east up steep hills and heavy bush.  That keeps us busy for the rest of the day.  After a full day of sightseeing, we arrive back at the camp right at sunset.  Exhausted and starving are the only two words in my vocabulary.  I get a bowl and head to the water buffalo for some clean water so I can take a sponge bath.  I got really dusty riding on the trails today, so I would like to clean up before dinner.
Tomorrow will not be quite as busy as today was.   We will take the SUV
down to Jim Jim Falls and Twin Falls for a relaxing day of swimming and snorkeling.  Swimming is not allowed at Twin Falls because of the crocodiles, but Jim Jim has a real nice swimming area, and I imagine it will probably be crowded; but I don’t care.  I am looking forward to relaxing and soaking up some rays.
Derrick and I turn in rather early because we are both really tired.  Dane stays up for a while looking at his maps and plotting out our next adventure.   A couple of hours later, Dane comes to our tent and wakes us up.
“Hey, you guys need to come out and see this.  I don’t believe it myself.”
“What is it, Dane?” I say still half asleep.
“Look over there towards where the visitor center is.  The sky has a sort of green glow to it.  Do you see it?” Dane asks.
“Yeah, I see it,” Derrick answers.  “What do you think it is?”
“I don’t know what could make the sky glow that color out here in the middle of nowhere.  It almost looks like Aurora Australis, but we are a little too far north to see that phenomenon.  I’ll check with the park ranger in the morning and see if he knows.”
The glow in the night sky lasts about 15 minutes, and then just disappears.  Very puzzling!  I’m wondering if it has anything to do with what I saw last night.  Derrick and I go back to our tent and fall asleep about five minutes later.   I’m hoping Dane did the same thing.  I’m sure they will be talking about it at Jim Jim tomorrow, so we will get the scoop then.


Chapter 3

Day 5    
There is a bunch of talking and noise outside the tent.  I look at my watch and it says 9:00 a.m.  What in the world is going on?  I wake up Derrick, we unzip the tent, and see about 20 people walking toward the Falls.  They all have their towels over their shoulders, and are carrying ice chests.  They are on a walkabout to Jim Jim Falls to go swimming.  I guess I expected them to be buzzing about the glow in the sky, but everyone is acting completely normal.
We get to the swimming area about 10:30 a.m., and I am pleasantly surprised to find a handful of people there swimming.  There are perhaps 30 people in the vicinity of the Falls.  We scope out a spot to put our towels and shoes and go directly into the clear, clean water.  It feels so good to totally submerge my body in fresh water.  We wander over to a young couple, standing toe to toe, with their arms around each other, and say hello.  They return the salutation and ask us if we are from the United States.  Of course we say, “Yes.”  They are here on their honeymoon from Holland.
“So what part of Holland are you from?” I ask.
“We are from Delft,” The young woman answers.
“I’m Kobi and this is my husband, Derrick.  We are on our honeymoon too.  We’re from St Louis, Missouri.”
“Nice to meet you.  I am Marina and this is my husband, Kees.”
“Are you staying in a nearby camp ground?” I ask her.
“Yes, we are staying at Garnamarr, back about 10 kilometers,” Marina says.
“That’s where we are staying too.  Have you been there long?” 
“No, we got in late last night.  Did something happen at the Visitors Center last evening?  When we passed by at 10:30 p.m., there were a lot of people standing in the front of the building, including the park ranger.  We stopped and asked if there was some sort of problem in the park, and the ranger assured us that everything was fine.  He said that some of the campers reported seeing a green glow in the sky above the visitor center and wandered out to investigate.  He said it was nothing to worry about and gave us directions to our campsite.  We decided to sleep in the back of our car rather than set up the tent that late at night.”   She asks if I had seen the light, and I told her that I did see it and was not sure what it was.   I mention that our guide talked to the park ranger and said it was nothing to be concerned about, so she seems happy with that explanation.
After a long day of swimming, we go back to our campsite, change into some dry clothes, and start making dinner.  Dane suggests a big can of beef chili and two day old breakfast biscuits.  That sounds great to me, so I pour the can of chili in the pot and start heating it up.  Dane gets the biscuits out of the car, wraps them in tin foil, and sets them near the fire just to warm them up a little.  It doesn’t take long for the chili to heat up.  I scoop out a portion for each of us, and Dane hands me a biscuit.  Oh, the food tastes good.
While we are eating dinner, Dane suggests that on our final day here in the
park, we should take the time to visit the Aboriginal Rock Art.  Nourlangie and Ubirr are the most visited Rock Art locations in the country, and they happen to be located in this park.

Day 6  
From the car park, it is a short hike to the Ubirr Rock caves where the famous rock art is.  The art depicts certain ancestors from Dreamtime, and other animals of the region today.  The art is estimated to be 20,000 years old and is a valuable, historical record of the Aboriginal people.  It is believed that the Creation ancestors painted on the rock.  The art has been painted and repainted for thousands of years.   From the Ubirr area, Dane decides to start the Bardedjildji walk.  It’s about a three mile walk that rewards you with a fantastic view of Kakadu’s floodplains and sandstone rock formations.  On our way back to camp, we stop by Nourlangie Rock, a large outcrop that consists of three main sites: the Anbangbang rock shelter, the Anbangbang gallery, and the Nanguluwur art site.  The Anbangbang shelter was used by clans travelling to the lowlands in search of food, and for dreaming and relaxation.
Dane shares an interesting fact about the rock art.  The Aboriginal people will not give a complete explanation or interpretation of the art to non-Aboriginal people because they do not think that they have the right to know. Tourists get the public story, not the entire story.
 Dane leads us up this very steep trail to show us a different view of the escarpment.  Very impressive and massive!   We arrive back at our campsite around 7:00 p.m., famished, so I start rifling through the SUV searching for something to heat up and cook for dinner, when I realize that Dane already has a big pot of something on the fire.  How in the world did he get something on the fire that fast?   
“What’s in the pot?” I ask.
“I’m not telling.” 
It turns out to be beef stew again.  I have a feeling that I am never going to eat beef stew again after this vacation. I didn’t really like it very much to begin with, but it’s good, convenient, campfire food.

Day 7  
Before we head to our next destination, we need to stock up on a few supplies--hopefully, no more beef stew.  There is a town called Katherine, not too far from here, where we are planning to grocery shop.  It is also near the next place we really want to see--Katherine’s Gorge.  On the corner, there is a mom and pop grocery store where we stop to do our shopping.  I love little stores like this because the people are amazingly friendly.  We go in the store, and I immediately go to the nut section because I love trail mix.   Not only is it healthy, it’s convenient and easy to carry.  It is a real good snack to have when you are camping and hiking.  Instant energy is what I call it.  We also load up the cart with cans of Spam, tuna, chicken, soup, chili, a big bag of rice, a variety of canned vegetables, and some canned fruit.  Since we have no way of keeping food cold, we will not be able to buy any perishable items like eggs and bacon.  I guess we will be eating cereal bars and pop tarts for breakfast instead of scrambled eggs and bacon--my favorite.
Trying to find a spot in the back of the SUV for the groceries proves to be a challenge.  All of the camping gear is stored in the container secured to the rack on the roof, and the back of the car is filled with our suitcases, cases of water, a fire extinguisher, and a first aid kit.   Dane even has this cool shower bag that holds about 40 liters (10 gallons) of water.  All you have to do is hang it in a tree, open the spout, and it becomes a mini shower.  It doesn’t last long, but is very refreshing after a long day of hiking.  
We arrive at the campsite just before 10:00 a.m.  Same routine as before--Dane sets up the tents, and Derrick and I go hunting for firewood.  We decide to take a short hike while we are out searching for wood.  There are over a dozen gorges to see here at Katherine’s Gorge.  We walk out on a trail for about an hour and decide to turn around and head back toward the campsite.  We start picking up wood as we get closer and notice just off the trail a couple of dead dingo pups.  We get back to camp and tell Dane about the pups, and he seems very anxious to go see them.  So Derrick takes him back to the place where we saw them.  Within a few minutes they are back at the camp.
“That was quick!  Dane, did you see the pups?”  
“No, they weren’t there anymore.” 
“Not there?  That’s odd.  What do you think happened to them?”    
“Maybe another hungry animal,” he says.  “Food can be scarce around these parts this time of year.  There’s no telling what hauled those two pups off that quickly.”  
I wrinkle my forehead and try to imagine what could have taken those dead pups.  Was it more than one animal, or something really big with a ferocious appetite?  I don’t want to think about it anymore.


Chapter 4

Dane rented a couple of canoes for us to go sightseeing in the gorge this afternoon.  The park only allows a certain number of canoes to be out on the water at one time, so Dane had to reserve them weeks ago.  I am certainly glad he did because the view from the water looking up into the gorge is truly breathtaking.  The first couple of gorges are beautiful, but it isn’t until the third and fourth gorges that the scenery becomes spectacular.  The water is just as calm as it can be, and the cliffs are cut straight up to almost 200 feet.  The rocks are a mixture of red and brown, with splashes of green vegetation sprinkled about.  At the very top of this one particular rock wall, I see a lone tree that appears to be growing right out of the rock.  
We stop paddling for a minute to soak up the serenity of the gorge.  It is a 
totally different perspective than from on top of the gorge looking down at the water.  It’s hard to get a sense of how big and deep it can be in some places when viewed from above.
There are 13 gorges in all, but we can only get through about five of them before we have to turn back.  We have to be back at the start point before 5:00 p.m. to return the canoes.  I wish we would have gotten an earlier start with the canoes, but this was okay.  We get back to the camp and are shocked to find our campsite a disaster.  Nothing is missing, but things have been moved, knocked over, and food has been opened.  The tents have been trampled, and our clothes are everywhere. 
“What the hell?” Dane yells.
“Ditto that remark,” I reply loudly.  “What could have possibly done this?”
I don’t think it was another camper in the campground.  I look around at the other camp sites and see only one other family in the campground.  All of the other campers must still be out sightseeing.  Dane walks over to them and starts a conversation.  I can hear him talking from here, barely.
“Hey, how are you guys doing?  Sorry to bother you, but my name is Dane
and I am a local guide in this area.  You didn’t by chance see what happened to my camp site today did you?  We came back to total devastation.”
“No, we just got back here about 30 minutes ago and didn’t even glance in your direction; I’m sorry.”
“Oh, that’s no problem.  Enjoy your stay,” Dane replies.
He walks back over to our campsite and stops about halfway, squats down
and reaches his hand out to touch the dirt.  He glances around and then gets up  and starts walking towards me with a puzzled look on his face.
“Dane, what do you see?” I yell at him.
“I see tracks of some sort.  Looks like they might be that of a dog or maybe a...” his voice fades out as he stands up.  He walks back over to where Derrick and I are.
“What did you say Dane, I couldn’t hear you?”
“The tracks look like the footprints of a dingo.”
“There are a bunch of footprints around the campsite too, Dane.”  
“Yeah, they are the same as the set over there.  Whatever it was is gone now, so let’s straighten out the campsite, because it will be getting dark soon.”
“Okay, no problem.” It is hard to tell from the footprints just how many dingoes were actually in the camp.  The footprints are everywhere, around Dane’s tent, our tent, the SUV, and the fire.  I start by picking up the clothes from outside the tent, and Derrick cleans up all the open food containers.  Dane gathers up some firewood and secures the tents again.  It takes us about an hour to get everything picked up.  Dane has a fire going, so I decide to get a quick shower under the shower bag before dinner.
Dane pulls out a couple of pans to warm up some dinner.  We are all just a little on edge after what has happened, and to be honest, I really don’t feel like eating.   I am a little nervous, and my stomach feels upset.  I don’t know if it is an adrenaline rush or just plain fear that has my stomach doing flips.  I take a couple of deep breaths and try to calm myself down.  I open a couple of cans of hearty beef and vegetable soup and hand them to Dane to put in the pan he has resting by the fire.  It should take only a few minutes for the soup to get warm.  I also have some French bread we can have with the soup.  I am not very enthusiastic about the dinner at all.
I force myself to eat, and the food is good. I start to feel myself winding down. Dane decides now would be a good time to pull out the bottle of Scotch.  We could all use a stiff drink right about now.  He was really upset about the creatures but didn’t want to let on to me that he was concerned.  He knew once I calmed down, I would be rational and we could discuss intelligently what we thought about the situation.  I appreciate his putting on a front because if I had known he was concerned, I would have probably freaked out, but he kept his cool, which enabled me to do the same.
Before we go to our respective tents for the night, Dane hands Derrick one of his knives.  I don’t mean a little pocket knife; I mean a knife about 12 inches long.   A knife like that will only be useful in close combat conditions, but at this point it is better than nothing.  Hopefully, the night will be peaceful and quiet.  So Derrick and I go into the tent, zip up the outer and inner flap, and decide we will stay up for a while and talk about what happened today.
As we settle in for the night, I hear really strange yelping sounds coming from the forest.  
Derrick is awake and whispers to me, “Are you hearing this?”  
I slowly move to the sitting position and reach down between my feet to put my shoes on.
“Yeah, I hear it.  What does that sound like to you?”  I notice Derrick already has the knife in his hand.
“It sounds like dogs yelping and growling at each other, you know, when they are fighting over scraps,” he says.  
So we sit and listen for a while, and the yelping seems to be getting louder.  About this time, Dane shows up at our tent with his shotgun.
“What in the world are you doing with that thing?” I ask.
He responds in a very calm voice as he enters our tent, “I am protecting us from whatever is out there making that noise.  I think it might be a dingo family, and if they wander into camp hunting for food, we might need to scare them off or kill one. They can be extremely vicious, especially when they are hungry or have young ones.  Maybe they are looking for their young pups.  Those might have been the pups you saw earlier.  Hopefully, we won’t have to kill one, but I’d rather have it and not need it then need it and not have it.”  I look at Derrick and then Dane and agree that it’s a great idea to have the shotgun.
The yelping and howling intensify. It gets so loud that we have to cover our ears because the high pitched squeals are piercing our eardrums.  The yelping is all around us now, coming from every direction in waves.  We can hear sticks breaking right outside our tent and there are shadows in the trees caused from the fire and whatever is in close proximity to the flame.  It is total chaos outside.  I have my hands over my ears and my knees are in my chest, and I am hoping this intense noise will stop and then suddenly, without warning, it stops.  The three of us don’t move for a few minutes.  We are just sitting there, motionless in disbelief.
After a few minutes of silence, we figure that it is safe to come out, so we
unzip the tent and slowly move towards the fire.  It has died down quite a bit, so we grab some logs and set it ablaze.  Hopefully, a large fire will ward off the creatures and anything else that is thinking about paying us a visit tonight.  It is truly unbelievable what happened here tonight.
Dane has been coming to this campsite for years and has never had an encounter quite like he had tonight.  He thinks it is a wild pack of dingoes, but he has never witnessed them quite this aggressive.  I could tell from the shadow through the tent that the creature was walking on all fours like a dog, and had a head similar to that of a dog.  But I do realize that the dim fire light can play tricks with shapes and shadows, so we really don’t have much to go on.  All I know is there is something out there, and I don’t want to make its acquaintance in the middle of the night.
We all decide that it would be best to keep someone awake and guarding the camp while the other two catch a little shut eye.  Dane volunteers to take first watch, then Derrick will take over, followed by me.  The remainder of the night proves to be uneventful and quiet, which is a good thing.  I know once the sun comes up we will get the car packed and leave this place. Something strange is going on here--something bad, but I can’t put my finger on it.  So, the farther away we can get from here, the better.  
I took watch at 3:00 a.m. and Derrick went into the tent to get some sleep.  
Daylight should be in a few hours, so I just need to keep this fire roaring and everything should be okay.  I wish I had something to put my back against, because it makes me very uneasy to sit in front of the fire with my back to the wilderness.  I feel very vulnerable, like something is going to come up from behind and attack me.  I reposition myself so that my back is in front of the tent-- not immediately in front of it, but probably about five feet away.  That makes me feel a little bit better.


Chapter 5

Day 8  
It starts getting light about 5:30 a.m. and by 6:00 a.m. both Derrick and Dane are up.  I don’t really want to waste time eating breakfast; I just want to load up the car and get out of here.  Derrick and Dane agree, so we start picking up camp and loading the SUV.  As we are taking down the tent, Derrick is surprised to find what appears to be blood splattered on the back side of our tent.  The funny thing about the blood is the texture.  It is a reddish brown color with big clumps or clots in it.  It kind of reminds me of a small curd cottage cheese mixed in with the blood. Dane picks up a stick, gets a small zip lock bag, and pushes a small sample of the blood into the bag.  
“I have a friend at the Royal Darwin Hospital Lab Facility; I am going to bring this back for her to analyze.  I have never seen blood like this,” Dane says, as he slips the bag in his pocket and throws the stick in the hot coals of the fire.  Then he gets an old rag, a bottle of Windex, and cleans the blood off the tent.  He throws that rag into the hot coals too.  
“I have been out here most of my adult life, and something is not right.  The balance of nature seems off to me.  I can’t put my finger on it, but something is wrong here.” 
Hearing Dane say the words really sends a shiver up and down my spine.  I am getting a sense that something terrible is about to happen.
We get the car loaded and start to leave the National Park when we hear sirens and see a helicopter coming in for landing not far from where we are.  We pile into the car and on our way out of the National Park we see a couple of ambulances on the side of the road.  Dane opens the window and slows down.  There is a park ranger along with the state and local police there, so Dane tries to find out what happened by asking one of the officers.
“Good morning Officer.   I am a guide in these parts and am curious about what has happened here.  Is it something I need to be concerned about with my customers?”  
Officer Dillon tells him that a family was attacked and killed last night by a pack of wild dogs or dingoes.  The father was dragged at least 100 yards from the campsite and brutally bitten over and over.  The mother was hauled out of the tent and found behind their automobile.  She had been bitten in the neck so badly, that her head was almost severed.  The three year old boy was still in the tent.  It appears as though they were in the process of eating him because part of his stomach area had been eaten away. Something must have scared them away.  Another camper found the husband and called the ranger station to come investigate.  
“Oh, that is terrible.  We had some visitors in our camp site last night as well.  I didn’t get a good look at them, but I’m pretty sure they were dingoes.  They were probably the same ones.  We found tracks in our campsite yesterday afternoon after returning from canoeing and didn’t think much about it.  Things were messed up, and empty food containers were everywhere; but an attack of this magnitude is unheard of around here.”
“You’re right.  I can’t remember ever hearing about a dingo attack around here.  Why are they so aggressive all of a sudden?”
“I don’t know; it’s weird.  Do you mind if I have a look at the campsite where the family was attacked?  I am curious about the footprints, if they are the same.”
“Hang on a minute; I’ll check with the crime scene investigator.”
Officer Dillon walks over to the campsite and speaks with a tall, slender man in his mid-fifties.  The two of them start walking back toward our vehicle. The tall man stops at Dane’s window and leans over.
“I’m sorry sir, but I can’t let you go into the crime scene.  We actually have a tracker on hand looking at the prints right now and he said they are the prints of a dingo.  He was able to identify three distinct sets of prints based on paw size.  If you are camping around these arts, I would be especially careful.”  
Dane thanks the man and Officer Dillon.   Not a word is spoken in the car for at least ten minutes. We are processing what the man and Officer Dillon said to us and are having trouble believing it.  Dingoes?  How could this group of people, this family, all be dead?  That could have been us!  In my mind I keep playing the scene over and over and finally have to shake my head and push it out of my mind.  Terrible!
“Derrick, I really want to go with Dane to the lab when he gets that blood tested.  Do you mind putting the trip on hold for a few days?”  I ask.
“No, I don’t mind at all; in fact, I’m just as curious as you are,” Derrick answers.
“Dane, you don’t mind if Kobi and I go with you to the lab, do you?  We are very curious about the blood.” 
“No problem,” he says.  “You are more than welcome to join me.”  Dane pulls out his cell phone and makes a phone call to his friend Nicola.  Dr. Nicola Reese is a Hematologist on staff at the Royal Darwin Hospital.  
“Nicola, this is Dane.  I’m good, thanks.  Listen, I have a sample of some blood I found at our campsite this morning that I would like you to look at, if you have time.  It is the strangest blood I have ever seen. We are on our way to Darwin right now.  Can you see us today?”  There is a pause, “10:00 a.m. sounds perfect.  See you then.” 
“How do you know Nicola?” asks Derrick.
“Believe it or not, she and I went to junior high school together.  She was one grade ahead of me.  I remember the first day of seventh grade--we started the day with a general assembly of all the students.  She was in the eighth grade and the President of the eighth grade debate team.  I had a crush on her the entire year, but was afraid to tell her because I knew she wouldn’t want to date a seventh grader.  I didn’t give her a chance to turn me down.  I figured she was probably like all the other eighth grade girls--stuck up because she was so pretty; but I was wrong.   I mustered up the nerve to talk to her and found out that she was a very nice girl.  We became the best of friends and discovered that we lived within blocks of each other.  We hung out all summer long and remained the best of friends through the years.  Even through medical school, she managed to keep in touch with me.  Good friends like that are hard to find.” 
“Was there ever anything romantic between you two?” I ask.
“No, never.  We liked each other as friends.  Even when we were dating other people, we double dated a lot.”
“That’s pretty cool, Dane.  Is she married?”
“No.  She is too focused on career to even date, much less marry.”


Chapter 6

We get to Darwin and decide we should probably eat something before going to the lab.  Who knows how long we will be there?   So we pull into a little café on the south side of Darwin and order some toast, eggs, some sausage and a bowl of fresh fruit.  It is really hard to enjoy a meal after hearing about the attack on that family, but we need to eat something since we have a long day ahead.
After breakfast, we head to the lab and meet up with Dane’s friend.  She is strikingly attractive with long straight blond hair and brilliant, emerald green eyes.  You can tell that she doesn’t get out in the sun often because she is very pale. We make our acquaintances with her and get right to work.  Dane has the blood sample in his pocket, so he hands it to her and she smears a bit of the blood on a very small piece of glass.  A clear cover is placed over the smear and put under a microscope.  She knows that she has to be very careful with the sample.
She looks carefully and long at the sample and says, “This blood is most unusual.  There is something else mixed in with this blood, and it’s alive.” 
“What do you mean it’s alive?” I look at her with crinkled brows.
“Have a look.  It’s moving around in between the red blood cells that are left in the sample, and it’s very active.” Nicola explains.
“I see.  Could it be a worm, like a heart worm or something?”
“No, that’s not a heartworm.  This is something I have never seen before.” Nicola says with a puzzled look on her face.  “I really want to run more tests on the remaining sample like a DNA test to identify what type of blood it is.  That will allow me to narrow it down even further and hopefully identify the species.”
We are all fairly confident that it is dingo blood, but how do you explain the big clots in it?   Nicola said that it is going to take about three days for her to run the tests and get the results.  She added that she would be working in a secure lab with protective gear until the unknown substance is identified.
Derrick and I decide to check into a hotel for the night and get cleaned up.   We get Dane a room right next to ours.  It is probably about 12:00 noon when we get to our rooms, and to be honest, I am exhausted, and so is Derrick.  We call Dane to give him a heads up that we are planning to sleep for a couple of hours, and he doesn’t seem to mind; in fact, he thinks napping is an excellent idea.  So we will meet up with him later on this evening for dinner and figure out what to do.
The shower is fantastic!  Who knew I was this dirty?  Derrick comes in right after me and has the same reaction as he steps in the shower.  We are clean now and just getting in the bed when there is a knock on the door.  Derrick looks through the peephole to see who it is, but sees no one.  He starts back toward me when there is a knock again.  This time when he looks, he sees Dane.  Derrick opens the door and asks him if he just knocked, he said, “No, I thought you just knocked on my door.  When I went to look, no one was there.”
“That’s funny, the same thing just happened to me,” Derrick replied.   Dane turns around and goes back to his room.  Derrick comes back to the bed.  We manage a quick kiss and let our heads drop to the pillow.  I had no trouble falling asleep.   We get up around 5:00 p.m. feeling very rested and starving.  We call Dane’s room to see if he is awake, but there is no answer.
Derrick and I decide to head downstairs to the hotel restaurant for some dinner and are relieved to see Dane down there already eating.
“Hey, there you are.  Did you sleep well?” Dane asks with a mouthful of steak.
“Yeah, we slept great,” Derrick answers.  “How’s the steak?”
“Great!” Dane says convincingly.  When the waitress comes over, Derrick and I both tell her, “We want whatever he is having.”
“Can you bring us a couple of beers too, please?”  I say.
“So, Kobi, you seemed very interested in what was going on at the lab today.  What is your background?” Dane inquires.
“Oh, you noticed.  I am a Medical Lab Technician for the St. Louis County’s Medical Examiner’s Office.  I am not the boss or anything, just a technician.  But, I do know my way around a lab.” 
“Very Nice!  Do you eventually want to be the Medical Examiner?”
“Yeah, eventually.”
“Hat’s off to you, my lady,” as he takes his hat off and tips it in a respectful gesture.  Nicola says we have to wait three days for the results so we might as well do some more sightseeing while we are waiting.  Are you game?”
“I agree.  It doesn’t make much sense just to sit in this hotel.  So what do you have in mind, Dane?”
“I recommend we go to Litchfield National Park, which is just south of here on the way to my house,” Dane suggests.  
“Sounds like a good idea.  We’ll spend the night here and check out of the hotel first thing in the morning,” Derrick replies.

Day 9  
Morning comes a lot sooner than I want it to. The drive can’t be more than 45 minutes, and we arrive at Litchfield National Park by 10:00 a.m.  When picking out a camp site this time, we are just a little more deliberate with the area than before.  I would like to get a spot that is near a large rock or a hill so the tents aren’t sitting out there in the wide open space.  If we can set up next to some type of landform, that will make me feel more secure.
Dane wants to take us to Florence Falls campgrounds where only 4WD vehicles are allowed.  It will be a little more secluded and less commercial than the other campgrounds in the park.  It’s probably going to be a lot prettier too.  In the back of my mind I realize that Dane’s house is only 30 minutes from here and staying at his place would be a lot more convenient, but part of the experience of Australia is camping out under the stars.  The incident at Katherine Gorge was probably just an isolated incident anyway.  I should stop worrying about it.  Finally, after a slow, tedious drive we pull out of the thick brush and witness the spectacular sight of Florence Falls.  It is just as majestic and even more breathtaking than the pictures on the internet.  It is a rare, year-roud waterfall that cascades down into two waterfalls.  
The falls are not very large, only about 50 yards from the top, but they surely are pretty.  The campground is not too far away from the falls, so we decide to head there first and get everything set up.  This park is extremely busy this time of year, so finding just the right spot proves to be a challenge.  There is a small group of trees in the campground that looks like a good place to park the SUV and set up the tents for a few days.  We make a bee line for the spot and start unloading the car.
Finally everything is set up at the camp, so Derrick and I decide to take a jaunt down to Florence Falls.  The hike is scenic and physically demanding.  The mist from the immense waterfall feels refreshing hitting my face, because I got a little overheated on the hike.  Derrick and I are sitting on a rock just soaking up the sun and the scenery when we are startled by a young couple running out of a wooded area.  They look terrified.  We try to get their attention by yelling, “Hey are you guys OK?”  No response from the young couple at all.  I don’t think they even saw us.
Of course Derrick and I are waiting for a T-Rex to emerge from the woods or something, but there is nothing.  Quite puzzling--their behavior.  Derrick and I decide after an hour or so, to head back to the campsite and give Dane a hand with dinner.  No beef stew!  Tonight we are having Spam cut up into thick slices served over a bed of rice.  Yummy…


Chapter 7

Day 10
Today we are going to see the Magnetic Termite Mounds.  I’ve heard from several people that these insect works of art are truly amazing.  As we drive up to the viewing area I am surprised by the huge numbers of mounds in the open area.   It’s like pulling into a cemetery because the mounds are tall, rectangular, and slender.  They look like gray, weathered headstones with no writing on them.  It is rather eerie.  The mounds are architectural masterpieces complete with tunnels, chimneys, and passageways.  All of the mounds are aligned North to South to avoid direct sunlight in the heat of the day.
After spending a few hours around the mounds, Dane decides he wants to 
take us to a relaxing spot called Surprise Creek Falls.  It is a perfect, peaceful spot that doesn’t get a whole lot of traffic.  It is located on the southern tip of the park, so it takes us about an hour to get there.  After swimming and resting for a while, we decide to end our day with a spectacular view of Tolmer Falls, which proves to be one of the prettiest waterfalls to date.
“What a day we had today.” Derrick says.  “What is on the agenda for tomorrow, Dane?”
“Well, I thought we would head east to this isolated area north of my place.  I haven’t been to this area for a long time, but I recall it was a good area to find snakes, which might interest you, Derrick.  I know you are anxious to get some pictures and study them, but don’t be disappointed if we don’t find all of the snakes you’re looking for.”
“Now you’re talking!” Derrick says enthusiastically.  “Most of the snakes I’m hunting are located in the southern part of Australia, but if we are lucky, maybe we’ll find a brown snake.”
“What do you mean if WE are lucky?  Aren’t those snakes super aggressive?” I question with fear in my tone.
“Yes, they are Honey, but I don’t plan on picking one up and having tea with him…I just want to observe and catalog.” Derrick says lovingly.
We all turn in for the night and Derrick can barely contain himself because he is so excited.  He can’t wait until morning.

Day 11  
Derrick is the first one up this morning.   It doesn’t surprise me to see him bright-eyed and raring to go.  He’s so ecstatic about going snake hunting today, he
can hardly get the camp site dismantled and loaded into the car quick enough.  He is acting like a kid on his way to Disneyland.
“We can eat breakfast in the car on the way.” Derrick says as he is running to the car. “Come on, let’s go!”
We are probably about eight kilometers away from the main road headed toward an area Dane hiked six or seven years ago.  The dirt road ends here.  Dane advises us that we will need to go by foot from here on.  Not a problem for us.  Derrick and I both enjoy hiking and welcome the adventure.  With the car secured, we head due east and start carefully hunting for snakes.  Derrick is really in his element right now.  This is his heaven on earth.
As we traverse the barren, desolate landscape, Derrick very methodically overturns every rock he sees with extreme caution.  The brown snake is a nocturnal snake and likes to hide in small, quiet places during the day.  It is the second most venomous snake in Australia, so Derrick needs to be careful not to surprise the snake.  Rock after rock is overturned with no luck.  We decide to take a break and have some water.  There is no shade in sight, so staying hydrated is crucial.  The search continues.  Just ahead is a gathering of small rocks piled up one on top of the other.
“That’s where I would be if I was a brown snake,” Derrick states with such authority.  “Be the snake, be the snake,” he mumbles.   
Dane and Derrick go to the rocks and slowly remove one at a time.  All of sudden, like synchronized swimmers, they both jump back and freeze.  Derrick looks back at me and gives me that little boy grin that I love so much, and holds his thumb up to the sky.  I think he found what he was looking for.   Out comes the camera.  Dane has the snake hook and is controlling the snake so Derrick can get just the right angle.  The hook can extend out to just over three feet, and Dane is maintaining a safe distance from the grumpy snake.  Derrick estimates the snake’s length to be about five feet.
They put the rocks back in place as best they could without crushing the snake and continue walking east.  It is starting to get very hot, so we decide to head south for a bit and loop around back to the car.  After scanning the horizon for possible snake hideouts, we see what appears to be an aircraft tail sticking up in the air. This is not exactly something you would expect to find in such a desolate area. As we approach the crash site, we notice a building that is mostly underground with a large containment area behind it.  The containment area had big fences all around it and wire cages inside of the fencing, but the impact of the plane destroyed most of the construction.
What if someone was in the containment area when the plane crashed?  We have no idea what to expect when we walk into the building.  Derrick and I walk down a flight of stairs and find an entrance.  We turn the door handle and much to our surprise, it is unlocked.  I think that is a little strange that a huge facility like this would be left unlocked.  I see red flags in my head; something has gone wrong here--something unexpected.
We go through the doors and enter what appears to be a laboratory.  It’s a little hard to tell what it used to be because it looks as if a tornado came through and totally rearranged the contents.  The computer monitors are on the floor, totally broken apart, and shattered. There are papers and ripped up notebooks scattered all over the place.
“They really need to hire a better janitorial staff in this place, don’t you think?” Dane says to me sarcastically. 
But I don’t laugh because this is a little frightening.  I bend down and pick up one of the notebooks off of the floor.  I open it and start to read through the first couple of pages.  There are lots of equations and formulas, as well as experiment numbers.  It starts with a baseline experiment and then gradually one variable is added, removed, or changed, and then recorded again.  The details of the experiment are very meticulous and thoroughly documented.  It appears as though something very important was going on here in this lab…but what?
I flip through a few more pages and come across experiment #39.  Here is where the experiments get interesting.  The test subjects prior to this experiment were small lab animals like mice and rats.  Ex #39 is the first experiment in which someone is using a dingo as a test subject.
This facility must be a medical facility where new drugs are being tested on animals before they approve them for human testing.
“Where is everyone?” I whisper.
“I don’t know,” Derrick whispers shaking his head from side to side.
“Do you think it was deliberately abandoned or were they chased away by something?”  I ask nervously.
“I don’t know, Baby.  Let’s keep looking around.  Maybe we will find a clue,” he adds.
The facility is structurally sound despite the containment facility’s being destroyed.  So what caused all of this disorder in this part of the building?  We don’t have an answer to that question.  I close the notebook, tuck it under my arm, and the three of us continue with our walkabout of the building.
At the end of the long hall is a big steel door with half a dozen hazardous material suits hanging on the outside of the door.  A glass window next to the steel door allows a view of what appears to be an airtight vault of some kind.  A series of chambers permits entry to the vault where I imagine all the extremely hazardous items are stored.  I’ve seen rooms like this in movies but never in real life.  Suddenly, a shiver runs through my entire body.  
But that room has not been touched.  Looking through the glass window, I can see that everything inside the room appears to be in order.  It is locked and can only be opened by a security card and a code of some sort.  There is a cypher lock on the exterior door and it is showing a red light so I assume it is locked.  The hall splits in two directions just beyond the steel door, so Derrick and I decide to take the left side, and Dane takes the right.  We agree to meet back at this spot in 10 minutes.
Derrick and I start down the hall and end up in the living quarters.  There are about a dozen rooms in this wing with male and female restrooms on both ends of the hall.  There is a small dining facility in the middle and a day room with a television.  It looks as if the people actually lived here; they didn’t commute. The rooms still have clothes in them, but there are no personal items that we can find to identify who might have been living here.  No wallets, lab tags, or anything.  
We turn around and head back to the rally point to meet up with Dane, and we are waiting for him in front of the big steel door when we hear a noise coming from the lab area.  We both run down the other hall to find Dane.  This section is divided into six operating rooms with access to the outside containment area at the end of the hallway.
Derrick grabs Dane, “Come on man, we’ve got to go.  Someone is in the lab.”
We start walking back towards the lab very slowly and stop just short of the entrance to listen.  We can hear a man’s voice coming from the other room and he is obviously looking for something.
“Where is it?” a voice says desperately.  “It’s got to be around here somewhere.”  
We hear someone on the ground moving papers around.  Computers are being tossed aside.  It is obvious that this guy is frantically looking for something.
Dane says, “I only hear one guy.  You?”
“Yeah, I just hear one too.” Derrick answers. “We can take this guy if we have to.”  Dane nods in agreement.
Upon entering the room, we see a guy on the ground on all fours searching through the rubble talking to himself.  He appears to be a relatively young man with light brown hair and a medium build.  He wears a white lab jacket, and either he likes white lab jackets, or he is a doctor.  He spots us out the corner of his eye, jumps up, and just about knocks himself silly when his head hits the corner of a desk.  As he turns toward us rubbing the lump developing on the side of his head, I notice his piercing sea green eyes.  Only right now, those eyes are showing intense pain caused by the encounter with the desk.  He lashes out at us.
“Who are you people and what are you doing here?  This is private property, and you have no right to be in here,” he yells.
“Sorry man, but we knocked, and the door was unlocked, so we walked in to find this mess,” Derrick explains. “Why don’t you tell us what is going on here.”
“I’m sorry but I don’t know you people and what’s going on here is none of your business,” he says sharply.


Chapter 8

It is obvious to us that this guy is scared to death because he keeps looking over his shoulder as if he is running from something or someone.
I step forward and say, “Hi,” in a soft voice, “my name is Kobi and this is my husband, Derrick, and our guide Dane.  We are visiting from America.  What’s your name, sir?”
“My name is Dr. Trevor Tomblim.”
“Dr. Tomblim, may I call you Trevor?”
“Sure,” he says reluctantly.
“Can you tell me first of all, are you all right?”
“Yes, I’m fine.”
“Good, I’m glad you are OK.  Can you tell me what happened here?”
“No, I really shouldn’t.  If anyone finds out what has happened here it could cause a panic across the entire country.  I need to try and figure out what my next move will be.  You shouldn’t be here.”
“How many people are working here in the facility with you, Trevor?”
“There were eight of us working on this project.”
“You said ‘were’ eight of us.  What has happened to the rest of your team?  Is the project finished?”
“No, the project wasn’t completed, but I guess it is now.  Everyone else is either dead or out there somewhere.”
“What do you mean, Trevor?”
He reluctantly pulls up a chair and starts to explain.  “About a year ago we decided to start testing a compound that was designed to reduce aggressive behavior.  It all started when a doctor in the state penitentiary was brutally attacked by an inmate a few years ago for no apparent reason.  He said the inmate just had this urge to kill anything with a heartbeat.  The doctor fully recovered and began working diligently trying to find a drug to control aggressive behavior.  He didn’t want anyone else to be harmed or worse--killed. ”
He went on to explain how the compound is supposed to calm the individual with absolutely no side effects.  If taken in very small doses on a daily basis, it can control anger and aggressiveness not only in humans, but in animals as well.
Dane responds, “How would you market such a drug?”
“The possibilities are endless,” Trevor explains.  “Think about a world with no war or hate.  It may sound a little far-fetched to you, but the government was very interested in it--interested enough to fund the entire project and build this facility just for that reason.  We started testing the compound on wild mice and rats and it appeared to be very effective.  We soon realized that we needed a bigger test subject before we went to human trials.   Wild dingoes can be very aggressive, especially when they are hungry.  We hired an expert trapper to gather some dingoes--three females and three males.”
He continues to tell us how the experiments were conducted and how they got the dingoes to be even more aggressive than normal by depriving them of food.  About six days ago they had a breakthrough with the oldest male in the bunch.  This particular dingo was extremely aggressive with the containment guard.  It was so aggressive in fact, the guard had to put a noose around its neck and drag it back to its cage.  The dingo remained in lock-up all night.
Trevor continues. “The next morning, we fed the dingo breakfast with a small amount of the drug mixed in.  Within an hour, the dingo was just as calm as a domesticated dog.  He was responsive and playful with the guard.  It was truly unbelievable.  The next morning, we gave the same dingo a small amount of the drug again and he remained calm for the remainder of the day.  We were planning to deprive the dingo of food for a few days but continue the drug in his water to see what effect, if any, food deprivation would have on his behavior.  Unfortunately, we never had the opportunity to do that because that was the day the plane crashed into the containment area.
“Six of us worked here inside the facility, and the other two were in charge of the dogs and stayed mainly in the containment area monitoring the dogs.  Both guards were outside cleaning the cages when the plane crashed almost right on top of them.  The dogs were all in a holding pen surrounded by a high fence.  The force of the impact leveled the fences, and the dingoes escaped.  The guards tried to follow them, but it was pointless.  They walked around the plane and managed to pull the pilot out of the cockpit.”
Trevor gets up from his chair and starts to pace.  “The pilot was injured badly but still breathing and able to talk.  The guard asked him what happened and the pilot told him that something hit the plane.  A meteorite, he thought.  He heard something hit the roof of the airplane and then he smelled smoke like something hot was burning the interior.  He looked around towards the back of the airplane and saw what he called a ‘hot rock’ burning a hole through one of the seats. The rock eventually went through the seat and started to penetrate the floor.  Beneath the flooring are a lot of cables and some electronics; thus, the pilot said he could not maintain control of the aircraft and was forced to land.  The impact was harder than he expected.”
Trevor said the pilot died a few minutes later.  The guard dragged him away from the wreckage and went back to investigate the plane.  He found the meteorite inside the fuselage and saw where it had burned through the floor, through the metal to the cables located beneath the flooring.  It was very small--smaller than a golf ball, but extremely hot.  The guard used a shovel to pick up the meteorite and brought it back to the containment area.
Trevor goes on to say, “We didn’t want to interfere with the crash site too much because we knew that the feds would probably track the plane down and come to investigate.  But the strange thing was they never did.  The only thing I can think of is perhaps the pilot was flying on his own and wasn’t talking to Air Traffic Control.  Perhaps no one even knew this guy was out flying that day.  We thought about calling the local police, but we did not want anyone snooping around our facility, asking a lot of questions about the secret government-funded project.”
Trevor sits and continues. “So, the guards buried the pilot and started cleaning up the containment area.  The inside crew continued with the research and felt that they had enough data to convince their investors that human trials could commence.  We weren’t concerned about the dingoes too much.  We just figured they were back in the wild and were fine.  We were planning to present our findings to the board and request human trials to start immediately.  There are some inmates on death row that exhibit extremely aggressive behavior, and the scientists thought they would be great test subjects.
“Four nights ago, the night before we were scheduled to leave, strange things started happening around here.  The two guards came in around 5:30 p.m. and got cleaned up for dinner.   I said hi to Carlos, one of the guards, on my way to the kitchen.  I grabbed a sandwich and went to my room, where I planned to work most of the evening preparing for the presentation I had to give at the board meeting the following day.
“Around 7:30 p.m. I heard raised voices coming from the vicinity of the big steel door, followed by a gun shot.  I got up, turned off my light, and crawled under the bed.  Three more gun shots rang through the halls and then my door handle started to wiggle as if someone was trying to get in.  They must have thought I was gone, because I heard the sound of footsteps walking from my door down the hall.  I don’t know who was in the facility, but I heard windows breaking and equipment being thrown on the floors.  I stayed right there for the next thirty minutes, too terrified to move.  I got out from under my bed and opened the door.   I slowly crept down the hall towards the lab and that’s when I found two of the doctors shot in the head right outside the vault by the steel doors.  One of the doctors, Dr. Elliot, was a brilliant chemist, and the one responsible for perfecting the experimental drug.   I continued down the hallway and entered the lab.  It was a disaster.  Much to my surprise, Carlos was sitting all alone in the lab.
“I remember asking Carlos if he had any idea what was going on.  Carlos just looked at me.  It was a look I had never seen before in his eyes.  You see, Carlos and I have been best friends since the first grade.  We grew up next door to each other and were pretty much inseparable our entire lives.  So to see him with this look in his eyes was very disturbing.  I sat down and started calmly talking to him to see if he was okay.  He was extremely nervous and very angry.  It was totally uncharacteristic for him to be that way.
“Carlos looked at me and said, ‘I just want to hurt someone and I don’t know why.  What’s wrong with me, Trevor?’
“I didn’t know what to tell Carlos.  I decided to draw some of his blood because I wanted to check his toxin levels.  Maybe he was contaminated with something from the vault.  He told me he felt funny, and I noticed beads of sweat forming on his forehead.  I knew something wasn’t right.  I asked him to follow me back to one of the operating rooms to get a blood sample.”  
Trevor recalls, “Carlos got on the table and I proceeded to draw several vials and noticed that it was a little discolored and had a few clumps in it.  I had trouble collecting the blood because the clots kept clogging up the needle.  I switched to a higher gage needle, which didn’t clog up quite as fast.  I didn’t say anything to Carlos about the blood, because I didn’t want to alarm him in any way since he was already agitated.  Once the caps were placed on the vials, I slipped them into my pocket.  I would have to go to another medical facility to run the tests because all of the equipment here had been destroyed.  I asked Carlos to come with me, but he refused.  Before I had a chance to try to change his mind, he took his gun out of his holster and committed suicide.   Startled, I couldn’t believe it.  I placed him on the table and put a sheet over his body.  I stood over his body and wept.  My best friend just killed himself and I don’t know why.  What in the hell happened to make him take his own life?  I was angry and very confused, but I knew I had to get out of there.  I felt like my life was in danger. 
“I left the facility that night and decided to go to Sydney for a while to let things cool off here.  Then I realized that I had forgotten my notebook--the one you are holding in your arms, Kobi.  I came back for it.  I waited this long to come back because I wanted to make sure that no one was here or coming back.  I was collecting as much data about our project as I could find from the rooms and the floors.  I even checked the pockets of the dead doctors and found something very disturbing in Dr. Elliot’s pocket.  It was a small notebook filled with equations and information that I didn’t recognize.  After reading the entire contents of the notebook, I realized that he was not working on the same project as the rest of us.
“He was developing an infectious biological disease and using the dingoes and the humans here at the facility as his test subjects.  He had been giving it to the alpha male dingo for days and recording its change in behavior.  I thought the dingoes were more aggressive because of food deprivation, but that wasn’t the case.  The alpha male quickly infected the rest of the dingoes.  Dr. Elliot’s notes also mentioned that the chemical and parasite were going to be placed in the food that was being served in the kitchen that very night.  That was the last entry in the notebook, because he was murdered later that night.”
I look at the notes and notice an asterisk on the bottom of the page that says, “The parasite will be unleashed tomorrow, during the meeting with the government officials.”
“Trevor, this is an odd statement.” I say, showing Trevor the paper.
“I didn’t see that when I looked before.  He knew I had a meeting with the people financially backing the government and this project.  He didn’t realize that I was in my room rather than at dinner with the rest of the staff.  He was planning to use me as a carrier of his parasite to infect the government.” Trevor says and then gasps.
“That was the night I ate the sandwich in my room, so that explains why I am not infected.  The rest of the team is obviously infected, and now they are out there somewhere.   I don’t know what effect it has on humans other than it seems to make them very irrational.”
Trevor didn’t hear us when we first came into the facility because he was downstairs in the basement burning the bodies in the incinerator.  He said he called his contacts in the government, and they advised him to take care of the situation and leave the facility once all the data and bodies were disposed of.   They were going to send a demolition team to the facility to get rid of all the evidence.   The entire incident was going to be covered up and forgotten.  When the government hired the employees to work at the lab, they made sure that none of them had any family--it was almost like they anticipated trouble.  
How strange.   Dane, Derrick, and I look at each other in disbelief.  We have been listening to Trevor explain what happened here for over an hour when Dane suddenly jumps up, obviously panicked about something.
“Hey, what about the sample of blood we gave to Nicola?  Do you think it 
might be from those dingoes?  It had the same clotted consistency as you described about the blood from Carlos.”
We explained to Trevor what happened that night at Katherine’s Gorge with the dingoes and told him about the blood.
Trevor said, “We need to get that blood sample away from your friend.  We need to keep this just between us.”
“I’m afraid it’s too late, Trevor,” Dane says.  “She has had the sample for a few days now.  Don’t worry, you can trust her.”
“I hope you are right,” Trevor says.
“Come on, Trevor,” Derrick motions, “get what you need and let’s get out of here.  I think we need to head back to Nicola in her lab.”
We help Trevor gather up all of the documents he needs and head out to the SUV.  
“I’ll give her a call this evening and let her know we will be there bright and early in the morning,” Dane says. “Also, I will tell her to be extra careful with the dingo blood sample, because it might be infected.”
Dane suggests that we all spend the night at his house since it is out of the public eye.  That seemed to make Trevor seem less paranoid.  We were at Dane’s house within an hour and unloaded most of the car.  The food we were going to use on the trip will now become our dinner for a few more days.
“Everybody just relax and try to get a good night’s sleep.  We will try to sort out all of this tomorrow,” Dane says.


Chapter 9

Day 12
Derrick and I wake up about 7:00 a.m. and hear voices coming from the kitchen area.  We get dressed and walk into the kitchen and pour ourselves a cup of coffee.
“Good morning!”  Derrick says to Trevor and Dane who are sitting at the kitchen table.
“Good morning Derrick, Kobi,” Trevor and Dane reply in unison.
The four of us have a good visit and discuss the plan for the day.  At around 8:30 a.m., everyone is ready to go, so we get into the SUV and Trevor in his car.  We are going into Darwin to meet Nicola at the lab.  It takes us about 45 minutes to get there, and as we pull up in front, we see Nicola on the steps waiting for us.  She is very glad to see us and invites us into the lab.  She and Trevor immediately strike up a conversation and begin talking about what tests they are going to do next.  
“Trevor,” I ask, “Do you need us to do anything?”
“No, I’m good.  These tests are going to take most of the day,” he replies.
“Sounds good,” I say.  “Here is Derrick’s cell phone number along with Dane’s.  Please call us if you find out anything.”
Trevor will need to eventually contact the Center for Disease Control (CDC), the local, and the state authorities, because there is an infectious disease involved.  He is not sure if the disease is contagious.  Trevor thinks that it probably isn’t, because he did not get it from Carlos, but what about a bite or bodily fluid exchange?  Could that spread the disease?  That’s what they need to find out.  Hopefully, Trevor and Nicola can identify some of the disease characteristics and provide that information when the CDC is contacted.
Dane is going to contact an old friend of his, Monti, and ask him to help us hunt and kill the infected dingoes.  Monti is an Aboriginal guide in the Northern Territory and is an expert hunter as well.   Finding the dingoes won’t be too hard since they have a chip implanted in them and can be tracked.  We will need to purchase a few supplies for the hunt like tranquilizer guns, and protective gear.  Trevor gave us a couple of thousand dollars to use for the supplies.  It’s what was left of the monthly allotted food money for the chef at the facility.
The three of us decide to go to the Outdoor Sports Store and buy all of the supplies we will need for the hunt.  Suddenly, without warning, a series of tones blasts out over the radio.  The announcer on the radio is warning tourists not to go near wild dingoes.  This is a standing warning because so many tourists want to get pictures with the dingoes.  The tourists feed the dingoes, hoping to get a good photograph with a wild animal.  The dingoes lose their ability to hunt and expect free food from the humans.  Then when they don’t get the food they want, they get aggressive.  The warning is not the normal warning.  It is a directive advising people to immediately go indoors if a dingo is sighted, because they are attacking humans for no apparent reason.  The warning was probably issued because of the family that was killed a few days ago.
The three of us instinctively know that the dingoes the announcer is talking about must be the ones from the facility.  There were several locations mentioned in the broadcast where these dingoes were sighted--all within 100 kilometers of the facility.  We will have to wait until Trevor and Nicola are finished in the lab before we decide what our next move will be.  A couple of hours later, Nicola phones Dane with some disturbing news.  Dane puts the call on speakerphone.
“Dane, this is Nicola.  We have finished analyzing the blood samples, including the blood from Carlos.  Both the dingo blood and the human blood contain the same microorganism which appears to behave like a parasite.   We took a small sample of the infected blood and introduced it to a sample of my blood, and the parasite was extremely aggressive with its takeover of the uninfected red blood cells.  Within a few minutes, every one of the red blood cells in the clean sample was infected.  Thus we have to assume that it is contagious and can be contracted with any exchange of bodily fluids, a bite, or simple contact with the infected blood without protective gear.  Hang on a minute, Trevor wants to talk to you.”
Trevor gets on the phone and says, “Now that we have more information on the parasite, I am going to call the CDC.  I’m sure they will send a top notch team of scientists here to test the blood and draw their own conclusions.  I don’t know how long it will take for them to get here, but I’ll call you back after I talk to the CDC.”
“Sounds like we might have an epidemic on our hands,” Dane says.  “How is this going to be contained?”
“Let’s wait for the CDC to evaluate the situation, and we’ll go from there,” Trevor replies.  “I’ll talk to you soon.”
“Okay Trevor, I’ll talk to you later.”  
This isn’t sounding good, so we decide to head toward Nicola’s lab to improve our position since we don’t have a good arrival time for the CDC.  At 5:15 p.m., Trevor calls us again and tells us that the CDC is right here in Darwin and they will be at the lab around 7:00 p.m.  We decide to go pick up Trevor and Nicola and grab a quick bite of dinner and make sure we are back at the lab by 6:45 p.m.
The five of us plus three representatives from the CDC head into the conference room and begin discussing the issue.  Trevor and Nicola present their evidence and conclusions from the tests they did earlier today.  Trevor shows them the notebook that he found on Dr. Elliot and relays the unimaginable story to them like he did to us when we first met.  Since the epidemic is not confined to a certain area, it will be nearly impossible to quarantine.  They agree that the first place that needs to be quarantined and decontaminated is the lab facility.
Geoff, the lead CDC representative says, “We will send a team to the facility to check the hazardous vault area and the rest of the compound, especially
the kitchen.  Once we have collected any specimens or contaminants, the facility will be burned.  Dr. Tomblim, are you available tomorrow to accompany us to the lab?”
“Yes, of course,” Trevor replies.
“Great.  Can you meet us here at 7:00 a.m. and we will follow you to the lab facility?” Geoff asks.
“Sure, no problem.  I would like for Dr. Nicola Reese to accompany us since she’s the one who helped me identify the parasite.” Trevor requests.
At this point in the meeting, Dane speaks up and tells Geoff about the tracking devices that are in the six infected dingoes.  He mentions that he has hired an Aboriginal guide and hunter to help track down the dingoes.  With Trevor’s GPS and Monti’s skill and extraordinary perception, it shouldn’t be that difficult.
Geoff looks at Dane with surprise and says, “And you don’t mind taking on the burden of hunting and destroying the infected dingoes?”
“No, not at all.  I know this country like the back of my hand and Monti is the best man I know, so between the two of us, this won’t be hard at all.” Dane responds.
“Super!  We’ll send a CDC member along with you to make sure the dingoes are disposed of properly.  I’m sure you are very competent, and I am not questioning your abilities, but I have to send a team member along with you.  It is procedure.” Geoff explains.
“I don’t have a problem with that, Geoff.  Thanks for your confidence.” Dane says as he shakes Geoff’s hand.  “The plan for disposing of the dingoes is pretty simple.  We will shoot them and then burn the bodies.”
“Great.  Be sure to wear protective gear, especially when you are burning the bodies. May I also suggest soaking the freshly killed dingoes with bleach so the blood doesn’t contaminate the soil and spread,” Geoff requests.
After the meeting, we all go to Dane’s house, including Nicola.  She is part of our team now, so we want to make sure we include her in all of our conversations.  The CDC values her input and will probably ask her to stay on and help them until the crisis is over.  The CDC has unofficially declared the parasite as a disease for which there is no known cure.  They have decided not to make this information public because they don’t want people to panic, but they are treating the disease as a possible epidemic and will follow standard protocol.  The decision will be made at a later time how to inform the public, if at all.
Nicola will go with Trevor to the facility tomorrow, and Dane, Derrick, and I are going to Monti’s house.  


Chapter 10

Day 13 
Morning came early for all of us.  Trevor and Nicola left around 6:30 a.m. to meet the CDC and go to the lab facility.  We are meeting Monti at 12:00 noon at his place.  Dane tells us that Monti’s place is only about 30 miles away, but it will take us an hour or so to get there because the roads are treacherous.  It is a slow, rough drive requiring a four-wheel-drive vehicle to navigate the colossal boulders that are in the middle of the road.
Finally, we arrive and see Monti sitting on the front porch rocking back and forth in his rocking chair.  He is smoking what appears to be a homemade pipe with some tobacco in it.  The house is a very simple house with a porch all around it.  On the side of the house there is an overhang with a sizable workshop.  As we approach the front porch, Monti stands up and extends his hand to meet Dane’s.  Dane introduces us and we go inside for a cup of tea.  Monti has a very dark, dull black complexion with long, curly hair.  The curls are like spirals.  He is probably six feet tall and 185 pounds.  His hypnotic eyes are a smoky grey color with a tint of brown in them.
Monti is a descendant of the Pitjantjatjara people and refers to himself as Anangu.  There are only about 3500 Anangu people left in Australia and they are very connected to the land.  They consider themselves to be direct descendants of the creators and regularly take walkabouts to remain in tune with the land and their ancestors.   
It is obvious to Derrick and me that Dane and Monti have been friends for a very long time.  Monti is more than willing to help track down the dingoes and destroy them.  We all hate the fact that they must be destroyed, but we don’t have a choice unless a cure is found.  Dane tells Monti the entire story, and he just listens.  Monti is surprised to learn that Derrick and I are going to help with tracking the dingoes.
I pull the map out, and Dane has the tracking device.  All of the tracking chip signals have been input into the GPS.  If we isolate those signals only, the red dots on the screen will be the dingoes.  Here we go.  Dane pushes a few buttons and BAM!  There they are just as plain as day.  He moves the curser over the first red dot and the Latitude/Longitude coordinates appear.  There is our first target.  Oddly enough, the dingoes are all within 20 miles of each other.  I wonder if this is their territory.  We decide to call Trevor and Nicola and brief them on the situation.
“Hello,” Trevor says.
“Hi Trevor. It’s Kobi.  What’s going on?”
“Oh, hi Kobi.  Everything is going great here.  The CDC found more of the parasites in the vault.  It appears as though Dr. Elliot was keeping the parasites alive in some sort of chemical that we haven’t identified yet.  I also found Dr. Elliot’s laptop in the vault so we are trying our best to get into his files and snoop around. The kitchen was contaminated, so they are proceeding with their decontamination procedures.  I think we got everything out of the lab that will be of any use to us, so they are ready to burn it to the ground. Kobi, can I call you back?”
“No problem, Trevor.”
“What did Trevor say, Kobi?” Derrick asks.  So I told him about the conversation.  Just about the time I finish, the phone rings.
“Trevor, it that you?”
“Yeah, it’s me.  We had to get a safe distance from the lab because they are setting it ablaze as we speak.  That’s a shame to see all my hard work go up in flames.  I know it needs to be destroyed because of the parasite, but deep inside, I’m crushed...you know what I mean?”
“Yes, I do.  I’m so sorry, Trevor.  Thought you might want to know that we have located the dingoes on your GPS.  The chips you implanted into the dingoes and the tracking device work perfectly.  There are all within about 20 kilometers of each other.  We are plotting them on the map right now.  I can’t wait to show it to you later.  Are you guys headed back to the Darwin lab?”
“Yes, I think so.  We will probably wait here 30 more minutes and then head into the city.  The CDC is going to leave a team behind to supervise.”
“Okay, we are headed that way ourselves.  We want to report our findings to Geoff and make sure he approves our plan.  We will be there around 5:00 p.m.”
“OK.  I’ll see you then.”
Dane and Monti have the dingoes plotted on the map.  They will check the
coordinates again first thing in the morning and track their movement.  Whichever dingo is the closest will be the first hunted.  Monti gathers up a few things, and we start the drive back to Darwin.  When we arrive at the lab, Trevor is waiting outside to meet us.  We all go into the conference room and start discussing the course of action.
Trevor and Nicola are going to stay in the lab with the CDC and see if they can further isolate the chemical they found at the lab--the one the parasite was soaking in.  The CDC is pushing hard to find a cure for the disease because they suspect there are humans walking around who are infected and may be infecting other humans.
“Trevor, please give me a list of names of the people in the lab who were infected.” Geoff requests.
“Dr. Evan Rudlinsky, Dr. Stolz Johanssen, Sevi Ballento, and Dr. Marci Whitmyre.  Stolz is Swedish, Marci is probably back in New Zealand, and Evan and Sevi live here in Darwin.  I don’t know their addresses, but I know where to find them,” Trevor says with a smile.
“Great!  Call your government contact and get that information please,” Geoff says.  “While Trevor is doing that, Dane, what is your plan?”
Dane begins to explain the plan to Geoff and shows him the map with the location of the dingoes.   Of course the positions will be different in the morning, but Geoff gets the idea.  He nods his head in agreement with the plan and tells Dane and Monti to proceed. Cole, the CDC man, will accompany us on the hunt.  Geoff tells Cole to report in every four hours with a position and status report.
By the time we finish strategizing, it’s around 11:00 p.m.  Trevor is going to stay in town with Nicola, so Dane, Monti, Derrick, and I head back to Dane’s place and go straight to bed.  We are planning to get up early and plot the first dingo so the hunt can commence.  Derrick and I talk in bed for about ten minutes before going to sleep wondering if this is the right thing for us to do.  We are not trained professionals like Dane and Monti.  I hope we don’t get in the way.  Dane seems to like the idea of our accompanying him.  Derrick really wants to go, and so do I; so we are going.


Chapter 11

Day 14
The alarm doesn’t have a chance to sound before I slam the lever down.  Derrick and I are very eager to get going this morning.  We walk into the kitchen and see Dane and Monti already plotting out the first dingo on the handheld GPS.  Three of the dingoes have separated from the pack and appear to be heading south.
“Hey, good morning!  Here is the first target.  It is about 30 kilometers from my place, right here close to Tortilla Flats.” Dane says.
Derrick and I pull up a chair and grab a Jakfruit muffin from a plate in the middle of the table.  
“How long will it take us to get there?” I ask with a mouth full of muffin.
“The terrain is pretty flat, so it should only take us about 30 to 40 minutes.” Dane says.  “Kobi, I want you to navigate, so let me make sure that you know how to use the GPS.”
He shows me how to input the information and isolate certain frequencies which will help us find the dingoes.  Easy enough.
“Hey, what time is the CDC guy, Cole, supposed to meet us here?” Monti asks.
“I told him to be here at 8:00 a.m.  What time is it now?” Dane asks.
“It’s 7:50 a.m.,” Derrick answers.
“He still has some time.  Monti, let’s make sure we have everything we need in the car.  Here Kobi, you take the GPS,” Dane says as he hands me the device.
Dane and Monti pick up their gear off the table and go out to the car.  Derrick and I are finishing our breakfast and orange juice.  I look at him and ask him if he is ready for this.  He nods his head yes.  Just as we stand up, Dane walks in with Cole.
Cole is a tall, husky man, probably measuring about 6 feet 3 inches, and 220 pounds.   His hair is so blonde, it’s almost white, and his eyes are a light grey steel color.   I would guess his age to be 37 years old.
You ready to go?” Dane asks.
“Yep, all ready.  Let’s go,” Derrick answers as he grabs his backpack and heads to the car.
“Derrick, you drive, and Kobi will navigate.  Monti and I will be looking through the binoculars most of the time, searching for the dingo.  All you need to do with the GPS is hit this button when we get within one kilometer.  It will zoom in on the dot and give a more accurate range.  I have set the range rings at 100 meters each.  When we get within 200 meters of the dingo, let us all know.  Derrick, I want you to slow down at that point.  At 150 meters, stop the car.  Monti and I will get out and walk toward the target after we have a good visual.”
Slowly we approach the first red dot on the GPS.  We are within one kilometer of the first dingo.  I have to admit I am getting a little nervous, but excited at the same time.  Derrick and I have never done anything like this before, and it is a little nerve wracking, to say the least.  After all, we are just tourists, here on our honeymoon, caught up in the middle of a possible infectious, biological outbreak--that’s all.  There’s no place I’d rather be.
“Dane, I am showing one kilometer on the GPS.  The red dot is northeast of our current position, and appears to be stationary.”
“It is stationary because the dingo is probably resting in the heat of the day.  They prefer to hunt at night, and usually hunt alone or in very small packs,” Dane responds.
“How far away are we now Kobi?” Monti asks.
“Still about a half kilometer and it remains stationary.”  We slowly continue northeast until we get within 200 meters.  “Dane, we are at 200 meters.”
“OK.  Derrick, slow down to a snail’s pace, please.  Monti, do you see anything yet?  Kobi--position please,”  Dane whispers.
“We are just over 150 meters away Dane.  Derrick, stop the car.” I whisper softly.
Monti has spotted the dingo, and it is alone, in the shade, under a big tree.  Monti and Dane exit the car, put on the protective gear, and grab the tranquilizer guns.  Slowly and very deliberately, they walk toward the dingo, trying to be especially quiet so it doesn’t hear them.  But something startles the dingo, because in a blink of an eye, it jumps to its feet and is growling at Monti and Dane.  Right now it appears to be a standoff, but suddenly, the dingo charges toward Monti with a ferocious snarl.
Dane aims the gun, shoots the dart, and lands a perfect shot right in the left
buttock.  Within a few minutes, the dingo is down for the count.  Monti approaches the dingo with extreme caution and takes a pistol out of his pocket and puts a bullet right into the dingo’s brain causing a painless, instant death--a very humane way to destroy the animal.   Dane signals for us to drive the car over to their location making sure that we are not downwind of the animal.
“Quick, Kobi, hand me that big bottle of bleach, please,” Dane quickly asks.  “I need to pour this all over the dingo while he is bleeding to kill the parasite.”
Monti is gathering wood to build a fire so the dingo can be burned.  Gasoline can’t be used to set the fire because bleach is being used.  The combination of the two is very dangerous, so a wood fire is the safest option. Monti has the wood stacked and uses kindling and a match to start the fire.  After a few minutes, the fire is blazing.
Meanwhile, Dane is pouring the bleach all over the dingo’s body.  As soon as the fur is soaked, Dane and Monti pick up the dingo using their gloves, of course, and throw it on the fire.  Initially, there is a lot of smoke, so we move farther away from the fire.  The dingo begins to burn; the fur slowly melts onto the body, and then the flesh starts burning.  At this point, I turn away because I really don’t want to watch it anymore.   I hate the fact that these animals are being 
Destroyed, but I understand.
The four of us go back to the car and wait at least an hour for the fire to burn out so Cole can investigate the remains and be assured the animal has been disposed of in accordance with procedure.  He grabs the shovel and starts putting dirt on the fire to make sure it is out.  The one thing we don’t want is a wild fire out here in the Northern Territory.  Cole calls Geoff and reports that the first dingo was alone and has been eliminated.
Cole comes back to the car and relays a message from Geoff.  “Outstanding job!  Those were his exact words,” Cole says.
We look at each other and smile.  So it’s time to find the next dingo.  Monti pulls out the map and Dane inputs the signals into the GPS.  Again, like magic, five red dots appear on the screen.  They are spread out a little farther then they were last time we plotted them, but still relatively close together.  Two red dots are within 10 kilometers of each other, and the other three dots are closer together, but moving south.
The closest dingo to our current position is approximately 20 kilometers away.  On these back roads, it will take us about 45 minutes to get there.  Derrick puts the car in gear and we are off.  Dane reaches for the ice chest behind the back seat and pulls out some water for us.  I didn’t realize I was so thirsty.  Before I can take a breath, my container of water is empty.  Dane hands me another  water and jokingly says, “Try to enjoy this one.”
“Thanks Dane, I will.”
Monti hands Derrick and me a sandwich--ham and cheese, I think.  We got so caught up and absorbed by the hunt that we forgot to eat.  Monti made them earlier today and they are delicious.  I look down at the GPS to check the coordinates and see we are on course.  The dot is at our one o’clock position, 15 kilometers.
“Derrick, turn just slightly to the right…perfect.  Now the dot is at our 12 o’clock, 14 kilometers.”
“So, tell me about yourselves,” Cole says as he scans the horizon.
I am assuming he is talking to Derrick and me, so I reply, “Well, I am a Lab Technician in the Medical Examiner’s Office, and Derrick is a Zoologist.  We are from St. Louis, MO and we’re here on our honeymoon.”
“On your honeymoon…are you serious?” Cole questions.
“Yeah, on our honeymoon.  This is not exactly what we had planned, but it is definitely an adventure.  That’s for sure!”
I tell Cole the entire story of how we ended up here, in this car, at this moment.  He is very surprised and seems genuinely pleased to make our acquaintance.
“Kobi, where are we with respect to the dingo?” Derrick inquires.
I got so busy talking to Cole, I forgot to keep my focus on the dingo dot.  “Dingo, 12 o’clock, 2 kilometers.”
“Straight ahead is a very large outcrop with a small bush on one side.   That’s probably where it is resting,” Monti says.
“I see it.  Kobi, how far?” Dane asks.
“One kilometer.”
“Monti, do you see that?  Look, there are three dingoes on the shade side of those rocks.  See them?”  Dane asks quietly.
“Yep.  Got ‘em,” Monti responds.  “I didn’t expect three.”
“Me either!” Dane replies.
Dane tells Derrick to stop the car.  Dane and Monti need to discuss what
their intentions are now that there are three dingoes.  It is impossible to know which one is the infected dingo, so they have to assume that all of the dingoes are carriers.  The problem is they only have two tranquilizer guns.   Monti has a pistol that can be used, so Dane asks Cole if he can handle a gun.  He says he is an expert marksman, so that’s good.
“Monti and I will tranquilize the two dingoes on the right while they are sleeping.  If the third one gets up before we have loaded another dart, Cole, you shoot it!  Dane explains. “So are you guys ready?”
Everyone is ready, so Derrick puts the car in gear and starts to pull forward.  Once we get to 200 meters, I tell Derrick to slow down.  Now we are at 150 meters.  Derrick stops.  Dane, Monti, and Cole exit the car and put on their protective gear.  Monti and Dane grab the tranquilizer guns and Cole gets the pistol.  They start walking toward the three dingoes.
Dane and Monti very quietly lift their guns and fire a tranquilizer into two of the three dingoes.  Before they have a chance to reload, the third dingo is charging.  Cole lifts the pistol and fires off a shot.  He misses.  The dingo is running straight towards Cole now.  He fires off a second shot and hits it in the leg.  The dingo leaps forward and lands on Cole knocking him to the ground.  Cole shoots again, point blank, and kills the dingo.  
Cole is on his back with a dead dingo on top of him.  He tosses the dingo off and lies on his back a minute to catch his breath.  It’s a good thing he was wearing protective gear, because his chest is covered with dingo blood.  Monti takes the gun from Cole and goes to the other two dingoes and fires off a shot into each of the heads.  Done!
“That was a tense moment!” Cole comments as he sits up and puts his arms on his knees.  “For a minute there, I thought I was lunch.”
Dane offers his hand to Cole and helps him to his feet.  The two of them grab the dingo’s legs and drag it over to where the other two are.  Cole comes running back to the car and asks us to follow him, so we do.  We pull up and Cole reaches inside the car and pulls out his backpack.  Inside are some vials and a needle.  He wants to draw a blood sample from all of the dingoes, since we don’t know which one is infected.  The lab wants to check the characteristics and the progression of the parasite to see if it has changed.
He walks over to the first dingo and inserts the needle into the forearm and collects the sample.  He sees something on the belly and calls Dane over to have a closer look.
“Dane, look at this dingo’s belly.  It is almost entirely purple but not swollen too much.  It looks like it is bleeding internally.  What do you think?”
“That’s what it looks like.  That’s weird.  Do you think it is the parasite?”
“I don’t know.  Let me call Geoff and see what he wants to do.  I bet he will want to collect the corpse and bring it in for an autopsy.”
Cole comes back to the car and calls Geoff.  He relays the information and then nods his head and says, “Okay, we will wait for the truck.”  Cole hangs up the phone and tells us that Geoff is sending a truck with a hazardous container to collect the dingo and bring it back to the lab to investigate.
Cole says, “This parasite might be a little nastier then we anticipated.  It appears to be consuming the dingo from the inside out, but I’m not sure.  That’s why we want to have a closer look.  Let me get a plastic sheet out of the car so we can wrap up the dingo and prevent further bleeding in the soil.”
Monti is busy gathering wood for the fire, and Dane grabs the bleach and starts pouring it over the two dingoes to be burned.   After about 15 minutes, the dingoes are placed in the fire and burned.   The third dingo, wrapped in plastic, is in front the car.  Dane, Monti, and Cole return to the vehicle and take off their protective gear. 
“Whew!  That was exhausting,” Cole says as he lifts a water bottle up to his lips for a drink.  I notice something on Cole’s hand.
“Cole, what is that on your hand?  Is that blood?” I ask with a sick feeling in my stomach.
Cole looks at his hand, gets a paper towel out of the car, and wipes the blood off.   It is his blood.  Dane gets Cole’s right hand glove and investigates it closely.
“Cole, it looks like the dingo’s canine pierced your glove and left that scratch on your hand.  What else could have left the mark?  What hand did you have the gun in?” Dane inquires.
“The gun was in my left hand, and my right arm was in front of my face blocking the dingo’s mouth…damn!” Cole says, defeated.
I put my hand in front of my mouth and take a deep breath.  Tears are consuming my eyes and streaming down my cheeks.  Cole has been infected.  I know it.   What else could have scratched him?  Cole is sitting on the ground with his head between his knees in total disbelief.   He is whispering, “I was so careful, how could this happen?”
Within the hour the truck arrives and Geoff jumps out of the back of the truck and walks over toward us.  He sees Cole sitting on the ground staring off into space and asks us, “What’s happened?”
Dane answers, “Cole was scratched by the infected dingo.  He put his arm up in a defensive posture and the dingo scratched him with his canine, we think.”
Geoff takes a long, deep breath and goes over to where Cole is sitting.
“Come on man, you are coming back to the lab with me.  We will need to
quarantine you, draw some blood, and figure out what is going on.”  
Cole gets up and walks over to the truck and steps into the back.  He has such a defeated look on his face.  I wish there was something we could do, but there isn’t.  Dane and Monti load the wrapped dingo in the cage sitting on the side of the truck.
“That’s enough for today.  Why don’t the four of you finish up here and meet us back at the lab,” Geoff asks.  “We need to talk.”
Dane replies, “Okay Geoff, let us clean up the mess here, and we will meet you at the lab.  It shouldn’t be long.”


Chapter 12

As the truck pulls away, the four of us are just sick about what has happened.   Poor Cole.  Dane and Monti finish cleaning up the area and make sure that the charred remains of the dingoes are completely buried and disposed of, just as Cole would have done.   They come back to the car and put the protective clothing into a large air tight container.  Once we get our bearings, we start driving back into Darwin, toward the lab.
We arrive at the lab at 7:30 p.m. and go straight to the showers located in the decontamination chamber for a bath and change of clothes before we go to the conference room.   The clothes that Dane, Cole, and Monti had on will be burned in the incinerator downstairs because they could be infected.  Everyone decides to
meet in the conference room at 8:30 p.m. to discuss everything that has happened.
Geoff walks in the conference rooms and says, “Thank you all for coming here.  I’m afraid I have some bad news.  I checked Cole’s blood and he has been infected.  We requested an autopsy be done tonight on the dingo we brought back. Let’s get a good look at what we are dealing with.  Trevor, do you have the information on the four people from the lab?”
“Yes.  I got their addresses and contacted the authorities about 12 hours ago.  They have Sevi and Evan in custody, and will be transporting them here later on this evening.  The authorities said that when they found them, they were both sitting in their apartments staring into space.  They both surrendered to the authorities without incident.  The police said that when they questioned Sevi about the incident at the lab, he had no idea how he ended up in his apartment with blood all over his clothes.  
The authorities sent a list of names to all of the airports.   Stolz was momentarily detained at the airport by security, but he beat up the guards and left the airport, and no one knows where he is at the moment.  Marci is still missing and no one seems to know where she is either.  She didn’t return to her house after the lab incident,” Trevor reports.
“Well, at least that is progress.  Let me know when the two guys get here and put them in quarantine.   Marcus, post guards outside of their rooms, and if they try to leave or get violent, tell the guards to bring them down.  Don’t kill them, just incapacitate them,” Geoff says.
Nicola stands and reports that she ran a test on the liquid that the parasites were soaking in.  This chemical has an adverse effect on the brain--specifically the part of the brain that controls behavior and rational thought.  That could have been what made the doctors at the facility so aggressive that night.  But luckily, that chemical’s side effect is temporary, for humans that is.  She had no idea what kind of effect that chemical has on dingoes.  Since they are sometimes aggressive anyway, it may affect their behavior differently.
Geoff says, “That would explain their behavior.  Good work!  Trevor, will you establish a time line for me?  Nicola, please work with my team to isolate the parasite, and then start trying to kill it.   Does anyone have any questions?”
No one has any questions, so Geoff tells everyone to get back to work.  Everyone knows it is late, but it doesn’t seem to matter.  Finding an antidote is paramount.   Derrick, Dane, Monti, and I stayed behind to talk to Geoff for a minute.  
“Listen, Geoff,” Dane says, “we want to head back out in the morning and finish killing the infected dingoes.  Do you have another CDC member you want us to take with us?”
“No, Dane, I don’t.  Do you feel comfortable handling this without an extra body?”
“No worries, Geoff.  We got this!”
“Thanks, Dane, I appreciate it very much,” Geoff says as he pats Dane on the shoulder.
 So we’re on our own.  We shook Geoff’s hand and told him we would be back tomorrow night with a status report.  We left the lab about 10:00 p.m. and went back to Dane’s house.

Day 15
Derrick and I are up really early, and head into the kitchen to make a pot 
of coffee and some breakfast for Dane and Monti.  Dane comes in about 30 minutes later, dressed and ready to go. 
“I better go wake up Monti,” Dane says as he stands up from the table.
“No need, mate.  I’m up,” Monti says as he enters the kitchen.  
Dane appears to be a little down this morning.  He is really upset about Cole and feels responsible for what happened, but it wasn’t his fault.  He looks up at us and says, “I don’t want what happened yesterday to happen again with one of you guys, so we are going to wear stronger, tear resistant, protective gear.  Kobi, you and Derrick are going to wear it too.  Let’s not take any chances.  Before we go hunting today, I want us to go back to the outdoor store and buy some more commercial grade bleach and a few more tranquilizer guns with scopes for long range accuracy.  There is no reason for us to get that close to the dingoes.   I also called Geoff this morning and requested that he give us four biohazard suits from the lab--suits that are stronger and tear proof.  We will pick them up on the way out.”
“We’d better get moving then.  We have a lot to do today,” Derrick states.  We gather up the maps and the GPS and head toward Darwin.  The store opens at 9:00 a.m.  We are in and out of the store in an hour.  A quick stop at the lab to get the suits, and we are on our way.  I pull out the GPS and check the location of the dingoes.  The closest one to us is east of here about 25 kilometers near the Black Jungle, Lambells Lagoon area.
“That’s just off the Arnhem Highway.  I know where that is,” Monti says.  “I have some relatives who live just north of the Black Jungle Reserve.  My cousin, Tuka, lives out there on the edge of the swamp.  May I see the GPS for a sec please?  I would like to see exactly where the dingo is.  He is right here on the
southern edge of the swamp close to Tuka’s house.”
“Are you serious.  Does your cousin have a phone?” I ask
“No, unfortunately, he does not.  I am not sure if he is home right now. Usually, he hunts this time of year and is gone for months.  I would like to check on him though,  just to make sure.”
“Absolutely!  After we kill this dingo, we’ll swing by the house and check,” Dane says.  
We are within two kilometers of the dingo dot and are exiting off the Arnhem Highway headed north.  Dane and Monti start looking.  
“One kilometer.” I say.
 Derrick slows down a little and Dane spots the dingo.  “There it is!  He is eating something and appears to be alone.”  
We approach with extreme caution.  Dane and Monti are both going to fire a tranquilizer into the dingo since he is alone.  We stop at 100 meters.
“With these new scopes, we don’t need to get any closer.  Let’s just stand up through the sun roof and shoot,” Dane says as he stands up.
Both Dane and Monti stand up and point their guns toward the dingo.  I hear zoom, zoom as a dart exits the barrel and whizzes past my ear. Easy shot--both darts are on target, in the back left buttock of the dingo.  They sit back down and are getting ready to exit the car when suddenly, without warning, there is another dingo coming at us from the opposite direction.  He is coming fast.  I don’t say a word.  I grab another tranquilizer gun, stand up, and shoot.  I see the dart enter his right shoulder and it startles the dingo.  He starts grabbing the dart with his teeth trying to pull it out of his shoulder, but eventually succumbs to the drug.
“I got him! I got him,” I screamed.  Unbelievable!  I’m pretty sure that was a lucky shot, but I don’t care, I’ll take it.  We are all hollering and ‘woohooing’; it was an awesome feeling.  
“Wow, that was unexpected,” Dane remarks as he sits back down.
Monti replies, “Yeah, just a little bit.”
Both Monti and Dane are looking at me with their mouths open in disbelief.
“Good shot, girl,” Derrick says patting me on the shoulder.  “Kobi, the dingo slayer.”
“Thanks!”  I say with a little smirk on my face.
We decide to sit in the car for a few more minutes, just to make sure there aren’t any more dingoes waiting to pounce on us.  Lesson learned today.  We need to make sure that the area is totally clear before we exit the car.  Most importantly, we should probably have someone searching and scanning while the rest of us are out of the car.
“Alright, I think the coast is clear, Monti.  Let’s go clean up the mess,” Dane says.  “Derrick, will you keep an eye out for us, please.  Here is a gun.”
Clean up and disposal is the same as it was before.   The dingo was eating a small kangaroo, so it will need to be disposed of as well.
Three more dingoes to go.  Maybe if they are close we can get them all today.   Before we leave the area, we are going to swing by Taku’s place and check on him.  Monti says he lives just up the road on the right.   We pull up in front of this run-down shack and see a body lying in front yard.   It is Taku.  Monti jumps out of the car and runs over to the body.  
“Don’t touch the body, mate!” Dane screams from the car as Monti slowly
approaches the body.
It could be a dingo attack and he needs to be protected.  Monti puts on a suit and gloves and returns to Taku.  He rolls him over and lifts the head and shoulders and places him in his lap.
“Taku, Taku? “Monti screams.  There is no response.  Derrick, Dane, and I don our protective gear, jump out of the car, and run over to Monti.  Taku isn’t moving at all.  Monti feels for a pulse and smiles.
“There is a pulse,” he says, “Help me get him inside.”
As we lift Taku, we notice that he is lying in a puddle of blood.  I look at Dane and back at the blood and we both know, without saying anything, what has happened.  
“Be very careful not to touch his blood,” Dane says.
We put Taku on the kitchen table and Dane runs back to the car to get the bleach.  He needs to pour bleach over the blood in the front yard because it could be infected.
Dane returns to the kitchen and Monti starts talking to Taku. 
“Taku, Taku, wake up man.”
He slaps his face and shakes him, yelling his name.   I see Taku’s eyes open and he whispers in a very weak voice, “Cousin, cousin, what are you doing here?”
“Hey, man.  What happened?  Do you remember?” Monti asks.
There is a tightening of Taku’s eyelids, and his nose wrinkles.  He is in a lot of pain, but manages to speak.
“I was inside making a sandwich and heard something in the back yard.  It knocked over my rubbish can, so I went to see what it was.  When I opened up the back door, I saw a couple of dingoes digging in my garbage.  I yelled at them, trying to scare them off, but it didn’t work.  They came running toward me so I slammed the door.”
Taku coughs and groans, and it’s obvious that he is in a lot of pain.  He continues with the story.  “Then I heard yelping, looked out of the window and saw the two dingoes running away.  Something scared them enough to make them run away.  I went to the front door and opened it to see what had scared them and saw another dingo just standing there, snarling.  I grabbed for my gun and before I could get the gun on my shoulder, the dingo attacked me.  The dingo jumped through the screen door to get to me.  I know it took a chunk out of my back because it hurts real bad.  Then it dragged me out into the yard and bit me over and over.  I thought it was going to kill me, but suddenly he stopped and ran off.”
“Easy man, stop talking.  Let me look at you and see how bad it is.” Monti says.
He rolls Taku over on his side and it is horrible.  There is a large chunk of
his back missing and the skin is torn to shreds.  It’s almost like the dingo was eating him alive.  I feel sick to my stomach, but manage to speak.
“I wonder if that was the last dingo that charged us?”
Dane looks at me and says, “Maybe he heard the shots or heard his buddies yelping, and came to investigate.”
I lean in to Monti and give him a soft squeeze. “Monti, he has lost a lot of blood,” I whisper.  “What do you want to do?”
“I don’t know if there is anything we can do.  I don’t think he is strong enough to make it to hospital, and if it is parasite infected blood, we don’t want to risk infecting anyone else.”  
Derrick motions for me to come over to where he is standing by the front door, just next to the kitchen.  He whispers, “Look at the blood, Kobi.  It is clotted just like the blood from the dingo and Carlos.  He is infected and has lost a lot of blood.  I don’t think he is going to make it.  See all the clots in the blood.  That happened fast.”
“I see it.  Oh man, poor Taku.” I cry. “How did he get infected so fast, I wonder?”
“I don’t know.  Maybe the dingo that bit him was infected by the alpha male and was loaded with the parasite.  I don’t even know if that is possible.  Maybe we should get a sample of his blood and bring it back to the lab.  There’s a large pool of blood on the front porch.”
“Yeah, that would probably be a good idea.  Dane, do you have anything we can collect a sample of Taku’s blood in?  We should bring back a sample to Trevor.”
“I think so.  Let me go look in the kit Geoff gave us.  I thought I saw a small vial in there that we can use.  I’ll be right back.”
Dane returns with the kit and takes out a vial and a wooden tongue depressor.  He dons a pair of gloves and carefully collects a sample of Taku’s blood.  The sample is sealed and placed back in the kit.  He returns the kit to the car.
Derrick and I walk back into the kitchen only to find Taku dead.   Monti appears to be a bit relieved because at least Taku is not in pain anymore.  He pulls a sheet over Taku’s face and walks away from the table.  Monti slowly walks into the living room and sits down on the couch.   Dane enters the house and sees Taku’s body covered up, so he knows that Taku is dead.  
Dane walks over to Monti and kneels down beside his friend. “Monti, I am so sorry about your cousin.  I wish there was something I could say to take your pain away.”
“Thank you my friend, but he will soon become part of this land again.  That gives me comfort.”
We know exactly what we have to do and it is not a pleasant thought. Taku has been infected, and we need to dispose of the body and burn the house down, since there is blood all over the porch and in the kitchen.  This is not how the Aboriginal people usually dispose of their family members, but we have no other option in this case.   Monti knows what has to be done, so he stands up and starts preparing his cousin’s body for disposal.
Monti and Dane put Taku on a plastic sheet, cover his body with bleach, and then roll him up.  They decide to leave him on the kitchen table since the house will be burned anyway.  We all walk back to the car, and Monti grabs the gasoline, and pours it all around the house.  He pauses just for a second, strikes the match, and throws the match on the porch.  The house starts to burn.  At the car, we start to carefully remove the protective gear and place them in airtight containers to be decontaminated and recycled back at the lab.  Monti drops to his knees and begins to wail.  The house is completely engulfed in flames now and Monti is forced to back away from the house because the heat is so intense.  He returns to the car, removes his protective gear, and gets in the back seat.  I can’t imagine how Monti feels.
When we are at a safe distance, we stop and look back toward the house.  Monti gets out of the car, watches for a few minutes, and says his goodbyes.  What a terrible thing to have happen to a family member.  He is taking it well and suggests we wait until the fire has burned out.  We want to make sure everything has been disposed of properly before we leave, so we decide to wait for the fire to run its course.  After the fire dies, we’ll go back and double check everything.  
By the time we finish with Taku’s house, it’s around 4:00 p.m., and we need to go back to the lab and get new suits.  So we decide to give Geoff a call and let him know what happened today.  Geoff is sorry to hear about Taku and says he’ll talk to us when we get there.
When we arrive at the lab,  Dane and Monti take the airtight containers right to the decontamination area and grab four clean biohazard suits.  The dirty biohazard suits will be cleaned and stored by the decontamination team.  Derrick and I went into the conference room to wait for them.  The CDC has set up a command post with phone lines and tons of computers.  Geoff sees us and comes over.
“Hey guys, how’s it going?  Where’s Monti?
“He and Dane are dropping off the suits and getting some clean ones for tomorrow,” Derrick replies.
Within a few minutes, Dane and Monti walk in.  They both shake Geoff’s hand and Geoff says, “Monti, I am so sorry about your cousin.  Is there anything I can do?”
“No Geoff, but thank you,” Monti answers.
“Hey Geoff,” Dane says, “here is the kit with the vial of Monti’s cousin’s blood.  I thought Nicola and Trevor might want to have a look since his blood was infected so quickly.  Every little piece may help with the big picture.”
“Thanks, Dane.  I’ll get this to them straight away.  So, how many dingoes do you have left to kill?” 
“Three.  We have three dingoes left, and I hope to get them all tomorrow before they kill someone else,” Dane replies with anger in his voice.
“Well, do you guys need anything else for tomorrow?” Geoff asks.
“No sir, we are good.  We will check in with you tomorrow,” Dane replies.


Chapter 13

Day 16  
I pull out the GPS at breakfast and am pleased to see the remaining three dingo dots are very close together.  This can either be good or bad.  If they are all together, it might be a very dangerous situation.  I check the GPS again, and it shows three dots within a kilometer of each other.
“Let’s go get them!” Dane says.  And just like that, we are out the door.
The dingoes are located south of here near Hayes Creek.   It is probably going to take us about an hour and a half to get there.  So Dane suggests that I drive for a while so he can teach Derrick how to operate the tranquilizer gun.  It’s pretty simple, but he wants to make sure Derrick knows how to load and shoot.
No problem for Derrick.  Sometimes, at the zoo, they need to use a tranquilizer gun, especially if an animal becomes aggressive.  But, just to be safe, Derrick watches and learns.   Dane wants to have a third man on the tranquilizer gun in case the three dingoes are together.
I glance at the GPS sitting on the console between the two front seats and notice that our turn-off is coming up pretty soon, so I ask Derrick to grab the GPS and keep me posted.  
“Turn right at the next intersection, Kobi.”
“Okay, turning right.”
We are driving on a dirt road now and come to a small clearing where we see a large tent set up.  The dingoes are together and within 100 meters, according to the GPS, which puts them really close to the tent.  We stop and start looking.
“I don’t see them,” Monti says.
“Neither do I,” Dane says.  We wait for a few minutes and see a man walk out of the tent.  Our first reaction is to yell at him and tell him to go back inside, but then we see three dingoes following him outside.  Could those be the three dingoes we are looking for?  Who is that man?  Derrick takes a picture of him and sends it to Geoff.   Within a few seconds, Geoff calls Derrick and informs him that the man in the photo is Stolz Johannsen, one of the doctors from the facility.  Derrick tells him what is going on.  
“What do you want us to do Geoff,” Derrick asks.  There is a long pause
and Derrick says, “Okay, I’ll call you when it’s done.”  
We need some time to formulate a plan. Geoff wants us to tranquilize Stoltz and keep him tied up until he and Marcus arrive.   It will be later on this evening before they can get here. Dane asks me to back up the car and go park away from Stolz so we can discuss strategy without being seen.  We are a little confused because it appears as though the dingoes and Stolz are together, which doesn’t make sense.  Maybe the dingoes sense the connection and that’s why they haven’t attacked Stolz.  That’s our best guess, but who knows.
Dane starts thinking out loud, “We will need to put more than one dart in Stolz because the darts I have are for something the size of a dingo, 20 kg or so.  Stolz is probably around 110-120 kilograms (250 pounds).  It will take four to five darts to bring down a man his size.  We have four guns.  Kobi, all you have to do is aim using the scope and pull this trigger.”  
“I know.  Remember, I shot the dingo.”
“Oh, sorry” Dane says and continues. “If we all shoot at the same time, he will fall, but what about the dingoes?   If we shoot the dingoes first, he may have a gun and start shooting at us.  So we have a problem.”
We were so preoccupied with our discussion that we didn’t realize there was a woman standing in front of our car with a gun pointed at us.
“Put your hands up and get out of the car,” she screams.
Stolz is there as well and is pointing a gun right at Derrick, so I open the door, put my hands up and get out of the car.  Derrick, Dane, and Monti do the same.  They tell us to get down on the ground and put our hands behind our back.  Then everything goes black.


Chapter 14

I slowly open my eyes only to see total darkness.  It is pitch black and I can’t see anything.  I feel a little woozy like I have been drugged. I open and close my eyes rapidly trying to clear my head.  I am tied to a tree, bound at my feet, midsection, and neck.  I try to scream, but I can’t.  Something is tied around my mouth, like a handkerchief or a scarf.  As I struggle to get free, I hear something coming from the darkness right in front of me.  THEY are coming, I hear the twigs breaking on the ground and I can just sense it…getting closer.
I can’t make out what is out there coming for us and then I hear the growling.  It’s the dingoes.  I whine and grunt trying to make any noise I can, and I hear someone next to me doing the same thing.  I can’t see who it is.   Then, I hear a whistle.  I hear something running away from us.  What the hell is going on?  Suddenly, there are headlights shining right in my face.  I glance around and see Derrick, Monti, and Dane tied up the same as me.  Then, I hear a voice.
“Well, well…what have we here?  What are you people doing out here and why do you have all of this gear?  Who are you?”
Obviously, we can’t answer him because our mouths are gagged, but I don’t think he really expected an answer.  He is a massive man with such authority, and very intimidating.  I hope he gives us a chance to explain ourselves.  
   “I am Dr. Stolz Johannsen, and this is my friend.”  A woman emerges into the beam of light and he introduces her as Marci.  This is the female doctor that Geoff is looking for.
“So which one of you wants to talk?  How about this pretty lady?”                     
He walks over to me and removes the handkerchief that was in my mouth.  “Who are you and what do you want with us?”  He asks.
“I am Kobi Reed and that’s my husband Derrick.  There are a lot of people looking for you both.”  I tell him what happened at the lab and that they were deliberately infected with a very aggressive parasite, but he doesn’t want to hear it.  He hits me across the face and calls me a liar.  I raise my head and tell him again that we want to help and that he is in danger.
“The doctors at the lab and the CDC are trying to find an antidote.  If you don’t get an antidote, you are probably going to die.  Why would I lie, I have nothing to gain from lying. I am telling the truth.  If you don’t believe me, get my husband’s phone and call the CDC team leader, Geoff.  He will tell you everything just as I have.  Trust me, we only want to help you both.”
For a split second, I have his attention.  But then Marci steps forward and
says, “Stolz, just kill them.  We don’t need this headache; we are fine.  Let the dogs have them.”
Stolz responds, “Marci, just relax and have a seat.  I want to hear what they have to say.”  He removes the scarfs from all of our mouths and sits down right in front of us.  “One by one I am going to ask you a question.  If I don’t like the answer, I will kill you.”
“What’s your name?” he says.
“Dane.”
“Dane, why are you here?”
“We are here to kill the three dingoes because they have been infected with a very aggressive parasite just like you have.  Remember the experiments you were doing on the dingoes at the lab?  It’s those dingoes I’m talking about. We are working with the CDC to track down and kill the infected dingoes.  The doctors back at the lab are working around the clock to find an antidote so this can be controlled.  We learned about all of this from Dr. Trevor Tomblim.  He is the one who found out about the parasite.  Trevor is at a lab in Darwin working hard to find a cure.”
“Trevor?  Is he infected?”
“No, he is fine.  You were infected at dinner the last night you were there.  You didn’t know it but Dr. Elliot was developing an infectious biological disease and everyone at the lab was a guinea pig for him including the dingoes.  Dr. Elliot put the parasite in everyone’s dinner.  Trevor didn’t eat with you that night because he was in his room preparing for the presentation,” he explains.
“Really?  So is it fatal?  Can it be cured?  How long do we have?”
“There are a bunch of folks trying to find the answers to those questions.
Right now they don’t know,” Derrick says.  “Why are you and Marci here with the dogs?” 
“We are hiding out here because all we can remember from that night is the two doctors lying dead on the floor.  They had been shot.  I remember being very angry that night and to be honest, I don’t know who killed them.  It might have been me.  It’s all a blur, so we have been hiding out here with the dogs trying to figure out what to do.  When the four of you showed up, we naturally thought you were the bad guys, here to kill us.   I’m so sorry I hit you, Kobi.”
“Well, let us take you back to the lab and put you in quarantine with Sevi and Evan.  Hopefully, the doctors can find a cure for this before it’s too late.” Derrick says.
Stolz gets up and unties all of us.  Derrick gets on the phone and calls Geoff.  Geoff is very pleased to hear that we have found Marci as well, and that she and Stolz are cooperating with us.  He still wants us to kill the dingoes though.  I don’t see why we need to.  They are not being aggressive towards us at all, so why should we kill them?  I guess the dingoes aren’t attacking us because they don’t feel threatened.  Maybe if we take them into the facility with Marci and Stolz and keep them fed, they can be saved.
I get on the phone and plead with Geoff to please let the dogs come.  Finally, after a few minutes, he agrees.  Of course the dingoes will be muzzled and restrained during transport and quarantine.  Having them in captivity may even prove to be useful if more blood samples are needed during the process of finding a cure.
“Geoff said it will take them about an hour and a half to get here with the truck and the cages.” I say.  
“So, after that night at the lab, what happened?” asks Monti.
Stolz recalls, “I remember we left late, around 10:00 p.m. and headed south to get away from the lab.  Marci and I are together, engaged to be married, so we decided to stay together.  Neither one of us can remember exactly what happened that night--just the two doctors dead and being very angry.  We got in my car and left in a hurry.  I don’t remember where we spent the night, but the next day we went to the store and bought some camping gear and camped out for five or six days.  Then we decided to fly out to New Zealand where Marci lives.  
We were at the airport buying tickets at separate counters when these security guards grabbed me and told me I had to come with them.  I asked them why, and they wouldn’t tell me.  Of course I thought it had something to do with the lab, but I wasn’t sure.  I was just terrified, so Marci and I ran.  We came back down here yesterday and found the dingoes.   I didn’t know they were the dingoes from the lab. They were just here and seemed friendly, so we fed them and they just stayed.”
Marci asks, “How do you know these are the dingoes from the lab?”
“Remember the chips that were inserted into them?” I ask.
“Yeah, I remember now. Trevor did that just in case they escaped.” Marci replies and nods her head up and down.
Derrick speaks up and asks, “Are either one of you feeling strange in any way?”
Marci says, “No not really.  I have been a little sore in the abdomen and thought it was due to poor diet.”
Stolz looked at Marci and seems surprised.  “You didn’t tell me you weren’t feeling well.”
“I didn’t want to scare you, but I have been having a lot of pain right here.”  Marci points to her right side and raises her shirt.  I am shocked to see that her side has a huge bruise on it.
“Marci, you are all bruised up.  What happened?”  Stolz asks.
“I don’t know.” Marci says.
Derrick, Dane, Monti, and I know what it is.  We saw the same thing on the dingo that we wrapped up and brought back to the lab for an autopsy.
“Marci, we saw this on one of the dingoes.  The doctors back at the lab in Darwin think it is from the parasite,” Dane explains to her.
When we get back to the lab, we’ll let Nicola check the rest of her body for bruising.  I glance at my watch and see that it is now 8:00 p.m. and Geoff should be pulling up any minute.  I mention to everyone that it might be a good idea to pick up the campsite and have everything ready to go when Geoff gets here so we can get on the road.  They all agree, so we start to clean up when we see headlights coming down the dark road.  There are at least three vehicles coming--two CDC trucks and an animal control van with cages in the back.  
“Sorry, it took us so long. These roads can be a little tricky when it is dark.  It is pitch black out there when the moon is obscured by cloud cover.  It was very hard finding the turn off to get here; there was no sign or anything,” Geoff explains.  “So, what is going on here?  Where is Stolz, and what happened to your eye, Kobi?”
“Well, a funny thing happened here Geoff.” Dane explains.  “We were so focused with our discussion of how we were going to bring down Sasquatch over there, that we didn’t see his friend Marci sneaking up on us.  So, when she yelled as us, we were very surprised to see her standing in front of the car pointing her shotgun at us.  I think you can figure out the rest.  We finally convinced them that we weren’t here to harm them and they untied us.”
“Untied you?  Explain.”
“Yeah, we were tied to those trees over there and gagged. Kobi got a nice shiner out of it though.”
Geoff looks in my direction and says, “Yeah, I can see that.”
All I can do is shrug my shoulders and smile.  Geoff just shakes his head.
Dane continues, “So, after explaining the situation to them, they are more than willing to return to the facility and get help.  Marci is already showing the initial symptoms; bruising around her abdomen and on her right side.”
We arrive at the lab in Darwin very late.  Marcus escorts Marci and Stolz into the quarantine area.  Of course, they are allowed to clean up and eat something.  Then Stolz insists on seeing Sevi and Evan, so Marcus takes them to the rear of the building where they are staying.  The three of them start talking about the last thing they remember, and it is amazing how similar the stories are.  They remember working that day and sitting down for dinner, but everything after that is just a blur.   Stolz remembers seeing the bodies outside of the vault area, but has no recollection of the events that occurred.  Sevi and Evan both remember being very angry as well.  
Meanwhile, another CDC employee takes the dingoes to a separate area, in the rear of the lab, to be quarantined.   Unfortunately, there are no outside facilities here to accommodate the dingoes, so they will need to be caged.  At least they are alive and being given a second chance.   It will also be interesting to observe how the parasite affects them.  
It is late, so we decide it would be best if we all meet at the lab first thing  
in the morning.  We say our good nights and head toward Dane’s house.  It is around midnight when we pull into his driveway.  The boys immediately grab a bottle of Scotch, four glasses, and walk out to the front porch.  Everyone pours a shot of Scotch, clanks glasses, and shoots it down the hatch.   After the day we’ve had, this tastes really good.  
“If you guys don’t mind, I am going to take a shower.  I’m feeling a little grimy tonight,” I say, standing up out of my chair.  I give Derrick a kiss on the cheek as I pass him.
My shower feels fantastic!  As I am drying off, I glance at myself in the mirror and notice I have a nice shiner on my left eye, compliments of Mr. Stolz.   I’m clean and in some fresh clothes headed back to the front porch ready for round two with the Scotch bottle.  
Derrick looks at me and says, “Nice eye.” 
“I know.  I feel so tough now, like a boxer or something.  But it really hurts when I touch it right here.”
“Then don’t touch it right there,’ Derrick says laughingly.  It reminds me of my father.  He used to say that all the time.  I would say, “It hurts when I do that,” and he would say, “Then don’t do that!”  It’s funny how certain situations trigger memories.
Monti excuses himself from the gathering to take his shower.  Dane, Derrick, and I are sitting quietly on the porch, listening to the squeaky windmill and the cadence of the insects.  It is a beautiful night with half-moon hanging low in the sky.  It’s hard to believe that anything bad could be happening when it is so peaceful out here.  I can’t help but wonder about the people at the lab who are infected with the parasite.    Not knowing whether you are going to live or die has got to be one of the worst feeling imaginable.  I hope they can find a cure for this thing.
Dane speaks up and says, “I’ve got a bad feeling that this crisis is not over yet.”
“Let’s just wait and see what the CDC, Trevor, and Nicola have come up with.  Maybe it’s good news,” Derrick says with an upbeat tone.
“I hope you’re right.”
Derrick and I say good night and retire to the bedroom for the night.  Derrick still has to take a bath, so while he is showering, I pull out a piece of paper and a pen and start making my own timeline, based on what Trevor said.   
It was ten days ago when the plane crashed into the facility and the dingoes escaped.  It was just a few days before that when Dr. Elliot’s notes said the dingo was infected with the parasite.   The family at Katherine’s Gorge was attacked and killed the day after the dingoes escaped.  Could it have been those dingoes?  Did the alpha male infect the rest of the dingoes too?  How many more dingoes are infected that we don’t know about.  We can’t track those.  A person could go crazy worrying about all of this.  
Also in Dr. Elliot’s notes, it mentioned that he was going to infect the rest of the staff there in the facility, especially Dr. Tomblin, because he was scheduled to meet with the government investors the next day.  There was an asterisk and the following statement in his notes, ‘The parasite will be unleashed into the government tomorrow’.  What a perfect way to unleash the parasite, from the top down.  Is there something else about the parasite that we don’t know?  Can it be transmitted with a sneeze or a hand shake?  How was Trevor going to spread it during his meeting? With whom was Dr. Elliot working?  Is he a terrorist or just a mad scientist?  Too many questions.
Derrick comes out of the bathroom, sees me on the bed and asks, “Hey, what are you doing, Honey?” 
“Just thinking and trying to figure out some things.”  I shared my thoughts with him, and he suggested I shut off my mind for the night and turn it on again fresh in the morning--at the lab.  Discussing things in a group can oftentimes improve the thought process and provide answers.  
As usual, he is right.  So I fold up my timeline and put it in the pocket of my jacket so I am sure to have it tomorrow at the lab.  I glance at the clock on the nightstand, and it says 1:30 a.m.  No way it’s that late already.  I reach over and turn off the light and wiggle myself down into the bed.  I feel Derrick’s arm touch my shoulder, so I turn over and put my head on his chest and close my eyes.


Chapter 15

Day 17
I’m very curious about the autopsy Trevor conducted on the dingo.  I wonder what he found out.  Good news, I hope.  I reach in the pocket of my jacket just to make sure my notes from last night are still there, and they are.  We pull up to the lab, park, and go inside only to see everyone a little excited, to say the least.  We go into the command post and find Trevor, Geoff, and Nicola sitting at the table talking.  
“Geoff, I’m telling you, it’s not over,” Trevor says in a panic.  
“Trevor, start at the beginning.  What did you find while you were doing the autopsy?” Geoff says calmly.
“OK.  Nicola and I started the autopsy by making an incision from just below the throat all the way down to the genitals. We pulled the skin and muscles apart, and there wasn’t much left on the inside of the dingo.  Most of the intestines and organs were a dark molasses color and almost completely gone like they had been liquefied.  The smell was disgusting.   We removed most of its insides and were able to get a few samples of the liver, stomach, and lungs.  We placed the samples in three large petri dishes for later.  A cross-section of bone was taken from the rib, breastbone, femur, and shoulder region.  When we opened up the skull to get a cross-section of the brain, we found the molasses again, so we couldn’t get a clean sample from the brain.  A piece of skin and hair were also obtained and placed on microscope slides.”  
Nicola then spoke up and said, “Here is the problem.  There is no way the dingo was alive with all of this going on inside of him.  Trevor and I think the parasite continued consuming the organs after the dingo was dead.  The dingo was dead, but the parasite wasn’t.  We even conducted a test on the three petri dishes we had collected earlier.  We watched the parasite destroy the remaining samples within 12 hours.  Again, we introduced uninfected blood into the petri dish, and the parasite attacked it.”
“Where is the dingo corpse now Trevor?” Geoff inquires.
“Marcus and I wrapped it up and brought it down to the incinerator for disposal.”
“Good.  What else do you have Trevor?” 
“There is some good news.  We checked one of the petri dishes this morning, and the parasite is not very active.  Maybe without a food source, it will eventually starve to death.  That’s what we are hoping.  We’ll keep an eye on it.”
“Geoff, I was thinking last night about this parasite.  In Dr. Elliot’s notes, he talked about unleashing the parasite on the government using Trevor as the host.  How was the parasite supposed to get out of Trevor’s body into theirs?   I understand that a kiss, or another form of fluid exchange could transfer the parasite, but I don’t think Trevor was planning to swap spit with anyone there at the meeting, so I am wondering if there is something about this parasite that we haven’t discovered yet.”
“Oh, I think I can explain how Dr. Elliot was going to unleash the parasite.” Trevor explains.  “I was sick with a bad head cold that week, with lots of sneezing and blowing.  I’m sure Dr. Elliot knew I was sick and realized that the parasite would be on my hand and in my handkerchief.  Most people don’t wash their hands after a sneeze, so the parasite would have been all over my hands.  Quite an ingenious way to unleash the beast.” 
It’s a good theory, but a bit risky on Dr. Elliot’s part.   Trevor must have been really sick.  I glance at Derrick and Dane and notice that Dane’s eyebrows are close together--he has something on his mind.  
Dane interjects, “I’m thinking about the dead dingo and the parasite continuing to eat away at its insides.  What about the people that were attacked and killed at Katherine’s Gorge?  If they were attacked by the infected dingoes, then chances are they were infected as well.  If what you are saying is true, then their bodies may still be infected.”
A look of terror spread through the room.  Eyes were wide open with raised eyebrows.  
“But, they were embalmed.  Wouldn’t that kill the parasite?” I ask
Everyone looks at each other.  Nicola says, “I don’t know,”
Geoff looks at Dane, “Dane, see if you can find out anything about the family that was murdered.  Where were they from, where were the bodies sent, and where are they buried?  Here, you will need this ID badge in order to get that kind of information from of the authorities”
“You got it,” Dane says as he jumps up, taps Derrick and me on the shoulder, “Let’s go.  Monti, are you coming?”
“No man, I think I will stay here and help if I can.”  
“Where are we going, Dane?” I ask as we are running to the car.
“We are going to find Officer Dillon and get some details on the family.”
Before I know it we are on our way to Katherine’s Gorge.  That place doesn’t hold a fond memory slot in my head.  While we are driving Dane looks at Derrick and me and says, “I’m sorry.  I just assumed that you would want to come with me since you have been involved with this since the beginning.  It didn’t dawn on me that you might want to do something else on your honeymoon.”
“Are you kidding Dane?” Derrick says, “There is no place we would rather be. Fun is over-rated anyway.”  Dane and I both bust out laughing.  So that is settled.  We arrive at the Ranger’s station right about noon.  We get out of the car and walk in only to see Officer Dillon manning the desk today.  
“Good morning, may I…hey, I know you guys.  You were just here about a week and a half ago, right?
“That’s right,” Dane says.  “Is there somewhere we can talk privately?  It’s about the family that was attacked and killed.”
“Sure, come with me.”
We follow Officer Dillon to a back room in the building and shut the door.
“What’s going on?” he asks.
Dane briefly explains the situation to Officer Dillon.  Officer Dillon asks us to wait right here while he gets his logs from that week.  All campers have to register and pay camping fees.  He returns within a few minutes with his ledger.  
“Here it is.  The family was here on vacation from Perth.  Their names were Thom and Becky Smithton.  It says here that they also had their three year old son with them.  We sent the bodies to the hospital in Katherine.
“Where are they now?” Dane asks.
“I don’t know.  You will have to ask the morgue attendant for that information.  Her office is located around the rear of the hospital in the basement.   I’ll call ahead and tell her you’re coming.”
“Thank you so much.  You have been extremely helpful and we appreciate that very much,” Dane says as he shakes his hand.
All the way to the hospital I keep thinking about the three year old boy.  Such a tragedy.  The family had no idea that their vacation would end that way.   Dane drives around the back of the hospital and finds the morgue.  There is a ramp leading up to the entrance to the morgue.  We walk through the sliding glass doors and proceed down a long hall until we see a sign for the Administration Office.  Amazing how gloomy this place really is, just like in the movies.  If a body sits up while I am in there, I will have a cow.  I know I work in a Medical Examiner’s office, but these places are always a little spooky.
Just inside the office, we see a young lady in her mid-thirties sitting at a table filling out medical papers of some sort.   “Good morning,” we say.
“Good morning.  May I help you?”
“Yes.  I’m Dane Walker, and these are my friends, Derrick and Kobi Reed.   We are working with the CDC in Darwin and would like to ask you a few
questions?”
“Okay,” she says with a puzzled look on her face.  
“About 10 days ago, a family was brought here from Katherine’s Gorge.  They had been attacked and killed by a pack of dingoes.  Were you working when they were brought in?” Dane inquires.
“Oh, Officer Dillon just called about you.  I’m sorry I didn’t make the connection.  Yes, I was here that day.  I remember, the bodies were in terrible shape and the little boy…well, I cried and that doesn’t happen very often.   We put them in the freezer until the wife’s mother came to claim the bodies.  She did not want an autopsy done because it was obvious what had happened.  Also she didn’t want their bodies mutilated any further, which I totally understand.  Hold on; let me get the paperwork on them,” she says and goes to the file cabinet to retrieve some papers. 
She returns to the table and begins reading, “Three bodies were released today to Mrs. Ida Jones and loaded onto a private charter at 1:00 p.m.  I believe she flew the family back to Perth.  Here is her contact information if you would like to give her a call.”
“Thank you very much,” Dane says and shakes her hand.  
Once we are back in the car, Dane pulls out his cell phone to call Mrs. Jones.  “It’s ringing…Hello.  Mrs. Jones?  I am calling you about your daughter and her family.  I am from the CDC.  May I put you on speakerphone?”  
“Who is this again?” 
“My name is Dane Walker and I am from the CDC in Darwin.  May I put
you on speakerphone?”
“Yes, of course you can,” she says.
“First, I would like to say I am so sorry for your loss.  I am working with the CDC in Darwin and am calling about your daughter and her family.  Please don’t be alarmed, but there is a possibility that your daughter and her family were attacked by a pack of infected dingoes.”
“What do you mean infected dingoes?  Infected with what?”
“We aren’t completely sure yet, but it appears to be a parasite of some sort that could potentially be very dangerous.  We would like to speak with the mortician that embalmed your daughter and her family.  I know this is soon and very difficult to talk about, but the infection could be highly contagious,” Dane explains.  
We didn’t want to go into all of the details, because we don’t want a panic to start across the nation.  The authorities know about it and have been instructed on what to look for, but the general public has not been given all of the details, yet.  
“The name of the funeral home is Dacketts.  Mr. Dackett took care of my daughter and her family.  Do you want me to get you the phone number?  I think I still have it in my purse.”
“No ma’am, we can find it, but thanks so much.” Dane replies.
‘You are welcome.  I hope everything is going to be all right?”
“We hope so too, Mrs. Jones.  Thank you, we appreciate your help.  And Mrs. Jones, please keep this conversation confidential because we don’t want to create a panic.  I would appreciate that very much.  I promise, we’ll keep you posted on what we find out,” Dane says.  
Dane  hangs up the phone and calls directory assistance  to get the number 
for Dacketts Funeral Home.  “I think we should go back to the lab and let Trevor
talk to Mr. Dackett.   He knows exactly what questions to ask.”
We arrive back at the lab around 3:00 p.m.  We go directly to the command post and find Trevor there talking to Geoff.  
“Hey Geoff, here is the number for the Funeral Director.  He is located in Perth.  The woman at the morgue said the family did not want to do an autopsy since their bodies were already mangled from the attack.   It will be interesting to see what he has to say,” Dane says as he hands Geoff the piece of paper.
“Let’s give him a call, Trevor,” Geoff says as he is dialing the number.  He has put the call on speakerphone, so we can all hear.  I run to the back office to get Nicola.  She should probably hear this conversation as well.
“Dackett’s Funeral Home, this is Mr. Dackett speaking.”
“Good Morning, Mr. Dackett.  My name is Geoff Collins.  I am the CDC Director in Darwin and I would like to discuss a case with you, if you have time.  I also have Dr. Trevor Tomblim on speakerphone, and he has a few questions for you as well.”
“Yes, Mr. Collins, now is a good time.  How can I help?”
“About ten days ago, Mrs. Ida Jones flew her daughter, son-in-law, and grandson back to Perth from Katherine’s Gorge.  They had been attacked and killed by dingoes.  Do you remember that case sir?  Did anything unusual happen during your embalming process?”
“Yes sir, I remember this case vividly.  It was a horrible tragedy the way that family died.”
“Do you remember anything odd or different about the bodies, specifically
with the blood?”
“Yes, I do.  I started the embalming procedure by making a small incision 
above the clavicle bone, like I always do, in order to insert the tube that flushes the blood out of the system through the right carotid artery and the right jugular vein.   When I made the incision on the husband, a reddish black fluid oozed from the incision, but I didn’t think much of it.  I continued with the process until the fluid ran clean.  I performed the same procedure on all three bodies.  The only body that had the ooze was the man.”
“Did you notice if there were any clots in the blood?”
“Come to think of it, yes.  His blood had what appeared to be little black beads in it.”
“Didn’t you think that was odd at the time?”
“I didn’t really give it much thought. I embalm so many bodies, it unfortunately becomes routine.” 
“Where does the blood go?” I ask.
“The blood is flushed in my septic tank.  Why?  Is everything okay?”
“We won’t know for sure until we check the body you embalmed.  There may have been an infectious parasite in his blood.  We also need to check your septic tank, so don’t have it emptied.”
“But Geoff, even if there was a parasite in his blood, wouldn’t the chemicals from the embalming fluid kill any infectious organisms?” I ask.
“We can’t say for sure because we have never seen a parasite like this and do not know how it responds or reacts.  Mr. Dackett, at which cemetery in Perth are the bodies buried, do you know?” 
“They aren’t in a cemetery.  Mrs. Jones lives almost 200 kilometers north of Perth.   She and her husband ran a sheep station for many years together, and then he died a few years ago.  She still operates the station and wanted to have the
remains buried there.  Her daughters’ husband did not have any family, so she decided to bury him with her daughter and grandson.” 
“Did you personally drive the remains to the location where they were put to rest?” Trevor inquires.
“Yes, I did.”
“Thank you, Mr. Dackett.  Please do not allow the septic service company to empty your tank, under any circumstances.  I am going to send one of my employees to test the contents of the tank in the next few days” Geoff explains.
Geoff looks at Trevor and Nicola and says, “Do you think we have a problem?”
“I don’t know, Geoff.  The only way we can be sure is to go to Perth and test the septic tank behind Dackett’s Funeral Home for the parasite,” Trevor says.
Geoff leans back in his chair and interlocks his fingers behind his head.  “We could have a serious outbreak on our hands.  I need to contact the CDC in Perth and brief them on the situation.  Kobi, how would you like to become part of this team?  With your experience as a medical lab technician, you will be a valuable asset to us all.  I will contact your boss in St. Louis and ask him if you can stay and help out with this crisis.  I’ll tell him it’s a national emergency,” Geoff explains.
“Really?  That sounds good to me.  I would love to stay and be part of your team.  Derrick, it that okay with you?”
“That’s fine Kobi, if that’s what you want to do.  I wish I could stay with you, but I have to get back to my job.  Do you feel okay staying by yourself?”
“Yeah, I’m okay with it, but I wish you could stay.”
“I know.  I was lucky to get the four weeks off in the first place.   I doubt
my boss will grant me anymore time.  You stay, Honey.  Believe me, if I could stay, I would.”
I look at Geoff and say, “I’ll stay if it’s okay with my boss.  I don’t know my way around the area though.  Someone will have to drive me.”
Geoff looks at Dane and says, “Dane, how would you like to be put on the payroll?  You will be her guide just like you are now.  Get her wherever she needs to be.”
Dane looks at Derrick and says, “Is that alright with you, Mate?”
“No problem.  I trusted you before with both our lives, so why not now.”
“Great!  That’s settled.  Welcome to the team you two,” Geoff says as he smiles at Dane and me.


Chapter 16

Nicola and Trevor want to get some embalming fluid and introduce it to the parasite and see what happens.  Embalming fluid is supposed to kill some infectious organisms, but will it kill this one?   Derrick, Dane, and I decide to go into Darwin to a funeral home to obtain some embalming fluid since you can’t buy it without a license.  All we really need to tell the Funeral Director is that we are with the CDC and need it for decontamination purposes.   The Funeral Director doesn’t ask any questions and gives us a gallon of fluid.  
“Do you think we have enough?” I ask as we exit the Funeral Home.
“Well, if it’s not, we can always get more,” Dane says.  
“So what is the plan for the fluid, Kobi?” Derrick asks.
“Nicola wants to mix the fluid with samples of infected blood to see if the parasite can be killed.  If it does kill the parasite, she and Trevor will try and make an antidote out of it.  That’s easier said than done.  Obviously, embalming fluid can’t be injected into humans, but maybe it can be done in small doses like arsenic.  They used arsenic to kill syphilis, remember?”
“Oh yeah, that’s right.  But how will they know how much to use?” Derrick replies.
“That’s why they are doing the tests and not me.  I have no idea how to tackle this task.  Let’s get going.  I want to get this back to Nicola and Trevor.”
I walk in the lab, give the fluid to Nicola, and ask her if anyone has checked on our patients in quarantine today.  She told me she hadn’t been back there yet, so I decide to go visit them and see how they are doing.  I’ll stop and see Marci first.
“Hi, Marci.”
“Oh, hi Kobi, how are you?”
“I’m fine.  How are you feeling today?”
“I’ve had better days; that’s for sure.  I’m having a lot of pain in my lower back and in my upper thighs. It is getting harder and harder to walk.”
“Do you mind if I take a look?”
“No. Not at all.”
I lift her gown, and am shocked to see her entire stomach bruised like she has an internal bleed.  I roll her over slightly so I can have a look at her back.  It is massively bruised as well.  When I roll her back over, I notice the whites of her eyes are discolored.    I think the reason she is deteriorating so much faster than the rest of the people infected is because of her small stature.  She is only about five feet two inches and weighs about 110 pounds compared to the guys who are twice her size.  They are all showing signs of the parasite too, but not like Marci.  They are giving her morphine around the clock for the pain, but I don’t think it is working anymore.
“Marci, how would you rate your pain on a scale of 1-10?
“It comes and goes, but on average, it’s about a 7 or 8.”
“Is the morphine controlling the pain well enough?”
“It is for now, but believe me, there are some times when I wish they would give me the whole bottle.  Are they any closer to having the antidote?”
“They have had a few brilliant ideas, but no success yet.”  I grab her hand and give it a light squeeze and say, “Please let us know if you need anything or something stronger for the pain, okay?”
“I will, Kobi.  Thanks for stopping by.”
“Sure thing.  I’ll see you later.”
“See ya,” she says cheerfully.  
I see Marcus in the hall and he informs me that the dingoes died this morning around 10:00 a.m.  The bodies were wrapped and taken down to the incinerator for disposal.  I am not surprised that they died first, since they only weigh about 50 pounds.  
Sevi, Evan, and Stolz are showing the early stages of the parasite infection.  They have minor discoloration on their chest and abdomen.  Cole has no symptoms at all other than the parasite showing up in his blood.   Trevor asked me to take a blood sample from each of the guys, because we need to check the progression of the parasite.  I’ll start with Stolz.
“Hey Stolz, how’s it going?”
“It’s going.  What’s up with you little lady?”
“Not much.  Just here to collect a little blood from you.  Trevor wants to check everybody’s blood today.”
“Okay.  Here use this arm.”  He holds out his right arm for me to use and says, “Why don’t you let me collect blood samples from the other guys.  There is no reason for you to be subjected to this little parasite unless you have to.  Where should I bring them after I’m done?”
“There is a cabinet right outside of the vault where Nicola and Trevor are working. You can put the vials in there, and we will check them later this evening Thanks for doing this.” 
“No problem.  So, how’s everything else going?”
“It’s going well.  Geoff has asked me to stay on and become part of his team during this crisis, and I have agreed.  Derrick will have to go back to the states in a few weeks, but he’ll be able to help out until then.  Nicola and Trevor are working around the clock trying to find an antidote.  Still, no luck.  They are working with some embalming fluid right now to see if it will kill the parasite.”  
“I guess we are your guinea pigs, huh?”
“I guess, but not yet.”  What a terrible thing to call a brilliant doctor/scientist like Stolz.  But in fact, he is probably correct.  The folks infected here at the lab will be the first people we try the antidote on, when we find one.  
I am on my way back to the command post when I hear someone call my name.  I turn around and see Cole at his quarantine room window motioning for me to come over and visit.  I have already removed all of my protective gear so I will have to stay outside of his room.
“Hi Cole.  How are you feeling?
“I am doing fine.   I heard that Geoff has asked you to stay and work with
the CDC until this crisis is over.   I think that’s great.”
“Yeah, I’m excited about it.   Excited seems like the wrong word to use, but you know what I mean.  I love a challenge and I want to help. Seriously Cole, how are you feeling?”
“I’m a little scared, Kobi.  I knew a long time ago when I took this job that there was always a risk of catching some infectious disease, but you don’t think it will happen to you.  It always happens to someone else.  Well, not this time.  Here I am infected and there is no cure.  I have a wife and a beautiful little girl at home.  She is three years old, and I really want her to grow up with her father.  I’m not ready to give it all up.”
“Cole, I’m so sorry.  I know there is nothing I can say to make you feel any better, but you know that Trevor, Nicola, and the rest of the CDC staff are working around the clock, using everything from toilet water to embalming fluid, trying to find a cure for this thing.  I really think they will find one and you will be fine.  You have to stay positive and keep that brain busy.  You may have a brilliant idea for the doctors to try, so don’t give up.  I know it’s easy for me to say because I am out here and you are in there, but you can’t give up.”
“Thanks Kobi for cheering me up.  See, you are a tremendous help already.  How is the lady, Marci, doing?”
“She is not doing well.  The parasite is working its way through her tiny little body quickly.  Do you have any discoloration on your belly yet?”
“I noticed one spot right here this morning,” he says and lifts his shirt to show me.
“Turn around Cole, let me check your back.”  He turns around and I don’t
see anything on his back.  “You are clear back there, buddy.  
“That’s good.  I wonder if being infected directly with the parasite versus being infected with bodily fluids, like I was from the dingo, makes a difference?”
“I don’t know Cole, but that is something we haven’t mentioned yet.  I am going to talk to the team about that right now.  You hang in there and I’ll keep you posted.”
Cole puts his hand up to the glass, and I put my hand up to the glass, smile, and head toward the hazardous area.  What an awesome thought.  The parasite might not be as aggressive as it was right out of the fluid that Dr. Elliot had them floating in.  We need to check Cole’s blood first to see if the parasite is as active in his blood as it is in the rest of the infected people.  
I put on my protective gear, buzz Nicola, and go inside the vault.  “Do you have Cole’s blood here?”
“Yeah, it’s right here. Why?” Nicola asks.
I told her about the conversation that Cole and I just had.  She directs me to the microscope station and tells me to have a look.  I take a small sample of Cole’s blood and place it on a slide.  I look at it under the microscope and see something moving.  I confirm with Nicola that it is the parasite.
“That’s it,” Nicola says.
“Okay, now let me look at a sample of Stolz’s blood.” I suggest.  “Is it my imagination, or is the parasite in Cole’s blood moving a little slower?”
Nicola comes over, bends down, and takes a look.  “I think you are right, Kobi.  I think initially when the staff at the facility was infected by Dr. Elliot, the parasite was extremely aggressive, probably because of the chemical it was soaking in.  The parasites in Cole’s blood are the transmitted parasites and appear
to be less aggressive.  This is interesting.”
“I’m going to go back to the command post.  Do you want me to mention this to Geoff?”
“Yeah, I think he might want to know.  Ask him to come back here if he doesn’t mind.  I’ll show him what we saw.”
“Okay.  See you later.”
I walk into the command post and see Derrick sitting at the table reading a magazine.  I walk over and put my arms around his neck and say, “Hi Baby.”
“Hey there, Sweetheart.  You look tired.”
“Yeah, I am a little bit.  Hey Geoff, Nicola wants to see you in the lab.”
Geoff exits the command post and I turn my attention back to Derrick.
“What time is it?” I ask.
“It’s almost 6:00 o’clock.   Dane is going to take Monti back home today.  There isn’t anything more he can do here, so he is ready to go back.  We’re going to miss him around here.”
“I know.  Where are they now?”
“They went to pick up dinner for everyone.  They should be back in a few minutes.”
“Sound good.  Geoff suggested we move into a hotel here in Darwin, compliments of the CDC.  It is a lot more convenient than driving 45 minutes one way back and forth to Dane’s house.  Dane has been offered a room as well.”
“I think that is a great idea.  I can hang out in the room instead of here in the command post if I want to.”
“I’m sorry.  I feel bad now.  This is our honeymoon and I am ignoring you.”
“Don’t be silly.  This is exactly where you need to be right now.   What a
great opportunity for you.  Don’t feel bad at all.”
Just at that moment, Dane and Monti walk in with dinner.  “Excellent!  “I am so hungry, I could eat a horse,” Dane says as he flips the box open and grabs a huge sandwich. 
“When are you guys heading out, Dane?” I ask.
“Well, the plan is to go back to my house tonight.   Derrick and I need to pack up everything so we can get settled into the hotel tomorrow.  We will leave my house in the morning, drop Monti off, and go back to my house and load up the car.  After all, you do have a mountain of suitcases, don’t you?”
“Yeah, we sure do.  I guess the smart thing for me to do then, is check into the hotel tonight.”  I suggest.
“That would probably be the best thing.  You can get here bright and early in the morning, and I will be in around noon,” Derrick says. 
“Well, okay,” I say getting up after dinner, “you be careful and I’ll see you tomorrow.  I love you.”
“I love you, too!”  
I am just starting down the hall when Geoff calls me into his office.    “Listen, Kobi, I really need you to fly to Perth and meet up with the CDC Director there.  I want to exhume the body of Thom Smithton and test the septic tank for the parasite.  Do you feel confident in your ability to correctly identify the parasite?”
“Yes, I do.   When do you want me to leave?”
“Tomorrow afternoon, if you can swing it.  The CDC has a plane at Darwin International you can use.  Take Dane and Derrick with you.”
“Really?  That would be great.  Thanks.  What kind of airplane is it, if you
don’t mind my asking?”
“I’m not sure, it’s a big business jet, that’s all I know.  That’s a strange question for you to ask.”
“I am interested because I am a pilot.”
“You’re kidding?  Tell me how this came to be.” 
“I started flying when I was 16 years old, soloed on my 17th birthday and received my Private’s Pilot License a few months later.  I got my Instrument Rating and Commercial Certificate within the next year, and my Flight Instructor’s Certificate when I was 18 years old, and taught flying full-time until I went to college. There is a little airport south of St Louis where I teach flying on the weekends, when I am not at the Medical Examiner’s Office.”
“Wow, you are an amazing woman, Kobi.”
“I don’t feel amazing, but thanks for the compliment.  I need to call Derrick and Dane and let them know what the deal is for tomorrow so they can get an earlier start.  May I use your phone please?”
I pick up the receiver and call Derrick’s cell.   They agree to get an earlier start and will be here by 10:00 a.m.  My work is done here for the night, so I decide to walk with Trevor to the hotel and check in.  We agree to meet at 7:30 a.m. for breakfast and then walk to the lab together.  


Chapter 17

Day 18
I wake up all alone in my hotel room, and start to think about the conversation I had with Cole yesterday.  I really feel sorry for him and need to cheer him up somehow.  I am in the shower washing my hair when I get the idea to buy Cole a rat.  I have a rat at home and know what great company they are, so I think Cole would really enjoy having one.
After my shower, I get dressed and grab a phone book out of the nightstand drawer.  I start looking under pet stores and make a few calls.  No rats.  Then the thought hits me—a reptile store usually has rats for sale because what do snakes eat?   Rats.   Before I go to the reptile store, I am going to have breakfast.
The closest reptile store is 15 city blocks away, so I decide to hail a cab instead of walking that far.  I go into the store and ask for a medium rat pup.  Being a rat owner myself, I know it is best to buy them at a young age, because they are easier to train.  If trained properly, they will become the most loving pet you can imagine.  People don’t give rats a fair chance.  
The store owner asks me what kind of snake I have, and I tell him, “It’s not going to be used as food, it will be a pet.”  He looks at me like I’m crazy.  I shrug my shoulders as if to say, oh well.  He lets me go into the back room, so I can pick out the rat I want.  I already know what I want though.  I want a nice silvery gray rat, with a satin finish.  I look through the drawer of rat pups and huddled in the corner, with his head under his body sleeping, is the perfect rat.
“That one--right there, that’s the one I want.”
He pulls the rat out of the drawer and hands him to me.  The little fella looks at me with those black, beady, little eyes and I know he’s the one.   I decide to buy a small cage, some rat food, and a small hut to put on the inside of the cage, so he can crawl up inside when he sleeps.  I thank the store owner and go back outside to the cab, which is waiting.  
“Please take me to the Lab Facility at the Darwin Hospital.”
“Good Morning, Geoff,” I say, as I enter the command post. “Dane and Derrick will be here at 10:00 a.m.  We will need to put some things in the hotel room, but should be airborne by 11:00 a.m.  It will take us about three and a half hours to get to Perth.  What’s going on?”
He explains that Nicola was here until midnight experimenting with the embalming fluid.  Initial observations show that the strength of the embalming fluid used at the funeral homes is not sufficient to kill the parasite.  She has contacted the pharmaceutical company that manufacturers the chemical, and they are sending a much stronger version today.  The plane left at 5:00 a.m. and is scheduled to land at 9:00 a.m.   Marcus will meet the plane at the airport and transport the chemical back here to the lab.  
That is not good news because that means that the septic tank in Perth is probably contaminated, and the body we are going to exhume is probably still filled with the parasite.  Luckily, we don’t need to bring any biohazard suits with us because the CDC in Perth will have all of the equipment and protective clothing we need. 
“It sounds like we are going to busy in Perth.”
I excuse myself and walk outside of the command post to get the rat, and the cage with all its accessories.  “I’ll be right back, Geoff.  I picked up a present for Cole this morning on my way in.”
“What is it, Kobi?”  
“Come with me and you’ll find out.”
I get to Cole’s room and knock on the glass.  He comes to the window and says, “Good morning Kobi, Geoff.”
“Hey Cole, how are you doing today?”
“I’m feeling good, thanks.  What’s in the box?”
“I got you a present today on my way in.  I am going to slip it through the bottom panel access on the door.  Ready?”
“Got it.  Can I open it?” 
“Sure.”
“Uhhh, it’s a rat!”
“I know, isn’t he adorable?”
“Yeah, he is, but it’s a rat.  Why a rat?”
“Well, I have to tell you a story.  You know Derrick loves snakes, right?  We have a Ball Python at home, and every Sunday, Derrick gives the snake a medium rat pup for dinner.   On this particular Sunday, the snake wasn’t interested in eating at all.  So, we took the rat out of the container we were feeding the snake in and tried again the next day.  We tried three more times to feed the rat to the snake and the snake wasn’t interested.  The rat actually climbed up the body of the snake to get out of the container.  I thought that was pretty cool.”
“This isn’t that rat, is it?”
“No, so anyway, I was going to release the rat into the wooded area behind our house, but it was too cold, so I thought I would wait until Spring to release him.  Well, I fell in love with the rat.   I couldn’t let him go because he is, without a doubt, the best pet I have ever had.  If I am home, he is out of his cage, perched on my shoulder or sitting with me in my chair.   He eats dinner with me and even has his own plate.  Rats get a bad rap because of the plague that killed 25 million people, but it wasn’t the rats that carried the plague, it was the fleas on the rats.  They are very clean animals with no odor at all.  My rat’s name is Buddee.”
“Gee Kobi, thanks.  No one has ever thought enough of me to buy me a rat,” he says with a half grin on his face.  “No seriously, thanks.  He will be good company.  So, does Derrick still have the snake at the house?”
“Yeah, he does, but I don’t feed it or even watch the snake eat anymore.  I can’t because I see the rat being suffocated and can’t help but think of Buddee.  I would have missed out on one of the most wonderful little animals in the world.  Here is a picture of Buddee right here.  Isn’t he cute?”
“He is adorable.  He looks just like this guy,” Cole comments.
“I know, that’s why I got him.  Look at his face.  If you look at him from this angle, nose to nose, you can see a faint, white, ring around his nose.  I love that.  And look at his little hands, they are so human-like, except they don’t have thumbs--see the little knuckles and the fingernails.  I think the back feet look like the feet of a T-Rex.  Don’t you?  Look at his ears, they’re paper thin.  You can see right through them.”
“Kobi, you are so funny.  I have never met anyone quite like you!” Geoff says as he pats me on the shoulder.  “Cole, I’ll see you later.  Enjoy Rattee.”
“Thanks.  Hey Kobi, I think I will name it Buddy, if that’s okay with you,” Cole says smiling.
I just smile and nod my head yes.  I walk away with my hand in the air waving goodbye.  
“That was very thoughtful of you to buy Cole a rat.  It will be good company for him,” Geoff comments.
Marcus is coming down the hall with the chemicals Nicola requested from the company.  That means the plane has landed and we can head to the airport as soon as Derrick and Dane get here.  
Trevor and Nicola have given me a copy of all the information they have on the parasite to give to the CDC Director in Perth.  If there is an outbreak there, this information will be useful.  My phone is ringing, and I know it is probably Derrick.  
“Hello?”
“Hi, Honey.  We are at the hotel putting everything in the room.  Are you
ready to go?”
“Yes I am.  Give me about 15 minutes, and I will meet you in the lobby of the hotel.”
“Okay, see you in a little while.”
I swing by the command post to say goodbye to Geoff, then I am out the door.  I walk into the lobby and Derrick is waiting for me.
“Where’s Dane?
“He will be right down.  I packed your bag for you.  I hope I didn’t forget anything.”
“Thanks, Babe.”
Dane comes jogging into the lobby and is ready to go.  We have the hotel shuttle us to the airport and drive us right out to the plane.  It is a huge corporate jet sitting all alone out there on the tarmac.   The pilot is downstairs doing his walk around.  We go to the pilot and introduce ourselves.
“Hi, I’m  Kobi Reed, and this is my husband, Derrick.  This is our guide and friend, Dane.”
“Good morning, I’m Henderson Smith, pleased to meet you.”
“Henderson, do you mind if I fly right seat with you today?  I am a pilot and would love to see how she flies.”
“No problem at all, Kobi.  I’d love the company.  I’ll even let you get a little autopilot off action if you want to.”
“Now you’re talking.  Hey Derrick, I’m his co-pilot today.  You can see me in action.”
Henderson is not from Australia; he is an American.  I wonder how he ended up down here?   This big plane is a lot different from the Cessna 172 I currently use for instruction back home.   I am sitting here in awe of the sophisticated equipment and having trouble finding the instruments I know, like an artificial horizon.  This cockpit is one of those fancy glass cockpits that little Cessnas don’t have.   Henderson explains everything to me as we taxi out.  He shows me the airspeed indicator, the artificial horizon, the gear handle, the flaps, and the engine instruments.  Wow, this plane is amazing.  


Chapter 18

The tower has cleared us for takeoff, so Henderson rolls out onto the runway and lines her up on the centerline.  The throttles are going up, engine temperatures and settings--checked, and we are rolling down the runway, accelerating very quickly.   He slowly pulls back on the yoke, the nose lifts off, and we are airborne.  He looks at me and motions for me to put the gear up.  I grab the handle and lift it up.  Gear up and locked.  Then he tells me to lift the flap handle and place the lever at zero degrees.  Done.  
“Henderson, this is a sweet ride.  It must be awesome to fly in an airplane like this all the time,” I say to him with eyes as big as a kid’s, I’m sure. “Where did you learn to fly?”
“Well, I actually started as a Lieutenant in the Army National Guard and later switched to the Air Force Reserves.  I wasn’t a pilot then, but a navigator.  I spent over 20 years in the Armed Forces, and eventually retired.  I decided I wanted to become a pilot, so I went to an accelerated flight school in Florida and obtained all of my ratings in a year.  I flew as an Instructor, and did a little bit of charter work until I got enough hours to fly for a corporation.  I flew for an oil company as copilot on a Falcon 20.  I finally acquired enough hours to pilot this airplane.”
“How did you end up in Australia?”
“My daughter’s mother, whom I never married, is a professor at the University of Darwin and I wanted to be near my daughter.  I applied for the CDC pilot position, and they hired me.”
“That’s a great story.”
Henderson asks for my story in return, so I give him the skinny version of my life up to now.  
“So, how did you and Derrick meet?”
“We actually met in the cafeteria at college.  I am from O’Fallon, Illinois, about 20 miles east of St. Louis, MO.   I graduated from O’Fallon High School, class of 2005 and started college that fall.  I am working on my medical degree, and my end goal is to be a Medical Examiner.  I am a part-time Medical Lab Technician in the Medical Examiner’s Office right now, until I finish my degree, which should be some time next year.  My dad worked at the Air Force Base as a Civil Servant for Department of Defense, and my mom was a seventh grade math teacher.  
Derrick is from Los Angeles.   He moved to St.  Louis when he was nine   
years old, because his dad was on the coaching staff for the Los Angeles Rams, a professional football team.  The team moved to St. Louis in 1995, so his dad moved the family out there as well.  We dated for four years before finally deciding to get married.  Derrick is a Zoologist at the St. Louis Zoo.”
“How interesting, a Medical Examiner.  That’s not a very common job, is it?” 
“No, not really.  I have always loved a good mystery and used to watch the ‘whodunit’ shows on television.  It’s like being a detective, but without all the danger that goes with that title.   Dead people still have a story to tell.”
“Hopefully, they are dead.  Have you ever had a body sit up on you or move?”
“Luckily, no.  That is my biggest fear.”
“Oh, look outside, Kobi, that is the Australian Outback down there.  There is absolutely nothing out there, not even a road.  Talk about desolate.”
I turn around and yell at Derrick to look outside.  He peers out the window and then looks back at me shaking his head from side to side.  
“Wow, that’s a whole lot of nothing,” he yells up the aisle to me.
I didn’t mention how luxurious the inside of this plane is.  The interior is all leather and carpeted to match the leather.  There is a wet bar, fully stocked, and a bathroom in the rear.  I wonder if this is how the movie stars travel?  I could get used to this!
“Okay Kobi.  We are Flight Level 310 (31,000 feet).  I am taking it off autopilot, so grab the yoke and get a feel for her.”
I lightly put both hands on the yoke and he turns off the autopilot.  I expect the plane to feel heavy and unresponsive to the little movement, but this airplane is not.  It is very responsive to every little movement I make.  He tells me to descend 200 feet, so I ease off on the power just a little bit and push the yoke forward.  Before I know it we have passed the altitude I was supposed to stop at, so I give it a little bit of power and climb back up to the altitude I am supposed to be holding.  Now let me try a turn.  20 degrees left, then 40 degrees right and back to center heading 250 degrees.
“This is seriously a cool airplane, Henderson.  Thanks for letting me fly for a while.  It makes me miss my weekend job as a Flight Instructor.”
I glance down at the instruments and calculate that we are about an hour and a half from Perth.  The CDC maintains a secure frequency on the radio, so I ask Henderson if I can give them a call so they can meet us at the airport with a van.  Henderson is going to remain in Perth as long as we are there, and has offered to help us if we need anything.  
I see on the horizon the city of Perth.  It is an enormous city perched right next to the water.  We are being vectored for landing by Air Traffic Control and eventually cleared by the tower to land.  Henderson greases the landing.   I barely feel the wheels touch the ground.  We pull into the General Aviation side of the airport and see the CDC van waiting for us.  
Henderson stops the airplane and shuts down the engines.  The four of us exit the airplane, and we see two men getting out of a CDC van.  They walk over to us and introduce themselves.
“G’day.  I’m Taylor, the CDC Director here in Perth, and this is Matthew, one of our Biologists,” he says as he extends his hand.
Dane meets his hand with a firm handshake and says, “Pleased to meet you.”
Derrick shakes Taylor’s hand and introduces us.  Taylor helps us load the bags in the car and says, “I reckon you will want to check into the hotel before we go to the funeral home.”
“That would be great,” Derrick replies.
We are checked into the hotel and on our way to the funeral home.  Taylor brought some containers with him for the samples.  Once we collect the waste, we will drive to the CDC lab and look at the sample in a secure environment.  We arrive at the funeral home on time and meet with Mr. Dackett.  He shows us where the cap is for the septic tank.  Taylor carefully unscrews the top and sticks a long pole with a cup on the end down into the septic tank.  Slowly, he pulls the sample out of the top and pours it into a vial.  We need to be especially careful not to touch the sample at all. Once the container is sealed, it is placed in a locked box for transport.  
We arrive at the lab about 30 minutes later.  Taylor and I suit up and go straight to the hazardous section of the lab.  Several samples of waste are placed on three different microscope slides to be examined. I glance at the first sample, and it appears normal. The second sample, however, has the parasite in it, as does the third.  We immediately contact Mr. Dackett and tell him about the parasite in his septic tank.   We are very fortunate that the contents of the tank have not been emptied yet.   
I decide to give Geoff a call and let him know what we have found here.  Also, I am curious to know how everyone is doing at the lab.
After a few rings, I hear “Hello.”
“Hi Geoff, its Kobi.”
“Hi Kobi, how are you?”
“We are doing well.  We just got finished testing the septic tank behind the funeral home, and it is infected with the parasite.  The tank has not been emptied since he performed the procedure, so I don’t think we have a problem other than what’s in the tank.  It is totally contained for now.  We know bleach kills the parasite, so Taylor is having 150 liters delivered to the funeral home.  He will pour all of it into the septic tank and seal it up.  We will come back in two days to check it again.”
“Sounds like you have everything under control, Kobi.”
“Yeah, I think so.  I told Mr. Dackett to leave the tank alone.  I contacted  the septic cleaning service company myself and told them not to empty the tank.  I told them it was infected with a nasty bacteria, and we were working on neutralizing it.  I lied a little, because I don’t want to create a panic.”
“Good thinking, Kobi.  I think you made the right decision by contacting the service company, because I know services like that are usually automated, and they may empty it before Mr. Dackett can stop them.  Make sure that Taylor puts the CDC tape over the septic drain hole after the bleach is put in.”
“What is CDC tape?”
“It’s like a yellow and black ‘Police, do not cross’ tape used at crime scenes, only it says ‘CDC Hazardous Material.  Do Not Touch’.
“Okay, Geoff.  How is everything at the lab?”
“Marci is a lot worse.  She was in so much pain today, we decided it would be best to place her in a medicated coma.  Her urine is dark brown and the whites of her eyes are totally brown now.  I don’t think she will last much longer.   Sevi, Evan, and Stolz have a few more dark spots today than they did yesterday.  Cole is doing fine.  He is constantly talking to his rat, and hasn’t put him down since you gave it to him.  I think he will probably sleep with him tonight.  That rat was a great idea.”
“Be sure to tell Cole hello for me.  Hopefully we will be back in a few days.  I’ll call you tomorrow afternoon after we exhume the body.  Taylor has already talked to the local authorities, and Mr. Dackett will be there with us when we pull the body up.”
“Sounds good, Kobi.  I’ll talk to you tomorrow.  Good night.”
“Good night, Geoff.”
We are finished at the lab for the evening, so Taylor drives us back to the hotel.  Derrick, Dane, and I decide to grab a bite of dinner before turning in for the night.  The hotel has a very nice little restaurant, just off the main lobby.  As we enter, we see Henderson sitting at a back table all by himself.  He sees us and motions for us to come over.  He hasn’t ordered dinner yet, so our timing is perfect.  The waiter comes to the table and asks us if we would like anything to drink.  Dane and Derrick order a beer, and I decide to have a glass of wine.  
There is a lot to choose from on the menu, but the seafood platter has caught my eye.  There is nothing fried on the platter, only steamed rock lobster, mud crabs, and prawns.  Derrick and Dane both order the Flathead fish, and Henderson is having the steak.   
“How long do you think we will be here, Kobi?” Henderson questions.
“Maybe another day or two. You are more than welcome to join us tomorrow if you want to.  We are going north to exhume a body and check it for parasites.”
“Gee, Kobi, you make it sound so inviting.  No thanks.  I’ll stay here and do a little shopping for my daughter.”
“Okay, have it your way,” I say with a sideways grin.  
Our dinner arrives, and it looks and smells fantastic.  I take a bite of the fresh scallops and shrimp, and the flavor explodes in my mouth.  It is so good.  Everyone seems to be enjoying their dinner as much as I am.  Derrick and Dane are enjoying the snapper, and Henderson’s steak looks very tender.  After the meal, we sit and visit for a few hours and then decide to turn in for the night.  
“Good night, Henderson.”
“Good night, Kobi.  You guys sleep well.”
I glance back at Henderson, nod my head and wave.  Derrick and I get into our room and immediately go to the shower--together.  It feels good to be alone and enjoy each other.  We go to bed and lie there for a few minutes just talking about everything that has happened.  It’s hard to believe all of this is happening while we are here on our honeymoon.  I just hope they find a cure and close the book on this crisis before Derrick has to go home.  I really don’t want to say goodbye to him in ten days.  


Chapter 19

Day 19
Derrick and I get up around 8:00 a.m., get dressed, and head downstairs to the restaurant for some breakfast.  Dane shows up about 9:00 a.m. looking a little tired.  He tells us that he went to his room, tried to fall asleep, but couldn’t, so he came back down here to the bar and ended up staying here until it closed around 2:00 a.m.  Lucky for us, he’s not driving today.  
After breakfast, we meet Taylor in front of the hotel.  There is a huge vehicle out front that reminds me of a bread truck.  This is the CDC’s portable lab, complete with hazardous suits, microscopes, and a shower for decontamination purposes, if needed.  Taylor is parked behind the CDC truck in a very large SUV that I assume we will be riding in.  We say our good mornings and start the 200 kilometers drive to Mrs. Jones’ house.
“Taylor, what is the plan after we exhume the body?” I ask.
“We will make four incisions in the body.  One in the chest, stomach, arm, and leg.  If we discover the body is infected with the parasite, it will be soaked in bleach, and burned just like the dingoes.  We will also need to check the soil around the coffin for contamination,” Taylor explains.
Derrick is curious about the ground water around the burial site.  It raises a good question.  If the body is infected, it could seep into the ground and contaminate the water that she and the employees use.  The sheep could all be infected as well, since they use that water too.  There are a lot of possible problems in the works if this body is infected.  Matthew will be taking charge of the decontamination procedures, should we find evidence of the parasite at the sheep station.  
I am surprised to see that most of the yards here don’t really have any grass.  I guess I just assumed that living next to the coast would yield a lush, green, environment.  The yards consist mostly of sand and rock. The one advantage to not having a lush, green, yard, is you don’t have to worry about mowing.  I did see one yard that had really green grass, but Taylor told me it was a special grass that doesn’t need watering at all.  It is plastic!  Ha Ha…actually, that’s not a bad idea.
We finally arrive at the sheep station around 12:30 p.m., and notice that we are the first ones to arrive.  Taylor pulls the SUV into the driveway, while Matthew parks the CDC truck closer to the family graveyard.  We exit the car and walk up to the front door of this beautiful old house.  Taylors knocks several times before an elderly lady answers the door.   Taylor introduces us, and she introduces herself as Mrs. Jones.  Dane steps forward.
“Mrs. Jones, I’m Dane Walker, we spoke on the phone.  It’s very nice to meet you.”
“Oh, hello, Mr. Walker.  It’s very nice to meet you and your friends.”
Taylor gives her a quick synopsis of what we are going to be doing here today, and promises to keep her posted.  The local authorities will be here at 1:00 p.m., which gives us time to get everything set up.  First of all, we want to drape a plastic tent around the gravesite.  We don’t want everyone staring at the body.  It’s disrespectful.  Second, this will allow us to control the environment the body is exposed to.  There will be no dust or wind to disturb us.  Everything is ready, so now we just need the authorities and the diggers to arrive.
The local authorities finally arrive, and the diggers are ready to go.  Mrs. Jones gives the final okay, and they begin digging.  It takes them about half an hour to get the dirt out and raise the coffin.  It is then carried into the shelter and placed on the table.  Mr. Dackett and Taylor are opening the coffin.  As the lid is raised, we immediately see that the body is indeed infected, because the body is almost entirely black.  Mr. Dackett looks shocked and advises us that this was not the condition of the body when it was buried. The parasite is alive and looking for its next victim. 
Taylor tells everyone to leave, except CDC employees, Mr. Dackett, and me.  He takes a scalpel and removes a tissue sample from the chest cavity and places it in a plastic container with a lid.   He also takes tissue from the stomach, arms, and leg.  All of these samples are sealed and put in an airtight container and sealed with CDC tape.  Taylor and I take the container to the CDC lab truck.
Matthew excuses himself and goes to the truck for a big bottle of bleach.  He brings the bleach inside the tent, then walks to a spot about 100 yards away and starts building a fire.  While he is doing that, Taylor takes off his hazardous suit and proceeds over to Mrs. Jones to deliver the bad news.  I am going with him. 
“Mrs. Jones, may we go inside for a moment.”
“Sure, come right in.”
Taylor proceeds to tell her the entire story about the dingoes and the infectious parasite.  
“We think your son-in-law has been infected with the parasite.  Unfortunately, the only way to kill the parasite is to soak it in bleach and then burn it.  We are going to have to burn his body immediately.”
“Oh, that’s terrible.” Mrs. Jones understands totally and doesn’t question our decision at all.
Matthew comes into the tent about 20 minutes after starting the fire and pours bleach all over the body while it is in the coffin.  The bleach will need to soak in thoroughly before the body can be put in the fire.  Luckily, the coffin is made of some kind of special-treated wood and will burn, if the fire is hot enough.  From the looks of the fire, it’s hot enough.  This works out great because no one will need to touch the body.  The coffin can be carried and placed on the fire as is.
The next thing we need to do is get a sample of the soil around the coffin to see if it is contaminated.  Taylor has this instrument that looks like a grabber with a small cylinder device attached to the end.  As he shoves it into the ground, the cylinder fills up with dirt.  The tip of the device is then placed into a container and a handle is squeezed, allowing whatever is in the cylinder to fall out.  It reminds me of a tool I use at home to dig holes for bulbs.   You twist it around, the cylinder fills up with dirt, and then you squeeze the handle together and the dirt falls out.  It is the same principle but on a much smaller scale.
As the body burns, Taylor asks me to go to the well and get a few samples of the water.  After collecting the samples, we all go into the truck and look at the samples we have collected to determine if we have a problem or not. As expected, the body is infected with the parasite.  I add a little liquid to the dirt so I can look at it under a microscope slide easier and am shocked to see traces of the parasite swimming arround.  
Taylor looks at me and says, “I think we need to exhume the bodies of the daughter and the grandson as well.  If the parasite is in the soil, it may have penetrated through the coffins to the other bodies.  We will need Mrs. Jones’ permission.  Let’s go talk to her.”
We take off out suits and walk up to the house where Mrs. Jones is sitting on her front porch.  Taylor explains the situation to here and she looks very upset.  She really doesn’t want to disturb her daughter’s final resting place, but she understands and allows us to proceed with the exhumation of her daughter and grandson.   Taylor advises the authorities, and the diggers get right to work digging up the two bodies.  The daughter’s coffin is removed first, than the smaller coffin belonging to the grandson.
Taylor and I suit up again, and with the help of the funeral director, we open up her coffin.  We slowly raise the lid and see her lying there so peaceful and perfect.  There is no parasite evidence in the coffin or on her body.  We will collect a sample of her tissue and check it anyway, but I’m sure it will show no evidence.   As expected, the sample shows no parasite.   Now, we have to check the grandson.  The tiny lid is removed from the coffin, and inside lying just as peaceful as an angel is this precious little boy with light blond hair.   It really tugs hard at my heart to see this little boy on a bed of white satin, dead.  We check him too just to make sure.  There is no parasite in his coffin either.  We will leave the bodies out of the ground until we rid the soil of the parasite.  Taylor asks Matthew to set up a trailer by the cemetery to store the coffins in until they can be placed back in the ground.
The next sample to be checked is the water.   I am crossing my fingers that the parasite isn’t in the water because if it is, we have a serious problem on the sheep station.  I put the slide on the microscope stage and slowly put my eyes up to the eyepiece.  I twist the focus knob.  There it is--the parasite. 
“Taylor, have a look.  It’s right there in the station’s water supply.”
“Shit!  We better start collecting blood samples from everyone on the sheep station,” Taylor says regrettably. 
Derrick and Dane shake their head because they realize we have an outbreak here on the station.  This is bad.  Mr. Dackett asks us if there is anything more he can do, and we tell him no.  He is going to return to Perth.  I ask Derrick if he wants to go back to the hotel, since I will be here a while.
“No way, Sweetheart.  I’m not going to leave you alone.  I know there’s nothing I can do, but Dane and I want to see this thing through.  The sheep probably need to be herded and contained.  Maybe I can help with that.  Also, do you want samples of the sheep’s blood?  That--I can do.”
“Let me check with Taylor.  Hey Taylor, so do you want to get the sheep corralled and tested as well for the parasite?  I think it would be a good idea.”
“Yes, Kobi.  That’s a great idea.”
“Dane and Derrick have offered to corral them and get blood samples if
that’s okay with you.  Derrick is a Zoologist and knows a thing or two about animals.”
“That’s an excellent idea.  Make sure they get suited up before collecting the blood samples.”
“Okay.  Derrick, you’ve got the green light from the boss.  Be careful and be sure to suit up before you start messing with their blood.”
Dane and Derrick head off to the stables, grab a couple of horses and start doing their thing.   Taylor and I are going to talk to Mrs. Jones about our findings.  It is not going to be easy telling her.
“Mrs. Jones,” Taylor says, “May we please go to the house and have a word with you?”
“Yes, of course.  What have you and your team discovered?”
“Well, Mrs. Jones, I’m afraid it is very bad news.  We tested the soil where the coffin was, and it is infected with the parasite, so we decided to check your water, too.  Mrs. Jones, please have a seat,” Taylor says as he pulls the chair out from under the table for her.  “I’m sorry, but your drinking water and the water you give to the sheep are also infected with the parasite.  I am going to need a blood sample from you and everyone on your payroll here.  We will also need to get your sheep rounded up and contained so we can check their blood.”
“A blood sample, from me.  Why?  I’m not infected.  I feel fine.”
“I know Mrs. Jones, and I hope you don’t have the parasite, but we really need to check, okay?” I say calmly to her, as I rub her shoulder for reassurance.  
Taylor gets a small blood sample from her. 
“I will be right back Mrs. Jones,” Taylor says as he exits the room.   “I am
going to check the blood right now.  Be right back.”
Mrs. Jones is very upset and more worried about losing her livestock than she is about being sick herself.  She looks at me with tears in her eyes and asks, “What if the sheep are infected?  Will they need to be destroyed or can they be saved?”
“If the sheep are infected, they will be quarantined here at the station.  We have a team of doctors in Darwin working around the clock trying to find a cure for the parasite.”  
Taylor comes running back into the house very excited and completely out of breath.  “Taylor, what is it?  Catch your breath a minute,” I say.
“She’s not infected!  I checked her blood and there is no parasite in it.  I can’t believe it.  Kobi, go take a look under the microscope just to be sure.”
I walk out to the truck and look at her blood. He is right--there is no parasite.  How is that possible?  How odd that the water is infected and she isn’t.  I go back inside the house and confirm that there is no parasite.  Mrs. Jones is happy not to be infected, but is still worried about her sheep. 
“Mrs. Jones, Kobi and I are going to get back to work now.  We need to check the blood samples we are collecting from your employees.  When we finish checking their blood, we will check the sheep.  About how many head of sheep do you have on the property?”
“Last time I checked I had about 150 sheep.”
“Okay, thanks Mrs. Jones.”
Taylor and I look at each other and take a deep breath because we know that this is going to be a very long day.  Instead of getting blood from every animal, I suggest we collect blood from every fifth sheep coming through the gate.  That’s 30 vials of blood instead of 150.  It will take a lot of manpower to collect and test the blood, so this option works best for this situation.  Chances are if 30 sheep are infected, the entire herd will be.


Chapter 20

Matthew has finished collecting blood from the nine employees, and Derrick and Dane are busy corralling the sheep.  Once they get the sheep into the holding pen, they will direct them into a long chute where the blood can be taken from every fifth animal.  Derrick and Dane will collect the blood while the sheep handlers corral them into the upper pasture, where they will be quarantined until further notice.  Each sheep has a tag number on his ear; that is how we will keep track of the samples and find out which ones are bad.
Taylor and I get busy with the employees’ blood.  We are putting a small sample of the blood on a microscope slide.  The slide is placed on the stage of the microscope and looked at carefully.  The first sample is positive.  The second sample--positive.  Third--positive.  All nine of the samples test positive for the parasite.   We expected them to be infected since they live here on the station, so we don’t need to worry about it spreading to the public right now.
Corralling the sheep into the low pasture is taking a lot longer than anticipated.  They are scattered all over the land.  So, it’s going to be a while before we are ready to start testing the sheep blood.  We are probably going to spend the night in a little hotel we saw not too far from here in Morawa.  As soon as Derrick and Dane are finished gathering up the sheep and collecting blood, we will call it a day and check into the hotel.
Taylor decides to physically check each one of the employees for any discoloration they may have.  I told him exactly what to look for, so he shouldn’t need my help.  I decide to give Geoff a quick call.  
“Hi, Geoff.  It’s Kobi.”
“Hey, Kobi, what’s going on?”
“You first.  What’s going on there?”
“Well, I have some bad news.  Marci died earlier this evening.  We had her in the medical coma, but the parasite finally took over, and she stopped breathing.   Stolz is pretty shaken up about it and wanted to personally dispose of her body in the incinerator.”
“Oh, that is terrible.  Are Nicola and Trevor any closer to finding an antidote?”
“No, not really.  The stronger strength embalming fluid kills the parasite.  The problem now is figuring out how to administer it to a patient without the obvious other problems.  No one has ever tried injecting embalming fluid into a living person, so we are exploring unchartered territory.  We are talking to the mortician here in Darwin, he thinks that the formaldehyde will probably kill the flesh, especially at the injection site.  If it is injected into the bloodstream, he thinks it will cause immediate death.” 
Geoff continues, “We don’t really know where to go from here with the embalming fluid option.  The only thing we can do is infect a mouse with the parasite and inject a small amount of the embalming fluid into the mouse and see what happens.  I am not confident that the outcome will be positive.  Tell me what is happening at the station.”
“The body was infected, so we had to burn it.  The soil around the grave is also infected, and so is the drinking water.  Since the soil was infected with the parasite, we had to exhume the bodies of her daughter and grandson.  Luckily, they were not infected.  Her property has a well, and an independent groundwater system.  We are going to have some surveyors confirm that the water here does not tie into any other water system, just to be safe.  All nine of the employees here are infected.  Here is the odd thing, Geoff.  Mrs. Jones is not infected.  She drinks and cooks with the infected water and is not infected.  How can that be?”
“I don’t know, Kobi.  Find out if she is on any type of medication.  Get a full list with the dosage information.  Also, if she is taking any kind of herbs or oils like flaxseed or fish, get that information too.”
“Okay, I’ll ask her.  I make a list for you and send it as soon as I can.     She also has about 150 sheep that are going to be tested as well.  Derrick and Dane are in charge of corralling the sheep and collecting the blood.  They are out there right now searching for the sheep to bring in.  I think it’s going to take them a lot longer than they anticipated to find them.  She has about 500 acres out here, so it may take until dark or even maybe part of tomorrow to get them in.”
“I’m glad Derrick is able to help.  How are you going to test all of the animals?”
“We are planning to draw blood randomly.  The sample size will be 30 sheep which is one fifth of the herd.  Chances are, if all 30 are infected, the whole herd will be.  They will all be held in quarantine.  I’ll get a medication list and fax it to you. I think there is a fax in the lab truck.  Give me your fax and I’ll call you when I send it.”
Geoff gives me the number and we hang up for now.  I go back inside the house and find Mrs. Jones sitting at the kitchen table.  I tell her that all of the employees are infected with the parasite.  She is just sick about it and feels responsible for their situation.  But, I assure her that it is not her fault—she had no idea that Thom’s body was infected.  
“Mrs. Jones, are you taking any medication on a regular basis?”
“Yes.  I am on a whole lot of medicine actually.  Hang on, I will get the list for you.  I have it typed and saved on the computer because every time I go to the doctor, they want a current list of medications.  I got tired of writing it down every single time, so I typed it.  I’ll be right back.”
She leaves the room and walks towards the back of the house.  I am really thirsty and would love a drink, so I go to the kitchen and grab a glass.  As I am holding it up to the faucet, I realize what I am doing.  Holy cow!!  I quickly go outside to the lab truck and get a bottle of water out of the mini-fridge in the back.  It’s funny how we are creatures of habit.  
Mrs. Jones returns to the kitchen after about ten minutes, and apologizes for taking so long.  “My computer is a dinosaur and I think the squirrels running on the inside, keeping things moving, are elderly.”
“No problem, Mrs. Jones.  Thank you so much.  My boss in Darwin thinks that perhaps something in this list of medications has made you immune to the parasite.  The cure might be on this piece of paper.  Please excuse me while I go to the truck and fax this list to Darwin.  I’ll be right back.”
I go to the truck and fax the list to Geoff.  I immediately call him to let him know I’m sending the list.  “It’s on the way.  We are going to stay at a hotel a little closer to the station tonight.  I’ll give you a call in the morning when we are back on site.  Good night, Geoff.”  He tells me to get some rest and we’ll talk later on.
Derrick and Dane are done for the evening.  It is getting dark fast, and they haven’t found all the sheep yet.  They will get an early start tomorrow and hopefully by noon, we can start the testing.  I poke my head inside Mrs. Jones’ house and tell her good night.  She knows we will be back bright and early in the morning, but I assured her not to worry about having coffee for us.  We will bring our own.
So, we are off to the hotel.  It’s only about twenty minutes from the station and an easy drive.  The hotel is nothing to brag about, but all we need is a place to park our heads for the evening.  When we check in, we tell the desk clerk to expect us for three nights.  Hopefully, it won’t take that long, but we reserve the rooms just to be sure.  Taylor and Matthew are securing the samples and the lab truck while we check in.  
Luckily there is a restaurant attached to the hotel, so we grab a quick bite before we shower and go to bed.  The food is nothing fancy or exotic, but it is good and fills the vacant space in our bellies.  I will call Geoff first thing in the morning to check on things.  But for now, just a shower and some sleep.


Chapter 21

Day 20
I am the first one up and out of bed this morning.  I check the time and see that it is only 5:30 a.m., but that’s okay.  I wanted to get an early start today anyway.  I go to the bathroom, wash my face, brush my teeth and hair, and get dressed.  I wake up Derrick, and he does the same--except he is walking a little bow-legged.  I think riding that horse has made him a little stiff this morning.  
“I remember now why I stopped riding horses.  My groin is a little stiff today, can you tell?”
I start giggling a little and say, “No, I didn’t notice, Cowboy.”
He smiles and we leave the room and walk to the café for breakfast.  All I
want right now is a big cup of coffee with lots of sugar.  Then I want bacon, six slices of bacon, and some scrambled eggs.  Dane, Taylor, and Matthew show up about 20 minutes after we sit down.  We all enjoy the big breakfast and order a couple of thermoses of coffee to go.  We’ll stop at a store on our way to the station to get water and snacks for the day.  Taylor grabs a couple of cases of water for the people in quarantine.
Taylor has called his CDC office and requested a team to come to the sheep station and oversee the quarantine procedures.  Also, animal services has been contacted, and they will be taking measures to make sure the sheep are being watered and fed.  Taylor has thought of everything.  On the way to Mrs. Jones’ place, I decide to give Geoff a call and find out what happened overnight.  Here is the list of medications I sent him last night:
Advair  500/50 2 times daily
Mucinex
Neurontin  300 mg/3 times daily
Meloxicam 7.5 mg
Tramadol 50 mg/3 times daily
Tylenol 750 mg/3 times daily
Losartan Potassium 50 mg
Pravastatin 40 mg
Verapamil Er 240 mg
Aspirin 81 mg
Singular 10 mg
Ambien 5 mg
Xalatan
Trimethoprim 100mg
Acidophylus
Flaxseed Oil 1000 mg
Vitamin D 1000 mg
Calcium 1500 mg
Multi Vitamins
Fish Oil 1000 mg
Preservision with 20 mg Lutein
Co Q 10 75 mg
“So what did Nicole and Trevor think about the list of medicines?”
“We all still find it amazing that she is not infected, and to think that perhaps one of these medicines or a combination of some could be what made her immune.  Nicola and Trevor did experiments with formaldehyde on a clean sample of blood, and the results were devastating, so there was no need to test the fluid on a mouse.  All of the red blood cells dissolved almost immediately.  Needless to say, the embalming fluid antidote theory is dead in the water.  I’m glad we have a lead with the medicines.  I know they are in the lab right now brainstorming.”
“I’m glad we do too.  How’s Cole? And the rest of the guys?”
“Cole and Buddy are doing great.  You should see him with that rat.  They are never apart.  He even sleeps with that thing.  In the mornings, I usually go say hi to Cole and see how he is feeling.  I can hear him all the way down the hall having a conversation with the rat.  He’s asking him if he is hungry, is the milk good, and so forth.  Sometimes, I stop and listen before I approach the glass, because he is totally into that rat, and the conversation is so cute.    The other three guys are hanging in there.  The discoloration is getting more pronounced, but they say they feel fine.”
We are pulling in the sheep station, so I say goodbye to Geoff.  I’ll call him later today when we are done.  We park the truck next to the plastic tent we left set up overnight.  Mrs. Jones is sitting on her front porch waiting for us.  I give her a wave as we park the vehicles.  Dane is pleased to see what appears to be, the entire herd of sheep being held in the lower pasture.  He asks Mrs. Jones about it, and she tells us that the sheep handlers got an early start this morning and rounded up the rest of the sheep.  I know Derrick is happy about that because I’m not sure he could have ridden a horse today.
“Excellent!  Let’s go get some blood, Dane.  I sound like a vampire don’t I?” Derrick jokes.
The workers at the station have designed a system for collecting the blood.  Right now the sheep are in the lower pasture.  There are several hundred feet of cattle fencing between the lower and upper pasture that will be used as a walkway for the sheep.  Right before the entrance to the upper pasture corral is a hydraulic cattle chute.  Every fifth sheep will be held in the chute while the blood is drawn from a vein in the neck.  Derrick will draw the blood and Dane will write down the ear tag number on the sample.
Derrick and Dane are both in position and the parade of sheep begins.  The plan is working perfectly.  I know Derrick is glad the chute is hydraulic, because if it were a manual chute, I think he would be exhausted after ten sheep.  The samples are placed in a container designed specifically to hold vials, but extra care is being taken to avoid an accident.  
I see in the distance a convoy of cars coming up the long, dusty driveway.
It is the CDC team and the animal control officers.  Located alongside the main house are individual rooms used by the workers.  Each room has a bedroom, bathroom, and a small kitchenette.  The CDC team is going to set up a quarantine area around those rooms.
The animal control officers have made their way to the upper pasture where the 150 head of sheep are being held.  They immediately reinforce the fencing and build dozens of troughs to be used for water and feed.   They also brought with them a very large water buffalo--a bigger version of the one Dane used for Derrick and me.  The water buffalo is used to store large amounts of water.  The sheep need to be given fresh water, and this is the only option that will work.
Derrick and Dane are finishing collecting the blood samples from the sheep and are making their way back to the CDC lab truck.   I saw Derrick knock on the door of the truck and pass the box full of vials to Taylor so he can start analyzing them.  Derrick and Dane proceed over to the upper pasture and ask if there is anything they can do.
One of the workers told him they were almost done and didn’t need anything, but appreciated the offer.  So Derrick and Dane stand up on the fencing and look like a couple of stable hands tending their flock.  It’s a good look for Derrick.
“Hey Derrick, I am going to help Taylor with the blood samples.  You look good standing up there with your blue jeans on and that cowboy hat riding low on your forehead,” I say with raised eyebrows.
He smiles at me and tips his hat.  What a man!!  He is just over six feet tall and about 195 pounds of solid muscle.  He has beautiful light golden brown eyes with subtle shades of hazel in them.  I can’t see his hair right now, but it is a light brown with blonde highlights from the sun.  He keeps his face shaven clean, which  I am very happy about.
I walk into the lab truck and get suited up to help analyze the blood.  Taylor and I decide the best way to organize and keep the samples from getting mixed up is to write the sheep’s tag number on the slide.  I have the list that Dane gave Taylor, so I will write all of the tag numbers on the slides.  Then, one by one, Taylor will place a small sample of blood on each slide and put the cover over it.  The sample will be checked, and if it is positive, I will place a check next to the tag number on the sheet.
So, we begin the process.  Slide by slide we analyze the sheep’s blood.  When we are done with one vial, it is placed in a bucket of bleach, along with the microscope slide and the dropper.  We have to use a clean dropper for each sample to avoid contamination.  The process is working great.  There is no confusion and no mess, just the bucket of bleach that will be drained tomorrow.  The droppers, slides, and vials will be burned by Matthew.
It takes the remainder of the day to test all of the sheeps’ blood.  Every single sample was infected with the parasite, so we assume the entire herd is contaminated.   While Taylor and I were analyzing the blood, Matthew poured hundreds of gallons of bleach into the station’s water supply.  He also poured a large amount of bleach into the grave and the surrounding soil where Thom’s body was exhumed.  The water and the soil will be tested again tomorrow.  
Our work is done for now.  “Let’s go talk to Mrs. Jones, Kobi,” Taylor says. “Matthew, can you come with us please?”
“Okay,” Matthew answers.  
“Mrs. Jones, we have finished checking the sheeps’ blood.  I’m so sorry to
have to tell you that all 30 samples were infected with the parasite.  So, we have to assume that the entire herd is infected.  But, don’t give up on them yet.  There is still time to find a cure and save your employees and the herd.  Think positive, and don’t use the water at all.  We have plenty of water for you to use during the next couple of days.”  
Matthew speaks up and says, “Mrs. Jones, please flush out your water, using the faucets on the outside of the house.  I have prepositioned large troughs with bleach in them under each faucet.   Please run each faucet for ten minutes as soon as you wake up in the morning.  Hopefully, that will kill any parasites that are in the pipes leading to the house.  Also, I want you to run the faucets in your house to get the water circulating through the system.  I have left a bottle of bleach by the kitchen sink and in the bathroom.  After the water runs for ten minutes, pour some bleach into all your inside drains and allow water to flow for another minute.  The CDC team will do the same thing in the living quarters for your employees.”
Mrs. Jones nods her head indicating to us that she understands exactly what she needs to do.  But, just in case she questions herself later, Matthew has the instructions written down for her on a piece of paper and will put it on the kitchen table.  
“Kobi and her crew are going to return to Darwin day after tomorrow.  We will be here with you until the crisis is over,” Taylor explains.
“Thank you both so much.  Kobi, will you be back tomorrow?”
“Yes ma’am, we will all be back here after lunch.  We need to give the bleach time to kill the parasite before we check things out.  If you need anything or have any questions while we are gone, the CDC quarantine crew will be here, so just ask.  Is there anything you need us to bring you from town?  Do you have enough groceries?”
“I am running low on bread and milk.  Are you sure you don’t mind?”
“Of course not!  I’ll be happy to bring you anything you need.  In fact, here is my phone number.  If you think of anything else you need tonight, please call me. I’ll see you tomorrow, Mrs. Jones.”  I lift up my hand and give her a wave as I walk out the kitchen.  She holds up her tiny little hand and gives me a wave back.   


Chapter 22

Taylor and I walk out of her house and down the steps with heavy hearts.  This poor old woman is on the verge of losing everything she has worked for.  I wish there were something else we could do for her.  I am standing at the bottom of the porch stairs glancing at the lay-out of the station.  
When we first drove up, I didn’t take the time to notice how beautiful it is out here.  All I could think about was doing the job we came here to do.  But, now that we are just about finished, my mind has a chance to absorb the vastness and the beauty of the striking landscape.  Looking off in the distance, I see rolling hills of brilliant green.  Slopes going left to right, and right to left.  Nestled right in between the slopes is a grove of trees in full color.  The sky that hangs above the slopes is a cerulean blue with wisps of white painted across the top.  I walk out a little more into the yard and tilt my head up to the sun.  It feels wonderful hitting my face.  Mrs. Jones comes to the door and sees me and just smiles.
“Kobi, why don’t you and Derrick take a couple of horses and ride out to the edge of the station.  It is very pretty out there under that grove of trees.   From there you will get a good view of the station and the main house.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Jones.  That sounds like a great idea.  I scan the pasture and
catch Derrick looking at me.  I motion for him to come over, and he nods his head, as if to say okay.  
“Hey Honey, what’s up?”
“Mrs. Jones suggested that you and I take a couple of horses and ride out to the edge of her property.  Turn around.  Just have a look at how beautiful that view is.  Are you game for a ride?”
“With you? You bet.  I’ll go saddle up the horses for us.  You guys don’t mind, do you?”  Derrick says as he waves goodbye to Dane and Taylor.
“No Mate, you go have a ride with your new bride.  Dane and I will go talk to the quarantine crew for an hour or so.  We will see you in a bit,” Taylor says.                                                                                                   
After 15 minutes or so, I see Derrick walking out of the stable with two horses, saddled up and ready to go.  It has been a long time since I have been on a horse, but I’m sure it’s like riding a bike.  You never forget how, right?  Wrong.  I can’t even get on this horse.  When I was little, I weighed a lot less, about 100 pounds, maybe. But, now that I am mature and 30 pounds heavier, it is taking a little more momentum to swing my leg over the saddle and mount up.  
After a few tries, I’m on and ready to ride.  It doesn’t take me long to get
the hang of riding again.  I rather like it! Derrick and I slowly walk the horses out towards the meadow by the grove of trees.  It’s easy to see where the sheep have been because the grass is worn down and discolored.  The ride is not disappointing at all.  When we do finally get to the grove of trees nestled right up against the slopes, we see how lovely it is.  We get off the horses and walk over to the biggest tree we see and have a seat in the grass.
“It is awesome up here, isn’t it?  Look down there at the sheep station.   It looks huge from up here, doesn’t it?” I observe.
“What a breathtaking sight.  Look at the old house.  I feel like I am looking at a brochure.  It is almost surreal.  Hard to believe that anything bad is going on down there,” Derrick remarks.
“I know.”
After about 45 minutes, Derrick and I decide to make our way back to the stables.  We are finished for the day and I am sure the guys would like to head back to the hotel.  We take the saddles off and give the horses a rub-down before leaving.
“I just want to tell Mrs. Jones that we are leaving and will be back tomorrow.  Give me two minutes,” I say.  I quickly run inside, tell her we are leaving, and then I am back in the truck ready to go.  
On the way back to the hotel, I call Henderson.
“Henderson, it’s Kobi.”
“Hey, when are you coming back?”
“We will be back tomorrow night, late.  We would like to take off the next morning.  Will that work for you?”
“I’m here for ya’ll.  Whenever you are ready to go, I’m ready to go.”
“Great.  I’ll give you a call when we get back to the hotel tomorrow night, okay?”
“Sounds good, Kobi.  Let’s all have dinner together.”
“It might be 7:00 p.m. before we get there, is that too late?”
“No, that’s fine.  I’ll wait.  Drive safe tomorrow.”
“We will.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He is such a nice guy.  It’s time to turn in for the day.  Tomorrow we can sleep late because we aren’t planning on going to the station until 11:00 p.m.  Matthew wanted to give the bleach 12 hours to take effect.  I’m really glad we can relax tonight and don’t have to worry about time.  I want to give Geoff a call tonight and see what’s going on back in Darwin.
All of us are famished and stop at a restaurant before going back to the hotel.  It’s only 7:00 p.m., so I suggest we sit here for a while, chat and relax.  We have been working some long hours lately, and I am starting to feel a little fatigued.   We are all wondering if the bleach is going to do the trick.  We can only hope.  
Taylor decides to call one of his friends in Perth who has a business that involves water purification.  The problem with Mrs. Jones’ farm is that the water will be totally unusable for quite some time because of the amount of bleach we put in the water.  Taylor wants to find out what can be done to help improve her water without needing to find another source.  
After hanging up, he tells us that his friend has offered to drive up to the station and meet us after lunch tomorrow.  He will check out the situation, test the water to see exactly what impurities are in the water and go from there.  He has agreed to help Mrs. Jones, free of charge, because Taylor explained her situation in detail.  Taylor tells his friend that the CDC will pick up the tab for his supplies.  What a kind-hearted thing to do.   
We are finally done with dinner and have relaxed to the point of falling asleep.  I glance at my watch and see the time is 8:30 p.m.  I say my good nights and Derrick and I retire to our hotel room.   I need to call Geoff and find out how everyone is doing.
“Geoff, it’s Kobi.  How is everyone doing over there?
“Everyone is doing well.  We went to a local drugstore and picked up all of the medicines that were on the list that you faxed me.  There was only one thing on the list that the pharmacy didn’t have--Ambien.  We have contacted the pharmaceutical company and they are going to ship some to us first thing in the morning.  Nicola and Trevor are building the database with the medicines so the experiments can be tracked and adjusted as required.  I wish it were as simple as dissolving the drug in water and adding the parasite, but it has to be so precise.  Only one variable can be changed at a time so we can identify what works and what doesn’t.”
“I can’t wait to get back so I can start helping you guys.  Let me catch you up on what’s happening here.  The entire herd of sheep is infected and we are holding the sheep in the upper pasture.  All of the employees are in their quarters in quarantine.  The CDC in Perth sent a team to oversee the quarantine, and Animal Control Services has taken over the task of tending the sheep.  They have built troughs for water and feed.   Matthew dumped bleach into the water supply and over the ground where Thom was buried.   We will be going back to the station after lunch tomorrow, because he wants to give the bleach about 12 hours to work on the water and soil before we test it again.  Taylor has a friend from Perth that will help Mrs. Jones with the purification of her water system.  We should be in Darwin day after tomorrow.”  
“I’m sure between you and Taylor, you haven’t forgotten anything.”
“Thanks, Geoff, I appreciate that.  Do you want me to call you tomorrow or just wait until we see you day after tomorrow?”
“Just call me before you take off so we know when to expect you.”
“That sounds good, Geoff.  Tell everyone I said hi.”
Derrick and I are more than ready to turn in for the evening.  I know we are on our honeymoon and should be acting more like a honey-mooning couple, but the circumstances are such that neither one of has the desire nor the energy to carry on in that way.  Both of us understand and feel the same way, so it’s not a problem.  We have the rest of our lives together, so right now we are focused on trying to save lives.  


Chapter 23

Day 21
It feels great to sleep in this morning.  I open my eyes and glance over in Derrick’s direction and see he is sleeping soundly.  I decide to roll over and put my head on his chest for a little snuggle.  He puts his arm around me and we lie there for about a half hour with no words.  We are just enjoying the closeness without the sex.   
After a quick bite of lunch, Taylor, Matthew, and I get into the lab truck and head toward the station.   There is no reason for Derrick and Dane to come with us; all we are going to do is test the water, the soil, and clean up the trough Matthew prepositioned around the house.  Once we have everything in order, we will head back to the hotel.  It should only take a couple of hours.  We stop at a little grocery store to buy bread and milk.
The first thing we do when we arrive at the station is go to Mrs. Jones’ house. Matthew knocks on the door, and within a few seconds, she opens the door with a smile and invites us in.   I hand her the bread and milk and she politely says thank you and invites us to have a seat at her kitchen table.   We picked up some coffee and muffins for her too.
“I did everything just like you asked me to.  I finished with the bathroom about half an hour ago,” Mrs. Jones says, as if she was very proud of herself.  
         “That’s great ma’am,” Matthew says as he nods his head. “I am going to get a sample from the kitchen sink and the bathroom.  I’ll be right back.”  Matthew walks into the kitchen and collects a sample in a vial and then walks to the rear of the house to get the sample from the bathroom.
“Did you sleep well, Mrs. Jones?” I ask.
“Oh, yes, Kobi, I sure did.  How about you?”
“I slept fine.  I enjoyed sleeping a little late today.  It is the first day in about three weeks I have been able to do that.”
Matthew is finished collecting the samples.  “Mrs. Jones, we are going into the truck and check the water supply to see if the bleach has killed the parasite,” he says.
The three of us make our way to the truck.  Matthew hands the samples to Taylor and tells us that he is going to collect a soil sample as well.   Taylor and I suit up and I hand him the first slide.  He eases it up to the microscope.  Taylor peers into the eyepiece for a long time and then looks at me and says, “You better have a look.”
Of course, judging by the look on his face, I think the worst.  But once I look into the eyepiece, I see nothing.  I look again and still see nothing.  I look up over the eyepiece at Taylor, who is grinning like an opossum, and give him the evil eye.  We both start to laugh because the parasite is dead.  Unbelievable!   Just then, Matthew knocks on the door to the truck.  Taylor opens the door and gives Matthew the good news.  Matthew hands him the soil sample.  So just as before, we mix a little water with the dirt and place it under the microscope.  Again, no parasite.  
“I think we have cleaned up this station, Kobi,” Taylor says as he gives me a thumbs up.  “Let’s go tell Mrs. Jones.” 
Mrs. Jones is very happy to hear the news about the water and the soil, but she is not as happy as I thought she would be.  I ask her if everything is okay.  She tells me that she is still concerned about her men and the sheep.  I totally understand her position and apologize for not being more sensitive to her dilemma.  She assures me that I do not need to apologize.  She understands our excitement about cleaning up the water and the soil.  
While we are talking in the kitchen, Taylor hears a car pull up outside.  He excuses himself and walks out the front door.  Within a minute or two, he walks back in with a very tall man in his mid-fifties.  “Everyone, I would like you to meet Ken.  He is the friend I was telling you about.  He has a water purification business in Perth and has agreed to come out here and help you, Mrs. Jones, to purify your drinking water again,” Taylor says.  
Ken walks over to Mrs. Jones, shakes her hand and says, “Nice to make your acquaintance ma’am.”   
“Mrs. Jones, I am going to do is test the water today, just to get an idea of
what sort of impurities are present.  I know we have a lot of bleach, since that’s what was used to kill the parasite, but I will check the water for other things.  Once it is determined what is in the water supply, I will develop a course of action to be taken on getting your water system back up and running.  This will not cost you a dime, Mrs. Jones.  I am donating my time and the CDC is paying for all of the supplies.”
Mrs. Jones has this look of shock on her face.  She can’t believe that Ken is going to do all of this for her at no cost.  She is very thankful and extends her arms to Ken signaling that she wants to hug him.  He stands up and returns the hug.  Ken, Taylor, and I excuse ourselves and head out to the lab.  Ken needs a sample of the water supply, so we go to the well and pump him out about a gallon.  
He pours some of the water into this cool gadget that looks like a pan flute--lots of clear chambers, all lined up, one right next to the other.  He pulls out a toolbox full of chemicals and starts dropping different drops into each cylinder of water.  Some of the water changes colors, and some don’t.  I have no idea what any of that means, but Ken knows.
“This is good news you guys.  I’m not going to have a problem with her water system.  It is going to be easy to purify, and I should have it done within a week.  Because, so much bleach was used, we will have to wait a while and counteract it with something else.  It is a process, but it can be done.”
That is great news.  I know Mrs. Jones will be glad to hear it.  We decide to go up to the house and deliver the news, and let her know we will be returning to Darwin the next morning.  She is sorry to hear that we are leaving.
“Mrs. Jones,  we’ll call you in a few days to see how everything is going. 
I’ll let you know what’s going on back at the lab in Darwin.  As soon as we have an antidote, Taylor and I will come back and give it to your employees and all of the sheep.  Don’t worry, we won’t forget about you, I promise.”
“She looks at me with that beautiful smile and says, “I know you won’t forget.  Thank you very much for everything.  I really appreciate all you’ve done.”
“It was our pleasure Mrs. Jones,” Taylor says as he shakes her hand.
I reach my arms out for her and give her a big hug.  She hugs me back, tightly.  Not bad for an eighty year old lady, strong like an ox.
Taylor, Matthew, and I get into the truck and make our way back to the hotel.  All of a sudden, just like I had been hit with a bolt of lightning, I stop dead in my tracks, “Taylor, what about the horses?  We didn’t test them and they are drinking from the same water supply.  The sheep and horses have been urinating and defecating all over the land.  Don’t we need to test that too?  If their feces are infected, how are we going to control the parasite in the upper pasture?” I ask in a panic.
“I didn’t think of that, Kobi.  I don’t know.  My job might not be done here after all.”
I get on the phone and give Derrick a call and ask him to get Dane and come back to the station.  I see Derrick and Dane pull up about 30 minutes later.  They both come running up to the truck wondering what in the heck is going on.  
“Derrick, remember yesterday when we were riding up in the meadow and
we commented about the feces being everywhere?”
Immediately, I could see Derrick’s face change, his eyes got bigger, and his mouth opened slightly.  He knew exactly what I was talking about.  
“Derrick, would you and Dane draw blood from the horses please.  I am going to collect a sample of the sheep waste, and get a soil sample from their grazing area.  We may have to call in a hazardous team to decontaminate the entire area.”
Derrick runs back to the truck to gather up needles and supplies he needs to draw blood from the horses.  Matthew quickly jumps into high gear and starts helping get the supplies together.  Dane has the horses in the stable and is numbering them right now.  We are all operating like a well-oiled machine.  Everyone knows what to do without needing to be told what to do.  
Taylor comes back with soil and waste samples as well.  He quickly suits up and checks the samples.   After about 30 minutes, he comes out of the truck and gives me the long face.  The property is infected.  If it is in the soil and the waste, then it is probably in the urine which means it is in the soil—everywhere the sheep have been.
Taylor gets on the phone and calls the CDC office in Perth and orders a decontamination (decon) team to be dispatched immediately to the property for an emergency decon operation.  Taylor asks me to go talk to Mrs. Jones and let her know what all the commotion is.  So, I take a deep breath and make my way back to the house.  She obviously sees me coming and meets me at the door.
“Did you forget something?”
“No Ma’am, but I’m afraid I have more bad news.  I noticed yesterday, when Derrick and I were riding around the area where the sheep graze most of the time, there were a lot of feces from the sheep.”
I could see her sway just a little bit and suggested that she go sit down on the couch.  She looked at me and said, “What about my land?  Is it infected too?”
“Yes ma’am, it is.  Taylor already checked and the parasite is all over the place.  Chances are that the horses are going to be infected as well.  We have already called a decontamination crew to come out here and decontaminate the property.   It will more than likely involve crop dusters spreading bleach throughout the property just like they do with insecticides.  The problem is we do not know how big the parasite circle is.  It may be contained on your property, and then again, it may not.  That will be the decontamination crew’s job to make sure the parasite is destroyed and contained.  I’m so sorry.”
The poor old woman looked as though I had punched her in the gut.   I can only imagine how she must be feeling right now.  So, all the work with the water and the soil earlier was probably a waste of time because if the parasite is all over the property, it will get into the water supply again.  I’m sure Taylor has thought of that and will call Ken and tell him not to do anything right now.  Once the station is clear of the parasite, he will call Ken back.  I excuse myself and walk out of the house to check on Derrick and Dane.
Derrick and Dane are finished drawing blood from the horses.  Luckily, there are only seven horses in the stable.  I decide to suit up and give Taylor a hand checking the samples.  One by one they are checked, and all of them are infected, as expected.  Taylor decides just to keep the horses in the stable and alerts the animal control officers.
“Good call, Kobi.  You may have saved the day here in Australia,” Taylor says as he pats me on the shoulder.  “I should have thought of that.”
“It doesn’t matter.  I just hope the team will be able to get this situation under control.  Do you need us to stay and help you through this, or …” 
Before I can finish my question, Taylor shakes his head no.
“There is nothing else we can do here today.  Matthew and I will be back tomorrow.  The other CDC team is scheduled to arrive at 1:00 p.m.,” Taylor says.   
“Okay, let me go say goodbye to Mrs. Jones,” I say sadly.
I run back to the house and tell her that I will be back soon.  She thanks me for everything and gives me a hug.  I run down the porch stairs and turn to wave again.  She is crying and waving.  “Bye,” I tell her.
“Taylor, are you sure you don’t want the three of us to stay here with you?”
“No, Kobi.  There really isn’t anything else you can do.  The work that needs to be done now is strictly decontamination procedures.  You did what you came here to do.  I know what the parasite looks like and can take it from here.  You were extremely helpful and I appreciate your input and time so much.  That goes for you two guys in the back as well.  I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“No problem, Taylor.”  We will surely keep you posted on the progress from Darwin.  We are going to drive back to Perth tonight.  Do you mind if we take the SUV and leave the truck with you and Matthew?”
“No, not at all.  Just leave the keys with the front desk attendant at your hotel when you leave.  Feel free to use it tonight if you want to.  We will pick it up when we return.”
“Thanks Taylor, we really appreciate that.  I’ll see you soon, hopefully with the antidote”
Derrick, Dane, and I quickly go to our rooms and get everything packed up.  It is about 2:00 p.m. when we finally get on the road headed back to Perth.  I decided to give Geoff a call and fill him in on the last development at the station, plus, I really want to know what’s going on back at the lab.  
Geoff takes the news well and is looking forward to our returning to Darwin.  He did have a little good news.  One of the drugs, Pravastatin, was dissolved in saline solution and added to blood that was infected with the parasite.  After about an hour, the parasite stopped moving; it wasn’t destroyed, but it was rendered docile.  So, they are making progress there.
We pull up to the hotel about 5:30 and check in.  I immediately give Henderson a call to let him know that we have arrived.  
“Hey Henderson, we are here.  Do you want to meet us in the lobby at 7:00 p.m. for dinner?”
“Absolutely!”
“Great.  We’ll see you then.”
Derrick tells me to get cleaned up first.  He has an errand to run.  So, I get cleaned up and decide to make myself extra pretty tonight.  I pull out the only sexy thing I packed and put it on.  It is a sleeveless, black, spandex dress that fits me like a glove.   I am putting on my shoes when I hear a click, and in walks Derrick.
He has a little bag in his hand.  I walk out of the bathroom and ask, “Is that for me?”
“Yes, it is.”
I slowly open the bag and see a box inside the bag.  I take the box out, open it, and see a beautiful locket with a chain.  It is an oval L’Amour locket, 9ct yellow gold necklace.   He takes the locket and secures it around my neck.  
“Thank you.”
“I just want to say--I love you, Kobi.”
“I love you too.” 
Derrick gets cleaned up and on our way downstairs, we knock on Dane’s door.  We all head down to the lobby and see Henderson waiting on the couch. 
“Wow, Kobi, you look amazing.
“Thanks!”
“So, what do you guys feel like eating for dinner?”  Henderson asks.
Dane says, “Meat.  I want meat.”
“Let’s ask the concierge if there is a good restaurant nearby,” Derrick suggests.  
So we make our way to the concierge desk and ask if he knows a place where we can get a variety of foods.  He suggests the Old Brewery.  He gives us directions and we make our way through town to the place.  
Once we arrive at the restaurant, we are impressed; it is a classy, beautiful place.  We are seated at a table and handed a menu.  This is the biggest menu I have ever seen.  It takes me almost 15 minutes to look at everything on the menu before I make up my mind.  Derrick and I have decided to share the Grass and Grain fed Black Angus one kg bone-in Roasted Sirloin.  Dane is having a double Wagyu Burger, and Henderson is having the Eight Rib Rack of Lamb.  We seal the order with a nice bottle of wine, a 1997 Peter Rumball, from Coonawarra SA.
The wine arrives within a minute or two.  Henderson volunteers to be the wine taster and deems it fit for our consumption.  Fit is an understatement.  The wine is exquisite and hearty.  Dinner arrives some time later and looks delicious.  We enjoy the dinner and conversation very much.  So much, in fact, that 10:00 p.m. on my watch seems impossible.  
We tell everyone good night, and agree to meet in the morning for breakfast.  


Chapter 24

Day 22
As we are walking in the front entrance of the restaurant for breakfast, I hear, “Hey Kobi, over here.”  I look in the general direction of the voice and see Henderson already sitting at a table.  The three of us walk over and have a seat.  
“Good morning, Henderson.  How are you this morning?” I ask.
“I’m great.  How are you guys?
“We are doing fine.  How is the weather looking for the flight today?” Dane inquires.
“The weather is clear the whole way.  Just a little clear air turbulence forecast at the higher altitudes.  Other than that, it should be smooth flying.”
“Sounds good,” I say.
Deciding what to eat for breakfast isn’t easy this morning.  The menu has too many options.  I am looking at the French toast plate, with eggs and bacon.  But then I see out the corner of my eye, a pecan waffle, like the one we have at this great waffle house near St. Louis.  That’s the winner right there.  I am going to get a pecan waffle with bacon and eggs.  I also want a glass of chocolate milk and a cup of coffee.
“Wow, I’m surprised you can eat that much after the large dinner we had last night,” Henderson says.
“Watch me,” I say smiling.
“So what time are we planning to takeoff?” I ask.
“I’m going to flight plan us for a 10:00 a.m. takeoff.  Since the forecast is for moderate to severe clear air turbulence at all altitudes above FL 330, we will be flying at FL330 (33,000 feet) today.   I’ve been in moderate turbulence before and it is not my idea of a party."
After breakfast, we head back to the hotel, get our bags, and check out.  There is a shuttle bus in front of the hotel waiting to take us to the airport, so we will leave the keys to the car with the front desk attendant.  All of the suitcases are loaded in the van and we are off to the airport.  The van pulls up in front of the General Aviation building.  The driver gets out and helps us unload the suitcases and wishes us a safe flight.
Henderson is inside activating his flight plan and paying for the fuel and hangar expenses.  He comes outside about 30 minutes later and tells us that we are good to go.  The lineman is pulling the airplane out of the hangar and will be parking it right here in front of the building.   He stops there, hops off, disconnects the tow bar, and moves the vehicle out of the way.  Then, he pulls out this rolled up red carpet and places it in front of the plane entrance, and rolls it all the way back to the front of the building where we are standing.  That is service.  How come they don’t roll out the red carpet for me at home when I pull up in my Cessna 172?
We load the luggage into the airplane and secure the compartment doors.  I immediately yell, “Shotgun!”  Everyone knows what that means.  It means I get to ride right seat in the cockpit.  Henderson just smiles and asks me if I want to work the radios today.  
“Duuhh!” I say.
We pile into the jet and Henderson asks me to call for engine start.
“Perth Ground, Victor-Hotel-Charlie-Delta-Charlie starting engines.”
“Roger, copy, Charlie-Delta-Charlie.”
Henderson starts the engines.  “Kobi, request taxi and clearance.”
“Perth Ground, Charlie-Delta-Charlie requests taxi and clearance.”
“Roger, cleared to taxi to Runway 21.  Advise when ready to copy.”
“Ready to copy.”  They give me our clearance for the flight to Darwin.  I read it back to make sure I have copied it correctly.
Henderson starts his taxi to Runway 21.  He is performing his taxi checklist and making sure the other instruments are set up for departure.   When we get to the hold line, we stop, and ground control tells us to contact Perth Tower for departure.
“Charlie-Delta-Charlie copies, switching to tower… Perth Tower, Charlie-Delta-Charlie ready for departure,” I say
“Copy Charlie-Delta-Charlie, taxi into position and hold.”
“Roger, on to hold,” I reply.
Henderson lines up the aircraft with the centerline and applies the brakes.  The tower clears us for takeoff.  Henderson gradually adds power and starts to accelerate down the runway.  This is a long runway, almost 12,000 feet.  Obviously, we don’t need that much runway, but I bet the heavy, big boys do when they take off.
Henderson pulls back on the yoke and we are airborne.  He signals me to raise the gear handle.
“Gear up and locked,” I say enthusiastically.  
As we accelerate, he calls for the flaps up.  I lift the flap handle and place it in the zero degree position.
“Charlie-Delta-Charlie, contact departure,” the tower says.
“Perth Departure, Charlie-Delta-Charlie, with you climbing to 8000 ft.”
“Copy, you are cleared to FL 330.”
“Roger, cleared to FL330,” I respond.  We continue to fly the departure as directed.  This baby just about flies itself.  What an amazing aircraft.  Once we get to  FL330, I squeeze off a call to departure letting them know we are level at FL330.  They pass me off to another controller on another frequency. 
“You worked those radios like a pro, Kobi.”
“Thanks.  Procedurally, it’s all the same, no matter how big or small the aircraft.  I am having a little trouble with the controllers’ accent.  I’m sure they have to listen to me carefully as well.  You were right about the weather; it is absolutely beautiful up here today.  Look at that blue.  I think it’s the bluest blue I have ever seen.”
“So, Kobi, you haven’t talked much about what happened at the station.  I 
take it the news is not good.”
I proceed to tell him everything that has happened, and he looks really bummed out.  “I feel sorry for her.  So, once they find a cure, will you be flying back to Perth with the antidote?”
“I would like to do that, but that decision will be Geoff’s.  I told Mrs. Jones that I would keep in touch with her, and if Geoff will let me, I will go back.  Are you the only pilot the CDC has?”
“No, they have an entire Aviation Department with a couple of jets just like this one.  So, if you are going to fly back to Perth, ask Geoff to request me.  I’d love to fly you guys back there.”
“Thanks Henderson; that would be awesome. Do you want anything from the back?  I am going to grab a soda.
“No, I’m good, thanks.”
I unbuckle my seatbelt and make my way back to the mini-fridge.  There is a Coke.  Perfect.  On my way back to the cockpit, a sudden gust of wind hits the plane and knocks me into the ceiling.
“Ouch.”
I climb back into the cockpit and say, “What was that?”
Obviously, I knew what it was--a sudden burst of turbulence.  It was a rhetorical question.  I get myself strapped back into the seat and say to Henderson, “That was a bit unexpected, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah, it was.  Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.  My head became one with the ceiling for a second, but no harm
was done.  I told the guys to keep their seat belts on in case we hit any more air pockets.  I don’t want to have to go back there and scrape them off the ceiling.”
“Good thinking.”
I am looking out of the window at the ground, amazed at how desolate it is down there.  I don’t see a town anywhere.  I imagine the only things living out there are the dingoes, kangaroos, and the locals.  I am visually glued to the ground when a voice on the radio catches my attention.  
It is Melbourne Center asking me to contact Brisbane Center on the radio.  “Roger, Charlie-Delta-Charlie copy all.”
I switch the frequency on the radio and check in with Brisbane.  We should be landing in Darwin in about an hour and forty-five minutes.  Suddenly, with no warning at all, the plane violently descends.  I see the altimeter dropping rapidly.  Then the airplane is going up again.  Imagine a model airplane, if you will.  You are holding this model airplane between your fingers, going up and down with it rapidly.  That’s what it feels like inside the airplane.  The jarring is so intense that my teeth are being slammed together.  Henderson is doing everything he can do to maintain control, but we are being forced down towards the earth extremely fast.  
This must be the clear air turbulence the weather station warned him about.  It has been known to bring down an airliner before.  I just hope he can regain control of the airplane before that happens.  I see Henderson fighting with the controls, just trying to hang on to the airplane, but he is having a very difficult time.  No one is saying a word; I’m not sure if I am breathing right now.  All I can hear is my heart beating loudly in my ears.  It’s like being on a fierce amusement
ride that never ends, thousands of feet off the ground. 
I manage to catch a glimpse of the altimeter, and we are passing 31,000 feet and still descending.   It’s hard to read the flight instruments because the bouncing is so severe.  Henderson asks me to squeeze off a call to center, so I press the microphone button and say, “Brisbane Center, this is Victor-Hotel-Charlie-Delta-Charlie, we are experiencing severe turbulence and are unable to maintain altitude.  Be advised we will contact you once we regain level flight.”  I am having a hard time holding the microphone button because of the severe jolting of the aircraft.  There is no response.  I try again.  Still, no response.
“Henderson, there is no response from Brisbane Center. “
“Okay, keep trying please.”
After a few minutes, the bouncing stops and we are in control again. That was the most intense experience I have ever had.  I glance over at Henderson, and he is sweating, and he’s not smiling.  We are at 28,000 feet, but something is wrong with the airplane.  
“The airplane feels strange.  Something isn’t right, Kobi.  I feel it.”  Henderson barely has a chance to finish his sentence when there is a loud bang, almost like an explosion, inside the airplane.  There is a dense mist filling the air.  Henderson yells at me to put on my oxygen mask.  I reach back behind the co-pilot’s seat and grab a quick-don mask hanging on the side of the bulkhead.  I put the contraption on and turn the oxygen lever to the ON position.  Henderson asks me to hold the yoke for a minute so he can put his oxygen on as well.
Henderson starts a rapid descent, because he is trying to get to an altitude where Derrick and Dane won’t need oxygen.  Up here, at altitude, lack of oxygen can cause hypoxia.  Basically, your body is being deprived of oxygen when you are hypoxic.  The only maneuver that can be done in a pressurized aircraft is called a rapid descent.  This is a forceful maneuver where the pilot forces the aircraft down to a lower altitude in a very aggressive manner.  
While Henderson is descending, he says, “The turbulence we encountered must have overstressed the aircraft beyond its limits causing something structurally to give way, maybe a stress fracture, aggravated by the turbulence.   The elevator feels heavy, very heavy.”
He descends the airplane until we reach an altitude of 10,000 feet.  The passengers are able to get adequate oxygen at this altitude, so Henderson starts to add power and pull back on the yoke to level it off.  I look at the altimeter and we are passing through 10,000 feet.  He can’t level it off.  Both of us remove our oxygen masks.
“Henderson, what’s wrong?”
“I don’t know, I can’t pull back on the yoke, it’s stuck.  I can’t pull or push it.  Something is jamming the controls.  Pull, Kobi, see if we can break it loose.”
Nothing happens.  We are still descending and there is nothing we can do about it.  I look back at Derrick and Dane and tell them to brace for impact.  Henderson gets on the radio.
“Brisbane Center, this is Victor-Hotel-Charlie-Delta-Charlie. We have experienced a rapid, possibly an explosive decompression and have made an emergency descent to 10,000 feet but are unable to maintain altitude due to a jammed stabilizer. We are declaring an emergency at this time.”
There is no response.  “We are unable to maintain level flight and will be forced to set her down.  Brisbane, do you copy?”
Still, no response.
Hearing Henderson say those words sends shivers up and down my spine.
We are passing through 5000 feet.  Henderson asks me to start looking outside for
a place to land.  The landscape looks rough from up here, which could cause a problem for landing.  It isn’t nice and flat like a runway.  I am looking in all directions, hoping to find a small town, or for that matter, anything that is green.  All I see is desert.    I can’t believe this is happening.  We are going to crash in the Outback. 
“Kobi, set the Emergency frequency and declare an emergency for me please.”
I make the radio call and set the transponder to the emergency code.
“Henderson, I don’t see anything.  Do you see anything out of your window?”
“No, I don’t see anything either, but we really don’t have a choice, because I can’t control the up or down movement.  Just below us is a relatively flat piece where I can set her down.  It’s not very big, but it’s the only spot I see.  I am going to circle it once and try to roll the airplane out on final.  Here goes.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Go ahead and put the flaps to 20 degrees.”
“Check.”  Now he is slowing the airplane down so the gear can be put down.
“Gear down,” he yells.
“Gear down and locked.”
He is rolling the aircraft level, and all I see straight ahead is a bunch of rocks and uneven landscape.  It’s about as flat as it will get out here.  We are descending at a rate of 200 feet per minute now.  That doesn’t sound like much, but when you impact at that rate, it is very significant.  We are 500 feet above the ground, 400 feet, 300 feet, 200 feet—brace for impact—100 feet, and then BAM!
We hit with such force, I think I am three inches shorter.  One of the landing gear breaks because the right wingtip is dragging the ground causing a violent yaw and then…


Chapter 25

I feel someone shaking my shoulder from behind.  “Kobi, Kobi, get up.  We have to get out.  I lift my head and look around, dazed and disconnected.  
“Derrick?  Derrick?  Where are you?”
“I’m right here, Sweetheart.  Are you okay?”
“I think so.  Are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine.  Come on, we have to get out of here.  We are leaking fuel and I smell smoke.”
“Okay, I’m coming.”  I go to unbuckle my seatbelt and realize I can’t lift my right hand.  I look down at the wrist and see a big bump and a lot of bruising already.  I think it is broken.  I use my left hand and cup the wrist and hand so I can lift it.  I am lucky to have a button up shirt on today, so I tuck my arm inside my shirt and use it like a make-shift sling.  
Henderson is slumped over the yoke.  I place my left hand on his shoulder and give him a little shake.  “Henderson?” I shake him again and he regains consciousness.   He has a nasty gouge on his head, just above the right eye and it is bleeding badly.
“Come on man, we have to get out of here.”
We both climb out of the cockpit and make our way to the exit.  The tail section, just aft of the bathroom, is gone.  It ripped off during the crash and is a couple of hundred feet back.  Derrick is at the entrance waiting for both of us.  He sees the blood on Henderson’s head and immediately tears off a piece of his shirt and places it on the wound.  
“Here, hold this on the cut and apply pressure to stop the bleeding,” Derrick insists.  “Kobi, what’s wrong with your arm?”
“I think I broke my wrist.  I’ll show you later.”
Derrick, Henderson and I exit the airplane and get to a safe distance before I realize that Dane isn’t with us.
“Derrick, where is Dane?”
“He went back into the airplane to salvage any supplies he can find.  We need water and the first aid kit.  He thought it was worth the risk, going back in.  He’ll be okay.  Don’t worry.”
I squint at the plane and see Dane inside throwing stuff into a bag.  “Hurry up Dane, there is a gas leak.”  I see flames under the left wing so I start screaming at Dane.  “Get out!  There is a fire!”
Dane grabs the first aid kit, and is exiting the aircraft when it explodes.
The force of the explosion hurls Dane about 50 feet in the air.  Dane is on fire and lying on the ground, face down.  I feel the blast from way over here.  Derrick runs over to Dane and extinguishes the flames with his hands.  He rolls Dane over and checks for a pulse.  He’s alive!  Derrick picks up Dane and carries him over to where we are sitting.  Dane’s face and arms have been burned, but I think he is going to be okay.
Henderson is looking at the wreckage, watching the plane burn, when he mumbles, “I’m so sorry.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Derrick says.  “We are all alive because of you.  Thank you!”
We are very lucky indeed.  Henderson has a head injury, I have probably broken my wrist, and Dane has some burns on his face and arms.  As far as I can tell, Derrick is fine.  No one has a life-threatening injury, which is amazing after what just happened.
The four of us stand up and survey the land.  Dane is looking for any landmark that might provide him with a clue as to where we are.  The landscape is a burst sienna color speckled with dots of yellow with little short, stubby bushes as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance, I see a dark purple range of hills or mountains.  Not sure which.  It is dry and vast.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
It is about 12:30 p.m. and getting very hot.  Derrick gets the bag that Dane was filling up in the plane and sits down.
“Now, what do we have here?”  He starts taking everything out of the bag.  “It looks like we have 13 bottles of water, a few sodas, some juice boxes, and a dozen bags of peanuts.  I also found an apple and two oranges in the mini-fridge.  Not bad.”
Henderson punches Dane on the arm and says, “Thanks for getting the supplies and the first aid kit out of the wreckage.  You are a brave man.”
“I second that!” I say as I thrust my good hand up in the air.
Dane is very humble and not making a big deal about his act of valor.  He is sitting up now, and I can clearly see the burns on his face.  Dane is a tough cookie, as my mom use to say; he is tough as nails.  The burns appear to be flash burns, not as bad as we initially thought.  Derrick hands everyone a bottle of water.  Dane opens up the first aid kit to take inventory.  It is a fully stocked kit and has just about everything we need.
Henderson’s head needs stitches, and the only item in the kit we can use are some butterfly stitches.  Dane removes a few from the package and walks over to Henderson.  He uses a little of his water on a piece or gauze and cleans the wound.  It is bleeding badly.  Dane puts a small amount of the ointment on the wound and uses the butterfly stitches to close the gash.  He gets a fresh gauze pad and cleans his head again.  The bleeding is almost completely stopped.  He takes a little more ointment and spreads it on the wound, and then tapes a clean gauze pad on top.  
“Good as new, Buddy,” Dane says with a smile.
“Thanks Dane, I appreciate that very much.” 
“I am going to run to the tail section and salvage anything out of our luggage I can find.  I’ll be right back,” Henderson says.
“Hang on Henderson, I’ll come with you.”
Derrick and Henderson start walking back to the tail section.  Within a few minutes, I see Derrick coming out of the tail with one of my suitcases.  He and Henderson are bringing all the bags out and piling them up close to where we are sitting.  I am looking around, hoping to find an area that has a little shade, and there is none in sight.  It is hot!  I take a long swig of my water and look over to where Derrick is putting the luggage.
Dane comes up to me and says, “Let me take a look at that arm.”
I pull my arm out of my shirt very slowly and hold it out for Dane to see.  
“Crickey, Kobi, that looks bad.  Judging by the redness and bruising around this area that is swollen, I think that wrist is broken.  Hang on a minute.  I am going to search through the suitcases for something I can use to make you a sling.  I’ll be right back.”
Henderson comes back for his water bottle and I ask, “How is your head?”
“I have a headache, but other than that I feel fine.  How about you?”
“I’m fine, just broke my wrist, that all.  How long before they start looking for us.”
“I don’t know.  I wasn’t able to establish radio contact with the center before we crashed, so I can’t say for sure.  I’m sure they are organizing a search and rescue team right now.”
Dane comes back with a piece of the airplane and a couple of his shirts.  “I found this little piece of the airplane hanging off of the tail section that I am going to use as a board for your arm.”
Dane has a little trim tab from the stabilizer, which will work perfectly.  First, he wraps the tab with a shirt so it has a little cushion to it, then he wraps my arm.  Next, he places my arm on the tab so my fingers are hanging off the edge in front.  Then, he takes a shirt, which he has ripped into strips, and secures the tab to my arm.  He wraps and wraps my arm giving it plenty of cushion in case it gets bumped.  Finally, he has made a sling out of one of Derrick’s button up shirts.  He puts the shirt around my arm and ties it at the back of my neck.  A few more tucks and folds, and it’s perfect.
“I know it hurts, Kobi, but does that feel secure?”
“Yes, it does, Dane.  Thank you so much.  I am so glad you are here.  I don’t know what we would do without you.”  He just smiles at me. 
“Now, let me take a look at your face, Dane.  Is there any burn ointment in
the first aid kit?”
“Yes, there is a tube right here.”  He hands me the tube. 
“Dane, you need to get a soft cloth out of the suitcase and clean your face off, if you can.  It is filthy after your face got planted in the dirt earlier.”
He comes back with a towel, takes a little of the water from his bottle, and gently wipes the dirt off his face.  It is as clean as it is going to get under the circumstances.  I use my left hand and carefully rub the ointment all over his face.  His eyebrows and eyelashes have been singed, but he doesn’t have any major blistering yet.    
Derrick and Henderson have all the bags out of the airplane and are starting to look through them for any items we can use.  Dane goes over to give them a hand.  Dane immediately goes to his suitcase and pulls out a big knife.  That might come in handy later.   I know I have a couple of packages of trail mix in my suitcase.  I always have trail mix.  Derrick puts the items into a backpack and walks over to where I am sitting.  
“How are you feeling, Baby?”
“I’m okay.  What’s in the bag?”
“Well, I found some trail mix, some disinfectant wipes, a bag of jelly beans, a half bottle of Scotch, a sewing kit, and your hat.”
“I’m so glad you found my hat.”  I put it on immediately because the sun is burning my head.  “The Scotch will be useful as a sterilizer, if we need one.  Maybe we should all have a change of clothes too.”
“Good idea.  I’ll be right back.”
“Baby, we need to find some shelter.”
“I know.  But we should stay close to the airplane, right?”
“Yeah, that’s the first place that search and rescue will be looking, but it might take them days to get here.  Henderson wasn’t able to establish radio contact, so the controller may not know we have crashed.  When they don’t see our transponder bleep on the radar screen any more, they will figure out that we have crashed.  Hopefully, they will pick up the Emergency Locator Transmitter, if it works.”
“I wonder if my cell phone works.” Henderson says.  He gets his phone out of his pocket and of course, we have no service.  I check my phone and it shows the same thing. 
“What are we going to do?” I ask.
Dane interjects, “Let’s not make any decisions right now.  In a survival situation, the first thing you need to do is get to a safe location.  Second, tend to the wounded and other priorities.  Third, think about shelter. Fourth, drink fluids and stay hydrated. Fifth, eat and rest, especially in the heat of the day.  So far, we are doing great.”
Dane tells everyone to drink at least half of their water bottle, and rest for a while.  Derrick is looking through all of the suitcases searching for something like a blanket we can use to shelter us from the hot, midday sun.  Unfortunately, there is nothing like that in any of the suitcases.  The hull of the airplane is unusable as well, because it has been burned.  The tail section is not large enough, so we are forced to seek shelter elsewhere.  Maybe we can tie up a bunch of shirts and make a cover at least to protect us from the hot sun.
Henderson advises us that we should really stay with the aircraft, because that is the first place the rescue team is going to look--if there is a rescue team.  After talking about it for a few minutes, we agree to stay with the wreckage until the morning. If no one has come looking for us by then, we’ll start looking for a better place.  Dane and Derrick decide to walk around and collect as much firewood as they can find.  We want to have a big fire going tonight for two reasons.  First of all, it can be seen for miles and miles, and we definitely want to be seen right now.  Secondly, a big, roaring fire will deter predators, should any decide to stop by for a midnight snack.
Henderson has volunteered to build a fire pit.  He begins by digging a hole approximately six inches deep and two feet in diameter.  He lines the hole with rocks and begins to stack the rocks around the hole in a circle.  After the fire pit is finished, it has probably a one foot wall of rocks around it.  I have taken the clothes from the suitcases and laid them out on the ground, which gives us a little bit of cushion for sitting and sleeping.  I wish I could help more, but my wrist is hurting, and I can see my fingertips turning a bluish-black color now.  
Derrick and Dane are back, each with a huge armful of wood.  They walk over to the fire pit and drop the wood just next to the rocks.
“Nice pit, Henderson,” Dane raves, as he starts to stack the wood inside the pit to be burned.  “I need to find some kindling to put under the wood, something small and dry.”
“That shouldn’t be a problem out here,” Derrick jokes.
“Hey, catch that tumble weed right there, Derrick.  We can break that into pieces and use it for kindling.  Henderson, where did you learn to make such a nice fire pit?  This is awesome!”
“Thanks.  I went to survival school a long time ago when I was a Lieutenant in the Guard, and thought I had forgotten most of what I learned.  I’m surprised how quickly it is all starting to flood my memory again.  Sometimes out here in the Outback it can get windy, so having a wall of rock around the fire helps to protect the flame.”
“It looks like you have this fire building under control, so Derrick and I are going to hunt for food,” Dane announces.
Food, what food can they find out here in this environment?  Maybe a lizard, or a snake.  I have a feeling dinner is going to be something unique tonight, to say the least.   The pain in my wrist is getting worse, so I grab the first aid kit, hoping that there is a bottle of aspirin that I can use.  As luck would have it, there is a bottle of aspirin.  The dosage calls for two tablets, but I am going to take four so I can get the pain reliever into my system.  I don’t know if the aspirin is going to help at all, but it is worth a try.  I ask Henderson if he needs any for his head, and he nods no.
“My head is actually starting to feel a lot better.  I have a mild headache, but not bad enough to take those.  If anyone needs those, it’s you, Kobi.  I’m worried about you.”
“Thanks, Henderson, but don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine.  That’s a nice fire you have going there, but why is it so big?  It’s hot as hell right now.”
“If someone is trying to find us, maybe they will see the smoke, plus we will have good coals for tonight’s fire.”
“Good thinking.  The pain must be affecting my logic.”  Henderson chuckles and keeps working on the fire.  We are going to need more wood if we are going to keep the fire burning like that all night, so Henderson starts looking for more.


Chapter 26

Derrick and Dane are back now with two long lizards on a stick.  I guess
that’s dinner.  “What do you have there, Dane?” I inquire.
Dane states, “These are Blue-tongued lizards.  They are very easy to catch and will provide us with some much needed protein tonight.  I hate to catch and kill these friendly creatures, but we are in survival mode and need a food source.  I’m going to clean these guys way over there, because I don’t want the smell of their insides attracting any unwanted visitors later on tonight.  I’ll be right back.”
Dane puts the stick of lizards over his shoulder and heads away from the camp.  Derrick comments on how easy the lizards were to catch, and how calm they were while he was holding them.  “What an awesome pet these lizards would make if we weren’t trying to eat them to survive,” he comments.  He’s such a Zoologist!
Henderson comes back with an armful of wood and drops it next to the fire.  He takes a swig of water and suddenly remembers that located in the back of the tail section is a small compartment that contains a desert survival kit.
 “The company decided to equip all of the airplanes with a mini-desert survival kit, since we fly back and forth to Perth.  I totally forgot it was back there.  Hang on, I’ll be right back.”
Henderson gets up and walks to the tail section of the airplane, retrieves an orange duffel bag and brings it back to the fire.  He opens the bag and removes its contents:
Knife
Condoms, for water storage
Signal mirror
50 feet of heavy cord
A space blanket
Flint and steel
Sunblock 50
Transpiration Bag and some water purification tablets
Compass
Immediately, Derrick realizes that the space blanket can be used to provide much needed shade.   All he needs is to find some sticks to use as stakes.  He holds up the blanket, and I am surprised to see it is quite large.  If it can be staked and used as a canopy of some kind, it will really help with the heat factor.  Dane has finished cleaning the lizards and is pleased to see the survival kit Henderson found.  Dane and Derrick drink some water and start looking for the sticks they need to secure the blanket.  
Henderson gets the sunblock out of the bag and tells me to put some on my arms and face.  He needs to put some on, as well.  Located in the bottom of the duffel bag is a small booklet with some instructions for desert survival.  Here are a few things the booklet recommends:  First rule of thumb, find shelter.  Okay, we don’t have any of that.  Cover as much of your exposed skin as you can.  Don’t travel during the day, because it is difficult to keep yourself hydrated, especially if you don’t have a lot of water.  If you must leave your vehicle (plane), travel only at night when it is cooler.  That makes sense.  
We are in a predicament here because we have no shelter, and we don’t want to leave the plane.  Do we stay by the plane and hope to be rescued, or do we leave the plane and seek shelter?   Henderson really thinks we will be rescued, but admits if no one has found us within the first 24 hours, it could take days, because that would indicate that the emergency locating equipment on board the aircraft is inoperative.  We will sit around the fire tonight and discuss our options, whether we should stay or leave the aircraft; the pros and cons.
Derrick and Dane come back with some sticks and start securing the blanket with the cord that was in the kit.  Henderson and I grab some of the clothes we have been sitting on and place them under the blanket canopy.  The four of us decide to rest for a while, so we all crowd in under the canopy, and what a difference this blanket makes.  It is so much cooler under this thing.  
“Everybody take out your water bottle and drink some water.  We need to stay hydrated, especially right now, in the beginning,” Dane insists.  “I’ve been doing some thinking this afternoon, and I think we should stick around the airplane until tomorrow evening, like Henderson suggested.  If no one has come by the time the sun sets, we should leave the crash site and head north.  Eventually, we will hit the coast.”
Derrick, Henderson, and I look at each other and unanimously agree with Dane’s suggestion.  I just wish we knew where we were.  There were some maps in the front of the airplane, but the fire has completely destroyed them, I’m sure.   After resting a couple of hours, Dane sits up and suggests that we cook the lizards and eat supper.  We all agree, so he skewers the lizards and places them directly over the fire.   Derrick takes the pocket knife and cuts up the apple, and peels an orange.   I have laid out a clean shirt under the blanket to use as a table for our supper.  We have nine bottles of water, five juice boxes, and two sodas left for drinking.  We will use the jelly beans, trail mix, and peanuts when we need to travel, if we are forced to abandon the aircraft.
The lizards are finished cooking and Dane starts removing the meat from the bones.  I am really surprised how much meat he is able to get off of one lizard.  The meat is in a big pile on the shirt next to the fruit.  We decide to have a juice box each with the meal.  I reluctantly take a bite of the lizard expecting it to taste awful, but much to my surprise, it is quite tasty.  I take my portion of the meat and fruit and sit down by Derrick.  
Henderson takes a bite of the lizard and says, “It tastes like chicken.”  Then he starts laughing.
“What are you laughing at Henderson?” I ask.
“On survival, everything tastes like chicken.  It’s kind of a joke.”
The sun is just starting to dip down below the horizon as night falls upon us.  Henderson puts some more wood on the fire, and we decide to come out from under the blanket and sit a little closer to the fire and talk.  Dane starts to talk about what he thinks the plan should be for tomorrow.
“The first thing I am going to do in the morning is find us some water.  If we are going to leave here tomorrow night, I would like to leave with all of the water bottles full.  If I can find a creek bed, I can probably find water.  Even if it appears to be dried up, if you dig deep enough, sometimes you get lucky and find water.  Derrick, you coming with me?” 
“Of course!”


Chapter 27

The sun has completely disappeared now, and there is just a little light left in the sky.   It is a beautiful night.  The temperature is starting to cool off, and the night air is clean and crisp.  Under different circumstances, this would be considered the perfect night.  The four of us, sitting around a fire enjoying the warmth, staring at the flames.  That could be on a postcard.  The night is quiet, very quiet, so I suggest we have a little story telling.
“Hey, Henderson, tell us about some of the cool places you went to when you were in the Armed Forces,” I request.
“Okay, sure!  Let me think.”  He squints his eyes and slowly rolls them from side to side, obviously thinking very hard.  “I don’t want to bore you with all of the places I have been, but I do recall a trip I made to Thailand back in 1989.  I was a Captain at the time, and a Navigator on a KC-135.”
“What’s a KC-135?” Dane asks suddenly.
“It’s a big four engine jet aircraft that is used to refuel other aircraft while airborne.  People call it the gas station in the sky.  In the back of the airplane is a boom, which is used to transfer the fuel from one aircraft to another.  The boom operator gently lowers the boom and inserts the end into a receptacle located on the receiver’s aircraft.  Once the connection is made and locked, the boom operator says, “contact”.  This is the signal for the pilot to start pumping gas.   The KC-145 can hold about 180,000 pounds of gas.
“During the Gulf War, we used to ferry F-16’s across the Atlantic Ocean.  Their fuel tanks didn’t hold enough gas for them to make it without landing several times.   They would fly in formation with us until they needed gas, and then they would fly alongside of the cockpit and give the drink signal to the pilot.  The boom operator would run to the back, get in position, and clear the receiver in for contact.  The fighter would ease back to the rear of the aircraft, and get into position to receive the fuel transfer.  There were usually six fighters flying with us when we crossed the ocean and they would take fuel hourly.  The KC-135 can refuel just about any kind of airplane you can think of that is still flying today.”
“Oh, that is so cool.  I interrupted you, I’m sorry.  Please go on with your story,” Dane says.
“Oh, that’s okay.  I love talking about airplanes.  So, we were doing a tour in the Pacific and had made our rounds from Hawaii to Guam, to Kadena in Japan, and eventually to Thailand.   We were hauling a couple of F-16’s across the ocean from Guam to Thailand.  The fighters went to Bangkok, and we landed at Pattaya Beach in the southern part of the country.  They lodged us at this gorgeous five-star hotel right on the water.
“After we stowed all of our gear in the rooms, we changed and met in the lobby.  We wanted to experience some of the culture before it got dark, because we were told by our intelligence officers to stay off the streets at night.  It can be a very dangerous place if you are on the wrong street after dark.  So, we headed down to the shops located all along the ocean.  We decided to stop and have dinner at this restaurant that specialized in American and Thai cuisine.  The four of us decided to order two American dishes and two Thai dishes and share.  So, I ordered the Chateaubriand, a fancy word for filet mignon, and one of the other guys ordered seafood soup.  
“I can’t remember exactly what else we had, but those two dishes I remember.  When the steak arrived, it didn’t look like any beef I had ever seen.  It was a funny brownish-gray color and had a lot of gristle.  I took a bite of it, and it definitely wasn’t beef.  I really don’t know what it was, maybe dog or something.  It was gross.  The seafood soup had octopus tentacles hanging out the side of the bowl, and being a Detroit native, that didn’t appeal to me at all.   So, I ate the bread and called it a day.  On the way back to the hotel, I was surprised at the number of women soliciting sex on the streets.  They were especially interested in me.  One woman spotted me and hollered, ‘Hey, chocolate man, I bet you taste sweet’.  I guess they had never seen a handsome black man like me before, and thought I would taste like chocolate, I don’t know.  My crew and I laughed about that for hours.  Needless to say, I got the nickname Chocolate man for the rest of the trip.  I didn’t mind it so much, but told them once we got home, it was back to Henderson.”
“Henderson, that’s a funny story.  It’s amazing how different the cultures can be from country to country,” I say. “If you said something like that on the streets in America, you’d probably get punched in the face.  The way she said it sounded like a compliment to me.”
“Yeah, that’s how I took it.  Kobi, do you have any stories?”
“Yeah, I have a few.  I remember when I was about 13 years old, my Mom and Dad decided to go to Egypt that year.  My Mom was an amateur Egyptologist and really wanted to visit the country she loved to study, so Dad decided to take four weeks off one summer and go.   We landed in Cairo and took a taxi to the Nile Hilton, in the downtown area, right next to the Nile River.  It was the most beautiful hotel I had ever seen.  
“We wanted to do a lot of sightseeing, of course, so the Hilton recommended a guide for us to use.  His name was Ahmed, and he was from a traditional Muslim family, who lived right behind the pyramids at Giza.  We met him that evening in the Hilton’s restaurant for dinner and told him the places we wanted to visit.  He asked us to meet him the next morning in the lobby, and he would take care of everything.  
“The next morning we were in the lobby sharply at 7:00 a.m. as requested.  He showed up a few minutes later, and had arranged a car to shuttle us to the Pyramids at Giza.  His younger brother, Frank, was waiting for us at the base of the pyramids with a couple of Arabian horses.  He asked my father if it would be okay to take me horseback riding through the desert around the pyramids and the surrounding areas.  My Dad didn’t object at all.  I didn’t mind either, because Frank was cute!  So there I was riding horses through the desert with a handsome Egyptian, just like in the movies.  
“Later on that evening, his family invited us over to their house for dinner.  This was a traditional Muslim family, and the mother was not very fond of Americans, but she welcomed us into her home.  She soon realized that we were not like most Americans and grew to love us.  They prepared a feast for us compete with pigeons and a variety of vegetable dishes.  There was bread, of course, and a few other things that I didn’t recognize.  There was this bowl of oily liquid with green spinach leaves in the bottom.  It was smothered with garlic.  I didn’t try that dish.
 “The pigeon was good, I have to admit.  We learned a valuable secret that night while eating dinner--don’t let your plate get empty.  I was trying to hide food under the pigeon carcass because I didn’t like it.   The mother kept putting food on my plate because it was empty.  You see, when I was growing up, you always ate what was on your plate, but over there, if your plate gets empty, they think you are still hungry.  I learned really quick to leave food on my plate so I wouldn’t have to eat anymore.  
“After supper, Frank pulled my Dad aside and asked him if I was able to bear children.  He then asks my Dad for my hand in marriage.  The Muslim men will marry a girl as soon as she is able to have children.  My Dad respectfully said no, and explained that in our country, young girls go to school and get an education before they marry.  Frank was disappointed but understood and asked if he could marry me when I was finished with school.   I think he liked me.  His younger brother was upset with him because he wanted to marry me too, but the older brother had first choice.  We all laughed about it.”
“Lucky for you, huh Derrick?” Henderson says laughing.  “I bet you would look cute in the traditional abaya.”
“I was lucky enough to go to Cairo once during the Gulf War,” Henderson says.  “We were only there for a couple of days, but at least I got to see the Pyramids.  They are a lot bigger than I imagined.”
“I know!  You see them in books or on television and you know they’re big, but when you actually get there and see them in person, it makes your heart stop a beat.  Did you get to see anything else while you were there?”
“We managed to swing by the Cairo museum for a few hours but couldn’t see it all.  We had to go back to our tent for some crew rest before going on alert again. 
“Well, at least you got to see a few things.  My parents enjoyed travelling and tried to plan a vacation every year.  We saw most of the United States when I was younger, but as I got older we started travelling abroad.  I remember another vacation we took when I was 15.  We went to Kenya.  We flew into Nairobi and rented a car and drove to this town on the coast called Mombasa.  We spent the first couple of days getting acclimated and adjusting our internal time to Kenyan time.  The hotel was called The Mombasa Hotel, and it was very luxurious.   The main lobby had marble floors and gold accessories.  I was told that this Hotel was a hot spot for the British who came down here on holiday.  
“Although the rooms didn’t have a television or a radio, there was plenty of entertainment at the hotel every night.  Each night a different tribe or troupe performed in the lobby for the tourists, dancing their traditional tribal dances.  It was cultural overload for the first couple of evenings.   There were numerous five-star restaurants around the hotel and the food was excellent.  On the fourth day, we decided to go on safari.  It wasn’t the type of safari where you go and shoot wild animals; it was a pleasure safari just for viewing the wildlife.  Most safaris like this one are confined to a reserve where the animals are protected against poachers.
“When the safari van picked us up at the hotel, the three of us jumped in, followed by a couple from England and a family of three from South Africa.  The drive to the reserve took about 45 minutes.  We passed through the city of Mombasa and a few little other villages along the way.  The van driver told us that the huts along the side of the road were built out of mud, cow dung, and straw.  The kids would run out of their huts and chase the vans, hoping the passengers would throw out a little change for them.  The driver asked us not to throw money because he didn’t want any of the children to get injured by the van.  
“We pulled through the huge gate of the wildlife reserve and almost immediately saw giraffes, zebras, and antelope.  The one animal everyone looks for when they are on safari is the lion.  We looked and looked and didn’t see a single lion.  I was a little disappointed, but didn’t have time to fret about it too much because the van broke down right there in the middle of the reserve.  The driver tried to start the engine over and over, but it would not start.  Now what?
“There was no radio in the van, and the driver had no way to contact the reserve rangers to let them know we were broken down.  The only option we had was to wait and hope for another van to come along.   So, there we were, out there in the middle of nowhere, like we are now.  There was not another van in sight--not for miles, so we just waited.  Finally, the driver of the van asked the men to get out and push.  He thought if we were closer to a major intersection, someone might find us sooner.  The men got out of the van and started pushing while Mom and I were standing up in the back of the van with our heads poking out of the top looking for lions.  I didn’t want my Dad or the other men to become lunch.
“The roof of the van was constructed so that it could be electrically lifted to create a space large enough to view the scenery.  We weren’t interested in the scenery, just lions.  After all, the men were out there pushing the van, and we were concerned about a possible lion attack.  I guess the men pushed at least for an hour before we came to a major intersection.  Exhausted, they climbed back into the van and drank some water.  Within a couple of hours, another van came along, got our information, and drove back to the lodge and got us some help.  Another van showed up and took us back to the lodge, where we waited until our van was fixed.  
          “The  lodge was perched high up on a hill overlooking one of the major watering holes on the reserve.  There was an underground passageway that went from the lodge all the way to the base of the watering hole.  At the end of the passageway, there was an elevated structure that served as an observation deck, where you could watch the animals drink.  The animals couldn’t see you, but you had a bird’s eye view of them.  By the time I got to the end of the passageway, there was an entire herd of elephants there drinking water.  I had seen elephants in the zoo before, but not this close.  I was impressed with their size.  They are without a doubt my most favorite animal.  There was a cute little elephant there drinking with his mom.  He was probably about two months old.  
“A small herd of giraffes came to the hole for a drink too.  It’s always funny watching giraffes drink because, their necks are so long they can’t bend over to get the water, so they have to spread their front two legs apart until they can get their head close enough to the water to drink.  How awkward for them to have to drink that way all the time.  After the animals left the watering hole, we returned to the lodge for a cool glass of lemonade and came face-to-face with a blue-balled monkey.  Yes, their balls were blue, hence the name.  They were harmless animals, and very curious about us.  They were not afraid to come right up to us and touch our legs.  The most amazing thing I had ever seen!
“The adventure was extraordinary, and I am glad the van broke because I
really enjoyed sitting at the lodge watching the animals.  Just think, I would have missed seeing the blue balled monkey had the van not broken down.”
“I could listen to you tell stories all night, Kobi,” Henderson says.  “I can actually visualize every detail, like I’m watching a movie.  How about you, Derrick?  Did you travel much when you were a kid?”
“No.  My Dad was the coach for the Los Angeles Rams, and we didn’t really have time to travel.  He was so busy during the off season studying college players and figuring out who his next draft pick was going to be, that we didn’t have time for much at all.  Mom was a stay-at-home Mom and didn’t believe in taking a vacation without Dad.  But growing up in California wasn’t a bad thing.  Los Angeles is an exciting town with lots to do, so I was never bored.  We had the beaches in the summer and the mountains for skiing in the winter.
“I remember one weekend, my Mom took us to the Safari Park just north of San Diego and the San Diego Zoo.  That’s when I decided I wanted to be a zoologist.   I fell in love with animals that weekend, and never changed my mind.  When my Dad moved to St. Louis with the team in 1995, I was bummed, because I was leaving the ocean to go live in the middle of the country, but I am glad we did.  I met this beautiful lady there,” Derrick says as he strokes my long, brown, hair.  
I lean my weight over toward him and kiss his cheek.  What a wonderful husband I have.  “Okay you two, cut it out,” Dane says.
“But growing up with a Dad who was a coach for a NFL football team had its advantages.  I got to go to all of the football games and usually had one of the best seats in the house.  My Dad would usually let me bring five or six friends with me to the games, so I was considered one of the coolest kids in school.  I got to play football with some of the players when they came to the house for Sunday dinner.  Dad liked to have the single players over during the off season.  He was not only their coach, but their friend.  I can’t complain at all.”  
“So, Kobi, I am really curious about your flying experience.  How did you get interested in flying, and why don’t you fly for a living?” Henderson inquires.
“I feel like I am doing all of the talking.  When I was 16 years old, I got a part-time job as a ticket agent for a small, commuter airline at the airport just outside of town.  One afternoon after my shift, a friend of the family asked me if I wanted to go for a ride in his airplane.  He was a private pilot and owned his own airplane, so I called my Mom and Dad to make sure it was okay with them, and they told me it was fine.  So, off we went.  He took me out to the training area and showed me power-on, power-off stalls, and some other insignificant maneuvers before we returned to the airport for landing.  
I went home and announced that I wanted to take flying lessons.  My Dad looked at me and told me if I was serious, I would have to find the instructor and an airplane to use.  So the next day before my shift started, I went to the airport and found an instructor and an airplane.  I called my parents and told them I was going to have my first flying lesson after my shift, if they wanted to come out and watch.  So after work, I met with the instructor and had my first lesson.   The instructor said I wasn’t serious about flying and that my parents should save their money.  Needless to say, we found another instructor--one who believed in me.
I never wanted to fly full time because medical school was always my dream, so I decided to teach flying on the weekends.  It’s an awesome job.”
“Does she ever take you flying, Derrick?” Dane asks.
“Sure, we fly quite a bit together.  She has even taught me how to land the airplane so that if I ever need to, I can.
“That’s awesome,” Dane says.
“So Dane, I’m sure you have a story or two about some of your favorite clients, or maybe not so favorite clients.  Come on, you have to have a good story,” Derrick says.
“Hmmm, let me think,” as he pauses and tries to remember.  “There was this couple from the New England part of the United States.  I’m not sure exactly where in America that is, but I think it is up around New York.  Anyway, their names were Charles and Constance Tolliver.  We conversed via e-mail for a few weeks before they got here, but I didn’t really know what to expect.  I met them at their hotel in Darwin and couldn’t believe that this was the couple I would be roughing it with for a week.  They were the typical upper class, aristocratic, better than everybody couple, especially the woman, Constance.”
“She was probably one of those debutante socialites who belonged to the best sorority in college,” I inserted.
“Yeah, she was educated at one of the ivy league universities. I remember that because she kept reminding me that she was an ivy league graduate and knew everything there was to know about Australia.  She had studied geography for one semester, so that made her an expert on all the different cultures of the world, especially mine.  She started telling me things about my country as soon as I set eyes on her.”
Derrick interjects, “She was one of those people, the kind you can’t teach a thing to, they know everything there is to know about everything.”
“Yeah, that’s the type.  So, first of all, she was in a dress and slip-on shoes.  It was a sun dress, but not appropriate attire for the day we had planned.  I politely asked her to go change into a pair of blue jeans, and she informed me she did not own a pair of those wretched things.  On every piece of luggage I saw the initial CAT.  I asked her what it stood for and she informed me that those were her initials as well as her husbands.  She said, ‘My name is Constance Addison Tolliver, and my husband’s name is Charles Andrew Tolliver’.”
“Are you serious?” Henderson says with his face twisted up in disbelief.
“Oh, I’m serious.  Needless to say, she didn’t change her clothes, so we went about our day.  I really don’t want to remember many of the details of the trip because I fear I would bore you all to tears, but the first evening, we had set up camp near Jim Jim Falls, close to where we camped that night.  Of course, she didn’t do anything at all to help.  Charles put on some gloves and collected a little firewood while she sat in the car and waited for dinner.  Once the tents were set up and the stew was warmed up enough to eat, Charles went to the car and told her dinner was ready.  She came to the fire and sat on a stump only after placing a rag on the log before sitting.  I just shook my head in disbelief.   I still don’t understand why someone like that would want to go camping in Australia.”
“She was doing it for bragging rights,” I insert.
“Bragging rights?”
“Yeah.  She probably just wanted to be able to go home and tell all her friends that she survived the Outback of Australia and that it was no big deal.  You know the type.”
“I suppose.  We were all sitting around the fire eating the beef stew--your favorite Kobi--and of course Miss Constance was complaining because she was eating out of a metal plate and it tasted funny.  Well, after dinner, she was just about to retire to her tent for the evening when she started jumping up and down, screaming that something was on her leg.  She was running around like a chicken with its head cut off.  She was pointing to her leg saying that something was crawling on her.  Turned out to be a tiny spider.  I knew the next six days were going to be a living hell.
“The rest of the night was uneventful.  For the next couple of days, nothing earth shattering happened, but then the moment I will always remember.  We were all fast asleep and suddenly I hear a blood curdling scream and come bolting out of my tent only to see her fly out of her tent screaming, ‘Snake, snake’.  Her hair was down and she had this little nighty-shirt thing on.  She was running away from the tent so fast she didn’t see the tree limb hanging down right in front of her.  She hit the tree limb at full speed and it knocked her flat on her back.  She was out cold.  I went over to her, tried to slap her back to consciousness, but she was out.  Her husband came over, lifted her and put her back in the tent and zipped it up.  I thought that was a bit odd because he didn’t say a word.  After zipping her up, he came and sat down next to me with a bottle of Scotch.   ‘Finally, some peace and quiet’, he said.  We laughed and shared the bottle.”
“Was she okay?” I inquired.
“Yeah, she was fine the next morning.  She had a bump on her forehead the size of an egg and the beginning of a black eye.  I’m sure she’ll have a different version of how she got a black eye.  She came out of the tent and told her husband, ‘Get me out of this dreadful country’, so they left that afternoon.  That was one for the books.”
Henderson says, “Dude, you need to think of some more stories like that one for tomorrow; I know you’ve got to have more.  That was so funny.”
“I’ll have to think about it.  I have this story unfolding right now that I can tell years from now.”
We all just smile at each other and agree that we all have a story to tell once we get out of here.  I am starting to get sleepy and suggest that we turn in for the evening.  Everyone agrees, so we head back to the area under the space blanket and lie down.  It is a very peaceful evening and very quiet.  I expected to hear howling and other night sounds, but it is very quiet.  I tell everyone good night and fall asleep.  


Chapter 28

Day 23
I wake up fairly early, because my wrist is hurting so badly, I can’t sleep any longer.  I notice that the fire has almost completely died out, so I throw a couple of logs on top, and it starts to burn again.  In a matter of minutes, everyone is awake, ready to face Day 2 in the Outback.   Dane immediately grabs the empty water bottles and the box of condoms, and puts them into the backpack.  He hands everyone another water bottle for the day.  
“Drink a couple of swigs, everyone.  We need to keep hydrated, but not overly hydrated.  Derrick, are you ready to go search for water?”
“Yeah, just give me a second; I need to take a whiz.”  
“Wait for me, Honey.  I need to go too.  I might need your help getting my pants back on.”  Henderson and Dane started laughing at that comment.  I wonder why.
I beg Derrick to please be careful out there this morning, and don’t lose track of where they are.  He tells me not to worry, that he will be extra careful.  We get back to the camp and Dane is ready to go.  “Well then, let’s go, shall we!”
Henderson brings me three aspirins and tells me to take them.  They might help my hand feel better, but I doubt it.  It is the kind of pain that makes you rock back in forth in agony.  Surely someone will come and find us this morning… they have too.  It’s been 20 hours since we crashed, and I thought someone would have found us by now.  Henderson says if we aren’t located in the first 24 hours, it means our Emergency Transmitter is not working.  I hope that is not the case, but it is looking like it might be what’s happened.
There isn’t really much we can do about the situation.    All we can do is wait until dark.  Henderson is rummaging through his suitcase trying to find a clean shirt.  The one he has been wearing has blood from his head injury on the front.  He has found a Hawaiian floral print shirt, with super bright colors and is putting it on.  
“I think the rescue plane will be able to find us just because you are wearing that shirt.  It is just about the brightest, wildest, shirt I have ever seen, but I like it,” I joke.
“That’s why I am wearing it.  I didn’t want to blend in with my environment.”
“You have succeeded in--not blending.”
We both start laughing so hard, my side starts to hurt.  “Stop, stop, I can’t
laugh anymore.”  
Derrick and Dane return to the crash site looking like a couple of kids who were playing in a mud hole.  
“We found water.  It’s dirty as hell, but it’s wet.  Do we have anything else we can store water in?”  Dane asks.  
All of us start thinking, wracking our brains, trying to think of something.  “What else is in the tail section, Henderson?”
“I don’t know.  Let’s go see.”
They come back holding what appears to be a big bowl, but it is actually the cone off of the tip of the tail.  
“We might be able to put this into the embers of the fire and actually boil some of this dirty water.  After it has boiled, we can use some clothes to move the cone to an area away from the fire while it cools.  Then, all we have to do is add the water tablets, and we have drinkable water,” Dane explains.
Henderson places the cone into the embers and uses rocks to brace it so it doesn’t fall over.   Henderson grabs a shirt and holds it over the cone section.  Pouring the liquid over the shirt will help filter out some of the dirt in the water.  What a great idea.  It is about half full, so Derrick and Dane go back to the spot where they found the water earlier and fill up the containers and condoms again.  They return within the hour and pour the contents into the make-shift pot.  Now all we have to do is let it boil.  Everyone drinks the rest of their water bottle and starts another one.  Drink it while you got it.  
“Great plan guys,” I say with excitement.
Dane tells us to go ahead and drink a bottle of water each today, so we will be hydrated for tonight.   If no one had found us by this evening, we are going to head north and hope for the best.  Dane and Derrick are going hunting again today for more food.  They will fill up the empty water bottles again while they are hunting.
“We shouldn’t be too long, Honey, I’ll see you in a couple of hours,” Derrick says as he kisses me on the forehead.  
He and Dane start walking, and Henderson says, “I think this water is done.  Please hand me a couple of shirts and I’ll take it off the fire so it can cool.” 
I handed him a thick flannel shirt Derrick was saving for a chilly night.     Henderson moves the cone section full of water away from the fire and comes back and sits down by me.  
“I know that leaving the airplane goes against everything we have ever heard or have been taught, but your wrist is getting worse, and we really need to get you some medical attention.  I would hate for that wrist to get toxic.”
“I know you are right, but I am a little nervous about leaving.   What if we leave and end up in a worse situation than we are now?  I know we can ‘what if’ the heck out of this, but we are out here, somewhere, and don’t even know where.  But thank goodness, we have Dane.  He knows this country, and if anyone can get us out of here, it’s Dane.”
“You’re right about that.  Here, let me see your hand.”  I show him my fingertips and they are really black now, and it hurts badly.   “Yeah, you need a doctor, Kobi. I’m really worried about your hand.  Here, why don’t you drink some water? You should probably lie down and rest because we will be walking most of the night and you need your strength.”
“Thanks, Henderson.”
I don’t know how long I slept before Derrick and Dane came back to the
camp.  Derrick comes to where I am sleeping and gently shakes my foot.  “Hey Sunshine, look what I found for you.”
I sit up and looked at Derrick and he is holding a piece of fruit.  It is a wild orange, and they found three of them.  
“Here, I want you to have my share,” Derrick says.  
He sits there and peels it for me to eat.  It’s not bad.   Then he hands me some water and tells me to drink at least three big swigs.  I do as instructed.  I am feeling a little better now, so I decide to sit up and see what else Derrick and Dane brought back with them.
Dane holds up a stick and I see three lizards on them, two like the ones we had last night and something else.  “It’s a Goanna,” Dane says.  “Let’s cook these little guys up, and what we don’t eat now, we’ll take with us.”  
I ask Derrick for the time, and he tells me that it is 3:00 p.m.  I couldn’t have been asleep that long, but I was.  Dane is cleaning the lizards so they can be cooked.  Henderson and Derrick are purifying the water and pouring it into the empty water bottles.  There is a little water left over, so everyone takes a drink until it is empty.  Derrick takes the water bottles that he and Dane filled up while they were out hunting, pours the liquid into the cone section, and puts it back on the fire.  We will need to have every water bottle full, and our bodies well-hydrated before we start walking this evening.  
The lizards are cooking and we are packing up only what we need to carry for survival.  Most of the clothes and personal items will be left behind because they are not essential.  We have no idea how long or how far we will need to walk before we find some kind of civilization.  I know everyone is taking a spare pair of socks and an extra shirt to wrap around our neck just in case the air gets chilled
during the night.  
The lizards are cooked, and Dane starts separating the meat from the bones just like he did last night.  There is a huge pile of meat sitting on the shirt in front of us.  This is great.  We all eat as much as we can, and take the rest with us.  Now, we are waiting for the sun to set.  I see the sun starting to dig its way into the earth’s surface and am truly amazed at how beautiful the sunset really is.  It is about one-third of the way down, and the sky has just about every shade of the rainbow.  With so much empty land, it made the sunset even more beautiful and easy to see.  It is so rich in color that describing it is a very difficult task.  Twilight is arriving!
The sun itself is not the bright yellow it was; it is turning a darker yellow, even a little orange as its sinks below the horizon. The horizon has a glow as if on fire, but eventually, it fades.  The sun is cooling.  The sky around the cooling sun is turning a rich shade of purple with darker shades of deep, royal blue.    The stars are free to come out now.
Everything is packed, and we are ready to go.  Dane and Henderson are extinguishing the fire by throwing dirt on the flames.  The embers will be hot for a while, but there is no threat of starting a fire out here because it is barren.  A dry bush here and a stick there won’t be enough to start a wild fire.  Luckily, we have a full moon tonight, which will provide us with a little light while we are walking.  
Looking into the distance and seeing nothing but darkness causes an emotion I have never experienced--hopelessness.  But, I will not share that particular feeling with anyone because we all need to stay positive and upbeat for each other.  If one of us gets depressed or starts to whimper negative emotions or thoughts, it will create an unhealthy environment for all of us.  “Keep positive,” I
say to myself.
We are probably about two hours from the crash site now, and I ask if we can stop for a few minutes and rest.  Everyone unanimously says, “Yes.”  I think the men wanted to stop but didn’t want to be the first to ask.  We find a little area with a few rock outcroppings to sit on.  All of us take a long, slow, swig of our water.  After 10 minutes, we get up and start walking again.  The temperature is perfect, and none of us are sweating at all. 
After 30 minutes or so, we are halted in our tracks by a familiar sound.  Just ahead we hear yelping and barking.  Great!  A pack of wild dingoes, just what we need.  The four of us stop and sit down in the dirt so we can listen more closely.  It is really hard to tell if they are fighting or playing with each other.  They might even be fighting over a piece of food.  Every now and then I see the eye shine of their eyes.   I can hear them breathing now and I am really scared.  I grab Derrick and hold him tight.
Dane whispers, “Don’t anybody move.”
No one is moving anyway.  I can hear them getting close now.  What are we going to do?  Suddenly Dane jumps up, shouts as loud as he can, and starts waving his arms, holding his knife in one hand and a stick in the other.  It works because the dingoes are running away.  
“That was so scary.”
“They shouldn’t bother us anymore tonight.  I scared them just as much as they scared you.  Come on, just a few more hours until the sun comes up.  Let’s try to get a few more miles in tonight.”
We get on our feet and start walking.  I hope he is right about the dingoes not bothering us again tonight.  
Day 24
We walk until we see the sun start to poke its head up above the horizon, so we know it’s time to stop and set up camp for the day.  Just a couple of hundred meters in front of us, we see a tree right next to a rather large rock outcrop.  
“That looks like a good place to stop for the day.  The outcrop will provide us with a little shade later on this afternoon.  We can secure the blanket to the outcrop and make a small lean-to shelter,” Dane suggests.
Derrick and Dane have the shelter set up, and Henderson is working on a small fire pit, while I clear the area under the blanket so we can rest later.  Dane really wants to go hunting for an hour or so to see if he can luck out and get another lizard or two.  Derrick, of course, will go with him.  I motion to Henderson to come over.
“Henderson, I need to check your head and make sure there is no infection on the wound.  Can you bring me the first aid kit?”
“Sure.  Here you go.”  Slowly, I remove the outer gauze bandage.  The gouge is healing nicely.  There is no infection, and the butterfly stitches are holding well.  I rub a little antibiotic ointment on the wound and place a fresh piece of gauze over the top.  
“It looks good, Henderson.  There is no infection, and the stiches are holding well.”  
“Thanks, Kobi.  Will you be okay here by yourself for a while?   I am going to walk around the perimeter and gather up as much firewood as I can.  I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
I’m sitting in the shade, feeling like a heel because I can’t help the guys do
anything.  I know it is just me thinking that way, but I still feel bad.  By noon, Derrick and Dane return, but unfortunately, they are empty-handed.  They didn’t find any water either, so we are going to ration what we drink today.  Since we have nothing to cook, there is no reason to start a fire, so Henderson puts the wood down inside the pit and comes out of the sun to the shade of the blanket.  The best thing we can do right now is rest, which is exactly what we do.  
I feel something crawling on my arm and that wakes me up.  It must have been some kind of bug, I guess.  I am surprised to see that it is dark already and we are all still asleep.  I sit up and take a small swallow of my water.  Derrick must have felt me move because he is awake now and decides to get Dane and Henderson up as well.  We pack up the camp and start the night walking again.  Tonight is a lot harder than last night because my stomach is empty and screaming for food.  I suggest to the group that we eat a bag of peanuts or maybe a few jelly beans to give us all a little bit of energy.  Dane takes his share, and passes the bag back for everyone else to take their share.
We are nibbling as we walk, and I have to say that having just a few jelly beans did the trick.  I have a little bit of energy now and am feeling better.  Off in the distance I faintly see the outline of some trees in the night sky, with the help of the moonlight.  Dane sees it too, because we alter our course just a little bit to the right so we can stop and rest under the trees.  
Henderson suggests, “This might be a good place to stop for the night. Let’s set up the transpiration bag over one of the tree branches and hopefully collect some drinking water by morning.”  
That’s a great idea, so we all agree to rest here for the remainder of the night.  Dane thinks that if he digs down deep enough, he might even find water.   It’s still dark, and there isn’t much we can do until we have light, so we decide to build a small fire, since we have a few hours until sunrise.  All of us are staring into the flames when we hear a noise just to the left of us. 
“What is that,” I whisper.  “There it is again.”  
“There’s no telling what’s out there, Kobi.  It could be a dingo, or a kangaroo.  Whatever it is, it shouldn’t bother us because of the fire,” Dane says calmly. 
The words weren’t out of his mouth for five seconds when I see the visitor.  I can barely make out the shape of a kangaroo standing behind the fire about 10 feet back.  
“Look, there he is.  See it?  It’s a kangaroo, and he is looking at us.  He’s a curious little thing, isn’t he,” I say with excitement.  This is the first kangaroo I have seen since we’ve been here.  We are surprised to see that he is so calm.  He is standing there just looking at us.  I wish we had something for him to eat, but he’s probably better at getting food than we are.  Then I see a few more kangaroos standing to the left and right of him.  It must be a family of kangaroos.  They seem to be very curious about us.  
One of the kangaroos has something in its pouch, under its belly.  Something is moving around in there.  I know it’s a Joey, and then I see it; there is a little head sticking out of the top of the pouch.  Talk about cute!  All of a sudden, for no apparent reason, the kangaroos run away, almost like something frightened them.  


Chapter 29

Day 25
“It will be light soon.  Once we have enough light, Derrick and I will take
a look around and see what we can find,” Dane says with dread in his voice.  We are all getting weak and tired, but we have to push through it if we are going to be found.   I see Dane over there digging a deep hole by the tree trying to find water, but he is not having any luck.  He goes to another tree and digs, and still, nothing.  We are down to six bottles of water.  He and Derrick decide to leave the patch of trees in search of food and water.  Henderson and I are under the blanket trying to sleep.  
For a second, I thought I was dreaming, because I heard laughter and two
men bantering with each other.  I open my eyes and see Dane and Derrick walking back into camp with some kind of snake.  Dane holds up the snake and yells, “I killed a snake.” At least we have something to put in our bellies today.  It might not be much, but at least it’s something.  
After the snake is cooked and cleaned, there is only a handful of meat, which we divide evenly.  Two bites of meat, that’s it.  Hardly seems worth killing when that’s all you get out of it.  But, I guess if you were alone, it would be significant.  After the teasing mouthful of meat is gone, we wash it down with some water.  It is 1:00 p.m. and we decide to sleep for the rest of the afternoon.   At sunset, we will head out again.  
The sun unfortunately sets, which means we have to trudge into the wilderness once again.  It’s kind of ironic that just a few nights ago we were all admiring the beautiful sunset, but now it is just a signal that we must move again.  We walk and walk until our feet ache.  I can feel the blisters on my heels peeling, and my toes are numb.   “I have to stop, guys.  My feet are killing me.”
“Okay, we should all take a rest anyway,” Dane says.  
We find something to sit on and rest for about half an hour.   Derrick looks
at his watch and says, “4:00 a.m.  It’s almost time to quit, Baby.  Come on, you can do it.”
So, I pull myself together and stand up.  I start walking and the guys follow behind me.  I’ll be glad when the sun is up because that means I get to stop walking and can sleep for the rest of the day.    There it is; the sun.  My Dad used to say, “If you listen hard enough, you can hear the crack of dawn.” I swore up and down I heard it crack when I was a little girl, but I know he was just teasing me.
Day 26
We are searching for a place to stop and rest for the day.  We have two bottles of water left and no food at all.  This place is so dry with absolutely no vegetation.  There are a few rocks on the ground and that’s it.  Dane manages to find a few sticks so we can put the blanket up, but there is nothing else out here.  We are exhausted and collapse on the ground under the blanket and sleep.
I hear voices.  I am still on the ground barely waking up, and I hear voices.  Derrick has Dane and Henderson pulled aside a few yards from me and I can hear him whispering, “She can’t go any farther.  Her wrist is really bad.  I think the break is a lot more severe than we realize, because she has a fever.  She probably has an infection from the severe break.”
Henderson adds, “Yeah, she’s in a lot of pain, but she never complains.  I think you’re right Derrick.  I think she is getting a bad infection, which means her time is limited.”
“I know.  I’m starting to worry, a lot.”
“What do you think we should do?” Henderson asks.
“I don’t know.  I’ve thought about going ahead of you guys to try and find help, but I know it would be foolish to venture out on my own, especially out here.  These elements are harsh and unforgiving, so we need to stick together--that much I know!  Besides, Dane wouldn’t let me go anyway.  Let’s wait and see how she is this evening, and then we will make our decision whether to go on or hope and pray someone finds us out here.”
Dane and Henderson both say, “Agreed!”  None of them knew that I was listening; they thought I was sleeping.  As I lie there thinking about what they said, and I will not be responsible for their death.    I am even more determined to 
press on tonight-- pain, or no pain.
Just before sunset, I get up and drink what water I have left in my individual bottle, which isn’t much.  My lips are starting to crack and bleed, because I am so dehydrated and thirsty.   I haven’t urinated at all since yesterday, and I have a pounding headache.  I’m sure the guys are in the same boat as me, but they are not complaining at all.  I remember seeing some large band aids in the first aid kit, so I wake up Derrick and ask him to give me a hand.   
“Derrick, please get the antibiotic ointment and some of those large band aids.  I need your help wrapping up my feet where the blisters are.  I think if we pad it enough, I will be able to walk better.”
He gives me the biggest smile I have ever seen and does as requested.  I know exactly what he is thinking, “That’s my girl!”  My feet are wrapped, and he puts my shoes on for me; and it does feel much better.  He puts his hand on my head and asks, “How do you feel, Honey?”
“I feel better now that my feet are wrapped.  Are you guys ready to go?”
Dane and Henderson have everything picked up, so off we go again.  I am
not sure how long I will be able to keep us this act, but I need to find my happy place and stay there for a while.   We walk for hours and hours before finally taking a break.  The time is 5:00 a.m.  Looking around the landscape, there is nothing but a small grove of trees about 200 yards from our current position.  That looks like a good place to stop for the day.  We manage to get up and start walking toward the trees, but before we can get there, I collapse.  Derrick rushes over to me and gives me a little swig of the precious water he has left.  Then he picks me up and carries me to the grove.   I’m officially done!


Chapter 30

Day 27
We don’t even bother to set up the blanket because there is quite a bit of shade under the grove of trees.  I lie down and go right to sleep in Derrick’s arms.  I don’t know how long I was asleep when I hear Derrick whisper, “Wake up Kobi, we have company.” I open my eyes and see five black men standing at our feet.  I know right away, these are the Aboriginal people, and we are going to be okay.  
Derrick hugs me and whispers, “Thanks to you and your determination, we are going to make it.  I am so lucky to have you as my wife.  I love you!”
Dane immediately gets up and introduces himself.  The men shake hands.
Dane looks at us and smiles, “Everything is going to be fine.  They have a settlement a few miles from here.  They were out hunting this morning and usually come to this grove of trees for a rest.  That’s how they found us.”  Dane motions for the man he shook hands with to come over.  “This is Mandu, he is the son of the tribal leader and has agreed to take us back to his settlement.
As soon as Dane speaks the words, a dozen or so men emerge out of the 
bush and are eager to help us.   They see that I am in no condition to walk, so they make a stretcher out of the blanket and carry me there.  It is a lot farther than I thought, so I am very thankful for the stretcher.  Finally, we arrive and immediately become the center of attention.  Several women come to my side and carry me to a place where I can get water, a bath, and clean clothes.  I’m sure the men are doing the same. 
After cleaning up, they bring us to a canopy covered area with a table and some chairs.  Within a few minutes, three women walk in carrying trays of meat and fruit.  There is also a bowl of cut-up thin bread.  Our glasses are full of water and we are thankful.  We slowly rehydrate and replenish our body with the much needed food and water.  After the meal, we are taken to a tent where we are allowed to sleep the rest of the day.  There are no beds, but there is plenty of bedding on the dirt floor to provide enough of a cushion that I am comfortable, and fall asleep immediately.
At sunset, someone comes into the tent and wakes us up, requesting our presence at the fire pit located in the center of the village.  We make our way through the town and right around the corner, I see a large fire pit with about 50 people gathered around it.  The only one of the tribe sitting in a chair is the elder tribal leader.
“I am Kanuti, leader of the Anangu people.  Welcome! You have been on a long, treacherous journey, I think?”
“Yes, we have, Chief.  Thank you so much for inviting us into your settlement.  These are my friends, Kobi and Derrick Reed, and this is Henderson Smith, our pilot.  My name is Dane Walker.”
“Dane, you are a native of our country.  How is it you have found yourself in this situation?” the Chief asks.
“We were flying in a plane from Perth and crashed in the Outback.   We were lost for several days before your son and the hunting party found us.”
Oh, I see.  Mr. Smith, you are the pilot?”
“Yes sir, I am.”
“Are you a pilot like John Glenn?”
“I am a pilot, but not like John Glenn.  He is an astronaut and flies a lot higher than I do.”
The old man smiles and says, “Yes, I remember, he flies very high.”
“What do you mean you remember?” Dane asks.
“I remember the night he flew over in the early 1960’s.   I was a young man, and remember that everyone across the entire country turned their lights on that evening for the astronaut in trouble.  Our ancestors in the stars told us to build many fires for the man in the capsule, high above the Earth. The tribes out here in the bush made large fires for him and sent help up to his spaceship from the fire.  He flew over not too long ago, and we lit up the night sky for him again.”
I am sitting by the fire listening to Kanuti speak and am totally unaware of the pain in my wrist.  I am completely engulfed in what he is saying.  His manner of speech is addictive, and I feel as if I am in a trance, hanging on every word he’s 
saying.  My eyes start to burn because I realize that I have forgotten to blink.
Kanuti’s hair is almost totally gray and not very long.  His beard, on the other hand, is very long, bushy, totally gray, and uneven on the ends.  Surprisingly, his thin skinny, brows aren’t the bushy mess I would have expected.  He has quite a broad nose, and glassy, dark brown eyes.  There is a gentleness and sweetness in his eyes that invites you in to have a deeper look.  
Kanuti starts telling us about Dreamtime.  The Aborigines’ religion is based on Dreaming.  They believe that the landscape was created at the beginning of time by their ancestors, who rose from beneath the earth and traveled throughout the land, giving it its physical form.   Certain rock formations are believed to be metamorphosed ancestors.    They are perfectly in tune with nature and respect it greatly.  He continues to talk about the ancestors, and how every formation on the earth has a story to explain it.  I can hear the distant drone of the didgeridoo coming from the hilltop behind the camp.  
After listening to him talk about his beliefs and customs for an hour, he looks at me and asks, “What is the matter with your arm?”
“I think I broke my wrist when our airplane crashed.”  I took my arm out of the sling and showed Kanuti my fingertips.  They are almost completely black now from the bruising.
“Kobi, do you mind if I take off the bandages?  I would like to see your wrist.”  I shake my head no, and he slowly starts removing the bandages from my arm and wrist.   All of the bandages are off and I am shocked at the sight of my wrist.  It looks bad.  The wrist itself is red and very swollen.  Radiating out from the wrist are different shades of purple and black until finally, the fingertips are a sold black.  
Kanuti starts humming and rubbing his hands over my wrist, rocking back and forth, and then suddenly, he firmly places my wrist between his hands and squeezes.  At first, the pain is intense, and oddly enough I am not nervous at all.  I can feel the heat in my wrist now; it’s getting hotter and hotter.  Then, he slaps his hands together with my wrist in between his hands and the intense pain is gone.  He gives Derrick some salve to rub over the swollen area and tells him to wrap it up again with fresh bandages.  He tells me that the infection will get better and the bone is back where it belongs. 
That is simply amazing what Kanuti just did to my wrist!  I don’t have much pain at all anymore.  I think he reset the bone, because the bump that I had on the side of the wrist is gone now.   After Derrick wraps it, I put my arm back in the sling and it feels 10 times better.   Meanwhile, one of the elderly women has been staring at Dane’s face, touching and feeling the burns he acquired after the crash.  She leaves for just a few minutes and comes back with a bowl of something that stinks to high heaven.  I hope he doesn’t have to eat that!
She asks Dane if she can rub this lotion all over his face.  She says it will help the burns cool down and heal quicker.  She applies the lotion to his entire face, and I see his upper lip start to curl and crinkle because the odor of the lotion is unbelievable.   
I look at Dane and sarcastically ask, “Why the face, Dane?”  I am trying not to laugh because I know why he is making that face; it stinks!  
Dane politely asks the woman, “Ma’am, what is this substance, if you don’t mind me asking?”
She simply replies, “Bat poop.”  We start laughing.
“Oh, bat poop.  I should have known that because bat poop has something
in it that is useful for any skin irritation, like a rash, insects bites, or even burns.  It is a natural antibiotic and better than anything you can get at the local drugstore.  I can’t imagine it would be a top seller because it stinks like hell.  Plus, it is very hard to find bat poop.” Dane explains.
The woman has finished applying the lotion and leaves the fire pit area.  I have to admit, Dane looks funny with bat poop all over his face.  I hope it works because it smells awful.  Kanuti looks at Dane and starts laughing too.  Pretty soon, everyone around the fire pit is laughing, at Dane’s expense.  Dane is a good sport!   It is very late now and I am tired, so Derrick and I excuse ourselves from the festivities and return to our tent for the evening.  
Day 28  
The next morning we are awakened by the laughter and playing of children outside.  I get dressed and step outside of our tent and see a young girl sitting on the ground playing in the dirt.  She is probably about 10 years old, with blondish-brown hair half way down her back.  I walk over to her and say hello.  She looks up at me and gives me a huge smile.  I think I am the first white woman she has ever seen.  I sit down beside her and ask her name.
“My name is Akala.  What is your name?”
“My name is Kobi.  It’s very nice to meet you.  What does your name mean?”
“Akala means parrot.  What does your name mean?”
“I don’t know.”
“Kobi, my family wants you to come eat breakfast with us today. You can bring your man if you want to.”
“Okay, I’ll be right back.”
I go inside the tent for just a minute and come right back out.  “My husband says thank you, but he is still very tired and wants to sleep.”  Akala grabs my hand and we walk to her family’s house.  It looks like a little wooden shack with a corrugated tin roof.  I walk inside and see her family in the kitchen preparing a meal.  They see me and run over to welcome me into their home.  
“Please be seated.  Akala has invited you to breakfast, as we requested.  Thank you for coming.” 
“Thank you for the invitation.  My husband is still very tired, and asked to be excused this morning, but he appreciates the offer.”
They pull a chair out for me and invite me to sit at the table.  The mother
has prepared a bread she calls damper.  It is simply flour, water, and a pinch of salt.  On a platter in the center of the table is a plate of scrambled eggs, and some kind of meat.  I politely ask the mother, “What kind of meat is this?”  She says, “Kangaroo.” Funny, I had just seen a kangaroo the other night, and now I am about to eat one. 
I thank the family for breakfast and hug Akala good bye.  “I’ll see you in a little while.”  I am walking through the village, soaking up every little detail because I realize this is a once in a lifetime experience that people don’t get to experience often.  As I turn the corner, I see Derrick in front of the tent washing his face and arms.  He sees me coming and gives me a big grin.
“How was breakfast?”
“It was delicious.  I ate kangaroo.”
“Really?  Was it good?”
“Yeah, it was fine.  I like bacon better.” We both start to laugh. “We need to find Dane and talk to the Chief about taking us to town.   Have you seen him?” 
“No, I haven’t.  He wasn’t in his tent just a few minutes ago.  Henderson is awake and bathing.  He should be out in a few minutes.”
“Okay, I wonder where Dane is.”  Derrick and I wait for Henderson to finish, and then we decide to go for a walkabout.   We are walking through the village and stumble upon the Chief talking to the town carpenter.  “Good Morning, Chief Kanuti.”
“Good Morning.  I trust you slept well.”
“Yes, thank you.  Have you by any chance seen our friend, Dane, this morning?”
“Yes, he got up early and went hunting with my son today.  They will be back later on this afternoon.  How is your hand this morning?”
“My hand is much better, thank you.  We appreciate your help and hospitality.”
“You are very welcome.  Tomorrow, after you have rested today, we will take you to the nearest town so you can call your friends in Darwin.  The walk to town is about six miles, so we want to make sure you are hydrated and feeling better before going.”
Derrick replies, “Very good, Chief.  That sounds perfect.  We will see you later.”
The three of us walk back toward our tents, and sitting in front of my tent is the little girl, Akala.  She wants me to go for a walk with her to the nearest watering hole because she needs to wash some clothes.  Derrick has no objections, so Akala and I start walking. 


Chapter 31

When we get to the watering hole, located only a few hundred yards from the village, I am shocked to see how murky and dirty the water is.  I guess when you live out here, you get used to it.  
She steps into the water, which only comes up to her knees and starts to wash her clothes.  She has a big bucket, and a flat washboard that she uses to scrub the dirt out of the clothes.  I am in the water right next to her up to my ankles.  It is a perfect, beautiful, day with temperature in the high 80’s.  Akala has a huge pile of clothes that are ready to be rinsed, so she returns to the water to exchange the soapy water for clean water.  
Before I even knew what was happening, a giant crocodile charges out of
the water and grabs Akala’s arm, and starts pulling her into the water.   I run over to her, grab the other arm, and start pulling her.  The crocodile is so strong and I’m afraid I am going to rip her apart.  Akala is looking at me and begging me to get her out of the croc’s mouth.  I can see the crocodile has most of her arm in his mouth, and he is not letting go.  I know he wants to pull her into the water, so he can drag her under and perform the death roll.  He would probably let her sit underwater for a few days before he eats her.  All of these horrible thoughts are rushing through my head, and I just keep pulling.  She is crying loudly now and I start screaming, hoping someone in the village will hear me.  I refuse to let go of her other arm.  
I look back toward the village and see several men running in my direction.  I am hanging on to her arm for dear life.  Then I hear a snap, and she falls on top of me.  The crocodile has let go of her, and I feel relieved and excited.  My excitement turns to horror in a split second, because I see that her right arm has been ripped from its socket.  She is lying on top of me, very silent, and bleeding badly.   I am on my back, with her in my arms, frantically trying to push away from the water with my feet.  It is really hard to maneuver with her in my good arm and no other way of getting leverage.  I am terrified that the croc will come back for her, so I push with all my might.   I can hear the men approaching from behind me, so I collapse, totally exhausted.  
The men pick her up and rush her back to the village for immediate medical attention.  One of the young men helps me to my feet and we walk back to camp.  I am in total shock.  There is blood all over me and I can’t say a word.  Derrick sees me and comes running over to me, terrified that I have been injured.  I tell him that it’s not me; it’s Akala.  
I am waiting outside her house, hoping to get an update on her condition. The mother eventually comes out crying and sees me.  She walks over to me and gently touches my arm.   I ask, “Is Akala going to be okay?”
“Chief Kanuti says it doesn’t look good.  She has lost a lot of blood and we don’t know if we can stop her bleeding.  One of our fastest runners has already left for town to get the doctor.  He will bring his car back with some blood and medicine.  All we can do is wait right now.  She wants to see you, Kobi.”  That seems unusual to me that she would want to see me right now, and that her mother would even allow it, but this little girl just took to me, as did I to her.  
I go inside the house, see Akala on the kitchen table, and immediately have flashbacks of Taku.  I walk over to her and hold her hand.  There are tears falling down her face, but no cries of pain, which surprises me.   
“Kobi, are you okay?”
“Yes, Akala, I am fine. The doctor will be here soon. You hang on and be strong.”  
She nods her head yes, and closes her eyes.  I feel the grip in her hand loosen, and she is gone.  My eyes well-up with tears, and I can’t believe it; just like that, she’s gone.  
What the hell just happened?  One minute, we are two girls having fun in the water, and the next minute--this.   The mother walks in, sees me crying, and she knows, her little girl is gone.  
“I am so sorry about Akala.”  
“Thank you, Kobi, but it is our custom that when a loved one dies, their name is to never be spoken again.”
“Oh, I am so sorry, I didn’t know.” 
I politely leave the house so the family can mourn.
The doctor from town arrives at the village about 45 minutes later, and is told by one of the family members that she has died.  The doctor knew the family very well, and will stay overnight to grieve with the family and the village.   In the Aboriginal culture, when a family member dies, the entire village mourns and grieves with the family.  Everyone paints themselves white, and the women will cut themselves and bleed out of respect and sorrow for the family.  This is a way of saying “sorry” to the family of the loved one.   
Sometimes the family members will throw themselves upon the deceased body, hoping to rejuvenate the soul.   Mourning is very dramatic and extremely vocal.  The women will wail and chant over the body.  The ceremonies have to be done correctly, or the spirit will not be able to return to its sacred place.  The ceremony is organized in such a way as to allow the body and spirit to separate.  The name of the dead person is never spoken again because it will act as an attachment for the spirit to hold on to and may prevent them from making the great journey.  If there is another person in the village with the same name, they will have to change it to something else.    
This particular tribe doesn’t place the body in a tree, or cremate the body.  They bury the dead in a four foot deep grave, in the sitting position, facing the place where they were born.  This is their custom because they believe that the spirit will leave in the direction it is facing and become part of the land.  The site of the attack will not be visited again for a very long time, and going near the place is very disrespectful.  Since the little girl died in her house, the family will vacate the house and no one will ever live there again. 
Derrick, Henderson, and I are going to stay in our tent for the remainder of
the day because we think the family and village may not want outsiders witnessing their traditional ceremonial procedures and rites.  I ask the doctor if he would mind bringing us with him when he returns to the town in the morning, and he politely says, “Sure.  I will bring you back with me.”   Dane is still out with the hunters and has no idea what has happened.  The girl told me earlier that the hunters usually return in the mid afternoon.
Sitting in our tent, we can hear the wailing and crying outside.  It is so painful to watch and hear the village grieve that hard.   The wailing escalates outside, so I take a peek out the tent and see the hunters returning and being greeted by the village with the sorrowful news.  Dane drops his head and slowly walks over to the tent.  He walks in and has tears streaming down his face.  He sees me and walks over to hug me.  This is the first time I have seen Dane emotional.  He is usually very strong and fierce.  I know Derrick isn’t concerned about my comforting Dane, so I embrace Dane harder and we cry together.  I open my eyes and look at Derrick and Henderson, and they are both crying too.  It is a very emotional moment for us all.  After a few minutes, Dane breaks contact and sits down at the small table in the tent and asks me to explain what happened.  
“You did everything you could have done, Kobi.  At least they have a body to mourn over and bury--thanks to you.  That may not sound comforting to you, but for them, it is important. You fought hard, and with only one good arm.  You are lucky the croc didn’t take both you and the girl under.  I am surprised you were able to hang on to her.  How big do you reckon the croc was, if you had to guess?”
“I would have to guess around 10 feet.  It’s hard to say because it happened so fast.  One minute we were in the water, she was tending to her clothes, and the next, she was in the mouth of the crocodile.  It blew my mind!  The only reaction I had was to grab the other arm and start pulling her.  I felt my feet sliding on the dirt toward the water because he was pulling so hard.  Luckily, my left foot wedged on a rock and kept me from sliding into the water.”
“What a horrifying experience for you Kobi,” Dane says.
“They sent a runner to town to fetch the doctor, but by the time he got here, she was gone.  I did speak with the doctor about our returning with him to town tomorrow and he agreed to take us.  He has a car, so we won’t disturb any of the villagers during their time of mourning.”
“That’s nice of him.  Have any of you spoken to the Chief since the girl’s death?”
Derrick replies, “No, we didn’t want to interfere with any of the ceremonies. Since we are outsiders, we thought it best to remain in the tent, out of sight, while they grieve.  They may not appreciate our presence during the ceremonies”
“Yep, that was probably the best thing for you to do.  Later on this evening, I will go talk to the Chief and thank him for taking care of us and fixing our injuries.  I will bid him farewell for all of us.”
“Yeah, that would be great.  I would really like to thank him myself, but totally understand,” I agree.
We have a tray of fresh fruit in the tent and decide to eat a little dinner.  We will turn in early tonight after Dane talks to Chief Kanuti.   Henderson is looking forward to seeing his little girl, hopefully tomorrow.  He managed to pull one of her gifts out of his suitcase before we left the crash site; a koala bear picture frame.  He is holding the picture frame and starts to cry.  
I ask him what is wrong and he says, “I am just imagining how I would feel if it were my own little girl.  I don’t know how parents cope with such a loss.  I can’t imagine that the pain ever goes away.”   
He stares at the picture frame for a long time, then replaces it inside his shirt.  He will be okay now.  Derrick and I don’t have kids, so that emotion is something I can’t empathize with him; I can only sympathize.
We have finished eating, and it is getting dark.  The death rituals and ceremony will most likely continue into the night, so Dane decides to walk over to the Chief and have a conversation.  We can’t hear the conversation from inside the tent, but we see Dane shake the hand of Chief Kanuti and sit beside him at the fire.  They talk for a long time and then Dane gets up suddenly.  He runs over to the tent and invites all of us to join the village at the fire.  Surprised and flattered, we immediately exit the tent and walk to the fire.  The Chief motions for me to come sit by him, so I do.  Derrick and Henderson are seated on the other side with Dane.  The Chief stands up and signals for the ceremony to silence.  He begins to speak.
“Kobi pulled the girl from the croc’s mouth in the water and brought her back to the village for us.  For this we are grateful and would like to publically thank you.  You showed great courage and love for my people.  I hope your journey back to Darwin and your country is a safe journey.”
He sits down, and the rituals commence. The doctor politely acknowledges us and informs us that he will be leaving at 10:00 a.m. for town.  We say our goodbyes and return to the tent for the night.  


Chapter 32

Day 29
We are up very early and waiting outside our tent by 9:30 a.m. for the doctor to drive us to town.  The villagers stopped with their rituals around midnight and will resume this morning.  The doctor drives up to the tent about 10 minutes later and is pleased to see we are ready to go.  We are getting in his car when I notice the Chief standing under the tree in the center of the village.  He is holding one hand in the air saying goodbye.   I raise my hand and wave back.  I get in the car, and we drive away.
The town is about six miles away, but it will take probably 20 minutes to get there because the terrain is bumpy.  It is a small town with a pub, a small grocery store, and a hotel.  The rest of the town appears to be housing for the townspeople.  The doctor invites us to his office so we can use the phone.  
I am dialing Geoff’s number so fast, I have to hang up and try again because I missed a number.  The phone rings a few times and then I hear, “Hello?”
“Geoff, it’s Kobi.”
“What?  Are you serious?  Kobi, where are you? What happened?”
“I’m fine.  Derrick, Dane, and our pilot, Henderson are all fine.  We will tell you all about it when we get there.  We are in this small village northeast of Lake Gregory.  Do you know it?”
“Yes, I know right where you are.  I’ll send a helicopter to pick you guys up.  There is a helicopter charter company in Fitzroy Crossing, WA.  I have used them before once or twice.  Give me a number for you and I’ll call you back after I get a good estimated time of arrival for the copter.”
I give Geoff the number of the doctor’s office and hang up.  Since we have to wait anyway, I ask the doctor to have a look at my wrist and Henderson’s head.  He looks at my wrist and decides to do an x-ray.  The x-ray shows that the wrist is indeed broken, but has been set perfectly and should heal just fine.  He does want to put my wrist in a cast while it is healing.  I told him what Chief Kanuti did to my wrist the other night and he didn’t seem surprised at all.  
He removes the bandages from Henderson’s head and is pleased to see the cut has already started healing together.  He removes the dirty butterfly stitches, cleans up the cut, and places fresh butterfly stitches over the cut.  It is healing nicely.   Danes face is fine.  All of the blistering is gone and just a faint redness remains.    We offer to pay the doctor for his services,  but he insists not.   I guess
that is his way of thanking me for saving the young girl from the crocodile.  
The phone rings, and the doctor motions for me to go ahead and pick up the receiver.  It is Geoff.  He has chartered a helicopter to take us to Halls Creek airport.  A CDC jet will pick us up there and fly us to Darwin because it is about 750 kilometers away. The chopper will be here in about two hours.  That is great.  I can’t wait to get back to the lab and catch up with everyone.  We decide to go to the cafe for a cup of tea and a pastry.  There is a sign hanging on the outside of the cafe advertising breakfast, so why not have some while we are waiting.  They also have finger food type bar snacks, but it’s too early for that.  
I am on my second cup of tea and have finished my muffin, when I hear the helicopter fly overhead.  I ask the waitress where we should go to meet the copter, and she directs us to a landing pad behind the hotel.  We pay the tab and start walking.  I can hear the engines winding down, so I know he has landed.  We walk behind the hotel and see the pilot exiting the helicopter.  He walks over to us and asks if we are the customers waiting to be taken to Hall’s Creek.  We nod and climb aboard the helicopter.  
We land at Halls Creek Airport and see the CDC jet waiting for us on the tarmac already.  We thank the helicopter pilot, climb aboard the plane, and take off.  This time I am riding in the back, and so is Henderson.  Surprisingly, we are not nervous at all about flying again after having just crashed a plane similar to this one.  It was a freak accident, and we know it.  
The flight to Darwin is a quick one and before I know it, we are descending for landing into Darwin International.  I am looking out the window, just like I did almost a month ago, with an entirely different perspective on life.  I can’t believe what has happened since we last saw Darwin from the air.  I see Derrick looking out of the window and I know he is thinking the same thing.  Squeak!  We are on the ground and taxiing off the runway headed for the terminal.  I know Geoff will be waiting for us and I can’t wait to see him.
As we pull up to the terminal, there’s Geoff standing outside on the red carpet with his hands in his pocket.  We depart the airplane and Geoff walks up to us and firmly shakes Derrick’s hand, then Dane’s, then Henderson’s.  I am the lucky one, I got a hug.  We are walking back toward the terminal when the entrance door opens and outs walks Cole.   As he gets close, I see he has Buddy on his shoulder.  I can’t believe he is out of the lab.  I run up to him and give him a long hug, and of course I start crying.  
“I can’t believe it!  Look at you!  You look great!  Who is that on your shoulder?”
“Thanks, it’s good to see you guys too. Buddy missed you too. You had us all worried to death.  What happened to your wrist?”
“Nothing really, it’s just broken.  It will be fine.  Are you cured?”
“Yes, I am.  The parasite is completely dead, and I suppose my body will eventually dispose of the unwanted dead matter--hopefully.  We do a complete blood and parasite count daily, and the parasite numbers are decreasing, so I know the body is getting rid of it.   We will fill you in on all the details tomorrow.”   
Geoff walks us through the terminal to the van he has waiting in the parking lot.  “Welcome back, guys.  I know you want to get the details tonight about what we have been doing since you left, but I must insist that you go to the hotel and rest.  It is late anyway and I need to get Cole back to the lab.  He will be staying with us until the parasite is completely out of his system.  Stolz, Sevi, and Evan have been given the antidote too, but we aren’t sure if they are going to make it or not.  I’ll catch you up in the morning.  Rest and sleep late in the morning.  Henderson, do you have a place in town where I can drop you off?”
“Thank you, I appreciate the offer, but I have a car here, so I will drive home tonight.”
I look at Henderson and say, “Thank you for everything.  I am going to miss you.  You know, if you want to meet us for breakfast in the morning…”
Before I can finish, he interrupts me and says, “Not tomorrow morning, Kobi.  I want to see my little girl and take her to school.  May I call you after I drop her off?” he says.
“Of course!  Why don’t you come to the lab and I’ll show you what’s going on and you can meet Trevor and Nicola.  I don’t have a phone, but here is Derrick’s number.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”   We hug each other tight, and I feel like I have made a new friend for life!   
Geoff drops us off at the hotel and says, “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Derrick and I plop down on the bed completely exhausted--too tired to even take a bath.  We did manage to get up and change into something suitable for sleeping.  Luckily, we had most of our clothes still here in the room.  We didn’t need to take everything with us when we went to Perth earlier.  We went straight to sleep.


Chapter 33

Day 30
I have no idea what time it is, but my eyes finally open and see the daylight entering the room, determined to wake us up.  I glance at the alarm clock by the bed and it reads 8:30 a.m.  Wow, I’m tired.  I really don’t want to get out of bed, but I am really curious about what is happening at the lab and want to get going.  If I could change one thing about myself, that would be it.  I don’t know how to relax.  I do need to take a bath first.  The doctor gave me this plastic bag thing to put over the cast so I can shower easier.  I wish he would have given me another hand to wash my hair with.  It is really hard to do with one hand, especially with hair as long as mine.
I manage somehow to get my hair clean and put up in a towel.  I don’t wear much makeup, so doing that one-handed is easy.  Now blow-drying and brushing my hair will be a challenge.  At least I can hold the hair in place with my bum hand while I secure the barrette in place.  I hear Derrick moving around in the other room and tell him I am almost done and then he can have the bathroom.  
I come out of the bathroom and see that Derrick has fallen asleep again.  I gently shake his shoulder and request that he get ready so we can go to the lab.  I am curious about what is going on with the antidote.  Derrick obliges me and gets out of bed and heads straight for the shower.  Within 15 minutes, he emerges from the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around his waist.  Damn, that’s a good looking man!  He heads straight for the closet and pulls his favorite jeans off the hanger, and a flannel shirt.  He has this perfectly married pair of ostrich skin boots that look great with the jeans.  He slips those on over his socks and stands up.  He walks back in the bathroom and combs his hair out.  He looks fantastic.
On the way to the lab, Derrick’s phone rings, and it is Henderson.
“Henderson, good morning.  Are you on your way to the lab?  Oh, I see.  Hang on, I’ll let you talk to Kobi.”
“Good Morning Henderson.  What’s going on?”
“Good morning, Kobi.  The company wants me to come into the office today and meet with the accident investigation team this morning. There is a lot of paperwork that needs to be filled out with the insurance company too.  They might even want a statement from you.  May I give them your number, just in case they want to talk to you?”
“Sure, anything I can do to help.  You aren’t worried about your job or anything like that are you?
“No.  Standard procedure after an aircraft accident.”
“Okay, call me when you’re finished, and we will give you a tour of the lab.”
“That sounds like a plan.”
We are at the lab and very excited to hear about everything.  As soon as we walk in the command post, Geoff jumps up and runs over to us.  He shakes our hand and is so glad to see us.  Dane is already here and enjoying a cup of coffee.  We all sit down at the table and begin talking.  Geoff wants to hear all about the plane crash and what happened afterwards, so we give him the play by play.  He seems amazed that we survived.  
Geoff goes on to say, “I was in contact with the rescue team, and they didn’t know your exact location.  The Air Traffic Controlling Center gave your approximate last location, but it was a large search area.  I guess the Emergency Transmitter on the plane wasn’t functioning, so your position wasn’t being transmitted.  They found the wreckage two days ago.  So, I knew you guys weren’t killed in the crash, but no one knew where you were.”
Derrick explains, “We decided after 24 hours that the transmitter was probably broken, because they would have been there already.  So we made the decision to leave the crash site and seek shelter.”  
“That’s what the rescue team figured.  They knew you were alive because
there were no human remains in the ashes and there was a really nice fire pit constructed by the crash site.  They figured that Dane would know to head toward the Northeast, so they started searching in that direction.  They found another fire with some wrappers of some sort.  They knew they were headed in the right direction at that point, but you were probably at the Aboriginal village by then.”  
“Yeah, we surely were.  What an experience that was,” I explain.  I went ahead and told him about the little girl and how she died.  He thought that was just awful.  
“I’m so glad you’re okay.  Now, let me fill you in on what happened here while you guys were out there roughing it.  I think the last time we talked, I had told you about the Pravastatin and the effect it had on the parasite.  We combined the Pravastatin with the Losartan and it worked.  It completely killed the parasite.  Stolz volunteered to be our guinea pig and took the first shot.  Within 24 hours, all of the parasites in his blood were dead.  We took several blood samples, and the results were the same.   Cole begged us to give it to him next, so we did, and he is parasite free as well.”
Nicola and Trevor walk into the Command Post and are so glad to see us.  “We thought you guys were gone for sure.”   I notice that Trevor has his hand on Nicola’s waist and he looks like a totally different person.  He is actually combing his hair now instead of letting it dry all messed up.  I think they have fallen in love.  I expected that because they have so much in common and understand how the other thinks.  They are perfect for each other.  They are telling us how they isolated the medicines and finally put the correct combination together to form the antidote.  They found it a lot quicker than I thought they would, but with two great minds working around the clock, it was inevitable.  
“I would like to go visit Stolz, Sevi, and Evan if it’s okay with you Geoff,” I say.
“Sure.  Come on, I’ll take you,” Geoff offers with a smile.  We get up from the table, and everyone decides to get up and come with us.  We are walking down the long corridor to where the rooms are now.  There is no need for them to be in quarantine since the parasite is dead.  Stolz’s room is the first one on the left, so we stop there first.
“Hey Stolz.  I hear you have mass quantities of dead bugs in you!” I announce as I enter his room. 
“Hey there, little lady.  Glad to see you’re alive and kicking.  We were worried about you guys.  Looks like you have a broken wing there.”
“Yeah, I do.  I had an Aboriginal Chief fix it right up for me.  How are you feeling?”
“Well, I feel good in my head, but my internal organs don’t want to cooperate. From the looks of the ultrasound, they are shot.  Nicola says my heart has taken the hardest hit, and I need a new one.  Too bad you can’t go to the local hardware store and buy a new ticker, huh?  Also, the parasites ate up most of my red blood cells, so my organs are all messed up and dying.  Even if they were to pump some good blood in me, it isn’t going to regrow the organs.  But, surprisingly, I’m not in a lot of pain.  I am on dialysis, and I have to carry around these bags to get rid of my waste, but my mind is still functioning.  I guess there is a chance I will live, so I remain positive.”
“What is the extent of the heart damage?” I ask Nicola.
“We had a cardiologist come in a few days ago and do an echocardiogram and he found severe stenosis of the aortic valve and severe pulmonary hypertension.  All completely understandable with the parasites killing the red blood cells.  The stenosis is probably because the dead parasites are attached to the walls of most of his arteries.  We haven’t figured out how to clear the blood of the dead parasites.  Maybe over time, they will exit the body through the waste.  We are testing for that with Cole.”
“So maybe if Stolz can get a new heart, he will survive, if the organs do not get any worse?” 
Nicola’s responds, “Maybe??”
No wonder Stolz is remaining positive.  He has a chance which is more than Evan or Sevi have.  Trevor says that they are much worse than Stolz.     
“You keep fighting, Stolz.  I am going to visit Evan and Sevi.”
“Okay, Kobi.  Glad to have you back and thanks for the visit.”
What an awesome person.  He has death staring him in the face and he remains so positive.  Probably his strong will to live is what’s keeping him alive. He is such a fighter.   Evan and Sevi are not as fortunate as Stolz.  There are heavily sedated because the pain is so intense.  We are walking to the rear of the building where they have set up a make-shift intensive care unit (ICU).  Evan and Sevi are side by side inside of a large, plastic oxygen tent.  Their skin is a lot darker, like Marci’s was, and they have lost a lot of weight.  I walk over to the tent, stand next to Evan, and immediately notice his breathing is shallow and labored.  It is just a matter of time for the two of them.  I am overcome with sadness as I leave the ICU because I know they aren’t going to live much longer.  What a shame.
We are headed back to the command post, and as I round the corner, there is Cole coming up the hallway.  “Hey, Kobi.”
“Hey, Cole, how ya doing today?” I give him a soft slug on the arm.
“Ouch!!  I’m just teasing.  I’m feeling great today.  Have you seen Evan and Sevi yet?”
“Yeah, that’s where we were.  Pretty bad situation.”
“I know.   I feel so sorry for those guys.   Stolz is a character, isn’t he?   I 
think he is going to make it because he is so determined.”
“I hope so!  How’s Buddy?”
“Come see for yourself.  I didn’t want to bring him in the ICU, so I put him in his cage, which doesn’t happen that often.”
I tell everyone walking with us that I’ll see them in a bit.  I am going to visit Buddy.  Geoff looks at me and shakes his head and reminds me that it is a rat.  I know it’s a rat, that’s what I love about it.  We walk into Cole’s room and he gets Buddy out of his cage.  What a sweety.  “Has your little girl met Buddy yet?”
“Yes.  They were here a few days ago for the first time.  They fell in love with Buddy just like I did.  My daughter said that it was better than a hamster or a guinea pig because he doesn’t stink at all.   They are coming back this afternoon.  Are you, Derrick, and Dane planning on being here this afternoon?”
Oh yeah, we will be here all day.  Can I hold Buddy for a minute?”
“Sure.”  Cole hands Buddy to me and I put him on my shoulder.  He starts sniffing my ear and licking the side of my face.  He crawls off my shoulder and gets on my arm where he starts to nibble-groom.  My little guy does that to me at home.  I start rubbing his head and the side of his face where his jaw bone is and he just loves it.  He tilts that little head to the side as if to say, Rub me more.  Then he starts to grind his teeth indicating that he is really happy.  Rats do this crazy thing called boggling where their eyeballs begin to pulse in and out of the socket.  Just another sign of happiness. 
I can’t get over how quickly Buddy and Cole have bonded.  It’s just amazing to see this sweet, innocent creature so dependent on a human.  Domesticated rats are a lot different than their crazy wild cousins.  
“Hey Cole, do you know that there are still some places in the state of Illinois that will not allow domesticated rats in state owned facilities.  I was visiting a friend in a nursing home last year and wanted to bring Buddee to see her.  The facility allows dogs, cats, and other domesticated animals inside the facility, so I thought I would bring him in to brighten her day.  I asked the administrator if it would be okay.  He told me he was going to have to ask the state for permission since I don’t have veterinarian papers on him.  The state said I couldn’t bring Buddee into the facility because of the plague and the disease that rats carry.  Talk about medieval thinking.”
“That is ridiculous, Kobi.”
“I know!  Even the administrator of the facility thought it was stupid.”
“Don’t they realize that the domesticated rats are cleaner than dogs or cats?”
“I guess not.  Besides, even if Buddee was infested with the plague flea, I would have the plague, and the fleas would be on me too, so I would get the nursing home infected, right?”
“Exactly!”
“Well, they didn’t see it that way, so I couldn’t bring Buddee.”
“Well, I sure am glad you gave me a rat, because I know I will never be without one again.  They are so affectionate and cute.”
 Cole comes over to me and holds his hand out toward Buddy so he can climb on.  Buddy immediately runs right up Cole’s arm and perches on his right shoulder.
“I’ll see you later Cole, I need to go talk to Geoff.  I want to know when he is planning to return to Perth with the antidote.”


Chapter 34

Geoff is probably in the lab talking to Trevor and Nicola, so I decide to stop there first before I go to the Command Post.  The three of them are sitting at a table in the corner of the lab talking.
“Hey, do you guys mind a little company?”
Trevor says, “No, we don’t mind at all.  Have a seat.”
“What are you guys working on?”
“We are trying to figure out how much antidote to make for the trip to Perth.  Nicola figured about 1cc for every 20 kilograms (45 pounds) of weight.  I’ll just explain it in pounds so you can follow easier.  The sheep station has 150 sheep, nine employees, and seven horses.  The average weight of a Merino sheep is 150 pounds, the employees are 220 pounds each, and the horses are Australian stock horses weighting about 1100 pounds each.  We need a total of about 750cc of antidote for the station alone.  We should probably have some extra for Taylor just in case he needs it.  I’ll make sure he gets the formula for the antidote,” Trevor explains.
Geoff asks, “How long will you need to make that much antidote?”
Nicola replies, “We should be finished by tomorrow afternoon if we work around the clock.  It requires constant attention, so if Trevor and I split the shifts, we will be able to finish it as promised.”
“Excellent!  I’ll put the jet on standby to depart for Perth tomorrow afternoon around 4:00 p.m.  Kobi, do you and Derrick want to come with me to Perth?  I would like Dane to come also.  I know you have tickets to fly back to the states departing out of Perth, and I know you want to go see Mrs. Jones.”
“Yeah, that sounds like a great idea.  I would like to go with you to the station and see Mrs. Jones.  I am eager to help out any way I can.  I wish Derrick and I didn’t have to go back home.  I really like it here.”
“I wish you guys could stay too.  I definitely have a place for you on my team and I know that Derrick could get a job at the zoo here in Darwin.  This place would be like heaven for him”
“I know.  Are you seriously making an offer?”
“Yes, I am.  We have a variety of departments within the CDC that would benefit from your knowledge.  I know you aren’t done with your degree, but we have excellent schools here in Darwin and I am sure they would transfer all of your credits.”
“I will have to talk to Derrick about that.  I would love to stay here.  I love
Australia, and I enjoy working here at the CDC.  For some reason, it feels right being here, like it is where I am supposed to be.  It’s hard to explain.”
“I know what you mean.  When something feels right, you know it.  Talk to Derrick about it, and let me know later.  No worries.”
“Thanks Geoff, I really appreciate that.”  I give him a big hug and kiss him on the cheek.   I think I embarrassed him a little bit because his cheeks turned red.    
“Geoff, did you request Henderson to fly us?”
“Yes I did, but with such nasty bump on his head, he might not be cleared medically to fly by the flight doctors.  We’ll see.”
I am really looking forward to seeing Mrs. Jones again.  Geoff talked to her yesterday and told her he had the antidote and would be flying out in a few days.  She has no idea that I am coming, so I’ll surprise her.  Taylor and Geoff have been in constant contact with each other and have a video conference call scheduled for 3:00 p.m. today to discuss and firm up the plans.  Geoff asked us to sit in on the meeting.
It is almost time for the conference call, so Geoff and I head to the Command Post.  Dane and Derrick are already there laughing and cutting up like two fraternity brothers.  They have become such good friends through this ordeal.  Dane is like the brother Derrick never had.  I have to admit that leaving Australia in a few days is going to be difficult.  I have really grown to love the country and have made so many friends here in such a short time.  Derrick and I seriously need to talk about the possibility of moving here. 
“Hey guys, what’s so funny?”
“Nothing honey, Dane was doing his best impersonation of John Wayne.  I
didn’t know John Wayne had such a thick Australian accent.  After the meeting,
you should hear him TRY to imitate “The Duke”.  Seriously funny stuff.”
“After the meeting, Dane.  Hey, Geoff wants us all to fly with him to Perth tomorrow.  They are going to administer the antidote on Mrs. Jones station.”
Dane replies, “That sounds great!  There are a lot of sheep that need the antidote, so the more hands on deck, the better.”
“Are we planning to leave from Perth after we are finished at the station?” Derrick asks.
“Yeah, I guess so.  Geoff has made me a serious offer for employment at the CDC here in Australia.  Can we talk about it later, over dinner?” I whisper in his ear.
“Sure, no problem,” he replies quietly.
Dane leans toward Derrick and whispers something in his ear.  I can’t hear what he is saying, but Derrick is nodding his head up and down.  Then Dane pats him on the shoulder and gives me a big grin.  I have no idea what that is about.  
The three of us start discussing how we are going to administer the antidote.  If we set up the chute again and bring the sheep in through the chute one by one like we did when we were collecting the blood, we can inject them as they pass through.  
Dane has a puzzled look on his face and says, “There is one thing that has been bothering me about the sheep.  They have been held in the upper pasture this entire time.  They are still eliminating waste, so how are the animal control officers keeping the waste from going right back into the ground.  I see a vicious cycle ahead.  How are they going to keep the sheep parasite free while the land is being decontaminated?”
As we discuss these issues aloud, Geoff interjects, “Taylor already took care of that problem.  He had the animal control officers’ transfer the sheep back to the lower pasture and built a special containment area on the upper pasture that allows the waste to be washed into a collection trough where it could be treated before it is disposed of.  It took about a day to install the system and appears to be working just fine.  It’s not permanent and can be removed once the crisis is over.   So after the sheep are given the antidote, they will be routed back to the same containment area.  The containment area can be divided into two sections.  Right now the sheep occupy the entire area, but when we start to move them out, a fence will be used to herd them over to one side of the area to allow for an exit and an entry point.  Taylor designed the system and it should work like a charm.”
Geoff continues, “The sheep will be held in the containment area until the entire farm has been treated and is parasite free.  Taylor built an add-on containment barn for the horses too.  The crop dusters have already been working on the grazing land, spraying bleach and other chemicals trying to kill the parasite.”
The big television screen in the Command Post has a picture of a conference room on it, so I am assuming that is the CDC office in Perth, and we are waiting for Taylor and Matthew to commence with the video conference call.  It is a live feed because I see Taylor and Matt entering the room.  They sit down at the table and push a few buttons and I hear, “Hello?”
Geoff pushes a few buttons and he says, “Hello” As soon as Taylor sees Derrick, Dane, and me, he jumps up and sticks his face right in front of the camera that is located in between the microphones.  He knew we were alive, but I guess seeing is believing.
“I’m so glad to see you guys!”
“It’s good to see you too!” Dane says with a huge grin on his face.
Geoff goes on to explain, “Nicola and Trevor should have the antidote ready by tomorrow afternoon, so we are planning to fly to Perth tomorrow evening.  Derrick, Kobi, and Dane are going to come give us a hand at the sheep station.”
“That’s wonderful!”
“We should be wheels on the ground around 7:00 p.m.  Do you mind making reservations at the hotel for us, plus the pilot?”
“No, not at all.  Four rooms, correct?”
“Yep.  Me, Derrick and Kobi, Dane, and the pilot.  That should do it.”
“Okay, consider it done.”
The meeting lasted for a few more minutes and then we said our goodbyes and disconnected the video feed.  The only thing for Derrick and me to do now is get to the hotel and get our stuff packed.  I also want to give Henderson a call.
Dane is going to meet us for dinner around 6:30 p.m. in the hotel restaurant, so that gives Derrick and me about two hours to get packed and talk about the possibility of moving to Australia.  We decide to leave the lab and head over to the hotel and get started with the large task of packing.  As we exit the command post, I see Cole and his little girl coming around the corner.  He sees me and reaches down to pick the little girl up.
He whispers in her ear, “That’s the lady that gave me Buddy.”  He looks at me, “Hey, Kobi.  This is my little girl, Ella.  Ella, this is Miss Kobi and her husband, Mr. Derrick.”  He taps Dane on the shoulder and says, “And this guy right here is Mr. Dane.”
Ella smiles and buries her head into Daddy’s chest.  She is super cute.
I walk over to her and gently wiggle her foot and say, “Hi, Ella.  Your Dad told me that you really like the rat I gave him.  Is that right?  Did he tell you that I have one just like that at home.  His name is Buddee, too.  I just spell it different.”
“Yes ma’am.  My Dad told me about your rat.  It was really nice of you to buy my Dad a rat, because he was really lonely here without me.”
“I knew your Dad was really lonely without you here, so the rat would be good company until he could see you again.  I kind of thought you would like him too.  Am I right?”
She nods her head yes.  “Do you let your rat run around at home?”
“The only place he is allowed to run around is on the bathroom floor, while I am taking a shower.  I have a tub next to the shower and usually put my towels there so when I get out, I don’t have to walk far.  He likes to climb up those towels and look at me through the glass.  I don’t think he can see me, but he knows I’m there.  I always put my hair up in a towel when I get out.  One of his favorite things to do is climb up the towel-headdress and sit right on the very top, like a meatball on top of a pile of spaghetti.”
She starts to giggle, uncontrollably.  Cole is grinning from ear to ear.  “What a sweet girl you have there, Cole.”
“I know.  She amazes me all the time.”
We visit for a few more minutes and explain to Cole that we have to get over to the hotel and start packing because we are leaving tomorrow.  We give each other a quick hug and Derrick, Dane, and I leave the lab.  As I walk away, I turn around and give Ella a wave good bye.  She is smiling at me and waves her tiny hand in the air.
 We need to start packing, but I seriously want to talk to Derrick about Geoff’s offer.  There is a coffee table with a couple of chairs in the room, so we decide to sit there and discuss the offer.
“Geoff has offered me a job working at the CDC and will allow me time to finish up my medical degree.  How do you feel about that?”
“I am floored by his offer.  This is a great opportunity for you, but is it something that you are interested in doing?”
“Yeah, I am very interested.  They do have medical examiners on staff with the CDC, and I would like to work in that capacity.  But, I can also do some field work if I get bored with the dead bodies.  I think this job will offer a lot of variety and be more of a challenge.  You know how I like a good challenge.”
“Yeah, I know.  You married me didn’t you?”
“Honey, you’re no challenge.  You were easy.”
“Good one, Kobi.  No, seriously, it this something you really want to do?”
“Yes, it is.”
“Well, I have to admit something to you Kobi.  Ever since we arrived here in Australia, I have felt right at home.  There is something about this place that makes me want to stay too.”
Listening to him say the very things that I am already feeling is remarkable.  It is amazing that two people can be so in sync with each other.
“I know what you mean.  It’s like we belong here.”
“I know!  Dane is like a brother to me and I am really going to miss him.  We have made so many great friends here.  The funny thing is they are really friends.  They don’t seem fake like the friends we have at home.”
“That’s exactly how I feel.  Do you think you can get on with the zoo here
in Darwin?”
“Maybe.  I was kind of thinking that maybe Dane and I could start a tour company or work together as guides in the Outback.   When you first mentioned moving here, that was the first thing that entered my mind when I thought about what I would do for work here.  Honestly, I think there is more opportunity for me as a zoologist here then there is in St. Louis, MO.  I think we should do it. ”
“Are you serious?”  I am so excited, I am about to jump out of my skin.  “I
can’t believe we are going to move to Australia.  Are we really going to do it?  I’m a little nervous, are you?” 
Derrick reaches out for my hands and tells me to take a deep breath and look him in the eye.  I do as instructed and look into his gorgeous eyes.  He says, “Yes, we are really going to do it.”
I jump up from the table like a school girl who has just been crowned Prom Queen.  I start jumping up and down.  Then I grab Derrick and hug him until he finally tells me he needs to breathe now.  I am so happy.   The fact that we are both excited and happy about our decision tells me that we have made the correct decision.  I can’t wait to tell Dane at dinner.  I hope he will be as excited as we are.  
One thing that I do need to do is call Henderson.  I didn’t hear from him today and I want to make sure that he is doing okay.  I dial his number and he answers the phone on the third ring.
“Hello?”
“Hi.  Henderson, is that you?”
“Yes, it is.  Who is this?”
“It’s Kobi.”
“Oh, hi, Kobi.  How are you guys doing?”
“We are doing fine.  How are you doing?”
“I’m doing fine.  I’m sorry I didn’t call you today.  I have been with the doctors all day trying to get clearance to fly tomorrow.  They finally cleared me this afternoon, so I will be able to fly you guys to Perth tomorrow evening.”
“I am so glad.  Hey, do you have any plans for dinner tonight?”
“Yeah, I’m sorry.  I am having dinner with my daughter tonight since I am
going to Perth tomorrow.  Why, what’s up?”
“Nothing that can’t wait until I see you tomorrow.   We are planning to be at Base Operations around 3:30 p.m., so I guess we will see you then.”
“Sounds good.  I am looking forward to it.  Are you riding shotgun?”
“Absolutely!”
“That’s a girl.  I knew you were a tough cookie.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Okay, Henderson, enjoy dinner with your daughter.  Manana.”
Derrick and I start the dreaded task of packing up the suitcases, but for some reason, we are not unhappy.  I can’t imagine what that reason could be…
We are headed to the restaurant to meet Dane for dinner.  I hope he is as excited about the news as we are to tell him.  He is already seated at a table and motions to us as we walk into the dining area.  We head over to the table and he stands up and throws his arm out toward Derrick and they shake hands like best friends.  
“Good to see you, Brother!”
“Hey man, what’s going on?”
“Not much, I just packed a little bag to take to Perth.  I’m sure glad I don’t
have to pack your room up.”  He starts laughing.
“Dane, Kobi and I have some news we want to share with you.  You are the first to know.  We have decided to move to Australia.”
“What, are you kidding?”
“No.  We are as serious as a heart attack.  Geoff has offered Kobi a job, and will give her time to finish her medical degree.”
“Dude, you and I can work together.  I don’t know what we can do, but we’ll figure something out.  Oh yeah man, this is heaps good.  I’ve had a good feeling about the two of you since the day I met you.  I don’t normally get this friendly with all of my clients, but there was something different about you.  I can’t put my finger on it, but I am glad you are moving here.”
“Awesome.”  Dane’s reaction did surprise me just a little bit, but I knew he felt a connection with Derrick, and now I know that the feeling between us is mutual.  Funny how he had the same thought about working with Derrick.
“When are you planning to make the great migration?”
“I don’t know.  We haven’t worked out any of the details yet.  Kobi has about six weeks left on this semester, so it will be at least two months before we leave.”
We order dinner and a few beers and enjoy the rest of the evening.  Finally, about 11:00 p.m., Derrick and I decided that we should get back to the room and pack a little more.   There is no reason for us to go into the lab early in the morning, so we will be able to finish in the morning.  At 1:00 a.m., we decide to call it a night and hit the sack.  


Chapter 35

Day 31
I am up at 8:00 a.m. and immediately continue with the packing.  Derrick is awake and pats the bed signaling me to come back to bed and lay with him a while.  You don’t have to ask me twice.  We are both very happy with the decision we made last night about moving here in two months.  I think we are really going to enjoy living here.  We eventually get up and finish packing.  There is a knock on the door about 11:30 a.m.   It’s Dane.  He wanted to let us know he would be running into Darwin for a couple of hours.  He will meet us at the lab around 2:00 p.m.  
Derrick and I finished packing at 1:00.  We will need to use the CDC van
to haul the suitcases to the airport, so we will pick them up on the way.  We don’t have to worry about the hotel room because the CDC has picked up the tab for our entire stay.  We arrive at the lab around 1:30 and immediately find Geoff and ask him if we can speak to him in private.  The three of us go to the Command Post and shut the door.
“What’s up guys?”
“Well, Geoff, Kobi and I would like to thank you for your gracious job offer.  We discussed it and thought about it for a long time last night and decided to pass on your offer right now.  But if the offer is still there in two months, we would love to move here and start a new life.”
At first, Geoff’s face is sad, but then he squints his eyes and says, “That wasn’t nice.  Welcome aboard!”  He shakes my hand and then Derrick’s.   “This is great news.”
“I need to finish up my current semester before we can leave, so I hope that is okay with you.  I am really looking forward to working with you and the team here at the CDC.”
“We are glad to have you on the team.  I think you are going to love the work and the country.”
“Thanks, Geoff.  I know Derrick and I are going to be happy here.”
“I think you will be happy too.”
“I talked to Henderson last night and he is going to fly us to Perth.”
“That’s great.  I’m glad the doctors cleared him for flight.  I know he is looking forward to getting back in the air.  Are we still planning a 4:00 p.m. departure?”
“Yes.  He is going to be at Base Operations around 3:00 p.m. to check the
weather and file his flight plan.  I told him we would probably be there around 3:30 p.m.  Derrick and I need to swing by the hotel on our way to the airport and pick up the bags.  We will need to use the van for that.  Do you mind?”
“No, not at all.  I figured you would probably do that.  I know you guys didn’t pack light.  Cole, Nicola, and Trevor are going to meet us back here in the command post at 2:30 p.m.  They want to see you guys off.  They will be excited about your news.  I’ll wait and let you tell them.”
“Okay.  I am going to say good bye to Stoltz.  Be back in a jiffy.”
I walk down the long hall to Stolz’s room and am pleased to see him sitting up in the bed when I walk in.  He catches sight of me and immediately perks up and grins from ear to ear.  
“Hey there little lady.”  He always calls me that.
“Well, hi there, Stotz.  You look like you are feeling better.”
“Believe it or not, I am.  Nicola says my prognosis is better.  I still have a lot of issues going on with my heart and most of my major organs, but with a few surgeries and hopefully some magic medicine, I will survive this.  I might not be fully intact, but I’ll be alive.  I wish I could say the same for Evan and Sevi.  I know Physician Assisted Suicide is illegal in Australia, but in cases like this, I wish it were legal.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean.  They are just waiting to die.  But I am glad to see you in such happy spirits.  I really think that your zest for life and that positive attitude of yours has helped you tremendously.”
“Well, what are you up to today, Kobi?”
“We are flying back to Perth with the antidote.  We’ll help Taylor at the sheep station for a few days, and then we are off to the United States, so I wanted
to say goodbye.”
“Oh, that’s a shame.  I was getting used to having you around.”
“Really?  I’ll see you soon though.  Derrick and I have decided to move back here.  Geoff has offered me a job.”
“Glad to hear it.  I know everyone here thinks highly of you and Derrick.   I, for one, am looking forward to taking you and Derrick out to dinner when you get back.”
“You got yourself a date, even if Derrick has to come along.”
We both start laughing.  “I’ll see you in a few months, okay?”
“Okay Kobi.  You take care and have a safe trip home.”
In my gut, I know he is going to make it.  I have never seen anyone with such a strong will and positive attitude.  On my way back to the Command Post, I meet up with Cole in the hall.  He is headed to the command post with Buddy on his shoulder, of course.   He is doing great.  He is getting stronger every day.  The parasite is almost totally gone from his blood now and his body is beginning to heal itself.
“So, you’re off to Perth today and then home?”
“Yeah, but we’ll be back.”
“Really?  When?”
“Probably in two months.” 
Cole has a very confused look on his face.  Then I tell him about Geoff’s offer and our decision to move to Australia.  He is so excited and delighted that I will be working with them at the CDC.
“Kobi, that is terrific!  Glad to have you aboard.  Are you going to bring Buddee?”
“I am planning on bringing him.  I don’t know the rules about bringing animals into the country, so I will have to find out more about that.”
“I’ll see if I can find anything out on my end and I’ll let you know.  Here, write your home phone number an address on this paper for me.  I want to keep in touch with you while you’re gone.”
After writing my information down, I give him a big hug and tell him we’ll meet up again real soon.  Back in the command post, Trevor and Nicola are waiting for me.
“Hey, we heard the news.  So you have decided to become an Aussie?”
“Yeah, we love it here.”
“I can’t wait to see you guys again.  I’ll be right here when you get back.  The staff here at Nicola’s lab has offered me a job as a Geneticist, so I’m not going anywhere,” Trevor announces.
“Congratulations, Trevor!”
“Thanks.  Have a safe trip home and we’ll see you in a few months.”
“We will.  You guys take care.”  We all hug each other and then the Perth bound group departs the facility.  At the hotel, it takes all of us to retrieve the luggage from the room and load up the van.   We finally get everything loaded and we are off to the airport, right on schedule.  That’s one thing I am a stickler for is being on time and thankfully, Derrick is too. 
As we pull into Base Operations, I notice the airplane is already pulled out front with the red carpet in place.  I don’t see Henderson by the plane, so he must still be inside filing his flight plan.  We pull up to the electronic gate and ring the buzzer.  The lady at the reception desk in the Fixed Base Operation pushes the button releasing the magnetic latch on the gate, which allows us to enter.   Marcus
has been kind enough to drive us here and pulls up right next to the plane.  While
the guys are unloading and loading the bags, I am going to check on Henderson.
He is at the Flight Service Station checking the weather one more time.  He doesn’t see me yet, so I am going to stand behind him and listen.  The weatherman is just wrapping things up so I lightly tap Henderson on the shoulder, and he is pleasantly surprised to see me.
He hugs me and says, “You are right on time, Kobi.  It’s good to see you.”
“You too!  How’s the bump on your noggin?”
“Oh, it’s fine.  I don’t even feel it anymore.  How’s the wrist?”
“I still feel it, unfortunately, but it is getting better.  How’s the weather?”
“Perfect.  No turbulence aloft this time, and it should be clear the entire way.”
“Great.”
“So you said you had some news to tell me.  Cough it up, girlfriend.”
“Well, Derrick and I have decided to move to Australia.  Geoff offered me a job working with him at the CDC.”
“Really?  That’s fantastic.  What is Derrick going to do?”
“He and Dane already have ideas in their heads for a tour guide company.  Derrick believes that there is more opportunity for him here than in St. Louis, so he is gung ho.  Geoff said I could finish my medical degree here, so everything has fallen into place perfectly.  We really like it here and have made some wonderful friends in the process,”   I say as I lightly punch him in the arm.
“Cool.  When are you coming back?”
“My semester is over in six weeks, so we are tentatively planning to be back in two months if everything goes according to plan.”
“Sounds good.  I’ve already filed our flight plan, so let me make a pit stop,
and then we will go preflight the jet.  Be right back.”  
I decide to take a quick pit stop as well.  Henderson and I walk out to the jet and see that the boys have everything loaded in the plane.  Henderson and I start the walk around and Dane, Derrick, and Geoff get on the plane and get comfortable.  After five minutes, Henderson and I climb on board the aircraft and start with the preflight/taxi checklist.  Engines are started and we are taxiing out.  Takeoff is uneventful and we are on our way to Perth. 
It feels good to be in a cockpit again.  I thought it would be a little strange after the crash, but it’s not.  It’s very normal.  Henderson doesn’t appear to be apprehensive either.  It is a beautiful day for flying.  There is not a cloud in the sky, and the air is smooth.  We have a slight tailwind, so we should get into Perth a little early.  
“So, Henderson, are you coming with us to the sheep station this time?  We aren’t going to dig up any bodies this time, I promise.”
“Yes, if it is okay with Taylor and Geoff, I would love to come.”
“I’m sure they won’t mind you tagging along.  If you know how to use a needle and squeeze, you can even help us administer the antidote.”
“I can do that!”
The flight is uneventful and we land right on time at Perth.  Taylor and Matthew are waiting for us outside of the General Aviation terminal and start waving as soon as they see us.  It is really good to see them both.  We unload the suitcases and proceed to the hotel.  Derrick is going to check with the concierge about storing some of our suitcases in another part of the hotel.  We don’t need to bring everything to the room, just what we are going to use here.   The concierge shows Derrick where he can keep the luggage until our departure.  Dane and Derrick start carrying the bags to the vacant storage area.
Our rooms are located on the 4th floor right next to each other.  We agree to get cleaned up and meet downstairs in the lobby at 8:00 p.m. for dinner.  Taylor wants to take us to a nice restaurant located right on the water called the Harvest Restaurant.  He said it’s probably one of the fanciest restaurants in Perth, and most of the celebrities go there when they are in town.  I am curious to try this place.
The meal is fantastic.  I opted for the venison and Derrick tried the fish.  Probably the best meal I have had in years.  I wasn’t disappointed at all.  I didn’t see any movie stars I knew, but there were some of the local celebrities dining in the VIP section.  I glance at my watch and notice it is close to 11:00 p.m.  
“Taylor, what time are we heading out to the station tomorrow?”
“Oh, I thought we would pick you guys up at the hotel around 8:00 a.m.”
Geoff speaks up and says, “Sounds perfect Taylor.  We’ll eat here before
you pick us up.”
Taylor settles the bill with the waiter and we head back to the hotel.  “See you in the morning.”
“Good night Taylor, Matt,” we say in unison.


Chapter 36

Day 32
Derrick and I decide not to eat breakfast this morning because we were still full from dinner last night.  I know it’s unusual for me not to be hungry for breakfast, considering it is my favorite meal, but for some reason I wasn’t hungry when I woke up.  Derrick felt my head to make sure I didn’t have a fever or something.  Funny.
Taylor and Matthew are right on time and waiting in the lobby when we walk in.  We are the first ones down so we decide to help ourselves to a cup of coffee at the coffee bar the hotel has set up in the lobby.  Dane, Henderson, and Geoff will be down shortly.
Everyone is downstairs now and we are ready to go.  The CDC lab truck is already at Mrs. Jones’ house, so we are in a passenger van.  Taylor has been out to see Mrs. Jones several times since we left and she is doing fine.  He checked her blood again just a few days ago to make sure she was still parasite free.  She is.  
We pull into the station a few hours later, and the place looks busy.  There are several trailers set up alongside the road and about a dozen cars.  The animal control officers decided to stay here in the trailers until the crisis was over.  Most of the people helping Mrs. Jones don’t live anywhere near here, so I guess they decided just to stay.  
“See that trailer right there,” as he points to a small, white, pull behind trailer, “that’s where we have the coffins stored.  We couldn’t put the daughter and the grandson back in the ground until we had the soil decontaminated.  As soon as the soil and water are clear of the parasites, we’ll bury them again.”
“Did any of the sheep die?” I ask.
“No, thankfully.  They have been doing a really good job keeping the holding pens clean.  The sheep aren’t small either which helps.  They are the size of a full grown man.”
“Yeah, that’s true.  Who are all the people out there in the pasture and what are they doing?” Derrick inquires.
“Those are our people.  They are taking random soil samples.  The crop dusters have been spraying these fields for days, and another team has been spraying the area the planes can’t get to.  We are hoping that the samples we collect today will show a dead parasite.  All we can do is cross our fingers.”
Dane speaks up and says, “That’s a lot of biohazard suits,” as he glances at the field where 50 or so men are collecting samples.
“Yes, it is.”
“Sounds like we have some work to do today while the boys are giving shots to the employees, sheep, and horses.”
“Yes, we do, Kobi.  We will have to check every one of the soil samples
too.  Just checking every fifth one like we did with the sheep won’t work in this case.  Every inch of the pasture and meadow must be parasite free.”
“About how many samples are they planning to collect?”
“Well let’s see.  She has about 500 acres of land and I want two samples from each acre, so we are looking at 1000 samples.”
“Whew!  That’s a lot.  When did they start collecting them?”
“Yesterday morning.  They should be done in a few hours.  We can start testing the samples right away.”
“How are we going to know which sample came from where?”
“Luckily, one of the workers came up with a plan.  A flag will be placed in the ground where the sample was taken and numbered.  They sectioned out the acres with cord and have a pretty good numbering system.  It’s complicated, but it will work.  I have the chart in the truck.”
I see the old house and sitting there on the front porch in her chair is Mrs. Jones.  A big grin lands on my face and I am really excited to see her.  When she sees me get out of the car, she stands up and opens her arms wide.  She is so glad to see me.  I don’t know what it is about this lady, but she reminds me of my grandmother and I really like her.
“How are you Mrs. Jones?”
“I’m fine Kobi, but you’re not.  What did you do to your arm?”
“I kind of landed the wrong way and broke it.”
“Oh, you poor thing.  Does it still hurt?”
 “A little bit, but it’s fine.  The bone is healing fine.”
“That’s good.  I see you brought your husband and friends along with you.
It’s really good to see all of you again.”
“I did!  Derrick and Dane you know, but this is Geoff, the CDC Director from Darwin, and Henderson, our pilot and my dear friend.”
She reaches out her hand and says, “It is very nice to meet you.”
They both say, “It is very nice to meet you too, Mrs. Jones.”
“Aren’t you the fellow that I talked to on the phone?” she says looking at Geoff.
“Yes ma’am, that’s me.”
“Okay, now I am making the connection.  So, what’s on the agenda today?”
Geoff explains to her what the plans are for the day.  “The employees will be the first ones to get the antidote.  After that, we will inject the horses and the sheep.  Kobi, Taylor, and I will be busy most of today and tomorrow checking the soil samples they are collecting.  We want to make sure the soil is parasite free before we release the sheep back onto the property.”
“It sounds like you are going to be very busy for the next couple of days.”
“Yes ma’am, we will be.”
Taylor walks up to the porch and says hi to Mrs. Jones.  “Are you folks ready to get started?”
We all look at each other and nod yes.   Here we go!  “See you later, Mrs. Jones.”
Henderson asks Geoff, as we are walking down the porch, “What would 
you like me to do?”
“Well, you have a choice.  You can help Derrick and Dane administer the antidote to the sheep, or you can help us with the soil samples.”
“See ya,” Henderson says as he walks with Derrick and Dane over to the
holding pen.  I guess that answers that question.  I can’t say I blame him for wanting to help those guys.  Our work with the soil is going to be tiring and monotonous. 
Taylor is over in the employees’ quarters giving them the antidote right now.  Geoff and I are going to get suited up so we can get started with the soil.  We step into the truck and can’t believe our eyes.  I have never seen so many vial trays in my life.  I would guess there are probably 700 vials in here right now.  It is a bit overwhelming and hard to figure out where to start.  It almost paralyzes you because there is so much to do.  
Taylor steps into the truck and has the same reaction as we do.  He says, “Well, I reckon we better get started.  I think the way we need to attack this task is simple.  Kobi, take a Q-tip, dip it in water, dip the tip in the vial of dirt, and then smear it on a microscope slide.  Write the vial number on the slide and hand it to me.  I’ll say the slide number out loud, and Geoff, you record the results.  We’ll switch positions every now and then so we don’t get careless or bored. Geoff and I both agree with his plan and get started.   First vial tray, first vial.  Q-tip, water, smear, write number down, and hand it to Taylor.  Taylor calls out the number and looks at it carefully.
“Negative.  I don’t see anything.  Take a look Kobi.”
I look carefully and say, “I don’t see any.  The only ones I see are dead.”
“Okay, Geoff, number 101 is a negative.”  Geoff finds the number on the
spreadsheet and checks the negative column.  “One down, 999 to go.”
This process goes on for hours with us swapping jobs every half an hour.  Taylor announces we need to take a break.  We get out of the bio suits and walk outside to breathe the fresh air.  I see Derrick, Dane, and Henderson working on the sheep, so I decide to stretch my legs and take a walk over to where they are working.  
“It looks like you have a good system going there.”
Derrick turns to me and says, “Yeah, it is working pretty well.  I am the chute operator while Dane and Henderson are the shot givers.  We will have these sheep done in about two hours.  How’s it going in the truck?”
“It is tedious, tiring work.  It is going to take a long time to get through all those vials.”
“I’ll come help you when I get finished here.”
“That would be great.  There are two microscopes in the truck, so with your help, we will be able to get it done twice as fast because both Geoff and Taylor can look at the samples while you and I put them on the microscope slides.”
“I can do that.”
“Super.  I’ll see you later.”
I step into the truck and see more vials of dirt on the table.  The guys just brought in another batch from the fields.   
“This is the last of it, Kobi,” Geoff says with excitement.
We assume our positions and start the process all over again.  One by one the vials are checked and recorded.  So far, we haven’t found any trace of the parasite in any of the soil samples, which is great news.  We have finished right at 200 vials of soil and decide to take another break.  Derrick, Dane, and Henderson are just finishing up with the sheep and have the horses still to do.  That won’t take them very long.
Mrs. Jones is coming up the driveway in her car and sees us standing outside in front of the truck.  She stops and rolls down her window.
“I went into town and picked up lunch for everybody.  It isn’t much, just a loaf of bread and some lunchmeat.  Why don’t you take a break and come have some lunch.  It’s 2:00 p.m. and I know you have to be hungry.”
“Absolutely, we’ll be right there, Mrs. Jones.”
Once we get everyone rounded up, we head to the house and see Mrs. Jones putting the final touches on the sandwiches.  She even bought some bottled soda for us to drink.  The food tastes good, and I am hungrier than I thought.  Oh yeah, I didn’t have any breakfast; that explains it.  
“Thank you so much for lunch, Mrs. Jones.  We really do appreciate it,” Geoff says standing to his feet.
The six of us meet in front of the truck for a quick meeting.   Taylor and Geoff will be on the microscopes, Derrick and I will be on soil detail, and Henderson and Dane will record the findings.   1000 samples is a lot to look at, and I’ll be surprised if we finish them today.  We’ll be lucky to get 500 done.  
By 6:00 p.m., we are exhausted.  Looking at the list, we checked 625 samples today.  Not too shabby.  
“Let’s call it a day,” Taylor announces.
No one argues with that idea at all.  We’ll come back in the morning to finish the samples.  With the six of us working, we will have them finished in about three hours.   
“I’ll go tell Mrs. Jones that we are done here for today.  I’ll be right back,” I say.
Taylor locks the truck, and we pile into the van.  We are going to stay at the same motel we stayed at before.  I’m very tired and can’t wait to go horizontal.  I don’t know why I am so tired; it’s not like I did anything strenuous today. I just want a quick bite from the restaurant adjacent to the motel and then a nice long bath.  After that, sleep.
I think Derrick is planning to have a beer with the guys while I am taking my bath, so I will enjoy a bath even longer.  We are leaving in two days, so I’m sure he and Dane have a lot to discuss about their future together as tour guides.  
We pull into the motel and pile into the restaurant for a quick meal.  I give Derrick a quick kiss on the forehead and go to my room.  As I am drawing my bath, I happen to glance at myself in the mirror, and am surprised to see the dark circles rooted under my eyes.   I reach in my bag, get out my facial cleanser, and give my face a good wash.   I don’t like to use the motel soap because it dries my skin out badly.  
I squeeze a little bit of body wash in the stream of water cascading into the tub and slide down into the water, being careful not to get my cast wet.  Oh, this feels so good.  I reach for the hot water handle, and increase the temperature as hot as I can stand it.  Once the tub is filled, I turn off the water and soak.  I’m enjoying the heat of the water, and decide to lean my head back onto a towel I have rolled up.  I close my eyes and relax.  I can feel the tension leaving my body as the steam rises above the thin layer of bubbles on top of the water.  It is so quiet.
I stay and soak in the water until it gets so cold, I can’t stand it anymore.  I
regrettably get out of the tub and dry off.  I think I am going to pull my hair into a ponytail and call it done.  I don’t know what time Derrick will be back, but I decide to climb into bed and turn the television on.  They are showing reruns of my favorite show, NCIS, so I’ll just cuddle up with Gibbs and enjoy the evening.  
Someone is shaking my shoulder telling me to wake up.  “Gibbs, not
tonight, I’m tired.”  
“Honey, wake up.  It’s Derrick, not Gibbs.  Have you been watching NCIS again?”
“Oh, hi Baby.  What time is it?”
“It’s just after 10:00 p.m.”
“I must have fallen asleep.  Did you have fun with the boys?”
“Yeah, I had a blast.  We were talking about our first loves and wondering what happened to them.  Taylor was hilarious.  His first love was a girl named Heather.  He told us story after story about her and then informed us that her name is now Hector.  Turns out the girl was really a dude, and he didn’t know it.”
“How could he have not known she was a dude?”
“Well, I guess he never got to second base.  I asked him why the ‘he/she’ was dressing up as a woman in the first place.  He really didn’t have an answer other than the ‘he/she’ was a little confused about her gender.  They were only 12 and 13 years old.”
“I can’t believe the mother of the boy would let him dress up as a girl and pretend to be a girl.  That sounds a little far-fetched, don’t you think?”
“I don’t know, but it sure makes for a funny story.  Especially when he gets to the part when he found out the girl of his dreams was a dude.”
“How did he find out?”
“Well, I should really let him tell the story because he tells it so well.  I’ll try, but it won’t be as funny.   Heather was running around the track during gym class in her prissy fashion when out of nowhere, a soccer ball from the infield hit her in the gut.   She grabbed her groin and fell to ground moaning in pain.  Everyone in the class rushed over to see what the matter was, including the coach.  He bent down beside her and asked her if she was okay.  That’s when the coach realized, Heather was not a Heather at all.  The coach stood up, looked at her/him, shook his head, and walked away.  Heather eventually got up and walked directly to the front office.  No one ever saw her again.  Taylor said he felt sick.
“Are you serious?”
“Yeah, I am.  The way he tells the story is what makes it so funny.”  He kisses me on the forehead and says, “Let me go get cleaned up.  Back in a flash.”
I follow him into the bathroom to brush my teeth and use the bathroom one more time.  I go right back to bed and wait for him to finish.  


Chapter 37

Day 33
I wake fairly early with an awful pain in my stomach.  Something is coming up my esophagus.  I run to the toilet and start vomiting.  I immediately think back to the meal I had last evening and can’t imagine what could have made me this sick.  I am hugging the toilet, with my cheek on the side of the bowl thanking it for being cool.  Derrick comes running into the bathroom and gets on the floor right next to me with a wet wash cloth.
“What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know.  I had a pain in my stomach and then just starting throwing up, I don’t know why.”
Derrick stands up and gets me a small glass of ice cold Pepsi out of the mini-frig in the room.  “Here, see if this helps.”
I take a few small sips and say, “I remember when I was a little girl, I would get sick for no reason at all.  Sometimes, I would wake up, throw up, and get ready for school.  It happened often.  I’m sure this is nothing.  Do we have any crackers?”
“No we don’t, but I’ll run across the street to the store and grab a sleeve of crackers.  I’ll be back in a flash.”
Just before Derrick walks out the door there is a knock.  Derrick opens the door and sees Dane outside in the hallway.
“G’day Derrick.  Are you and Kobi ready to go get breakfast?  We are meeting Taylor and Geoff at 10:00 a.m.”
“No, not really.  She is throwing up this morning, so I am going to go across the street for some crackers.  Do you want to come?”
“No worries, let’s go.”
Derrick leaves the can of Pepsi by the bedside and heads to the grocery store.  I lay my head back down and try really hard to clear my mind and let the Pepsi take effect.  It is starting to feel better.  I glance at the clock and notice that it has been about two hours since Derrick and Dane left.  I must have fallen asleep.  Where could they be?  A few minutes later, Derrick comes in and has blood all over his shirt.
“What on earth?  Derrick, it that your blood?  Where’s Dane?”
“Dane is in the hospital.  He’s going to be fine, so don’t worry.  He was shot in the shoulder.  The bullet went straight through the flesh and exited out the back just above the shoulder blade.  He is very lucky.”   
“Shot!” I yell as I sit up in bed completely forgetting about my nausea. “Start at the beginning.  What happened?”
“We walked in the store, and went to the aisle where the crackers were located.  We were looking at all the different crackers they had trying to figure out which one would be best, when we heard someone toward the front of the store yelling.  We looked at each other and didn’t really give it much thought.  The yelling intensified and then we heard a woman scream.  We looked down the aisle toward the check-out register and saw a man with a gun.  He was waving the gun in the air demanding the clerk to give him all the money in the register.  The clerk must have been taking too long because the man grabbed the screaming woman and said that he was going to shoot her if he didn’t hand over all the money right now.”
“Are you kidding me?”
“No Honey, I am as serious as a heart attack.  Anyway, he had the gun pointed at the lady’s head, right at her temple.  She was terrified!  Then the man looked around and noticed us looking at him from the back of the store and demanded that we come to the front of the store where he could see us.  So, Dane and I walked up toward the front of the store and sat on the floor right in front of the soda cooler.  We could hear the sirens coming, so we thought this was all going to be over soon, but that’s when things started getting tense.  The man became so irate and started threatening to kill us one by one, starting with the woman he had at gunpoint.”
Derrick takes a swig of Pepsi and continues, “He was furious that someone had called the police and was demanding to know who did it.  The clerk told him that there was a panic button behind the register and that he had pushed it earlier because, after all, that’s what the switch is for.  Well, the gunman turned the gun on the clerk and fired, hitting the man in the chest.  The man went down hard.  I jumped up to go over and help the injured man, but the robber pointed the gun at me and told me to sit down and shut up.  I did.  I could hear the man behind the register moaning and writhing in pain, but I was helpless.”
“You are so lucky he didn’t shoot you right then and there!”
“I know!  The police were in front of the store with their guns drawn ordering the gunman to come out with his hands up.  Honestly, Kobi, I felt like I was in a movie.  It was so surreal.  I think the gunman was on drugs or something, because he had this wild, crazy look in his eyes and wasn’t about to surrender, you could just tell.  He was yelling back at the cops, but I don’t really know what he was saying.  It was mumbo-jumbo.  Dane and I looked at each other and couldn’t believe this was happening.  I whispered to Dane if he had any ideas about what we could do to take this guy down, and Dane shook his head left to right and whispered, ‘No.’  The gunman looked at me with his gun pointed right at my heart and yelled, ‘If you say another word, I will shoot you.  Do you understand?’ I put my lips together and didn’t say another word.
“Everyone was scared, including me.   I could hear sniffling and crying, but there was nothing we could do.  We were at the mercy of a crazy man.  A few seconds later, the phone behind the register rang.  The man grabbed a woman off the floor and told her to answer the phone.  I knew it was probably the police trying to negotiate the gunman out of the store.  She looked at the gunman and told him it was the police and they wanted to talk to him.  He was very irrational with them on the phone making demands that were not physically possible.  He slammed the phone down on the counter and threw a tantrum.  
“I was really surprised that he didn’t shoot one of us because he was so mad.  Then he started hitting his head with his hands, one of which had the gun in it.  Obviously, he didn’t feel the pain, because a trickle of blood was coming down his forehead, so he must have cut himself with the gun during his fit of frenzy.  Kobi, this guy was an idiot, I mean, completely off his rocker.   At this point, I didn’t even want to make eye contact with the man, because I thought he would take it as a threatening gesture.  So, I just pulled my knees up into my chest and stared at the tops of my shoes.  
“There was a young woman in there that really had to go to the hospital.  Her daughter was recovering from open heart surgery, and the woman had just gone home for a few hours to get a little sleep.  She was frantic because her little girl was still in the Intensive Care Unit and not out of danger yet.  She begged him to let her go.  She was crying uncontrollably.  I could tell that the gunman was getting very annoyed with the woman.  I tried to get the woman to be quiet, but by now she was hysterical.   She was rocking back and forth crying, ‘Please let me go; I have to get to my little girl, please!’  
“The gunman was pacing back and forth, glancing out of the window at the police, getting more agitated with every passing moment.  Then, all of a sudden, he reached down and yanked the woman up by her hair and yelled at her to shut up.  This situation was about to go from bad to worse.  The woman was like a ragdoll--exhausted and defeated.  The man looked at her and said that if she didn’t shut up, he would shut her up.  He put the gun in her mouth.  Dane lunged forward toward the man and grabbed the gun.  There was a struggle and then a gunshot.  Dane took a hit, but continued to fight with the gunman.  He managed to get the gun away from the gunman and render him unconscious, thanks to a large bottle of wine sitting by the register.  He knocked the gunman out cold.  I jumped up and grabbed some rope off the shelf behind me and tied him up.  There was another man in the store who volunteered to go outside and get the police. 
“I went over to Dane to see if he was okay and noticed that he had been shot in the shoulder. I grabbed a rag and held it on the wound.  That’s when I noticed that the bullet had gone straight through his shoulder.  At that moment, I knew Dane was going to be fine.  Someone else was behind the register checking on the man that had been shot in the chest.  He wasn’t as lucky.  He was dead.  
“The police entered the store, and I told them that the gunman was on the floor, tied up.  They called for an ambulance and a coroner.  They took a quick statement from Dane and then escorted him to the ambulance.  They took my statement next, because I told them that I had to go tend to my sick wife.”
I grab Derrick and give him the biggest hug I can muster up.  I feel terror. It’s really hard to explain the feeling you get when you find out, after the fact, that someone you really love could have been killed.  It’s the feeling you get when you almost have a terrible car accident, but at the last moment you manage to swerve the car and avoid the collision.  You aren’t scared while it is happening; you are scared after it is over.   You’re scared because of what COULD have happened.  I was shaking and trembling as I hugged him.  
He assures me he is fine, but I can’t stop shaking.  Then he handed me the crackers.  I just laughed and hugged him again.  After all that, he remembered the crackers.  I am feeling much better now and decide to get dressed after eating some crackers.  Derrick really wants to go to the hospital to visit Dane.  While I am getting dressed, Derrick asks me the oddest question.    
“You’re not pregnant, are you?”
“No, I don’t think so.  Why do you ask?”
“Dane mentioned it when we were looking at the crackers.  He mentioned, with a smile, that it might be morning sickness and said, ‘Dane is a nice name.’  I just smiled and keep browsing for crackers.”
“Oh, he’s funny.  Dane is a nice name, but I’m not ready to have children yet. You?”
“No, not yet.  I really want you to finish Medical School and get settled in your career.  I was thinking maybe in a few years, we might have a couple of kids.  I’m in no hurry.”
“You always put me first; what about yourself?”
“I don’t have to finish school; you do.  I can find a job here, no problem.”
“True.  Well, I’m almost ready.  Give me a couple of minutes and I’ll be good to go.”  I’m thinking in my head, I don’t think I’m pregnant.  Hmmmm.
While I am finishing up, I hear Derrick pick up the phone.  “Hey Geoff, it's Derrick.  Listen, we are going to be a little late.  Something pretty serious happened this morning and Dane is in the hospital.  Kobi and I will be downstairs in a few minutes and we’ll tell you all about it.”
Derrick and I leave the room and head downstairs to meet with Taylor, Geoff, and Henderson.  We sit down in the lobby, and Derrick tells them everything that happened.  Geoff is in a state of shock, I think.  He hasn’t said a word and his mouth is open.  Of course, we are going to go to the hospital to see Dane and make sure he’s okay.  Taylor has the car parked out front and offers to drive us to the hospital.  It only takes about five minutes to get there since this is such a small town.  I am really surprised they even have a hospital.  
We pull into the parking lot, and I am not surprised to see that the hospital
is a simple one story office building with a handful of parking spots in the front.  There is an Emergency room though, which is where I am guessing Dane is.  We walk into the building and go to the nurse on duty.  She directs us to a room down the hall on the left.  The five of us walk into the room and see Dane sitting up on the edge of the bed with a sling around his arm.  
“The doctor said it was a clean entry and exit wound.  I have a few stiches in the front, and a few in the back.  There is no damage to the shoulder at all.”
“That’s great news,” Derrick says and sighs with relief.
“Yeah, Doc says that I am gonna be sore for a while, but that’s okay.  I saved that Sheila’s life, I think.”
“Yes, you did.  He was about to shoot her, I’m sure of it.  You are a hero, man.”
“I don’t feel like a hero,” he says with a huge grin on his face.  
I walk over to Dane and gently hug his good side and whisper, “I’m glad you’re okay, and no, I’m not pregnant.”
He starts to laugh and says, “I really like the name Dane.  You can use it for a boy or a girl.”
Everyone in the room has a good laugh.  
Derrick asks, “So when are you going to be released?”
“The Doc said I could leave anytime.  There is no reason to keep me overnight, so I can leave now, if that’s okay with you guys.  No need to drop me off at the hotel.  I’d like to go to the station with you.  Can we eat breakfast first though; I’m starving.”
Everyone in the room, including the nurse, breaks out into a gut-busting laugh.  Geoff settles the bill with the receptionist and we leave the hospital.  There
is a diner just up the road; we’ll stop there for breakfast.  
When we arrive at the station, we see that Matthew is already there checking on the employees.  One by one, there blood is being checked, and so far the antidote is working—the parasites are dead.
We get finished with the soil samples within a few hours and decide to go pay Mrs. Jones a visit.  As we approach the house, she walks out of the front door and sits in her chair on the porch.  “Hello, Mrs. Jones, we all say.”
“Hello.  Are you all finished?”
“Yes ma’am, we are,” Taylor says.  “We have checked 1000 soil samples, and there is no evidence of the parasites.  They appear to be dead--all of them.  The sheep will be monitored, and their blood will be checked in a few days to make sure the parasites are dead before releasing them back to graze.  My team of animal control officers are going to stay in place until everything is back to normal.”
“Good!  I’m so glad.  When is your friend, Ken, going to come back?”
“I talked to him last night, and he will be out here tomorrow.  Is that okay?”
“Oh yes, that’s great.  I really appreciate everything you’ve done--all of you.”  She glances at me and says, “I hope that the next time you and your husband come to Australia, you will come visit me.”
“Yes ma’am, of course we will.  In fact, Derrick and I are planning to move to Darwin in a few months, so we may be seeing you real soon.”
“That’s wonderful.  Are you going to be working with the CDC?”
“Yes ma’am, I am.  Geoff offered me a job I couldn’t refuse.”
“That’s wonderful.”
I walk over to her, and give her a big hug.  “You take care of yourself, Mrs. Jones, and I’ll see you soon.”  She returns the hug and we descend down the stairs of the front porch and get into the van.  I glance back at her and see her standing on the porch waving as we drive away.  I return the wave as we pick up speed and drive down the long driveway that exits her property.  
We still need to swing by the hotel and check out before we go to Perth.  That shouldn’t take us long at all.  Hopefully, we will be on the road soon, because our flight departs at 7:00 p.m. for Los Angeles.   It’s 1:00 p. m. right now and the drives takes a couple of hours, so we should have plenty of time.  
It’s 3:00 p.m. when we hit the outskirts of Perth, and another half an hour before we get to the hotel.  We still have a lot of suitcases to pick up before we go to the airport.  The airline wants us to arrive two hours prior to departure, which will allow us time to get all the bags checked and go through security.  Just to be safe, Derrick and I are planning to get to the airport around 4:30 p.m.  We figure it will take that long for a bellman to unload our bags and help us into the terminal.  We have a total of six suitcases and two carry-ons.  
Everything is loaded into the van, and we are off to the airport.  It’s hard to believe that our adventure has come to an end here in Australia, but we will be back in a few months to start a new one.  We really aren’t saying good bye to anyone, we are just saying, see you soon.  We pull up to the passenger load and unload zone and motion for a bellman to come help us with our bags.  Just when we start to unload the van, Geoff gets a phone call.
“Oh, hi Trevor.  How are things in Darwin?”  There is a long pause and I see a frown come across Geoff’s face.  “Are you serious?  When was the email sent?”  Another long pause.  “Okay, I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Geoff, what was that about?” Taylor inquires.  
“When the CDC went to the lab facility, where Trevor used to work, they recovered a computer belonging to the doctor responsible for creating the parasite, Dr. Elliot.  He was the one who wanted to release it at that business meeting Trevor was supposed to go to.  Well, anyway, Trevor wanted us to know that the computer was finally hacked into by our team and they found a lot of e-mails to this doctor in New York.  The most disturbing e-mail was the last one sent right before his death, based on Trevor’s timeline.  The e-mail simply stated,
“I did it.  The parasite has been released.  Here’s the formula.”
###

About the Author


Jeanie Hood is a retired KC-135 Air Force pilot and has served in the Gulf War, Operations Iraqi and Enduring Freedom.  She is originally from Morgan City, LA, but currently resides in O'Fallon, IL.  She enjoys travelling with her son and substitute teaching for local schools...
