Pigpen's Black Forest Blues
by
Kevin Donohue
& Mark Lind-Hanson




Pigpen's Black Forest Blues
by
Kevin Donohue and Mark Lind-Hanson

Copyright 2022 Kevin Donohue and Mark Lind-Hanson
ISBN: 9781005637484 


What IF...?

Pigpen's Black Forest Blues is a work of fiction. All incidents and dialogue, and all characters with the exception of members of the Grateful Dead, are products of the author's imagination and are not to be construed as real. Where members of the Grateful Dead appear, the situations, incidents, and dialogues concerning those persons are entirely fictional and are not intended to depict actual events or to change the entirely fictional nature of the work. In all other respects, any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
On a personal note, our love, respect, and admiration for Ron Pigpen McKernan and the Grateful Dead should be self-evident to readers of Pigpen's Black Forest Blues. This little coming-of-age fable is our very own love letter to 'Blue Ron' and his comrades in the Grateful Dead. 
Therefore, this story is FREE and not for sale.
-KD & MVL-H





Pigpen's Black Forest Blues is based in part on letters between Wallace Mantis Jr. and Guillaume Caltrop, in 1972. 'Wally' and 'Cal' were undergraduate students from California in Europe digging the Grateful Dead on their fabled 1972 tour. 


Table of Contents

Pigpen's Last Stand

1) April 1972

2) May 1972

3) The Black Forest

4) The Show Must Go On

5) Books


Pigpen's Last Stand: Europe 1972



26-year-old Ronald 'Pigpen' McKernan was in declining health and only a shadow of his former self when he was interviewed by a music journalist when the Grateful Dead arrived in England to kick off their legendary 1972 European tour.
“I was in the hospital for three weeks, and out of the band for two and a half months. I had ulcers caused by drinking too much booze. I'm better now though, and passed the milk-only stage. I just don't drink at all now, though I can eat what I like.
“It baffles me, the superhero reputation. We keep hearing reports of this, but we've only been here once before and I don't think we sold so many records. We ain't Superstars over in the States. We're just another medium-to-well-known band. We're no Three Dog Night or Creedence. We just consider ourselves general folks.
“Jerry and I both grew up with rhythm and blues really. We've been brothers for about 10 years now. We were hoodlum lads, greaser types. We used to run around in gangs. We liked good-time music, country/rhythm and straight blues.
“Coming to Britain is just an opportunity for us to see Europe. I don't personally care if I come home with no money, as long as we cover what we put out. We've been trying to have the ticket prices put down for the concerts here because we don't like to burn people. I don't mind having more dollars in my pocket but that's not primarily our reason for being here.”
Despite his failing health, Pigpen delivered some of his very finest performances on this final tour with the Dead.
In July 1972, he retired from performing.



1) April 1972



April 9, 1972, Some bird named Pammy’s flat, Chelsea, London, UK
Dearest Wally
Woof! London and the Grateful Dead! I could bore you about my adventures hitch-hiking into the city from Brighton, but that’s another letter for another time. After all, the universe is expanding and so are we. The faster we go, the rounder we get. 
I managed to arrive at the Wembley Empire Pool with an hour to spare. Maybe St. Stephen was watching over me. The place kinda looks like the Cow Palace, except it has tons and tons of windows and these weird corner towers that look like minarets in Arabia or India. May the sun never set on the Limey Empire, blah, blah, blah.
Anyway, I bought some L outside from a very strange 'bloke' loitering around the paying customers in the line. Just your average Artful Dodger type wearing a dinky stocking hat, long rubber raincoat, gaudy vest, red suspenders, striped trousers, and buckled hobnailed boots… when he flashed open his raincoat, I was almost expecting to see his willy or else dirty postcards or stolen watches. No, only dope pipes and other stuff.
“Trips 'round the bay, mate,” he hissed as his beady eyes darted around for any suspicious Bobbies. “Beautiful people, roit?”
The line began to move so I scarfed the blotter and by jove I went inside…
Let me tell you, the place on the inside looked like some sort of triangular gymnasium maybe from HG Wells with weird skylight windows way up high. Some dude told me there used to be a SWIMMING POOL like under the floor, and I said, no shit? I began to have some very weird thoughts—what if the freak was lying because I was a Yankee? Maybe the pool was still down there and this was a trap! Ha-ha-ha. Could you just imagine the floor opening up at the end of the show and dumping everybody into the water, even the band? Imagine swimming for your life with Jerry Garcia.
The First Set … god I could have taken a century to come on! There were a lot of songs in there that I know and definitely some new ones too, but shit, without the set-list in front of me what can I say? All I can really really remember about that night was what happened was in Set 2 when they began to play Dark Star… I found myself sitting next to this big blonde who was there all alone. I really wanted to maybe comfort her or something. 
Pigpen would say “It’s OK!” 
Then the band started this intergalactic message from beyond the stars like it was some cosmic instruction kit being wired into my head by alien starship troopers… and Garcia started tearing down the structures as Billy and that new guy Keith matched him beat for beat into a whip-snake marshal pudding (what does he mean here, Wally?) was about all I had left of my brain. I guess that was around maybe ten (?) minutes into it… I dunno, like I didn’t have a stopwatch and even if I did, I was like, preoccupied. Let’s just say this Dark Star went on for like a real long ride! I was crash-landing on some other planet, dude, and wouldn’t you know it, the blonde disappeared like into sparkling cosmic dust… quarks!
I got up from my seat and got lost in the lobby… I ended up in a concession line, so be it. I didn’t see the blonde, but maybe she had to go to the loo. I could hear Jerry singing the first verse over the speakers in the lobby and I said HULLO to a brunette. Did we turn into a humpbacked turtle right there in the concessions line? Maybe we did and maybe we DIDN’T… blame the bloody acid for my faulty memory. Let me assure you that she was very friendly. We went back into the hall with a few other people. 
Here was that space dust blasting over the crowd again! I mean like, FIRE ANTS! And they started up that mirror ball going… And Garcia is tearing my brain apart, man! Then they got real quiet again and you could even hear Pigpen’s organ a little bit for a while! And then they started that damn intergalactic alien programming kit shit up again! I mean Tralfamadore and Andromeda, bro! I looked over the brunette’s shoulder and there was the blonde chick in the seat right behind me! I swear she had the most surprising CONTEMPT written on her face, man! —Like she was saying with her eyes: “You could have had ME, but you chose that slut instead!” Hullo? G'bye. OK, then. 
Garcia starts in on his insect-fear shit again, they are being all Rachmaninoff’s cannons or something you know, blaster here, blaster there, little wiggles erupt under my eyes from Keith’s piano riffs, oh man! Garcia’s tiger guitar clawing out my eyes! Again! For maybe like three minutes and 4.019507 seconds it like builds, it builds and builds, and then they're playing this incredibly happy little jig.
I was so lit up, like there never had been any interplanetary dust around the hall at all, you know, but we are on a train headed back to the station and we can park the starship outside and wave to the dog and the cat and the little farmhouse—HOME! That awaits us. And whaddyou know, now WEIR is here and so is his Sugar Mongolian Hop-along, now! Marching to the sea! Swim the mighty river! Paddling Cosmic Bobby’s little canoe, man. The brunette was fanny-dancing in her seat, and I…
(Are you really THAT interested, Wally? Shit.)
Woof! OK. Alright. We are both ‘dancing’ in our seats now, Sugar Magnolia, nothing else is happening. I begin to feel kinda like I was Jonah inside the whale, man! Only this giant whale holds like 8,000 people and they are all in here getting digested WITH me! The big beams across the ceilings looked like this awful cosmic animal just ate us! I know! And that was just Sugar Magnesium, intermission! Another 10.5 seconds (?) later and WHAM! They really kicked me to the floor with that “Sunshine Daydream” blowout hoppity honk. 
But hey, that was groovy, but what was even groovier was when they went right into CAUTION! There goes Garcia again, shredding my brains out! But that was NOTHIN. Pig goes on and starts his ‘Gypsy Woman’ rap, and it’s all I can do to keep up with everybody (and that British chick, down there yankin' on my belt buckle!).
Someone told me Dead concerts are just “a place for people to misbehave” Maybe! But this was GOOD escapism and misbehavin’ and if that’s bad then gimme more, man! We might be young and illegal, but this scene is OURS!
Anyhow, Pigpen gets folks to clap their hands and “feel alrite!”
Yeah man it felt alright! And then Garcia pulls out a slide and starts in a siren’s song, luring everybody there out onto the rocks. Where the waves of Weir and the Drums and the Piano start melting back again and then he’s stretching the matter content envelope toward the event horizon. What could be there?
Weir is chomping down on some Spanish-sounding kind of fills, now Pig starts bringin’ em back with his harp, then him and Garcia are just in the pocket. Man. My hands out of my pockets, for real, anyways. Use your imagination. Then…. Lesh boils it down, it sounds like they are gonna just trail it off but... they slowed it down, pulled it out, and strutted it back up, then -wham! they are haulin ass AGAIN! Right like semi wheels on over my brain cells! WOW! The New Guy was rippin’ it on the keys, you know, and we all heard Garcia do some of the most fierce and aggressive strum-shreddin’ I ever heard from anyone south of Hitler’s blitz on Rotterdam, Eric Clapton in the back room would have been under teacher’s desk suckin’ his thumb.
It was about like that. I had a choice—do I stay with the chick or split the show at the end? She made that decision for me when she pulled me outta that place by the hair just as Weir was beginning that new “Saturday Night” song and I found myself hijacked… to this chick’s pad. Oops, I mean her flat. I won’t bore you with the rest, Wally. Her name is Sarah. She told me this morning that she doesn’t want a return engagement but her roommate Pammy and I were making eyes, can you dig it? Pammy is a little chubby, but so the fuck what? Anyway, Sarah says I’ll always have a place to crash whenever I’m in London. Next stop: How about Stonehenge and Bath in the west country?
Woof, Cal
(Editor's note: 'Woof' was one of Cal and Wally's pithy code-words back in those silly and more innocent days. It generally meant SEX or DID YOU SCORE?)

April 11, Amesbury, England
Well for shit-sakes, Wally! WOOF? Everything's a bit foggy. I may as well attempt to describe the last few crazy days on this weird English letter-envelope thing… my pen keeps skipping and the paper is a tad damp. Let’s see how this goes…
I was still tripping righteously from that wild ass Dark Star and Caution from the Wembley show when I left Sarah and Pammy’s flat in Chelsea and hopped on a train out of London Town. Destination? The Roman ruins at Bath. I spent some of my down time on the train looking at maps to decide the best way to get to Stonehenge after Bath. 
You know, Prof Krapsy did me no fuckin favors when he commissioned me to do that damned paper about the place “and its place in English literature.” 
OK, the grant money DID get me here for the Dead, 'tis true. I guess beggars can’t be choosers. I wandered around Bath and checked out the ruins and spent the night at a hostel for exactly one pound. I met some really cool people from—
(At this point in Cal's letter there is some water damage, maybe two paragraphs.)
—was a real trip! I decided to forsake the bus and hitchhike to Amesbury to save some money. Shit. What a dumb fuckin idea. I was out there on the ‘pike’ for nearly an hour in the chilly drizzle before anyone stopped for me—and what did I get? How about a fuckin farmer chappy driving a ‘lorry’ load of ducks to Glastonbury, or so he told me. A short little fat dude with a pipe and a very weird accent. Definitely not Scottish or Irish or even Welsh.
“Are you an American?”
I hesitated for a second. “Um, yep.”
The strange little guy nodded at that. “Gude, gude, I like that!”
Let me tell you, Wally—this guy sure talked funny! Anyway, after we got rolling down the ‘motorway’ he told me in an aside that although he WAS transporting a dozen or so ducks to a buyer, he was also unloading a number of kilos of Pipe Weed in the city.
“Only the BEST leaf!”
“Pipe Weed? Um, you don’t mean like, um, you know, dope?”
“Dope? Good Heavens NO!”
Then he began to rant a bit about problems with Britain’s economy. All I wanted to do was meditate and RIDE, but I was his captive audience, you know? Besides his funny accent, something was very weird about this guy. Maybe it was his hairy bare feet or his old-style waist kit vest. 
“Hey man, no offense, but you don't look like you come from around these parts.”
“You are correct. I vass born in Chermany.”
“No kidding? I just knew you weren't English!”
“Heaven forbid! I may be a Hobbit but I am NOT English! Hobbits are International!”
Uh-oh. “Um, why are you here in Merry Old England, Mr...?”
“My name is Hermann and I vass shot down! My hobbit cousins hid me from very angry men with pitchforks and pikes! I hid, I vatched, and I vaited...”
I slyly placed my hand firmly on the door latch just in case I had to leap. 
“Your cousins, your hobbit cousins.”
“Yes! I vuss chust an ordinary pilot, you know, chust a kid, and I got shot through my hip and fractured my pelvis. I decided to stay here to get the free National Health Care! The hobbits helped me, being a cousin. Besides, I hated it back there in Chermany anyway. So many terrible things ve did! Ve did it all for der Faderland. Hah! Ve did it for der dumpkopf, Hitler, ve did. Oh, I'll always be a Cherman, but my country was in the wrong!”
Good grief, Wally! This weird guy both bored and scared the shit out of me, all the way from Bath to Glastonbury! After he dropped me off just outside of Glastonbury, I was so glad just to walk for awhile so I could clear my head—yes I walked! PIPE WEED?
It was still rather early. I decided to skip Glastonbury until after my visit to Stonehenge. I don’t really remember very much about my next ride, just a young couple with a yapping baby. They took me all the way to Amesbury, only a few miles down the road from Stonehenge. Alright! I walked the last three or four miles with the wretched peasant townhouses and gentry farmhouses of Amesbury at my back… I took a little shortcut up a grassy hillside and then I saw the place and—
(More water damage on Cal’s letter) 
—my eyes must’ve been like bulging out like Jesus H Christ on a sidecar! Stonehenge! Nobody over here really knows shit about the place. Some say the Romans built it, others say the Egyptians, and one cat even swears MERLIN built the fuckin thing. But surely it’s way older than all of that, don’tcha know! I thought about the thousands of slaves who built the place… when I finally got to the place I realized that it looked a bit different than I expected… it seemed to be a little smaller, maybe… I tried to visualize the Druid rituals and stuff like human sacrifice… did I feel myself in the presence of ghosts? Well not so much that, but the place seemed to have a mystic fog, even in the late morning sunshine. I did have a little food in my pack so I sat down against one of the stones on the outer ring and ate it. I saw hardly anyone around, just a car or two really, and no tourists either. A few walkers like me were walking around and nobody talked to each other.
At least, then. But guess what? Around noon this little car pulled up, and I had to wipe my eyes and blink… Can you dig it? There was Robert Hunter! There was Phil Lesh! Garcia! Mountain Girl, dressed in a big fucking velvet cape like Queen Guinnevere or somebody (Lady Godiva? Nah.) This was incredible. Now I wasn’t gonna be lame enough to just walk up and ask for their autographs, so I just hung back to watch and take it all in.
Hunter never lets people take pictures of him, but they didn't even notice me as I snapped a few stealthy shots with my Instamatic, I don’t know what they look like yet, but maybe I can get the film developed somewhere here in England before I cross the channel and hook up with you in Hun Land. (These wacky Brits call their Pharmacies “chemists”.) 
Speaking of chemistry, there must have been some of that going on inside them Grateful Dead cats brains as they wandered about and dug the Stones. I couldn’t really hear what they were saying but they sure did laugh and crack up a lot. MG even got up on one of the rocks and posed while they took pictures! Standing on the rock waving her arms like a bird about to take off! Maybe I could hear that new song Bird Song in my head as she was flappin’, but she got clumsy and sort of fell off. Hunter and Lesh had to pick her back up. Garcia just sort of stood there chuckling… They stayed for around an hour you know, and I didn’t move a fuckin inch! Trapped like a fly on the wall. SURE, I could have run up to them and make myself look ridiculously obnoxious, but…
Anyway, the longer I sat there and watched, the more I just wanted to sit and watch! After they made their way all the way round the inner stones, they checked out the outer ring but not on my side. I swear, they never even noticed ME—
(More water damage on Cal’s letter) 
—suddenly Phil sees me with the camera and immediately walks over to me. Uh-oh. 
“Hey, do I know you?” he asked me. “You look very familiar.”
I kinda stammered in the presence of ‘the Professor’.
“Um, maybe you’ve seen me at t-the shows? I always like to catch you guys whenever you play in San Francisco, um, and once at the Fillmore East, too.”
“An old campaigner, eh?”
“Hey, I really dug the Dark Star at Wembley…”
“Aha! So glad you caught us that night! Hey, we're playing next up in Newcastle. That’s tomorrow night—” 
Phil fished through his pockets and handed me a little card!
“Come on up, why don’t you? Give this card to the Wizard so you can dig everything from backstage.”
“Thanks!”
Phil said adios and returned to the others. Everybody got back into their little car and split, leaving me there in the noonday sun like a mad dog Englishman. I walked back to Amesbury and found the bus station with little trouble. That’s where I am right now, writing this letter as I wait for the next bus back to London. Maybe I can check out Glastonbury some other time and maybe bump into Hermann the Hobbit. We can knock over a few North Farthing barley stouts and play darts, ha-ha-ha!
(More water damage on Cal’s letter.)
Anyway, I’ll crash at Sarah and Pammy’s flat in Chelsea tonight and take the train up to Newcastle tomorrow morning! Why not? I managed to save a little money on this excursion, maybe because I did a lot of walking and avoiding restaurants. Newcastle it is! THEN I’ll figure out what to do for the next few weeks… maybe I’ll just wing it and complete my first draft for Professor Krapsy. Then I'll check out Amsterdam if I’m not broke by then! Maybe Pammy will let me squat (among other things, WOOF!) Sure, I’ll need to find a very CHEAP way to cross the water by suitable transport, of course. I ain’t gonna walk, you dig? Newcastle, here I come!
Woof, from Cal

April 15, 1972, Radio Free Europe Headquarters, Munich
Wally Mantis could only sigh when he finished Caltrop’s letters from the UK. There the freak was in Merry Olde England, following the Dead around and getting laid—or so he CLAIMED. Woof! Wally wasn’t having very much luck scoring with the Frauleins here in Munich—maybe because there was just too much competition. Lots of GIs were strutting around town  and getting dates. Yeah, that was surely the reason. 
Radio Free Europe Assistant Programmer Sylvia Clyde-Jones was also proving to be very stubborn. She looked like she was maybe 30? She worked directly under Senior Program Director Floyd Mantis, otherwise known to Wally as good old Uncle Floyd. 
Sylvia was a divorcee and didn’t have a current boyfriend, according to 'reliable sources'. Her dark red hair was usually tied back in a ponytail, but sometimes she let it hang free and easy. Oh, she was also very fluent in German, Polish, and Russian. 
RFE mainly pumped anti-communist propaganda and ‘banned content’ into East Germany and Russia. Speeches and stuff from Soviet intellectuals in exile. Most of the Western music on the rotation was standard classical, jazz, Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett, and other ‘respectable’ stuff, even corny C&W guys like Hank Williams. Several nights a week (always after midnight) ‘pop’ music was generously allowed for the rock ’n’ roll starved teenagers and beatniks behind the Iron Curtain to dig. Wally spun and compiled tapes of mostly oldies like Elvis, the Beach Boys, Herman's Hermits, and newer crap.
A Horse With No Name by America. (# 1 at the moment in the States) 
Heart of Gold by Neil Young. (OK, maybe that one deserved it.)
Without You by Harry Nilsson. (Good Grief!)
The First Time I Saw Your Face by Roberta Flack. (Boring boring boring)
Roundabout by Yes. (Wally was already getting SICK of it)
Puppy Love by Donny Osmond. (Nurse!)
Mother and Child Reunion by Paul Simon. (hmm…)
Wally's job was selecting “Hip songs dug by the Youth Culture” or something nutty like that. What a laugh! Wally's very first suggestions when he arrived in Munich were a few tracks from the British electric ‘folk’ bands Fairport Convention and the Pentangle.
Uncle Floyd immediately rejected them. “Not hip or pop enough.” 
WHAT? Wally then suggested The Band.
“Nope. Not hip or pop enough. Besides, we already have Lay Lady Lay by Bob Dylan on the pop playlist.”
“Um, this is really good music, Uncle Floyd.”
“So what? We’re not looking for GOOD music, Wally—we’re looking for acceptable popular music that fits our narrative.”
“You mean like reverse Charlie the Tuna?”
Uncle Floyd raised his eyebrows in patronizing amusement.
“Charlie the Tuna? In reverse? Please elaborate for an un-hip square.”
“You’re not looking for tuna that TASTE good, you're looking for tuna with GOOD TASTE, like yadda-yadda.”
“Er, Wally—this is important—you aren’t smoking marijuana on the sly, hmm? Look, I promise I won’t, um, fink to your mother and father. Scout’s Honor, we can keep this matter just between ourselves.”
“Marijuana? No way, Uncle Floyd!” 
Which was the absolute truth. Wally wasn’t smoking WEED, he was smoking HASH! Oh yeah, a few grams of the good stuff were stashed away back at the house he shared with his uncle in the suburbs. (The hash was mailed to Wally by Jebbie, a friend of his and Cal's from California. It made it safely past customs in a reel-to-reel tape box stamped: Property of Radio Free Europe Do NOT X-Ray.)
Wally steered the conversation back to his main point about his musical choices getting the bum’s rush. He really wanted this stuff to go out on the Airwaves of Freedom! 
“But isn’t our goal to overthrow the jackboots? This music is just the ticket!”
“Let me tell you what, Wally. I’ll stick my neck out here and place Ramble On by Led Zeppelin on the Red Eye rotation—how about that?”
What a joke. Wally had to fight with both Uncle Floyd AND Sylvia just to get a few songs from Workingman’s Dead, American Beauty, and Skull and Roses to even be considered to be maybe inserted into the general rotation.
(Approved for further review and possible consideration to be maybe inserted into the general rotation: Box of Rain, Ripple, and Playing in the Band.
Rejected: ANYTHING by Pigpen, Uncle John's Band (for god damn), Casey Jones, Truckin’, Candyman, Friend of the Devil, Bertha, and Me and My Uncle! (Too violent?) Not Fade Away/Goin’ Down the Road was also rejected for being too long and boring.)
All of this Radio Free Europe folderol was just background noise for Wally. His true mission here in West Germany was not working for Uncle Floyd and the Free World. No, seeing the Grateful Dead ‘perform’ for a German audience took precedent over winning the Cold War by pumping the Top Forty Hit Parade into the brains of the youth behind the Iron Curtain. It was almost like he was participating in a War Crime—a Cold War Crime! 
The Dead were scheduled for four appearances in Germany: Dusseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, and a television show in Bremen! (The band was currently playing a few shows in Denmark, which sounded like a real blast.) Wally would miss the Bremen gig, but he already possessed his tickets for the Dusseldorf and Frankfurt concerts. He was still working up the courage to ask Sylvia if she wanted to come along to one of the shows. Maybe Dusseldorf? Maybe she would melt down and say yes! 
Well, anything was possible.

April 12, Mummers Memorial Hostel, Newcastle, UK
Dearest Wally, who resideth in faraway Frost Cuckoo Land
No acid or dope for me tonight. No Woof either, but I guess I’ll live. After all, the Dead are the DEAD, no matter what, right? I was hoping to get stoked backstage, but alas, that didn’t happen. First things first: the train ride up to Newcastle was like a real blur and boring, so I crashed out for a lot of the way. Zzzzz… 
Once in town, I checked into this hostel place suggested by somebody on the train, and it’s pretty cheap and cool. After I checked in and stashed my stuff, I headed straight to Newcastle City Hall with plenty of time to spare. 
Once I arrived, guess the fuck WHAT? For the very life of me, I couldn’t find my backstage pass from Phil! Shit! (Sure enough, I found it later in my stuff back at the hostel after the show.) Sigh. OK, Newcastle City Hall is a very famous joint (or so I am told) but the sound system tonight was a bit weird and off-kilter. Maybe because the place is kinda like a big box with rows of seats on almost three sides of the stage. The outside of the building has like ceremonial pillars but that’s all I can remember. 
My notes are a bit soggy (ha-ha-ha) so I’m reconstructing a lot of this as I lounge around the hostel because I can’t sleep… 
OK, here we go: Set 1.
Weir came out and sang a new song to open the show. This one really rocked and bopped along nicely with a weird syncopated hook on the off-beat, but it works. Maybe it’s called ‘Moses’? Now get this: a chick with very long hair sang on it too. (I don't remember her from Wembley?) Garcia went crazy with the wah-wah and then they played a song off Garcia’s (new) record, Deal. That was alright and then a new Pigpen song. I guess it’s called ‘Mr. Charlie Told Me So” (?) At that point, see, I was hassling to get my beer together, so I went out to the lobby and chugged a Newcastle Ale and started looking around for any action. I didn’t find any, but how many times CAN a guy get lucky like I did at Wembley, anyway? Anyway, I came back inside and watched the rest of a pretty cool first set. The stuff that really stands out? Another new song by Weir. Piano is sparkly atop of ponderous, angular progressions. Sort of a love song, but I dunno. Jerry rolled out another new one and it’s a catchy little ditty. I definitely remember this one from a couple of days ago at Wembley… I recognized it by its sing-songy chorus “back to Tennessee” Must be a new Garcia-Hunter tune. Nice enough, I guess.
Next up, Pigpen stepped out again to call out that mean old Big Boss Man. (That song Elvis did from Skullfuck. Hey, maybe the Dead should cover Hound Dog.) Piano player really kept this one tight. Pig blew his harp and the band chugged along behind him like they were his vassals. The Limey’s were really bopping around as Garcia ripped that old Boss Man a new one and Pig slammed the door on him. Good riddance!
Hey, how about Beat it On Down the Line to keep things jumping? Pig and the piano guy ran away with it again before Garcia even played a riff. Maybe they got in trouble with Jerry after the show. Oh yeah, my soggy notes say that they next played Sugaree from the new Garcia disc. Somewhere around then came another new Weir song, slow and weepy, kinda. And Garcia played pedal steel for the very first time I’ve ever heard him live with the Dead. (Dire Wolf on the record doesn’t count, I guess.) His playing reminded me a little of like what he did on the Crosby solo record and with the New Riders. 
RR Blues got the place kinda jumping again. The new piano dude began with a really fast down-scale rip, then Pig came charging in on organ. Both keyboards together with a hot jam toward the end—they are just killin’ it. It was great to hear Casey Jones without some idiot yelling for it all night, like those beer-guzzling ‘weekend freak’ jockstraps back in the States. I never realized how good Weir played lead on the song before! I didn’t listen to the record enough! With both keyboards, man that was so rich my teeth were rattling! This was a fantastic texture, just before the notion crossed my mind. That was the end of the set so I roved around and chatted with the natives for awhile. One cute little ‘bird’ told me that the Beatles and the Animals used to play in the joint. She also said I talked funny. Then some big bloke told me to move along, like he was her protector  or something. I said “I would if I could but I can’t find my time machine.” He looked like he wanted to slug me, but he hustled the girl away instead. When all else fails, zap ‘em with Zen. Hey, everything was pretty fuzzy already (even without any dope) and the evening was only half over.
Set 2 actually began with Good Lovin’ and jammed with it like nothing on any record, like period. Cymbals were crashin’ and Garcia went nuts with the wah-wah again. 
Pig faced down every chick in the hall. “Gonna jump in yo’ saddle an’ ride a while!”
Phil’s bass was very persistent all the way and Billy the K was like tuned-in to the Gestalt like a swinging wild yet calm maybe hypnotized guy… he sat real still like he was Buddha but his arms and legs were like dancing like all over the place.
OK, Garcia played another new one I think is called ‘Ramble On Rose’. Alright, it was now time to jam and man did they jam on Truckin’. I think the whole room began to really rock at this point—what a jam! It went lots a places and went on for quite a while. Then Billy did a drum solo like the one on Skullfuck and we all got to watch him swim on his stool for a bit. Phil came to the rescue and whoa-whoa-whoa The Other One came charging out reminding me of propellers chopping through water. Everything was really sparkly—and then it began to get real dissonant, like a bus that’s ground through its gearbox and is about to drop its tranny… and then—surprise—as they kept hanging on to that E-D change, over and over and over—and then it got quiet again but they brung it back around, turned it over, baked it a third time with waves splashing all around me as they started that Feelin' Groovy riff I told you about when I saw them at Fillmore East a couple years ago…
But that’s just the half of it! Then it got REALLY quiet until Lesh started throwing chords around, and Weir and Garcia came in with feedback… more mind-stretching while Lesh then began feedback of his own.
Garcia was going out (into the tubes some?) ??? <<< (can’t read my orig script!)
(Use your imagination, Wally) 
OK. Both guitars are now whaling (sic) and scratchy—everything’s loud and all explosions again as Giant Garcia steps out onto a wave that quietly subsides into more mind-stretching with Weir and the new piano guy!
SWEET BETSY like really ‘avant garde’? (The Grateful G-Damned DEAD?) But then they’re past that already now. Jamming on a fat A-E groove that beats back into the Other One intro proper… what a trip to get there though! Weir came back and sang it. THEN they played another new slow song. I never heard it before. Maybe it’s called “Empty Cup?” THAT went straight into Sugar Magnolia, which was picture-perfect. And so they ended the night with Brokedown Palace from American Beauty… 
“Sing me sweet and Sleepy all the way back home…” Oh man, them lines never sounded so righteous for me and for the Dead themselves. Finis. I decided that I may as well drink a beer in the bar on the way out and someone bought me another one after I guzzled it down. Damned if someone else bought me even another brew for the road. I felt like I was just a regular Newcastle working class drinking bloke now. Hip-hip hurrah for the Grateful Dead, mate.
I somehow found my way back to the hostel and got my soggy beer-stained notes together. Some bloke and me talked about Fairport Convention (he didn’t dig them) and then I wrote all of this stuff down from my notes. Maybe I can sleep now that
(At this point Cal’s letter ends abruptly. No other pages follow with any closing remarks or final signature.)

April 18, Munich
Wally was re-reading Cal’s letter from Newcastle when Uncle Floyd stepped into Wally's 'office/studio': a semi-large utility closet with no windows. Floyd's attire? Black turtle-neck, suede Rubber Soul jacket, white pegged Levis, and Beatle-type boots. Wally was mighty puzzled at this. Everybody else at Radio Free Europe had to adhere to a somewhat stricter dress code: button down shirts, tie, and trousers for the guys, and proper skirts for the girls. (Sigh.) Sometimes you could ditch the tie during the wee hours between the witching hour and dawn's early light. Wally often wondered what Uncle Floyd actually DID around the place—besides strutting around like he was Steve McQueen ten years ago.
Floyd sat himself down and absently began reviewing a stack of record albums.
“Donovan's STILL around? Hmm… so how’s Comrade Caltrop doing these days?”
“Doing OK, Uncle Floyd. He's really enjoying himself in Merry Old England.”
“I’ll bet! Tell me, from where is he receiving his funding? Just curious.”
Sometimes Uncle Floyd could be a real laugh riot and a half.
“I thought I already told you! He was awarded a grant to write a paper about Stonehenge and other neo-lithic sites. He doesn’t really have that much cash.”
“Except for Grateful Dead concerts, eh?” 
Wally suddenly wondered if Uncle Floyd was somehow intercepting his mail…
Floyd chuckled as he rose from the table.
“Oh, by the way, you MAY insert Ripple by the Grateful Dread onto the late night rotation. How about that?”
“Like GOLLY, Uncle Floyd! My mission here is accomplished—shall I pack?”
“Ha-ha-ha. Maybe you should submit to a drug test instead, hmm?”
“Here we go again…”
Sylvia entered the studio just as Uncle Floyd was leaving. Wally pretended to ignore her casual attire: loose silky blouse and very stylish (not to mention snug) slacks. Damn. Sylvia never obeyed the dress code either, like she was somebody special and priveleged. Strange… what was really going on between Uncle Floyd and Sylvia Clyde-Jones?
“So, what’s up tonight, Sylvia?”
“Poland! I’ve got some brand new recordings of the Brandenburg Concertos and a really boss collection of Aaron Copeland!”
Wally could only sigh. Maybe he could sneak in later and dub Brown Shoes Don’t Make It by the Mothers of Invention onto Sylvia’s tape in stealth… THAT would surely topple the Wall in no time… by Jove, the Cold War could move on to the Weird War…
April 24. Dusseldorf! Sylvia was very apologetic when she politely turned Wally down but she had other plans. Not that it even mattered. Wally never even made it to the Dusseldorf show because his 1961 Trabant broke down on the Autobahn fifty kilometers south of Munich. Bummer. The ridiculous mini 'East German People's Car' was beyond a joke. It ran on anything that burned and spouted out more air pollution than Pittsburg. The pathetic little box ran like a lawnmower. Wally had to replace the fuel line, grumble-grumble-grumble… he later learned that he missed a killer Dark Star.
Would the Trabant be roadworthy in time for the next concert? Frankfurt was nearly 400 kilometers miles from Munich—250 miles. Shit.
April 25. Wally was absolutely flabbergasted when Sylvia informed him that she would just LOVE to come along to Frankfurt! She would even drive them down in her very own car! Uncle Floyd just shook his head at hearing the news. 
“Have fun, kids! Don’t forget: never drink anything anybody hands to you…”
April 26. Sylvia would never be ‘hip’ but she looked more than fine to Wally when she picked him up at noon on the day of the concert. Her dark chestnut hair hung free and her attire was ‘1962 Astrid’ from Hamburg beatnik black. Her 1959 BMW 507  roadster convertible was equally authentic. The car was loaded with 8-track tapes, mostly jazz and bossa nova crap. If this was the price to get into Sylvia’s boudoir, so be it! 
The four hour drive down to Frankfurt was a real blast! It was almost like being in a spy movie. Sylvia sure turned lots of heads with her long scarf trailing in the breeze and her dark wrap-around secret agent shades. The weather was fair and the long drive down the scenic Autobahn was almost better than the concert that night—well, not really…
The dome-roofed Frankfurt Jahnhundert Halle was built in 1963, according to Sylvia, who did a little research. “It’s a superb symphony hall, one of the very best.”
Wally and Sylvia’s center-section seats were about halfway back with fair to good sightlines to the stage. The audience was very quiet and respectable—at least compared to the screaming dins of anarchy at the usual Dead concert back in the States! This would indeed prove to be a great opportunity to really listen to the band for once. 
Wally’s highlights of Set 1: Bertha came roaring out of the starting gate and the ‘new guy’ on the piano was honking, along with Billy on drums. Both of them were on the very same train and drove the Dead with a jazzy swinging groove: solid, yet flexible. The band sounded clear and loud although the organ seemed to be lost in the mix. Garcia played a Fender Strat, which crystalized his lightning leads with diamond clarity. Phil sounded better than ever, now that the band had a fuller sound with the piano keeping the center together. He didn’t need to hold the bottom down, although he never really did back in the old days either—at least not in the ‘accepted’ way like other bass players. As usual, his playing was all over the place but he always managed to keep things chugging along quite righteously. Phil’s bass was still the ‘signature’ to the band’s sound, as far as Wally was concerned. 
Bobby played ‘rhythm’ guitar more like a second lead guitarist. His odd little fills were just perfect. Now that a solid piano player was in the band, he was pretty much free to do what he did best: circle and compliment Jerry Garcia like a supporting satellite.
Wally decided (once and for all) that the Grateful Goddamned Dead was the very finest band on the entire planet! The rather reserved audience was digging it, although nobody was dancing around yet. Sylvia seemed to be enjoying herself.
The band rolled out a very interesting set, including some new songs by Jerry, Bob, and Pigpen. Jerry’s first new offering was very loose, easy-going and almost gospel. 
“Rat in a drain ditch… caught on a limb… you know better but I know him…” 
OK, not quite gospel! Wally later learned the song was called He’s Gone.
Bob’s first new number was very ambitious and impressive, even for him. It built up to a grand finish with Jerry tearing up the frets and Bobby tearing up his vocal chords: 
“Goin’ back home that’s what I’m gonna do…”
Ron ‘Pigpen’ McKernan served up three short little shuffles and nearly stole the show, at least for Wally. (Mr. Charlie told me so—the next time you see me—get yourself a shotgun ‘n bring it back home—if you fall in my direction—don't expect no help at all!)
Playing in the Band was something else—the girl with the long hair (from Cal's letter) joined the band onstage to sing harmony and SCREECHED like a banshee woman. 
(Donna, who was married to Keith, the new piano player) 
 The middle jam featured Jerry’s spooky wah-wah, which screamed out into the stratosphere! This was some very far-out stuff—Electric Space Jazz! Jerry’s guitar sounded like an alien beast struggling to break free from some sort of galactic glue. Jerry’s little alien was WEEPING! After the jam wound down, the girl came back out and screeched again! Mercy. A few other shorter songs followed until they rolled out a very sweaty Good Lovin’. This was a loose funky workout with Pig’s impromptu scat-singing leading the band. Sour Sylvia the 'jazz buff' didn’t care for Pig’s rather ‘salty’ rant. 
“Oh, please… I was almost enjoying this… why SPOIL it?”
Sigh. Next up was Dire Wolf, a rarely-played song these days. 
Don’t murder me, Sylvia… 
A very bouncy Casey Jones closed out the lengthy set. 
Sylvia smiled bravely and threw me a bone. 
“That was really fun! I really mean it! Oh my! Let's get a bite to eat and hit the road.”
“Um, the show's not over, Sylvia. That was only the first set!”
“You mean the show isn’t OVER? You’re kidding me, right?”
“No, they’re just getting warmed up.”
“Um, this isn’t REAL, Wally…”
“Hey, you’re learning! Let’s go get us a beer.”
“Gladly…”
(Set 1 Setlist: Bertha, Me And My Uncle, Mr. Charlie, He's Gone, Black Throated Wind, Next Time You See Me, China Cat Sunflower > I Know You Rider, Jack Straw, Big Railroad Blues, Playing In The Band, Chinatown Shuffle, Loser, Beat It On Down The Line, You Win Again, Good Lovin', Dire Wolf, Casey Jones)

Set 2! A very thunderous Truckin’ immediately had everybody on their feet. The jam was long and HOT! This was Thunder Lizard stuff! By far the very best version of Truckin' Wally ever heard—before and ever after.
(An edited 2 cd version of this stellar show was commercially released in 1995 as Hundred Year Hall.)
Next came a rowdy drum solo by Billy the K.
“BORING!” Sylvia bellyached into Wally’s ear. “Just who the HELL does he think he IS? Buddy Rich?”
“Who's THAT?” 
Suddenly Phil’s bass intro for The Other One set the fuse and BOOM. The thunder was back with a passion! Righteously! This jam turned out to be the main event of the evening: a very lengthy excursion into multiple universes of jazz, funk, and atonal space. 
“Whatever this IS, it sure ISN’T jazz,” Sylvia grumbled at one point. “Pretentious!” 
Wally let that comment go. This extended excursion into the Dead Zone took him to places he never even dreamed he would ever go, even after multiple listenings to Live/Dead over the last few years. Yeah, maybe it wasn’t ‘jazz’ like Sylvia claimed—but it wasn’t ‘rock’ or ‘pop’ or either. This was ‘music’ beyond any category. Sure, this stuff sounded like ‘pretentious’ atonal bullcrap to most 'regular' people like Sylvia. Different strokes for different folks. Wally wasn’t stoned (DAMN) but he may as well been! 
There was Cowboy Neal at the wheel of the bus to never never land
Wally was contemplating lizard-like shadows above the stage when he suddenly realized with astonishment that Garcia was softly strumming and singing another new song. Comes a time… when the blind man takes you by the hand… says don’t you SEE? 
Sylvia perked up a bit during Sugar Magnolia. That was a good sign that all wasn't lost! Maybe all she really needed was just a little time with the weirdos. Bobby shredded his vocal chords again during the Sunshine Daydream bit and then whoosh: El Paso, a cowboy tragedy dressed up as a polka. 
Wally lost track of a few of the new songs until Donna came back out and helped Bobby belt out another new song (Cal’s ‘Moses’?) which really rocked out with a weird syncopated riff… then the energy fizzled out again for awhile and that was OK with Wally. Pigpen looked mighty thin and nearly invisible behind his organ as he began his fifth song of the evening: a very soulful number about “a stranger in your town…”  
Wally never heard Pigpen ever sing like this before. “Somebody help me on this road…” This gentle piercing blues ballad was beyond soul, it was naked gospel, a secular sermon from deep inside a lonely soul out on the road so very far from home. A traveling musician's plea for communion in a typical American city involved in a typical American daydream of loneliness and isolation. Not just for righteous companionship with an equally lonely woman, but with a community of belonging and inclusion. To be assured that he wasn't alone in the jostling crowd of humanity of yet another typical American city pit stop on the endless highway of a rock and roll blues man troubadour. 
Those were Wally's random thoughts as the song built up to rousing climax with Jerry, Bob, and Phil wailing righteous harmony in support of the true spiritual heart of the Grateful Dead: Ron Pigpen McKernan. (Even cynical Sylvia later admitted that she was very moved with this incredible performance.) Not a word was said because nothing could be said… all was right and sad and bittersweet in the Universe. Who needed dope, anyway?
Everything perked up again with Love Light. Instead of an extended Pigpen skat-rap like the version on Live/Dead, it steered into an incredible full-speed jam with many twists and turns. At one point it sounded like the band was going to drop right into Not Fade Away, but instead they rolled right into Goin’ Down the Road Feelin’ Bad. 
One More Saturday Night closed out the show and Bobby shredded his vocal chords yet again. Even Sylvia let herself go and shook her can, much to Wally’s appreciation! Gute Nacht, Grateful Dead, Gute Nacht!
(Set 2: Good Lovin', Dire Wolf, Truckin' > Drums > The Other One > Comes A Time > Sugar Magnolia, Turn On Your Lovelight > Goin' Down The Road Feeling Bad > One More Saturday Night)
What a show, what a night! Unfortunately for Wally, Sylvia decided to book two (!) motel rooms in town. She was just too pooped to drive back to Munich that night. She did kiss him goodnight, but that was all. Wally lay awake for hours in the dark. 
Maybe Sylvia did as well.





2) May 1972



May 14
Cal had three options to get to Munich in time for the Dead's last show on the Continent: fly directly to Munich; fly to Frankfurt and have Wally pick him up there; or take the ferry from Hull to Amsterdam and continue on from there by train. He chose the ferry and train option, natch. The only problem was that he only had enough cash to get to Stuttgart from Amsterdam. He informed Wally of this ‘setback’ by way of a collect call. Funds were very low because he spent too much money getting to the Bickershaw Festival and digging the scene. Expenses, you know. He really wanted to catch at least one show in Germany with Wally, who managed to catch the Frankfurt show. He wanted to compare notes with Wally in person before the rush faded away into fond memories.
(It was just too bad Cal missed the Dead’s show in Amsterdam back on May 10.) 
Anyway, a night checking out the pleasures in Amsterdam would still be a pithy feather in his vagabond cap. From there he would take the train to Stuttgart. 

May 17
Wally was mighty disappointed when Uncle Floyd wouldn't let him borrow the 'company' 1972 Mercedes to pick up Cal, who was due at the Stuttgart train station.
“Sorry Wally. It's not that I don't trust you, but that's just the way it is. Besides, I'm taking Sylvia out on the town tonight!”
Wally was still simmering about Uncle Floyd snatching Sylvia right out from under his nose, like a bullying jockstrap on prom night. She was surely just about to surrender when Uncle Floyd moved in like a raptor and swept her right off her feet. Wally liked to tell himself stuff like this, especially during the wee hours. Sigh.
Back to point: Wally had no choice but to drive the Trabant over to Stuttgart, which was 230 kilometers (145 miles) south of Munich. The two-stroke 'Trabi' was still overheating a lot whenever he pushed it. The minimum breakdown lane speed on the Autobahn was 60 kph (40 mph) and many stretches were 90-100 kph. Wally's battered old heap was long past maintaining a steady speed of 100 kmh. Big trucks and fancy roadsters (even Volkswagens for pity’s sake) blew him around and left him put-put-putting like a snail in the dust.
Cal wasn’t alone when Wally spotted him in the Stuttgart terminal. A skinny little hippie girl clad in a granny skirt and a tie-dye shirt clung to Cal’s arm. Her hair was stringy straw-blonde and her dull blue eyes either darted around or else just stared out into space. Wally hoped for Cal’s sake that she was of legal age. She wasn’t dirty but a little unkempt. A very large old-fashioned old lady’s purse was slung around her shoulder.
Cal didn’t look very happy and his lips moved silently: 
Help me Wally please help me please help me— 
Cal’s eyes blinked erratically like he was sending a top-secret message by way of Morse Code. Wally cleared his throat to break the weirdness.
“UM, who’s your friend, Cal?”
Cal looked down at the chick and said, “What’s your name again?”
The girl tugged Cal's arm and whispered into his ear.
“OK… she calls herself Shade. She, um, latched onto me at the train station in Amsterdam when she saw the American Beauty sticker on my backpack…”
Wally sighed under his breath. How the F did Cal manage THIS? 
“Hello, um, Shade. Do you have a place to stay in Munich?”
The girl whispered into Cal’s ear again.
“Er, she says she doesn’t care for your uptight vibes, Wally. She trusts me for some reason… I think she’s kind of like winging it, you know?”
Shade tugged his arm again and Cal bent down to listen.
“Right. She says her father is a big bad general or something at Ramstein Air Force Base. Um, even though he dropped a lot of bombs on the Germans in World War Two, the locals actually like him…” The weird girl whispered into Cal’s ear yet again. “Um, she THINKS a Russian spy dosed her old man with acid… like he doesn’t even know where she IS these days… she says she's been tooling around Europe and digging the scene.”
Shade tugged his arm yet again. “Um, she also SAYS she knows, um, Donovan.”
Wally nobly kept his face from erupting into mean laughter. 
“You know DONOVAN? Like really? Wow!”
Shade’s face turned very red and her eyes became daggers pointed at Wally. She tugged Cal’s arm again and he bent down to listen yet AGAIN.
“Um, she says you’re a patronizing narco creep, Wally. Surely a snitch. —What?” 
The weird girl whispered a bunch more and made rapid hand gestures.
“Oh, she also wants the entire back seat for the drive into Munich. She wants to pin up some curtain thing she’s got in her bag, like for privacy.”
Wally nodded and said nothing to that. Whatever. Cal’s weary bloodshot eyes looked into Wally’s and SCREAMED.
Help me Wally I don’t know what to do help me she really sandbagged me HELP ME like YOU’RE the man—
“Say-hey,” Wally said cheerfully, “we may as well go-go-GO! Daylight’s burning and good old München Munchkin Town is waiting!”
And with that, this very strange trio exited the terminal and made their way out to the busy street where the Trabant dutifully waited. Wally silently hoped the blasted car could manage Shade’s added weight. She looked like she only weighed 100 pounds or so. Maybe even less? Even her bulky shoulder bag looked heavier than she was.
Shade’s ‘curtain’ was a tie-dyed sheet she pinned up with little damage to the Trabant’s already tore-up interior. She used thumb tacks and duct tape from her handbag.
The ride south to Munich was slow and boring, but at least the weird girl was behind her curtain. Wally and Cal whispered shit back and forth but both of them were a little freaked-out and very careful with their words.
“Hey Cal, did the doggie go WOOF-WOOF?”
Cal took offense. “NO! NO woof! NO bone for doggie, only Gravy Train.”
“Anything you say, Intrepid Traveler, anything you say.”
“Fuck you, Wallace Cleaver.”
“Up yours, Eddie Haskell.”
Sure enough, the Trabant began to overheat only one hour south of Stuttgart. Damn. 
WALLY: “Uh-oh, we need to pull over somewhere, dang-nabbit!” 
CAL: “Say WOT?”
WALLY: “—Not to worry! This is, um, normal.”
A very handy rest stop place came into view.
“Eureka!” Wally pulled in and rolled up next to the restrooms. No other cars were parked at the rest stop except for a black Volkswagen bus over near the exit. Wally sighed softly and then spoke loudly. “Yo, Shade! Rest stop! Rest room break! Stretch your legs!”
Shade immediately burst out of the car and made a bee-line for the ladies room. Wally silently braced himself when he popped up the hood for a look-see. Fortunately, everything looked OK for the moment.
“Looking good, Cal… just needs to cool down... so how was Bickershaw?”
“Colder than a witch’s teet! The Dead managed to pull off a decent Dark Star into the Other One… lot of freaks and weird-ass bands on the bill… the New Riders, too.”
“Damn!”
“Definitely the weirdest was the Incredible String Band.”
“No shit?”
“I also caught the Kinks and Donovan… I missed Dr. John in the mud.”
“Double-DAMN, Cal…”
“Lovely spot,” Cal said as he gazed out at the scenery: rolling green hills, scattered pine woods, and the distant Alps looming far away on the southern horizon. 
“Puts California to shame,” Wally said absently as he shut the car’s little hood.
The tranquil scene was abruptly shattered by a door SLAM and woman’s shrill scream.
“Böser, böser Garthia!” 
GARTHIA? Wally and Cal both whirled around in surprise. A very surreal sight appeared before their stupefied eyes: a very foxy blonde girl chasing a little man in a cowboy hat across the rest area parking lot! Running directly toward them! The blonde may as well been a Valkyrie! Her tattered sleeveless blouse was wide open and her jolly bare boobs were bobbling up and down quite merrily! Holy SHIT, the little cowboy’s hands were tied behind his back!
“YO!” the little guy yelped to Cal and Wally. “HELP! Look alive, fools! HELP!”
Wally and Cal’s eyes bulged out like cartoon characters—the man with the shackled hands was PIGPEN! Ron McKernan of the GRATEFUL DEAD!
“No WAY,” Cal said to Wally, “no fucking WAY—”
“HALT!” The blonde caught up with Pigpen and whacked him on the top of his head with something shiny! Pigpen collapsed onto the ground. The blonde immediately pointed the shiny thing right between Wally’s eyes. 
Jesus Jones, the foxy Valkyrie was holding a goddamn GUN.
“You will help him UP!” she barked like a Nazi. “NOW!”
Wally and Cal immediately did what they were told. 
“Marthch!” (March!)
Pigpen was in a daze as the blonde marched everybody over to the Volkswagen bus.
“Why the fuck are you so violent, bitch?”
The blonde ignored Pig’s comment. “Aúfhelfen!” she barked to a longhaired albino guy laying flat on the ground. (Get UP!) The dude's forehead was bleeding.
“Er hat mich GEBISS, Helga!” (He BIT me, Helga!)
“Du Idiot! Jetzzzth kennen thie meinen NAMEN!” Helga shrieked. 
(You idiot! Now they know my NAME!)
Helga the blonde's ripped up sleeveless blouse was like, button-less and her oh-so shapely boobs were heaving up and down quite fetchingly as she pointed the gun at Cal.
“You two are Americanth, no? Ja, you look and thmell just like phony spoiled Yankee nonkonformistische prätendenten!” (nonconformist pretenders)
Cal just couldn’t help himself. “Naw, we’re Cherokees! We're from Oklahoma—”
“Oh thut UP and GIVE me your THIRT!”
Helga definitely had a serious lisp! Cal looked at Wally and said, “Thirt?”
Helga yanked Cal’s t-shirt. “Your THIRT! Take it OFF! Give it to ME!”
Cal immediately pulled off his shirt and Helga snatched it out of his hands. She tore away the remains of her ruined blouse and slipped into the shirt.
“Into the buth NOW! Do it or I’ll THOOT Mether Garthia! In the HEAD! MOVE!”
Pigpen snarled “GARTHIA?” as Wally and Cal scrambled into the bus like frightened rabbits running from a pissed-off carrot farmer. “What you talkin’ ‘bout, FOOL—” 
The interior of the bus was dark. Wally was roughly thumped down onto his belly and somebody wrapped some duct tape around his wrists. Cal was shoved down on top of Wally and his hands were taped up as well. 
Little Shade the hippie waif whispered “Oh wow…” as she watched it all go down from the safety of the darkened ladies room entryway. “Like, WHOA.” No one even noticed her teeny tiny presence. She may as well been invisible as the crazy blonde jammed the pistol between Pigpen’s shoulder blades. Poor noble Pigpen!
“Get IN the buth and thitt DOWN!” Helga lisped with spittle as she shoved Pigpen into the bus. “Do not even MOVE or all of you will be THOT!” 
Wally’s eyes adjusted to the dim light of the interior of the bus. The longhaired albino dude made everybody sit on the floor of the bus. There were no seats. 
The albino spoke softly as he lovingly caressed a small Uzi machine pistol.
“Ich werde Sie erschießen, wenn Sie sich noch einmal widersetzen, Captain Trips!”
(I will shoot you if you bite me again, Captain Trips!)  
“Captain TRIPS? Speak English, fool!” Pigpen growled. “Shit.”
Cal stared stupidly at the albino guy with the Uzi and wondered who the hell cut his hair. Talk about surreal! The freak’s long white hair was meticulously cut in the shape of a helmet—a Nazi helmet! Helga peered into the bus and surveyed her bound prisoners.
“Your thirt th-tinks!” she sneered at Cal. “Ach, it will haff to do until we reach our dethtination!” She glanced at Pigpen and continued. “How very rude of you to dethtroy my betht thilk blouth on the one day I leave my brathiere at home! You thall pay!”
“Aw HELL,” Pigpen said very quietly. “What the FUCK was I supposed to do? KISS you? Shit, I wasn’t tryin’ to feel you up, I was just tryin’ to escape. Wouldn’t you?”
Helga actually laughed—like a crazy loon!
“Ethcape? Ethcape by using your TEETH on my CHETHT, Herr Rock Thtar?”
“Well shit—my hands were tied, slag.”
“THLAGG? What ith thith THLAGG?”
“Straßenmädchen,” Wally said under his breath. “Nutte.” (Streetwalking hooker)
“NUTTE? You WITH-ITH!” Crazy Helga lifted up Cal’s shirt and flashed her boobs.
“THEETHE will never be for YOU! Say Gute Nacht, Jerthy!”
Pigpen and the boys were rendered speechless as the lisping maniac slid in behind the wheel and started the engine. “Und weg gehen wir! In unth-therem Gelben U-Boot, oho!”
(And away we go! In our Yellow Submarine, oho!)
Ho ho ho! Helga wheeled the bus out onto the Autobahn. And away they went!
The freaky dude with the Nazi hair was a gregarious chap and chatted breezily about his experiences as a “soldier of fortune for the Struggle.” He radiated only peace, love, and joviality—from behind a loaded gun.
“My name is... hmm, you may call me VIKTOR. For YOU that is my name today! I am what you would call a professional ACTIVIST, no? I am older than I look, eh? Ja, I haff marched wih them ALL in my time! Left Wing, Right Wing...”
“—Up Wing, DOWN Wing,” Cal giggled nervously. “Take your pick, man.”
‘Viktor’ raised his spiky eyebrows. “Are you an English?” 
“No, I’m from California, by way of Hawaii.”
Viktor about that for a moment and then nodded.
“And yet you ARE an ally of the deceitful English, no? Unfaithful cousins of the Fatherland! Curses to the Queen and her demonic Corgi dogs! So you think I look like a CLOCK MAKER from the Cuckoo Forest, hmm? Is dott my image, yah?”
“Um, you don't look like a terrorist,” Wally said nervously. “Honest.” 
“Me a TERRORIST? This is MY country, is it not? MY Fatherland! You are the foreign Imperialist terrorists, not me! Why are you here meddling in my country?”
“I’m HERE to see the Grateful Dead,” Cal said a little testily. “I was really digging the scenery up until NOW. What’s YOUR problem?”
“It’s such a lovely country,” Wally added hastily. “It really is.”
Pigpen finally spoke. “Fuck all of this this folderol, fool! Why do you even care about us, dude? What did we ever do to YOU?”
“I CARE because you Anglo-Yankees are an affront! To me! An affront to my political sensibilities!”
“Aw shit...” Pigpen muttered. “I came here to play MUSIC, man.”
Viktor nodded earnestly at that.
“I most sincerely do sympathize! —You know, come to think about it, I vass never very political back in the old days! The Nazis and the Communists were fighting in the streets! The streets were my SCENE, no? I was BOTH a Nazi and a Communist just to survive, eh? I needed to ACT, TO STRIKE, TO SMASH! I wanted only to MATTER! So very unlike my timid brother Hermann who sold pipe weed in Potsdam! Respectable Hermann!”
HERMANN? That particular name kindled Cal's interest! WHAT THE FOCK? HERMANN was the name of that hobbit farmer guy in the ‘lorry’ back in England!
“HERMANN, you say? PIPE WEED?”  
“Correct, Pipe Weed from Leipzig!”
“You have a BROTHER named Hermann…?”
“NEIN, I HAD a brother named Hermann! He was a card-carrying NAZI! Back in the street fighting days, we fought, we kissed, we made up! We ALWAYS did that until he vent into the Luftwaffe and got shot down over England!”
Cal was absolutely flabbergasted as he squinted at this Viktor freak. Hmm, the man WAS a short little dude, just like the hobbit back on the road to Glastonbury…
“Hey, I think I met your brother back in England! Hermann the Hobbit!”
Viktor’s face turned very red.
“Nein, I think you are LYING, no? A fabrication to save your skin?”
Cal suddenly realized that this little dude was just itching maybe to shoot him. He seemed crazy enough. “Um, never mind… my mistake… everything’s a little foggy.”
Viktor’s face immediately softened and he looked at Cal sadly. 
“You use drugs? You do, don’t you? You mustn’t!”
“Only once or twice,” Cal said quickly. “Hey, I never inhaled, honest!”
Wally butted in to the conversation. “I don’t need drugs to get high,” he said loftily with a straight face. “Music is my drug, honest.”
Viktor arched his eyebrows. “MUSIC you say? Bah! Capitalist Imperialist jungle music to ensnare you into their sticky web of SLAVERY!”
“Far out,” Cal whispered to his sneakers. This Viktor dude was downright scary, much more scary than good old Herman the Hobbit back in England.
“Whatt is this FAR OUT?”
Cal’s head hurt now and he didn’t respond to that. Viktor just shrugged. 
“Ja, to tell you the truth, I am only a Communist for convenience, no? So many terrible things the Stassi do! Me too! Just like the Gestapo used to do—we do too!”
“WHY?” Wally wanted to know. “Both sides are WRONG!”
Viktor’s face turned redder than it already was.
“WHY? Because they lied to me! To US! I haff an excuse, no?”
“Excuse? Aw hell,” Pigpen said. “You believed the fuckin’ lies.”
“What is the TRUTH, no?”
Wally was very perplexed. “Don’t you believe in anything REAL, dude?”
“Ja, I believe in a highway lined with Capitalist skulls and paved with Imperialist misery—all the way to Paris and London!”

Maybe an hour or so later, Helga pulled off the Autobahn, judging by the road sounds. Wally thought she was heading into the mountains by her constant gear shifting.
“Are we going up into the Alps?” Wally asked Viktor.
“Nein. Somewhere else, somewhere very special!”
“Oh, goody…” Cal murmured underneath his breath. “Somewhere very special…”
“You’ll see!” Viktor chuckled like a lunatic. Nobody said anything for awhile until Viktor broke the uneasy silence.
“Welcome to Der Schwarzwald,” he told the Yanks. “Großmutters Haus!”
Pigpen was dozing for most of the drive, or at least he pretended he was. He opened his eyes and sneered, “What IS this happy crappy, man? Speak English!”
Viktor just chuckled again. Wally said, “He says we're in the Black Forest and we're heading for, um, Grandmother’s house.”
“Grandmother’s house?” Pigpen snarled. “Shit.”
“My grandmothers are both dead,” Cal said. “You are in error, dude.”
“Mine too,” Wally said sadly. Viktor laughed some more. 
“It’s blindfold time, my Yankee friends!”

Shade wasn't really sure WHAT was real when she stepped out of the shadows after the VW bus roared away down the pike. The rest stop was now completely deserted. 
“Like wow oh wow…”
Shade decided to meditate in the funny little car in order to get her head together. She locked herself in, shut her makeshift curtain, and immediately fell asleep. 
That's how the Autobahnpolizei (Autobahn Highway Patrol) found her three hours later when they did a routine sweep check of the rest area. Shade's brain was now clear. She felt no fear as she told the coppers everything she saw and heard. Her German was absolutely atrocious, but fortunately, one of the cops was fluent in English. 
“Tell me everything again in English, junges Fräulein!”
Little Shade was blessed with a photographic memory and total recall. Oh yeah, she wasn't so spaced out as she pretended to be. Her weirdness was her shield. After all, she was such a teeny little thing navigating her way through a very dangerous world of wolves and vampires ever on the prowl. She was smarter than she looked on purpose.
The English-speaking copper arched his bushy eyebrows when she described crazy Helga and her very serious lisp. 
“Helga? A lisp, you say? Do tell us more about this Helga.”
“She was very beautiful but very creepy and mean.”
“I see. Please continue.”
“She was very violent to Mr. Pigpen and the boys.”
“Who is this Mr. Pigpen?”
Shade rolled her eyes and told him who Pigpen was. 
“Sie sagt, dieser Pig Man sei ein großer Amerikanischer Star,” the cop explained to his puzzled partner. “Größer und besser als Elvis.”
(She says this Pig Man is a big star in America. Bigger and better than Elvis.)
The copper made Shade repeat her account multiple times. This was standard police procedure stuff. When the cops were informed by radio that the Trabant was registered to one Wallace Mantis, an American student who worked at Radio Free Europe in Munich, the bushy eyebrowed copper immediately contacted the Bundespolizei. 
(West German National Police.) 
The cop instinctively knew that this spacy little girl wasn't just spinning a crazy yarn for attention. One of the cops gave Shade a candy bar, some crackers, and a Coke. All that talking made her very hungry. For the very first time in her topsy-turvy life she felt important. She decided that she didn't want to be a hippie waif any more. She wanted to reinvent herself into a person people wouldn't laugh at.
Shade was driven into Stuttgart, where she was questioned by Inspector Manfred Benz of the Baden-Württemberg Police. Benz had an open 'cold case' file on one Helga Stolz of the Red Rose Dagger Cell. Lisping Helga! Benz decided to call Sylvia Clyde-Jones in Munich. Sylvia was a big-shot spook on the U.S. counter-intelligence counter-terrorism team under the supervision of 'Radio Free Europe Station Chief' Floyd Mantis, who surely needed to know about his nephew. Both Mantis and Clyde-Jones worked very closely from time-to-time with the 'need to know' elites in the West German law enforcement agencies.
Wally's battered old Trabant was towed away from the rest stop as night fell over the enchanted cuckoo clock lands of provincial West Germany. 

3) The Black Forest

Helga's little gingerbread house hideout, 20 Kilometers South of Frieberg
It was full dark when Helga wheeled the microbus onto a gravel road. She abruptly shifted into second gear with a loud grind-grind lurch. Wally flew into Cal's lap and Pigpen muttered “Shit.” Helga cackled meanly from the front seat. Eventually she rolled to a halt and little Viktor hopped out of the bus. A creaky gate resounded rustily and Helga lurched the bus forward. Viktor shut the gate, hopped back into the bus, and Helga shifted into gear. 
“Willkommen in meinem Clubhaus,” she informed her captives. “Mein Verth-th-teck!”
Pigpen was full of Helga at this point.
“For the last time, cut the voodoo and speak ENGLISH!”
“She's bidding us welcome to her, um, clubhouse hideout,” Wally said quietly. The sliding door suddenly opened and Pigpen was yanked out first. 
“Your blindfold ith coming loothe,” Helga said crossly as she tightened the cloth around Pigpen's head. “It'th only for your protection!”
“I don't need your kind of protection,” Pigpen said with a sneer. “I need your absence!”
“Ha-ha-ha.”
Viktor slapped Cal and Wally out of the bus. Cal felt a little chilly without his shirt.
“Excuse ME, but my tits are getting cold! Hey, lady, can I have my shirt back?”
“Tho you can ogle MY titth? Let uth dethend into your boudoir, thall we?”
Helga and Viktor guided their blindfolded prisoners down four or five stone steps into some sort of basement. Viktor shoved them down one at a time onto an old sofa.
“Nimm ihnen die Augenbinde ab und binde ihre Füße zusammen!” Helga barked to Viktor. (Remove their blindfolds and bind up their feet!)
Viktor did so. The three prisoners blinked in the dim light of the cold basement as naughty sexy Helga pulled Cal's t-shirt over her head and thrust it into his face.
“You dethire my thenterfold jugth, do you not?”
“Shit,” Pigpen growled. “Havin' a nice rack don't get you off the hook, skank. You got some serious problems, you dig?”
Helga ignored him. “Viktor! Binde die Hände deth Jungen lothe, damit er thein Hemd anth-thiehen kann!” (Viktor! Untie that boy's hands so he can put on his shirt!)
Viktor did so. Cal put on his shirt and sniff-sniff-sniffed as Viktor re-tied his hands.
“Really nice aroma, lady. I'll never wash it again…”
Helga's jolly boobs jiggled teasingly as she placed her hands on her hips. 
“Thut UP!” She then shook her can naughty-like and made her exit with Viktor. Wally sourly wondered if anybody else had a mini-hard-on like he did. This Helga chick was certainly a looker. It was just too bad she was also a bona fide maniac packing a firearm.
Once upstairs, Helga took a shower and decided to have sex with the hobbit. But first she needed a drink! She was soon slurping white wine from an 18th century silver chalice she boosted from a Catholic church in Heidelburg.
“Viktor? Kommen!” (Viktor? Come!)
Viktor stepped into the room from the kitchen and grinned like a hungry demon. Maybe because Helga was already tipsy and stark naked to boot? “Ja?”
“Reinigen Sie den Bus, bevor Sie die Gräber der Jungen ausheben. Ich werde helfen!” 
(Clean out the bus before you dig the boy's graves. I'll help!)
Viktor obediently followed Helga's fetching fanny outside to the bus. 
“ENTKLEIDEN, mein kleiner Kamerad!” (DISROBE, my pint-sized comrade!)
And pint-sized Viktor became naked! Oho, they dispensed with the foreplay and did the doggie in the back of the bus. Oh how the bus danced up and down! 

Red Rose Dagger Cell Commander Gunther Helm wasn't in a very good mood when he arrived at Helga' hideout in the forest. This was normal. Besides, he had a very bad day.
GUNTHER: HELGA! WARUM bist du NACKT? (HELGA! WHY are you NAKED?)
HELGA: WARUM kümmert dich DATH? (WHY do you CARE?)
GUNTHER: WARUM? Weil ich ein analer Tyrann bin! Eine notwendige Voraussetzung für einen Zellenkommandanten!
(WHY? Because I'm an anal bully! A necessary requirement for a cell commander!)
HELGA: Hee hee hee! Du tötetht mich! (Hee-hee-hee! You slay me!)
GUNTHER: ERSCHLAGEN? Das kann arrangiert werden! —Warum gehst du nicht ans TELEFON?
(SLAY? That can be arranged! —Why don't you answer the PHONE?)
HELGA: Niemand hat angerufen! Ich war thehr beth-th-th-thorgt! 
(Nobody CALLED! What happened to YOU? I was very worried!)
GUNTHER: Ich hatte einen platten Reifen. Ist Herr Garcia unten?
(I had a flat tire. Is Mr. Garcia downstairs?) 
HELGA: Ja! Leider muth-th-thten wir zwei zzith-eugen mitbringen.
(Yes! Unfortunately, we had to bring along two witnesses.)
GUNTHER: HIER? LEBENDIG? (HERE? ALIVE?)
HELGA: Eth war nicht zthu helfen! (It couldn't be helped!)
GUNTHER: Kuhscheiße! (Shit from a cow!)
Gunther went downstairs to the basement. Five minutes later he came back upstairs in a very very bad way.
GUNTHER: Dieser Mann ist NICHT Jerzy Garcia! (This man is NOT Jerzy Garcia!)
HELGA: NICHT? (NOT?)
GUNTHER: DAS ist der Schweinemann! (THIS is the Pig Man!)
HELGA: Th-chweinemann?
GUNTHER: Bekannter im Englischen als Pigpen! Ein kleiner Spieler! 
(More popularly known in English as Pigpen! A minor player!
HELGA: Thie haben unth angelogen! (They lied to us!)
GUNTHER: WER hat dich angelogen? (WHO lied to you?)
HELGA: Die Lkw-Fahrer an der Rath-thatätte! IHRE th-chnatze! 
(The truck drivers at the rest stop! YOUR snitches!)
GUNTHER: Durchdacht! (Elaborate!)
HELGA: Die Buth hielten für eine Toilettenpauthe an! Viktor und ich haben so getan, alth ob wir Groupieth wären! Einer der Fahrer thagte Viktor, dath-th Jerzy auf der Toilette thei! Viktor feth-thelte ihn und die Buth fuhren ohne ihn ab!
(The busses pulled in for a restroom break! Viktor and I pretended to be groupies! The snitches told Viktor that Jerzy was in the toilet! Viktor tied him up and the busses left!)
GUNTHER: Helga! Du dumme Wanne! (Helga! You stupid tub!)
HELGA: Warum bitht du so grautham, wenn wir unth nicht lieben?
(Why are you so cruel when we are not making love?)
GUNTHER: Liebe? Was ist LIEBE? (Love? What is LOVE?) 
HELGA: Erth-t lett-the Nacht hatht du mich dein Gebäck genannt! Und jet-th-t bin ich eine WANNE? (Only last night you called me your pastry! And now I am your TUB?)
GUNTHER: Ich neige dazu, nachts poetisch zu werden … was ist damit?
(I tend to wax poetic late at night… what of it?)
HELGA: Wathe machen WIR? (What do we DO?)
Gunther waved one of the American's wallets in her face.
GUNTHER: Ich muss herausfinden, ob diese Jungs Spione sind… der Beatnik ist sehr respektlos und der mit den kurzen Haaren arbeitet für Radio Free Europe… hier riecht etwas sehr faul… Ich versuche vor Sonnenaufgang zurück zu sein.
(I need to find out if these boys are spies… the beatnik is very disrespectful and the one with the short hair works for Radio Free Europe… something smells very rotten here… I'll try to be back before sunrise.)
HELGA: Du hath-ath-tht mich? Nach dem überlegenen Thex gebe ich dir? 
(You hate me, yes? After all the superior sex I give you?)
GUNTHER: Und genug übrig gebliebenen Sex für Viktor auch, hm?
(Not to mention enough leftover sex for Viktor likewise, hmm?)
Uneasy guilty silence. 
GUNTHER: Ich muss dein Chaos aufräumen! Du und Viktor!
(I must go now and clean up your mess! You and Viktor!) 
Viktor chose that serendipitous moment to enter the room.
VIKTOR: Sei gegrüßt, furchtloser Anführer! (Hail, fearless leader!)
GUNTHER: Unehrenhafter Pudel! Wachdienst für dich! Die ganze Nacht vor den Toren!
(Dishonorable poodle! Sentry duty for you! All night down at the gates!)
Viktor immediately spun around but he was too slow. Gunther's jackboot sent him sprawling towards the door. 
 GUNTHER: (to Helga) Tue etwas Nützliches, außer mit Idioten Unzucht zu treiben! Zieh dich an und bewache die Yankees, du betrunkene KUH!!
(Do something useful besides fornicating with idiots! Get DRESSED and guard the Yankees, you drunken COW!)
Helga began to cry as Gunther slap-marched Viktor outside. 
Wally, Cal, and Pigpen heard it all from the basement.
PIGPEN: (to Wally) What are they babblin' about up there? You know the lingo, right?
WALLY: I couldn't make out much of the shrieking, but I think Helga's in big trouble with that asshole who took our wallets! It sounds like she really fucked up.
CAL: Hey, give the twit a break! After all, she does have very nice knockers.
WALLY: Woof!
PIGPEN: (rolling his eyes) You boys have led very sheltered lives, ain't ya now?

Neues Rathus, Munich
The reception party for Burgermeister Münchhausen was in full swing when Sylvia Clyde-Jones was informed by a 'butler' wearing an earplug that she had a very important phone call on hold in the lobby. Twenty minutes later, she briefed her date for the evening.
“The Stuttgart police think Wally and his friend Calvin were snatched on the autobahn, according to a witness. Some American girl.”
Floyd Mantis arched his eyebrows. “Wally and Caltrop? Snatched? Whatever FOR?” 
Within minutes, they were tooling down the Autobahn, Floyd at the wheel. Destination: Stuttgart. Both of them were reasonably sober, although Sylvia wasn't very happy. Maybe because her Siberian sable stole ($3,000) got lost or more likely was stolen. A very helpful soul loaned her a colorful oversized ski sweater to wear over her slinky cocktail dress. Beggars can't be choosers. It was now time for Langley Farm Senior Euro Terrorism Analyst Sylvia Clyde-Jones to earn her pay.
“This much we DO know,” she said to Floyd. “Inspector Benz in Stuttgart thinks one Helga Stolz is the one who snatched the boys and this Pigpen chap. This Helga is a real character. She hangs out with one Gunther Helm, from Essen—”
“I've heard of him,” Floyd said. “Leader of the so-called Red Rose Dagger Cell.”
“Correct. Der Rote Rosendolch. Baader–Meinhof wanna-be's. Useful Idiots for the Red Army Faction. Stooges. I wouldn't be surprised if the RAF doesn't have a snitch or two in Helga's knickers. She and Gunther will most likely be taken out by the Meinhoff Gang one of these fine days—that is if the police don't get to them first. No loose ends…” 
Sylvia was silent for a while as the miles passed. They were approaching Stuttgart when she suddenly jerked like a livewire. “Aha! Freiburg im Breisgau!”
“Lovely town! And…?”
“Helga's late grandmother left her some lucrative real estate in the region and a very generous trust fund… it's been a while since I last reviewed her case file, being busy with other matters… but as I recall, supposedly she loved tramping about the Black Forest with pagan types—that is until she disappeared after a bungled bank robbery in Mannheim.”
“Mannheim? That's a long way from Breigau, my dear.”
“I'm thinking she's still somewhere in the area. She's crazy enough…”
Sylvia suddenly clapped her hands. “Yes! Now I remember! Basel!”
“Basel on the majestic Rhine? Please enlighten me, Sylvia.”
“Wait, wait, wait… I'm processing… too many cases… hmm.”
Floyd was very fascinated with Sylvia's thought process but she always took a very long time to get to the point. Fortunately, she was more often right than wrong. After all, Uncle Sam wasn't paying her a lucrative salary to spin records for Radio Free Europe. 
Sylvia finally spoke. “Sentimental Sociopaths like Helga tend to live very dangerously! Especially the rich ones! For example, about a year ago a woman was popped for shoplifting trinkets in nearby Basel… the cops let her go…”
“AND ?!?”
“If I remember correctly, this blonde had wads of cash in her purse and some sort of speech impediment! The cops didn't want to deal with her so they let her go with a warning. Maybe her speech impediment was a LISP! Yes! I have a very strong hunch that our lisping Helga just may be holed up in the Breisgau region. It's conveniently located between Basel, Stuttgart, and the greater Ruhr urban centers—” 
Sylvia was interrupted by Floyd's radio phone. “Mantis here.”
“Sam the Nanny. The Consulate told me to talk to you first and not the police.”
“Mr. Sam! Correct, you did the right thing by calling me first.” 
“Look, mate, as you bloody well know, we're missing one of our band members and some joker's already trying to shake us down.”
“When was this?”
“About an hour ago.”
“We're on this, Mr. Sam. The very best people. Do your best to stall him when he calls you back. And he WILL call you back.”
“Right.” 
Floyd hung up the radio phone and Sylvia poked his shoulder.
“WHY are you such an old lady whenever you drive? Step on the gas and PUNCH IT!”
“Just like I did last night, eh?”

Helga felt much better after another slap-happy (if not very brief) round of intense sexual intercourse with Viktor after he finished digging a grave for the boys in the woods. Viktor felt much better too. “SCHRAUBE Günther!” (SCREW Gunther!) However, Gunther was God: He who must be OBEYED. Helga and Viktor weren't totally brain dead. Duty called. Viktor slinked away into the darkness to resume his punishment sentry duty down by the gates. Helga went back into the house, became un-naked, and loaded a small picnic basket with snacks, a water bottle, and the bottle of wine. The prisoners were half-dozing when she stepped into the basement. “May I join you?”
“This is your party,” Pigpen growled. “You gonna feed us? Just askin'.”
“Of courth!” 
“May I have a sip of water?” Wally asked her politely. “Pretty please?”
“Ja! I am NOT a MONZZZTER!”
Crazy Helga left their hands and feet bound and patiently fed them pastries, bread, and sausages by hand like a mother feeding her toddler in a high chair. She also chugged wine right out of the bottle. 
“So, Miss Helga,” Cal asked her boldly, “how do you make a living?”
Helga laughed merrily. “I don't need to make a living, I am RICHTH!”
“THAT figures,” Pigpen sneered. “Why ain't I surprised?”
“Yeth! I liff on a very generouth trufft fund! You like my little houthe in the foretht? My budget ith quite thath-thath-thithactory! And it meanth abtholutely NOTHING to me!”
“Nothing? You seem to be very fond of that fancy Rolex on your wrist,” Pigpen said dryly. “How much did that lil gadget set you back?”
“You notithed my Ladyeth Oythter? Hee-hee-hee, I THOLE it from a jeweler in Bathel! Capitolith jewith liberal reactionary thwine!”
“That figures. Is that how you get your thrills?”
“Now you know my dirty little thee-cret!”
Pigpen looked very tired and sad.
“So you steal shit you don't even need even though you got plenty of jack.”
Helga's pretty face clouded over into a frown.
“Don't you DARE analithe me!”
“ANAL-lize YOU? Shit, I got me a better woman to analyze. She's better than two of you put together, Goldilocks. And she don't need any of that analyzing shit.”
Helga's frown became a radiant smile.
“You luff her very deeply? How very thweet!”
“Shit.” 
Helga may have been very sexy in Cal and Wally's eyes, but her sudden mood swings and violent temper were definitely downers. Maybe these antisocial handicaps were the primary reasons why she decided to become a terrorist in the first place. Maybe she just couldn't fit in anywhere else, despite her money and good looks. Were her violent tendencies caused by an abusive childhood compounded by improper toilet training? Surely her extremely hot-wired thin-skinned resentment was fueled in her childhood by hurtful laughter from her playmates because of her lisp. Oh yeah, she must have grown up with a big chip on her shoulder—not to mention a silver spoon in her mouth and a platinum dildo in her playpen. What a drag. The woman was pretty as a picture, dumber than a box of rocks, and a very dangerous menace to Society, 'hip' or straight. 

“What's become of the baby…”
— Robert Hunter, 1969

Helga got drunker as the night passed very slowly. Cal and Wally both knew Pigpen was up to something. The drunker Helga got, the nicer he became. In the end, the boys were astounded just how easy it was for Pigpen to get Helga to untie his hands. The man was a true Master and Helga made it so easy! Oh yeah, he lassoed and hogtied her pathetic pseudo-Marxist soul into pretzels simply by singing to her. Oh sure, his voice was a little gruff and not as powerful as it used to be. He chose soulful numbers at first, songs like Try a Little Tenderness, When a Man Loves a Woman, and even Ode to Billy Joe. 
Helga soon became totally enchanted. Cal and Wally watched in silent stupified wonder as Pigpen slowly stirred up her fragile emotions into a bubbling, lathering, froth of lust. 
“You thing so thoufully and thuductively!”
“Thank you,” Pig replied politely. The man always said 'thank you' after every number he sang in concert. “I appreciate it.”
“You are very motht welcome! Your decadent thongth of bourgeoithie capitalith propaganda toucheth me very deeply in my thoul, no? Even I am held captive, no?”
“That’s right, Mama… I’m a gangster… a gangster of love. —Hey, I see you got a git-tar over there. Do you play?”
“No, ith not mine, ith Viktorth. He dothent really know how to play it either.”
Pigpen nodded in understanding. “Y'know, I'm a songwriter by trade 'n I play the ax when I have a mind to, especially on old blues numbers 'n my very own tunes, of course. Can you maybe untie my hands so I can play you a few of my most recent numbers? Some of 'em even appear on my band's last few hit record albums. My fans really like 'em, too.”
Helga stiffened in suspicion. “Untie your HANDTH?”
“Aw fork, why not? Remember that parking lot scene? I ain't gonna make a break for it. Shoot, my tired old body's so shot these days I can't even outrun a turtle.”
“A TURTLE you thay?” Helga laughed gaily. “You will thing and play me your very OWN thongths, no? A very thpethial conthert of your recorded HIT thongth jutht for me?”
“Just for you from Blue Ron.”
Helga giggled and immediately began to untie Pigpen. 
“I THALL untie your handth, but not your FEET!”
“Anything you say, Mama.”
Helga's shrill laugh hurt Wally's ears. 
“I am NOT a Mama! I'm a thexy thwinger with the hip boyth from California!”
Wally rolled his eyebrows and hissed “Give me a BREAK,” under his breath. 
Cal's legs kicked Wally's legs really hard under the table. 
“Cool it, you moron!” he hissed. “She's crazier than a loon and she's got a gun…”
“Um, right…”
Helga didn't hear this exchange because her sole attention was on Pigpen. Viktor's old guitar was missing the high E string and was terribly out-of-tune. 
“Pretty mama, you ought to leave this dump behind and be my guest in California,” Pigpen crooned in a velvet voice dripping with honey as he absently tuned up the G string. 
“Stick with me and I'll make you the Queen of Hunky Dory.”
Helga laughed like a bimbo being auditioned by Hugh Hefner. “Oh, THTOPP!”
“Shit, my offer stands.”
'Blue Ron' sang Operator first to warm up. He immediately followed with Mr. Charlie, Easy Wind, and a new song called Chinatown Shuffle. He even sang a very shortened version of Good Morning Little Schoolgirl, although he didn't write that particular song.
Helga applauded enthusiastically after each number.
“Bravo, Mithter White Thoul Man from Than Franthithco!”
Pigpen had silly Helga just where he wanted her when he began to sing and play a brand new number he called The Stranger. Wally instantly remembered this rather soulful ballad from the show at the Jahnhundert Halle in Frankfurt. Pig’s weary voice resounded with great nuance and restrained emotion. Wally was very fascinated because Pig usually sang in an aggressive exaggerated growl like an old blues man in the style of Howlin’ Wolf.
“What are they seeing… when they look into each other’s eyes…”
Helga sat mesmerized in her seat. Wally and Cal weren’t that far behind her. This was a very special ‘performance’ by ‘Blue Ron’ they would remember with fondness for the rest of their lives. Helga sighed huskily and tugged at the bodice of her peasant blouse. The candle-glow flickered brightly in her star-struck eyes. Her busty bosoms rose and fell very slowly and sensually as Pigpen began to improvise with snatches from his 'old kit bag'.
“Ridin’ down the river in an old canoe… on a four day creep… you got box back nitties… great big noble thighs… workin’ undercover with your boar hog eye… turn on OVER… don’t ya want yo daddy… to feel alright… easy baby… got my mojo hand…”
Helga swayed very gently and her pistol gleamed silver-like in the candlelight.
“Give me your gun, Mama…” Pigpen crooned ever so slyly. “Make me feel alright… you don’t need it any more… I don’t care where you're goin’… you don’t need that gun… don’t care where you’ve been… place it on the table Mama… long as you’ve been doin’ it right… peace in the valley… baby birdies singin' so sweetly… in the trees… lay that gun down 'n leave it behind… we can be together… listen to the forest… lay it down…”
Helga mindlessly laid her pistol onto the table. Pigpen ignored the gun. His eyes were locked with Helga's eyes. Cal and Wally just watched in astonished silence, but they didn't even exist now in Helga's reality. Her eyes were becoming very unfocused as if she was being hypnotized. In actuality, she WAS.
“Please help me along…” Pig kept on singing as he lowered the guitar. “Make myself a bed… down by the water… to lay me down… one more time… in the secret space of dreams… you dreamed of me… sleep easy baby… sleep ‘n dream easy honey chile…”
When Helga closed her eyes, Pig abruptly picked up the pistol from the table.
“Maybe you should untie me 'n these boys, Mama.”
Helga abruptly opened her eyes and her body jerked like a live wire.
“Oh you detheitful thcoundrel! Oh how you will PAY!”
“I already done paid my dues—ballin’ that jack out on the Great Highway.”
“I do NOT underthand your ballin’ that jack thuberthive thlang!”
“Aw just shut your yap ‘n untie these dudes, you Nazi street-walkin’ ho.”
Helga was outraged. “I am NOT a Nat-thee ho—I am a COMMUNITHT ho!”
“Whatever. It’s just the same old Mr. Charlie bogey man shit to me.”
Once Helga was tied and gagged to Pigpen’s satisfaction, he stowed her Luger pistol away in his sheepskin-lined bombardier  jacket. 
“Where can we stash this wench? Hey, put her behind the sofa!”
Cal and Wally lifted Helga up and gently laid her down behind the sofa. Her body was very warm and limp. She didn't even struggle. Pigpen tossed a blanket over her.
“Let’s beat it on down the line before that sorry-ass Viktor dude gets wise.” 
The jacked-up trio exited the basement and halted out on the gravel driveway. 
“We better steer clear of this driveway and git under cover in them woods,” Pigpen hissed. The trio then fled deep into the enchanted forest. All the trees were so very tidy! Pig was huffing and puffing as they stumbled their way through the woods. He was very weary but he put on a brave face for Cal and Wally. 
“So this is the Black Forest, like no shit? Man, I always thought the place was like a make-believe scene in a fairytale! Hansel and Gretel and the big bad wolf, you know?”
Cal said, “You mean the wolf who ate Granny in Little Red Riding Hood?”
“Whatever.” Suddenly two dark figures stepped out of the trees and cut off their retreat. Steppenwolf spooks toting Uzi-type machine pistols. “Stillgestanden!” a harsh voice shouted. “Halt, oder du wirst SCHUSS!” (Attention! Halt, or you will be SHOT!)
“What the FORK?” Pig panted harshly. “Shit.” 
Something thumped Wally really hard and he crashed into a tree. A stupified Cal was tossed down onto the damp leafy ground with an oof. Cal gazed up dumbly into the face of Viktor the Helmet Head. Pigpen was relieved of Helga’s pistol by an unsmiling human who was a dead ringer for Phil Lesh—further proof that nothing was real. 
“We shall wait for my supervisor,” he said crisply. “—Politely, or you will be shot.”
Cal was yanked to his feet by Viktor and Wally was yanked up by the Phil Lesh twin. Pigpen looked a little dazed. “MAN, now I KNOW I’m in a fairytale… shit.”
“NEIN!” Helga’s uptight lover and ‘supervisor’ Gunther stepped out of the trees and raised his machine gun. “No, Herr McKernan. This is NOT a make-believe fairytale. This is the real world. And since your Herr Samuel has NOT responded to our demands, I fear the very worst for you and these idiot American meddlers of yours. It seems that your band does not value you as much as they value the Great Captain Trips Gary Garcia, hmm?”
“You dolt! That’s JERRY Garcia,” Wally said stupidly. “What a royal twit…”
“Shut UP, Wally…” Cal hissed.
Too late. Gunther strode forward and jammed the machine gun into Wally’s gut.
“Shall I shoot you first, you silly Yankee lackey lap dog for your corrupt Radio Free Europe? Yes, we did a little research about you, Herr Mantis. Your Uncle Floyd is a spy, is he not? A very important spy, yes? Will he take great comfort knowing that you died nobly like your legendary patsy Nathan Hale, no? Yes, I know your so-called ‘history’—capitalist bedtime propaganda!”
“If you know our history,” Pigpen said with contempt, “then you also know that we smoked your asses back in ’45, asshole. Bombed you Krauts into Vienna sausages.”
“You shall die for that remark, Herr McKernan. Very slowly.”
That was it for Cal. 
“Go stick your finger into a dyke, Dutch boy—or better yet, just shut the fuck up!”
Gunther whirled around and pointed the machine gun at Cal.
“Why do you spoiled American materialist suburban brats always insist on being so rude? Shall I shoot you first, yes? You, who oppress my little yellow brothers and sisters in Vietnam? Shall I give you a close-cropped haircut with my trusty Bren?”
Cal was scared shitless but he couldn’t help himself.
“You call that little thing a GUN? Ha-ha-ha…”
“Um, I think it’s YOUR turn to shut up,” Wally said to Cal. Gunther squinted at the three soon-to-be dead Yankees who were so very far from home. It was almost sunrise.
“Who shall I shoot first, Herr McKernan? YOU are the Rock Star, no? What do you—”
Pop-whoosh-squish—
Gunther abruptly grunted and dropped his machine gun. “Sizzzzz” he hissed like a deflating snake as he yanked a dart from his throat dripping with blood. 
“Verrat!” (Treachery!) 
Gunther tossed the bloody dart aside and swayed like a drunken sailor.
“Betrügerische dunkle Magie …” (Deceitful dark magic…)
He then dropped to the ground like a sack of sludge. Viktor and the other guy looked very confused and suddenly a bunch of scary appartions appeared from out of nowhere! These grim unsmiling human beings wore Nazi-style helmets and toted heavy firepower. Gunther’s sidekicks immediately dropped their weapons and raised their hands in the air. 
“What have we got HERE, hmm?”
Floyd Mantis and Sylvia Clyde-Jones stepped out from the shadows of the forest. To Wally’s utter astonishment, Sylvia was clutching a funny-looking pistol in her hands—the dart gun she just shot Gunther with! Her saucy cocktail dress was black (of course) and her reddish brunette hair was pinned up quite stylishly. Wally suddenly remembered Uncle Floyd bragging about taking Sylvia out for a “night on the town.” 
Floyd was arrayed in the height of hip pop fashion circa 1966, although he would never be mistaken for Napoleon Solo or Illya Kuryakin. His turtleneck was velour, his sports coat was corduroy, and his pants were teak green tweed. His leather shoes were white, as if he was heading out to the golf course to hob-nob with Hugh Hefner or maybe Robert Culp.
Cal glanced at Sylvia and hissed under his breath, “Who’s the hot chick, Wally?”
“Hush,” Floyd said sternly to Wally and Cal like they were little boys caught stealing candy from the corner store. Sylvia spoke to the men in the helmets.
“Nimm diese Dornröschen und seine idiotischen Übermenschen weg!” 
(Take this sleeping beauty away, along with his imbecilic supermen!)
 Sylvia nodded to Floyd and immediately departed with the soldiers and the prisoners. The guy who looked like Phil Lesh had tears in his eyes. Viktor looked back at Cal over his shoulder and sneered, “Yankee Englischer bootlicker schweinehunde …”
Only Pigpen, Wally, Cal, and Uncle Floyd remained in the forest clearing. Cuckoo birds were singing and a dog was barking somewhere in the woods. The sun was now rising above the treetops. A mystical mist from outside of time and mind moved silently along the floor of the enchanted magical forest.
“Um,” Wally said quietly, “I can explain everytthing, Uncle Floyd… like we were on the autobahn, and like—”
Floyd ignored Wally and spoke directly to Pigpen.
“Let’s get you to Munich right away, Mr. McKernan. Are you up for your scheduled concert tonight? Mr. Sam is very worried about you.”
“That so? Good old Sam the Nanny.”
Wally spoke up again. 
“Uncle Floyd! There's a very dangerous lady up there at the house! She's all tied up behind the sofa in the basement—”
Floyd beamed earnestly like a teacher to a prize student.
“Crazy Helga Stolz? Good work, boys! Honor is due.”
Cal cleared his throat. “Er, how did you find us, Mr. Mantis?”
Floyd smiled grimly. 
“Mr. Caltrop! Thank your little girlfriend, who gave the police a very detailed description of Helga, one Viktor Bagginz, and the vehicle. A very sharp detective in Stuttgart got on the horn with Sylvia, the lady who just left with your abductors.”
“Shade?” Cal gulped comically. “My GIRLFRIEND? Wait a minute here—”
“Yes indeed!” Floyd chuckled. “That very brave little girl opened up her heart to Sylvia and I when we debriefed her. She's a HERO and quite the catch for you, I should think!”
Wally smirked meanly and Cal blurted, “Hero? Um, she's NOT my girlfriend…”
“That's not what she told US.”
Cal closed his eyes and sighed harshly as Floyd took Pigpen by the arm and pointed vaguely into the trees.
“Shall we go, Mr. McKernan?”




4) The Show Must Go On

Noon, Hohenzollernstraße, Munich
Sylvia Clyde-Jones dropped Wally and Cal off at Floyd's leased house in Munich's trendy Maxvorstadt district. Wally's battered old Trabant was already parked in the driveway, thanks to the grateful coppers. Cal's weather-stained backpack was already in his possession. He was very glad that no dope was in it when it was recovered by the cops.
“Someone will be along to pick you up at six,” Sylvia told them before she and Shade roared away down the street. Shade was going to stay with Sylvia until her family could decide just what to do with her. It turned out that Shade was only 17 and her real name was Dorthy Meese. Hee-hee-hee.
“So THIS is where the spies live,” Cal chuckled. “I'm, like, impressed.”
“Eat my shorts, Cal.”
“Woof!”
“Speaking of woof…”
“If you are referring to me and one, um, Dorthy MOOSE, well, let's just say: no way; fuck YOU; end of statement.”
Wally and Cal took turns in the shower (YES!) and then pigged out on leftovers in the kitchen. Wally had a surprise waiting for Cal, oho. Or so he thought. Imagine his stupified surprise when he fished out his stash from his pithy hiding place: a dirty rolled-up sock at the bottom of a very cluttered closet. Instead of a few grams of hash, only a few altoids and a teeny note which read:
Yesterday on the stair / I met a little man who wasn't there.
The little man who wasn't there said in a little voice I couldn't hear:“Please tell Wally that it isn't called DOPE for nothing! Candy is dandy and liquor is quicker!”
 Love, F
Uh-ho, Wally muttered dumbly. Trouble ahead, trouble behind…

Uncle Floyd drove Pigpen into Munich. Floyd found him to be a great conversationist and storyteller. When Floyd remarked that he liked jazz, Pig said he really dug Vince Guaraldi. Floyd replied that he did too. The Twain shall meet. 
Mr. Sam was waiting next to the vintage airplane out in front of the Kongresstadt Museum Concert Hall located on the stately Isar river in the heart of Munich. Sam nodded to Floyd and ushered Pigpen inside. Floyd glanced at his watch and roared away. He had things to do. Top secret spy stuff. 
Once inside, Pigpen was greeted by the band, who razzed him goodnaturedly.
“You're late!”
“Yeah, I am that.”
“Where you been, Piggers?”
“If I told you, you wouldn't believe me.”
“Oh come on, Pig, we always believe you, heh.”
“OK. I was kidnapped by a horsey Kraut chick an' some red flag whackos, man. Me and some cool dudes from California.”
“You were... like what, really?”
“Yeah, 'n we were like rescued by a real foxy chick in a cocktail dress and nazi goon dudes with machine guns. In the Black Forest.”
“Sure you were. —Nurse!”
“Shit.”
“Aw c'mon Pig! Everybody loves your shaggy dog stories, but sometimes—”
“Well, I TOLD you fools you wouldn't believe me. Now fuck off and fetch me my harmonica case, I got a show to do.” 

1972-05-18, One hour before Showtime, Kongressaal Music Hall, Munich
“I'll pick you up out front thirty minutes after the show,” Sylvia told Wally, Cal, and Shade when she deposited the exhilarated trio at the Kongressal service loading dock area.
“Mr. Sam is waiting for you. Have a good time, kids!”
Sylvia then roared away into the sunset. She had things to do.
Some guy fooling around with cables and stuff introduced himself.
“Wally, Calvin, and Dorthy? Hi! I'm the Wizard, co-recording engineer for this tour. Mr. Sam told me to keep an eye open for you. Let's go inside.”
Cal really hated it when people called him 'Calvin' but he was too jacked up to be annoyed. Mr. Sam was pretty cool, although he was very busy. 
“Just hang loose and I'll be right back.”
The less said about Wally locking himself outside of the Kongressaal, the better. Let's just say he chose that serendipitous moment to really need to go to the bathroom. Some guy rolling something on wheels helpfully directed him to a narrow hallway lined with doors.
“Men's head's got a clown face on the door. Don't mistake it for the one with Snow White. That's the ladies room.”
“Gotcha.”
Wally trotted over to the door with the clown, stepped inside, and found himself back outside on the loading dock. Nobody was around. The clown door was locked and Wally said shit. He pounded and pounded and nobody came. Damn.
When Wally couldn't be found, Mr. Sam said OK and hustled Cal and Shade into the inner backstage lair of the Grateful Dead. The room was jammed with freaks! 
“Say hullo to Calvin and Shady,” Mr. Sam announced dryly. Cal winced yet again, but he just shrugged and let it go. After all, Mr. Sam was pretty cool about letting them come backstage. Shade was a little annoyed, however.
“My name is SHADE, not Shady.”
Someone laughed weirdly: Bobby 'Ace' Weir. Garcia dutifully grinned for the 'VIP's. 
“Went to see my Shady Grove…” he chanted in a corny country twang, “…she was standing in the door… 'n her little bare feet on the floor…”
Phil caught Cal's eye and grinned. “Hey! The kid from Stonehenge! It's a small world!”
“Newcastle was real a gas,” Cal said. Bob Weir laughed again.
“Naw, it was a real icebox!”
“Hey dude,” Pigpen said to Cal. “Where's your buddy? Y'know, Wally the spy?”
“Um, Wally must've got lost lost, I guess.”
“Anybody named Wally deserves to be lost,” said a guy Cal recognized as Rock Scully.
“Lost in space! Like alright, it's been a real pleasure! Don't call us, we'll call you!”
Unmindful of Mr. Sam, Rock proceeded to hustle Cal and Shade toward the door. 
“Hey, like, enjoy the show, har-har-har!”
Pigpen growled, “Hey cool it, Rock. Be polite.” 
“I'm cool,” Cal said bravely. Pig nodded solemnly. 
“See you in the funny papers, kid. Maybe catch you back in California.”
“Forever brothers, Mr. Pen.”
Cal didn't terribly mind getting booted from the Dead's holy presence. After all, too many freaks were back there. Cal didn't want to be seen as one of them. Besides, the band probably needed to get focused for the show.
Once outside the door, Shade was like already gone. 
“Oops. Where did she GO? Shit.”
Cal and Wally were under Sylvia's strict orders to keep a very close eye on the spooky little chick who was the Hero of the Day who described crazy Helga to the cops and the CIA and the Gestapo. It turned out that her father WAS a general who WASN'T spaced-out on acid. Her daddy thought she was Stateside with her mother and her mother thought she was in Germany with her father. Shady little seventeen year-old Dorthy 'Shade' Meese. 
All of this background noise drama was like one ongoing hallucination. The Universe was surely laughing like a big fat smiling buddha wearing a cowboy hat. No matter, tonight's show was surely going to be righteous. Cal's instructions from Mr. Sam?
“Stay out of everybody's way in the wings on Pigpen's side of the stage.” 
Oh yeah, that was more than cool with Cal. He could dig Pig and Jerry from relatively up close. He wished he had a pen, a small notebook, and a joint to smoke. 
Little did Cal know that sneaky little Shade was already back inside the Dead's lair! No one even saw her creep right back into the dressing room right behind Scully. She was like, invisible as she surveyed the backstage scene. Her beady little eyes missed nothing as she listened intently to the chatter.
“Look at all the little 'Ubermenschen' out there, standin' round with their hands in their pockets…”
“As if we don't have anything better to do.”
“I wanna go HOME.”
“Well, we still got those shows in London to do…”
“Shit Mr. Sam, we're already just about ready to knock off.”
“If we can only get Garcia out of the cocaine museum we might actually MAKE it in time for our  London show.”
“Hey! I heard that!”
“I don't care about London, man. Ain't we been there already? Like my kidneys are hurtin' and I'm tired of these damn little busses…”
“Just five more nights, Pig. Just one more week and then you can hibernate…”
“Shit. Wachoo gonna DO with me? Put me on the shelf again?”
“You be the de judge. Meanwhile we got all those gigs to play!”
“You don't wanna let em' down now, do ya Pig?”
“Shit. You turkeys are lucky I even made it to Munich alive. We should be givin' them brave kids a great big hand and not the BOOT 'n a 23 skidderoo…”
“You mean your daring escape from the Communist Martyrs?” 
“Shit.”
Shade felt very sad for Pigpen. Oh sure, they were surely just kidding him—or were they? Musicians were so full of themselves sometimes. Even Donovan.

Wally was just moping around the loading area, not doing much of anything, when he felt a tap on his shoulder. It was the Wizard.
“Whatcha doing out here, man? Showtime's in a few minutes.”
“I got locked out, um, by accident.”
“Sure you did, eh? Situation normal. C'mon, I'll get you inside—I think!”
The Wizard somehow scored him a seat in the tenth row on Keith's side.
“Best I could do, I guess. Enjoy the show! Hey, I gotta get back out to the sound truck before Betty has a nervous breakdown!”
“Many thanks, Mr. Wizard!”
Wally found himself sitting next to a big fat gut clad in Lederhosen Bavarian shorts drinking a frothy lager in a plastic cup. His lap was loaded with snacks. He looked like a yodeler at some sort of Oktoberfest beer hall.
“Ich habe noch nie von diesem Grateful Dead gehört!” he bellowed heartily. “Sind sie eine wirklich hip swingende Band wie The Who?”
(I've never even heard of this Grateful Dead! Are they a really hip swinging band like the Who?)
“Oh, they're pretty swinging,” Wally said with a straight face. He was pretty sure that this dude was dosed on maybe acid. “They even got to play on Playboy After Dark!”
“Bravo! Help yourself to a Pretzel Twist? Here, have a sip of beer! Ja! Ist Gut, nein?”
The yodeler then proceeded to draw neon fairy circle tracers in the air. Oh boy…
Wally was just happy to catch the show. He was wondering how Cal and Shade were doing when the band began moving around on the stage. Alright. The band opened up the show with Truckin'. This one was loose as a goose, with Pigpen's organ high in the mix. Once again, Wally was very impressed with the new guy Keith. He didn't step all over Pigpen and Pigpen didn't step over him. Wally really liked this new double keyboard mix. Truckin' didn't bust out of the cage like it did back in Frankfurt. The band was just getting warmed up. Sugaree was next, again with Pigpen prominently in the mix. Jerry sang and played with sweet restraint until the song built up to a mighty climax. 
Next up was Mr. Charlie and Wally gave Pigpen a rowdy rebel yell. Mr. Pen didn't waste any time. He stated his demands, said his piece, and growled with menacing authority. “Mr. Charlie told me so…”
Wally's highlights of Set 1:
China Cat / I Know You Rider. The hall really began to rock during the jam. 
Playing in the Band (once again) took everybody for a ride to the moons of Tralfamadore and back again. Whoosh!
Good Lovin' was Wally's favorite number of the set. The jam was a fantastic funk/jazz groove dominated by Keith and Billy the K. Pigpen did his bit, although he kept it a bit shorter than his usual lusty rants.
When the band kicked into Casey Jones, Wally instinctively knew that it was the closing song of the set. It was now time to shake this Bavarian yodeler dude and find a new seat for Set 2. “Excuse me,” he shouted as he squeezed past the fat guy. “Gotta take a leak!”
“Take a LEEK? From WHO?”
Wally was already walking very fast down the aisle. 
“Hey, vait for me!” the yodeler shouted. “I'll buy you a frothy lager!” The maniac rose to his feet, spilling snacks and strudel. Wally broke into a very brisk trot, with the fat man in bumbling pursuit. What to do? Wally immediately cut into a row of seats. 
“Excuse me,” he said as he squeezed past pissed-off people, “Sorry! Pardon me!” 
A bunch of kids were dancing on their seats. One of them was a girl who looked vaguely familiar. She just HAD to be from California! When Wally reached the main center aisle, he took a hard right turn and backtracked up toward the stage. The band was really pumping now. Driving that train… high on cocaine…

Set 1 Interlude: Cal and Shade Reunited
Cal thought the Dead's first set was the very best he ever heard, but that's what he always thought at nearly every Dead show. He was amazed how everything sounded so different from his vantage point in the stage wings. The drums were much louder, as well as Pig's organ. Jerry and Bob's guitars sounded almost stereophonic. 
Cal was getting a better handle on the new songs now. He was digging Playing in the Band when he was startled to find Shade bopping along quite joyfully by his side. Maybe she was a ghost! When the song was over, she showed him a half-smoked joint. 
“I found a bunch of them on the floor in the dressing room,” she explained.
Alright. Casey Jones was an absolute blast, say no more. Cal and Shade were both totally unaware that Wally was nervously milling around in front of the stage. What to do?
An alert security goon was moving towards him when Mr. Sam magically stepped out of the shadows. Truly an angel sent by GOD.
“Hey, kid! Where have you been? In the loo? Come with me!”
“You bet!”
And that's how Wally ended up with Cal and Shade for Set 2.

Set Two
Cal, Wally, and Shade managed to smoke a few roaches on the sly before the Dead reassembled back on the stage for the second set. Some sort of fire marshal gave them the evil eye a few times but they always would look perfectly wholesome and innocent-like. 
Wally would say something like, “Hallo! Tolle Arbeit heute Abend! Mach weiter so!” 
(Hi! Great job tonight! Keep up the good work!)
Ha-ha-ha. 
Who would've guessed that the band would kick off the set with Sittin' On Top of the World? A brisk Me and My Uncle was next. Wally really dug where the band was going. A new song by Jerry was up next: a good-timey skating rink-styled romp called Ramble On Rose. Keith and Pigpen both shone on this lazy upbeat number. Alright!
Beat It On Down The Line got little Shade a-boppin', much to Wally's amusement.
And then there was a lengthy pause and then...
Dark Star exploded like lotus flower gems in their collective heads and bodies. Cal gazed transfixed at the very heavy-looking chandeliers high above everybody's heads. What a place! He suddenly remembered a night at Winterland when the Dead were so loud that plaster fell from the ceiling! Were these tinkling sparkling thunderbolts hanging by slender threads from the ceiling capable of handling the volume and sheer psi-phenomenal activity of Godzilla? Oh sure, the Germans were well known as crack engineers, but this was the Grateful F-ing Dead! Oh yeah, Garcia was laying out some aching bending lines, more achy and bendy by the bar. And as for Phil… the band almost sounded like an unrehearsed jazz band—a space jazz band, that’s for sure! Little pivoting segments of space-time began appearing in Cal's 'third eye' accentuating the rhythm and pitch of the music. He was beginning to feel like he was stuck in a kaleidoscope—and he wasn't even tripping!
When Morning Dew rose out the ashes of yet another stellar Dark Star, Cal wondered just how these Deutchlander das Volks felt about living at Ground Zero between the world’s two greatest nuclear powers? The nightmare aftermath imagined in Bonnie Dobson’s superb (if not dour) 'protest' song could easily come true if the Great Powers came to blows. What if Nixon, Kissinger, Brezhnev, and Kosygin couldn’t, or wouldn’t, be able to get along? What if it all ended with a flash and a boom on a blasted morning with ruined cities full of soot and radiation? Did these Jerries enjoying the music feel protected? 
Protected? Who was fooling who? Weapons of mutual assured destruction were ever ready to fired from deep underground silos not very far from charming München Town on the rolling majestic Isar River. Sometimes accidents happened, despite the very best intentions… were the sociopathic goons in power even concerned about THAT possibility? Murphy's Law was an established law of physics. Those were Cal's thoughts as the crescendoing waves of Dew immersed his mind and body.
Wow. This here song sure is making me sad…
Jerry's jagged guitar lines and Pigpen's sweet organ helped Cal feel better about the expanding universe as Morning Dew reached critical mass with a magnificent climax. 
I guess it doesn't matter anyway
Cal's brain returned to the Kongressaal Pagan Revival Meeting. Wally and Shade were applauding enthusiastically. Oh yeah, that sneaky little waif was whooping like to raise the everloving motherjumping DEAD! And up they ROSE! BOOM! Weir trotted out Sugar Magnolia and Cal perked up righteously. This was one of his favorites. He always especially grooved when Garcia would kick on the wah-wah for the instrumental break.
She can dance a Cajun rhythm just like a Willys in four wheel drive…
Cal noticed that Wally's 'Americans' dancing in the back nows were being hassled by the stiff lederhosen-clad ushers. The Americans just kept on grooving, and the ushers only shrugged and walked away. Maybe they were dosed themselves, like the fat yodeler who wanted to ply Wally with lagers for nefarious purposes, heh-heh-heh. 
(The yodeler was still on the loose, smooching up a plump ripe local machden. Maybe Pigpen was sending him a psychic signal to “get yo hands out yo pockets” and into someone else’s, like right ON!) 
Cal suddenly noticed that Robert Hunter was staring at him. Maybe he DID see Cal snapping pictures of him on the sly back at Stonehedge! Hunter arched his brows, smiled, and headed back behind the amplifiers… hmmm…
When Sugar Magnolia bounced to a close, Caltrop had a wondrous vision: The Count from Sesame Street! Of course! Bobby Weir was the Count singing at the opera, wailing his Sunshine Daydreams to the freaking stars! For sure! BOOM-BOOM and it was all over.
Encore time. Holy Fudd, it was definitely a change of speed and mood when they began Merle Haggard's old nugget Sing Me Back Home. One could almost hear a pin drop in the old concert hall specifically designed for dynamic acoustics. The new chick Donna was back and she sang very sweet harmony which resounded eerily high above the hall. A very strange thing happened: tinny German voices could be clearly heard over the PA. Cop chatter? Wally and Cal knew that the Bundespolizei were busy rounding up 'fellow travelers' of Crazy Helga, Viktor, and that scary dude Gunther.
Sing Me Back Home: Caltrop always imagined himself as that last morning prisoner asking for his “guitar playing friend’ to come by and play that old song one last time… man. By the end of the song, he felt like Jerry and the band were speaking directly to him. Sing US back home, Jerry sang, back to California, where there’s no festival mud people, no crazed acid-dosed Bavarian yodelers, no waffle-iron French gas-tank-destroying Jacobin vandals, and no Communist terrorists with lisps out to kidnap… Pigpen? Of ALL people. OK, those maniacs did think they were snatching Jerry, but STILL…
One more thing happened before the number ended. A special timeless moment. Pigpen glanced over at Cal and Wally, as if it was the very first moment he was aware of them watching from the wings. Maybe it was. Pigpen looked into Cal's eyes and nodded. Cal somehow knew that 'Blue Ron' was nodding goodbye. 
The Dead closed out with rocking One More Saturday Night. Weir must have kept one of his vocal chords held back in reserve for his rave-up blow-off closer!
 Cal and Wally never saw Pigpen perform ever again. Little did they know that Ronald C. McKernan, 27 years old, would die all alone ten months later in California.



Maybe Sing Me Back Home would've been a much better closer than One More Saturday Night, but long live rock n' roll. R.I.P. Blue Ron.
“Pigpen was and is now forever one of the Grateful Dead.” 

https://liveforlivemusic.com/news/remembering-ron-pigpen-mckernan-videos/


***

2022: Two Old Farts

CAL: “Hail, Comrade Walpole!”
WALLY: “That's COMMISSAR Walpole, you dithering proletarian genuis, you!”
CAL: “Please don't ever change, Wally! Your utter audacious contrarian brilliance always keeps me on my toes!”
WALLY: “Indeed.”
CAL: “That being said, I can still remember with fondness those golden olden days when you were still hip! You also insisted that your birth name was Wallace.”
WALLY: “Wouldn't YOU?”
CAL: “But you eventually DID give up the pretense!”
WALLY: “Correct! My earnest sense of hipness was shot off by a Russian spy.”
CAL: “Was her name, gulp, Helga?”
WALLY: “Nein! It happened at a Dead show!” 
CAL: “Why wasn't I informed? When did this tragedy happen?”
WALLY: “Maples 1973! Or was it Kezar? Hmm…”

Books by Kevin Donohue and Mark Lind-Hanson

Third Eye Patch

https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/299560

Mongoose Moon by Kevin Donohue

https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/495973

Caltrop by Mark Lind-Hanson

https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/495959

More books by Mark Lind-Hanson

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/msurrealist

