Prince Wars

ipam





Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.







Mature entertainment…


A royal tale of flight, fight, or fancy…

First novel of the Royal Wars, a new series of love and hate; princesses and princes, shafts and swords, power and submission; greed and gift; life and death.

Between the two Great Oceans, there is a large continent which is unnamed and filled with numerous individual kingdoms that make up the Confederation.

The Kingdom of the Sun

The Kingdom of the Land 

The Kingdom of the Wind

The Kingdom of the Sand

The Kingdom of the Fire

The Kingdom of the Snow

The Kingdom of the Lakes

However, there is a plot of fertile and rich land which is named the Pamburg Kingdom that is surrounded by a range of mountains, the Delta water, and a pair of crystal gates, where no comes in and no one comes out.

Within the Confederation lands, a gang of young seventeen-year-old royals are attending the last few weeks at the Royal Academy, selecting a mate for life and starting a new career path as an adult royal of the inherited kingdom.

Except, some teen and adult mental thought processes are pondering a new adventure that might lead to a new leader, if the various plots are played out correctly.








Present day and place and time


Year 3060
Day 78th
Springtime


9th hour (mid-morn)

Palace Mountain
Princess throne room location
Outdoor flower garden setting
Warm temperatures with bright yellow sunlight


Between the waters of the two Great Oceans, there existed a set of numerous continents. One of the largest was not named but was composed of numerous vast kingdoms with an individual ruler. The alliance of the kingdoms was called the Confederation.
Near the top of the vast continent, there was the separate, isolated, and vast Pamburg Kingdom, too.
In the Pamburg Kingdom on the top of the palace mountain inside the princess throne room, there stood a row of elevated lounge chair sofas that contained an individual teen princess. The elevated lounge chair stood tall above the rows of colored garden flowers, staring down at the tiny curvy footpath of five inches of purple tinted smooth stone. Each teen princess did not lean over into an eardrum of the other teen princess. She whispered and giggled with a set of words that were captured by the single face patch of a distinct color hue.
The colored face patch was linked to each her sister princess who also wore the same colored face patch which transmitted into a set of funny or vile secret words and as, each sister princess viewed the single girl on top of the flat surface that was surrounded by colorful sapphire blue, pink, red, and purple tinted flowers.
The old dance instructor with a set of heavy white strands inside a head of amber colored hair on a face of smooth amber colored wrinkles, and a pair of amber tinted eyeballs wore only an emerald green colored face patch of a single wiggling line on the left cheekbone. The face patch was displayed on the left cheekbone of each princess within the natural color of amber for receiving the vocal instructions from the dance instructor. The emerald green colored cheekbone face patch did not allow a two-way conversation with the princess and the dance instructor.
When the dance instructor vocally talked, the emerald green tinted face patched twinkled in rich hues within her wrinkled face and each princess face of amber skin tone.
The old dance instructor smiled and spoke the vocal instructions which echoed into each emerald green colored cheekbone face patch of each princess. She was speaking directly to the teen princess on top of the purple stone. “Dance on your toes, not your soles. Do it in time or step on the slime. I have made a rhyme. Don’t you know?” The other teen princesses inside each elevated lounge chair gently clapped with a set of giggles and chuckles for the dance instructor with honor and respect. The dance instructor smiled at the teen princess, who stood on top of the purple tinted surface. “Stand on your toes! You are dance around the flowers inside the five inches of smooth stone until the end note of the classical music. Or you will not attend the princessly gala, tomorrow night. Begin now, Princess Acranna!”
Sixteen years old Acranna lifted a body up into the air with a worried brow with a puff and stood upon the tips of each toe, dancing side to side on top of the flat smooth surface of purple tint between the two rows of short sapphire tinted blue and purple tinted flowers.
The Pamburg Kingdom was a land cluster of numerous small villages that was surrounded by a range of large and lush forest woodlands of mountains that kissed the snow covered mountains of the next kingdom. Years past, each young king and queen of Pamburg had birthed and raised fourteen princesses and fourteen princes that represented each planet, a royal ritual.
The other thirteen princesses were gathered inside the two split rows that stood stationary high up in the cool air waves of the late afternoon, standing above the curvy rows of flowers and away from the foot pathway of the next dancing sister princess.
The face patch in an arch brow design over the left eyebrow twinkled in bright sapphire blue hues, and as sixteen years old Princess Romaggie whispered with a giggle into the air waves. Then, all her words transmitted into the other matching color and design of the arched brow face patch that was displayed over the left eyebrow of each sister princess. “The flowers are sting blooms that mark your tender toe flesh with a red bump when a toe encounters the prickly tiny cute petal.” Then the arched brow face patch turned back into her natural color of amber shading.
“No.” Her face patch of the same design of an arch brow over the left eyebrow on the face twinkled in bright sapphire blue hues and as, sixteen years old Princess Hokkeedo gasped in shock and watched her dancing sister princess, waiting her turn to dance between the rows of flowers over the purple tinted smooth surface. The purple tinted surface was only five inches wide for a set of tippy toes, not a flat foot sole. The purple stone zigzagged around the flora garden of curved flowers, where each princess would practice the homecoming dance for the king and the queen, who were their mother and father on Pamburg.
The older dance instructor stood safely on top of a solid section of purple stone which was off to the side and flung both arms into the air with a fake smile at the young princess, and as her cheekbone face patch twinkled in emerald green hues, transmitting the words to each princess. Then, the wiggling line of the emerald green cheekbone face patch of each princess twinkled with the same words. “Up and lift both arms, Princess Acranna! Make merry. This is a happy time at the gala, tonight. This isn’t a funeral stomp for your dead pet.” Then, the emerald green cheekbone patch turned back into her natural skin tone of amber.
The single sixteen years old sister princess slowly moved side to side on her toes over the narrow band of smooth stone with a worried brow of sweat, flinging both arms to remain balanced.
“She is okay.” Her face patch of the arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues, and as sixteen years old Princess Sinnot smiled down at the other dancing sister princess on top of the smooth walkway between the short rows of pretty flowers.
The sound echoed and twinkled of sapphire blue into each arched brow face patch of each princess, and as sixteen years old Princess Gotterina lifted a forearm into the lips and kissed the skin with a soft smack, leaving a red colored lipstick mark and a giggle. Then, she dropped down that marked arm, lifting the other arm in the air and into her lips, kissing the skin, marking it with red lipstick colors with a soft smack.
Her arch brow face patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “What is that sound?” Sixteen years old Princess Beebelle turned with a sour frown and stared at each sister princess, hunting for the disturbing noise.
Romaggie turned with a smile and twinkles of sapphire blue from the arch brow face patch to see her sister princess. “Gotterina is kissing her arms for fun.”
Sixteen years old Princess Lucidew stared ahead at the opposite row of elevated lounge chairs to see her silly sister process and as, her arched brow patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues, “What are you doing, Gotterina?”
The arch brow face patch twinkled in sapphire blue hue and as, Gotterina smiled down at her newly marked arm of red color from the lip cream. “I’m practicing the correct lip pucker when I kiss my royal prince for the first time after my princess walk, tomorrow night.”
Sixteen years old Princess Teath nodded with a smile and always overcompensated the personal vocal responses for fun and annoyance to each sister princess, staring down at the dancing princess and as, her arched brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “She is awesome, magnificent, outstanding, marvelous…”
The teen sister princess continued to dance on top of her toes with a smile of sweat, flinging both arms into the air and then stomped on top of the purple flower with the big toe of the right foot and a yell of pain. “Ouch!” She stopped the dance and lifted a bloody foot in the air with a sad face, standing sideways between the narrow walkway of purple stone and caressed the toe with a sad face.
Sinnot twinkled with sapphire blue hues within the face patch of an arched brow, looking down at the injury princess. “She is not okay.”
Teath twinkled with sapphire blue hues within her face patch of an arched brow and a sad face. “She is lousy, clumsy, ungraceful, doltish…”
“Shush, Teath!” Romaggie twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow with a sour frown at her sister princess.
The wicked dance path was located on the entrance edge of the second level within the mountain palace for the king and the queen of the Pamburg Kingdom where each sister princess lived and played. The rest of the second level contained the eating hall, the dancing hall, and the entertainment hall for each sister princess to enjoy.
The dance instructor wrinkled her forehead and as, her cheekbone patch twinkled in rich emerald green hues to each matching cheekbone face patch on each princess. “There, there! You are a princess. You are fine. The dance session has concluded for the late morning. It is time for the lunch meal. Then we will come back here this late afternoon to finish the dance lesson. There are a few more princesses that must complete the dance lesson before the princess walk. You are dismissed for lunch.”
Each sister princess reached up and jerked off the wiggling line of the emerald green cheekbone patch from a face. This face patch was used for communication with the educational teacher who would overheard any private sister princess conversation.
Sinnot landed both heels first over the floor with a smile and stood upright, twirling around, flaring out the circular blue colored skirt with a giggle and dashed behind the rows of lounge chairs and away the pretty sting flowers, disappearing through a side door into the kitchen space.
The shortest mountain was the royal palace that consisted of numerous tall and open domes and a one chiseled out interior cave room.
The western side of the smooth and rough terrain of the mountain faced the Delta water and viewed of the massive protection gates. The eastern side faced a range of taller mountains that held all the hidden earth minerals, where the mountain peak kissed the top of the snow-capped mountains within the Kingdom of the Snow.
The natives of the Kingdom of the Snow never invaded or bothered the Pamburg Kingdom without a treaty or an alliance, since the beginning of time. Thus, the Pamburg kingdom never disturbed the snow covered mountain peaks for fun or adventure, either.
The flat peak on the top of the palace mountain housed a very large and placid fresh water lake and a single man-made majestic open dome on the edge of the lake bank, where the king and the queen lived, who watched over each precious princess daughter. The lake waters slowly and calmly flowed down one side of the shortest mountain into a set of sixteen sparkling mini-rivers. Between each placid mini-river, a princess dome was built that totaled fourteen. On the outer edges of the two mini-rivers, there was not a dome structure.
Thus, the king and the queen of Pamburg always birthed a set of fourteen princesses that represented the strength and the survival of the Pamburg Kingdom.
Below the shortest mountain and the surrounding grounds, the ground land consisted of individual sections of wet and deep swamps and small narrow deep stream that held the true natives of wild white colored gators and yellow colored snakes that were too wild and too violent for a vicious viper much less a royal princess.
The dancing hall, the eating hall, and the entertainment hall, it was one big and gigantic single space that was chiseled out within the northern side of the mountain and it was located on the opposite side of the sixteen mini-waterfalls. The gigantic space was cut deep inside the mountain cove and away from the harsh sunlight, providing coolness during the daylight hours and warmth during the nighttime. It was directly underneath the mountain lake and below the edge of the cliff, where the dome of the parents stood. It was called the princess throne room.
The mountain base on the northern side provided a flat surface of solid yellow dirt which held a small fleet of metal copper tinted airships. The airships were used to travel back and forth into the various villages of the kingdom. 
Within the Pamburg Kingdom, a village held a set of the natives that worked a specific job and a specific product for the growth of the lands and continence of a self-sustained kingdom.
The Pamburg Kingdom was unique funny shape plot of land. The shortest mountain stood in front of a body of water that was called the Delta. The Delta waters fed the numerous wet swamps. A circular avenue of individual wet swamps and alternating dry pockets of yellow land encircled the shortest mountain for miles and miles until the edge of the swamp and pocket of land slammed into the foot toe of a range of high mountains.
The mountain range was steep and high of brown color with numerous green lush woodlands that provided food and shelter for the natural wild animals, cutting back toward the northern plain. At the edge of the mountain foot, there was an array of flat fertile land of brown colored soil for food crops. In front of the rows and the rows of food crops, there were scattered a set of individual colonies that housed all the natives.
The fourteen sister princesses had never visited a village or a mountain peak or a wet swamp. They were housed and trained to become a princess within confides of the mountain palace until the official princess walk.
On the second tier of the mountain side, facing the north, the flat yellow soil, and the row of airships, there was a limestone colored cave room of purple that had been hollowed out by acid rain water eons ago. A set of flat lounge chair stood on top of collective groups of tall icicle columns of stalagmites. The stalagmite rose from the solid floor of the cave floor and held each lounge chair in the air like magic with a set of rock steps that lead down to the rock cave floor. Each sister princess stood upright from their chair with smiles of lunch and a break from the ritual of princess learning, jerking the dress hem upward, exposing a pair of naked kneecaps. Each one gracefully marched down the rock covered steps which was part of the exercise, learning to be a social princess within the Pamburg Kingdom. Each princess had done the exercise, since the age of walking and talking, wearing a long dress, too.
On each side of the nasty sting flower garden and the rows of princess lounge chairs, there was a set of mountain stone steps that led down onto the yellow flat mountain soil and an overlooking balcony down to see the beautiful floor of the mountain, if a princess enjoyed seeing a white colored gator or a yellow snake that warmed on top of the yellow landscape. 
Romaggie stood upright to see the commotion with a giggle and slowly climbed down the steps, landing on the rock floor. She dashed ahead with a grin from the lounge chair and the lunch box of food, flaring outward the ankle-length circular skirt from both legs with a smile, dashing toward the overlooking balcony for a better eye view. She stopped and squatted down behind the high rock wall with a smile to see the object and whispered with a giggle and as, her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues into the matching arch brow of each sister princess. “Come over here to the western balcony, now! Get over here with me, now!”
Beebelle stood from the lounge chair and pressed down the sheathe dress of red with a sour frown, and as her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “Why, Romaggie?”
“No, Romaggie.” Gotterina stood upright over the floor and moved ahead, swirling in circles with a giggle of fun inside the deep and cool gathering hall where each sister princess ate food, danced to music, and learned to be a princess. Her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “What for, Romaggie?”
Romaggie lifted a face and peeked over the edge of the rock wall with a smile to see the object. “It is a prince…”
Gotterina stopped the twirl with a smile and touched the forehead from dizziness. “Where is the prince?” She saw Romaggie at the rock wall inside the overlooking balcony.
Beebelle spun around with a smile and dashed toward the row of lounge chairs, seeing the back spine of spying Romaggie. She turned and moved ahead to Romaggie, and as her arch brow face patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “Who is the prince?”
“A prince, really?” Teath stood upright from the chair and wiped dust off the long dress with a sour frown and as, her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues.
Each sister princess swung around with a grin and dragged a dress train over the smooth rock of the princess throne room, stopping and squatted down behind the rock wall to spy like Romaggie with giggles and as, each arch brow face patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues from the soft sound.
Romaggie smiled and did not point with a finger at the prince which was an improper motion of a princess and as her arch brow fact patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “He is one of the fourteen princes that live inside the gate house which is built behind the two crystal gates.”
“No,” Her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues, and as Gotterina smiled down at the prince.
“Yeah,” Her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues, and as Romaggie smiled down at the prince.
“Naw,” Beebelle smiled down at the prince, and as her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues.
“Yes,” Romaggie smiled down at the prince and twinkled within the arch brow face patch.
Her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues and as Teath stared with a confused brow down at the prince. “What is he doing here at the base of the palace grounds? I understand that none of the princes are allowed near the palace.”
Her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues and as, Medillane gasped with a worried brow. “Our father has selected his successor.”
Hokkeedo smiled and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch, staring down at the prince. “No, the princess walk is first before the prince walk in front of our parents. The new princess is selected first, which will be me.”
Romaggie whispered with a smile into the twinkling arch brow face patch that emitted the words to each sister princess, staring at the young prince. “He looks like our father.”
“Then we don’t look our father. We look like our mother that makes sense to me.” Romaggie smiled with a giggle and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch.
Her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hue and as, Teath smiled down at the prince. “Yeah, each one of my sister princesses looks like me and my mother,” gasping. “Wait! Then he is my biological brother.”
Beebelle smiled down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch arch brow. “No, he is a prince and a handsome one at that. Are all the princes just as handsome?”
Hokkeedo smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch. “Each prince looks like our father. Each sister princess looks like our mother.”
Teath gasped with a sour frown and stared with concern at the prince and as her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “That’s sick.”
Gotterina smiled down at the young handsome prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch. “I don’t feel sick. Did you eat another sour seedling from the fruit pit, again, Teath?”
Teath frowned down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch. “If I am the daughter to my mother, then I also am the daughter of my father. To make a baby, there is a mother and a father. If he is the son of his father, then he is the son of my father. Then, I am his sister. I can’t marriage a male that is my brother.”
Romaggie smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues her arch brow patch, transmitting her words to each sister princess. “Royals have been marrying each other and creating babies for centuries. I read that for my world history assignment during our princess class. It has worked for a long, long time. I don’t think we should break with the princess tradition. And I think that he is so really cute. I wonder what his name is.”
Her arch brow twinkled in sapphire blue hues and as Teath frowned down at the prince. “Each prince looks the same. Each princess looks the same. He is my brother.”
Romaggie smiled down at the prince and twinkled within her arch brow in sapphire blue hues. “No, we are all grown from a tiny fetus inside a sterile glass tube for safety and blood purity. This is why each one of us is similar looking like the queen mother with the same the amber hair, amber skin and amber eyeballs, but not a crooked nose like Gotterina.”
Gotterina lifted a hand and covered the nose with a gasp, and as her cheekbone face patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “I don’t have a crooked nose.”
“It probably came from your father.” Romaggie continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch.
Teath frowned down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch. “What does that mean?”
Romaggie exhaled with a puff of annoyance and as, her cheekbone face patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues, transmitting her whispered words to each sister princess. “Listen up! I am repeating this once.”
“Why are you repeating it only once?” Beebelle continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Romaggie twinkled within the arch brow face patch with a smile. “Teath is correct. A baby is formed from the egg of the mother and the sperm of the father. We studied that concept within our health session. Each one of us is created inside a slender tube of glass. The egg came from our mother Queen Shemerry. The sperm came from another male.”
“How do you know that?” Medillane continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
“I read, sister princess number eight.” Romaggie laughed and smiled down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
“Are we really numbered?” Beebelle continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
“Yeah,” Hokkeedo smiled and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch, staring down at the prince. 
Medillane continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Why are we numbered like a row of chairs?”
Teath continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Forget the numbering system, sister princess number eleven. How do you know that, Romaggie?”
Romaggie smiled and twinkled in sapphire blue hues at the royal prince. “First of all, I was born first of all the fourteen sister princesses. Second of all, I read everything within my hand patch during each evening inside my princess room, instead of eating like a gator, sleeping like an owl, and dancing the night away like a sister princess number six.”
Gotterina smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “I am sister princess number six.”
Hokkeedo continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “What does all that really mean?”
Romaggie twinkled within her arch brow at the prince. “Each baby is a royal birth from our mother. However, we are not from any type of genes from our father…”
Gotterina smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “Who’s my father?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Some old fart with a crooked nose, Gotterina.” Hokkeedo laughed and twinkled within her arch brow face patch in sapphire blue hues.
“What?” Gotterina reached up and grabbed the nose with a sad face again.
Beebelle continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “How do you know that, Romaggie?”
Romaggie smiled down at the prince. “My Nan told me that.”
Hokkeedo smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch. “Who is my father?”
Gotterina looked down with a gasp at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch. “Why did you talk to my Nan, Romaggie?”
Beebelle continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “And some of us got all of the brain cells from our father, except for sister princess Gotterina. She’s born last within the fourteen sister princesses.”
Gotterina looked down with a gasp at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch. “No, I am born as sister princess number six. Romaggie says so.”
Medillane looked down with a frown at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch. “We all have a Nan, a nurse maid. The specific nurse maid told Romaggie about her queen mother, who is our queen mother. What about our queen mother, Romaggie?”
“Our biological mother, her egg was genetically altered.” Romaggie smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face patch.
Teath frowned down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face. “Modified, manipulated, mutated, mismatched…”
Beebelle continued to smile down at the prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Shush, Teath.”
Teath frowned down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face. “Why would our father, our king, and our protector do that to our mother, our queen, and his wife? That doesn’t make any sense.”
Hokkeedo smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face. “So we would all look alike like we do now.”
Romaggie smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face. “Because, we will all be paired with a prince, and then we all get married. Then we all birth a baby princess. And then we are all natives of Pamburg. And we all look alike, again.”
Medillane giggled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face. “The cycle is spun and rinsed and removed.”
Beebelle smiled down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face. “Shush, sister princess number eleven.”
Hokkeedo stared down with a gasp at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face. “Look, the prince is moving away from the two other men. What is happening?”
Romaggie frowned down at the prince and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow face. “He is going back to the gate house.”
Beebelle lifted and pressed a fingernail onto the arch brow, snapping a visual picture of the royal prince. The arch brow face patch twinkled and recorded a still image, storing it into an arm patch for viewing. “Take a pic. Take a pic.”
Hokkeedo lifted and pressed a fingernail onto the arch brow, snapping a visual picture of the royal prince. The arch brow face patch twinkled and recorded a still image, storing it into an arm patch for viewing much later. “I got my pic.”
Gotterina lifted and pressed a fingernail onto the arch brow, snapping a visual picture of the royal prince. The arch brow face patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues from her voice and recorded a still image, storing it down into an arm patch for viewing. “Share, share, share your pic with me, too.” She wasn’t wearing the matching sapphire blue colored arm patch which had to view the picture of the handsome prince. The arm patch was located inside her personal princess suite. But she would be staring at the picture all evening until asleep.
Hokkeedo lifted and pressed a fingernail to the arm patch with a grin, sending to each matching sapphire blue colored arm patch that each sister princess used for visual communication. Her electronic picture copied from her arm patch and then stored into all the other arm patches for viewing the royal prince after suppertime. The arch brow face patch twinkled with sapphire blue hues. “I’m sharing with every sister princess.” 
On top of the ground surface of yellow soil, the teen royal prince stood between a set of two middle aged squires who were engaged in a secret conversation. Then, all three males turned and entered one of the stationary airships that were all lined in a straight row on top of the yellow soil. When the airship lifted from the soil, it soared into the blue sky and flew back toward the set of crystal gates between the mountain and the Delta water. Then a new scene appeared with the eyeballs of the sister princesses.
Romaggie twinkled in sapphire blue hues within the arch brow face patch with a smile at the empty spot of the airship which held the young and handsome royal prince. “Thus, we are all legitimate sister princesses from the same queen mother. But we are not related by blood to any of the royal sons. Each royal son received the same genes of the king. Thus, he is a royal prince. However, to create the prince royal, the other maternity genes were taken from another female. Thus, we all can pick out a hunky prince and get married and our own royal.”
“Yay!” Beebelle smiled and twinkled within her arch brow of sapphire blue hues.
“Woo-woo!” Gotterina laughed and twinkled within her arch brow of sapphire blue hues.
“Yeah!” Hokkeedo grinned and twinkled within her arch brow of sapphire blue hues.
Medillane moved away from the western overlooking balcony and stood upright, rushing to the other side of the mountain stone floor, and then squatted down in hiding with a smile. She lifted a face above the ledge and stared at the new sight with a giggle. Her arch brow face patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues, and as it transmitted her words to each sister princess. “Shush, sisters! Come over to the eastern overlooking balcony over here! Look at this, now!” 
Beebelle stood upright with a giggle and back stepped from the line of bodies, gathering the long dress, and spun around, dashing with a smile to other balcony and as, her arch brow fact patch twinkled in sapphire blue hues. “What is over there?”
Medillane continued to stare with a grin and a giggle at the sight and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within the arch brow fact patch. “Just get over here and come over and look at this, now! It will not last long. I promise.”
Each sister princess stood upright and back stepped from the rock wall, tripping over a dress hem, stumbling into each other with a set of smiles and giggles, dashing toward the eastern side of the overlooking balcony. Each princess squatted and lifted a face to peek over the rock wall with a gasp.
Romaggie gasped down at the new sight and twinkled within the arch brow face patch, “Sinnot, that is our sister princess Sinnot down there on ground level of the mountain?”
“What is she doing down there near the airships and the water lagoon on the ground level?” Hokkeedo frowned and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within the arch brow fact patch.
Beebelle frowned down at Sinnot and her prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “How did she get down there?”
Medillane continued to smile down at Sinnot and her prince and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “She walked down the rock covered steps from the second tier to the ground level of yellow ugly soil. They are located on the side of the mountain between rows of sting flowers. Numb, sister princess number eight!”
Gotterina laughed at the young couple and twinkled within her arch brow of sapphire blue hues. “Yeah, go for it, Sinnot!”
Hokkeedo frowned down at Sinnot and her prince and twinkled within her arch brow of sapphire blue hues. “What is Sinnot doing down there near the gators and lagoon anyways?”
Medillane smiled down at Sinnot and her prince and twinkled within her arch brow of sapphire blue hues. “Kissing the handsome prince, a second one!”
Beebelle continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Why are we numbered like a row of chairs?”
Medillane continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “She was punished for messing up the dinner table, four nights ago.”
Teath gasped down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “She has been seeing her royal prince, since four afternoons ago.”
“I guess.” Lucidew continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Romaggie continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “I don’t know.”
“I do know now.” Beebelle continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Gotterina continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Sinnot messed up the table and was ordered to dump all the used food down into the lagoon, feeding the nest of gators. The wild white colored gators are the natural protection mammals for us, since no numb would approach or wrestle with a wild gator.”
“Then the royal prince must have wrestled and win the gator.” Beebelle continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Hokkeedo continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “It looks like he wrestled and won over Sinnot.”
Gotterina frowned down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “I want my own royal prince to kiss and hug like Sinnot.”
Romaggie exhaled and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within her arch brow fact patch. “Tomorrow night is the princess walk. We will all meet and eat and find our true royal prince.”
“Look, they are kissing, again.” Beebelle continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Hokkeedo continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Look, they parted the kiss.”
Gotterina frowned down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Why isn’t she hearing our spying through the face patch?”
Romaggie continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “First, that sentence is inaccurate.”
“She removed the arch brow that all of us share. So we can’t hear her mouth breathing. She can’t hear us gossiping.” Teath giggled down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Gotterina gasped down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “They parted the kiss. 
“What does a kiss feel like?” Beebelle continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Hokkeedo continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “I don’t know.”
Romaggie continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Gotterina was kissing both her arms during the dance session. What does a kiss feel like, Gotterina?”
Gotterina continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue, “Wet and mushy and yucky.”
“That’s no help to my hormones, Gotterina.” Beebelle continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Medillane continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Then kiss on your arms and tell us, Beebelle!”
Lucidew gasped down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Look, she turned and dashed away from the prince.
Beebelle gasped down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “See? He turned and dashed toward the airship and entered.”
Hokkeedo gasped down at Sinnot within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “She’s coming back up the steps on this side of the overlooking balcony. Quick, we hide.”
Romaggie laughed. “Forget that! Quick, we surround her and find out what a kiss tastes like.”
Medillane smiled down at Sinnot and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Yeah!”
Romaggie stood upright with a smile and twinkled in sapphire blue hues within the arch brow. “Get up! We find out what a kiss tastes like. We meet Sinnot at the steps and go back to the eating table. She can explain it during lunch.” She back stepped from the rock wall with a smile and spun around with a giggle, dragging the dress train over the smooth rock.
The rest of the sister princesses stood upright and spun around with a giggle, following behind the dress train of their leader Romaggie, bumping into each other with a set of laughs.


Princess throne room setting


At the top of the rock covered staircase and on the edge of the cave room, there stood the princess throne room. Romaggie stood on the edge with a smile and blocked the entrance into the underground cavern where all the princesses ate and studied inside the princess throne room.
Sinnot slowly climbed each step with a silly grin and a sillier giggle, stopping and stared at Romaggie.
Romaggie frowned and twinkled with sapphire blue hues on the arch brow fact patch. “We saw you.”
“Yeah…” Sinnot moved ahead and bumped into the dress hem of Romaggie with a goofy grin, scooting around her sister princess, moving ahead toward the eating table. The table surface stood on top of another set of stalagmites with sets of covered in dishes of steaming food items.
The rest of the sister princess swung around with a grin and dashed toward the eating table, dropping down and surrounded Sinnot, sitting on the long bench or in front of the dress hem of Sinnot with a set of giggles and smiles.
Medillane nodded with a smile and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Tell us, Sinnot? We saw you kiss the prince. What does a kiss taste like?”
Sinnot turned and smiled to each sister princess. “It does not have taste. I mean I tasted his mint breathe on my tongue.”
Gotterina frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “You ate his tongue?”
Hokkeedo smiled twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “You kissed his tongue.”
Sinnot smiled to each sister. “His tongue kissed me.”
Teath frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Does a girl kiss different from a boy?”
Sinnot clapped and cuddled her hand with a goofy grin and a set of silly emotions. “The kiss felt like love. It was precious and tender. It was rough at first and then soft to my lips. Well, my heart stops when his lips touch mine. I am the only princess on the mountain…”
“We’re here, too.” Beebelle frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. 
Sinnot continued with the goofy grin. “His loving look is sexy and adorable, staring at me. His loving look makes my heart flutter. My lips tremble for the upcoming kissing. He dips down toward my lips and then stops.”
Gotterina frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Why?”
Hokkeedo laughed and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “The anticipation of the upcoming mouth drool of a kiss, numb!”
Sinnot smiled and twinkled within her arch brow of sapphire blue hues with a goofy grin. “Then he lowers the lips and touches my lips. My eyes are closed. My heart is racing. My toes are curling. I love him.”
Teath frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Does a girl kiss different from a boy?”
Medillane clapped with a smile and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Let’s find out!”
Beebelle frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “What?”
“I wanna kiss something other than my arms.” Gotterina frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. 
Romaggie clapped with a smile Beebelle continued to smile down at the young couple and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Why are we numbered like a row of chairs?”
Hokkeedo nodded with a smile and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “All right! We can kiss each other.”
“No.” Beebelle frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Romaggie smiled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Yes, I wanna learn how to kiss my royal prince right the first time. Teach us, Sinnot?”
Sinnot nodded with a smile and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “All right! Every sister should get paired up with another set of lips. First, swallow your salvia. Second, pucker your lips. Third, keep your eyes open. You don’t wanna miss the mouth. Fourth, one princess is the boy and moves his closer to her lips. Five, the other girl is the princess. So the princess sits still and do not move. Or your princess-boy will miss your lips.”
“You’re sick, Sinnot.” Beebelle frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Sinnot frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “I’m the expert here. Shut up, sister princess number eleven. Okay, each princess move closer to the face, tilt the head to the side. Or you will bump her nose bridge which hurts.
“Which side do I tilt my head?” Medillane titled to the side and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Sinnot exhaled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “I don’t know. Pick a side? I always tilt to the right side. So you tilt to the one side. Or you will collide with my nose. Everyone tilt your head to the opposite side of your princess.”
“You’re sick, Sinnot.” Beebelle frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Sinnot smiled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Tilt your head, close your eyeballs and part your lips. Each moving girl leaned into the stationary princess. Okay, keep the eyelashes closed. Or you will freak out. I promise. It is weird. Six, part your lips but don’t open the mouth. Mouth drool will fall out. Part the lips like drinking my favorite beverage of pineapple juice. Seven, touch each other lips. Each moving girl touched the parted lips of the stationary princess. Eight, your lips are touching. Now, your upper lip is hugging the upper lip of the princess. Your bottom lip is hugging the bottom lip of your princess.”
Medillane attacked the mouth with her tongue and a moan, kissing the parted lips, pulling with a smile from the face of Hokkeedo. “I like.”
Hokkeedo smiled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “I like Do it, again?”
Medillane giggled. “I love. Do it, more!”
Sinnot smiled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Ten, make motion with your lips and add some moans.” She giggled with a grin.
“Uoo,” Gotterina pulled away with a sour frown from the lips of Romaggie. “Your lips are wet.”
“It is called kissing.” Romaggie frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Gotterina frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. It is closed mouth drool. Or I will quit kissing on your lips.” she pouted and leaned down with her eyelashes closed. Romaggie leaned over and kissed the lips of Gotterina with a soft moan.
Sinnot smiled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Eleven, kiss the lower lip. Twelve, kiss the top lip. Thirteen, kiss around the top of the lips like the mustache…”
“I don’t have a mustache, Sinnot.” Beebelle frowned and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue.
Sinnot smiled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “Fourteen, pull back a little and then swipe your lips across the lips of your princess. Each girl, pull back and lean into a new kissing pose with a moan. I am hearing some moans. Do them, louder! Fifteen, move your hot lips down from their lips to the jaw line.”
Lucidew pulled back from the kiss with a smile from Arcanna and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “You taste tangy flavored like an orange.”
Acranna smiled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “I ate an orange for snack time.” She leaned forward closer to Lucidew and opened her mouth with a giggle. “This is giddy and weird and scary.”
Lucidew smiled and twinkled within the face patch of arch brow in sapphire blue. “I know. Do it to me! I wanna know how to kiss my prince, tomorrow night.” They both leaned close and touched each other lips with a moan, kissing on the lips for a second time.
Teath stood upright and away from each sister princess and exhaled with a huff of sour breath, swinging around to face the wall of food trays on top of the long table, marching ahead and stopped, collecting a tray of food with a deep sigh. She slowly spun around with a sour frown and moved up the staircase to eat inside her princess dome before she puked up the lunch meal.


11th hour (late morn)
Kingdom of the Land
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and white clouds 
Crop field setting


He moved over the red dirt between the two rows of new mature food crops that were ready for the harvest and tripped with a hiss over the exposed root system, catching his balance and stopped in place, staring up into the white clouds with a sour frown.
His friend, eighteen-year-old Vantrey turned with a grin and stared out across the rows of low crop fields of reds, browns, yellows, and greens. “Why do you stare into the north? The beauties that I wanna met are in the east, Modoc.”
“You think with your loin cloth, not your neurons.”
Vantrey looked down with a smile to see the set of tightly tailored and brightly fitted trousers that were tucked down into a pair of semi-polished matching knee boots and looked up with a grin, turning to see the nose profile of his friend Modoc. “I have not bothered to wear a single loin cloth garment, since I was a small child. But I do admit sometimes, I do enjoy the tight feel of my trousers around my d…”
“Didn’t you wonder about the mountain in the north?” Modoc stared through the clouds, not viewing the mountain lake. He was a prince within the Kingdom of the Land. The Kingdom of the Land was miles of red dirt that planted, grew, and harvested food stuffs for the local villages and the kingdoms beyond and down to the sandy beach.
Vantrey exhaled with a huff of frustration and turned to see the white clouds. “Yes, I wonder. No, I do not desire.”
Modoc exhaled with a puff of determination. “Yes, I do desire. What makes the Pamburg dynasty so much greater than our separate feeble kingdoms?”
Vantrey continued to stare with a sour frown into the far skyline of white clouds. “My father’s kingdom is not feeble. I am a prince, too. All the subjects of my parents are proud soldiers and…”
“Arm escorts, foot guards, body protectors, not fighting soldiers or dying warriors.”
“Yes, I agree. No, I disagree. There is peace throughout all the land of kingdoms. What are you implying that might change that peaceful situation, my old friend Modoc?”
“I want to see what is behind that sparkling and glittering tall and wide crystal fence that encloses the entire kingdom of Pamburg. I want to meet the faceless and voiceless king and his queen of the Pamburg kingdom face-to-face and chit-chat over some type of trivial conversation, drink a cup of sweet lemon tea or a pint of mead bitter.”
Vantrey laughed with a nod. “You sound like a gossiping old noble lady. I do believe that you have stayed to long within the fields of food, Modoc. I am getting hungry. Our jaunt has increased my appetite and flattened my drive of adventure. Let us go back to the castle and eat!”
The face patch glowed in the bright color of green and warmed the right side of the nose bridge with immediate attention. Modoc reached up and slapped the patch with a growl for the next emergency. “Modoc…”
The face patch said via the crop worker who was located somewhere within one of the thousands of crop fields to all eardrums. “The old harvester has crashed and burned within field number six hundred forty-two. The fire burn has been contained. The field is half burnt, useless for the rest of the standard year. You must talk to your father and request replacement supplies immediately, Modoc. The old harvester is still functional, but it requires many mechanic parts to rebuild for the next harvest which will be next year. Please arrange the delivery as soon as possible to the work station at field number six hundred fort- two. Worker Enfidum, out!”
The nose patch turned back into the natural skin tone of red tint that represented the natural coloring of Modoc and all the natives who also resided within the Kingdom of Land. The prince displayed a tall and muscular body frame with a head of neatly cropped light brown hair with a set of bangs over both eyebrows. His face was unshaven with a light dusting of light brown hairs around the jaw line, the lips, and both nose holes that greatly annoyed his mother Duchess Torgeezus. His eyeballs were colored in hazel with tiny specks of gold that flared with angry. Modoc was the first prince within the Kingdom of the Land.
The Kingdom of the Land included miles and miles of bright red and fertile dirt that grew rows and rows of fresh food stuffs for the single continent, a big responsibility for his father Duke Allakon. The single continent housed numerous kingdoms and thousands of villages of people.
Duke and Duchess of the Kingdom of the Land resided inside a beautiful manor of white, gray, red, brown, and black wooden planks.
On this day like the other days, his friend Vantrey walked with Modoc through the tall rows of crop fields for fun.
His princely friend Vantrey was a head taller than Modoc with a set of board shoulders and a pair of blue eyes. The twinkling blue eyeballs allowed him and the other natives to shine and see within the darkness at night on his home land, the Kingdom of the Sun. He wore a long ponytail behind the nape of his neck in the color of rich black. His face was clean shaven with a set of loop earrings, dangling from inside both earlobes. And a single looped ring hung down between the nose holes, creating great pain, when he smiled. Thus, Vantrey did not smile. His body frame possessed a tone of light brown skin. The right side of his chest cavity going down to the tenth rib within the rib cage held an array of colorful tattoos, marking him the highest rank of prince within the Kingdom of the Sun.
Each native of the Kingdom of the Sun displayed an array of tattoos, since the age of four years old. The age of four years was selected as the controlling point for any misplaced ugly and rude behavior. Every time a young child had misbehaved, a tattoo was burned into the skin, starting with the bicep of the right arm. Some of the younger and the older male and female natives displayed an assortment of colorful tattoos, including both facial cheekbones, both arms, both sides of the chest cavity, the complete back spine, and both legs, including both feet.
Once the entire body had been adorned with an array of colorful tattoos for each misbehaving act, the native was declared a trouble maker and was finally released into the darkness for a final punishment of the last nasty deed.
The Kingdom of the Sun was not a nickname. The land terrain was colored in orange dry and heated desert which was burnt each day from the bright yellow and heated sunlight. The day time air temperatures rose and extended over the one hundred and twenty degrees. Thus, a native or a creature could survive during the daylight hours.
At night, the air temperatures held around a cooler one hundred and six degrees, allowing the native species to roam for food and companionship.
At the age of twelve, the native was released out into the harsh, dry, and deadly desert terrain during the Time of Maturity ritual. If the desert did not kill you, then you became an official native of the Kingdom of the Sun. If the desert killed you, then you became instant food for the only living wildlife, the beetles.
A home consisted of an assortment of numerous dried beetle shells with a set of fist-sized air holes. The house formed a tall triangle into the skyline that allowed for constant air flow and individual compartment space for each family member. The air temperature was dry and hot. The air wind was non-existent. Thus, a home structure provided both warm and comfort from the hot day.
His father, Princelet Zitgestum was the ruler of the lands, except when his wife Princeletess Glay vetoed and overruled all his princely decisions inside the throne room and outside on the training fields, since the Kingdom of the Sun had a female leader, since the beginning of time.
The Kingdom of the Land Prince Modoc looked down with a stern face and kicked the moist soil with a sissy whine. “That is the reason for my wandering mind.”
Vantrey spun around with a sour frown to see the head of light brown colored hair roots of Modoc. “You are the first royal. You are honored with the most duty to learn and to eventually maintain the entire food supply chain, since I like to eat. And the people will not starve. And the food will flow…”
“I know that.”
“Then I know that you need a respite. Let us fill our tummies with food. Then I should take you to a new place of adventure.”
Modoc looked up with a stern face and turned to face the rows of crops. “Yeah, I know where the new adventure will be located. The Kingdom of Fire, I really don’t enjoy visiting with Pio…”
“She is a fine first royal princess with a set of cold hands. I look forward to her touch on my heated body, soon.” He laughed with a nod.
Modoc spun around within the soil and moved back toward the parked air ship with a sour frown. “You’re disgusting.”
Vantrey spun around with a smile to see the back spine of his friend. “You’re insulting my honor, Modoc. You are talking about my girl. The royal sons of the Sun always marry the royal daughters of the Fire, after the Time of Recognition.” He skipped ahead and stopped, standing beside the open door of the air ship with a smile, sliding down inside the front passenger seat of the two-seater air craft.
Modoc stopped and slid into the driver seat with a smile, reaching over and tapped the button.  “Yeah! That one is another disgusting royal event, too. And I remembered about you and your girl princess. Let’s go and eat. Then you can escort me to the Kingdom of the Fire.” The airship fired into power. He reached up and pressed the lever.
He turned with a smile to see the manual driving movements of Modoc. “You can allow the brain to control the steady and rapid flow of the automated airship.”
Modoc slid the gear forward for lift-off with a wicked smile. “Naw! I don’t touch electronic brains, only my brains. I like flying.” The airship swiftly launched upward into the sky from the dirt soil, creating a set of twisted wind storms, flying toward the clouds. “Hold on!”
“Ugh!” He reached down and grabbed the stomach with a sour frown and a sissy whine, “Too late!”
Modoc pulled the guiding stick backward toward his abdomen with a laugh and a grin. The air ship launched forward with a jolt and a plume of white steam toward his home.



Kingdom of the Sand
Home of Imperator Kung, his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
   and daughters first royal Princess Pelf
     and second royal Princess Nixie


Tan and beige beach with yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and blue sky


7th floor level
Assembly Hall
Interior setting


Pelf was a tall and slender female with a head of long white colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow tinted skin, possessing a quiet and conservation nature for a teen. She was a first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand.
The Kingdom of Sand was located on the edge of the massive land continent, overlooking miles and miles of deep blue ocean waters. The kingly castle was shaped in a perfectly square and tall tower of beige and white sand crystals that came from the sandy beaches. Each residential house was a smaller square shaped tower of beauty and sand also.
At the edge of the massive land continent, each individual white colored cloud produced a heat storm within the sky during the daylight and the nighttime. The yellow bolts of lightning flashed across the blue sky and the white clouds, dancing with the wind in various geometric streaks coming down vertical and then across horizontal the skyline. Thus, the sandy beaches were dangerous and empty of swimmers. The ocean waves crashed alone over the sandy beaches without a visiting sea vessel. The heat storms had existed since the beginning of time.
Over eons of time, the natives within the Kingdom of Sand had learned not to harness the bolts of lightning but admire the natural occurrence as a symbol of freedom and beauty. The natives had erected each building up toward the skyline to continue view and admire each lightning bolts.
The Kingdom of Sand didn’t produce a plate of food, a glass of wine, a shirt of cloth, a poem of memories, or a component of metal, creating commerce or revenue. The location housed the Royal Academy, a place of learning to become a princess and a prince.
The top floor held the assembly hall. The four walls were made of transparency glass that allowed the beauty of the flashing bolts of light to illuminate inside each wall. On the smooth floor base between all the glass windows, there stood an individual vertical block of tan and beige granite that held a life-sized statue which was made from an assortment of tan and beige colored sand crystals, also. Each life-sized statue represented the deceased royal member of each kingdom, standing between the glass panels, wearing an ancient stiff and formal attire of yesteryear.
The center of the room held rows of elevated throne chairs that represented each prince or princess and their associated kingdom. Each throne chair could be accessed by a short staircase that held either three or four or two steps. Some of the throne chairs were decorated with a single stiff kingdom flags on each side of the back rest for fun that designate their kingdom. Some of the other throne chairs showed a double-seated for two individuals to share for sniggers. Some of the throne chairs displayed a set of colored banners on the bottom edge of the platform between the steps of the staircase for more fun.
Pelf stared through the window and watched the dancing lightning, feeling nervousness, excited, and anxious, crossing both biceps around her breasts. She had left her princess chamber with the feeling of panic. She didn’t understand her feelings.
Well, Pelf did understand her feelings. She was the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand. She was to select her husband first before her second royal sister princess Nixie which sounded like fun. As the first royal princess, her dreams and desires, and demands came first.
However, each royal must participate within the Time of Recognition. It was a day inside the assembly hall in front of the entire populous on the single continent where each first royal princess or first royal prince would choose a mate for life to marry and produce the next heir. The terrible catch was that the selected mate could reject the sweet offer of the first royal princess or first royal prince in front of the populous which was a big red-faced humiliation reaction.
And that embarrassing action did occur on occasion and had occurred eighteen years ago.
To make all the young teen royals more nervous, first royal teen Princess Pelf would not necessarily go first to announce her selected choice for a mate. She could theoretically be asked to voice a lifetime mate last. Then she would end up with the last royal prince within the traditional ritual.
She nervously patted both arms with a set of manicured fingernails, staring out the side windows at the continuous flairs of lightning bolts. Usually, the flaring and pretty patterns of the bright lightning bolts calmed her emotions, but not today. Pelf did not perform a set of domestic chores or steer an airship or practice beating a dummy with a silly shaft. She enjoyed reading poems, dancing around her private room, and watching the lightning bolts form into an array of funny shapes in the skyline.
But today, her mind was disturbed and off balance. Her body was cold and chilled.
Today, it was the last week of academic royal sessions. Today, all the young royals would decide and choose the Time of Remembrance event within the afternoon royal session.
Pelf continued to stand and stare out the window, feeling nervous, frighten, and cold.


12th hour (mid-day)


Kingdom of the Land
Red dirt and rows of crop fields


Home of Duke Allakon and his wife Duchess Torgeezus
   and first royal Prince Modoc, second prince Jarl
     and third royal prince Altus


Airship cabin setting


The side door from the kitchen space slammed closed behind a set of two back spines.
Vantrey dashed from the side porch of the manor and moved toward the ancient transport first. Modoc followed behind the back spine of Vantrey with a grin.
The transport was parked within a short distance on the outskirts of the manicured lawn of the royal manor and displayed a cab section for two people in the shape of a smooth and rounded light blue tinted cone. Behind the rounded cone, there were a set of two connected and covered wagons that stood in top of a pair of landing skis. Each light blue tinted wagon matched the cone and was filled with an array of food stuffs from fresh meats to fresh vegetables.
The cab section held two doors that were open and ready for entrance for the young pair of princes.
A few hours ago, the old harvester farm equipment had blown and burnt through a set of guidance system gears which needed a set of electronic and metal replacement parts. All metal components were designed and developed within the Kingdom of the Fire.
Vantrey veered around the front bumper of the cone nose, reaching the seat first with a grin, sliding into the smooth leather.
Modoc followed behind the back spine of Vantrey until he disappeared from eye view. He stopped with a sour frown and stood beside the nose profile of Vantrey, who had occupied the pilot seat for some reason. “Get out!”
Vantrey reached up and tapped on the numerous buttons and levers, ensuring that the two wagons were anchored to the cab during flight. “Naw, you’re a lousy pilot.”
He frowned. “This is my craft. This is my land. This is my duty.”
Vantrey continued to check the monitors and the gears for the air flight from the Kingdom of the Land with a stern face for his safety and continued long existence of life, flying into the Kingdom of the Fire. “You’re still a lousy pilot. And I know the direction of the Fire kingdom.”
“I do, too. Get out and move over, Vantrey!”
“And I know the sensitivity of the forward gun gears better than you. Thus, I must fly the transport to reach the forward gun controls. You sit as shotgun and do not miss the River Rats, Modoc.”
He continued to stand and breathed out a sour odor on the cheekbone of Vantrey. “I am sensitive…”
“…with missing all the enemy targets. Yeah, I figured that one out, too late. Remember? The last time we did a run over to see my girl Pio to collect metal parts and flew over the river, you missed the River Rat boat of our known and familiar enemy. Then, they didn’t miss the air transport, cutting through the side landing skis. You had to land in the…”
“Fine. Okay. All right. Yeah, I remembered. Don’t ruin my day, anymore! It has been ruined too much, so far.” Modoc back stepped with a huff and a sour frown, turning to the side and dashed around the front bumper of the nose cone, sliding around the metal, and then scooted down into passenger seat. He webbed into the chair and scooted backward. His feet touched the weapon pedals. Both hands lifted and touched the upper weapon levers.
Vantrey reached over and grabbed the face patch, slapping it over the forehead with a stern face and a stern order. “Place a green solid colored face patch in square design over your naked forehead and away from your mouth drool and that furry face.”
Modoc reached over with a sour frown and slapped the front compartment that opened and revealed numerous rows of red or green tinted face patches. The miracle invention of the face patch greatly increased the long distance vocal and visual communication for social fun and work duty. The face patches were designed with numerous facial patterns for ease of slapping over a small body section of the face. He reached out and grabbed a square shaped forehead face patch and slapped it into the center of the forehead with a grunt of annoyance of his friend Vantrey.
The light blue airship cabin in the shape of cone with an extended compartment of two sets of straight wagons of food stuffs slowly lifted upward from the soil, creating a set of massive dust tornados, and then held steady in the air.
Vantrey continued to press the hand controls on the steering wheel that maneuvered the airship direction, air speed, and air protection of weapons. A set of panels slid open on each side of the underbelly of the main cabin, dropping down an array of numerous crooked metal arms. Each crooked metal arm was a firing weapon that rotated around the air and targeted the enemy which was control by a set of foot pedals on the floor of the cabin. Each crooked metal arm released a set of molted and heated lave liquid squirts through the air and down onto an enemy. The lava liquid came from the deep pits of the Kingdom of the Fire. The belly of each airship housed a furnace type compartment inside the middle spot of the underbelly that kept the lave liquid hot and ready for a firing kill shot.
The airship flew over the red colored dirt with ease. Then the nose cone of the airship sailed over the edge of light blue waters of the Delta toward the Kingdom of the Fire. That was the only passage in the air or through the water toward the opposite side of the three other kingdoms of the Confederation.
A fleet of fourteen patrolling River Rat fast boats was steering toward the north, looking for trouble. The Delta waters were owned by a group of citizens that were called the River Rats. The River Rats consisted of men, women, and children. They wore a hat that was made of an extra-large gator skull of bones that blocked out the harsh sunlight over a pair of sensitive eyeballs they painted crushed up sea creatures that sparked in white colors over the outer skin.
Each fast boat of the River Rat saw the new target that was flying over the Delta water, twisting around in a sharp curve, sailing over the water, and split into three separate groups. The twelve boats were too many zooming targets for a single airship. Each fast boat gained speed and sailed closer toward the overhead airship, firing an individual round of circular sizzling and heated purple colored lava bombs at the nearest skis on the airship cabin.
Inside the cabin of the airship, Vantrey pressed the right foot pedal, whipping the array of arms toward one of the fast boats. Each boat was too far away from each other for a group kill shot. The array of crooked metal arms, each shot out a short stream of orange colored lava that came from the heated compartment. The airship compartment contained a finite amount of heated lava liquid. Vantrey had to been cautious with the shared ammunition without depleting the compartment down into empty. He must fly back over the Delta waters in the airship, without losing a skis or a wagon.
The stream of orange colored lava spit hit the interior floor of the first River Rat boat with accuracy. The boat slowed and stopped in the water. Each River Rat jumped up and out of the boat, diving down into the cold water for safety. Some of the bodies were burning and floating over the light blue waters without swimming, but drowning down into death.
“Great shot!” Modoc turned with a smile and a chuckle to see the side window that showed the burning River Rat boat and the dead bodies over the water.
Vantrey pressed the hand lever and veered the airship toward the side, moving away from the three other boats with a growl of worry. “Fire the lava spit, Modoc!”
Modoc twisted the left foot pedal and aimed the array of crooked arms at the farthest boat that had sailed underneath the airship. The boat spun around in the water and headed toward the pilot side of the airship, targeting the skis and Vantrey and released around round of purple lava bombs into the air.
The bomb barely missed the skis.
Vantrey eased the steering wheel forward, making the airship lift upward, and then move away from the fire bombs with a deep sigh.
Modoc slapped the foot pedal down to the floor with a stern face. A short stream of orange colored lava spit fired from each crooked metal arm and landed in a series of fireballs on top of the single boat. The tiny fast boat exploded into an assortment of small and large pieces of flying and heated metal in the air and over the water. The flying bodies launched into the air and fell back down into the water without moving in death. He yelled with a grin, “Woo-hoo!”
“There are ten more fast boats, trying to drown the airship in the Delta waters, friend.” Vantrey steered the air ship with the two wagons toward the ocean waters with a worried brow, twisting the foot pedal. The left side array of crooked metal arms swiveled around and shot out a series of short orange colored lava spit balls, landing onto two different fast boats.  A set of hot liquid landed onto the engine. One of the fast boats launched up from the water and into the air, exploding over the water, creating a fireball of blue, yellow, pink, red, and green colors. The falling body parts burned and dropped down into the waters. A set of gators and sharks emerged from the water surface, racing to retrieve the roasted flesh and bones.
Vantrey didn’t shout with victory and continued to steer the overweight and slow moving airship toward the white sandy landscape.
A set of three fast boats sailed underneath the airship and fired a set of individual purple colored fire bombs at the underbelly of each wagon, hitting the side of one wagon.
The wagon didn’t tilt from the fire bomb but burned a large whole into the metal, without touching the food items.
Vantrey steered the wheel and slightly tilted the air ship to the left, heading toward the open ocean waters with a stern face. The River Rats would not pursue and travel toward the end of the Delta waters, where the dancing lightning bolts guarded the entrance of the sea river. Each bolt of energy was attracted down to the water and to each cobbled metal fast boat of the River Rats, causing death and destruction also.
Modoc twisted each foot pedal underneath each boot sole in the opposite direction and aimed a set of two twirling arrays in the opposite direction also, pressing down a set of two different hand pedals. Two different squirts of orange colored lave spit out and landed on top of the bodies of the River Rats and the engine of the two separate fast boats. The two boats exploded in an array of colorful plumes of white steam, black smoke, and red colored bodies. The metal parts of the boat and the body parts soared into the air and landed back down into the water with a set of splashes. The sea mammal turned and swam toward each piece for a new meal. He yelled with a grin, “Got them! Did you see that feat of firing?”
“There are more fast boats, Modoc!” Vantrey gritted the teeth and felt the airship sway side to side with the two heavy wagons underneath the array of unfriendly fire bombs and the swift air currents of the skyline.
Modoc turned each foot pedal underneath each boot sole in the same direction, targeting a set of two more fast boats, slamming both the hand pedals for the discharge of the weapon. The orange lava spit and fired at the two boats and the water. Each boat caught fire and sailed back to the ocean ship for rescue. He frowned. “Well, I did hit two more boat. They escaped with the dead bodies. There are a set of dead bodies…” The airship tilted to the left side. Modoc gasped and reached up, grabbing the hand-hold with a worried brow. “What?”
Vantrey held the steering wheel steady with a pair of sweaty hands and a set of gritted teeth. “Hold on! We’re caught up inside a rough wind storm over the water. I’m pulling us down toward the ground for safety.”


1st hour (early afternoon)


Isolated island
Blue ocean waters and white sands
Hot temperatures and bright sunlight


Shack setting of Orkey
Interior setting


The airship cabin and the two wagons flew over the lower levels of the greenish-black river water and sailed safely over the white sands of the landscape. Vantrey pressed the buttons. The airship slowed air space and then descended toward the white sands, safely landing on top of the flat and sparkling white sands. He reached over and pressed the lever, killing the engine with a smile and a sigh.
Modoc rotated both eyeballs and the neck muscles around the window with a sour frown, seeing the new landscape. “Where are we?”
Vantrey reached over and pressed the button with a grin and a laugh, “The edge of the world.”
Modoc sat inside the webbed chair with a huff of annoyance, turning with a sour frown to scan the bare landscape of white sand. “The world is rounded, not flattened. And I am not flattered. Where are we, Vantrey?”
The airship door crack opened with a soft ting. Vantrey slid out the pilot seat with a smile and stood in place, turning with a grin to see the new landscape of white sand, “A new adventure! Get out, Modoc. We’re going to see something new and different.” He slammed the door of the airship shut with a smile and moved ahead with a nod, feeling proud with deception of his brilliant plan.
The new landscape was a long island in the shape of smooth edged rectangle which was colored in pure white sand that was surrounded by light blue ocean waters. The island was separated from the mainland by the ocean water. The only access point into the island was by an airship.
Vantrey had sailed the airship from the red dirt of the Kingdom of the Land, over the Delta water, veering the heavy airship between the underground pits of Fire and over the murky edge of the greenish-black fresh water river toward the tiny island. 
A few of his friends within the Kingdom of the Sun had heard about the island. Of course, the Kingdom of the Sun didn’t possess a fleet of airships like the Kingdom of the Land. The Kingdom of the Land used an airship to transport a set of food wagons to all the villages within the other kingdoms for bartering and trade of goods and services.
Vantrey decided to hijack the airship and find the mysterious island without the permission of his friend Modoc. Modoc would not have been cooperative or happy as he was experiencing now, moving slowly behind the back spine of his friend Vantrey, feeling betrayed and angry.
Vantrey lifted and shaded both eyeballs from the bright sand and the bright sunlight with a smile, advancing toward a line of people.
Modoc halted in place with a sour frown. “There are people here. Is this some type of entertainment musical carnival here on top of this tiny island? Did it come from the Kingdom of the Wind?” He swung around with a worried brow to see the lonely airship with the two wagons of food, feeling nervous. “Is my airship safe?”
He continued to lead with a smile. “Yes, everyone is safe. Yes, everyone is fine. Yes, everything is safe. Let’s go and get into the line of people before…”
“Before, what?” Modoc swung around with a sour frown and dashed ahead, pulling up beside Vantrey with a sissy whine, “Before, what happens?” He looked up and shaded both naked eyeballs from the bright sun with a sour frown and back to see the single shack. “Is something going to attack us? Is something guarding the island? What is this place?”
He halted and stood at the end of the line of people with a grin and a chuckle, turning with a smile to see the sands, squatting down and then reached out to touch the merchandise. “This is an island. The island is inside the ocean waters.”
Modoc stood upright and looked down with a sour frown at the black hair of Vantrey. “How did you get passed the clouds of lightning bolts?”
He reached out and touched each item with a smile and a nod of happy adventure. “I flew low over the ground and toward the sands and underneath the clouds. This is on the opposite side of the Kingdom of the Sand. The lightning bolts are concentrated more around the high sand castle towers that stand inside the Kingdom of the Sand. It is very easy to fly the airship through the clouds without getting hit by a bolt of lightning on this side of the continent.”
Modoc exhaled. “So you did this for fun and for some sun.”
“I did this to see the island. My buddies told me and talked about this island. I wanted to come and see it.”
Modoc exhaled. “So you stole my airship with the two wagons full of food. We’re going to get into trouble. No, I’m going to get into trouble. I’m supposed to be delivering two wagons full of food to the Kingdom of the Fire and purchase a cart of metal components for the broken down old farm harvester. You didn’t live in the Kingdom of the Land. My father…”
“We’ll stay for a few minutes. Keep your tiara shiny! I wanna see the island and the sights. This is so entertaining. Look at all this weird merchandise.”
Modoc exhaled with a huff of sour breath and turned with a sour frown to see two rows of the palm fronds. “I see a long line of very long and oval shaped individual palm fronds. Each one holds a set of loose and scattered merchandise with a sign that looks to be handwritten in real red blood, such like, shark teeth, whale oil, gator claws, star fishies, seashells, sea horses, sponges. The line of merchandise is on both sides, leading up to an open archway inside a tiny shack.”
The island held one structure, if you could call it that. The tiny shack was made of two parts. The walls were chopped down thin palm tree bark. The rooftop was made of green color long and oval shaped palm fronds. There were vertical spaces between the chopped down palm tree trunk, where you could see more people inside a tiny room.
The front door of the shack was a piece of dull and torn red colored fabric like a long curtain. The curtain was closed with a line of people in front of the archway. Then, a large group of natives exited out from the back door on the tiny shack, moving around the side of the shack and strolled toward the edge of the sand without looking back at the shack.
Modoc turned with a worried brow and watched a group of people of multiple family units, following the back spine of each person with a confused brow. The group of natives stopped and stood at the edge of the white sand huddling and whispering to each other. They appeared to come from the Kingdom of the Wind, wearing a set of loose pastel colored garments around the body with a set of scarves around the neck and the shoulders.
Modoc swung around with a confused brow to see the back spines of the people, who stood near the edge of the island along the water, and then laughed. “Why are those people standing at the edge of the sands and near the water? Will a sea monster come up and grab them for fun, too?” He back stepped with a gasp of fear, stumbling over the feet of Vantrey, staring with a worried brow at the object. “Look at that, Vantrey!”
An ugly bright and shiny purple and indigo colored dragon raced over the river water and moved directly toward the people on the shoreline. The people didn’t move, but stood there in whispers.
Vantrey fell forward and smashed down into the palm frond of merchandise, extending a palm, catching a body with a sneer, standing upright and turned with a growl then a hardy laugh. 
Modoc back stepped with a worried brow and pointed at the dragon in fright. “Look at that. Look at that! It’s…it’s a dragon…”
“It is the head design of the barge. You need to get out of the fields more often, first prince.” Vantrey shoved Modoc from the line of merchandise and forward into the sands before he destroyed all the items. Vantrey released the arm of Modoc with a laugh and a grin, staring at the barge. The single barge turned to the side and docked near the sand of the tiny island. The people slowly moved up the ramp and stood in place within family huddles on top of the flat surface. He laughed. “Each barge is decorated like a fancy ornament. The Kingdom of the Wind can do that. That particular river barge is painted up like a big and ugly purple and red non-real breathing fire dragon. It has a pair of wings which are extended now, but they do flap up and down, when the motor is powered. You can see the steam coming out the big and ugly nose holes.” He spun around and squatted, reaching out to touch each object with a smile. “Yeah, it is intimidating and looks quite real.”
In front of the tiny shack, the torn and dull purple colored curtain parted open. The line of people advanced inside the tiny room with a set of whispers and stern faces.
Vantrey continued to squat and lifted each item with a smile into the air. “Your humor is sick. The line of people is moving forward very fast.” He stood with a smile. “Stay close, and follow behind me, now!”
Modoc continued to stare with a confused brow at the group of people on the sands and the new item on the black greenish colored river with a gasp. “O. That’s one of the numerous river barges with the river people. The river barge, it belongs to the Kingdom of the Lakes. Why does it have that silly design on the front of the boat? It’s scary. Why is it scary, Vantrey?”
Vantrey reached back and grabbed the arm of Modoc with a smile, moving them ahead, ducking down a head and a collar bone underneath the short archway without getting smashed. He entered through the parted curtain and stopped, squatting down on both kneecaps into the sand with Modoc and the other people inside a single room inside the shack.
The shack was constructed of two separate rooms, a large room, and a smaller room. The door of the shack stood on the side of the wall. The entrance wall was composed of an assortment of misshaped and chopped down palm tree trunks door that formed an ugly wall with an array of vertical open spaces between each tree trunk. On the opposite of the entrance wall, there was an exit door that was not covered by a curtain, clearly showing more white sands and the edge of the light blue ocean water. 
Inside the largest room, each adult person knelt in the sand.  Vantrey stood beside Modoc. Modoc stood beside a middle aged man and his wife in the sand. The front wall ahead of Modoc was decorated in an array of tree trunk vertical shelves and held additional weird merchandise, such like, large and small bones of schools of dead fish, a set of octopi legs, slimy eels, and other creatures of the deep blue ocean waters.
In the middle of the forward wall, there was a smaller archway that was draped with a dull and torn purple colored old curtain, also.
Modoc leaned over with a sour breath and a sour frown. “This is really weird.”
Vantrey turned with a smile and scan the single room with a nod. “This is really fascinating.”
“You came. You saw. You are done.”
“No, there is a show or something to come next. This is why all the natives were waiting outside in the hot air and the heated sun. A few more minutes, if nothing happens, then we’ll leave.”
Modoc exhaled and stared at the curtain. “Okay.”
The curtain parted and revealed a short male inside the archway. The short thin male possessed a set of bowed skinny legs, a head of blonde colored long hair that was tied in a ponytail down the back spine, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of grey colored eyeballs, standing in a tan colored loincloth with a naked thin chest and a smile. “I am Orkey, the oracle. I am great. You are not. I am here. You are here. I will tell you about your most desiring and dangerous dream. So don’t talk and listen to me.”
Modoc scowled with a grin, rolling both eyeballs, staring at the short male.
Orkey moved ahead and veered toward the first couple, a man, a woman, and an infant. The woman held and rocked the newborn baby with a worried brow in silence. He frowned. “She is sick. Her fever is high. I can stop it,” he back stepped and spun around, reaching inside the stationary storage shelf, pulling out a shark tooth. He spun around and moved back to the young couple, extending the object to the father with a smile. “Grind this and give the child one of her tiny pinky fingernail measurements of the white powder inside any type of liquid, once per day for three days. Then she will be fine and dandy. You can leave and take some of the stuff outside my shack. It is all free.” The couple stood and exited the shack.  He moved to the next couple, a man, and a woman with a toddler. “She is clogged up. I can fix that.” He back stepped and swung around, rambling around inside the palm fronds, pulling out a dead fish. The odor stunk up the room.
Modoc reached up and covered the nose holes with both hands with a cough.
Orkey spun around and dashed to the couple, extending the dead fish with a smile. “Place this underneath the kid’s nose for three days. Then she will be okay.” The father reached out and accepted the stinky fish. But the child reached out and grabbed the fish first, bringing it into the nose holes, sniffing with a sour frown. The child dropped the fish on the sand. The father reached down and grabbed the fish, standing upright, extending the fish toward the wall.
The child turned and ran toward the exit doorway, stopping, and stood in place, leaning over and vomited over the sands.
Orkey laughed. “See? I’m the great oracle.” He turned and moved to the next man at the front of the line of kneeling people. “You hate your mother-in-law. She is sick with aliment inside one of the bedrooms within your home.” He back stepped and spun around with a laugh, moving ahead to the shelf, fiddling with different items and jerked out a live eel. The eel wiggled side to side in the air. Orkey swung around and tossed the eel at the man. The man lifted and extended an open sack, catching the eel with a laugh. Orkey moved ahead with a smile to the man. “Place that eel underneath her mattress. On the morning of the next day, your mother-in-law troubles will be gone. She will have a heart attack and die, floating into the after-light.” The man nodded with a grin and turned to exit the shack.
Orkey slid over to the next couple, a middle aged man and woman. He stood with a smile and stared at the man. “You are trying to have a baby. She cannot get pregnant.” He reached down and jerked the handbag from the wife, lifting it into the air with a grin and turned the handbag upside down. The contents of the handbag spilled out and dropped down, falling over the white sand. He looked down with a sour frown to see an arm and matching face patch of pinkish-red colored hue, looking up with a smile and a wink to see the husband. “Congratulations! She is pregnant. But it is not your baby inside her womb. The pinkish-red colored arm and matching face patch belong to her lover. Thanks for coming by to see me, folks!” He back stepped with a chuckle to see the couple.
The wife started crying with tears and sobs. The husband squatted down and gathered all the dropped contents and placed back inside the handbag, standing with a growl, turning away from Orkey, and shoved his wife toward the open door with the torn curtain with an angry face. The husband would find her male lover, bringing his sorry wedded wife with him. Then, the husband would be a single and available bachelor, very soon. The couple exited the shack.
Orkey stood in place and turned with a smile to see each face. “Do I have any more sickly or more dyingly or more deadly or more dead people inside the room?”
Modoc leaned over with a grin and a whisper into the nose profile of Vantrey. “Dead people?”
“Shush, Modoc!” Vantrey stared at the oracle with a stern face.
Orkey clapped with a smile. “All right! It is time for me to almost leave. So then, I’ll finish up the line of stationary people telling you about your greatest desire or nasty dream or baddest thing for the upcoming years. Now, do not talk or respond. This is going to be very quick and very swift. So listen closer. The low tide is in. I need to go and find some food and then feed my face for the day. After I give you the wise words, then please leave and come back tomorrow, if you are unhappy or whatever.” He turned and veered to Modoc, the next kneeling person in line, standing in place and jabbed a finger with a smile into the nose bridge of Modoc. “The Pamburg Kingdom will fall.” He side stepped and stood in front of Vantrey with a smile. “You will live and be happy. Your girl will live and be happy, too.” He side stepped with a smile and stood in front of the person with a nod. “You will…”
Modoc gasped at the new information from the oracle in silence, staring down with a smile at the sand inside the tiny shack. He could not believe what his eardrums had heard. The Pamburg Kingdom would fall. This new information created a set of opportunities for a new gang of teenagers with the Confederation that would have never existed before. 
Vantrey leaned over and bumped into the shoulder of Modoc with a smile. “He gave me my wise words. Let’s go! We need to leave and go and visit my girl, now.” He stood with a chuckle and assisted Modoc to stand, turning and shoving the back spine of Modoc toward the back door. They exited the tiny shack and slowly moved through the sands toward the parked airship.


White sands landscape setting


Vantrey leaned over with a smile and a chuckle. “He told me that I would live to be happy. He didn’t even hear my vocal question. Orkey is okay with me. What did he tell you, Modoc?”
He strolled with Vantrey with a gasp and a sour frown. “We veered toward this island in the middle of the ocean waters for a fortune teller to fortune your tail…”
“Tell me my future fortune! Yeah!” Vantrey nodded with a smile and stopped with Modoc, standing in front of the nose cone of the parked airship, turning with a smile to see Modoc. “My buddies told me about the oracle on this island. The oracle did stuff like save lives and cure diseases and such. Well, I didn’t believe the tale. So, I wanted to test the oracle for myself…”
He turned with a sour frown to see Vantrey. “What did you ask or not ask or not say inside the mind of oracle? Is that how that worked?”
Vantrey nodded with a smile. “I guess so. I asked into his mind about my future.”
He frowned. “Why are you worried about your future?”
Vantrey turned with a stern face and looked ahead to see the trees, the mountains, and the sky. “No one knows what the future holds, Modoc. I worry about my life and my girl. I wanted to know if I needed to worry or not. I worry about some of the other kingdoms within the Confederation.”
He leaned over and bumped with a smile into the shoulder of Vantrey. “I wouldn’t worry, now.”
Vantrey turned with a confused brow to see Modoc. “Why? Why would you, not worry, now? What did the oracle tell you, Modoc?”
He gasped with a nod and a fake smile, without revealing the true words from the oracle. He wanted to keep his secret, secret. “He told me, not to worry, too. Yeah, like you, I am not to worry and be happy. My life will be happy.”
Vantrey turned with a smile and moved back toward the pilot side of the airship. “Excellent! We will live to seek our fortunes, seize the day, and secure our life before and after we marry our princesses. Let’s go and drop off the food wagons. I wanna see my girl before our class starts.” He opened the door and entered the pilot seat.
Modoc exhaled with a huff of secrets and slowly moved ahead toward the closed door of the airship with a grin and a new secret. He was excited and shocked about the new information, coming from the old skin and bones oracle that lived on an isolated island.
No person knew anything about the Pamburg kingdom. But every person wondered and speculated about the Pamburg Kingdom.
The roaring gossip around the teen social room told of a large army of trained warriors, miles of fertile land for food that fed the vast army of solider, elaborate homes of three stories for each warrior, and a sparkling lake where the ancients god had bathed and suntanned.
Modoc was the first royal of the Kingdom of the Land. He could choose his bride first even with the outcome results of the teenage royal silly public presentation. The Kingdom of the Land and the Kingdom of the Sand always married and then produced an heir or two. His heart and his mind had already chosen first royal Princess Pelf for his wife.
Since Pelf was the first royal of the Kingdom of the Sand, where the central leadership lived and played, Modoc would move and thrive there, becoming the new imperator.
His brother, second royal Prince Jarl would take over the lands of the crop fields with talent and skull. He would select, as usual, second royal princess from the Kingdom of the Sand for a future wife. Since, the Kingdom of the Sand always married the Kingdom of the Land, except eighteen years ago.
Modoc stopped and stood in front of the door of the airship, reaching out, touching the handle with a grin. The door opened. He slid inside and webbed into the seat, thinking more about the fall of the Pamburg Kingdom that the oracle had predicted.


Airship flight of Vantrey and Modoc
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine and white clouds


Vantrey reached out and pressed the levers with a smile, without slapping back on the green colored forehead face patch. He wanted to ponder the new information from the oracle during the short flight.
The airship slowly lifted from the sand and created a set of twirling winds of white grains, floating up into the clear blue sky, moving backward from the tiny shack, the island, the new huddle of people, and the next barge.
A next barge sailed through the black greenish river water and docked along the tiny island. The face of the barge was designed like a tiger. The yellow and black stripped tiger stood on its back hinds and extended upward its head, the front paws, and underbelly of the body. The posed front two paws into the air were built with a set of five white colored sharp claws. The people calmed moved and stood on top of the flat surface. Some of the people pointed and whispered about the head design of the barge.
The airship slowly turned and flew over the treetops of the river. The river was overlaid with thousands of tree where the branches met in the middle which blocked out the bright and hot sunshine. The sea mammals enjoyed the semi-cool and semi-dull sunlight, not the natives.
Vantrey pressed the lever and steered the airship over the course of the flat river while thinking with a grin and his secret. He had heard the rumors of the Pamburg Kingdom, making worries inside an active mind.
The mysterious and mighty Pamburg Kingdom housed a great army with a set of well-trained soldiers, a fleet of flying airships, and a mass of slaves that waited hand and foot on the royals of Pamburg. The entire lands were cut off by a set of crystal gates and a continuous crystal fence on the eastern side of the kingdom. Around the rest of the kingdom lands, there was a range of tall woodland mountains. No other king or warrior had ever tried to invade and conquer the Pamburg Kingdom. However, the Pamburg Kingdom had been invited to join the Confederation and responded with a negative answer.
The Confederation was composed of numerous kingdoms that had lived in peace and prosperity for centuries, living and working together through the Royal Academy, mostly.
The Royal Academy was a royal academic institution or the largest sand castle structure within the Kingdom of the Sand, where each royal met and mused with the other male and female royals. During the last year of academic schooling, after turning eighteen years old, each royal married one of the other royals, maintaining peace within the Confederation. The novice concept had lasted for centuries.
However, the Confederation lands were limited. The confederation citizens were multiplying and expanding. The Confederation had not seen a war for eons which could have acquired a set of new natives and an assortment of new landmass. To the south, the Great Ocean stretched out for miles and miles beyond a pair of naked eyeballs toward the next continent.
To the west and beyond the fresh water river, the Great Mountains soared up and down over the land for miles and miles into a new continent. To the east, there stood the Freelands, a set of independent landmass with a set of mysterious natives. Over the years, the Confederation traded goods and services with the Freelands, but never conquered the natives for some unexplained reason. 
To the north, the Pamburg Kingdom stood alone beside the sparkling light blue colored Delta waters. The Delta water was a long and wide salt river that divided the numerous kingdoms of the Confederation in half. The northern end of the Delta water stretched for miles and miles over flat and fertile landscape, and then eventually into the next shoreline of a new continent. 
Thus, the Confederation was lodged and locked between the two Great Oceans, the two Great Mountain ranges, and the great Pamburg Kingdom.
The younger royals mumbled about a rumble with the Pamburg royals for fun and curiosity in secret social huddles. However, the dreams of conquer were short-lived by a set of wise royal parents.
However, Vantrey was worried. Glay, his biological mother was the leader and the princeletess of the Kingdom of the Sun. The land was dry and harsh and heated from the bright sun, without any rainfall. Each year, more babies died within the hot heat. Each year, more teens perished from the Time of the Maturity ritual. Each year, more guards moved and lived within the other kingdoms, abandoning their home land and their dreams.
His mother, Princeletess Glay was a wise woman and a strong leader. She had allowed her native subject to be housed, fed, and placed into every kingdom. Now, her royal subjects of guards numbered one to five for each native within the other kingdoms. Yes, she was a smart royal. She had been plotting and planning to overthrow the current leadership of Imperator Kung, since she was fourteen years old, living inside the sand castle during her academic studies at Royal Academy. She lived and enjoyed the lush and lavish cool sand castles, rich food, and numerous servants.
Kung was a pompous low royal prince, without a set of silver components. He ruled nothing but the tan and beige colored sands, the continuous bolts of lightning streaks, and a kingdom of non-thinking servants that waited on each young royal and every adult royal during a royal visit. His life was luxurious and plentiful. He received a daily food wagon, a monthly set of fresh guard units, and a weekly entertainment shows, all for free.
The rest of the kingdom royals were the puppets of Kung that fed, performed, and entertained his merriment and contentment. However, the other royals were not merry, happy, or content about the current situation, either. The other kingdoms produced and expensed for free all their products and maintained a large families including the children, that had to work the lands for more merchandise, which were given away for free under the old barter exchange system. 
The first royal Prince Vantrey of the Kingdom of the Sun had been informed about the evil plot that came from his royal partners, before he had entered the Royal Academy at the age of fourteen years old. He was assigned a set of princely duties also during the four year stay inside his assigned sand castle within the Kingdom of the Sand, without sharing his secret with his best friend Modoc. Vantrey didn’t know if any of the other kingdoms had received the same set of shared information with another set of royal parents and royal children. His parents didn’t mention a list of names or a list of kingdoms. Thus, Vantrey constantly worried about his well-being and his girl Princess Pio.
However, the oracle had alleviated a set of bad breath into the worried brow of Vantrey.
Vantrey slowly flew the airship over the river in peaceful mind with a smile and admired the beautiful landscape in greens, browns, and tans, looking forward with a kiss from his girl, steering toward the Kingdom of the Fire.
Inside the passenger seat and webbed, Modoc turned and stared down at the river with a smile with his new secret. The Pamburg Kingdom was going to fall. This information tickled his funny bone and his mind. He was so excited that he wanted to share with someone, but he dared not out of fear and safety.
Modoc was going to marry Pelf, the first royal princess of the Sand. His future life as the new imperator would be a life of luxury and riches, not adventure and conquests. He dreamed of adventure, such like, a visit or more inside the mysterious and might Pamburg Kingdom. As the new imperator of the Confederation, one of his first duties would be to meet and greet the king of the Pamburg dynasty. Modoc would invite the king to join the Confederation.
Over the centuries, the Pamburg Kingdom had refused. It was an obvious choice. The lands of the kingdom were fertile and rich to support the expanding villages and the natives.
Modoc desired the same opportunities for the Confederation that he would rule, staring next week. However, these same desires and dreams came with blood and weapons which had been discussed by the group of young royals. Modoc didn’t participate in the secret meetings and neither did Pelf. But each young royal knew a grand expansion was needed and necessary, right now.
Now, the new information, the Pamburg Kingdom was going down, it was great news.
Modoc could meet with the new king and spy on the natives and the defense systems. He might even be the royal that brings the kingdom bowing down on both kneecaps to his reign and his rule.
Yes, Modoc was destined to rule the entire continent.


2nd hour (early afternoon)


Kingdom of the Fire
Baron Vetepurr and his daughter first royal Princess Pio


Royal underground metal pit location
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and partly clouds
Ground level brown colored soil setting


Vantrey slowed the airship and gently landed it on top of the hard brown soil with a soft thud, reaching out, flipping off the engines. He reached out and cracked open the door with a smile, sliding out and stood upright, admiring his girl.
She slowly moved upward from the depth of the first metal pit and stood upright, wearing a long dark blue cloak. The cloak was open, not clasped, revealing a tall and slender body of a female girl. Her body glowed in white tinted skin that was marked with a series of tiny to large rusty colored ugly scars which had healed over time. The dark blue cloak coated her collar bone and her back spine with a set of half sleeves. Protruding down out from the sleeves, a pair of arms from the elbows displayed only a tint of dull silver human skin. Her bone skull was covered in long light brown hair that exhibited multiple parts throughout the scalp which had healed over time also.
Her long hair was tied into a long braid. Her arms lifted and extended out to him for love. Her smile won his heart.
Vantrey dashed ahead with excitement and love toward his girl Princess Pio, gently slamming into her body with a chuckle, wrapping both biceps around her slender figure and lifted her into the air with a smile and around in several completed circles for fun. She giggled with a grin. He stopped with her in the air and gently lowered Pio down onto the brown soil with a smile. “I brought two wagons of food in exchange for a cart.”
Modoc sat inside the cabin of the airship and stared with a smile at the young royal couple with jealousy. He wanted to display the same public shameful exhibition with Pelf, who was not his girl yet. And he understood the reason.
Pio pulled back from the hug with a laugh and a grin. “Modoc has delivered two food wagons from the Land and needs two carts of metal components. I assumed that he is allowing us some private time before invading our time with business.”
“You’re so smart.” Vantrey leaned down to kiss each one of her burnt marred rusty colored scars. A tiny zigzag scar was displayed over the right eyebrow. A large curvy scar marked her right cheekbone. A medium sized scar cut into her chin, creating an unnatural but beautiful cliff chin. And finally, his lips moved down and kissed her non-scarred lips and held.
Modoc cracked open the door and slide out, standing upright on top of the brown dirt staring at the back spine of Vantrey with a smile and a chuckle. Vantrey, as usual, had explained the barter exchange incorrectly. So it was time for Modoc to ensure that the correct number of carts of metal parts to repair the old broken down farm harvester. He slowly moved ahead, giving the two young royal some extra love time and stopped behind the back spine of Vantrey.
Vantrey released her soft lips and pulled back with a sigh. “Our business is done for the day. My time is short here with you. But we have our shared academic class later this afternoon.”
The father of Pio, Baron Vetepurr moved up from the pit and stood next his daughter with a smile and a nod to Vantrey and Modoc. “What is the business for the day, young royals?”
Modoc cleared a throat and advanced with a nod of respect to the adult royal. “Two food wagons in exchange for two carts of metals, the old farm equipment burnt out some older metals.” He stopped and stood slightly behind Vantrey, not intruding the love fest in front of her parent.
Vetepurr stood a little taller than his daughter with a tone of glowing white tinted skin from living years underneath the metal pits. Sunlight did not penetrate the landmass. He wore a dark blue cloak like his daughter without a shirt that protected some of the skin from the flaring sparks of the hot metal. The underground pits were very steamy and very heated. A body couldn’t dress in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death.
Thus, each male metalist wore a naked chest which allowed the heat to sweat off a heated face and body. A pair of loose trousers caught the set of flying metal sparks and burnt the loose fabric, not the tender flesh of the male. A pair of short heavy walking boots protected the feet that allowed the metalist to continue to work or not to eat. Each male wore a set of long hair on the sides of the face and down the back spine. If a piece of flying metal hit the hair strand, then burned off the group of hair strands, not the delicate face tissue. Thus, the hairy skull was marred in a series of pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the comb contained a blade. 
Each female wore a single band around the breasts for decency mostly. Some of the older female metalist went naked on the chest like the young males, since the chest and the breasts were deeply scarred beyond eyeball recognition, thus the long life of a metalist.
If the metalist lived that long inside the underground pit without dying from metal poisoning or metal scar burns or metal shrapnel penetration.
Each female wore a set of loose trousers to catch the flying metal debris and save the legs which hang over pair of heavy walking boots for the care of the foot. Each female wore a set of long hair over the face and down the back spine which was additional protection for the human body from the tiny sparks of flying heated metals. However, each bone skull was burn-marred like each male with a series of vertical and horizontal pink tinted burnt skin that naturally parted the hair which covered the entire scalp.
If a metalist lost one foot or both feet due to the metal burns, the metalist was killed on sight. The metalist was put down to rest inside the after-light. The underground pits required working on a good pair of legs with a good set of feet. A limp metalist could not tote and carry a tube of heavy metal components or assist with a single vat of heavy metal liquid.
Baron Vetepurr was the owner of the all the underground pits as a royal. However, his knowledge and skills required his full attention with safety details for continuance of the metal component production which provided an assortment of metal parts for every mechanic item within the Confederation. He exposed a naked chest that was covered in a series of small to very large rusty colored scars from years of working inside the pits. “Yes, your father communicated to me by face patch the needed parts. Excellent exchange! My tummy growls hunger and mouth drool drops down over my chin, thinking about the fresh strawberries.” He reached down and slapped the naked chest with a laugh and a grin to Modoc.
“Dad…” Pio smiled at Vantrey.
Modoc nodded with a smile. “Yes sir! They have been freshly picked and home grown, today.”
“Can you fly the airship from here and over there toward the river without taking down all the healthy trees? The kingdom of the Fire only grows fire, not trees, Modoc.” Vetepurr laughed at the innocent but true statement. Modoc was a very bad airship pilot while causing major damage to each operational airship that the Kingdom of the Land both owned and operated. The Kingdom of Fire received six wagons of food on a weekly basis in exchange for metal components.
“Dad?” Pio smiled at Vantrey.
“Uh, Vantrey?” Modoc turned and frowned at the naked back spine of his friend Vantrey.
Vetepurr laughed with a nod to Modoc. “Let the two young royals be. Would you like me to help you guide the airship toward the new rendezvous pit? The pit is located near the base of the river where the dirt is much cooler, coming from the wet soil, keeping all the metal components cold and intact.”
“No sir. I can do it. But you can fly as my passenger inside the airship, if you wish, Baron Vetepurr.” Modoc spun around with a worried brow and a worried mind. He was not a great airship pilot like Vantrey. That was why he allowed Vantrey to roam the farm lands for company to assist Modoc when there was an emergency food shipment to delivery into another kingdom.
Vantrey enjoyed flying and battling the River Rats. He was very good as a pretend warrior in a pretend silly battle.
Modoc dashed ahead to figure out how to turn the engines on with a stern face and entered the pilot seat inside the airship, pressing each buttons with asset of busy hands. The lights of the airship blinked off then on then off and then on.
“I will go and assist the young royal with the flight.” Vetepurr chuckled at the young royal and leaned over with a smile into the eardrum of his daughter. “You know your duty, princess.”
“Yes sir!” Pio laughed with a smile. Vetepurr dashed ahead with a sigh and shook his curls of light brown with a chuckle, sliding into the passenger side. Pio reached up and pulled Vantrey with a wink down toward the step, hearing the soft classical music inside the warm home. “We are alone.”
He gasped with a confused brow. “I must leave in a few minutes.”
“Modoc is stupid.” She giggled.
“Modoc is my friend.” He frowned.
She pouted. “Modoc is a stupid friend that can’t fly and can’t figure out a steering part from a tail part.”
He frowned. “Modoc is my friend.”
“Modoc is with my father for a long time.”
“He will return.”
She smiled. “Modoc will return in a long time. So we can be together for a short, short time.”
He frowned. “Here?”
“Yes, here!” she pulled him down toward each step with a grin and a giggle of love and lust
He turned with a worried brow and stared down into the interior pit, an oval room of enclosed red rock. “Where are the workers? They are here.”
She continued down the staircase with a smile that led down into her royal home, an underground pit of hard rock that was heated to produce metals. “They are inside a series of different pits here and there and everywhere. They will not see us.”
“I am not worrying about being seen. I am worrying about…”
“Us?” She pouted. “Do you worry that we are not meant to be together and rule the Kingdom of the Fire as one being.” She landed down on the smooth floor and continued to move backward toward the familiar and dark hallway of red stone.
He smiled with a wink. “We are meant to be together. The Fire and the Sun have always merged, perfectly.”
She continued to move backward with a smile and passed numerous openings that were shaped in arches, squares, ovals, and rectangles pattern. It was the central hallway of the royal house that her, her sister princesses, and her royal father shared as royal family unit within the Confederation.
Her mother had died after giving birth inside one of the pits from metal poisoning when she was an infant. Her father Baron Vetepurr had raised all his daughters alone, but not lonely. She smiled at Vantrey. “Well, we will merge today, perfectly.”
“Right now?”
“Yes, we have a short, short time.”
“I like it when we merge for a long, long time.”
“I do, too.”
“We can merge, tonight.”
“We are here and they are not here.” She turned backward with a giggle and moved back through an oval shaped archway with a grin. The private bedroom was made of copper mineral, glowing in a set of pink tints as the copper illuminated the room. The door closed based on her heat signature, locking them inside her private bedroom for the intimacy moment.
She moved backward with a giggle and a grin, climbing up, standing on top of the messy bed with a smile. She released his hands and jerked off her cloak, tossing the cloak onto the floor. “Get naked. We can fuck on top of my bed before they return.”
He looked down at the messy bedcovers and his dirty boots with a sour frown. “I usually like to lie down and warm your body on top of a clean bed sheet.”
She lifted a leg into the air and removed the boot, pitching it onto the floor, duplicating with the other boot with a smile. “We don’t have time.”
He frowned. “Sweetheart, we can do our merging tonight…”
She unzipped and dropped down the trousers with a smile, lifting each leg into the air and out from the trousers, kicking it down to the floor with a giggle. “We do a quickie.”
He turned and stared down at the trousers. “We can do a longie, tonight.”
She reached down with a smile and unzipped his trousers with a giggle. “I am naked and I am ready. Do me!”
He turned and frowned into her smile. “I usually like to get kissed and then licked…”
She leaned over and kissed his chest, pulling back with a giggle, slipping down his trousers and exposed his nakedness. “You are kissed. I am naked. You are naked. Fuck me!”
He looked down with a confused brow at his wiggling penis, feeling the warm air inside her bedroom, coming from the numerous heated pits. Her cold touch from her pair silver tinted metallic hands always activated his sexual drive immediately, readying for a sex act. But he wanted the sex act to last for hours, not seconds. “I wanna a cold drink and a new song…”
She leaped into the air and grabbed his fit waist with both her long legs with a giggle. “Fuck me!”
He reached down and wrapped both arms around her waist, steadying her in the air, cuddling her near his chest with a sour frown. “On top of the bed?”
She arched a spine backward and reached down, grabbing at his penis, shoving it into her wet vagina with a giggle and a grin. “This is a new pose.”
He continued to look down at her legs, her vagina, and his inserted penis with a sour frown. “On top of the bed?”
She thrust in and out with a set of back muscles as his penis penetrated her vagina. She giggled with a grin, feeling the warm thrust, seeing the funny look on his face. “This is a new sensation.”
He continued to stare down at her vagina and his inserted penis with a sour frown, “On top of the bed?” Vantrey felt the slow pressure building up inside the penis as his little sperm boys marched forward toward the head of his penis. His dick was feeling the pleasure of sex, not his perturbed mind. He felt funny standing on top of the bed, almost naked with a pair of boots over the feet, wearing a sour frown.
She quickly moved forth and back, without jerking out the penis with a moan and a grin. “I like to feel new sensations with you. Can’t you feel the new angle of our love fuck?”
He looked down with a sour frown at the fucking action of her legs and his penis. “On top of the bed is really weird, Pio. But I am getting aroused.”
For a few seconds, she tilted a head backward with a set of soft moans, enjoying the thrust motion, holding onto his waist.
Vantrey leaned backward at the spine, tossing a chin backward, enjoying the finally moment. Then he burst an array of the hot sperm into her vagina with a loud groan.
Pio stopped the thrust movement and panted for breath, hanging into his waist with a long moan and an evil grin, controlling her breathing. She giggled with a grin and jumped off his wrinkled dick, slipping down over the messy bed sheets and turned, jumping down over the floor for her clothing.
He reached down and wiped the thick sperm off a wet dick onto her bed sheet with a sour frown. “Did you really reach an orgasm? I thought it took you much longer than three sec…”
“Yeah,” she leaned down and grabbed the cloak, standing upright, slipping it over a naked body with a set of gritted teeth. She swallowed the bitter bile of the humiliation that she had endured to become a princess. “I performed a full orgasm. Now, get dressed! They’re coming back. I can hear the words of my father through the devil horn patch.” The face patch in the shade of horn on the left side of her forehead twinkled in the color of aquamarine.
He stood upright and zipped up the trousers with a gasp. “Did he hear us during sex?”
She leaned over and grabbed the messy bed sheet, wiping off the sperm from her naked body with a stern face. “No, this is a one-way communication face patch to give orders to each worker and each daughter.”
He frowned. “Okay, okay, don’t get huffy.” He yawned and covered a face with both hands. “I get tired, after sex in the middle of the day. I’ll be worthless inside our academic classes.”
She dropped the bed sheet with a sour frown, noting to clean all the dirty bed linens before leaving the classes at the Royal Academy inside the Kingdom of the Sand. “The classes are all fake and phony, which are set up for an elegant display by the elite royals inside our graduating class.”
He smiled. “I’m a royal. You’re a royal. There is not a difference in a royal.” Vantrey slowly spun around and looked down to check the zipped zipper and the semi-clean trousers, without revealing a short sex act within the eyeballs of Modoc. A guy always knew when another guy had sex. He followed behind the back spine of Pio and moved back toward the outdoors.
Pio moved ahead and closed the dark blue clock around her nakedness with a sour frown. “Let’s go! I can hear the echoes of a running engine of an airship. That would be Modoc. We are not scheduled to deliver any carts this afternoon. They’re coming closer.” She turned into the corridor, dashed out her bedroom, moving down the familiar hallway, and climbed up the staircase, standing upright in the brown soil, staring up at the moving airship.
Outside in the bright sun and inside the airship, flying over the tree tops, sorta. Modoc pressed the levers and swiftly dropped the airship with a single cart of metal down from the sky and landed onto a clear spot over the brown soil with a loud thud, creating a puff of brown tornados. “Sorry…”
Vetepurr gritted the teeth and held off a heart attack, coming from the wild-ass flying of the dangerous pilot. “Okay. All right. I’m fine.” He opened the door and coughed, exhaling all the sour tasting held breathes, standing upright and swiftly moved away from the airship with a fake smile and a whisper for his eardrums only. “That boy is worse than our unknown enemy. I hope if war breaks out, Modoc fights for the other side.” He dashed to his daughter with a smile and a nod, stopping in front of the young couple. “How are you feeling, daughter?”
Pio turned and faked a smile to her father. “I am fine. Everything is fine, Father.”
He laughed with a nod, “Excellent to hear! Get moving, Vantrey! Modoc has warmed up his flying skills for both of you and the airship to drift over the Delta and fly you back to the Kingdom of the Land.” Vetepurr reached over and slapped the collar bone of Vantrey with a smile and a nod, moving back down into the heated pit to finish the work before heading to the bath house within the Kingdom of the Sand.
Vantrey stood beside Pio and yawned from exhaustion, coming from the bright light of the sun and warm air of the heated pits. And a sex act always made him sleepy. He would enjoy a short catnap inside the airship during the short air flight. He softly said. “Yes sir! Bye, Pio! See you in class.” He moved toward the passenger side of the airship with another sleepy yawn and a set of tired eyeballs, reaching up and wiped the eyelids.


Airship flight of Modoc and Vantrey
Hot temperatures and bright sunshine with white clouds


Modoc tapped on the steering wheel with a smile and a hum, picking up the two carts of metal components, without killing him, Vetepurr, and airship. He watched his friend Vantrey.
Vantrey yawned and slowly moved ahead to the wrong side of the airship, sliding inside the wrong door, sitting inside the wrong chair. He closed the door.
Modoc turned with a smile to see the nose profile of his friend Vantrey. “I got the carts. They’re attached to the back of the airship like before. Did you see that? Then I landed on top of the ground. Did you see that? Do you wanna fly the airship back home, now, Vantrey?”
Vantrey webbed into the seat for the rocky flight back with the lousy pilot and a yawn, “Naw.”
Modoc gasped. “You can fly the airship back home.”
He leaned back and wiggled inside the worn seat with a yawn. “You fly.”
“You can fly.”
He frowned with a yawn. “You fly the ship.”
Modoc gasped with a worried brow and turned to see the front windshield. Pio was standing in front of the open pit alone with a stern face and stared at Modoc. He frowned with a nod and pressed the buttons, “Okay. All right. I’m flying us back home. What’s up your colored girly panties?”
Vantrey continued to lean back into the worn head rest inside the body webbing with a growl and reached up, grabbing the emergency hand-hold over the door for the upcoming jolt of the ship by the lousy teen pilot, “Nothing! Nothing is up my boots or my legs or my dick. Fly the ship back home, now!” He yawned and covered a face with one hand, feeling sleepy and tired.
Modoc turned with a sour frown to see a resting Vantrey with intrigue. “You looked tired. Are you tired? What made you tired?”
“I ate.”
Modoc frowned. “O more food? You seem to eat all the time. We just eat lunch over an hour ago. You’re going to get fat like Ovilla’s father.”
“Fly the ship back home, now, Modoc!”
“Okay. All right,” Modoc turned to stern face to see the console and pressed the levers. The airship swiftly jumped up from the soil and created a wind storm of dirt twirls. Pio swung around with a cough and a growl to face the interior of the pit floor, coming from the blizzard of hot dirt.
The body of Vantrey jerked forward and fell backward into the soft leather seat and as, he moaned from the impact. The airship soared up into the emptiness of the air waves, sailing into the clouds. Modoc gasped with shock and pressed more buttons. The airship halted with a jolt. Vantrey moaned from the rough ride.
On the ground, Pio swung around and looked up with a chuckle to see the sun and the stalled airship.
Inside the airship, Modoc frowned and reached out, pressing the buttons. The airship sailed backward through the air, moving across the skyline at maximum speed. The rear tail of the cart soared over the smooth light blue Delta waters.
The fast boats of the River Rats raced down the water to catch the airship that toted single cart of metal parts for a nice booty, after missing the two food wagons earlier in the day. The airship zigzagged side to side at swift speed. The River Rats zigzagged over the blue colored water and tumbled side to side without standing upright from the crazy driving of the pilot.
Inside the airship, Modoc reached over and pressed more buttons with a worried brow. “I can’t control the ship.”
Vantrey yawned with a set of closed eyelids, holding onto the hand-hold with his brute strength, enjoying the smooth ride, without the exploding and annoying fire bombs of the River Rats. The airship was too high in sky altitude for a River Rat fire bomb to hit the side of the ship. He yawned. “You are doing a fine job. We’re sailing the air, not on the water.”
He pressed more buttons with a gasp. “I can’t stop the swift air speed of the ship.”
“Get over the Delta waters! Then, I’ll assist you to land on the flat surface of the Sun terrain.”
“Okay. All right,” Modoc held onto the steering wheel, and as his body swayed side to side with the crazy pattern of the dancing airship partially over the water and partly over the land. The airship continued to fly backward, zigzagging over the skyline in a weird flight pattern.
The group of fast boats continued to sail back and forth over the smooth water in confusion, not catching the airship.



Kingdom of the Fire

Baron Vetepurr and daughter first royal Princess Pio

Warm temperatures with bright sunlight and white clouds
Ground dirt setting


On the ground, Vetepurr strolled up from the pit floor and stood next to Pio with a smile and stared up into the sun and at the airship with a confused brow. “What is Modoc doing?”
Pio exhaled with a puff of annoyance and stared at the airship.  “He is stupid.”
He continued to stare into the sun and at the airship with a laugh. “Modoc might be a bad pilot, but he is destined to the new imperator of the Confederation. You should guard your words and your feelings, daughter.”
“He is still stupid.” Pio exhaled.
“I hope that you can back up those vile words with your swift actions. Words are meaningless. Action are worthy, good or bad.”
She smiled. “I can do more than that. I will be the new young and bold Imperatoress of the Confederation. You can be my adviser to assist me to rule all of the kingdoms.”
He continued to stare at the airship which was moving toward the Kingdom of the Sun with a smile. “You were successful, daughter.”
“I was successful and performed my princess duty, Father.”
A new yellow colored airship dropped down from the sky and landed a few feet in front of Vetepurr and Pio that was piloted by one the metalist for a sky trip. Vetepurr leaned over and kissed her scarred skull, pulling back with a smile, “Excellent, daughter! Go and finish your princess duty, Pio. I will see you at dinnertime inside my sand castle inside the Kingdom of the Sand.” He moved ahead with a smile and entered the airship. The door closed. The airship lifted from the dirt and soared into the air, moving away from Pio and the airship of Modoc, flying toward the Kingdom of the Sand.
She exhaled with a whisper. “Yes, Father.” Pio swung around with a stern face and marched down the staircase.


3rd hour (mid-afternoon)


Kingdom of the Sand
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and bolts of lightning strikes


Social Hall
Interior setting


The line of elegant dancers twisted and twirled around and around over the smooth floor in front of the rows of elevated lounge chairs, dancing to the soft music. Each guard marched between two dancers and twirled a silver tinted arm length vertical shaft up, down, sideways, and out of sync with the soft music, but in a military routine in front of each glass pane.
Each row of elevated lounge chair stood upright at various heights in the air waves with a single royal on top, sipping on a cold or hot beverage, gossiping about the latest event. The royal was dressed based on the current style of the royal court, a face patch.
For the past one hundred years, the face patch had dominated public speaking events and private secret conversations.
The face patch was an elegant design of slender single or multiple colored smooth piece of metal that fit over a particular section of the face. There were various assignments of face styles for a particular part of the face, such like, the jaw line, the chin, the cheekbone, the nose, the eyebrow, the earlobe, and the forehead.
Each person wore and displayed a face patch for long-distance communication. Every noble family held a certain color for to keep and shared the deep secrets.
Imperator Kung encouraged individuality among the natives.
Thus the face patch served and translated the words, the grunts, the hisses, the squeals, and other meek or loud sounds into a set of sentence structures for the eardrums of the non-native.
Each royal lady favored a forehead face patch which was always coupled with a pair of dangling earlobes metal patch. The colored metal tinted forehead face patch was slapped over the widest part of the forehead in a solid flat line that extended from temple to temple. The solid line contained a set of vicious sharp points or cute rounded circles that were all colored in golden tint for fun and flare. Overall, the forehead face patch represented a flat tiara on a queen over the different colored skin tone.
An earlobe patch was slapped onto a pair of lobes and hung down from the skin, sometimes dangling over each collar tone of the royal lady in the same golden hue or a set of different color tones.
Each face patch was displayed in a variety of colors, tints, hues, and tones some fun personality traits.
During each public speaking engagement within the assembly room, Imperator Kung required all nobles to wear a golden colored forehead patch for the females or a golden colored chin patch for the males.
Usually, the lower class of workers from each village wore an oval shaped golden colored nose patch over the side of the nostril bridge or a square shaped jaw line patch on one side of the skull while performing a job and communicating with the other workers.
The key feature of the face patch was the fun design. The chin patch was a small squared shape that fit directly underneath the bottom lip. The jaw line patch was a rectangle shaped that was slapped sideways onto the jaw line on each or both sides of the skull bone. The cheekbone patch was a single piece of wiggling piece of metal semi-crooked line. The nose patch was an oval shape of metal that curvy around a sharp nose or a rounded nose. The eyebrow patch was an arched piece of metal that nicely fit over the thin eye socket or the protruded bone of the eye socket. The lip patch was shaped into a narrow rectangular or a curvy long of fun. The forehead patch was a single thick or thin piece of metal that stretched from temple to temple or hairline to hairline.
For the personal fun and from the creative mind of Baron Vetepurr of the Kingdom of the Fire, there was a forehead face patch in the design of a pair of protruding curvy or straight horns that was slapped over the top of one or both eyebrows. Most of the younger teen males enjoyed wearing a pair of horns over the flat forehead that was sometimes paired with a set of face patch fangs.
The pair of face patch fangs was slammed against each edge of the lips with the sharpened pointy tip. The tip pointed down toward the floor and sometimes was made of an uglier different hue of color. 
The younger set of children would choose a face patch of tiny dots. The set of tiny dots were available in range of different colors. The set of dots were placed at the side of the eye socket as a single rolling colored tear. Or the tiny dots were slammed onto one of the nose holes as a set of rolling colored snot. Or the set of tiny dots were smashed into one side of the lips like a set of rolling colored mouth drool.
Yeah, the younger set of children had fun with the face patches while playing for fun or learning the academic lessons.
Imperatoress Haildrameme faked the smile and as, her lavender pair of dangling earrings and both arch brows twinkled in the soft hues. “I am so thrilled about the upcoming Time of Recognition. Pelf is nervous about marrying Modoc.” She was tall and slender with a head of blonde hair, a tone of yellow skin, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a crooked nose.
Duchess Torgeezus smiled and as, her matching lavender pair of dangling earrings and both arched brows twinkled in the matching hues while gossiping to her best royal friend Haildrameme, “My first royal son Prince Modoc has been extremely tense and careless later. He wrecked another airship moving a food wagon into the Kingdom of the Wind. Well, Jennessee can have the broken down airship. Her kingdom needs a set of extra transport airships. I smell the smoke that leaks from the pipes in the air. Then I see the black smoke that leaks from the pipes in the air. Then I see the streaks of oil that form crooked pattern in the air. Then I don’t understand why she doesn’t trade more dance shows for a set of newer airships.” She was a woman of average height with a head of black hair, a tone of dark skin, and a pair of brown eyes.
Haildrameme gasped and as, her earrings and the arched brow twinkled in lavender tones. “Do you not know?”
“Do I not know what?”
“The metal pits are almost dry, not wet.”
Torgeezus laughed and as her earrings and the arched brow twinkled in lavender tones. “That is a lie. I don’t believe old dog Vetepurr. He lies about everything. You should not listen to him, dear.”
“Does he, now?”
“Yes! He does, now and tomorrow. You are a foolish royal to believe the word or the string of words from the creepy devil horns of Vetepurr. There are plenty of wet pits. There are not plenty of pit workers for all the working demands.”
“Now, I understand you and Baron Vetepurr.”
Torgeezus smiled at the dancers and as, her earrings and the arched brow twinkled in lavender tones. “An upcoming royal wedding makes the young teens say and do strange things. My second royal son Prince Jarl talks about your lovely daughter second princess Nixie all the time. I do believe that they will be a compatible and prosperity couple within the Kingdom of the land.”
“My daughter, second royal Princess Nixie is overconfident within her lady manners and her swift observations. She will eventually become a wonderful duchess for you, dear, just be patience and understanding.”
“Of course, her first task will be to learn every single type of food item on the farm. I admit that it took me almost three full years of study and learning. I am so greatly for the birth conception process. I don’t think that I could have managed being pregnancy and a new royal at the same time. Nixie will be a wonderful additional as a second royal princess to my son second royal prince Jarl. He is very hard working and talented as a future royal mate.”
“I look forward to your first royal Prince Modoc roaming around the hallways with my first royal princess Pelf. They will be an excellent set of trophy royals for the Confederation, keeping the other kingdoms happy.”
“As always…” Duchess Torgeezus sipped on the cold beverage and admired the taunt and flexing muscles of the young guards from the Kingdom of the Sun.
On the side of the social room and away from Duchess Torgeezus and Imperatoress Haildrameme in a separate row of elevated lounge royal chairs, the two other royals admired the dancers and their set of secret whispers with a fake smile.
Ylangling, the Queen of the Kingdom of the Snow frowned, and as her pair of dangling earrings and the right arched brow face patch twinkled in peach colors. The design and color of the face patch was communicated only into another set of the same matching design and color of the second listener. Ylangling stared at the dances with a smile and spoke to her royal friend Zorachina. “Marquee Jennessee sure seems to enjoy making a spectacle of her person, dancing with all the other elegant young dancers. She is my age.” She was tall and possessed a tone of peachy skin tint, a pair of green eyes, and a head of black hair.
Zorachina, the Countess of the Kingdom of the Lakes smiled at the dancers and as, her pair of dangling earrings and the right arched brow face patch twinkled in peach colors, responding to the secret words of her royal friend Ylangling. “Marquee Jennessee sure seems to be in great body shape, dancing with all her dancers. I think that’s why she does it. She is my age, too.” She possessed a tone of pink skin without hair and a pair of green eyes.
Ylangling frowned at the dancers and the guards that both swirl and twirl during the entertainment inside the social room. All the adult royals were waiting for their royal children to finish the academic session then each family was served dinner before retiring for the evening. “Then her daughter, first royal Princess Ovilla will naturally assume her mother’s role and status the beginning of next week. Old and wrinkled Jennessee can retire.” She laughed with a smile. “I can’t believe that our royal children are graduating from the Royal Academy, next week.” 
She laughed and as, her dangling earring and the right arch brow twinkled in bright peach colors. “Jennessee is not old or wrinkled. You are old and wrinkled, Ylangling. The harsh weather of snow is difficult on the outer skin. You dark skin can’t stretch out the fatness of the good food during your numerous meals. I don’t know about Ovilla taking the place of her mother as the new marquee of the Kingdom of the Wind.”
Ylangling reached up and gently touched the softness of her fat cheekbone with a sour frown. “Why not? What does that mean?”
She exhaled. “I have heard a set of long and low rumblings among the younger royals. They are not interested in following and pursing the advice of their parents.”
“What does that mean?”
“Ferron wants to announce and marry Pelf.”
Ylangling gasped. “Impossible! That is an impossible feat. Well, it is improbable. The populous of the people approves which female royal is married to which male royal, after the Time of Recognition.”
“I thought that to be an impossible and improbably feat as well. However, the group of young royals is more ambitious in spirit and soul. Some want to take over the Confederation from Kung and his daughters.”
“That is an impossible dream, too.”
“Why is it an impossible dream? You must dream before seeing an impossible dream, Ylangling. If my son of the River marries the princess of the Sand, then I will be part leader of Confederation.”
“How is that possible?”
“Use your imagination for once, Ylangling! If the daughter of the Snow marries the son of the Land…”
“That is impossible. For centuries, the daughter or the son of the Sand has always married the son or the daughter of the Land.”
“Then it is a time for change. If your daughter of the Snow marries the son of the land, you and I would own third-fourths of the Confederation.”
“How is that possible?”
“We would own the Snow, the Lakes, the Land, the Sands property and all related working natives.”
Ylangling laughed. “You need a math lesson, Zorachina. The number four divided by the number seven equals fifty-seven point one four percent of the Confederation. What about the properties of the Sun, the Fire, and the Wind?”
“Who cares? The Sun land is hard and hot like their dicks. The wind lands are soft and mushy like their music songs.”
Ylangling grinned and watched the dancers. “all right! I agree with that statement. Then, what do I do with fifty-seven point one four percent of the Confederation?”
Zorachina gasped and then smirked. “Well, I would send all the servants from the Sand to perform all the work of all the river barges.”
She gasped. “You can’t do that. They are house servants to Kung and Haildrameme.”
“Not if my son is the new imperator of the Sand, they will be his subjects to do with as he pleases.”
She gasped. “I’m beginning to see the warmth of sunlight through your cold words. How do we accomplish that without getting burned by Haildrameme or executed by Kung? Kung is not the imperator by title, only.”
“O. Don’t worry about Kung. He is being taken care of as we speak. He will not be any trouble to us. Now, Haildrameme is the real bitch of the royals. She will cause major trouble for us. So, we should work together to contain her once and forever.”
Ylangling gasped and stared at the elegant body movements of the young dancers with a grin and a giggle. “Yes, we shall work together to contain her, once and forever.” Her active mind clicked with the upcoming possibilities of a new leader within the Confederation, which would Ylangling. She enjoyed spending her time with Zorachina, instead of snobby Haildrameme and chatty Duchess Torgeezus during the required visit within the Kingdom of the Sand. However, Ylangling was smarter than the current adult dull royals.
Zorachina couldn’t multiple out a simple math correctly. Thus, Zorachina would not be surprised when Ylangling slipped a sleeping potion into the pre-offered cold beverage to her friend and then whisked the unconscious body upward to view the beautiful snow-capped peaks of the Kingdom of the Snow.
Of course, Zorachina would freeze from the cold weather and then thaw out in the mild springtime next to the unconscious body of Haildrameme, finding the new snow beasts very unfriendly during the social hour.
Ylangling didn’t have the heart to kill an unarmed royal but the animals didn’t seem to care.
Yes, Ylangling continued to smile at elegant dance and would enjoy being the new Imperatoress of the Confederation. She was excited to inform her husband King Amoywane of the new royal adventure.


Bath Hall location
Hot steam and wet floors
Interior setting


The room was a square shape of tan colored hard walls with two rows of individual long hard table that could hold one outstretched body. The flood of white heated steam covered the walls, the tables, and some the people. Each male royal rested on top of a long table in the nude. Each strange pair of hands massaged a certain body part with a slight grunt of the motion.
Imperator Kung laughed and as, his crimson colored chin face patch glowed in dark hues with the secret words into the eardrums of his royal friend only. “Do you have a deal, Vetepurr?”
Baron Vetepurr of the Kingdom of Fire softly grunted from a set of firm hands of the slave girl over the tender back spine.
The slave girl hailed from the geographical arena that known as the Freelands which was not part of the Confederation. She wore a long and sleeveless white dress over a tall body of naked dark tinted skin with a head of black colored long hair in a tight ponytail and a pair of blue and white swirling eyeballs. She was blind, but used her firm hands to see, taste, and feel.
The crimson colored chin face patch twinkled in dark hues above the smile of Baron Vetepurr. “The same old deal, Kung. I’ll replace each burnt metal door inside your palace. How does it become burnt?”
“Each lightning bolt sizzles with a set of heated particles throughout the air. Then the heated air particles sizzle and attack the delicate metal.”
“What’s behind the metal door?”
“My privacy!”
“All right! We have a deal, as long as, my first royal Princess Pio selects her mate second.”
“That is both predictable and probably. Since, your first princess has always selects her mate within the second position. The populous of the curious people enjoy catching a glance of your daughters and then vote them into the first five slots. And I can’t explain how that is possible.”
“With your help and your alliance, my old friend, I thought you controlled the outcome from the voting on the Time of Recognition.”
Kung laughed. “You are an old royal lap dog. Yes, I do.”
“Excellent, you ensure that my first princess Pio selects her mate within the second position of the announcement like always. Then I will replace all the metal doors.”
“Are you instructing Pio to select Vantrey as first prince of the Kingdom of the Fire, next week?”
“Always.”
“Tell me then? Why does the Kingdom of the Fire girls always mate with the Kingdom of the Sun boys? I never figured that the social arrangement.”
“It is too obvious.”
“It is not obvious to me.”
Vetepurr grunted from the pair of firm hands on top of the back spine and as, his crimson chin face patch glowed in dark hues. “My heated lava pits are deep underground. My lava pits produce all the liquid metals that are used in every single hovering piece of working or pleasure equipment from an airship to a farm tractor to the ice box of frozen water inside your kitchen space. The Kingdom of the Sun produces a set of big and strong males who can stir the vats, lift the tubs, and pour the liquid metal into the individual molds. Then, each mold is caste and baked, creating the final product.”
“Hmm, you use all the males to perform that task.”
“The job is for a man.”
“What do your clan of female daughters and other female natives do inside the lava pits?”
 “Each native female and all my daughters wear a mark of the silver fire on both her hands, going up to the elbows from shaping the cool metal liquid. The liquid at that point is harmless. It only stains the outer skin tissue into tints of silver without poisoning the body.”
“Yes, I have seemed the permanent mark. And now that you have mentioned it, I have never seen a single male inside the assembly hall during my speech.”
“First, your speech is too winded. Second, your speech is broadcasted on every hand palm and arm patch throughout the land. Third, the males are heavy scarred in both body and mind. Some are strong to continue the work. Some are dead to never finish the work. Some are slow learning.”
Kung gasped. “Wait! I can’t believe this. I completely understand now. Ya old dog, you marry each Fire princess to a young prince of the Sun, so the male will work inside the lava pits until death.”
He chuckled. “You are a wise leader, Kung.”
Kung grunted from the pair of firm hands over both legs. “I am a stupid leader. I didn’t understand the end result of your social arrangement that comes from the Time of Recognition. So, every single male dies inside each lava pit.”
“Yes, every single one of them. I am fortune to birth daughters. Each daughter is married to a Sun prince. The Sun natives are tall and strong and able to fulfill my need.”
“Why do you birth only daughters and are not granted any sons?  What do you say about the happiness of each one of your princess daughters?”
“Alas, it is not a mystery. The set of mineral components within the metal alters the genes inside the egg of the female. Thus, each zygote is conceived as a female. I have confirmed that too.”
“Confirmed that identify with whom?”
He smiled. “My daughters completely understand. This is their fate. This is their destiny. This is their order from me.”
“Unbelievable, I’m the numb here. You are killing off all the past, present, and future young and viable guard units of the Confederation.”
He scowled. “Please, do me or spare me! The guard units are a joke within the kingdoms, Kung. The handsome, strong, tall, and able females and males need a better purpose than sweating in the dry and heated desert or standing at attention between the lifeless granite statues inside each semi-empty hall space here at Palace Central. You feed them for free. You clothe them for free. You arm them for free. You use them for nothing. What a waste of good talent? Now, I can use each one of these tall and strong men and women inside the pits to create more components with some real work.”
“I have clearly not voiced my concerns or my purpose within the Confederation. The Kingdom of the Sun, the young warriors are trained on a daily basis for war with our enemy. They represent a fighting unit of guards to defend our lands and our honors. I can’t rely upon another kingdom to accomplish that feat.”
He laughed. “What enemy, Kung? What war, Imperator? We have been at peace for so long that my pair of silver components has turned into a set of golden fossilized brass.”
Kung gasped. “How dare you mock my purpose, my promise, my concerns? Now, I have learned the truth.”
He laughed. “What truth?”
“You have single-handedly depleted the stock of viable and trainable guard units in the kingdom. How many active guard units are left for war?”
He laughed. “I don’t know but you have some here that do nothing, in case a battle wimp limps up to the fifty-fifth floor of the assembly hall.”
“I will be inquiring with Princelet Zitgestum.”
He snorted. “I would be instructing you, not inquire with Zitgestum. He is extremely sensitive about his land and his kingdom and his native…”
“Then I will inquire with the true ruler Glay.”
He laughed. “Glay is much more sensitive with another royal nosing around her personal kingdom. I would keep your crimson colored nose patch outta of her lands, Kung.”
“I am the leader. I need to know…”
“Know not!”
“I need to know.”
“There is nothing to know here, Kung. The lands are at peace, not war.”
“I need to know and understand your underhanded scheme which is to undermine my authentic leadership of the Confederation.”
He exhaled. “Keep your pair of silver components shiny! I am not undermining your non-existence leadership, Kung. I don’t want your lifestyle. I am happy where I was born. And I am conducting a business transaction with a professional relationship that has existed for centuries. The relationship is the Kingdom of the Fire and the Kingdom of the Sun. We are a partnership, since the beginning of time.”
Kung slid off the massage table and stood in the nude with a sour frown down at the scarred body of Baron Vetepurr. “Fine, you keep your professional relationship on a professional level. And I will be watching you, Baron.” He reached up and jerked off the crimson chin face patch, tossing it over the wrinkled towel, turning with a sour frown and exited the bathing hall.
The door closed.
“You should watch your shiny pair of silver components turn into fossilized golden brass, if you mess with my royal princess and their royal princes, Imperator Kung.” Vetepurr continued to rest over the hard table with a laugh and then a grunt as the slave girl massaged his tender feet.
On the second table near the opposite wall, the two other royals rested naked on top of a table with a different set of slave girls, speaking with a secret word into a different colored chin patch.
Quinastine, the count of the Kingdom of the Lakes chuckled and as, the chin patch twinkled in dark blue color. His eyeballs had followed the naked ass of Kung until the door closed. “Kung, he is trying to pretend to be a ruler of something.”
Amoywane, the king of the Kingdom of the Snow rested a chin over both arms with a sour frown and as, the chin patch twinkled in the same matching dark blue color for a private conversation. “You’re pretending to fuck his ass with your sissy dick. I saw your eyeballs watching his nakedness.”
The eyelids of Quinastine closed and as, his chin rested on top of the crossed arms. He chuckled and as the chin patch twinkled in dark blue colors. “Naw, I wanted to ensure that his naked ass left the bath hall. I like the opposite sex in many more ways than you, my old royal friend. But you are welcome to fuck his ass with your dick.”
He laughed. “I do believe that we should make him a ruler of nothing but naked asses.”
Quinastine smiled. “I do believe that you stand corrected. Kung is the ruler of noting but naked asses and floating dicks.”
“What does that mean?”
Quinastine smiled. “Kung only likes the same sex with the same kind.”
“That’s not true.”
“It is true.”
“How do you know that?”
Quinastine laughed. “I have a cute little toad that ribbits into my eardrum with stuff, after hot sex.”
“You’re sleeping with Imperatoress Haildrameme.”
“I don’t sleep with a woman. I fuck a woman that wants to fuck me.”
“Sleeping, fucking, it is the same position on top of the same bed. What did she say about her husband Imperator Kung?”
Quinastine grinned. “He can’t get it up.”
“That explains fucking you.”
“O. I said it wrong. He can’t give it up.”
“What can’t Kung give up?”
Quinastine smiled. “The other male dicks inside his ass, he is a gay male.”
“So what? I don’t see why that’s mine or your concern. Kung can fuck any male or female within his kingdom. He is not the only royal, like you, that fucks multiple people.”
“O contrary!”
“What does that mean?”
Quinastine smiled. “The first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand always gets her man.”
“What does that mean?”
“My son first royal Prince Ferron of the Kingdom of the Lakes is in love with the first royal princess Pelf. If he is given first selection, he will choose her.”
“She will refuse.”
Quinastine smiled. “I think not. Pelf is a tender hearted thing unlike her nasty second royal sister Princess Nixie.”
“I heard the rumors about the nasty and sexy teen royal sister Princess Nixie. Are the rumors true?
“True and tried.”
“Did you try it and fuck her, too?”
Quinastine gasped, “Stop thinking on a mentally sick level! I do not fuck little girls. My little son does.”
“Hmm, I am beginning to believe your made-up story tales.”
“What made-up story tales?”
“Kung is gay. You fuck Haildrameme. Teen Nixie is princess whore. So, that means, Pelf is…”
“…a virgin. She is the true ruler of the Confederation. She is the only asset of the entire Confederation worth acquiring during the Time of Recognition among the young royals.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
Quinastine smiled. “If Pelf accepts the offer and marries Ferron, then he would become the new young strong leader of the Kingdom of the Sand. He would live directly inside the palace here on the tan and beige sand.”
“Then your son Ferron would move up into the world of snobbiness with Imperator Kung. I don’t find that fitting or wonderful. I don’t want unhappiness for my children of the Snow.”
“Then your daughter, first royal Princess Kamela of the Kingdom of the Snow would marry my second royal Prince. Then your second royal Prince would marry Princess Pio of the Kingdom of the Fire.”
He frowned. “The daughter of Kingdom of the Fire always marries the sons of the Kingdom of the Suns that has not or will not change.”
“Baron Vetepurr does not agree with the marriage of his daughters to the sons of the Sun. And he is working with me to form to a new alliance. Once we, three marry off our children, we, three have formed a new and stronger alliance. No father would dare attack another kingdom with a blood child living within the castle.”
“I agree to that statement.”
“When Ferron marries Pelf, we will have the Kingdom of the Sands inside our alliance too. The Kingdom of the Sand possesses the most natives. Give them a shaft, they will fight for their freedom.”
“Your fairy tale is fascinating.”
“And so true…”
“Why is that, Quinastine?”
“The populous grows tired of the same old shit. They crave adventure and challenge. That is not allowed when the populous is ruled by the same set of shitty royals.”
“I hear you. But the populous does not seem to hear you, thou. They select the first royal from the popular and fun public presentation of the young royals. Then the first royal selects their life time mate. Then the waterfall cascades down the same mountain and down into the same moldy pond.”
“The public presentation is a ploy for the populous. The real determination is the…”
“Why?” He exhaled and enjoyed the massage with the warm set of hands. “Why is all of this important to me, Quinastine?”
Quinastine smiled. “Don’t your bones grow tire and weak from the snow and the ice on top of the pink capped snowy mountains?”
“Yes, the bright sun on top of the mountain peak can’t reach and warm my feet underneath five layers of thick clothing.”
“Then you and your snow queen could sit around on top of each elevated lounge chair, eating grapes all day long inside a warm sun, watching the servants wiggle an ass and working populous do your bidding.”
“I could feel that.”
“Then you and I would own and control half of the Confederation.”
“How did you figure that out?”
“The wide and deep fresh water Delta divides the kingdom geographically in half without water transportation but the fleet of airships. The high range of snow-capped mountains and the low fresh water river outlines and surrounds our side of the kingdom. You own running horses. I own the running river boats. It is the only transportation around any landscape, if an airship is crippled and has no pilot or no power.”
He laughed. “So you plan to destroy the entire fleet of old rusty airships that Allakon and Jennessee owns. I have great news. The fleet is about to destroy itself.”
“I do not have to destroy the fleet. Baron Vetepurr has been doing that for years, without my help.”
“What does that mean?”
“He wants to take over the Confederation along with me. We have been working together.”
“What does that mean?”
“After my son Ferron marries Pelf, on the second day of their royal reign, he and I want to take control of the Confederation.”
“Look, I admit killing Kung would be fun. And a new leader would be different to all. But we live in the same old Confederation. You can’t kill too many of the natives. You can’t build an airship. I can’t grow food. You can’t dance…”
Quinastine grinned. “I can dance.”
“You can’t live in the harsh desert of the Sun.”
Quinastine laughed. “Nobody can live within the harsh desert of the sun. That is why Glad sends all her natives to live and reside inside the cool and comfortable kingdoms.”
He frowned. “She does. I didn’t realize that fact.”
“I agree not to kill the entire populous. I will kill Kung and take over the Confederation. Are you with me and Vetepurr or not?”
He exhaled. “Can I think about it?”
Quinastine smiled. “If we own and control our side of the kingdom with the metal inside the Kingdom of Fire, then we could war.”
He gasped, “War?”
“Shush!”
He frowned, “War with whom, Quinastine? Imperator Kung and Duke Allakon, they are the real leaders of the Confederation and possess the riches in terms of resources and natives. People demand food. Food feeds the populous. The populous vote for the food to eat, not the pretty princesses, I promise you that truth.”
“I agree. Kung has created and maintained a useless Confederation for the entire populous.”
“It is not worthless, it is worthy.”
“The key to war would be the control of the metal lava pits that can continue to repair and built the new airships and more weapons inside the Kingdom of the Fire. The other key to war would be to raise an army of warriors from the dissatisfaction of the people.”
“Hmm, your story tale has merits but mice. You are forgetting one thing that I remember which you should also.”
Quinastine frowned. “What is that?”
“The entire populous of people of the Confederation, except for the royals, vote for the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sands because she is virgin and untouched. They expect the leader of the Confederation to be a virgin bride on her royal wedding night with any male. The male could be a Pamburg prince. The populous of the people would not care. They see and care only for the first royal princess of the land, which is Pelf.” 
Quinastine laughed. “You are correct. I did not forget. I mentioned before that Kung is gay. He only fucks other males with a long dick.”
“Yes, you have repeated your vile statement a couple of times through my chin patch.”
“My vile statement has not penetrated your closed mind. Thus, Kung is not and could not be the biological father of Pelf.”
He coughed. “How do you know that to be true?”
“The toad likes my dick, since her husband’s dick sticks into the asshole of another male, too many times.”
“How do we prove that truth?”
“That is too simple to accommodate.”
“Tell me? How do we prove the truth that Pelf is not his blood daughter?”
“We just do it, if we are challenged by Kung.”
“This is amazing. We could win the battle, without dripping a single drop of my precious blood protein by exposing the truth among the other royals.”
“Hmm, I would not do that.”
“Why not?”
“The other royals would highly question the identity of the real biological father of Pelf, since each young royal is supposed to be the blood child of a pair of royal parents.”
“Hmm, based on your logic, Nixie is not the biological princess blood child of Kung, either. Is Haildrameme the true biological royal mother of both girls?”
“Truly.”
“Hmm, are you the father of Pelf?”
Quinastine laughed. “Maybe…”
“Why is your answer, maybe?”
“I could be the royal father as a royal count. You could be the royal father of Pelf as a royal king. Does it really matter who is the father of Pelf? The new point, the Confederation needs new leadership.”
“I think the Confederation needs true leadership, if Kung is gay and his daughter is not a pure blood royal princess. I agree with you on that point.”
Quinastine exhaled. “Forget whose daughter belongs to whom right now?”
“Why? You have educated my mind. I think we should confront Kung tonight, after mealtime or during mealtime, and embarrass him with the correct answer and ask for his peaceful abdication from the leadership role of the Confederation. Then I can be king…”
“I think we should confront and ask the Pamburg king and engage in war.”
He gasped, “What for? What does that mean?”
“I have been educating you to see the bigger picture or the bigger continent or the bigger dick. We have outgrown our lands. We need to expanse immediately. We need to start a war and land grab for our children and our future of the Confederation.”
“You want to land grab the entire Pamburg Kingdom. We should go to the east. There, it would be an easy win.”
“We have conquered them already. They are our slaves for the night and the day. We must possess more fertile lands for food, more stable soil for houses, and better weather elements for both, the Pamburg Kingdom. The kingdom is equal to the one side of numerous kingdoms on each side of the Delta waters. Your kingdom kisses the southern side of the Pamburg Kingdom. Haven’t you ever seen the interior of the kingdom?” 
He exhaled. “My range of snow-capped mountains is snow and ice. The Pamburg range of mountains is heavy thick woodlands with a set of vicious animals that killed and eat human flesh. Yes, I have seen in the far distance some of the flat interior lands within the Pamburg Kingdom. There is a short mountain which is rumored to be the home of the royals. The mountains are surrounded by miles and miles of swampy land and numerous biting vicious animals, a very strategic home location. The front of the kingdom displays a set of massive crystal gates which are impenetrable.”
“Theoretically, it is said to be impenetrable, only because, no one has ever tried.”
“Do you plan to be the first?”
“I will be the first emperor of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
He laughed. “What is my role, your slave?”
“You can rule the Confederation. There would be too much land and too many slaves.”
“Slaves! Where would all the slaves come from?”
“The Pamburg natives would be angry and mad at us. We would have to enslave them and then whip an ass and a face for total control. They would become the new set of slaves to serve the Confederation. Our natives would become the upper class that would be serviced by all the Pamburg natives.”
He exhaled. “I don’t like your new idea. It is too wild and too deadly. I might die in the battle or from a slave revolt.”
“And if I told you that Vetepurr has a fleet of new airships that are hidden inside each river barge which is ready for deployment of a war on Pamburg Kingdom immediately, right now.”
“No…”
“If I told you that Vetepurr has a set of new weapons that has already handed out to each guard of each kingdom which is ready for deployment for a war with the Pamburg Kingdom immediately, right now?”
“What about Glay?”
“What about Glay?”
“She is the leader of the guards from her Kingdom of the Sun. They all obey her word.”
“And she will lead all the guards into war with the Pamburg Kingdom. You have my word.”
“What about Vetepurr? What is his role in war and after war?”
Quinastine exhaled. “Vetepurr is a trusted royal. However, we must keep the irons heated and hot. Vetepurr must stay down inside the pits. We need airships and weapons.”
“I agree. What is Glay’s reward within the new Pamburg Kingdom?”
“Hmm, usually, the first line of defense becomes the first ones inside a watery grave.”
“Hmm, I’m beginning to like your new idea. When is the war?”
“What war?”
He laughed. “You are speaking figuratively, of course.”
“Of course, I am theorizing an unlikely situation, enjoying my hand massage within a pretty day inside the Kingdom of the Sand. But I want my first royal Prince Ferron to marry Pelf. That is the truth.”
“I see clearly the truth, now.” Amoywane, the king of the Kingdom of the Snow flipped over and rested onto a back spine, allowing the slave girl to massage every naked inch of body. Her set of hands were firm and warm and as she was blind. She used all fingers to touch and probe each corner of him.
He softly chuckled from her tickling touches and as, the chin patch twinkled in the same matching dark blue color from the jaw movement and the light sound, without a private conversation with his royal friend Quinastine. His mind ticked with the numerous possibilities of a new ruler within the Pamburg Kingdom. Amoywane didn’t want to settle as the overlord of the overcrowded lands within the Confederation. He desired the wild and untouched lands of the Pamburg Kingdom. After all, his kingdom kissed the tall mountains of the Pamburg Kingdom. It would be most logic for the new emperor to rule both high mountains and the low valleys of a similar kingdom.
Yes, Amoywane would rule by both defeat and deception which was required, after informing his wife Ylangling that she will be the new empress of Pamburg Kingdom.


4th hour (late afternoon)


Kingdom of the Fire
Home of Baron Vetepurr and three daughters
    first royal princess Pio, second royal princess Mio
      and third royal princess Nio


Underground pit location
Bedroom setting of Pio


She moved down the staircase with a smile and turned to the side, dashing down through the red colored enclosed hallway, and then turned again. She entered her private bedroom. The heat signature detected and closed, locking the door, sealing her inside.
She stripped off the dark blue cloak, sipping it down over the floor and stopped, standing in front of a tall chest of drawers. Each drawer held a set of personal clothes. She opened the first drawer and reached inside, flipping upward a silver-tinted index finger into the upper wood panel and pressed the exposed button.
Part of the top of the chest surface cracked open, sliding out toward her naked breasts, exposing a flat piece of wood. On top of the wood, there were numerous columns of silver tinted individual patches that were not used for the face, but another body part.
Some of the columns were empty.
She reached down and selected the next available individual silver tinted body patch, slamming the gently metal over her naked belly button and watched with high anticipation.
The metal sat still in the color of silver and then flashed into life, turning into the color of pink, continuing to flesh off and on with pretty color.
Pio lifted both arms into the air with a scream and a smile of joy. The belly button patch indicated that she was pregnant with a growing and developing fetus, after fucking Vantrey on top of her bedroom mattress in a weird love formation, a few minutes ago.
She whirled around in a circle with happiness and stopped, dancing in front of the chest of drawers with a hum and a smile. She gently shoved the exposed panel toward the rear of the chest. The panel obeyed, retreated, and then closed hiding the other columns of belly button patches.
She reached out and grabbed the nose patch, slamming it into the side of the nose bridge, slapping the face patch with a finger pad for communication and as, the nose patch twinkled in the color of coral tints. “Bring two contains of metal components and rest at the Delta shoreline, now!” Pio didn’t bother to identify her princess-person, since she was the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Fire. Her princess order went out into the matching various other nose patches of coral tint to each metalist worker for immediate execution and it was obeyed, right now.
And her royal mother, the wife of Baron Vetepurr was dead. She had died a long time ago, after the birth of her children.
Thus, Pio was both the royal hostess and the royal daughter of the Kingdom of the Fire.
Pio back stepped with a smile and swung around, dancing side to side with delight. The belly button would not fall out and would stick upon the naked skin of her stomach until it was removed. She danced and hummed ahead, entering the large closet, and stopped, reaching out, grabbing a long rich black cape. She swung the cape around her nakedness with a smile and gathered up the long fabric into one hand, swinging around without tripping over the cape, moving ahead with a smile and a nod toward the closed door.
The door detected and registered her heat signature, sliding the door open for her exit.
Pio moved through the archway and turned down the same hallway with a smile and a hum, dashing toward the staircase, climbing the steps, and stood upright in the brown soil of her home land. She lifted the hooded cape to hide a face and double wrapped the long fabric around her nakedness and the belly button patch, moving ahead toward the shoreline of the light blue water of the Delta. There were two small containers of metal components standing alone without a set of metalists and shined in the tint of bright orange, the theme color of the Kingdom of the Fire.


Delta blue waters
Warm temperatures with parted clouds of sunrays of yellow
Brown colored shoreline setting


Her eyelashes darted to the side and up into the sky, looking up for a spy within her home lands, stopping in place, and stood between the two orange tinted containers at the edge of water underneath the bright yellow sun on a pretty day.
Pio was traveling to the place, where her little growing fetus would be safe.
The belly button patch had immediately relayed a blinking message to the one of the fast boats that belonged to the River Rats for an immediate water transport ride to the final destination, as long as, the River Rat had received payment, the two tubs of metal components to repair their water ships.
The fast boat quickly circled the water and stopped at the signal of the belly button patch, wobbling side to side near the brown colored dirt shore within the Kingdom of the Fire.
Two of five tall male River Rats jumped out from the carriage of the boat and grabbed both arms of Pio, quickly lifting her from the brown soil into the air and over the shallow water, gently dropping her down into the rear section of the tiny boat in silence. 
She leaned down and rested over the hard rear seat bench as the pile of stinky dark colored blankets covered her entire body with the simple disguise from any spy.
Two other male River Rats jumped down into the shallow water and ran around the boat, dashing into the soil, leaning down, and collected the two tubs of metal components into a chest. They dashed to the side of the boat and climbed up, sitting inside the front seat of the transport.
The boat driver revved the fast engine. The single fast boat jolted into movement and steered down the smooth Delta water underneath the bright sunlight of a warm day with Princess Pio in the rear.


5th hour (late afternoon)


Kingdom of the Sand

Sunset of yellow, blue, and white
Hot temperatures and lightning bolts

Assembly Hall setting


The set of three doors automatically slid open into the grand room.
Each yellow tinted lightning bolt sizzled with a set of heated particles throughout the outdoor air waves that was showed through the upper glass window panes of the Assembly Hall auditorium.
Childhood friends Modoc and Vantrey entered with a smile and split apart from each other, going into two different directions. Vantrey turned and veered toward the huddle with his native brothers from the Kingdom of the Sun and stopped, back slapping the collar bones with nods and grins before the start of afternoon academic session.
A few hours ago, he had landed the airship with the cart of metal components over the dry and hard orange colored desert inside the Kingdom of the Sun, allowing his friend Vantrey to fly the ship back home into the Kingdom of the Land. Then he refreshed for the academic classes that were held in the late afternoon before suppertime. Modoc slowly paced ahead toward the row of chairs and stopped, standing in front of her with a smirk. The girl leaned over with a smile and kissed his lips without breathing.
The teen girl Ovilla was the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Wind. She was tall with a slender body frame and a set of long fingers on a pair of elegant hands for drawing or dancing, which was convenient. She wore a tight fitting sheath dress, falling to the kneecaps with a pair of spiked heels to show off her set of long and lean legs. She possessed a head of thin lightest blonde locks of hair with glowing pale skin tone with a set of green eyeballs.
The Kingdom of the Wind was a flat forestland sight of miles and miles of tall brown barked trees with varied shaped green or red or yellow leaves, scattered groups of short dark green or bright orange plant bushes, colorful rows of wildflowers, beams of yellow sunrays, and peeks of blue skyline. The natives lived and thrived inside a tree house that was covered with a natural canopy of tree limbs which consisted of dancers of music, artists of painting, and writers of poems. Her mother Marquee Jennessee was the ruler. Her father was Marquise Fallacious was a poet of love poems who enjoyed freedom as a royal and his wife as a royal ruler.
Ovilla was destined to become the next Marquee when her biological mother retired without a fight or a fright or a bump or a bruise. Then, she would create and choreograph the same old dance routines and entertain the same old galaxy natives until her retirement date at the age of forty years, living a simple life behind the shadow of her future princess daughter.
The Kingdom of the Wind had always and will always be ruled by a princess female.
The life of dancer was very short which lasted for twenty years, since the body was pounded and bruised from a set of high energy activity of daily live performances. No life form wanted to see one single piece of an audio and visual tech tag that were recorded of a past performance.
Her brother Exmore was the lucky Wind royal, possessing a slender body for dance and a set of long fingers for drawing, also. He would not inherit the windy and vast dark green lush forestland of trees or carrying on the responsibility of dance entertainment within the Confederation.  Thus, he must marry another princess or become a dancer within a new unit on his home kingdom. Or Exmore could marry another dancer and still performed part of the dance company.
The purpose of Royal Academy was to pair each royal with a mate. The mate married and moved away from their native home world to live and rule as the new royal couple within the chosen kingdom. Every teen female was an inherited princess. Every teen male was an inherited prince.
The Royal Academy was an institution of learning, teaching and molding a princess and a prince into the next royal couple. The teens represented all the thriving worlds of the Confederation.
The labor class was composed of the workers that worked a job for food, shelter, clothing, and working and waiting on the princess and prince couple. The Royal Academy was created for a prince or a princess to choose a mate, keeping the Confederation which had lasted for centuries.
Each royal teen learned a set of academic subjects, such as, mathematics, science, and literature inside the classroom environment. Outside the classroom environment, each royal teen learned about each other within the social atmosphere with a set of guardian guards for protection and privacy during the daylight and early evening until dismissed for the night.
The perfectly square shaped auditorium room was called the Assembly Hall. No less for a royal room filled with a set of princesses and princes. There was not a line of elegant dancers twisting and twirling around over the smooth floor in front of the rows of elevated throne chairs, dancing to the soft music. There was not a line of guards marching between two dancers and twirling the shaft up, down, sideways, and out of sync with the soft music, but in a military routine in front of each glass pane. The Assembly Hall served as the classroom to education the young royals, who would eventually become the ruler of their home world at the eighteenth year of the royal birth.
Each royal sat inside a personalized individual throne chair that exhibited a set of hand crafted wooden symbols over the chair which signified the royal house. A few chairs displayed a royal colorful flag between a set of the tall and upright extended rear poles on the back rest of each throne chair.
Some of the throne chairs held a set of royal banners for fun also. The flags slightly wavered and wiggled on the side of the staircase that led toward the royal seat of each throne chair.
Each line consisted of individual throne chairs that formed a funny looking row that was scattered in front of three of walls.
Third-fourths measurement of each wall was made from tan colored sand grains that twinkled and winked at each royal during class. At the bottom of each wall, there was a row of white granite tinted individual statues. Each life-sized statue resembled a former and dead royal, wearing a white tinted granite ancient costume of the death period from centuries ago. The upper part of the wall was made of smooth glass which occupied one-fourth of each wall, showing off each lightning bolt in the color of bright yellow, coming from the continuous heat storm that didn’t contain loud sounding thunder or a sheet of raindrops.
On the floor, there was an individual staircase of steps which up into the throne chair which slightly separated each throne chair from the royal for pomp and drama, not academic purposes.
The highest staircase within any row belonged to the first royal of each kingdom which contained a series of seven individual steps, since the number six was an unlucky number. The second royal sat an ass inside an individual throne chair that went up six individual steps, since second place sucked for everyone.
Actually, the second and third royal both sat an ass inside an individual throne chair that went up six individual steps, since misery of the unlucky loved company.
Thus, each row of weird elevated throne chairs stood upright to various heights within the air and faced the educator as each royal teen gossiped about the latest event within the Confederation. To gossip, each royal teen was dressed based on the current style of the royal court, a face patch.
For hundreds of years, the face patch had dominated public speaking events and private secret conversations.
The face patch was an elegant design of slender single or multiple colored smooth piece of metal that fit over a particular section of the face. There were various assignments of face styles for a particular part of the face, such like, the jaw line, the chin, the cheekbone, the nose, the eyebrow, the earlobe, and the forehead.
Each person wore and displayed a face patch for long-distance communication. Every noble family held a certain color while keeping and sharing a set of deep dark secrets.
Imperator Kung, ruler of the Confederation encouraged individuality among the natives.
Thus, the face patch served and translated the words, the grunts, the hisses, the squeals, and other meek or loud sounds into a set of sentence structures for the eardrums of the non-native.
Each royal lady favored a forehead face patch which was always coupled with a pair of dangling earlobes metal patch. The colored metal tinted forehead face patch was slapped over the widest part of the forehead in a solid flat line that extended from temple to temple. The solid line contained a set of vicious sharp points or cute rounded circles that were all colored in golden tint for fun and flare. Overall, the forehead face patch represented a flat tiara on a queen over the different colored skin tone.
An earlobe patch was slapped onto a pair of lobes and hung down from the skin, sometimes dangling over each collar tone of the royal lady in the same golden hue or a set of different color tones.
Each face patch was displayed in a variety of colors, tints, hues, and tones some fun personality traits.
During each public speaking engagement within the assembly room, Imperator Kung required all nobles to wear a golden colored forehead patch for the females or a golden colored chin patch for the males.
Usually, the lower class of workers from each village wore an oval shaped golden colored nose patch over the side of the nostril bridge or a square shaped jaw line patch on one side of the skull while performing a job and communicating with the other workers.
The key feature of the face patch was the fun design. The chin patch was a small squared shape that fit directly underneath the bottom lip. The jaw line patch was a rectangle shaped that was slapped sideways onto the jaw line on each or both sides of the skull bone. The cheekbone patch was a single piece of wiggling piece of metal semi-crooked line. The nose patch was an oval shape of metal that curvy around a sharp nose or a rounded nose. The eyebrow patch was an arched piece of metal that nicely fit over the thin eye socket or the protruded bone of the eye socket. The lip patch was shaped into a narrow rectangular or a curvy long of fun. The forehead patch was a single thick or thin piece of metal that stretched from temple to temple or hairline to hairline.
For the personal fun and from the creative mind of Baron Vetepurr of the Kingdom of the Fire, there was a forehead face patch in the design of a pair of protruding curvy or straight horns that was slapped over the top of one or both eyebrows. Most of the older males and the younger teen males enjoyed wearing a pair of horns over the flat forehead that was sometimes paired with a set of face patch fangs.
The fanged face patch displayed a set of extended tooth fangs that was slammed against the edge of the lip with the sharpened pointy tip. The tip pointed down toward the floor and sometimes was made of an uglier different hue of color. 
The younger set of children would choose a face patch of tiny dots. The set of tiny dots were available in range of different colors also. The set of dots were placed at the side of the eye socket as a single rolling colored tear. Or the tiny dots were slammed onto one of the nose holes as a set of rolling colored snot. Or the set of tiny dots were smashed into one side of the lips like a set of rolling colored mouth drool.
Yeah, the younger set of children had fun with the face patches while playing for fun or learning the academic lessons.
Modoc was a prince from the Kingdom of the Land. The Kingdom of the Land consisted of miles and miles of red dirt that planted, grew, and harvested tons of food stuffs for each local village of each kingdom, heading down toward the sandy beach. His mother Duchess Torgeezus, she was currently housed inside the Social Hall below this room, waiting for the academic classes to cease, before the royal family went to dinner and then retired back to home.
On one side wall inside a single row slightly in the middle of the auditorium room, there was a set of elevated individual throne chair with a set separate staircase for a teen royal. Modoc escorted Ovilla to the side of the auditorium room, marching up the seven steps and spun around with a smile, sitting down inside the center of the third throne chair without assisting Ovilla into her royal chair. This was his assigned parking spot for his butthole, since the first day of academic classes for the royals at the age of fourteen years old. He turned and scanned the room with a grin, wearing a pair of invisible creepy and curved devil horn face patches over each eyebrow that were cleverly invented by Baron Vetepurr, who ruled the Kingdom of Fire. The face patch twinkled all time with a word conversation into the eardrums of the wearer. When Modoc talked or heard another whisper of words, the curvy devil horns lighted up in the sissy color of pink like now.
The sissy pink tinted hue on each face patch had been dictated coming from Imperator Kung while detouring each teen royal from misbehaving in horseplay in the classroom but it didn’t help.
The human, an educator of the young royals sat in front of the classroom inside an oversized tan colored sitting chair, wearing an array of face patches in the tone of sissy pink. His face was decorated, starting at the wide forehead with a line thread of sparkling pink tint that resembled a tiara. A pair of curvy and straight pointed devil horns was located above the tiara face patch and each white colored hairy eyebrow. Two individual eye brows patches were displayed over the top of each eyebrow. A set of nose patches glittered on each side of the nose bridge. A pair of cheekbone wiggling line face patches twinkled in pink colors. A mustache face patch displayed above the lips. A chin face patch was below the bottom lips. Two jaw line patched covered the edge of his face. And finally, he wore a pair of pink tinted dangling earrings. Some of the princesses only activated one dangling earring for annoyance to the Educator.
Yes, the Educator was a nameless face of twinkling pink tinted face patches on a tone of yellow tinted skin, looking ridicule inside the oversized sitting chair. He continued to whisper and as each face patch picked up the words. “Come inside and sit down, royals. Class is beginning.”
A person only whispered a set of sentences or words into a face patch. Then the face patch translated each word clearly into the eardrums of the other party or parties. A person could yell into the face patch with a loud voice, but the face patch would rely on a set of whispered words into the eardrums of the receiving party or parties.
Modoc possessed a tone of red skin and a head of cropped brown colored hair, and a pair of hazel eyeballs with a slender build of lean muscles. He also wore a bright neon light green colored mustache that was currently not twinkling which communicated directly with his good friend Vantrey. The key to the face patch was an exact matching design and color. Then two individuals could whisper in a set of secret words. If there was not any communication, then the face patch was unlighted and blended into the skin tone of the wearer.
Ovilla leaned over and slapped a baby blue colored cheekbone face patch on Modoc.
Modoc didn’t cringe. He was used to her doing that silly maneuver on his face. Ovilla leaned over and invaded his personal space each afternoon inside the Royal Academy. The face patch could be removed and reapplied every day. It could be worn to bed also, except no teens did that.
Ovilla turned and smiled into the nose profile of Modoc, whispering into the face patch that only transmitted into the eardrums of Modoc, rolling the thin blonde hair within her fingers. “I’m excited about class today. We’re close to the age of eighteen years old. Then we will each select our mate right after the Public Presentation. What role are you going to assume in the public presentation? I am…”
He stared ahead with a grin and watched the patterns of dancing lightning bolts inside the upper forward window with a gasp “Wow. That lightning bolt looks like your face, Ovilla.”
“Where?” Ovilla turned with a gasp and a grin to see the forward window, searching the skyline for a pattern of her face with a pout, “Awe, I missed it. But I bet it was beautiful like me.”
Modoc reached up and slapped the baby blue colored cheekbone face patch which activated the transmitter volume to off. Thus, he could not hear the words of Ovilla. The face patch was a communication devise that worked all the time, after the face patch was slapped over the skin anywhere and anytime. However, the wearer could touch the metal on the face patch and mute the sound, coming from the other party or parties. Modoc did every afternoon, too.
Ovilla turned with a smile and a whisper into her matching blue colored face patch, staring at the nose profile of Modoc. “I am going…”
The cheekbone face patch twinkled in light blue colors which indicated that Ovilla was still talking only to Modoc. However, Modoc could not hear her words but nodded occasionally for drama.
Also, on the face of Modoc, there was a third face patch, a nose face patch. The nose patch had been slapped on before his presence inside the Assembly Hall. The lavender colored royal patch belonged to Kingdom of the Sand and its royal second daughter Nixie. The nose patch was easier to wear rather than annoying Nixie, who was the sister of Pelf. The nose face patch flicked in the color of lavender from Nixie. She continued to carry a conversation with Modoc as Modoc didn’t hear the words, either.
Each face patch transmitted each word in a form of a soft whisper. Possessing multiple face patches didn’t upset the five senses, since it was like standing in the middle of a circle, overhearing several people talking at the same time. The brain cells of Modoc would react and concentrate on one voice tone for clarity.  However, each face patch allowed a simple finger push on the twinkling metal to mute the device, coming from the whispering party or parties like Ovilla and Nixie. Modoc nodded with a smile for drama. The mustache face patch twinkled in the colors of neon bright pale green like a pile of mouth vomit, indicating a speaker on the other end.
He was a head taller than Modoc with a set of board shoulders, a pair of blue eyes. The twinkling blue eyeballs allowed him and the other natives to shine and see within the darkness at night on his home land, the Kingdom of the Sun. He wore a long ponytail behind the nape of his neck in the color of rich black. His face was clean shaven with a set of loop earrings, dangling from inside both earlobes. And a single looped ring hung down between the nose holes, creating great pain, when he smiled. Thus, Vantrey did not smile. His body frame possessed a tone of light brown skin. The right side of his chest cavity going down to the tenth rib within the rib cage held an array of colorful tattoos, marking him the highest rank of prince within the Kingdom of the Sun. Vantrey wore the exact same neon bright pale green tinted mustache face patch, staring at Modoc with a smile and a whisper into the face patch. “Why don’t you boot both Ovilla and Nixie from your arm rests? O. You can’t,” loudly chuckling.
Modoc turned and stared with a nod and a smile at Vantrey, hearing the soft words and soft laughter. He wanted to follow the wise advice of his good friend. However, Nixie would get mad at him. Then Pelf would get upset with Modoc when her sister was upset too. Modoc was going to marry Pelf. The marriage arrangement had existed for centuries. The Kingdom of the Land first royal always married the Kingdom of the Sand first royal.
And there never was conflict of the first royals as the same sex either, because of the Pamburg Kingdom possessed a set of advanced medical technology which was a big help and a bigger secret from the Confederation.
Vantrey continued to sit on a separate row of six individual throne chairs within the center of the Assembly hall auditorium. His face was covered in set of sissy pink coated devil horns on the wide forehead to hear the Educator, a wiggling light green mustache underneath the nose holes to hear Modoc, and a dark blue chin patch to whisper at his girl Pio. His butthole faced the rear wall. His arm caressed the hand of his love Princess Pio. His other arm rested on top of the arm rest, playing the nasty game of mashing the fingers with the second royal and his brother Prince Zeebac for fun.
Second royal prince Qcraft looked and dressed like his older brother Vantrey, wearing a set of sissy pink coated devil horns on the forehead to hear the Educator only. He wasn’t interested in talking during class to anyone else, only leaving call to perform his shaft practices skills with his sister for fun and her blood.
The other brother of Vantrey, third royal Prince Zeebac sat next to her brother Qcraft playing the same fingers game with his brother also. Actually, he lifted a folded fist and then slapped it down over the hand of his brother with a loud smack and a louder laugh into the air waves. He wore a set of sissy pink coated devil horns on the forehead to hear the Educator only. He didn’t want to whisper to any of the other princesses or princes either.
Her throne chair sat next to his throne chair, Pio held the hand of Vantrey as the other free arm flung side to side, leaning over into the second throne chair, talking with her two other sisters. Pio always was talking with her sisters about the business within the Kingdom of the Fire. The Fire was responsible for the creation and repair of new and older airships, wagons, carts, and other pieces of metal that fly over the land or sail into the sky. There was too much metal work to be done inside the underground pits instead of wasting time here inside the Royal Academy. She wore a forehead face patch that resembled a flat tiara of pink with pointy spikes going up and down the metal strip, a set of colorful dots was scattered about the cheekbones which matched her two sisters for the private conversation which could not be ease drop since the key to transiting words was the exact shape and color of the matching set of metal face patches. And she wore a chin patch of dark green that matched the face patch of Vantrey for a short whisper of conversation. Pio wore an arm patch and pressed the picture occasionally with the new specs of a new airship design from the brilliant mind of her father, Baron Vetepurr.
On same row with Modoc, the second throne chair hold the lovely daughter of Imperator Kung and his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme second royal Princess Nixie between Modoc and her sister Pelf. Nixie was a petite teen with a head of white colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow skin like her sister and the rest of the servants inside the Kingdom of the Sand. She twisted a neck with a smile into the nose profile of Modoc, whispering into her tan colored nose patch that matched her love Modoc. She planned to win the first choice within the Public presentation. Then she would pick Modoc as her mate. Then they would rule and run the Confederation. Nixie didn’t tattle to anyone but she was winning the royal teen competition. Then she would become the next Imperatoress of the Confederation.
Her sister Pelf could end of with any other prince, since Nixie didn’t give an owl hoot as the bird lived and thrived within the Kingdom of the Wind.
Once Nixie was the new Imperatoress with her new husband imperator Modoc, they would create a war and then invade all the riches and resources of the Pamburg Kingdom, claiming the fertile lands for their new empire.
Her father Imperator Kung had visited the Pamburg Kingdom on his second day of new rule as an eighteen-year-old. That was it. There were not any more invitations back into the mysterious and mystical Pamburg Kingdom.
As usual, the royals of the Pamburg Kingdom rejected and refused the kind offer to join and share their resources with the rest of the kingdoms.
Now, it was time for a change of attitude and altitude for the Confederation. The Confederation was growing very fast without land and food. Nixie had worked very hard to secure her number one spot within the Public Presentation, continuing to smile and whisper into the tan colored nose patch while Modoc nodded with a grin in silence.
Nixie knew that Modoc had clicked off her matching nose profile, but skinny and snaky Ovilla didn’t. It was a fun façade pretending to entertain Modoc each afternoon. However, at night, Nixie always won the princess game.
On the same row, inside the second elevated throne bench, Princess Pelf sat quietly alone observing the rest of the roaming royals. She always sat alone inside the bench which was next to her sister princess Nixie, since the first day of academic classes at the age of fourteen years old. She wore a pink tinted forehead tiara face patch with a pair of dangling pink tinted earrings. She has punched off the dangling earrings for communication and observed each royal with a fluttering heart of worry.
On the same row with Pelf, inside a first third throne chair, first royal Prince Ferron of the Kingdom of the Lakes sat and leaned over the arm rest, not touching her soft cheekbone or the naked shoulder of the elegant princess of Pelf. He loved her and wanted to marry her during the Time of Recognition. And he would do that, once he won the first choice with the Pubic Presentation. The first choice always wins and weds the prince or princess of the Kingdom of the Sand. His father 
On the side wall with Ovilla, completing the rest of the throne chairs, there sat the other royals form the Kingdom of the Wind. Second royal prince Exmore and third royal princess Sedottie, they were the brother and the sister of first royal princess Ovilla, sitting side by side and occupied the same space, not for any particular reason.
Exmore duplicated most of the males with a set of sissy pink coated devil horns to hear the Educator, a bright red nose patch to talk with his girl Triddie and an orange cheekbone face patch to talk with his twin sister Sedottie, since Ovilla never wanted to chat about anything but Modoc. Exmore didn’t want to hear about Modoc either.
His sister Sedottie wore a forehead tiara like the rest of the teen females with a set of matching pink dangling earrings to hear the Educator and a jaw line in the color of light brown to listen to Lortany only, who is the prince of Kingdom of Snow. She smiled and only giggled, staring directly at him. Sedottie wasn’t interested in becoming the princess of the Confederation, since there was another royal plot for that matter which indirectly benefited and included Sedottie.
Her mother was constructing a new play with a new playground for her sons and daughters.
Across from the long single row of individual throne chairs that held Ferron, Pelf, Nixie, Modoc, Ovilla, Exmore, and Sedottie, on the other side wall, there were another set of individual throne chairs.
The first throne bench held the two biological blood-brothers of Modoc. The second royal prince Jarl and the third royal prince Altus sat side to side.
Jarl will marry Nixie after the Time of Recognition. Then Nixie would become the next new young Duchess of the Kingdom of the Land. This coupling had happened for centuries for the second royals of the Sand and the Land. He wore a set of sissy pink coated devil horn which had been dictated by Kung and a face patch of rows of dots that represented tiny pieces of light green snot, flowing down the left nostril for fun and to talk with his brother Altus.
The third royal prince Altus wore a set of sissy pink coated devil horns and a matching face patch of rows of dots that represented a column of tiny pieces of light green snot, flowing down the left nostril for fun and to talk with his brother Jarl. Altus stared with a sour frown and whisper into the left nostril face patch, staring at the girl. “Why do you allow her to act and flirt with Modoc? The silly teen behavior is disrespectful, brother.”
Jarl smirked with a whisper and stared at Nixie and as, his words transmitted back into the snot looking face patch. “Modoc doesn’t see or want or hear Nixie. He only wears the nose patch to be respectful to Pelf, her sister. He is going to marry Pelf and become the prince of tan sands and nothing but heated servants here and run the Royal Academy like a lazy numb. Nixie is my girl and will be my future wife after the stupid Public Presentation has completed, next week.”
He stared at Nixie with a sneer. “How do you know that?”
Jarl smiled. “He told me.”
“You believe me?”
“I believe our brother. He loves Pelf and talks only about her day and night. She has a tender heart thing and be fine wife for Modoc.”
Altus laughed. “None of the royals possess a tender heart. Where did she get it? Not from her mother, Imperatoress Haildrameme with that crooked nose, either. Haildrameme has an ugly nose. Nixie didn’t inherit that either.”
“I don’t know but she has one. Modoc admires it and loves Pelf for it, too.”
“Nixie doesn’t have a tender heart but a stinging bite.
“Yes, my imp is Nixie. She is not tender, but hard and fast. I like my girl to be strong and brave. She will make an excellent duchess within the Kingdom of the Land.”
“Her spirit will have to be tamed.”
“Not tamed but turned into energy of growing foods,” laughed Jarl.
Altus frowned. “That sounds boring, too, brother.”
Jarl laughed. “I like to eat.”
He laughed. “I like to eat, too.
“Well, my first act as the new duke, I will fly Nixie out to one of the gardens and plant a row of broccoli with my new bride in celebration of our royal future together.”
“You’re a true land lover.”
“Right, brother.”
The forward wall held the single Educator, a servant of the Kingdom of the Sand. He sat low and stationary on top of the floor without flinging a hand or a piece of chalk or a piece of shaft at each teen royal.
The middle aged male with a head of white colored head, a face of white colored beard, and a pair of violet eyeballs sat inside an elevated sitting oversized chair of tan leather, not a throne chair without a flag or a banner. The chair was nicely padded for teaching the young royals about royal protocol. He whispered into the air and as, his words were captured into each pink twinkling face patch and then transmitted into each royal face. He faked a smile. “This is the start of the week. You will work together and prepare a Public Presentation which will be viewed by your royal parents, the parents of your fellow royals, and the rest of the populous of the people.”
A set of folded fists of some teens pounded on top of the wooden arm rest without wobbling the throne chair. Each face patch sounded with a set of soft moans and groans back into the eardrums of the Educator.
Each royal class had to present a Public Presentation, marking the ascension of royalty, coming from the Royal Academy before beginning a life of royal duty.
After the Public Presentation ended, the populous of the people would select the favorite performing royal teen as the first choice to announce his or her mate for life. Once the royal teen selected the mate, the mate could accept or refuse. 
If the mate refused, the first choice royal teen dropped down at the end of the royal line with the least or last two royals, who always paired and married.
Then the populous of the people would announce the second favorite performing royal teen. The second favorite royal teen would select out loud inside a face patch and show on an arm patch the picture of his or her mate for life. Then the mate could accept or refuse the honor.
The procedure followed a numeric sequencing through each royal teen. Then the rejected royal teens would select out loud a second mate choice and repeat until each teen was paired with a lovely or nasty mate. The entire process was called the Time of Recognition.
After the time of Recognition, each royal family announced through the face patch and on arm patch each selected royal pair, coming from inside the Assembly Hall, marking a formal engagement which was followed by a series of royal weddings throughout the day and the night.
Then each royal married couple started the process of taking over the royal duties of their parents.
“Quiet, royals!” Each face patch twinkled in sissy pink colors and as, he shouted with a sour frown. “Please bring forth a kind suggestion for the Public Presentation. It can be a poem, a dance, a reading, an airship race, a song, a duel of shafts…”
“A monster chasing down his lunch.”
“A princess chasing down the prince…
“A prince chasing down the princess…”
“A dual of strengths with taunt muscles…”
“A dual of sucking down food proteins…”
Inside the middle section of the assembly room within the top row of elevated throne chairs, Exmore quietly sat inside a two-seater throne chair with his younger sister Sedottie. They were classified as a set of twins, but not really.
During the royal conception process, his eighteen-year-old mother Queen Jennessee had conceived the first child, who was named Princess Ovilla. Then, the developing fetus had been safely removed from her womb by the talented hands on a scientist within the Pamburg Kingdom. The fetus was stored and incubated like a piece of sizzling dinner meat until it grew into a mature baby girl.
In contract, if the first conceived fetus had been a male, then the fetus would have been terminated within the womb of Queen Jennessee.
During the incubation process of first princess Ovilla who was named during the growth stage.
Marquee Jennessee conceived a second child within her womb, a week later. The second fetus was removed and stored without incubation on the developing zygote. Then, Queen Jennessee conceived a third child within her womb, sometimes along the third week of her virgin marriage to her husband. The third fetus was removed, stored, and frozen like the second non-developing zygotes, also.
Then nine months later, the second and the third zygotes were unfrozen and allowed to thaw out into a pair of developing fetuses. The pair of fetuses was incubated and grew as a set of twins, but not really twins. When each twin reached the maturity of a full sized newborn, both the newborns were released from the secret laboratory within the Pamburg territory and handed to the biological parents. Thus, the second and third fetuses grew up as a pair of royals.
This novice conception method had ensured the continence line of royals for centuries. Sometimes, during the incubation stage the fetus would die or was born with a set of malformations. Then the fetus was terminated with its life force. However, it was very rare for a single death or an array of malformations of a royal zygote. Thus, his mother Marquee Jennessee never thought to terminate the second born male, in favor of a second born female, in case of an accidental fetus death.
So, this wonderful accomplishment worked perfectly into the wicked plans of Exmore.
Exmore was the first prince of the Kingdom of the Wind as he was the first male conceived birth to Queen Jennessee. However, he would never rule the nation. The Kingdom of the Wind had been ruled by a female, since the beginning of time. 
His father Marques Fallacious was an excellent writer of love poems and adventure tales, diving into his talent as his wife Marquee guided the kingdom. Within the Kingdom of the Wind, the entire populous was composed of talented dancers, artists, and writers. Each native entertained at the royal entertainment room and the entertainment centers for the populous throughout the continent, except within the kingdom of Pamburg.
Thus, each dancer, artist, and writer was content with an artist life but Exmore. He desired much more instead of a second class prince from a second princess or a third class princess, becoming a worn and tired dancer or blurry eyed writer or a voice stringed singer.
The Kingdom of Pamburg existed in total isolation from the rest of the Confederation.
Exmore continued to sit and stare at the other young royals, lifting and tapped both finger pads together with a smirk, hearing the continued silly public presentation themes with the black colored chin face patch, pondering his brilliant plan.
If his sister first royal princess Ovilla was selected first choice with the Time of Recognition, the she would become married to first royal prince Modoc. Then she would gladly give up the throne chair and the throne room of the Wind, happily moving and living within the Kingdom of the Land for the rest of her healthy days. Then she would conceive a first healthy royal fetus and began the same royal conception process for the next nine months until the newborn returned into her arms with love, occupying her time.
Exmore didn’t need to coach Ovilla into the arms of Modoc to accomplish his personal goal of ruler.
Ovilla was in love with the first prince, exhibiting her silly princess behavior since she was thirteen years old. At the age of thirteen years old, she leaned down and sat her dress hem inside a multiple seater throne chair on the one side of Modoc, secretly talking into the shared face patch.
Inside the same throne chair, second royal princess Nixie cuddled inside the other bicep of Modoc.
Traditionally, the princess of Sand always married the prince of Land. The Kingdom of the Sand didn’t produce a product but provided the leadership of the Confederation.
Imperator Kung was a handsome and tall male, who happened to hold a special social and personal relationship with the king of the Pamburg Kingdom that had been established by his dead ancestors.
No one had attended the throne view within Pamburg. No one had seen the king or the queen of Pamburg. No one knew what had happened within Pamburg lands. Thus, the entire kingdom was a mystery and a fascination of day dreams with every royal and every person within the Confederation territory. However, the rumor of the Pamburg medical and science technology was beyond sophistication. The entire kingdom was guarded by a set of crystal gates that was attached onto a tall and long fence, where no person was allowed entrance. The military boasted the best archers, shooters, and airship pilots to ensure no entrance also, so the rumors went. Thus, there had never been a civil war with Pamburg and the Confederation for any reason, because of the secret Pamburg science which allowed each female royal to conceive a baby royal, without spilling blood or guts.
After his sister Ovilla married Modoc, Exmore would automatically capture the throne chair of Wind as the first prince. Of course, that action had never occurred within the Kingdom of the Wind, since the beginning of time. Each first princess of Wind had gladly accepted a second or a third prince for a royal husband, guaranteeing the rule and the title of Marquee.
Part of the harsh competition, the random order within the selection process of a mate was decided within the Time of Recognition. If Exmore could display the set of excellent acting skills of his sister talented Ovilla before the entire populous, who will see the individual public event on a hand or an arm patch at home, then the entire populous would become enamored and then would select her name as the first royal for the Time of Recognition event.
The silly public presentation appeased the general populous with smiles and eliminated the fist fight of blood for each royal from death. Years ago, each young royal engaged in hand-to-hand combat over the first mate which ended up with a set of dead young royals. Then, the set of mature royals bumped heads and came up with the public presentation for the protection of their precious daughters and sons.
Once his sister Ovilla had been removed from the throne, and then married Modoc, Exmore would select and marry his true love, first princess Triddie of the Kingdom of the Rain. His eyelids darted to his love without a show of emotion.
Triddie turned and stared with a blank face at Exmore without speaking into a face patch as she safely sat between her two older brothers inside a set of individual throne chairs. Each throne chair displayed on each side of the back rest the official royal flag, a dark green background with an open an exposed mouth of yellow long and sharp fangs of a single white colored gator. The gator was a natural resident of the fresh water river and was a good meal on a plate of greens and bread.
Inside the Kingdom of the Lakes, each residential house was made of yellow colored dried moss that was plunked from the side of the river bed and built on top of a floating barge of metal, scouring the fresh river for seafood that fed the entire populous. Some of the more interesting merchandise items included the fins, the claws, and stripped bones of numerous types of aquatic sea life. These items were sold to the kingdom of Pamburg. It was rare that a royal house or a native purchased or collected the unusually objects.
Within the Confederation there was not any type of coin system for merchandise exchange. Each item was bartered for trade with another home grown product.
A wagon of food purchased two carts of metal components to repair the equipment.
A dance routine brought a wagon of food to feed the village.
A wagon of seafood exchanged a wagon of clothing for three barges.
Third royal princess Triddie of the Kingdom of the Lakes continued to stare with a blank face at her love, second royal prince Exmore of the Wind. She was a tall and muscular teen female using her arm and leg muscles to push off and pull a set of fishing nets up and inside her personal barge pier, gathering tons of the seafood produce for the Confederation. Unlike the rest of the royal princesses, Triddie worked for her dinner. She wore a shaven skull of pink tinted tone, making her skin glow with her smile during their sex acts inside the sand castle of Triddie. 
Exmore exhaled with a huff of doubt. It was not guaranteed that first royal Prince Modoc would accept the tart announcement of Ovilla. However, Exmore had developed a second plan for that contingency also. He whispered with a smirk into the pink colored chin patch for all eardrums to hear, “The nab…”
Triddie heard and repeated the words that were caught by her pink tinted forehead tiara shaped patch, “The nab…”
Vantrey heard the words and repeated with a smile into the horn face patch, “The nab…”
Each young royal heard the two words and repeated with a smile into a face patch of pink, “The nab…”
Exmore whispered into the pink colored chin face patch, “Nab the Numb…”
“Nab the numb…” the other voices of the royal teens whispered and transmitted into each active face patch.
Educator frowned at each royal. “All right! I am clearly hearing a set of repeated words, coming from the face patch of each royal teen. Nab the Numb, this is the silly play that every royal wants to perform for the Public Presentation in front of mama and daddy and the populous of the people.”
“Nab the Numb…”
“Nab the Numb…”
“Nab the Numb…”
Educator exhaled, “Very well, royals! I need to hear some role playing speaking or non-speaking parts from each royal to complete the process of the Public Presentation.”


7th hour (early eve)


Private two story sand castle building
First royal princess Kingdom of the Sand
Princess suite setting of Pelf


The door opened.
Each sand castle contained an entrance foyer which was shaped like a tall and narrow rectangle with a forward wall of solid tan colored marble going up from the floor and into the ceiling. There was not a single viewing window or a sitting chair or a potted plant inside the entrance foyer. The center of the forward wall held a single narrowly enclosed staircase leading up and into a social room with an open entrance archway off the side the staircase. The master sleeping bedroom was located on the highest floor with a closed door.
The ground level entrance door was not locked and as, the door knob stayed open. So, a royal adult or a teen could stop by at any time to see the royal teen, climbing up the single staircase, waiting inside the social room like a good parent or a good guest.
He ran up the staircase with a smile of excitement, wanting to tattle his secret to his future wife, passing the open archway of the social room without a person and moved up the staircase, stopping and stood in front of the closed door. He loudly knocked on the closed door with a smile and wiggled side to side with his secret and his new dreams.
He would the new king, no, the new emperor of the entire continent, very soon.
The master bedroom door opened.
He exhaled with a huff of disappointment and then smiled with joyous victory, allowing his hidden secret to beam through the nasty obstacle inside the archway with a happy tone. “What are you doing here? Where’s Pelf?”
She was a petite and curvy teen female with a head of long white colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow tinted skin, possessing a loud and rebellious demeanor for a teen. She was a second royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand. Nixie blocked the archway in her birthday suit with a smile, jiggling her big breasts side to side with happiness, slapping a hand between the breasts. “I’m here.”
He reached out and touched her left breast for fun, shoving her nakedness from the archway, entering and stopped a few feet into the room. “I can see that and those. Why are you inside Pelf’s room, Nasty?”
The master bedroom looked like his master bedroom inside his personal sand castle too. The room was squared shaped with three-fourths of each wall covered in tan marble. The upper wall contained a continuous window that showed off the yellow lightning streaks over the beach sans. 
The center of the room held a very large bed that was neatly made in the design of green and blue flowers with a white background. Each side of the bed held a nightstand with personal items on top. The two side walls contained an assortment of tall and short tan marble colored furniture items for clothing and other personal possessions.
She back stepped from the archway with a giggle and slammed the door shut with a smile. It would automatically lock them into the room for her nasty wicked fun, tonight. However, the hand sweat of Pelf could open her own bedroom door within her own sand castle at any moment during the night or day. But Pelf wasn’t here and she wasn’t coming back inside her sand castle before midnight.
Nixie knew why but she wasn’t sharing her secret with Modoc or any other royal. She spun around with a giggle and skipped ahead, slamming her nakedness into the back spine of Modoc, cuddling both arms around his chest. She wiggled side to side and tickled his body with her breasts and her hands with a smile, performing her nasty sex dance.
Modoc parked both hands on his hips with a chuckle and scanned the forward wall, the two side walls, and the bed mattress with a smile, feeling the impact of naked Nixie on his body. The bed was neatly made for use during slumber. So, Pelf had been here and then had left, leaving her sister Nixie inside the room by mistake. He knew why Pelf was not present inside her personal bedroom but he wasn’t sharing that secret with anyone. Modoc also knew why Nixie was here too.
Currently, all the royal teens were seventeen years old and attended the Royal Academy here within the Kingdom of the Sand to complete the royal training sessions. Next week, each royal teen would turn eighteen years old and a few days, the age of marriage and the recognition of the new leader of the Confederation. Thus, a new imperator or new Imperatoress will be selected and become the leader of the Confederation at the dumb age of eighteen years old. The older royal couples would retire from their royal duty, guide their younger royals, and enjoy their royal live until death like their royal parents.
Imperator Kung ruled the Confederation, a powerful position with luxurious benefits of servants, food, slaves, and riches when compared to the other six kingdoms. Each royal desired the juicy role of Imperator or Imperatoress. One time-honored and best garneted method that guaranteed the leadership position to any female was the highest number accumulation of fetuses. 
Yeah, a fetus was a developing and growing baby inside the wound of a princess, who had been fucked by a prince.
The highest number of accumulated fetuses was the sexual creation, coming from a nasty mind of an ancient Imperatoress, who wanted and then achieved the leadership position from centuries ago. The secret had been kept, hidden, and passed down through the centuries among each princess.
Yes, it was both sick and fun for each young royal. Each princess fucked any or all princes during one standard year of the last year at the Royal Academy. This was the reason that all the princesses and princes lived inside an individual sand castle within the Kingdom of the Sand and away from the family unit. All the princesses willingly complied. All princes willingly enjoyed. 
On the day of graduation, Imperator Kung would announce the winner of the leadership position among the older and teen royals, not the populous of the people. The other adult and teen royals accepted the new information with honor and then carried their royal duty in peace and defeat.
Nixie was the second royal within the Kingdom of the Sand, not the first. All the first royals were loved by the populous of the people. Each second and third royal were only eye blink of an eyelash within the populous of the people. Thus, after the Public Presentation to the populous of the people, her sister Pelf would most assuredly be selected by the populous of the people as the first royal within the Kingdom of the Sand to choose her life time mate. Then Pelf would become the new Imperatoress, unless Nixie could win the secret ballot of the highest fetuses among the princesses. 
Nixie had worked diligently, since the first day of the royal session, fucking a prince every night, sometimes twice a night. Tonight, she had invaded her sister’s sand castle and conned Pelf into studying all hours of the evening inside the Royal library of the Royal Academy building for a special role within the royal play which depended upon securing the first selection spot of her chosen mate. Nixie had known that Modoc briefly visited with Pelf, after supper meal and before he retired for the evening inside his personal sand castle. So, Nixie decided to wait and surprise Modoc for a fun night of sex.
Modoc wasn’t really surprised to find Nixie inside the bedroom of her sister Pelf. After each royal session, a princess would scoot around the Assembly Hall and gently slap a designated family colored face patch onto the selected prince for a night of fun fucking inside her sand castle or his sand castle. It was a common and casual activity of the royal training. Each royal participated in the fun fucking and each royal decided which teen to fuck.
Modoc had been slapped with four different face patches over two arms. He had not decided which bitch to visit for a night of hot passion. A royal had to be quick, if the royal desired to fuck a certain princess or prince after the meal time.
Each night, the meal time was spent with the parents of royal and the other royal family members. Some of the royal chatted about business matters. Some of the royal conversed on spying interests. Some of the royals didn’t even talk, only ate.
Inside the Assembly room, after the royal session, Nixie always slapped the familiar lavender colored face patch on the naked arm of Modoc, since the first day of the Royal Academy this year. She had also run around with a giggle and slapped a lavender colored face patch on all the other males for her fun, getting nicknamed, Nasty Nixie. She had fucked each prince numerous times throughout the year.
Modoc couldn’t fuck Pelf, since there was a secret reason behind that teenly decision. Thus, he settled for verbally speaking to her every day, after the meal time inside her sand castle. Tonight, he had hoped to share his new secret with Pelf. But Nixie would do also. Modoc swung around with a nasty smirk and as, his eyelids focused on her big breasts.
Nixie reached down and pulled down his clothes, exposing a wrinkled penis with a frown, sliding both warm hands over his dick, “Awe! You’re no use to me like this. You’re all small and wrinkled like a red earthworm.” She reached up and shoved his chest with a giggle.
“I wanna…” Modoc tumbled backward with a gasp toward the neatly made bed mattress and fell backwards over the soft bedcovers on a back spine with a huff, spreading both legs. His small and wrinkled penis was exposed in the air.
“I wanna give you a gift, darling.” Nixie skipped ahead with a giggle and shook both breasts, jumping onto the bed mattress, crawling over Modoc with a growl of lust. She stopped and lowered both lips, wrapping her mouth around his tiny penis, licking the soft flesh with her tongue.
“I wanna…Uoo!” He exhaled with a huff of pleasure, closing both eyelids, enjoying the warm tongue.
She continued to lick his small wrinkled dick, feeling the muscles within the penis slowly move, shift, and arch, forming a tall useless penis of hot bubbling sperm for her nightly fucking. She reached over and gently touched, massaging his two empty and slightly flat hairy testicles in each hand. The warm massage would relax his mind and help stimulate the hot sperm inside one or both of his balls which would ejaculate, coming from an upright dick.
He continued to rest across the neatly made bed mattress and exhaled with a huff of lust.
She continued to massage each testicle. His left ball hung lower than his right which made her giggle with the tongue on top of his penis. She lifted a face and mouth spit onto the bedcovers. Nixie wasn’t worried about Pelf. Her sister would never see the discolored stains on the bedcovers, tossing the item onto the floor.
He moaned with desire and rowed both extended arms over the bedcovers, enjoying her warm tongue and warmer hands on both testicles. His penis had moved from wrinkling worm into a curved soft human fist.
She leaned down and slobbered over the curved flesh of his penis, rubbing both of his testicles, feeling the heat, smelling her minty breath. She felt his dick pulsating inside her mouth and on her tongue.
He moaned with lust and then bit into his lips, tilting his pelvis toward her mouth, feeling the pleasure
She rolled her tongue around the unfolding flesh of his dick, sliding it all the way down to the back part of the shaft. The head of the shaft continued to shift upward toward the ceiling.
“Uoo…” He moaned with huff of whisper, “Naughty bitch…”
She shifted her tongue and licked the left hairy ball. It was starting to fill with his teenly hot sperm. She moved her tongue back to the long shaft, licking up and down. Then she slid over the left hairy ball, licking and slobbering around the roundness of the testicle.
“Go, bitch….” He moved both arms at the back of head with a goofy smile, feeling lusty pleasure and desire, closing both eyelids and smelled her body sweat.
She continued to suck on the head, moving up and down without her teeth. She desired the sperm. His penis was elongated and tall, full of hot sperm. She released the lips and switched method. She sat back on both kneecaps, firmly stroking a hand up and down over and over again.
His dick was slowly rising with a head of soft bubbles.
Yes, he was almost ready.
Yes, she was ready.
She smiled down at his penis. The head of his penis bubbled with clear pre-cum, throbbing and pulsating with life. His shaft was tall, very still and hard. The left ball was bigger and harder than the right ball. Manly sperm did not come out at the same time from both testicles. Nixie crawled over and stretched out both folded legs over his upright penis with a soft giggle.
Modoc continued to rest over the bedspread with a pair of closed eyelids and a set of soft moans and groans, feeling the tightness between the legs.
Nixie slowly lowered her vagina on top of his head with a grunt of pain. The first contact was the ‘bestest’ and the roughest for both the princess and the prince. She wiggled side to side and slowly sucked up his dick into her pussy with a puff of lust. Then she bounced up and down with vigor.
“Ugh. Uoo…” He grunted in pain.
Nixie continued to bounce up and down without creating an orgasm, since that was not her point of desire with Modoc at the moment. Then his dick ejaculated a set of hot tiny pieces of individual manly sperm into her vagina. She continued to bounce up and down with a smile of victory, absorbing all the tiny sperms inside her vagina.
His heart pounded rapidly. He profusely sweated and sounded with a set of heavy heaving grunts of lust. Some girls thought a blow job to be a love act. Modoc didn’t. It was lust and pleasure for the mouth of another princess over his sweat body.
Nixie felt sexy, naughty and successful. She slid off Modoc. His penis slowly shifted and wiggled side to side, dropping back down into a red colored earthworm again. She back stepped from the bed mattress with a smile and spun around, dashing into the closet, and stopped in front of the hanging long black robe. She reached inside one of the side pockets and jerked out a patch, slapping the patch over her belly button. The belly button displayed the hue of silver and the flicked in the color of pale blue. She softly clapped with a smile at the victory and reached up, jerking down the black robe from the hanging rack, wrapping it around her body. She back stepped from the closet and swung around to see Modoc.
He continued to rest over the bedcovers with a set of moans and groans of lust, slightly shivering, seeing the ceiling with a blinded left eyeball. When the spray of hot sperm exploded out from his penis, his body revolted, temporarily making him weak and defenseless like a newborn kitten. He cleared a throat with a grunt, “I…”
She giggled with a grin and a shout. “I’ll be right back here, Modoc. Then we can fuck, again.” Nixie turned and dashed toward the closed entrance door, slamming the metal with a dirty hand of sperms.
The door opened and then closed shut, locking Modoc inside the bedroom of Pelf.
Nixie soared down the staircase with a smile to the entrance foyer and slammed the entrance door with the same dirty hand of sperm with a giggle, moving ahead into the dark night. This was the reason for an afternoon session of all the academic royal classes. After class, each royal could find a fuck for the evening hours without interrupting the nighttime activity. However, each royal teen had to leave before midnight and return back to his or her sand castle for the morning slumber.
The entrance door closed and locked Nixie out of the sand castle for the night.
Nixie was not worried. Modoc would awake from his short catnap and look for her, standing next to the entrance door also. If he left the sand castle, either one of them could enter, since they did not possess the hand or brow sweat of her sister Pelf.


Delta smooth light blue waters
Hot temperatures with bright white moonlight beams
Tan colored sandy shoreline setting


Nixie rounded the corner of the sand castle and dashed toward the Delta water river, stopping, and stood in the soft sands. She turned a face toward the north and watched for the speed boat. That action wasn’t really necessary. The belly button body patch was still blinking off and on with a pale blue tint. It had activated an alert to the River Rat speed boat for an immediate transport with an afternoon payment of metal karts that had been arranged by her mom Imperatoress Haildrameme.
Nixie could see the set of reddish faint light on the speed boat as it came for her.  She would leave the sandy shores of the Kingdome of the Sand for a little while, making her new fetus safe and sound.
The fast boat quickly circled the water and stopped at the signal of the belly button patch, wobbling side to side near the tan colored sandy shore within the Kingdom of the Sand.
Two of five tall male River Rats jumped out from the carriage of the boat and grabbed both arms of Nixie, quickly lifting her from the brown soil into the air and over the shallow water, gently dropping her down into the rear section of the tiny boat in silence. 
She leaned down and rested over the hard rear seat bench as the pile of stinky dark colored blankets covered her entire body with the simple disguise from any spy.
The boat driver revved the fast engine. The single fast boat jolted into movement and steered down the smooth Delta water underneath the bright moonlight of a hot night with Princess Nixie in the rear seat.


8th hour (early eve)


Pamburg Kingdom
Palace Mountain


Princess Dome setting of Teath
Study room location


On top of the palace mountain, each princess house was shaped like a dome with a set of open space. On the far wall that was built into the side of the mountain, there was a slender door that was made of midnight blue stone. Inside the enclosed square shaped room of solid midnight blue stone, she wore a light colored dress with a pair of naked feet on a long body, a head of amber colored hair, a tone of amber tinted skin, and a pair of amber tinted eyeballs. Teath rested on top of the lounge chair with a smile and stared down each colorful picture of the prince on a naked arm where an arm patch was posed. This chair was made from the soft hair of the mountain wildlife. She didn’t wear a face patch, since academic classes had finished for the late afternoon along with the suppertime meal. It was nighttime. She smiled down at the arm patch and slowly clicked through each picture of the same royal teen prince. “He is very handsome and looks like my father, a younger version.” This was her favorite spot inside her princess suite. The room was completed enclosed in black colored stone, wearing on the four walls, the ceiling, and the floor. She could think or ponder away the day.
A yellow tinted bright light appeared on the side wall of dark blue stone, growing into a lavender shape of prettiness and intrigue.
Her eyeballs were dizzy from the bright light. Her eardrums heard a set of soft faint music. Her eyeballs saw a lavender shape that danced upon the midnight blue colored stone wall inside her study room of her princess house. She reached up and grabbed her temples with a gasp, falling over and dropped down from the soft furry chair, landing on top of the hard floor with a loud grunt. Her body heated like fire and sweated with water that came from the bright light. Her mind was dreaming this nightmare.
The bright light expanded and morphed into a soft lavender color that contained a wiggling upright figure and as, the face of the wiggling upright figure smiled into the room with a loud shout of soprano timber. “Get up from the floor, princess. I can’t see your face and your body.”
“What?” Teath stood upright from the floor with a gasp and slowly strolled ahead, stopping, and stood in front of the side wall of midnight dark blue color with a confused brow. The bright rays of the lavender light blinked her eyelashes open and shut until her eyeballs adjusted to the upright ghostly figure. She gasped in fear. “What? Where am I?”
The lavender figure of young female laughed. “You are inside your room, sweetheart.”
Teath gasped at the glowing figure of lavender. “Who are you, miss?”
The lavender figure, a female glowed and as, her mouth moved with a smile. “Do I look a little familiar within your perfect eyesight?”
Teath studied the young girl with a stern face on the wall inside the study room. “Hmm, you look young, maybe about eighteen years old. You possess a head of long red colored hair, a tone of pale white skin, and a pair of light green eyes. I have never seen you in my life, lady. How did you get into room? Why are you glowing? What are you?”
“I am in the space that is known as Aetherland…”
“Another land…”
“This is Aetherland, a space between life and death, a place between the planet and the stars. I am an Aether life form right now inside Aetherland and inside your princess room. Does that address your many queries?”
“No.”
The lavender light glowed and raced across more of the stone wall, illuminating the dark room into more light, and as the figure with a smile down at Teath. “I am your mother.”
Teath coughed and then gagged with a sour frown. “That is very hard to prove to me. You don’t look like me. I don’t look like you. Why is that?”
“You are a smart teen, my daughter. Your name is Teath. Your mother is Queen Shemerry. Your father is King Conic. You have numerous sister princesses with matching amber hair, skin, and eyeballs. You all live inside the Pamburg Kingdom which is secured behind a set of glittering crystal gates and surrounded by a set of mountains on the southwestern side and a body of water on the northeastern side.”
“Okay, you know my name. You know my father. You know my world. Who are you? Where am I? Why am I here?”
“I am your mother. I birthed you, an infant daughter sixteenth years ago. This is the precise moment of your birth, coming out from my stomach, without touching your little infant body. You were immediately handed to your nurse maid or royal Nan. Then, the next second later inside my private chamber, I was murdered by your royal nurse warrior or your Nan. This is the ritual custom for each princess of the Pamburg dynasty.”
Teath gasped. “I don’t believe you.”
“After our chat, you can go and ask your nurse maid, if you dare. Each nurse maid is named the same with a math number behind the noun for distinction like a wild and vicious animal. You were the eighth princess born on this day. Thus, your nurse maid is named royal Nan number eight. Am I correct?”
Teath gasped. “I was the eighth princess born on this day. You’re a spy.” She swirled in a completed circle to face the door and then return back to face the figure with a sneer. “I’m leaving from here. Wait, this is my room. You need to leave from the wall and outta of my study room, before I do something.”
“Something is going to happen, my daughter. I am here to warn you, Teath.”
“Why should I believe a ghost, a spirit, a soul?”
“I am not a ghost. I am between life and death.” The lavender glowing figure of a woman smiled down at the teen. “You are a stubborn teen. I am so thankful for that.”
She frowned. “You are glowing in lavender tint. Why is that?”
The lavender figure frowned. “Hmm, really! I don’t know the answer to that inquiry.”
Teath frowned. “What are you, lavender figure of a young girl?”
“I am your mother. You are my daughter.”
 Teath back stepped with a gasp and raised both arms in the air with fright, running backward from the lavender ghost with a worried brow. “What the fudge? Am I dead? Did I die? I am. Am I inside the after-light like you, too?” She looked down to see her naked amber colored legs and wiggling toes on her naked feet with a puzzled brow. “I am not glowing in white or pink or purple.” She looked up with a puzzled brow to see the lavender figure. “Why is that if I am inside the after-light also?”
“You are not dead, my daughter. You are my live and breathing daughter. You are a Forger, a special kin.”
Teath exhaled. “Dead mother, I am not trying to be difficult, since you’re a ghost and all.”
“I am an Aether life.”
“A talking and drifting spirit, soul, ghost, thing…”
“Okay, all right,” the dead mother of Teath frowned. “I have come here to give you a very important message.”
“Fine, spit it out, dead mother!”
“You are going to perform the princess the walk, tomorrow morning.”
Teath shook her amber colored curls with a sour frown at the glowing lavender figure on the stone wall. “I don’t think so, dead mother. There is this fantastic dance with all the royal princes, tomorrow morning. Then the princesses and the princes split apart to think about my future royal husband within the Pamburg Kingdom. Then each one of my sisters performs the princess walk, tomorrow night.”
“No.” The dead mother of Teath frowned. “Within the princess walk, there is mighty danger.”
She rolled both eyeballs and stared at the lavender figure on the stone wall with a sour frown. “What kind of mighty and great danger? How many mighty and great dangerous objects? Who is the mighty and great dangerous person? Can I object or pass or sleep in late?”
“You are a numb.”
She frowned. “You are not helping with the name calling, dead mother.”
“Do not wear your most glamour gown!”
“I can’t do that. I don’t wanna do that, dead mother.”
“Do not wear your face patch!”
She frowned. “Ugh! I’m supposed to always wear the face patch. I don’t know if I can obey that rule, dead mother.”
“Where is your face patch right now?”
She lifted both hands and slapped both cheekbones. “Okay, fine, yeah, all right…”
“Some of the familiar royal Nans will not be seen tomorrow, maybe one of yours. Do not be alarmed.”
She frowned. “Why?”
The dead mother of Teath exhaled. “It is part of the princess walk. You may also see a set of unfamiliar royal Nans which is part of the princess walk…”
“Okay, I got it. There are new and old royal Nans. Why do I care? I don’t. I’m going to do the princess walk, tomorrow morning, instead of the afternoon. Woo-woo! Then I’ll be the new queen in the morning to start my reign and my rules,” Teath laughed.
The dead mother of Teath frowned. “No, you will not.”
She frowned. “You are really busting my bubble ego, dead mother. So why not?”
“Listen to me, my daughter! The princess walk is danger, dangerous, and deadly. I am present here to warn you. I am sharing all my knowledge to warn you. When you are present with the other sister princess, you must act normal, without revealing this shared information and alerting the others.”
“I dunno. I’m a sister with other sisters. I was always taught to share all my toys and my information like a…”
“Silence!” The dead mother of Teath exhaled with a smirk. “My time and my information are both limited here with you, Teath. I can’t tell you why. However, you will find and figure out the why, very swiftly, tomorrow morning.”
“Why are you here, again? Why are you warning me, now? Why? Why?”
“I love you, daughter. I don’t get to spend my adult days with you as your real mother. However, in this life form of Aether, I can spend a short period of time with you, right now.”
“Okay, I can feel and understand your dead motherly wants, desires, and urges as a dead mother ghost. I guess. So how long do you stay tonight and for what purpose?”
“Your purpose is the same as mine. You are a Forger, a special kin. I am a Forger, too. However, you are a baby Forger with talents, lacking a set of proper training skills. I am allowed to train you for a short period of time.”
“So how long can you train me as this baby Forger? Why is this all important?”
The dead mother of Teath exhaled with a smirk. “I can’t tell you, but you will find and figure that out very swiftly, tomorrow morning.”
“You are repeating your war cry, dead mother.”
“Silence!” The dead mother of Teath smiled with a nod. “I am very pleased that you are stubborn. You will live longer.”
She gasped. “What? Am I to die, soonest or somethingest?”
“Teath, you are very young at only sixteen years old. You will have many, many more years to live with my assistance. Please listen and heed my wise motherly advice. No gown. No face patch. Act normal. Stay alert.”
“Got it, dead mother! Do you have anything else to tattle? Before I go to bed and worry, maybe wet the bed sheets from more anticipated fright.”
The dead mother of Teath laughed. “I like your sense of humor which comes from your biological father.”
She nodded with a grin. “Yeah, the king has a great sense of humor, too. What else have you forgotten?”
“Hmm, what else have I forgotten? Nothing else! I am finished with your first of many lessons as a growing baby Forger.”
She tossed both arms into the air with a puzzled brow. “Wait! Okay. You tell me not to wear a long gown, but I’m supposed to wear a long princess gown for the princess walk. So what do I wear, a naked birthday suit? I don’t think any of the royal Nans will like that bare presentation.” She laughed with a smile. “I might get kicked out of the princess house and out of the princess league, not become the next queen of Pamburg.”
“Hmm, that is a very good inquiry. Wear your battle gear!”
She gasped with a smile. “Really, I should wear my battle gear, but I’m not going into battle. There is no battle. I read my ancient history. There hasn’t been a battle with a foe for thousands of years. Why do I wear my battle gear, dead mother?”
“I am so pleased. You are well versed.” The dead mother of Teath smirked. “You think not?”
She gasped with a worried brow. “Dead mother, you’re really getting me scared of my own shadow, now.”
“You should fear every set of dark shadows. This is an important lesson to learn here.”
She gasped with a worried brow. “What?”
“Wear your battle gear over your naked body. Then you need to create and design a fake princess ankle-length gown that would fool the seriously minded royal Nan. I can assure you that all the royal Nans are both serious and slick. You can cut up one of your lighter weighted princess gowns and thread a set of loose sewing string in the same fabric color over both the collar bones. Then the princess gown will be like real but really be fake.”
She frowned, “Why would I wanna wear a real, but fake princess gown inside the princess walk?”
The dead mother of Teath smirked, “For your successful escape, of course!”
“What?”
“And do not wear a set of spiked high heels underneath your fake princess gown or a set of sandals with a set of strips over each ankle bone. Wear a set of flat sandals that can be left behind or tossed away quickly and quietly.”
She gasped. “Why? You are really scaring me. I feel frightened and faint.”
“You are not faint. But I am fading.” The lavender figure of the woman was slowly morphing from the pastel tint lavender into the color of bright yellow. Her face and her body became a ball of blurry yellowish-lavender. “My lavender is turning into yellow. The color change means that I must go and leave you, Teath. I love you, my daughter. Please obey all my words.” The yellow color slowly decreased and turned into a circle. The circle became smaller and smaller and then disappeared. The midnight blue stone wall returned.
Teath stood in the darkness with a gasp and a worried heat. “I got work to do.” She reached down and slapped the arm band. The light shined up and around from the arm band illuminating some of the dark room for a footpath. She moved ahead toward the closed door, reaching out, slapped the stone.
The door slid sideways and opened, revealing the moonlight into her princess dome.
Teath exited into the princess dome with a stern face and a worried heart with new princess duty.


10th hour (late eve)


Sand castle location of seventeen-year-old Triddie
Third royal princess Kingdom of the Lakes


Princess suite setting
Hot temperatures, bright stars, streaks of lightning bolts of yellow


The door was opened by one of the guards into her personal unit on the second floor of the private sand castle building. The second and third royal teens lived inside a two story building, where the first born royal teens lounged inside a three story building for some reason.
Triddie winked with a smile at the cute guard and flipped a hand with a giggle, entering the suite, waving off the group of personal servants with a smile too.
Each yellow tinted skin tone and a white haired servant nodded in silence, dashing ahead through the open archway, retiring from their job duty for the night.
The door closed shut by the same guard with a soft thump.
Triddie moved ahead with a smile of happiness, enjoying the royal treatment and accommodation inside the luxurious and warm sand castle tower house of sparkling tan and beige colors. Her royal apartment suite held two levels, since she was only the third royal child of Count Zorachina and Count Quinastine, the royal couple of the Kingdom of the Lakes.
She lifted the mauve colored knee length dress hem and tossed her leg up into the air, pitching off each spiked heel shoe from an arching foot arch. Each shoe flew in the air, across the room, and landed down onto the hard floor with a set of two loud thuds. Triddie lifted the dress hem from the waist and wiggled out of the fancy ball gown.
Back home, on the royal barge within the Kingdom of the Lakes, she lived on top of the smooth flowing river water inside her own house. The house was one story of dried moss with a section of separate rooms for eating, bathing, and sleeping, except her house was lonely and dark without a warm body of comfort and kisses.
Within the Kingdom of the Lakes, the fresh water river was feed by an array of numerous streams from all the various fresh lakes that resided on top of the snow-capped mountains. The snow-capped mountains resided within the Kingdom of the Snow. The numerous streams twisted and curved down each mountain side, coming together and creating a long placid greenish-black murky fresh water river with single offshoots of narrow fresh water avenues that led into an individual fresh water lake. Each fresh water lake housed an individual river village of small barges that held and worked all the natives of the Kingdom of the Lakes.
Her mother and her father lived and worked on the largest royal barge, dropping down and pulling up nets of fresh seafood on a daily and nightly basis when they were not visiting with the other royals inside the sand castle tower. The tubs of seafood produce were exchanged for various products that ran the river kingdom and in turn, the tubs of seafood fed the growing populous of each individual kingdom also.
She stopped and stood in front of the long food table, pulling up the dress from her body, tossing it into the air, too. The dress floated upward toward the high ceiling that exposed the yellow roaming clouds and illuminated the numerous yellow colored lightning bolts. She reached out and touched the grapes, pulling the sweet and cold food into her mouth, chewing with a grin. She enjoyed the cold foods and warm air within the Kingdom of the Sand, feeling like a real princess.
The Kingdom of the Sand represented the leadership of the Confederation.
Triddie was jealous of the two sister princesses Pelf and Nixie, who had grown up from a tiny infant into a pretty teen in a life of luxury and glamour here at the sand castle. Triddie had received and wore a new sparkling fancy ball gown every day like the sister princesses while attending the Royal Academy to learn a set of lady manners as a princess.
Back home, she dressed in a set of protective cool and heavy body gear, consisting of a wide hat over the bone skull, an apron over her naked chest and naked arms, a pair of body boots that reduced some of the spray of ice cold water, coming from the river over a body while catching the seafood. Every day since the age of ten years old, her princess duty had been to toss out several fishing nets and then drag all them back into her personal barge for the seafood catch like the rest of the natives. Her entire life had been river fishing for her dinner and the dinners of her natives. Without the produce of seafood items, her family and her natives would not starve, but live within the cool darkness of the river bank.
Each barge required electronic parts for lamps, for cooking appliances, for everything that made life on the cold river barely bearable.
She chewed the cool fruit and reached down, touching each nipple with care, moving both hands over an ample body. The river females were very tall and strong, possessing a set of large bones which in turn created a pair of large breasts on each female. Her body was toned with tight and thick muscles and tinted in pink hue of color. Her body was completely hairless, including her bone skull and eyebrows. The cold water of the river sprayed up and clung onto any organic matter, making the body colder than the river temperature.
For eons, each native of the Kingdom of the Lakes had shaved off all the hair from the body for working and surviving the cold mornings and the colder nights. Over the centuries, the genetic genes had made a river body that contained a small amount of blonde colored body hair around both armpits and the legs, requiring to be shaved each night.
Triddie giggled from herself touching of both warm hands with a grin, lifting both arms into the air, twirling in a complete circle with a laugh. “I love being a princess. And I have learned to be a very good princess here at the Royal Academy. And here, I will stay and rule as the new queen of Sand, too.” She stopped the twirl and stood in place with a smile, and as her eyelashes darted to the walls.
Within each sand castle suite, the four square shaped walls were built of half solid sand crystals of tan and beige and a half glass window to see the roaming lightning bolts.
Triddie didn’t understand the weird design of the walls at first, after arriving here within the Kingdom of the Sand at the age of fourteen years old. But she did now. Throughout the years, she enjoyed watching the lightning bolts, resting inside her bed mattress. The bed frame was elevated from the floor and allowed her to enjoy the artist display throughout the night with sweet delight.
Next week, she would turn eighteen years old and decide which prince to marry and then live happily afterwards.
Each lightning bolt created a yellow colored pattern of images to Triddie. The image looked like a crouching tiger that was stalking the pretty prey for the nighttime meal. The skyline was black and the time was nighttime.
Triddie didn’t understand why all the silly classes at the Royal Academy were held in the afternoon and until the early dusk of the evening. But she did now.
She back stepped from the food table and spun around to face the side wall, where the bath suite resided. She needed to shave away the gross and disgusting hair from both armpits and between the legs, presenting a cleaned and perfumed body for Exmore tonight, strolling like a princess toward the room.
The first prince of the Kingdom of the Wind had secretly visited her princess suite every night since she was fourteen for a fun night of sex. The love factor came much later.
Exmore was the second royal child of the Kingdom of the Wind. He would not inherit a throne chair but a dance company as a new young, slender, energetic, and handsome dancer. Every single native knew that the first princess of the Kingdom of the Wind always married another dancer or another artist or anther writer, keeping all the gifted talent confided within the windy and damp forestland of the kingdom. This ritual had been maintained for centuries.
However, Exmore dreamed of much more. He didn’t want to become a dance or an artist or a writer. He wanted to become the next Marques and desired Triddie to become his Marquee. Then, they would rule the Kingdom of the Wind and create major change within the dancers, the artists, and writers which would create greatly power of the Kingdom of the Wind.
Intelligence always overcame any adversity.
His sister first royal Princess Ovilla was madly in love with the first royal Prince Modoc of the Kingdom of the Land. She desired to marry him and ran far away from her native lands. Else, Ovilla would inherit the throne chair and become the head dance queen to entertain the other lands and the populous.
Exmore knew the secret wish of his sister Ovilla when she whined and nagged about each dance lesson in front of her mother in public, but to her brother in private. Thus, Exmore was more than happy to assist that his sister Ovilla marry Modoc, riding the royal bloodline and preparing for his kingship which had never occurred for centuries.
The destiny for third child royal Princess Triddie offered no hope or warmth, either. She was the third royal child of Countess and Count.
The children of the Kingdom of the Lakes always marry each child from the Kingdom of the Snow, creating a long term bond of both nations. Both kingdoms resided on the opposite side of Kingdom of the Sand and across the Delta, making the bond logical and convenience.
The Delta was a large body of water that flowed, coming north down into the warm southern region of the Great Ocean. It would have been an excellent transport system for servicing goods and people, except for the nasty and annoying River Rats.
The River Rats were a group of orphaned or abandoned or trouble children or teens that grow up and reproduced another set of baby River Rats. The River Rats original came from the various kingdoms within the Confederation centuries ago that didn’t like to follow any of the royal rules or regulations. They lived inside a single and long mismatched and cobbled metal ship that was three stories tall. Inside the ship, there thrived a city of individual rooms and compartments for eating, sleeping, and maintaining the ship. The most remarkable feature of the River Rats was a small fleet of tiny fast boats that were made from mismatched and cobbled together metal components, too. The fast boat carried three or four individual River Rats and a set of firing weapons. The weapons were fired at each airship that passed over the waters of the Delta, sometimes with very good accuracy.
The River Rats never harmed the drowning airship, always releasing the people to swim toward the shore or die within the salt waters from the Delta sea mammals that liked to eat too. But the drowning airship was always savaged for parts and the metal.
Every nation had to make a living.
Since the River Rats patrolled the Delta waters by sunlight and moonlight, it was impossible for any airship to safely travel back and forth from each kingdom. Thus, the Kingdom of the Lakes, the Kingdom of the Fire, and the Kingdom of the Snow were sorta cut off and isolated from the rest of the fun within the Confederation.
The three kingdoms of Lakes, Fire, and Snow did provide and greatly contribute to the growing economy of the Confederation and selected to set up a secret alliance with the River Rats.
The alliance was very simple, a cart of metal components, a wagon of seafood, or a cart of ice to cross over the water into one of the kingdoms to deliver the other carts of merchandise. Sometimes, there was an exchange of blood in the form of a sold princess or a prince to the River Rats. The alliance had lasted for numerous years without the submission of a cart of goodies to cross the Delta.
Triddie had learned about the last alliance from her lover Exmore. Exmore had learned about selling a princess or a prince to the River Rats from his mother when he was a small child while executing a misbehaving taunt. In which, he had never forgotten that scary lesson.
Since Triddie was the third royal child, her royal status within the Kingdom of the Lakes was useless for any first prince. Her brother, first prince Ferron would inherit the royal barge, continue the alliance with the River Rats, and feed the rest of the populous without her voice, her face, and her body.
Her brother first royal Prince Ferron would select, announce, and marry first royal Princess Kamela of the Kingdom of the Snow during the Time of Recognition.
Triddie didn’t care and would not interfere with her brother Ferron and his selection. She was only interested in her personal royal hide along with her lover Exmore. Exmore had planned a brilliant plot to ensure growth, prosperity, and wealth within the Kingdom of the Wind. And she wanted to live in a warm spot and eat cool grapes, every day.


Bath suite setting


The square room glowed from the magical tan and beige sand crystals without an illuminated lamp. In the middle of the room, there was a standing floor tub which could hold four long bodies of six feet and a few inches. She was six feet and a few inches, fitting nicely down into the depths of the bath tub. She stopped and sat down over the wide tub ledge leaning down and tapped the water with a hand and a smile. The water was steamy and heated for her semi-dirty body.
The servants within the Kingdom of the Sand were a set of good obedience and nicely quiet workers, making a princess feel like a real princess.
The bath water was perfect feeling.
Triddie stood upright and climbed over into the steamy water with a giggle. The water held an assortment of flora body scents, scattered loose colorful flower petals, and tons of blue tinted bubbles which Triddie had ordered as her royal bath command, every night. She dunked the entire body, including her bald hair down into the deep tub with a sigh, feeling heated and secure with a closed mouth, holding a breath.
Her bathroom on the princess river barge held a small container of hot water for bathing. Triddie would have to soap up her body first and then rinse off with the cold water from the pipes to clean a body second. The final step was the small container of hot water. She would release the lever, allowing the hot water to flow over a cold body, feeling temporary warmth. Within an eyelash blink, her body was cold again.
Her bald skull and a pair of closed eyelashes emerged from the hot water and between the steam clouds and as, she opened her eyelashes with a gasp at the tall stranger inside the bathing hall. “Who are you? What are you doing here? This is my princess suite. I am the royal of the Kingdom of the Lakes.”
“Are you my child?” The stranger stood at the edge of the bath tub, wearing a face mask of gold. The face mask held a drawing that showed a pair of outlined eye sockets with a single solid black eyeball. Two straight black tinted lines represented a pair of nose holes within the golden background. There was a set of closed lips that were outlined in rich black also over the golden metal. The stranger was tall and dressed in a golden colored body gear with a tunic and a pair of trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching golden colored boots, holding a light stick of yellow hues in a right hand.
Triddie tossed an arm into the air from the water as the flowers lifted from the water and landed down onto the wet floor. She sneered with a sour frown. “Get out! How did you get inside with my personal guard unit outside?” Her arms splashed back down into the water and as, she frowned. “Of course, I sent the guard unit away from my princess suite for the evening. Look! You need to leave from here, before I cause major trouble on your butthole, sir. I am a princess…”
“Are you my child?” The stranger continued to stand at the edge of the bath tub, wearing a face mask of gold, holding the light stick of yellow hues.
Triddie lifted upward and then splashed both arms back down into the bubble water with a grin and a smile. “O. I get it. Exmore sent you to me for the evening. He is such a dear to think and entertain me before his arrival this evening. Hmm, I don’t know the proper response to that particular question. But I do know that his father likes to write and invent a set of new fairy tales. I like your uniform, thou. The gold glitters inside the moonlight from the glass windows.”
“Are you my child?” The stranger continued to stand at the edge of the bath, wearing a face mask of gold, holding the light stick of yellow hues.
“Hmm! Is this a new play from Marques? I can’t guess the new storybook fictional character. Are you a really bad villain or a very good knight?” She giggled with a grin. “You look like a soldier of fortune or unfortunate. Is that golden colored armor gear heated and hot on your body?”
“Are you my child?” The stranger continued to stand at the edge of the bath, wearing a face mask of gold, holding the light stick of yellow hues.
She gasped. “O no! Does this mean that Exmore is not coming over for the night? I’m so greatly disappointed. Well, I guess one night of lost passion will not dent my heart.” She lifted in the air and then slapped down both arms with a sad face. “However, I don’t understand.”
“Are you my child?” The stranger continued to stand at the edge of the bath, wearing a face mask of gold, holding the light stick of yellow hues.
She frowned. “I meant that I don’t understand. Exmore said that he wanted to fill as many bottles as possible. So, I am confused with his decision not to come to my suite, tonight.”
“Are you my child?” The stranger continued to stand at the edge of the bath, wearing a face mask of gold, holding the light stick of yellow hues.
She giggled. “Well, I’m disappointed that Exmore is not coming. And I don’t know how to address that question.  I don’t know which is the correct answer, a yes or a no.”
“Are you my child?” The stranger continued to stand at the edge of the bath, wearing a face mask of gold, holding the light stick of yellow hues.
She giggled with a smile. “I know how to address that silly question without answering it. I want you to turn around and go back to Exmore and tell him this. Maybe…”
The stranger moved ahead and stopped, standing over the bath tub and her bone skull, slapping down a gloved hand on top of her pink colored skull.
Triddie submerged completely underneath the steamy hot water, flinging both arms and both legs into the air. She reached up and slapped both hands on the naked arm of muscles, holding her breathe without screaming in panic. She could feel the warm water invade both nose holes. Her lungs pained with the release of stale oxygen. Her eyeballs burned from the flora perfume inside the bath tub. She continued to slap both hands at the single arm of muscle that held down her bald head underneath the bath bubbles. Her mouth parted open from the lung pain. The hot water quickly invaded the mouth, traveling down through the esophagus, and landed down into both lungs and inside the nose holes. She sucked in the water and tried to yell for help, flinging both arms and both legs into the air. She gagged and coughed without spitting out the water. The water flooded her stomach, her lungs, her esophagus, and her mouth.
The naked arm continued to hold down and press down the bald skull into the bath bubble. 
Triddie could not yell for help. Then the water bubbled back out from her open mouth. Her arms and her legs dropped down and back down into the water.
The naked arm continued to hold and press down the bald pink tinted skull into the bath bubble, and as the voice of the stranger whispered for the eardrums only. “Alas! You are not my child.” He lifted the naked hand into the air, flinging off the bubbles, the flowers, and the water. Her body sunk deeper down into the bubbles of blue, without moving. He back stepped and spun around, hiding the disappointment inside the face mask, moving ahead through the open door and exited her princess suite in silence.


11th hour (late eve)


Sand castle location of seventeen-year-old Pio
First royal princess of the Kingdom of the Fire

Princess suite setting


She stirred from the short nap after sex, blinking both eyelashes open, seeing the bright flashes of continuous lightning bolts through the glass panes and remembered her fun time with a smile. She lifted her body from the soft pillow and then leaned over into his chest, lowering her lips, blowing across the naked chest with a giggle.
He stirred from the short slumber after sex with a grunt, blinking both eyelids open, seeing the lightning bolts near the ceiling and remembered his good time with a grin. “Pio…”
“Vantrey, you must leave my room before the twelfth hour of midnight. That is the rule. Or we both will face disqualification, tonight.”
“Yes, yes, I remember.” He sat back and folded at a fit waist, leaning against the cool wall with a smile, wiping off a face and rolled sideways, standing upright nude and exposed in front of her. He leaned down and kissed her lips, pulling back with a smile. “I will return tomorrow night for another…”
“I will see you in class tomorrow afternoon.” She rolled sideways and stood upright, leaning her nakedness into his nude with a giggle. “Get your clothes and get away now! It is passed by the eleventh hour.”
He back stepped from her body and her smile, tripping over the pile of clothing and stopped, leaning down, dressing in the trousers without the boots. He is the first royal prince of the Kingdom of the Sun. Each male native only dressed in a pair of trousers with an exposed chest of tattoos. Each Sun female wore a single straight band cloth around both breasts with a pair of pants. He cuddled the boots into the chest with a silly grin at his girl Pio.
She leaned into his chest with a giggle and kissed his chin with a smile, turning and moved toward the closed door with a grin and stopped, opening the door with a smile. “Sleep well, my prince!”
“Good night, my princess!” Vantrey leaned over and kissed her scarred bone skull one more time, pulling back with a grin and turned, jogging out the door and moved down the staircase, heading back into his sand castle for sleep.
She watched his back spine disappear down the stairs and gently closed the door shut, swinging around, moving ahead toward the dressing table, and then stopped, standing in front of the drawer. She reached out and grabbed the handle, shoving the compartment to the side. The small and dark hole revealed a set of small patches. She reached inside and grabbed one single patch, slapping it on the top of her naked bell button and watched for a few second.
The patch lighted up and then flashed in the color of blue.
Pio was pregnant with a fetus from her lover Vantrey. Modern technology was amazing. The patch was similar to the face and the hand patch but it read, translated, and transmitted information from the womb of the female into the metal strip on top of the stomach. When the belly button patch lighted and flashed, the girl was pregnancy. The color was blue indicating a boy. She smiled down at the belly button patch and reached out, grabbing the black hooded cape, wrapping it around her naked body without bothering to change into clothing. She swung around with happiness and moved ahead to the closed door, reaching out for the door knob. The door opened. She dashed down the staircase and exited the sand castle, peeking around the corner for any guards or persons. The night air was heated. The vicinity was clear.


Shoreline of the Delta waters


She wore the provided black hooded cape, a gift from her father. The hooded cape hid her face and her body. Pio swiftly moved ahead from the entrance door of her sand castle, traveling over the sands of the beach and stood on the edge of the water. She understood the half walls inside each sand castle now. The only method another royal teen could spy on her was by standing inside the Assembly Hall that over looked the Delta waters. The rest of the sand castle entrance doors faced the opposite direction from the water. If a person wanted to spy, the person must stroll around the rear of the sand building and stand in front of the solid wall in plain eyesight.
The ancestors of Imperator Kung were very clever and very deceptive in maintaining their kingdom and the control over the Confederation. However, that was about to change.
The belly button patch also relayed a message to the River Rats for a water transport.
The fast boat quickly circled the water and stopped at the signal of the belly button patch, wobbling side to side near the sandy shore. Two of the male River Rats jumped out from the carriage of the boat and grabbed both arms of Pio, quickly lifting her from the sand and over the water, gently dropping her down into the tiny boat in silence.
She leaned down and rested over the hard rear seat as the pile of stinky blankets covered her body with the simple disguise.
The fast boat jolted into swift movement and steered down the Delta water underneath the white moonlight of a hot night with Pio inside the rear seat.



Pamburg Kingdom

Home of King Conic and Queen Shemerry

Crystal Entrance Gate
Midnight of blackness with bright stars and bright moonlight


The tiny fast boat slowed and stopped over the smooth water, wobbling side to side in front of the closed seam that split open a set of two gigantic gates that guarded the Pamburg Kingdom.
The captain of the boat stood upright from the pilot seat and reached out, tapping on the small speaker box of glittering crystal that led into the control room of Pamburg. The speaker box was a one-way communication device. The River Rat never heard a voice, coming back from the Pamburg controller of the gleaming crystal made entrance gates. He smiled with a laugh into the speaker box. “Lit my fire!”


Prince House location
7th floor level
Interior control room setting


The young Pamburg squire stared with a confused brow at the glass screen that showed the glittering rear side of the crystal made closed gates. “What does that sentence structure mean? I have never heard that phrase.”
The older Pamburg squire smiled at the screen that showed the glittering rear side of the crystal gates. “It is the secret signal that one of the River Rats carries one of the royal princesses inside that tiny sea craft over the Delta. This particular one is a princess from the Kingdom of the Fire. He doesn’t have to announce her name. He only has to use the description of the word inside a vocal sentence.”
“What is a princess from the Confederation doing here? We are not part of the Confederation. We have nothing to do with the Confederation.”
“He’s new,” the second older Pamburg squire leaned over and slapped the collar bone of the younger squire with a laugh. “Open the gate!”
The younger squire turned and frowned at the glass screen that showed the rear view of the sparkling two gates of colored crystals underneath the bright moonlight that led into the entrance of the Pamburg Kingdom. “It’s nighttime here. I thought only a single hand print from the fourteen royal princes could open both the gates into the city of Pamburg. And each royal prince is asleep or inside the princely compartment for the evening.”
“It is an open palm of the right hand from any Pamburg squire. Squires, get into position!” The older Pamburg squire sat inside the chair at the control console next to the younger squire with a grin and held up a right open palm with a chuckle near a jaw line, turning with a smile to see the other thirteen squires. 
The other squires moved ahead and sat down into a chair at the long control console, lifting and held an open palm of the right hand beside a smile, nodding to the head squire.
The young squire turned side to side to see each other squire and copied the hand motion, lifting, and held an open palm of the right hand beside a sour frown.
The older Pamburg squire smiled at the nose profile of the younger squire. “Lower the hand at the same time. Press all five digits into the molded caste with all your strength. The caste will click when the mechanics have been released. We wait until there are fourteen clicks of each mechanics. Then the two gates will slowly part open. You keep the palm inside the caste mold. If one palm is lifted, the gate will stop. However, if two or more palms are lifted, the gate will slowly close back and smash the boat, killing the people between the long and heavy crystal panels of each gate. The gate is too heavy for an escape within the whirling waters.” He lowered an open palm down into the hand mold and pressed hard into the smooth metal, hearing the single tiny click. He looked up with a smile to see each palm. All the other palms from the thirteen squires, each one dropped down and smashed down into the hand mold. He heard the round of individual clicks.
Both gates started to move with a set of soft squeals inside the water. The River Rat fast boat captain back stepped and sat back down into the pilot chair, jerking the gears sideways, sliding the boat away from the parting gates and watched.
Both gates slowly swung inward, creating tiny whirlpools within the water. The moonlight made each crystal panel dance in an array of pretty colored hues. The gates continued to open toward a parallel position.
The River Rat shifted the gears and turned the boat to point toward the empty space between the gates, sailing ahead with fast speed, missing the edges of the gates, and steered through the swampy water that contained the gators and the snakes, moving toward the same building with a different princess.
On the screen, both gates slowly parted and exposed the mountain view of the Pamburg Kingdom underneath the moonlight. 
Inside the control room, the other squires stood from the chair and moved ahead the room, strolled to another console for checking or exited the room for food.
The young squire sat inside the chair at the control console and stared with a confused brow at the glass screen, seeing the boat. “Who is that? Where are they going? What are they doing here?” He gasped. “That little speed boat, it has disappeared from the control screen. What are they doing here at midnight?”
The older Pamburg squire sat at the console in the middle of the room with a smile and turned with a grin to see the nose profile of the younger squire. “What’s your squire number, son?”
The young squire stared at the screen with a puzzled brow. “My name is…”
“A name is not used here for any squire inside the control room or throughout the gate house, where all the fourteen royal princes play and stay. I am Squire Number Fifty-six. You will address me as Squire Number Fifty-six. I have been assigned to work here at the control room and oversee the royal princes, too.  What is your assigned number, young squire?” The older Pamburg squire sat on the other side of the younger squire with a smile and monitored the controls. “That is a River Rat fast boat.”
The younger squire continued to search the glass screen for the tiny boat with a sigh. “I am assigned Squire Number Thirty-nine.”
The older squire nodded with a smile at the nose profile of the younger squire. “Welcome, Squire Number Thirty-nine to the gate house.”
Squire Number Thirty-nine wore a head of shoulder length amber colored head, a tone of amber tinted skin, a face of amber colored whiskers, a pair of amber colored eyeballs, and a black colored uniform of a solid tunic with a matching pair of trousers that were tucked into a pair of polished knee boots. He exhaled with a huff of defeat and annoyance, staring at the glass screen. “I admit that I am not happy to be here. I just lost…”
Squire Number Fifty-six nodded with a stern face to the younger male. “We have all lost. It is our duty or our life.”
Squire Number Thirty-nine turned with a gasp to see the tired eyeballs and wrinkled eye sockets of the older squire. “What does that mean?”
He exhaled. “You will learn much here at the gate house, every day. There is too much to tattle that I don’t know where to start.”
Squire Number Thirty-nine narrowed both eyelids with a sour frown at the older squire. “I don’t understand. What are you talking about?”
“Things are not what they seem.”
“That makes no sense. I have seen you, the tiny boat, and the gates. I actually remembered the gates from eighteen years ago when I was…”
“Say it! You need to purge it from your guts and your mind. Or you will be useless around here. And I must warn that useless is not tolerated or allowed.”
Squire Number Thirty-nine turned and stared at the familiar black colored room of smooth crystal. “I was here eighteen years old or more. I was one…”
…of the fourteen royal princes of the Pamburg Kingdom. And I was a royal prince, some thirty plus years ago. Now, I am known as Squire Number Fifty-six.”
He gasped. “What?”
“Do I not look like you, young squire? I possess the same color hair, skin tone, and eyeballs. Did you notice within the village that no one else looked like you?”
He frowned with a sad face. “My son did. I had a family. My family was killed but me. Our house caught fire when I was teaching the class…”
“Your son did not favor your appearance. Your daughter did not appear like you, either. You were not the father of those children. Your family was murdered by the other squires yesterday, so you could live here today.”
Squire Number Thirty-nine stood upright with a sneer and launched both hands at the older squire. The other older squires stood around the younger squire and reached out, grabbing the arms and the waist of Squire Number Thirty-nine, holding the young male in place from a deadly kill.
The older squire continued to sit inside the chair with a stern face and a nod. “Sit down, son! I understand. The other older squires murdered my family took over thirty plus years ago.”
“Why? What for? What did I do?”
“You were selected as a royal prince.”
“I was born as a royal prince. Eighteen years ago, my brother became the king of Pamburg.  He is King Conic.”
“He is not your brother.”
He frowned. “What does that mean?”
“Like I mentioned before, there is too much to tattle. But I will try to summarize here. Or you will never get any sleep tonight. Look around this room! This is the control room that controls the twin gates that keeps out an invader or a set of invaders outside the Pamburg Kingdom. But really look around the room for a second time!”
Squire Number Thirty-nine turned with a stern face and stared at the familiar black tinted solid walls, the familiar glass screen of the outside gates and river, and then each unfamiliar squire. However, each squire possessed a head of cropped amber colored head with a strand of gray, a tone of amber tinted skin, a face of amber colored wrinkles, a pair of tired amber colored eyeballs, and a shiny black colored uniform of a solid tunic with a matching pair of trousers that were tucked into a pair of polished knee boots. He turned and gasped back to the older squire. “We all look alike.”
“We are not alike.”
He frowned. “You keep saying that. What does that mean that we are not alike?”
“Eighteen years ago, you entered the prince walk at the age of eighteen. You survived but failed or rejected or did not choose to be the next king of Pamburg.”
He nodded with a stern face. “Yes, I entered the prince walk and survived the terror, and rejected the offer as the king. But my brother Conic decided to be the next king. He is still the king here.”
“He is not your brother.”
He frowned. “Why do you keep saying that?”
“Each royal prince is genetically altered with the colors of amber skin tone, hair strands, and eyeballs. Our appearance is based on the very first Pamburg king.”
He exhaled. “I am genetically altered. No one bothered to tell me that.”
“I am telling you, now. An egg and the sperm mate, producing a fetus. The fetus is taken out from the biological mother and then it is genetically altered within the skin tissue, the hair strands, and the eye pupils into the hue of amber, a golden reddish color. Thus, the fetus is placed and grows up, and emerges from a bottle, you are a royal price.”
He lifted both palms in the air with a confused brow. “Wait! I was told by my squire that I was a royal prince with a set of thirteen brothers. We all were the sons of the king and the queen of Pamburg Kingdom. We all grow up as a set of brothers, fighting, playing, and goofing around. We all lived here within the gate house since birth until the prince walk at the age of eighteen years.”
“Yes, you were told that. Did you notice that the other thirteen brothers were not exactly duplicates of your height, your weight, your muscle tone, your personality, your intelligence?”
He frowned. “Maybe…”
“You did. You didn’t bother to acknowledge it, since you were young and only eighteen years old. Each royal prince came from a different fetus which came from a different male and a different female.”
“Wait, I am getting really confused. I am a royal baby from the royal queen mother and the royal king father. And I survived the prince walk to be denoted down to a squire, because of my failure.”
“No, that is not correct. The king is impotent. He can’t produce a child or an heir or a squeeze an orange into a cup of orange juice,” the older squire laughed with the other squires.
The young squire hissed, “No, I don’t believe you.”
“I am telling the truth. The king is impotent. His dick shoots out blanks into the vagina of any whore female, the queen mother, or a virgin girl. The genetic alternation of the fetus into the amber waves of colors has caused the sperm pocket of the king to die. He looks good but can’t please a butterfly,” laughing.
The young squire gasped. “No, my brother King Conic produced a set of fourteen princes and fourteen princesses. That can’t be correct. You are a liar. You are wrong, old squire.”
The older squire smiled. “The news is worser.”
“Worser?”
“You, I, and every male inside this room have been genetically altered, also. And we are all impotent, firing out blanks from each dick into our lovely married wife. We can’t produce a child.”
He snarled. “No.”
“Yes, when you finished the prince walk and survived…” the older squire exhaled. “Do you realize that some of the princes do not survive?”
He frowned. “Yes, I clearly recall the screams of death.”
“When you survived the prince walk and declined the kingship, you were taken away from the Pamburg mountain palace and settled into one of the many villages.”
“Yes, I was re-settled into an academic environment, teaching school to the young children. I enjoyed the task and then I met someone and married. I had two children who had been brutally murdered by you…”
“Each rejected royal prince, who is genetically altered, is relocated from the gate house within one of the many villages. Each royal prince meets and marries a young woman. Each royal prince is given two children to rear. Is that your life?”
“Yes.”
“It was my life, his life, and your life. Then something terrible happens. There is a fire, an explosion, a hunting accident, or a tractor accident at your home. The family is wiped out and killed. Is that your life?”
He softly mumbled. “Yes.”
“However, it is not true. It is false.”
He exhaled. “Look, this is very hard to swallow, much harder to believe.”
“You will believe this part. That speed boat with the princess from one of the other kingdoms is pregnant with a fetus. The fetus is going to be removed from her vagina and then placed into a clear bottle. The bottle is heated or incubated until it grows into a full size baby. Then the baby is placed with a rejected royal prince within one of the many villages to rear until a lovely adult. This is your life and my life.”
“No.”
“Yes, I have told you and repeated to your eardrums and your closed mind that the king is impotent. You are impotent. The rest of the males inside this room are impotent, too. I am impotent. Thus, our babies come from the princesses that are impregnated and refused the child. The entire Pamburg natives are rejects from the other princesses within the Confederation. Each one of us does not know our real mother or our real father. Thus, each native is indirectly a princess or a prince in real life, a couple of generations removed. Within the Pamburg dynasty, the king is selected to rule based on an ancient and old custom, the prince walk.”
He exhaled. “I don’t believe. I can’t believe it. I lived a lie, a dream, a nightmare.”
“Your children did not favor you with the amber hair or the amber eyeballs. The children were dancers or artists or writers, since you were settled to live within the artist village.”
He smiled with a nod. “Yes, my son was an artist. His hand drawings were beautiful, elegant, incredible gifted. My daughter was a dancer. But you murdered her, too.”
“No, the sixteen-year-old female is alive and well. The ten-year-old body is alive and well, too. And your wife has remarried to another male, yesterday. She might her own a child, also.”
“No.”
“Yes, you are impotent. You are not the father. Your wife was not the true mother, either. Those two talented and beautiful children were selected and given to both of you to rise as your own children. You did not create the children.”
He exhaled. “Even if, I didn’t create these children, they lived with me, since birth. I cared and protected and acted as their pseudo father. Why take that all away from me? I was very happy.”
“I understand. I experienced the same happiness and sadness in one day. Now, you are dead to them, your old family. You were inside the house that exploded into bright fires. They were someplace else. This is the way of the Pamburg dynasty. The king and the queen will not harm the real natives. The real natives are the real people that provide and produce food crops, sew clothes, build houses, educate the populous of Pamburg, and construct these silly face patches that the other kingdoms use. However, you are still a fake royal prince of Pamburg like me. Thus, you have a new duty to the queen and the king. The princess walk commences tomorrow morning.”
He exhaled with a sour frown and a nod at the screen, “The king, who is not my brother. The king, who is not kin to any of the older or younger or baby princes. I remember that the prince walk comes in the afternoon.”
“Yes, there will a new gang of baby princes within eight months after the king and the queen have been selected tomorrow from the group of fourteen princes and fourteen princesses. Your new duty is to help raise the fourteen new bratty royal males.”
He frowned with a nod. “All right! I believe you and your fantastic storyline. I am here as living proof of that fascinating fairy tale. Tell me where are the fourteen royal fetuses of the new batch of princes coming from? You told me that the king is impotent which means that the batch of young eighteen-year-old males here inside the gate house can’t produce an heir. So, where are the fetuses coming from?”
“That princess and a few more like her…”
He gasped. “What? How is that all possible?”
“There is a squat and protected building between the gator nests and the snake pits, where the speed boat is fast enough to avoid the wildlife dangers. Inside that building, there is a science laboratory that holds, monitors, and grows all the fetuses inside a clear and heated bottle.”
He frowned. “I have never heard of that building or that laboratory.”
“And you have never heard of that building or that laboratory, either.”
He nodded with a stern face, “Yeah.”
“When each royal princess and each royal prince is fully grown within the bottle, the royal babes will be coming here to the gate house. The princesses will remain inside the princess house. You have become an experienced father during your short married life of eighteen years. Now, you will be assigned a royal brat as a new father. I hope that you take your royal squire duty seriously. I must warn and caution that the new king, who will be selected tomorrow, does not know about the genetically alternation process or the impotence issue within his own body until the babies are teenagers. Thus, the new and inexperienced king will not be afraid to use a violent punishment or a death kill regarding an innocent royal babe.”
He nodded with a smile. “I do not want to feel a death kill. I was a very good father. I will become another very good father. The babes are the innocent party here. So, where are the rest of my fake brothers? I assume that we get to raise the new batch of fourteen brats by fourteen brothers.”
The older squire nodded with a smile. “You are very perceptive, Squire Number Thirty-nine. Yes, the accidents are occurring right now with your other fake brothers. We will be flying each one up here one at a time, talking with him individually like you. Sometimes, the brother does not want to cooperate with his new royal duty. Thus, the gates become convenience.”
He nodded with a stern face to the older squire. “Understood! How long is my royal squire duty to long beside the next eighteen years of my life?”
“That is a very good question, squire. You will stay until the next prince walk, eighteen years from now. You can elect to stay another eighteen years like me. The squires have found it useful when some of the older ones hang around the gate house. Or you can be re-settled back into a different village. I am afraid that you will not be sent to your old homestead.”
“Of course not…”
“Have I addressed all your immediate questions? We usually take the nightshift while the non-mature and non-responsible young princes take the dayshift, starting at pre-teens which will be twelve years from now. So, we will be seeing more of each other.”
He nodded with a stern face of duty. “You have broken the bottle and bust the pipes. I do believe that I completely understand my new royal duty to the new king and queen of Pamburg.”
The older squire stood upright from the chair with a smile. “Excellent, Squire Number Thirty-nine! I would like for you to stay and explain the situation to each brother in a few minutes. I do believe that each one would come to better terms, if someone else was recognized within the old group of royal brothers.”
He nodded with a smile. “I would be happy to stay and explain my position to each brother.”
The older squire turned to the side and moved toward the door with a smile. “Excellent! I enjoy cooperation. Now, please excuse me. We are meeting some of the brothers at the landing dock. Then we will all come back here and talk. Please monitor the gates. Both the gates will remain open until the fast boat is left our fair mountain within the hour. There is no alarm. And there is a refreshment table. Please enjoy.”
The door opened.
All the squires exited the control room to assist with the new group of older brothers, leaving the younger squire inside the room.
The door closed.
Squire Number Thirty-nine snarled at the closed door with a whisper for his eardrums only. “No, I will enjoy my capture. Yes, I will survive for a second time, again.” He turned and stared into the monitor screen with a smile and a whisper. “I have learned too much new information, tonight. I have learned that the heir to the Pamburg throne chair is not King Conic, who is also not my brother. But the old squire said that our appearance is based on the first Pamburg king. Who could that be? He would be the true heir of the mountain kingdom. Yes, I will stay and use the next eighteen years to find out the real prince of Pamburg. After all, I am not related to the king, the queen, and the other thirteen fake brother princes that are my age of thirty-six years old. So I might be the royal heir to the throne chair of Pamburg Kingdom and I will prove it.”


Science building white crystal stone
Swamp bank and moonlight with bright stars
Laboratory hallway
Interior setting


The fast boat sailed down the narrow bank of fresh water, cutting side to side over the gator nests with ease.
Princess Pio remained hidden underneath the blankets for safety and disguise. Her father Baron Vetepurr paid three carts of metal components to the River Rats for the water transport into the Pamburg Kingdom, sailing toward the science building in secret. She was temporarily under the care of the captain of the River Rats. He wisely protected her through the nightly journey in silence.
The boat twisted side to side through the familiar swamp and slowed the pace, steering over the shallow water, and then halted, parking the small boat beside a low walking pier which was in front of a squat building of white crystal. The crystals were dug out from the local mountain mines that were located within the southwestern side of the Pamburg Kingdom.
The captain continued to stand upright at the steering wheel and shifted the gears into park while the princess did her business inside the crystal looking building. “We have arrived.”
Pio flipped up the rows of blankets from a sweaty face and a worried heart, standing upright inside the floor of the boat with a deep sigh. She hated the transport of the fast boat, sailing through the water. Her inners were flip flipping with nausea. Of course, it could be the new fetus, too.
The same two males stood upright from the side seats between Pio and reached out, gently grabbing both her arms, and lifted her up from the boat floor and down onto the walking pier in silence and respect.
She slowly strolled ahead toward the entrance door of the squat crystal building as the moonlight shined down over her black hooded cape. She dared not reveal her person in case of spies. Pio stopped and stood in front of a solid silver metal door. Each metal component had been painstakingly created and constructed by her father and her natives, but the door was the design of the brilliant Pamburg engineers and scientists. She resented the fact that the Pamburg king was provided the product directly from the Kingdom of the Fire, without payment or blood or sacrifice.
However, there was no payment system within the Confederation, only barter or trade of goods or services. The Pamburg king never negotiated only commanded to each kingdom of the Confederation.
In front of the silver metal door of the science building, she flipped open the black cape and revealed the front of a naked body. The belly button patch flashed on and off in the color of pale blue. The tiny flash communicated an electronic signal into the metal door for entrance.
The door slid open in silence.
Pio closed the cape around her nakedness and entered with a stern face in silence. She was helping to create a new dynasty for her father and her people of the Kingdom of the Fire.
The Kingdom of the Sand had ruled the Confederation lands far too long. Imperator King was greedy and boring. It was time for new management, starting next week, after the announcement of the new leadership.
She strolled down an empty warm hallway toward the rear wall. The interior and exterior building was made of white crystal, keeping the floors and the wall heated and beautifully gleaming during the middle of the night. Along the long hallway, there was a series of closed doors on each side of the wall. Pio was not curiosity about the work inside each closed door of the science building, only concerned about her health and the welfare of the child.
She approached the single door on the rear wall and stopped, standing in front of a second metal door, and opened the long cape, revealing a naked body again. Her belly button patch still flashed in blue colors. The door slid opened in silence. Pio entered the room with a stern face and a worried heart.


Laboratory room setting


The door slid closed in silence behind the hemline of the long black cape of Pio.
The room was a narrow rectangle shape without a single viewing window to the outside. The walls, the floor, and the ceiling were made of solid white crystals that glittered as a set illuminated lightning, making the room cheery and bright.
Pio didn’t feel cheery but worried.
There were not any type cute or ugly decorations on the walls, either. In the middle of the room there was a long table that was mounted onto the floor. The rectangular table was made of solid white crystal minerals also that glowed within her eyeballs, calling a person toward the center of the room. The room was heated rather than chilled.
Pio was slightly sweating inside the heavy hooded cape, moving ahead toward the table.
On the side of the table, there was a smaller table that resembled a nightstand furniture piece without a lamp or a decorative object on top. The table was located at her feet, not her hands. She stopped and climbed on top of the table, wiggling into the rear end body mold inside the table surface. Her heavy body weight activated the mechanics inside the table.
The edge of the table shifted sideways and moved forward, extending upright a pair of crooked metal objects that were shaped like a sideways letter V. Each metal object stood on the edge of the table, looking crooked and bent. A matching pair of individual cupped stirrup extended outward on the tip of the bent metal.
Pio knew what to do, since she had done numerous times before. She flipped the cape open, allowing the ends to drape over the table and puddle down over the floor, revealing a naked body with a flashing belly button patch. She lifted both legs high into the air. The heel of each foot pushed forward through the air and hit, pressing into each cupped stirrup. She heard the two soft clicks. Her body was locked down and into the table caste. The two stirrups clung to her naked feet like soft warmed glue. She exposed her nakedness within the glittering and heated room.
The room door slid opened for a second time.
Two persons entered that were dressed in a set of clothing in the color of orange, the Kingdom of the Fire theme color. The clothing covered the entire body, but the eyeballs. The two persons stopped and stood at the end of the modified table. One of the persons stared into the face of Pio with a set of wrinkled and aged eye socket inside the face mask. “Good evening, Princess. This is a pleasant surprise today. You have honored us with your presence twice in one day.”
“Get on with the procedure, bitch! I don’t have time to waste.” Pio leaned back with a lady growl and wiggled her ass deeper down into the body caste, closing her eyelashes. The extraction procedure didn’t take long, only embarrassing as she was a princess, not a slave.
The eyeballs of the wrinkled and aged eye sockets said inside the face mask. “Very well! You know the procedure. I will explain as I walk through each step. You are positioned inside the examination table. Good. You are unclothed. Good.” She lifted and held a horseshoe shaped object that was made of solid black stone between both hands at the lips of the vagina of Pio, slightly shaking the stone side to side. A tiny beam of black ray emerged and soared toward the vagina of Pio. “I am inserting the crystal ray through the lips of your vagina.”
“Uoo!” Pio softly moaned from the warm heat of the ray as it hit the tender flapping skin of her vagina. She could feel the ray traveling through her uterus, warm and slow.
The Pamburg person said. “The fetus extraction method is both safe and friendly without any risk to the health of the mom or the baby and without any type of medication. The black ray of non-bright light has successfully fired, coming from the stone, and entered through the open vagina of your body, zooming through your body and toward the fetus with great care. The black light surrounds the healthy growing fetus protecting the developing eyeballs and eardrums from the loud sounds of the real world. Then the black light slowly cuts into the placenta sac that holds all the fluids, food, and oxygen for the growing little fetus. Now, the black beam has gently surrounded and stored the fetus and your placenta sac into the wave, moving backward, coming back toward the stone.” The black beam slowly exited from the vagina of Pio.
“Uoo.” Pio softly grunted, feeling a thick lump of tissue matter that came out the lips of her vagina in shock as it exited from her body.
The Pamburg person said within the face mask. “You will not experience any type of sick nausea, stomach cramping, mouth vomiting or vagina bleeding which would cause any type of emotion distress, young princess.” The black beam retracted and stored inside the horseshoe shaped stone. The person slowly swung to the side table, leaning the stone device of over the white crystal surface. The top slid open. A single platform emerged up from the depths of the table and halted in the air, holding a large transparence jar. She guided the glowing fetus between the peeks of the black rays toward the opening of the jar, gently lowering the fetus down into the jar. The stone released the fetus and the placenta sac down into the jar. The jar slowly closed and sealed. The platform retrieved down into the side table. The table surface closed shut. “The black beam has expelled the tiny human and the placenta sac out from your uterus. Now, both the live fetus and healthy placenta sac is safely stored into a glass jar. You make leave us, now, princess.” The wrinkled skin around the tired amber eyeballs of the older Pamburg lady smiled behind the face mask of bright orange. “Thank you for your visit, Princess.”
Pio did not bother to rewrap her nakedness in front of the two servants of the Pamburg Kingdom, since Pio was a princess and above them. She slid off the examination table and strolled toward the metal door in silence with a smile. She had successfully extracted another fetus into her accumulated tally. Her father would be most pleased. Her lover Vantrey didn’t know about the girly princess competition. It was a hand-down secret from mother to daughter. 
She shuffled ahead in silence and exited from the laboratory room, swiftly strolling down the hallway toward the entrance door, leaving the Pamburg Kingdom for a new day. She always felt lightheaded from the fetus extraction process and weak and sleepy, wanting a warm bed of comfort. However, she had contributed twice today toward the more heated bottle of fetuses. She was certain that the Kingdom of the Fire was leading the royal teen competition.
The winner of the competition will rule the Confederation for centuries to come.
Imperator Kung would be most surprised. 
Pio and her father had planned their conquest and their revenge, very well.
The door slid closed inside the laboratory room.


Interior laboratory setting


The second person did not speak but watched the medical procedure and the princess. She was a younger Pamburg lady with a set of non-wrinkled eye sockets, following and staring at the rear cape of the princess, watching the door shut. She sneered at the metal door. “Why do you bow down to the princess whore? We are more royal.”
The older Pamburg lady with a set of gray strands and a face of old wrinkles inside the face mask pressed a button that cleaned the examination table, saying with a sneered to the younger Pamburg lady. “We were more royal. We, now, are the former and failed princesses of Pamburg.”
The younger Pamburg lady without the non-wrinkled eye sockets turned with a sour frown and scanned the medical room that smelled like a set of burning candles. “I figured that out on my own when I arrived here. What is this place? Why is the Confederation princess here? Why am I here inside the science building and inside a science laboratory?”
The older Pamburg lady finished cleaning the examination table for the next princess, swinging around with a sour frown inside the face mask of orange with a sour tone. “Your aptitude and attitude must cease and disappear, right now, Lady Number Six. Or I promise that you will.”
She turned and gasped at the orange colored face mask of the older Pamburg lady. “You dare to insult me?”
“I dare to correct you which I will be doing for a long, long time. I would think that your personality would have mellowed over the last eighteen years. I admit, after my terrible experience within the princess walk, I came out a changed teenager.”
She gasped. “I was horrified and changed. Then I was taken away from the palace mountain and dumped inside of the numerous colonies.”
“I was a nurse maid to one of the new batches of little babies, thirty-six years ago. After completing that royal service, I was brought here to learn about science. I have learned a lot. All women are cunts. A girl is born with two million eggs. At the first bleeding, she has 400,000 eggs left. After that point, she loses 1,000 eggs per month. Some of the eggs are bad. Some of the eggs die off. Some of the eggs are fertilized by a set of hot sperm coming from her lover. As for a Confederation princess, each fertilized egg is located here within this room.”
The Pamburg lady slowly spun around with a gasp and stared at each wall of solid white crystals. “So, this is the famous genetics laboratory of the Pamburg Kingdom that I had heard silly rumors about from the other women within the village.”
“Yes, this is the true place of real rumors.” She spun around with a smile to see each wall of white crystal that didn’t offer a visual clue to the secret laboratory of Pamburg.


Wall of Fetuses setting


The older Pamburg lady turned away from the examination table and moved ahead to the side wall of white crystal material and stopped with a grin, standing in front of a solid wall. “This is an enclosed, non-accessible, and hidden larger room where all the fetuses are held until maturity.” She reached over and touched a flush part of the wall, where the hidden wall switch stood. The side wall illuminated and revealed a second interior door within the color of white crystals. “Now, we will enter the next room one at a time which will show some more. You will see.” She reached up and slammed the metal door.
The door opened.
She entered first and stopped, standing in front of a transparence wall with a smile.
Lady Number Six followed behind the back spine of the older Pamburg woman and stopped, standing next to the older lady with a gasp, looking through the glass wall at the objects. “There are hundreds and hundreds of bottled tiny fetuses.”
“Yes, each princess from a particular kingdom is marked by the neutral and non-descriptive letter, such like, A or B or D or Z or Y.”
The younger lady scanned the entire room and stared at each table. “Hmm, there is the Kingdom of the Sand and the Sun. Both those kingdoms start with the letter S,” gasping. “I don’t see the letter S.”
The older lady smirked with a nod. “You will not. Each table is marked with a non-descript letter that is not associated with the name of the kingdom. It is done to prevent tampering by a jealous or crazy Pamburg scientist or a paid enemy of the Confederate spy. Even I do not know which table belongs to the Kingdom of the Sand. The computer handles and marks all the bottles based on the blood that drips down into the body mold, coming from each princess. Then the computer drops the bottled fetus down through the nightstand opening and wheels it over the convey belt and upward into the appropriate table inside the sterile environment. The bottle of the fetus stays there until maturity into a fully developed baby.”
She frowned. “How is that possible? A baby needs food from the mother to grow.”
“The clear jar is specifically designed to feed internal fetus. Inside each jar, the mom’s placenta tissues are re-generated over and over, again, feeding a continuous string of fluids, oxygen, and nutrients into the fetus. The fetus will grow into a full sized baby. I promise. You can clearly see. Some of the bottles are tinted in a color. Blue represents a boy.”
She gasped. “We can determine the sex birth so fast and so accurately from a little tiny fetus that is only a couple of hours old.”
The older Pamburg lady smiled inside the face mask of orange. “Yes, our science is remarkable. The pink tints represent a little female.”
She narrowed her sharp eyeballs with a confused brow at some of the bottles. “I see a red tint, too.”
“These are the dead fetuses.”
“Dead?”
“Sometimes, the fetus is not viable.”
She gasped. “We killed the child.”
“No, we would never harm a living entity. Our scientific extraction method is gently and warming. It is better than a mother’s touch. The black beam is safe and friendly to the baby tissue. When each fetus is gently extracted from the womb of the princess, it is alive. Else, the belly button patch would not be flashing in a color of blue or pink, after the sex ritual. However, once the fetus is removed from the womb, it is placed inside a bottle with the mother’s jelly or placenta sac and in there it sometimes dies. The coloring light around the jelly will turn into a slightly red hue. Then the crystals will illuminate the red hue into a brighter tone.”
“Does the princess know about the fetus dead?”
“No, no one is allowed back here to view the tables and the fetuses.”
“What happens to the dead fetuses?”
The older lady exhaled. “Each table belongs to the princess. The table belongs to her and all the fetuses are her babies, if you wish.”
She gasped. “I understand the extraction process. I understand the tables. I understand the incubation procedure. I don’t understand the reason for so many fetuses. What is the purpose here? Why are we visited by a princess that is pregnancy by mere hours with a child?”
“A princess competition.”
She gasped, “A princess competition of what?”
“Within the Confederation, the princess who possesses the most bottles of fetuses will become the new ruler of the Confederation.”
She gasped. “This is pure madness. That girl was very young looking.”
“Princess Pio, who will be seen again, is on the verge of being eighteen years old, next week. She was conceived and reared inside a bottle like me and you. The conception process is very safe and very effective from our point of view.”
She stared with a gasp at each table of fetuses. “Princess Pio is coming back.”
“She will be back here inside the science building and on top of that table with a new fetus for another extraction process, tomorrow night or the night after.” The older lady chuckled.
She gasped. “This process is pure madness. A fetus is conceived when a man and a woman fuck. Are you telling me that Princess Pio will fuck a new male and created a new fetus, tomorrow night?”
“To add to your scientific knowledge, young Pamburg lady, once the fetus is formed, the womb of the new mother is closed off. The new mother cannot conceive a second fetus unlike a queen cat. A queen female cat can be fucked by numerous male tomcats, producing a litter of numerous newborn kittens with different colors, patterned strips, hair lengths, and other cat-like features.
“A woman is fucked and the egg is made. The single egg contains the unique features of that particular baby. Once the extraction process occurs, the crystal beam gently removes the viable fetus from the womb of the new mother. Then the woman can conceive again within hours, if fucked immediately. Usually, the extracted woman feels tired and weak from the extraction process. So the fucking of new male or the same male is done on the next night evening. Hence, the competition…”
She gasped. “Unbelievable.”
“Believe it? This room of fetus tables is the seeing proof.”
She exhaled. “So, each princess will ride down the Delta waters from her kingdom inside a speed boat with one of the River Rats and come here into the science building. Then we will extract the fetus and load it into the bottle. The bottle will drop down and be marked as her baby. Then the bottle of the develop baby will be stored and grown here.”
“You catch on very quickly, Lady Number Six. Did you come from the Village of the Artists? I find the Village of the Artists to be both brilliant and fun.”
“No, I came from the Village of the Mineral and Metals. I had lived and assisted there inside the building while creating and building each silly face or hand patch, where the other kingdoms purchase, use, and spy on each other.”
“Ah, our pride and joy of the science! The creation of the face patch was an accident.”
“What is the story behind the accident?”
“I do not know the specific details.”
“Why not?”
The older lady exhaled. “I really did not inquire about the process of the silly face and hand patches, since the natives of Pamburg did not use them for any reason. However, our villages and our natives profit greatly from the genius invention. The Confederation provides the Pamburg natives with clothing for wearing, food for eating, books for education, metal components for the equipment and the airships and other things.”
“Where did you hear that the Confederation provide and gives food and…”
The older lady waved a gloved hand of orange and slapped the face mask with a yawn. “You are young. I have visited each village. Each village is very prosperity with all the products from the Confederation. Anyways, I was too stunned after seeing the tables of fetuses, when I was first assigned at the science building. I was like you, young lady. Then I had also learned that each princess was born from a bottle like that, too.”
“What? You’re joshing me.”
“No, each baby comes from a bottle that has been extracted b the black stones. The black stone is only mined here within Pamburg Kingdom from a mine high up into the mountain.”
“So, I came out from a bottle.”
“Like me and my princess sisters. Like you and your princess sisters…”
She gasped. “So, I was genetically altered to possess amber skin, hair, and eyeballs that will never be changed.” She exhaled with a nod. “Now, I understand. I had been pondering for years. The genetic process caused me to become barren, without children. Now, I find out that my other twelve dead sister princesses were not my real sister. Thus, the fourteenth sister who has become the queen of Pamburg is not my real sister, either,” gasping. “Queen Shemerry is barren, too. She must be like me. We are the same age. She can’t produce an egg. She doesn’t even have one single egg to fertilize for a baby. The eggs are used up during the stage of old age. However, her eggs are burnt and toasted.”
The older lady nodded with a smile. “You catch on very quickly. I can see why the wise elders at the Village of Metals assigned you to assist me.”
She gasped. “That means that my mother was not a queen either. She had to be barren like you, me, Queen Shemerry. So where did you come from? Where did I come from?”
The older Pamburg lady turned and stared through the glass window without a smile or an answer. “We are not really allowed back here into the secretly hidden room, either. But we are the scientists that monitor the room, the table, and the fetuses. We will check on each table every morning, every afternoon, and every evening to ensure that the room is heated and incubated. It is really a precaution. The Pamburg science building has been hatching bottled fetuses for centuries. But we are always overprotective.”
She turned and gasped back into the room with all the tables of fetuses. “What would happen if the room is not heated?”
“All the fetuses would die immediately from the cold air flow. A fetus lives within the mother’s womb for a reason, such like, heat, food, blood, and safety.”
She gasped. “This entire method is barbaric, inhuman, and insane.”
“This is the Confederation.”
“For once, I’m glad that I was born inside Pamburg Kingdom.”
The older lady turned and frowned inside the face mask at the younger lady, “Really?”
The younger lady turned and smiled inside the face mask at the old woman, “Really!”
“It was seen that all the past and present Pamburg kings and queens possess their own fun form of barbarian inhuman methods for their natives as well. You have learned that a princess is genetically altered. I look like you in appearance but older with the graying amber hair, wrinkled old skin and tired eyeballs. However, like you, I am barren without any eggs at the age of eighteen. I am approaching sixty years old. I don’t have children or a child to care for me. Thus, I will retire and go back to one of the villages to…”
“So, right now, we are a set of two old maidens here inside the science building until the fetuses mature. How long do they stay here with us?”
She turned and smiled at the fetuses. “We are the mothers to all the bottles of developing and growing fetuses until it time to assign a new mother.” The older Pamburg lady yawned within the face mask. “It is a new day, a few minutes after midnight. It is time bed. The young princesses will not return until the evening around seven or eight.”
The young Pamburg lady gasped. “Wait, that’s completely insane. Each princess will come back here at seven in the evening. Then each princess will see each other. Do you have a set of guards for our protection? If this is indeed competition, I could get hurt.”
“There are not any guards within the Pamburg Kingdom.”
“Yes, there are guards. Each prince and princess is a trained guard. We are all trained to defend ourselves…”
“We are trained with a shaft for fun. We do not possess any enemies. The world is at peace.”
“The Confederation doesn’t seem peaceful to me. So, how do we deal with more than one princess?”
The older lady laughed. “We do not. The belly button patch is a smart device here. It identifies when there is a viable fetus inside a female and then it creates a blocking signal into the main computer for any other fetus identification signals. One signal is sent to the River Rats ship for a single transportation. We do not want the princess transported on the same speed boat, either. The River Rats could get harmed.”
“I don’t understand. The belly button patch is that smart.”
“It is nothing more than a computer devise with a singular purpose to contact the computer for a single pickup. Once the signal has been sent into the main frame, the computer locks the signal and blocks all the other signals, coming from the other belly button patches with communication. Thus, only one princess can enter the science building and then complete the fetus extraction process. Once the fetus has been safely removed and placed inside a jar inside this room, then the computer will unblock the communication band. Then the second princess will come into the science building for the same medical procedure.”
“I don’t understand. The belly button patch determines which princess comes into the science building.”
“The princess determines which princess comes here. The first princess to fuck her prince and create a new fetus, then slaps on a belly button patch over her stomach, she will be transported into the science building next based on the electronic communication band. Sometimes, the young lovers fuck several times for fun, before the princess accesses the belly button patch to see if there is a fetus.”
“But some of the princesses are smarter than that. Since I can see that there are a few tables that contain over two hundred or more bottles of fetuses.”
“Yes, the princess competition starts and ends within one calendar year. So theoretically, one princess could have three hundred or more bottles, one per night. And yes, the competition is stiff and dangerous. Some of the princesses are running in a dead heat.” She laughed. “Forgive my pun!”
She frowned inside the face mask. “But Princess Pio came two times today, this afternoon and this evening.”
“Yes, it is possible. Once we extract the fetus, the uterus is undamaged to produce a second fetus, after a healthy fucking with a batch of good sperm. It is similar to birthing a baby the first time. When the baby leaves the birth canal, the new mother can conceive a second child at any time. Pio came this afternoon. We collected her first fetus. Then she fucked her prince this evening and produced a second fetus. We removed the second fetus, a few minutes ago. Both are safe inside their cute little jars, growing.”
She gasped. “Then Pio could go back and fuck her prince for a third time, producing a third fetus tonight.”
“No, the princess competition ends every night at midnight. But Pio is a smart girl. She, somehow, corralled her prince during the afternoon for fun sex, creating a fetus. That is not a common method but a sneaky one. She is one of the girls running in dead heat for first place or spot or whatever.”
She laughed. “This really is a fucking competition to see who produces a baby first. Hmm! Why isn’t there the same number of bottled fetuses on each table? If the princess can fuck every night, I would think that each table would be exactly the same number.”
The older Pamburg woman exhaled. “Sometimes, there is no baby after a fucking act. Sometimes, the fetus dies within the wound of the new mom for some unexplained reason. Most of the time, the first princess to activate the belly button patch will come first into the science building. If two princesses slap on a belly button patch at the same time, then the communication band of the electronic beam to hit the computer screen first will signal a pickup. Then the second princess must wait until the blocked signal clears. Then the second princess will receive a blinking pink or blue signal and can come into the science building for the extraction process.”
“Does anyone of the princesses know about that specific process?”
“No, if the belly button patch doesn’t blink in a faint color tone, then a princess has learned that there is not a fetus inside her wound. So she will fuck it and try again.” She laughed.
The younger lady gasped. “But there really is a fetus inside her wound, right?”
“Yes.”
Then, the fetus will become damaged during a second fucking process.”
She exhaled. “No, the growing fetus is securely attached inside the wound of the new mother, unless there is a barbaric procedure with a nasty knife or a blunt sharp instrument that kills the fetus and removes all the sliced body parts from the vagina of the new mother.”
“Who would do such a terrible and horrible barbaric medical procedure to an unborn innocent fetus?”
“No one here within the Pamburg Kingdom would ever do that. We cherish all life forms.”
She smiled. “That’s good to hear. Do any of these stored and monitored bottled fetuses become genetically altered for any reason by the mother princess?”
“No, they stay inside their clear bottle until mama comes and collects them. Then, the fetus extract procedure starts next year at the beginning of the Royal Academy classes. Well, I’m tired. It is very late. You need to rest too. Tomorrow, it will be another exciting day with the Confederation princesses.” She spun around to face the open archway and halted with a stern face behind the face mask. “O. You need to close the door with a naked hand. The metal door only recognizes sweat from each person. My sweat is recorded now. You need to touch the metal on the door. Then the secret door will open for you to inspect the tables later this morning. Good night, Lady Number Six.” She moved ahead and exited from the secret room, moving through the examination room toward the single door, leaving the laboratory.
She shouted with a sour frown and stared at the moving back spine of the orange medical outfit. “Yes ma’am.” She swung around with a lady growl and a whisper to see the glass wall that contained the jars of newborn fetuses. “That’s good to know. I am a number and not a name. I remembered clearly. When I was dumped down into the native village, after failing my princess walk, nine months later there was a terrible and happy baby boom. I didn’t remember seeing a table of pregnant women either. I was still stunned and shocked that I had failed as a princess to become a common native. But I do have excellent recall. Yeah, a baby boom came exactly nine months after I was taken from the palace mountain as a young eighteen-year-old princess. And all the babies grew up to be a set of excellent young scientists within the village. It was almost like they were birthed or made or altered that way. I couldn’t figure out who the parents were, either. But I know now. All the mysterious and mature babies came from this room.
“The parents were so happy to have a little baby. Some of the natives were severely maimed and scarred from the mining activities. Some of the male and the female were impotent, too. If I was a newly married prince to my princess, I would not raise another man’s baby as my own child. I would kill it or let it starve to death. There are nine tables. But each table is full. There are about two hundred fetuses on each table. That would be about two thousand babies. So, there will be a population explosion nine months from now inside the Pamburg Kingdom. Not if I can help it.” She looked up with a stern face inside the face mask at the walls and the ceiling, whispering for her eardrums only and stared down at each table. “I don’t see any visual or listening devices inside this room. And I don’t know if I trust the older Pamburg lady here at the science building. She lies to me. This is my first day here and she lies. So what else has she lied about? The villages produce their own products of food, clothing, and metals. I should know. I lived and worked inside the Village of Minerals and Metals for eighteen long years. We made each and every metal component from an airship to a refrigerator for food. Some of the natives died while extracting the buried and beautiful crystals and the earth minerals within the mine shafts. Some of the natives are permanently maimed and scarred for life from the smelting process. Thus, the Pamburg kingdom does not exchange any type of produce or product with the Confederation.
Why is she lying to me? Why are we extracting fetuses from each princess of the Confederation? What is the story behind the face and hand patch creation? Why is everything a mystery? No one inside the Village of the Metals knows the real story of the face and hand patch either. Since I was curiosity and I inquired, finding nothing. I do believe that is why I was sent to the science building to close my mouth and open my eyeballs. Well, I’m here. And here, I will stay and learn all the secrets and the truths.” She back stepped from the glass wall and swung around with angry mind, removing the glass, slapped the door closed behind her ass with a whisper. “This is my new boring job to babysit a room of heated bottles. However, I am smarter, old woman. I have learned so much within the first day of my new job at the science building.”
The secret door slowly closed shut.
She moved ahead to the open archway and slammed the metal.
The entrance door closed shut too.


Hallway setting


Pamburg Lady Number Six swiftly dashed down an empty hallway, turning to spy on each closed door with a whisper and a smile, moving into the office space. She spun around and gently closed the door with a smile, swinging around and moved toward the empty office desk, stopping. She stood and rambled through each office desk, finding the object with a giggle and a whisper. “I swear that I would never use a patch for fun or entertainment or information. Some of the workers within the Village of the Minerals and Metals enjoyed stealing a box of them and used the fun colorful patches to entertain and play with their children. Their children?” She sat down inside the office desk at the desk and exhaled with a puff of disappointment and sadness, fiddling with the arm patch. “I was robbed of a baby. After I survived the Princess Walk, just barely, I was tossed into an airship by one of the older squires. Then I was flown off the mountain royal palace and down into the nasty swamps of snakes and gators which were between the mountains. I lived and survived the cool weather and the cold mines, looking for buried crystals for hours, days and years until I proved my brain was smarter.” She tapped on the arm and accessed volumes of information with a sour frown. “Now, it is payback for thirty-four years of misery. For the first time in my life, I will be happy. I will find my happiness. The old woman provided bits and piece of scattered right and wrong and invalid and true information. But I am smarter. My old active mind has the new answer. I am a true princess. My fetus came from one of the princesses within the Confederation, eighteen years ago.” She stared at the new data with a grin and a whisper. “The arm patch was a visual communication devise but it was also at database of information. Throughout the air waves, the arm patch will capture all the free flowing information in the format of waves and stored the information, coming from every arm patch within the Confederation, too. And I will prove that I am a princess, too. And I have a real family, not a genetically altered one. I have a real sister princess, too. And I am determined to find all of my relatives.” She tapped on the arm with a whisper. “Show me all the images of the Kingdom of the Sand!”
The arm patch flashed through numerous pictures that had been stored by people throughout the Confederation, “Stop!” The picture on the arm band presented an older woman. “This is the image of the female royal who is named Imperatoress Haildrameme.” She stared down at the image of the yellow skin and white haired royal of the Kingdom of the Sand. “Yes, I do understand. I don’t possess my original hair color, skin tone, or eye tint. But I have some type of unique feature that would identify me as your daughter. The lips are thin or thick. The eye sockets are narrow or wide. The earlobes are big or small. Yes, there is some type of body feature that will identify me as a real royal princess. I must examine each image within each kingdom. I don’t know how long this will take, but I will find my true mother. Then, I will leave here and live with my true royal family, not here inside a science building of nothing. So, I do not look like you. You are not my mother. I don’t have a crooked nose,” laughing.



Region of Freelands
Warm night air with bright stars and full moonlight


Abandoned building with enclosed hallway ramps
Tallest floor level
Balcony room setting


The three persons quietly sat inside an oversized sitting chair in front of a set of open windows in the shaded room without the glass pane.
Each person wore a set of individual face patches of various colored hues, consisting of all the different metal shapes. The numerous face patches included every color of the tiara forehead, the pair of curvy horns, and the pair of straight horns. Numerous set of eyebrows patches was displayed over each eye socket and down toward the cheekbone. A set of nose patches covered the entire nose bridge. A set of several cheekbone patches over the sides of the face. Several type of mustache patches underneath both nose holes, running down over the top of the lips. Numerous sets of chin patches were displayed around the mouth and over the necklace. Several sets of jaw line patches were displayed around the jaw line. There were one set of green colored snot nose face patches. Several types of drooling mouth spit face patches. And finally, there were an assortment of colored dots between all the patches.
Each person was clean shaven without facial and bone skull hair with a set of closed eyelids. The various colored and types of face patches surrounded the entire naked and shaven bone skull for better communication.
Each person held a steady lap tray over the kneecaps with a set of clean sheets of paper as each person wrote down the whispered messages from the numerous face patches. All the colored and models of face patches were used exclusive by the Confederation populous of people and the royals.
When a single sheet of paper was filled with data, the super tall and super muscular young adult male watched with patience, leaning down, he snatched the paper, quickly reading the information. He decided if the information was important or just stored for future use.
One each side of the row of three persons, there were two individual persons that looked down and stared at a set of arm patches. The arm patches covered each naked forearm, hand, and both legs for observation.
One of the individuals, a male gasped down at the new picture on his arm patch, lifting a chin to see the young male with a nod in silence.
The charge of the room, the young male in a sleeveless dirty electric blue tunic and matching set of trousers with a head of shoulder length silver colored hair, a pair of gray eyeballs, and a tone of black colored skin. He moved ahead from the side wall and stopped, standing over the individual, looking down with a gasp at the arm patch of the person. He reached out and snatched the red colored arm patch off the leg of the male with a grin and a nod in silence and back stepped from the sitting male, spinning around, and moved toward the open archway. He placed the red colored arm patch onto his naked forearm and dashed down the long ramp toward the next floor with a smile, stopping and stood in place with a nod. He smiled at the taller male, who was climbing up the ramp toward the balcony room. “Sir, we have identified a set of new and interesting information, coming from the arm patch. Our spy has seen that one of the Pamburg ladies has access an arm patch.”
The super tall and super muscular middle aged male wear a head of shoulder length silver hair with a pair of gray colored eyeballs, a tone of black tinted skin. He wore a pale blue sleeveless tunic and the matching trousers and a pair of matching knee boots that matched the eye color of his precious daughter, “Really? That is very rare indeed.”
He pointed down at the arm patch with a smile. “She is looking though each visual picture of each royal both the adult females and the males for something.”
“Really? That is also intriguing.”
He looked up with a confused brow. “What does it mean, sir?”
“The spoiled natives of the Pamburg Kingdom are finally going to fight back at Imperator Kung.”
He frowned. “Why would they do that, sir?”
“For freedom…”
“So what is our plan now?”
“We will strike at the Pamburg Kingdom while they invade the Confederation and…”
“I am confused, sir. Why would we do want to do that? We are a peaceful people and a nation. We do not have feud with Pamburg Kingdom.”
“For our freedom, too.”
He nodded with a stern face. “Yes sir! What is your order, now?”
“Gather our seers and the troops! We march toward the Pamburg Kingdom, this afternoon.”
“Yes sir!” The young male spun around with a stern face and marched back up the ramp to collect the spies that wore the face patches for a royal war.
Day 79th
Springtime


6th hour (early morn)


Region of Freelands
Cool temperatures with dull sunlight


Abandoned building
Entrance doorway setting


The super tall and super muscular middle aged male wore a head of shoulder length silver hair with a pair of gray colored eyeballs, a tone of black tinted skin. He wore a pale blue sleeveless tunic and the matching trousers and a pair of matching knee boots that matched the eye color of his precious daughter and stood upright with a stern face in front of the entrance wall of the abandoned building which used to be a school house for the bright and happy children of the westerns.
A row of three individuals quietly strolled over the leaves and weeds toward the elderly male and stopped, standing in place in silence. Each person wore a set of individual face patches of various colored hues, consisting of all the different metal shapes. The numerous face patches included every color of the tiara forehead, the pair of curvy horns, and the pair of straight horns. Numerous set of eyebrows patches was displayed over each eye socket and down toward the cheekbone. A set of nose patches covered the entire nose bridge. A set of several cheekbone patches over the sides of the face. Several type of mustache patches underneath both nose holes, running down over the top of the lips. Numerous sets of chin patches were displayed around the mouth and over the necklace. Several sets of jaw line patches were displayed around the jaw line. There were one set of green colored snot nose face patches. Several types of drooling mouth spit face patches. And finally, there were an assortment of colored dots between all the patches. Each person was clean shaven without facial and bone skull hair with a set of closed eyelids. The various colored and types of face patches surrounded the entire naked and shaven bone skull for better communication.
The charge of the three individuals, the young male in a sleeveless dirty electric blue tunic and matching set of trousers with a head of shoulder length silver colored hair, a pair of gray eyeballs, and a tone of black colored skin moved ahead from the row and stopped, standing in front of the elderly man with a worried brow, “Sir!”
“Where are the others?” The elderly male turned and scanned the forestland with a stern face.
“Sir,” the young male looked down with a sour frown to read the arm patch which showed nothing. “They are afraid. They didn’t want to come. They don’t want to follow,” he looked up with a pair of sad eyeballs and a sad face which appeared silly between the numerous blinking off and on the face patches. “I am afraid too, sir.”
The elderly male laughed, “I am afraid also.”
He cleared a dry throat with a sad face. “Sir, I have followed you and seen your positive drive. However, I fear…”
“I fear too.”
“I fear that my biological daughter is not well, sir.”
“I fear the same thing. But I must know the medical condition of my daughter. I must learn the truth. I must see the face of my enemy.”
He cleared a dry throat with a sad face. “Sir, we do not have an enemy. We are a peaceful people and a nation. We do not have feud with anyone including the Pamburg Kingdom, the Confederation, and the Freeland administrators. So, I guess that your order has been cancelled then.”
The elderly male smiled. “What is the latest news from the Pamburg Kingdom?”
“The woman is sleeping. Her arm patch is dead. I would assume that she works on the evening shift.”
“Is there anymore new information from any of the royals inside the Confederation?”
He looked down with a stern face and tapped on top of the arm patch to another spot within the communication devise. “Yes, there was a death. One of the teen royal drowned inside the bathtub.”
“Really? That is also intriguing.”
He looked up with a confused brow. “What does it mean, sir?”
“I would guess that the set of spoiled royals have a second enemy besides us which might be a hand from a Pamburg native.”
He frowned. “Why would that do that, sir?”
“Freedom, everyone is craving freedom from the authority hand.”
He nodded with a stern face. “What is your order now?”
“Please contact and gather all of our people to come and stand peacefully in front of the Central Building right now! I have an appointment there this morning.”
He frowned. “We have protested peacefully before for change, sir. It was not very effective.”
The elderly male exhaled with a nod and reached out, placing a palm over the collar bone of the young male with a stern face. “But we will continue to try for change until change occurs.”
“Yes sir!” The young male back stepped from the elderly male and spun around with a stern face, marching ahead, and passed the row of two individuals with the set of face patches.


Cool temperatures with dull sunlight
City Hall location
Auditorium setting


The three story building was a cool deception and made of a set of ancient cider blocks from an ancient time. The outside of the building had never been painted, since paint was used for an outside or interior surface. The man-made chemicals were poisonous to the plants, the trees, the flowers, the animals, and the people. So, the set of ancient cider blocks were covered in a series of vertically hanging set of dried black dirt that fell down from the flat rooftop when by raindrops from the weekly rainstorm. No one bothered to clean off the building, since no one had money to pay for the service.
In front of the building, there was a foot pathway which was made of flat ancient cider blocks also where tons of tiny green colored upright plants tried to thrive but died over each boot sole of a native. The building did not display an overhang that blacked out the dull sunlight or the raindrops from a rainstorm. The front entrance wall featured three set of double doors without a door that remained open during the day and the night, since a single crime was punished by immediate death within the Freelands.
Between each door, there was a row of troops made of adult men and females. Each trooper stood at attention and darted a set of eyeballs at the new group of native, wearing a thick yellow tinted long jacket over the top of a pair of thick trousers of brown with a pair of comfortable brown tinted ankle work boots. Each face varied in emotion from angry too mad. Each skin tone varied from a light brown to peachy tint. Each hand wore a pair of yellow tinted gloves. On the utility belt underneath the thick jacket, there hang a vertical shaft for protection and duty that swayed side to side and tapped on the leg of each trooper.
A trooper was employed the administration of the Freelands to protect the council of nine administrators that ruled and watched over the Freelands civilization.
The trooper was not paid in money or coins but a house and a land property with free food meals within one of the villages that surrounded the City Hall within the Freelands.
Along the edge of squared shaped court yard which was made of a set of flat dirty and black colored cider blocks, there was a column of troopers also, guarding the court yard, the building, the administrators from the natives of Freelands.
The captain of the troopers moved ahead from the center of the column of yellow tinted jackets and stopped, standing upright with a raised yellow tinted worn glove in front of the male with a stern face. “Stop there, sir! What is our business at City Hall with the administrators this morning?”
The super tall and super muscular middle aged male wore a head of shoulder length silver hair with a pair of gray colored eyeballs, and a tone of black tinted skin. He wore a pale blue old and re-patched sleeveless tunic, a pair of matching trousers and a pair of matching dull and scuffed knee boots that matched the eye color of his precious daughter with a fake smile to the caption of the troops. “I am inquiring about my missing daughter.”
For thousands of years, the two sets of people lived, thrived, and died inside the scattered rows of colonies along the river valleys.
The landscape was shaped like a perfect square for outer space, if a space ship could perform space flight. The first settlers invaded the land by ship from the ocean waters on the western side of the square shaped landscape, stomping over the rough small pebbles of rock that made up the shoreline from the cold and windy rough ocean waters. The rough, wet, and cold surface didn’t deter the crew of hard weathered sailors and the group of desperate peasants who escaped from a life of bondage on a different continent, arriving within a new land of freedom. The new settlers made camp and chopped the tall trees for a small log cabin while killing the wild animals for clothing and meats, tilling the watery soil for rice and fruits for food. Thus, the new settles called the land Freelands.
At the same time, a second fleet of sailing ships had landed on the opposite shoreline, the eastern side of the landscape, coming to the new land for fame and fortune, finding a hard rocky landscape of flat rock. Between the low tides of the ocean, there were a set of scattered individual gigantic boulders of flat table top ledges that prevented a ship to dock near the shoreline. Each native boarded a small row boat and ventured over the rough seas. More row boats were smashed into the ocean boulders rather than steered toward the shoreline. More passengers and sailors had drowned into death between the ocean waves and the hard rock faces rather than swimming toward the shoreline.
The remaining passengers discovered a landscape of flat rocks, snake pits, and pretty seashells. However, the person could not eat a seashell for the morning breakfast.
Eventually, after losing more passengers to snake bites, the settlers learned to climb the set of tall boulders and construct a simple wooden hut for protection. The weather was mild with a brief period of rain and dull sunlight, allowing for survival and growth of a new harsh world.
Down the middle of the square shaped landscape, there ran a wide fresh water river which separated the lands into two sections which were called east and west. For years the river separated the two types of people.
The northern portion of the square shaped landscape provided groves of forestland that held herds of wild animals for food and clothing.
Then during a food hunting trip, the two types of settlers met in an unfriendly battle for a group of wild animal. The herd of wild animals turned tail and ran away to safety that day. Then, a hotbed of violence and chaos assumed as the two forces of setters collided in a war of food and land.
The western side of the river was made of streams and rivers, where the new settlers produced and harvested the wet crops of rice and fruit while a supply of abundant wild game for many years.
The eastern side of the river possessed a flat rocky land with a set of scattered tiny trees of dried leaves where the snakes liked to lounge in the bright sunshine. Each settler had to scout away from the homestead to eat a day’s meal. 
The civil war broke out between the eastern and western settlers which lasted for a few weeks. The western villages and some of the crop fields were destroyed and burnings in plumes of red and yellow fires. Some of the mean were killed and dead.
All the women and the children had been captured and contained with the surviving males inside and resided inside a new building of cider blocks which latterly became the Central Building.
The winners of the battle had been negotiating food and supply barter trade with the young royals of the Confederation without success. The royals had not need for a tub of rocks or a barrel of snakes. Thus, it had failed.
Then, the new winners decided the final fate of the losers. All the female women and teen females were traded as slave servants for a wagon of food and materials with the Confederation royals, since the western females were all blind and without eyesight, having been deemed as useless servant within the Freelands.
For years, the western settlers had thrived and survived, building a set of small community villages. One night during the mild weather, one of the teen females caught a virus and survived a high fever, losing her eyesight. One by one each teen female caught the same virus, the same high fever, and lost her eyesight.
Over the years, the next generation of females passed down the dominate genetic trait to a daughter, not a son. However, each female learned to function and contribute without their eyeballs, helping the tiny community villages grow and prosper.
During the civil war, all the elderly, adult, and young females were useless in a fight of hand to hand combat with a kitchen knife and without eyesight. Thus, all females were easily captured and held inside a new building while the rest of the men and young males continued to fight their family, their land, and their freedom, losing it all.
The eastern settlers invaded and raided, living within the wooden buildings and structures of the comfortably western villages. All the females were traded and gone from the Freelands. All the men were treated as a servant that served the new set of winners.
The enslaved western males attended the crops, hunted for meat, and pampered the set of fat and lazy eastern.
Over the centuries, the western male never married but bred with one of fat and obese eastern wives to produce a new set of baby man-servants and baby female slaves for trade to the Confederation. Each female from a western male produced a blind female infant without fail. The practice had continued for centuries, until a brave and courageous single father plotted a plan to free his self and his daughter.
The captain of the trooper exhaled with a sour frown. “Sir, I recognized your face.”
“That is an excellent response, trooper,” he nodded with a smile.
The captain of the trooper frowned at the tall male with the silver hair and the electric blue worn jacket. “You come here to the City Hall building every month on the same day to conduct business with one or all of nine administrators about your missing daughter. Aren’t you tired of the matters, sir?”
“No, I will never tire of inquiring about my missing daughter. I have an appointment with the administrator, please.”
The captain of the trooper nodded with a stern face. “Yes, you do have an appointment as usual. The row of administrators is scheduled to see you for the day, sir. Please follow me!” He spun around with a stern face and advanced ahead in a set of clipped steps with a huff of annoyance. The elderly silver headed male would not stop coming to the Central Building to see row of the administrators. The captain had posted as a first year trooper when the tall male first showed up on the first day of employment and then kindly asked to speak with the row of administrators. The row of administrators was obliged to see a native for any reason in rain or sunshine.
The Central Building did not display an overhang that blacked out the dull sunlight or the raindrops from a rainstorm. The front entrance wall featured three set of double doors without a door that remained open during the day and the night, since a single crime of punishment was executed with immediate death inside the Freelands.
The captain nodded to the row of troopers with a stern face and marched through the middle open door archway, climbing up the first step which held a set of three tiers of the same dirty black-looking cider blocks that formed an outside escalating staircase without a set of wall which rose toward a majesty single room on the third floor.


Interior room setting


The room was extremely long and wide in the shape of a square which occupied the entire third floor with wall-to-wall concrete dirty cider block steps that led onto an even platform through a set of three open entranceways also.
Each long wall had a row of open square shaped windows between a single frame art piece of vertical and horizontal smear of red colored human blood, making the business atmosphere scary and horrible. That was the point of the smeared and exhibited blood stain walls which had occurred centuries ago after the civil war.
His great-great-great-great grandmother had fought and died here inside this large room which served as a jail when one of the winners of the civil war had tried to forcefully remove her from her husband. Her husband was elderly with a family of numerous young and teenage sons, not a single daughter.
One young western son had survived the civil war to become a man-servant for the group of the Easterns while recording his worries, his fears, and his hopes inside a secret loose papers that formed a daily dairy which his great-great-great-great-grandson would relive and remember and one day react.
The view of each open window showed the mountain peak or the valley of ponds or the grove of forest or one of the scattered cluster of a village set of buildings.
The male followed behind the ass of the captain of the trooper without viewing the window like he had done every week for the past four years and stopped, standing in front of a slightly elevated platform with a blank face. The platform was covered with a solid counter that liked like a table surface. Behind the long counter there were thirteen individuals, since the number thirteen was an unlucky number for all the blinded females of the Freelands.
In the center of the thirteen, the fat, obese, and elderly administrator sat and ate the plate of food with a head of gray hair and a pair of pink-tinted chewing cheekbones. The tall male of super muscles with the shoulder length hair stood in place in silence and waited to be recognized by one of the eating administrators.
It was the new dull light of new day within the Freelands. Every native rose for work or for plate of food. 
The row of nine administrators came early to the Central Building for breakfast and the start of a long fun-filled day of gossip and beverages, staying away from the house of nagging wives until darkness. The team of man-servants came to the Central Building to cook and to clean up the building, the bathrooms, and the administrator like always.
The sixth administrator could see the single individual over the floor and continued to stare down at the high pile of food and chewed without swallowing with a loud mumble, mouth spitting particles over the plate of food and his naked hands with a pair of open lips. “What is it?”
The male cleared a tight throat of dryness and exhaled with a huff of sadness, standing upright with both arms at the side. “I have come to inquire about my daughter.” Over the years, he had been a man-servant and lucky enough to produce a family of biological sons that served the fat and obese administrators and the families and the neighbors of the administrators of the east. Then one day, he was blessed with an infant daughter. His hearted filled with love and happiness. Then at the age of fourteen, his teen daughter was taken away from him while she screamed in fears and cries of worry. Then, his heart was filled with worry and hate. He hated the administrators. The row of administrators still honored the exchange of food and materials for a wagon of young blinded teenager female daughters of each man-servant without a furious word or a splatter of bloodshed.
The eleventh administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “I remember you from last week, sir.”
The twelfth administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “And I remember you from the week before too.”
The second administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “You have come here every week for the past four years to the Central building.”
The fifth administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “Do you actually think that we have an answer for you today?”
The male cleared a tight throat of dryness and exhaled with a huff of sadness. “I always have hope, sir.”
The seventh administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “We have no answer.”
The ninth administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “That is not correct. There is no answer.”
The first administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “That is not correct. There is an answer.
The eighth administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone “The answer is clear. The rule is clear. The matter is closed.”
The twelfth administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “There is hope here. You are wasting your times, sir.”
The fourth administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “As a matter of fact, you are wasting my time. You are not invited to come back into the Central Building ever.”
The thirteenth administrator looked up and chewed the food, mouth spitting the particles over the plate of food and his hands with a sour tone. “Captain, you have permission to toss this male out the door for the last time. He is giving me indigestive.”
The captain of the trooper exhaled with a huff of annoyance. He understood the reason behind the visit from the male. The elderly male was one of the man-servants that serviced a house along the shoreline of a wealthy family. The shoreline family had allowed the man-servant a visit the Central Building each week, since the taking of his teen daughter by blood and by force from a team of troopers.
The captain as a young trooper had been there to eye witness the terrible event. The teen female was unharmed but the elderly father was beaten until bloody and unconscious for the vicious fight. A man-servant was too valuable to kill. So, the family male member didn’t want his man-servant jailed and paid a week of crops of food to the row of nine administrators.
The elderly male nodded with a stern face with a chin bow, looking up with a grin. “Thank you, administrators! I have received my final answer that I was seeking.”
The captain of the trooper reached out and gently punched the bicep of the super tall and super muscular male, since he couldn’t reach the collar bone. Then he spun around with a stern face and moved ahead toward the first step of the staircase like usual. The elderly male continued to stand and stare at each administrator with a grin. The young captain marched down toward the third step. The elderly male rushed ahead and reaching down underneath the ratty and torn electric blue jacket, grabbing the homemade shaft, ripping it from the side of the loose belt. The cloth belt tore loose and dropped behind the back spine of the male.
The male lifted and raised the shaft over the hair roots with a smile and slammed into the long counter, whipping backward an arm, and connected, slicing through the throat of the seventh administrator.  “Thank you for providing me with the same exact answer for the past two hundredth time.” His long arm swinging motion carried into the neck of the eighth administrator, slicing cleanly through the set of throat muscles at the head of the eighth administration. The skull tumbled sideway without disconnecting from the back spine cord. He sneered. “However, I have decided today which the two hundredth time of my quest and my question to debate the fine topic this glorious morn.” The tip of the shaft with a set of protruded sharp pointy blades hit the side cheekbone of the ninth administrator. The ninth administration tumbled sideways over the plate of food and eventually falling out of the chair.
The captain spun around with a gasp and ran forward. The male back stepped and spun around on top of the flat surface with a sneer, seeing the scared face of the sixth administrator. The other healthy administrators were too heavy and too fat which interfered with an escape move from an oversized chair. The elderly male sneered down the hair roots of the ninth administrator. “Young captain, unless you greatly desire to die in the same spot where my great-great-great-great granny from the civil war had died, I would suggest backing off.” He lifted and reared back the shaft behind a skull, swinging down and sliced into the middle hair roots of the sixth administrator.
The captain stopped and stood in place, looking down with a puzzled brow at the floor that held series of horizontal and vertical red colored blood smears with a gasp, not realizing the nasty decorations inside the Central Building. He had heard old stories of the ancient civil war that had occurred centuries ago.
Outside on the top of court yard, a scattered group of mellow man-servants stood next to each other and stared at the rows of stationary troopers, wondering about the sanity of the elderly man. The elderly male had secretly whispered a plan of rescue for his daughter for past four years now without fluid process.
A set of faint screams echoed down through the open staircase coming from the third floor.
Each trooper turned and stared at each other in puzzlement. A few of the man-servants reached down and pulled out a homemade shaft near a wicked grin. A shaft was illegal to own and to carry for a servant but the elderly man had learned to build one and then taught all his fellow servants.
The set of armed man-servants rushed ahead and attacked the unarmed trooper with a kill shot to the face as each dead trooper dropped down to the court yard. The rest of the trooper whipped a shaft and then engaged the other man-servants with a shaft also.
Some of the troopers turned tail and ran away with fear to live and fight another day.
Some of the devoted troopers died on the stop until the surviving troopers turned tail and ran away with fear.
The rows of the man-servants ran ahead through the three open archways and climbed up the staircase with a set of sneers, wiping off the blood form a face and both hands.
Inside the interior room, the elderly male danced down the long counter, swinging an arm side to side, cutting off the head of administrators five, four, three, two and one. He stopped with a set of heavy pants and spun around, dashing ahead, leaping down off the counter, and chased after the runaway administrators who had successful escaped the oversize chair without the plate of food. He ran ahead and reached out, driving the tip of the shaft into the back spine of the upright thirteen administrators with a sneer, jerking out the tip out which was covered in white bone fragments, pink colored tissue bites, and red blood proteins. The thirteenth administrator stopped and stood in place with a small vocal yelp of intense pain.
The elderly male scooted around the falling thirteenth administrator and tossed the tip of the shaft. The shaft flew across the air space and stabbed into the back spine of the tenth administrator. The tenth administer stumbled forward over the floor, wiggling both arms and legs in screams of pain.
The elderly male dashed ahead and leaned down, whipping out the shaft, flinging out the set of nasty white tinted bone fragments, pink colored tissue bits, and the red blood proteins into the air. The specimens dropped down and landed on top of the floor, staining the hard surface with more bad memories of dead people. The male leaped into the air and then reached out, grabbing the running foot of each administrator.
The two administrators, eleven and twelve slowly stumbled forward and swiftly dropped down with a loud thump and a set of scream onto the floor surface. The male quickly crawled over a body and stabbed the tip of shaft into each rib cage, wiggling the set of blades side to side, slicing into the heart or the lungs. Each administrator cried in tears of pain.
The male stood upright with a heavy gasp and heard the noise and spun around to see the crooked rows of advancing group of man-servants, his new troopers. The man-servants stood and surrounded the lonely captain, holding a blade tip at each body part with a sneer. The male smiled with a nod at the new troop. “No! Don’t hurt the captain! He has been my friend since the first day. Captain, you are welcome to join my cause and rescue our daughters. Or you can leave and live in peace. You have been a part of my plan for years.”
The captain nodded in silence the elderly male and back stepped into a sneering man-servant, moving forward into a sneering man-servant and finally side stepped from the circle of angry men. The other men laughed. The captain spun around and shoved a body through the angry crowd in fear and humiliation, exiting the building for his home.
This day forward, the natives and the lands of Freelands will be changed forever.
The elderly male spun around and dashed ahead, climbing up the counter, standing upright with a smile and a shout to the man-servants. “My fellow gentlemen of Freelands, I am not the new administrator or important at the moment. My daughter is most important right now to me.” The room was silence. He lifted upward and raised the shaft with the blood as the blood dripped over his hand and then down to the bloody stained floor. “I am invading the Kingdom of the Sand with a fleet of busted up airships, a set off worn and tired army of man-servants, and a wanding shafts of freedom, where I will retrieve back my biological daughter. I invite you to join me right now. Else, you can kindly step out of my way while I accomplish my impossible feat.”
The crowd of young and older men bounced up and down in happiness with a grin for the rescue of a teen or an older daughter, raising a homemade shaft into the air in set of loud cheers.
The young male with the series of face patches shoved a pathway through the crowd of fathers and dashed ahead, stopping, standing below the elderly male with a worried brow. “Sir, sir...”
The elderly male looked down with a smile to see the young male. “Are the airship fueled and ready for travel? Each air ship will take us over the rolling hills and into the Kingdom of the Sand.”
He exhaled. “Sir, each airship is badly beaten and batter from metal neglect.”
“What?”
“We are stuck here.
“No, we are moving on. Then, we all march toward the air field and repair each airship with our knowledge today for the rescue trip tomorrow. Turn around and march toward the air field now!”
The crowd of young and older men spun around with cheers and dashed down the staircase for the air field to rescue a daughter tomorrow morning.


7th hour (early morn)


Pamburg Kingdom


Home of King conic and Queen Shemerry
Palace Mountain

Cool temperatures with bright yellow sunlight
Princess dome of Teath
Sleep room setting


Between the waters of the two Great Oceans, there existed a set of numerous continents. One of the largest was not named but was composed of numerous vast kingdoms with an individual ruler. The alliance of the kingdoms was called the Confederation.
Near the top of the vast continent, there was the separate, isolated, and vast Pamburg Kingdom, too.
In the Pamburg Kingdom on the top of the palace mountain inside the princess throne room, she slept. The outstretched body rested on top of the purple tinted bed linens as the group of teen girls surrounded the female, reaching out with a set of wiggling fingers and attacked a particular body part with a series of giggles and grins. Teath curled into a ball from the array of vicious finger attacks and awoke with a pair of blurry eyeballs and a confused mind with a loud grunt of annoyance, “Ugh…”
This new morning, a set of two earring patch designs dangled down from each earlobe and twinkled in bright sky blue colors, and as sixteen-year-old Princess Romaggie whispered with a giggle into the air waves. Then, all her words were transmitted into the other matching color and design of the one of the earring patch designs that was displayed on each sister princess but Teath. “Wake up, sleepy girl. Get up and outta of your dome room, Teath. You have missed breakfast again.” Then, the earring patch turned back into the natural color of amber shading that matched her earlobes.
Teath sat upright and crossed both legs on top of the bed linens, covering a naked body with the top bed linens, staring at each sister princess inside her princess room with a yawn and a set of confused neurons. “What? What are you doing in here inside my dome?”
One of the earring patch designs twinkled in bright sky blue, and as sixteen-year-old Princess Gotterina frowned at Teath. “You didn’t wear the face patch again to slumber. No one could communicate with you, if you don’t wear face patch, Teath. This morn, we all picked up and selected a pair of blue twinkling earrings.”
One of the earring patch designs twinkled in bright sky blue and as, sixteen years old Arcanna lifted a body up into the air with a giggle and stood upon the tips of each toe. “That’s because sister princess Teath likes to fuck her vagina all alone in the bed, since she forgets about food and enjoys the lusty moment,” she reached down and rammed an index finger into her own vagina, thrusting it up and down with a giggle. Each sister princess was standing in lovely nakedness inside the princess bedroom of Teath. Some of the other sisters covered a mouth with a giggle. Some of the other sisters copied Arcanna, ramming an index finger up into a vagina, fingering fucking a vagina too with a soft moan of pleasure.
Teath pulled the bed linens over a naked body tighter with an angry face and exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “Get outta my room with your disgusting finger fucking…”
Some of the other sister princesses continued to thrust an index finger into her vagina with a smile and a moan. 
One of the earring patch designs twinkled in bright sky blue and as, sixteen years old Medillane didn’t fuck her vagina but smiled with a giggle at Teath. “The Nans sent us to fetch you. You forget to wear the face patch, again. You missed breakfast, again. So, get your naked ass up and dressed, lazy sister. Today is the princess walk.”
Teath gasped with shock and blinked open and shut both eyelashes. “No, today is another run of the dance steps against the stinging flowers on our naked toes. Then, tonight is the dance gala with a hot prince…”
“No.” One of the earring patch designs twinkled in bright sky blue. “The princess walk is right now in a few minutes. So, get up and get dressed. We need to get dressed, too, sisters,” Sixteen years old Princess Beebelle turned with a giggle and stared at other sister princess, seeing and hearing the hunting scene of finger fucking divas.
Teath whispered for her eardrums. “Yes, my dead mother was right. I am really her live and breathing biological daughter. She really is my dead mother,” she turned and studied each sister princess with intrigue.
Each sister princess displayed the same amber colored hair in different hair textures and length, the same amber skin tone on different heights and weights, and the same pair of amber eyeballs on a different shaped face. However, each sister princess was not the daughter of King Conic as her personal Nan had shared with a sneer into the face of Teath.
Teath believed the flock of older women that made up the current Nan staff who protected and cared for the fourteen sister princesses. Each one carried a head of amber colored hair, a pair of old and wrinkled amber eyes, and a tone of older and wrinkled amber tinted skin.
Sixteen years old sister Princess Beebelle was the shortest and tiniest sister princess among the fourteen teens. She possessed a set of rounded, enlarged, and unattached earlobes that make her look like a cute and innocent small field mouse that each river snake consumed for food down near the sandy swamp fields.
Teath had to study the boring ancient history stories plus the interesting science classes intensively as maybe the chosen future Queen of Pamburg Kingdom. So, she had learned that the set of ugly earlobes was a genetic trait. Genetics was the science of heredity and variety in a single living organism, such like, a common physical trait of hair color, leaf shape, or height size. A genetic trait was inherited through a set of genes that came from a parent which was usually controlled by one single gene. But, Teath didn’t display a set of rounded and enlarged earlobes that protruded from the sides of her face.
Sixteen years old sister princess Hokkeedo was the tallest royal among the fourteen sisters with a muscular body frame and a skull taller than other sisters with a set of board shoulders, a pair of amber eyes with a set of amber colored bangs over both amber colored eyebrows that was attached to a long ponytail of straight thick hair. Teath was not built with an athletic body of tallness like Hokkeedo, since she was both average height and weight. Thus, Hokkeedo had inherited her body frame from her real mother and she was not a true sister of Teath.
Sixteen years old sister princess Sinnot was the next tallest royal with a slender body frame and a set of long fingers on a pair of elegant hands for drawing and a long pair of lean legs for dancing which the teen did often around her sisters for entertainment fun. Her hair texture was thin locks of short whimsy hair down to her collar bone. Teath possessed a set of slightly large hands which was different from Sinnot and the other sisters also.
Sixteen years old sister princess Lucidew was tall and slender with a set of buck teeth, making her smile really ugly. She talked through a set of closed lips all the time or not much of the time.
Sixteen years old sister princess Arcanna was the next smallest royal, rolling a tongue at the scene of finger fuck action of her other sisters. Her tongue curled up each side to form a tube shape. Teath didn’t possess the ability to roll her tongue, since she had tried to imitate that action when nervous like Arcanna. However, tongue rolling came from a single genetic trait which her mother didn’t possess either. Thus, Arcanna had inherited that genetic ability from her real mother and she was not the true sister of Teath.
Sixteen years old sister princess Gotterina was the tall and slender like Sinnot with a head of long thick hair with a crooked nose. Teath didn’t possess a crooked nose or a button nose like Sinnot which was cute and girly and was different from the other sisters also. Thus, Sinnot was not the true sister of Teath but a true daughter of her real mother.
Sixteen years old sister princess Zaid was as tall as Hokkeedo without the thick frame of muscles with a head of long amber colored hair with an aristocratic nose. Zaid was enjoying the finger fucking and stood upon her toes as her finger thrust in and out of her vagina. She possessed a unique set of feet with an extended second toe on both feet which was an inherited trait. Teath did not possess an extended second toe on either foot. Thus, Zaid was not a true sister of Teath but only her biological mother.
Sixteen years old sister princess Encarbod was slightly taller and more bulker than Teath. She possessed a thick frame of muscles with a head of pixie amber colored hair and a hook nose. Teath didn’t possess the genetic trait. Thus, Encarbod was not a true sister of Teath.
Sixteen years old sister princess Xanthee was average height and heavy with a face of brown freckles, making her appearance stand out and unique from her other sisters. Each small and concentrated spot of skin pigmentation an individual freckle was called melanin. Her freckles appeared and varied in number which was controlled by a set of two separate DNA genes. Teath didn’t possess the genetic trait. Thus, Xanthee was not a true sister of Teath.
Sixteen years old sister princess Medillane was average height and weight with a long curly head of amber colored hair on a round face. It was the hair follicles that determine the hair texture. A set of round-shaped hair follicles made straight hair. Flattened hair follicles made a head of curly hair. An oval hair follicle made a set of wavy hair. Teath didn’t possess the genetic trait of curly hair. Thus, Medillane was not a true sister of Teath either.
Sixteen years old sister princess Yawnett was average height and weight with a shoulder length head of amber colored hair and a cleft chin on a squared shaped face. Teath didn’t possess the genetic trait. Thus, Yawnett was not a true sister of Teath either.
Sixteen years old sister princess Smetana was short and skinny with a shoulder length head of amber colored hair that contained a tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which was located at the hairline on an oval face. It looked funny. Smetana would cut the individual white colored hair strands out and slick back the hair down over the skull, making it look funnier. However, Teath didn’t possess the genetic trait. Thus, Smetana was not a true sister of Teath either.
Sixteen years old sister princess Romaggie was the smartest and the oldest among the female royals and stood in the center of the bed with a moan without seeing Teath. “Get dressed!
Medillane nodded with a smile. “We are all required to report downstairs inside the princess throne room for instructions with the princess walk.”
Teath frowned. “I thought that the princess walk was scheduled for tomorrow.  Why is it right now, today? We told you that information.” Her dead mother said that the princess walk would be the next morning.
Beebelle giggled with a smile. “This is part of the final princess test to always be prepared and available when you are called for your princess duty. My Nan awoke me this morning. So, I immediately arose and prepared.”
Teath gasped. “My Nan didn’t call or come and get me. Why not?”
“You were not wearing the face path.” Encarbod frowned with the ugly hook nose, looking uglier.
Teath reached up and slapped both cheekbones with a sigh. “O yeah…”
Yawnett frowned and exaggerated the cleft chin. “Why did you forget again, Teath? We are all too always to wear a face patch for communication or an emergency, either the princess eyebrow arch patch or a Nan patch of the cheekbone design.”
Teath frowned. “Yeah, I don’t like the metal mixed with my face slobber.”
Arcanna frowned. “Uoo, you couldn’t say that you forget.”
“Some of the Nans are gone, too.” Smetana nodded.
Teath gasped. “Is my Nan gone? Why are some of the Nans gone? Where did they go?”
Lucidew laughed with a nod and showed off her buck teeth for once. “I guess to help someone or somebody else but us, sisters.”
Teath growled. “What does that mean?”
“It means to get up and get dresses, Princess Teath.” Zaid sneered.
Teath moved a hand with a sour frown. “Okay, all right, get out! Lemme get dressed up for the princess walk.”
Medillane spun around and fluttered a head of thick curly hair into the air with a smile. “You are to wear your most glamour gown with a pair of your highest sandals for the princess walk, Teath.”
Teath gasped at the back spine of Medillane. “Why? Who told you that information?” Her dead mother had told Teath the same thing but to rebel, not to conform in the elegant gown and the pair of high heeled sandals.
Romaggie jerked out a finger from the wet vagina and lifted the index finger into the air with a giggle and a grin. “You will address me as your new queen of Pamburg Kingdom in a few more minutes, slave or serf or servant. So, the new queen says, it is time to leave and get dresses, sisters.” She reached over and licked index finger with her wet white colored vagina discharge with a hum, sucking on the digit.
Beebelle turned and frowned at her sister princess Romaggie, “Yucko. You can’t be the new queen. You eat your nasty vagina discharge from your nastier vagina hole.”
Romaggie pulled back and removed the finger from the lips with a pop and a smile. “It contains vitamin C which is good for your face complexion, sister princess. Let’s go and get dressed for the princess walk,” she spun around with a smile and moved ahead, leading all the other princesses, dashing out from the dome of Teath.
Teath heard a set of faint voices from each sister as they moved further down the hallway away from her and her dome. She tossed away and dropped down the bed linens from a naked body, rolling off the bed mattress, standing upright with a sigh and then rolled back down over the bed on a back spine over the soft bed linens and the rear of the hairy skull on top of the pillow with a giggle.
She bent both kneecaps on top of the bed linens and lifted the butthole and both hips in the air from the soft mattress of bed linens, gently lowering down the edge of the soft finger pad on top of the protruded fold skin on the external part of her genital, the clitoris. Teath gently rubbed the finger pad up and down on the clitoris. The female clitoris was like the foreskin at the end of a male penis. It was very sensitive to stimulation into an orgasm with the right friction of a single finger digit.
Teath arched the back muscles upward and lifted the butthole higher into the air, pushing a back spine down deeper into the bed mattress, breathing heavy with pleasure. She slowly dropped the dry finger digit down and dug into the amber colored pubic hair into the large lips of the vagina, feeling the fleshy skin that started to secret glands with sweat and oil. The set of large lips of the vagina was the same as the male scrotum. She caressed the lips that produced sweat on the finger and a forehead, sounding with a soft moan with pleasure.
She thrust the middle finger into the vagina inside and then outside with mighty finger force, sounding with a set of loud moans. The sensation tickled the lining of the vagina and created more mucus. Usually, the vagina used for male sperm to travel up the tract and into the female egg, creating a fetus. Well, Teath didn’t have a dick of the prince, only her finger. The middle finger was the best digit of the hand, since it was the longest length to reach deeper into the tight vagina. Her body tingled with desire of a real penis inside her vagina. The middle finger sawed inward and outward in a swifter motion of her pussy, and as the lining soft tissues of the vagina flooded with a thick moisture from the exciting finger fuck. The moisture turned into white colored vagina fluid that flooded the interior of the vagina, onto the finger, and over the bed linens. She felt the hot liquid over the skin. She thrust the middle finger faster in and out while lifting upright both legs from the wet bed linens. Then, the middle finger reached deeper down into the moist vagina and as, she felt greater pleasure. Teath panted in a series of heavy breathes and sweated on the face, the breasts, and the neck. She was getting closer to an orgasm.
She continued to thrust the longest finger in and out the vagina hole, flooding the hand and the bed linens, panting in a series of heavy breathes and sweated over the body. Right before a finger fucking orgasm, Teath sweated out the perspiration from the motion, feeling a built-up of heat and water. She was almost there with the orgasm. Teath parted the legs and rammed the middle finger down into the slick and wet vagina with a deep grunts of lust and as, the finger thrust faster in and out.
Her body quivered and shook with the wonderful orgasm and as, she gasped for fresh air molecules with an open mouth. Her body broke into a set of sweat balls of heat. Vagina discharge flooded her and the bed linens. Finally, her vagina contracted back and forth with a set of spasm of pain and pleasure. Teath breathed in a set of heavy pants and closed both eyelashes, enjoying the tinkling of her body with nasty lust and dreams of fucking her prince tonight. She had learned the technique from trial and pleasure, after reading about the female organs in one of the many princess classes.
The finger fuck was the best sensation and solution for a quickie female orgasm, since she didn’t have a prince. But he would be presented tonight at the galas ball, after the completion of both the Princess Walk and then the Prince Walk this afternoon. Then, the princess would meet and greet with a new prince, selecting a mate for life within the Pamburg Kingdom.
She jerked out a middle finger and reached over, wiping the digits and the hand clean over the dry part of the bed linens with a grin. She stood upright with a giggle, feeling tingling and relaxed after the nice pleasure, reaching down, and lifted the tail of the bed linens and wiped off the wet vagina. The vagina discharge coated the dry fabric. Her Nan would wash the bed linens during the Princess Walk and then made the bed for her prince tonight.
She spun around in a completed circle with a happy laugh and rushed ahead into the wardrobe closet, stopping, and stood in front of the lines of clothing. She reached up and slipped on the battle gear. The battle gear was a short dress that stopped way above the kneecaps for running away toward the enemy in a fight. The coolest feature of the dress was a cut out design in the front of the body. The neckline was a solid square shape figure of rich black leather fabric that cut directly across the neck and the collar bone. A second piece of leather covered only the breasts, making an outside of an empty box, sorta.
A third piece of solid square shaped fabric slammed against both the other thighs and legs, creating at box-like formation with an empty middle. The middle was made of beige colored netting which exposed the inner legs, forming a bottom of the letter B. Yeah, it sorta did.
The rear of the battle dress was solid leather without a design cut letters of P and B, covering the shoulders blades and the curve of the back spine for protection and attack. For a female, there was a set of shorty shorts that fit underneath the P and B apron-type dress of the battle gear with a set of matching thigh black colored boots.
On a Pamburg male, he wore a set of tight fitting rich black leather trousers that were tucked down into a set of polished matching knee boots with a cut out shirt over a naked chest in black.
 Teath quickly dressed in the battle gear with a smile and reached up, jerking down the new fake gown. She had constructed an elegant flowing princess gown of dark midnight blue tint which was very close and complimented the shiny black leather fabric of the battle gear, so the older Nans would not become suspicious.
The gown was made of the lightest fabric of solid sheer in silk which allowed for flow and fluttering movement like an elegant princess dress. Teath had ripped out the set of long sleeves and the two stitched sides of the gown down the center, exposing the sides of the gown. Then, she light whipped the two vertical sides of the ruined gown back together with a needle and a long single strand of thin string of thread which held the fake dress together but could be swiftly ripped and away from the body, in case of an emergency or an attack of an assailant.
Last night, on the black stone wall, her dead mother had told Teath that the Princess Walk was a place of death for some reason. And Teath would find out herself.
So Teath heeded the good advice and planned accordingly, since she didn’t want to find out. She wanted to live and survive to find out who had ordered her death.
Teath had cut out the rounded collar yolk that fit around the throat of the midnight gown and then sewed the two horizontal loose ends of the cut fabric with a whipped stitch with a single strand of matching midnight blue thread also which elegantly wrapped over a collar bone on each side of her neck, in case the dress could be ripped off to fight off a vicious attack also.
During a vicious body attack, Teath needed to use both her arms and her legs. She could not defend a body inside an elegant princess gown with a set of long and fluttering folds of thick fabric that covered both legs and feet.
Her dead mother was very wise or very trickery with her information last night.
However, Teath would find out the truth this morning, since the princess walk was set to commence right now.
She wiggled into the battle gear with a smile. This was the first time that she would official utilize the battle dress. She had practiced a couple of times with one of the older Nans a few months ago. Teath had lost to the older and wiser woman but learned a set of valuable dance steps in maneuvering her body and her shift. However, the Pamburg Kingdom had been a peace for centuries and did not excite the natives with an enemy.
A shift was a lighted lance for defense of the person and attack at another enemy. It was a long thin rod which was measured by the length of your dominated fighting arm from the middle finger down into the crook of the elbow for carrying inside the arm pit. The shift was made of a light weight mineral that came from the Pamburg Mountain Range that surrounded the southern side of the kingdom. Each shift was burned into a silver tint. When it was twirled around in the air waves, it lighted into a different shade of hue based on the air molecules that hit the particular mineral of rock from the Pamburg rock mine. Each princess received a different type of mineral. Teath couldn’t remember all the hues but it covered the entire spectrum of colors. Her personal shift glowed in the color of bright yellow during her swift shift exercises from a couple of months ago.
She pressed both hands over the smooth leather with a smile and then a worried brow and a whisper. “I hope this all for show, not the other,” she reached up to the rack and grabbed down the reconstructed princes gown, gently slipping it over a skull with care. The ruined gown flowed down over her body, since the gown was designed to fit her body. The gown gently curved around the tight-fitting battle dress with ease, looking normal and ugly. Teath didn’t care. She had to wear a princess gown by the Nans and a battle dress by her dead mom. She would see who was right or wrong in a few more minutes.
She slipped both feet into the flat sandals and slowly swung around, slowly moving ahead like a princess in the fake gown through the archway of the closet and stopped inside her room with a gasp. “My shift, should I tote it with me?” Teath turned to see the shaft inside the wall corner with a frown. “No. this is a peaceful event, not a war party. I hope. Harpy, dead mother, you are one scary being.” She returned to face the open archway of her princess dome with a stern face, lifting the hemline of the dress very carefully showing off a pair of flat sandals with a set of glittering gems over the single strap, slowing moving over the smooth rock floor from her princess dome and then slowly climbing down the naturally formed built-in rock staircase as the last sister princess, who had arrived for the upcoming princess walk. She turned the wall corner inside the cave room and halted with a gasp.


Princess cave room setting


The princess cave room was a hollow space made of naturally chiseled away thick pieces of black colored stone, where a set of upright bodies of scattered huddles of princesses and a larger group of familiar and unfamiliar faces of the royal Nans stood over the smooth rock. Teath stared at the people with a gasp and a whisper. “My dead mom is right again.” She slowly moved ahead without the princess strut in the faked gown with worry and a fake smile.
On the opposite end of the cave room, there was a long table of food against the curvy rock wall. On the same side of the staircase, there was a single arched doorway that led into the princess throne room.
One of the unfamiliar faces of the Nans turned and frowned at each princess, standing in front of the single archway of the princess throne room with a hand wave and a fake smile. The Nan was sixty-four years old and as, the rich black colored cheekbone twinkled in dull black sparkles and communicated with the black tinted tiara on the forehead of each princess but Teath. She said. “Good morning. Welcome to the princes walk. I am not important here. You are today. I have eye witnessed two other princess walks in my long life time. Thus, this will be my third princess walk today. I am very thrilled to be here with you along with the other royal Nans. I promise most wholeheartedly. We are here to ensure that the princess walk is a success. This is the mission and the moment of each sister princess, where one of you will become the next queen of Pamburg. I promise. Now, please form a straight line in the proper birth order. Each sister princess was birthed in a specific order. You are to stand here and enter through the archway of plants based on your birth number. The thick curtain of plants is placed here to hide the progress of other your sister princess without peeking-a-booing or cheating. A princess does not cheat.”
“…only die,” Teath whispered for her eardrums only and as, her guts were flip-flopping with nervousness and excitement. All the other sisters chuckled with the royal Nans. Teath lifted the hemline of the dress, very carefully showing off a pair of flat sandals with a set of glittering gems over the strap, slowing moving over the smooth rock floor toward a developing line of sister princesses in front of the single archway of the princess throne room.
Each sister princess shifted around with a giggle and a grin and moved to stand in a semi-crooked line. Teath stopped and stood in the birth position inside the semi-crooked line with a fake smile, dropping down the hemline of the dress.
The other royal Nans stood in a semi-crooked line beside each sister princess with a wicked smile and a soft chuckle.
The head royal Nan stood beside the single archway and reached out and patting the naked collar bone of the sister princess with a smile and as, the rich black chin patch twinkled. “Romaggie, she was the first sister princess born to the mother Queen Shemerry. Thus, she gets to enter first.”
She stood at the rear of the line, Hokkeedo stomped both pair of spiked heels over the hard floor with a sour frown and crossed both arms over the dress with a sissy whine, and as her black tinted tiara forehead patch twinkled. “That’s not fair to me, Nan. She’ll arrive in front of the queen before me. I wanna go first. I am going to be last. I’ll miss to become queen of Pamburg.”
The head royal Nan sniggered with a sour frown. “Quiet! I can assure you the princess walk is equal in both strength and bravery. Each one will be walking over the same foot pathway. You are to follow the foot pathway and stand in front of your parents at the end of the pathway.” The other sister princesses sounded with a set of loud slaps and wore a happy smile. Teath softly clapped with a fake smile of worry. The head Nan frowned with a sour tone. “Quiet! You will enter one at a time, starting with the first born sister princess Romaggie. I will give each one of you a set of personal instructions after the previous sister princess has entered the room. The room is semi-dark for royal drama. You will receive a candle to show you the way. Now, each princess will remain quiet and respectful to your sister during the performance. Or you will be eliminated swiftly and permanently as the next queen of Pamburg.” Each perfumed head of hair of each sister princess nodded in silence, accepting the new mission along with Teath.


Princess Walk entranceway setting


Romaggie was the first born sister princess and stood in front of the archway of thick black colored plants with a smile, wearing an elegant gown of bright yellow. Her gown fitted at the waist and then bellowed into four separate skirts. Each skirt extended two feet into each direction around her tallness, covering the legs and a pair of high sandals. The top of the dress was both sleeveless and collarless. Her amber colored hair was upswept into a high bun on top of the skull and as her black tiara patch twinkled in dull colors. Her arms were covered in a pair of elbow gloves of bright yellow.
Behind the long dress train of Romaggie, Sinnot stood upright in lavender. The gown possessed a set of thick straps over a collar bone. In the rear of the dress, the fabric dropped down toward the curve of her spine, exposing the back skin. The front was V-shaped and covered each breast, moving down, and exposed her belly button. The skirt ballooned out near the kneecaps into a circle of twisted ringlets of lavender matching fabric underneath a pair of high sandals. Her face wore a black colored tiara patch and a smile of confidence. Her hair was twisted into a long braid that wiggled side to side in the air and over the back spine. Her arms were covered in matching lavender elbow gloves.
Medillane stood near the dress train of Sinnot in a red colored lace dress. The dress coated the throat down to the knuckles. The waistline was fitted and flared out into a circular gown of red colored satin underneath a pair of matching red colored high heeled pumps. Her forehead wore a black colored tiara patch also. Her short hair was down and touched the collar bone. Each hand wore a set of short wrist gloves of matching red hue.
Arcanna stood behind the dress train of Medillane in the color of dark green. She wore a sequin dress that covered the entire body and as, she held a breath for a few seconds from the tight fitting dress, slowing exhaling with nervousness. Then she held a breath again for a few more seconds, wishing the princess walk over. Her dress glittered from the bright sunrays that attacked the cave room entrance. Her hair was piled on top of the skull and as, her black tiara patch glittered in dull colors from the bright sunlight over the amber skin. He hands wore a set of fingerless gloves of matching sequins of green.
Yawnett stood upright with a giggle behind Arcanna in the color of bright orange that was blinding to the eyeballs of the other sisters. She wanted to be seen by the queen for her good taste and her good poise. The dress was an old fashioned A-line designer with a fitted waist and a slightly flared skirt without an extended dress train for tripping on a pair of sandals or getting dirty from the stomping shoes of her sisters. She wore a pair of orange colored high heeled sandals, a black tiara on the forehead, her long hair down the back spine, and a pair of orange colored wrist gloves.
Encarbod wore a silver tinted gown that tightly fit in the front and in the rear of her body over a body with each side split down the middle which showed off her legs and a pair of tall silver matching sandal heels. She kept wobbling back and forth from the extremely high pair of shoes. Her hair was braided over the skull. She wore a black colored tiara patch over the forehead. The rear of the dress extended three feet into the blue painted toes of Beebelle.
Beebelle stood behind the dress train of Encarbod with a smile of happiness. She wore a pink colored plantation dress with a big pink bow on the front of her breathes. There was bigger pink bow at the rear that was attached to the waistline. The skirt bellowed into a three feet circle of pink colored satin fabric that hid her sandals. She wore a black colored tiara and a pair of elbow length pink colored gloves.
Teath was the eighth sister in line and stood behind petite Beebelle with a gasp. She had forgotten the pair of gloves like a proper princess slapping at the naked arms with a sigh of worry and looked back over a collar bone. The other sister princesses stood upright in an elegant wide and fluffy gown of pretty vivid color with a pair of matching elbow gloves, and a black tiara forehead patch. She swung back around a worried brow to see over the short hair roots of Beebelle and the silver tinted rear dress of Encarbod, forgetting a face patch also.
The lead Nan shoved on the collar bone of Romaggie. Romaggie moved forward with a gasp and parted the thick wall of plants with a grunt with both gloved hands, wiggling side to side as her train dress disappeared into the black room. The wall of plants dropped back into place, slightly shivering with the unnatural touch. The other sister princesses slightly giggled with the funny movement of Romaggie.
“It starts.” Teath whispered for her eardrums only. She slowly moved ahead within the princess line and watched each sister disappear into the darkness.
Finally, she stood in front of the fluttering curtain of thick stems and thick fanning leaves of solid black with a pair of acute eyeballs that could see anything through the wall of plants and felt a set of fluttering butterflies inside a stomach, and a pair of sweaty hands. She wished for a pair of elbow gloves that could contain the sweaty water inside each palm. When the curtain shifted sideways from the archway, she could see a bright light in the close distance throughout the darkness of the room. It represented the glowing candle of her sister princess. She exhaled with a puff of nervousness, alleviating tons of stress and fear. 
The older Nan leaned over and sneered into the nose profile of Teath. “That has to be the ugliest gown from your princess closet, Teath.”
Teath stared ahead with a fake smile and tried to see through the thick curtains of black plants, not seeing Beebelle inside the darken cave room. “It is my chosen princess gown for the princes walk. How long is the princess walk?”
She sneered into the cheekbone of Teath. “It depends.”
“When does the queen pick out the next queen?”
“It depends.”
Teath gasped. “Depends on what?”
“It’s your turn, sister princess. Move through the archway.”
“all right,” Teath reached up and shoved the set of fanning leaves to the side, entering a smaller room. In front of her eyeballs, there was a black curtain which blocked the interior of the princess throne room. She stopped and stood in place with a puzzled brown, “What…”
The new royal Nan reached out and extended the object into the hands of Teath with a sneer. “This is your torch. It is a lighted and flaming candle in the color of bright white that will guide your sandals along the foot path. Do not drop it! Do not allow the flame to die out! Always hold it between your gloved hands.” She gasped. “Where are you gloves?”
Teath turned and smiled at the Nan, accepting the candle with a cupped base of soft plastic which protected the naked hands. “I forget them.”
She exhaled, “No matter! You will hold the candle between your hands regardless of what you feel or you hear.”
Teath held the candle with a gasp. “What I hear? Why? What does that mean? I don’t understand.”
“Quite!” She sneered with a sour tone. “I promise. You will understand. When you walk down the princess foot path, you are not to speak or scream…”
Teath held the base of the candle with both hands with a gasp again. “Scream from what? Why would I scream?”
“Quiet!” She sneered with a sour frown. “A princess is humble and quiet through each and every chaos and cautious situation. This is your final test as a princess. However, you are young and only sixteen years old. Thus, you will be gagged with a mouth cloth…”
“What?” Teath sidestepped with a gasp. “No way, old lady.”
She smiled. “Then, you will not participate in the princess walk here right now and will never have a chance for queen-ship of the Pamburg Kingdom today. So, do you choose to forfeit that birth right?”
Teath gasped and understood. The group of older royal Nans who possessed amber hair, skin, and eyeballs was really a small set of failed and rejected princesses, who had been frightened into not participating or failing within the princess walk for some reason. Teath could become one of them or earn the title of a real queen, exhaling with a puff of determined nervous. “I chose not to forfeit my princess birth right.”
She sniggered. “Good! You will be mouth gagged first. Then, you will be blindfolded second.”
Teath held the short melting candled at the soft non-burning plastic base that collected the melting and sizzling wax with a gasp, “What for? Why me?”
She sneered. “Do you dare to reject your birth right for a second time?”
“No.” Teath held the melting candle at the base with a sign of defeat.
The Nan reached over and tied a thick cloth around the two wrists bones of Teath which secured the candle inside the open palms. Then she reached up and tied a blindfold around the eyeballs of Teath. Then, the Nan said. “Open your mouth.” Teath dropped down a jaw line. The royal Nan inserted a ball of soft cloth onto the tongue of Teath. “Close your mouth.” Teath closed the jaw line. The soft cloth glued around her lips without sound as she grunted with shock, fear, fright, and terror.
Teath was not deaf with hearing but blind with eye sight, standing in front of the black curtain which she could see. The Nan shoved the collar bone of Teath through the black curtain with a snigger.
Teath slowly moved ahead and felt the thin curtain drape over both naked arms. She couldn’t believe that the thin cloth curtain didn’t catch fire from the burning candle but it was fire resistance. She cleared the curtain and slowly moved forward with fear and worry, hearing the nasty snigger of the old and ugly royal Nan.
Her dead mother was correct. This was a death trap if she accidentally ran into one of her sister princesses with the flames of burning candle in a set of tied wrist bones. The other sister princess wore a pair of gloves which could catch fire or prevent a naked hand from escaping the tied bonds of the soft cloth also.


Princess throne room setting


The princess throne room was really an extra-large cave-like room with a set of four solid walls and a high ceiling of natural coated black colored stone which was really a curvy out hole inside the mountain. The four walls blocked out the weather elements of heat and sun. The front of the princess throne exhibited a single arched doorway of stone where a set of draping and drooping dark black willowy natural thick stems with matching palm-like fanning leaves grew out from the thick cracks of rock. The drooping and willowy row of thick soft plants dangled down and covered the single entranceway.
On the far side wall inside the princess throne room, there stood two individual throne chairs made of the same black stone on the wall to disguise the bodies. “Here comes a new flame of white candle light flicker,” Queen Shemerry whispered with a chuckle at the newest princess to enter through the curtains and as, the cheekbone face patch twinkled in darkest purple tones which barely illuminated within the darkness of the princess throne room.
The black curtain fluttered side to side, showing the smiling royal Nan. Teath slowly moved forward and slowly extended a right flat sandal, planting it on top of a very narrow footpath with a gasp, leaning a body forward for an upright balance with the rest of her weight on the top of the solid floor with a left leg and a foot. She couldn’t talk with the suffocating mouth gag between her lips, where her mouth salvia soaked into the thin cloth and then dripped down both sides of the closed lips as it felt yucky and wet.
The foot path was only a few inches in wide, maybe five inches. Her foot was a size eight which was about three and nine/sixteenth inches. She couldn’t scream or gasp with shock with the mouth gag. She couldn’t see the footpath with a thin fabric of soft blindfold. She didn’t drop the candle and felt the lightweight of the candle holder between her open palms of two tied and bounded wrist bones.
On the side wall in darkness, “Hmm, this one is smarter than the rest. She is not moving forward.” Conic smiled and as, his cheekbone face patch twinkled in dark purple tones that matched the rear of the wall in total disguise from each sister princess. Each princess couldn’t see through the blindfold but he didn’t want to take a chance that one would see him and figure out the mind game.
Teath quickly lifted a right foot from the narrow footpath and flung the flat loose sandal out her toes, pitching it sideways. The sandal slid off and landed down into a body of shallow water on the right side of her body. She heard the slap of the single sandal inside the water and a deeply splash sound of another larger object. She suddenly realized that the throne room was the old playground when she was a young child princess.
The floor of this room consisted of a set of individual sections or pits. The word pit was a better description of the space that was surrounded by a tiny wall. The wall went two feet up, coming up from the pit floor and into the open air. As a young child, Teath and her other sisters played for hours inside the room of deep pits which was labeled as a playground. Inside each pit, there was an individual step ladder which was used to climb down and up the wall, over the wall short ledge, and descend down into the opposite pit for more play time hours with each sister without getting harmed.
Thus, the ledge of the wall between each pit was five inches in width.
She couldn’t gasp with shock with the mouth gag. She and her sister princesses practiced on a set of ten toppy toes inside the garden of stinging flowers each day for a few hours, dancing over the smooth purple stone of five inches in wide. If an upright foot missed the narrow smooth stone, then some of the naked toes were sting on a set of pretty prickly flowers. This was the true practice of the princess dance, without an explanation.
This was a true test fit for the queen of the Pamburg Kingdom.
Teath extended both tied wrist bones toward the empty air waves, keeping a body in balance, slowly dropping back down a right foot in front of the left leg and flat onto the dry wall ledge. She slowed lifted and flung off the flat sandal behind the back spine out from her toes, hearing the sandal a single splash on the left side of her body.
Then, she heard a set of deeper splashes of a larger object. She planted a set of tippy toes on a left foot behind the right foot, balancing out a body on top of the narrow ledge with a worried brow and an active mind. She didn’t move but slowly exhaled a steady breath through the mouth gag, before passing out from fear and panic. Then, she would have dropped and fallen down into one of parallel water pits, losing the queen-ship title to become one of the ugly and nasty royal Nans.
Teath was determined to defeat the nasty Nans and all her arrogant sisters.
She slowly lifted upright on top of all ten toes of each foot into the air and balanced a body and the stupid candle in set of bounded open palms with fear, nervousness, fright, and excitement. She wished that the candle had not been tied down into the open palms, making the foot path more difficult.
If she accidentally lost her footing on top of the narrow ledge and tumbled down into one of the pits of water, then candle flame would die immediately and everyone would notice it too. Thus, Teath would lose the queen-ship title and become a nasty Nan like her personal old and wrinkled Nan.
She steadied an entire body and slowly moved over the five inches of smooth stone with the candle.
On the side of the wall, where she was almost invisible inside the black stone, her whisper echoed through the chin patch to her husband Conic. “Who is that?”
“I believe it the princess number eight.” Conic whispered back in the matching dark purple colored chin patch with a smile.
“What is her name?”
“I don’t know.”
“Didn’t you know the name of your daughter?”
She frowned. “Please, really?”
He chuckled. “I thought so.”
On top of the wall edge, Teath could not see but tried to recall the layout of the playground within an active mind. Her tippy toes slowly moved forward over the dry and smooth stone and as her body felt the rear of the long gown flutter in the air. She was making good time over the smooth stone toward the end of the pathway, finishing the princess walk in record time.
She thought maybe the faster tip toe speed won the title of queen-ship. If so, Teath was moving pretty fast until she would be halted after running into the dress hem of another sister princess, in which she could not skip over the tallness of the sister princess.
She couldn’t gasp with a tongue but moaned.
Yes, that was the mind game at play here inside the princess throne room. It was a childish game to ram into the back spine of the forward sister and then push the princess over and down into the pit of water for nasty fun. Then Teath would tip toe over the narrow ledge as the first princess onto the solid floor, thus winning the queen-ship.
Yes, that was her goal and her plot to be the queen of Pamburg Kingdom along with the other thirteen sister princesses.
Since the two eyeballs, the tongue, and both the hands were bound, her other natural senses compensated and enhanced the other remaining senses of hearing and smell. Her eardrums heard a splash of water behind the rear of her dress. Then, the tippy toes of a left foot hit the wet concrete on top of the ledge. Teath continued to slowly move over the ledge within the wetness without tumbling down into the pit. She was thankful with the wise advice from her dead mom, wearing a pair of the flat sandals that had been tossed into the water first, allowing foot freedom. If she was wearing a pair of tall high heels, then she could easier slip sideways and fall off the ledge, tumbling down into the water while losing the title of queen of Pamburg Kingdom.
Then, the rear of the dress slightly stuck and slowly dragged over the wet puddles of water on the wall ledge and then slightly jerked her collar bone backward. She pushed the pads of her palms with the base of the burning candle backward and grabbed the front of the loose dress, jerking the gathered fabric forward from her breasts. The dress split and parted at the collar bone like planned, separating into two pieces, slipping away from her body, and gently dropped down into the side pits of water with a soft slurp.
Teath thought within her active mind that was very strange, since she couldn’t moan or groan or whisper.
She cleared a mind and slowly tipped toed forward over the smooth stone of five inches wide and exhaled with a steady stream of breath through a pair of open nostrils, since the mouth cloth blocked breathing through the lips. If she panicked with fear, then Teath would lose her balance and tumble down into the water, maybe drowning inside shallow pit of water with the stupid mouth gag over the lips. A sister princess couldn’t breathe through the pair of naked nose holes, including Teath.
There was a big sound of splash ahead of Teath. Then, a large wave of cold salty water hit both set of toes and wet her skin up to the leg calves. She halted and slowly stood with both feet over the over the wet concrete in frustration and as, her active mind tried to puzzle out the sound for a few seconds.
Teath couldn’t figure out the series of large splashes of thrusting sounds and the continuous waves of salty wet over both her naked toes and on top of the five inched ledge of the wall. Behind a back spine, she could hear the snigger of the nasty Nan when the black curtain slid open, releasing a new sister princess into the throne room. Teath was number eight. She panicked with alert, since more of her sisters were coming through the black curtain and into the princess throne room. One of the rear sisters could move swiftly over the narrow wide of ledge and knock the other sisters off the narrow ledge of the wall like the tallest sister princess Hokkeedo and then eventually reaching Teath. Hokkeedo could knock Teath sideways with her brute strength as Teath fell and down into the water pit with disappointment while Hokkeedo grabbed the title of queen of Pamburg.
The dark princess throne room was extremely quiet as any tiny sound echoed off each one of the solid walls that created a soft muffled sound into the eardrums of Teath.
She continued to stand in place on top of the wet ledge with extreme frustration and deep curious that could kill a healthy cat. Then, something very large in the near distance of Teath dropped down in the water with a series of loud splash and wild thrusts inside the water pit that echoed within both her naked eardrums. There were seven other sister princess ahead of Teath. With the dark colored blindfold, she couldn’t see the anything but darkness. Within her eardrums, the sound of each splash grew louder and more intense.
Teath slowly wiggling side to side a left naked wrist bone out from the wrapped thin cloth ropes around both wrist bones, lifting the hand into a face. She reached up the left side of the blindfold, flipping the edge of the fabric over a left eye. She was right-hand dominate working a right hand for touch and a right eye for better visual within the dark princess throne room.
She couldn’t gasp with shock. Teath was correct. The entire old playground had been flooded with water inside each two-foot deep individual pit. She could barely see the tiny waves of dark water near her feet. Looking up into the darkness ahead toward the end of the ledge at the forward wall, she narrowed the left eyelash and searched the semi-darkness, not seeing any movement or an upright figure or a glowing gown or a burning candle in the air waves.
That’s strange!
Romaggie wore a bright yellow gown which could illuminate as sunlight inside any type of darkness, since the color of yellow was the brightest hue on the planet. Yawnett displayed a bright orange colored gown that would blind a bat within the darkness also. And Encarbod wore a silver tinted gown that should be twinkling in pretty tints coming from the candle flames.
However, Teath didn’t see any colored gowns, flickering candle light or a movement ahead of her, only darkness.
On the side wall inside the princess throne room in the throne chair, Shemerry stared at the lighted candle of sister princess eight with a puzzled brow. “What is she doing there? She is just standing there, not moving. Why doesn’t she move forward toward the solid floor?”
Conic smiled and as, the chin patch barely twinkled in dark purple hues that was disguised by the wall of darkness. “She is listening with both her naked eardrums. I believe that sister princess number eight is the smartest of all. She is trying to figure out the odd sounds that echo throughout the princess throne room.”
Shemerry exhaled, “Nonsense! She will never figure it out. I have my bet on sister princess number fourteen, the last one. She is the strongest, the smartest, and the bravest of all. Just watch and wait! She will be my successor, once the lights are illuminated.”
He continued to smile and watched the other sister princesses slid through the curtain. “Maybe…”
On top of the narrow ledge, Teath continued to stand and stare into the darkness with deep puzzlement. Her eardrums heard a large splash and then the sound of thrusts. She slowly lifted upon the ten toes like she had practice at the princess dance making her toes both tough and strong, slowly walking over the wet concrete with the flickering candle light. She kept the left eyeball exposed in the air, in case of something bad.
As she approached the new set of parallel water pits within her eardrums, the sound of each splash grew louder and more intense like something else was inside the water beside water.
The waves of water peaked and covered the narrow ledge also.
In the rear of her butthole, her eardrums heard another splash.
Teath halted and slowly lowered down all toes into a pair of flat feet, slowly turning the neck muscles to the side, where a left exposed eyeball could see the action behind a back spine.
The black curtain parted and split, a figure in the color peach moved over the top of the narrow ledge of the wall. Then the figure tilted to the side and dropped down into the pit of water with a very large splash.
Teath softly giggled and gently mouth spat inside the dirty wet gag and, as her active mind solved the loud and numerous water splashes. Each splash was a sister princess that had slipped off the ledge and dropped down, falling into the water, literally with a splash. The water was shallow without drowning into death. The fallen sister princess could stand and make more splashing noises.
Teath slowly twisted the neck muscle toward the forward wall and lifted upon the ten toes, slowly moving ahead on top of the narrow ledge. She led the rest of the sister princesses, making a soft grunt down into the throat with her victory and hit the next water pit.
An object swiftly lifted upward from the waves of water within the dull vision of her left eyeball.
Then, her nose holes sounded the sour smell of onions.
Teath halted and lowered both feet down back down onto the level surface and as, her heart started and re-started. The stink inside her nose holes of sour onions smelled like the mouth odor of the nest of gators that lived inside the wet slimy green colored swamps. She recalled the sour smell when Teath had been punished at dinner time and as, her punishment was to feed the gators one evening all the abused and uneaten food, after suppertime.
Teath had been tossing food items at her sister Gotterina. Then they both were caught and punished. Gotterina was very afraid to move near the swamps and the nest of gators. Teath felt bad for getting Gotterina in trouble, so she marched ahead and stopped, standing a few feet from the water and tossed the smelly food into the greenish tinted swamp stream. The baby gators ate the tossed food as the mama gator watched from a close distance.
Teath would never forget. The mama gator opened a mouth of top and bottom yellow colored fangs, admitting an unpleasant odor of sour onions. The air currents carried the smell into her nose holes of Teath. Teath finished the punishment task and spun around, racing away with Gotterina from the swamps.
It made perfect sense.
Each two-foot pit on each side of her body continued to toss an array of cold salty water over both set of toes and sounded with a set of deeper splashes within her sensitive eardrums, because each pit was filled with cold salt water that had been drained from the Delta waters. The delta water flowed in front of the palace mountain. The salt water contained a native animal which was one or two gators. The pit was very wide to accommodate a four-feet long living and breathing gator.
Teath didn’t move or breathe with fear. Within her eardrums, the sound of each splash grew louder and more intense.
There were two gators were playing or fighting inside that pit. She couldn’t gasp with the mouth gag over the lips. The object had to be the sister princess in front of her. She exhaled with a steady breath of fear and two eyeballs of tears.
Yes, the object was a sister princess who was tiny Beebelle.
It made perfect sense now.
Each sister princess wore an elegant gown with a pair of spiked heels. Each princess would have had difficult chore walking on top of five inches of smooth dry stone. All the toes of Teath were wet. Thus, the ledge was wet and slick on a pair of spiked taps.
Beebelle had slipped sideways and tumbled over into the pit of water without getting injured from the soft shallow water. She could scream with the gag inside a mouth. She could breathe through nose holes. She could fight with a set of tied wrist bones. She could see what was happening until the gator bit down into her wiggling body. Then, the gator killed Beebelle.
There was not a sister ahead of Teath that carried a flickering candle or a bright gown of color, because each sister had slipped on one of the wet puddles in a pair of her highest pair of sandals and then dropped over tumbling down into the water pit of gators.
Seven of the fourteen sister-princesses had been murdered by an alive and hungry gator inside the watery pit.
On the side wall inside the princess throne room, Conic smiled, “Awe. Look at that! Sister Princess Eight has figured out that there is a gator swimming around inside each pit. It surfaces above the water and in the air occasionally looking for more fresh meat. I told you, my wife. My plan of capturing and penning a nest of gators and then starving each one would provide a more entertainment drama within the princess walk,” softly chuckling.
Shemerry softly laughed into the chin patch. “And she has figured out that the seven other sisters are drowned and eaten with the gator in death. Yes, Sister Princess Number Eight is very smart.”
The dark object dropped down below the water as the waves splashed over the water.
On top of the wall ledge, Teath lifted upon all toes into the air again and swiftly moved ahead, going passed each water pit with fear. She was over three-fourths of the way toward the forward wall and the solid floor.
On the side wall within the dark blue stone, Shemerry smiled at the black curtain. The curtain parted. The tall figure in a golden colored dress moved ahead over the narrow ledge. “Here comes my girl! So far, there are only two sister princesses left to complete the princess walk.”
“What happens if there are two princesses left at the end of the walk? Usually, there is only one to survive the princess walk to become the queen of Pamburg Kingdom like feisty you, my wife. While the rest of the other survivors turn tail and ran back into the cave room. So, what do we do?”
Shemerry smiled and watched Sister Princess Number Fourteen. “We wait and watch. Then we decide something if two of them survive which I seriously doubt.”
On the far end of the narrow ledge near the forward wall, Teath continued to slowly tipped toed forward over the smooth stone of five inches and exhaled with a steady stream of breath.  If she panicked, then she would lose her balance and tumble down into the water with the hunger gator. She didn’t think that Romaggie got this far. The water is not shifting with a set of rippling waves which means the gator was asleep or watching the feet of Teath.
On the side wall inside the princess throne room, the wall between the two royal chairs of the queen and the king glowed in the bright aqua tint. Then, the burning wall sizzled in heat, dropping a set of aqua colored chunks over the hard floor and the between the royal chairs.
Shemerry spun around with a sour frown to see the new blazing new wall design, and as her cheekbone face patch glittered in dark purple tones, speaking to her husband King Conic. “Why have your decided to highlight the princess walk with a flame of fire on the wall? The light is blinding to my eyeballs. The time is not perfect. The only girl has 
Conic spun around with a sour frown to see the blazing object on the wall of aqua colors. “I have not, wife. I have not arranged a special presentation for your death or the new presentation of the new queen. What is that coming through the solid wall?”
She frowned at the wall. “My death will be within a few more hours. Thanks for the unkind compliment, husband. It is not a solid wall of stone. Our two throne chairs stand behind the side of the palace mountain. This is a fake wall. The wall is made of dried and packed purple colored mud. This wall was cut out a long time ago to create the room for the first princess walk. During the year, the wall is patched with more purple and dried mud. However, your silly design is actually burning a hole through the mud in the ugly color of puke green.”
“The wall is turning into an ugly green like your stinky and rotten toenails, Shemerry.”
Shemerry sneered at the wall. “I can see that. Thanks for your ugly compliment, husband. Stop the advancement of the flame! The wall is heating the air and my throne chair.” A large chunk of solid aqua mud dropped down and fell over the rock floor, revealing a tall stranger that glowed in golden tones.
On top of the narrow ledge, sister princess number fourteen stopped on top of the narrow ledge, hearing the nasty word exchange. She extended a sandal sideways and felt air waves, slowing lowering the leg down and touched the water surface. The pits that were used during childhood were filled with water for fun, in case a sister was purposefully or accidentally pushed down into the water. Hokkeedo will slide down into the water and listen to the word exchange between the king and the queen, standing inside the pit which was two feet tall. She didn’t care if her clothes were wet. Hokkeedo could still win the queen-ship title after running through the slowly moving other princesses and then shoved each one down into the water pit, racing and reaching the other side with the solid floor. She will win it all.
Hokkeedo slowly dropped down into the water and stood upright, holding the candle with a mouth of dripping saliva inside the gag. The gator swam ahead and viciously slammed into the dress and then the leg with an open mouth, biting into the upright meat of the leg and closed the jaws. The gator swam backwards and drowned the tallness of Hokkeedo inside the two feet of water in silence with a touch of rough water waves. 
Behind a spine back, her naked eardrums heard the loud booms of solid matter. Teath halted on her toppy toes and stood on top of the five inches of solid stone with a gasp, slowly twisting a face toward the right side, where a left eyeball saw the opening in the wall with a tall monster with four arms and four legs in the colors of golden. She tossed the candle down into the water to disguise her fear and her delicate position on top of the ledge, not understanding what was happening.
A set of gators splashed around and moved toward the candle object like a new piece of food.
On the side wall, a mysterious stranger stood inside the opening of the blue colored wall among the sizzling mud and the white steam, creating a yellow bright glow.
Teath remembered at the end of the wall ledge, there was a solid floor of seven feet wide. The solid floor ran against the forward wall and on both sides of the pits. One side of the wall led toward a set of individual throne chairs, where the two royals stood in-between the tall monster of golden blaze.
Teath could see the queen and the king in tiara and robes with a puzzled brow.
On the wall, the monster with wavering four arms in the air and four legs stumbled down from the opening with a loud voice. “Where is my child?”
On top of the narrow ledge, sister princess number fourteen stopped on top of the narrow ledge in blindness and held the flickering candle, hearing the exchange with queen and the stranger.
The queen laughed with amusement. “Is this a good show, Conic? I should have thought of it first.”
“I did not, wife. Who are you, stranger? You have destroyed that wall. And you will repair the wall.”
On top of the narrow ledge in front of the black curtain, Sister Princess Fourteen wanted to protect her person and slipped down into the side, drowning the flicker candle, and stood inside the two feet of salt water. She smelled the sour onions with a grunt. Then, the gator attacked the upright teen without a scream from Hokkeedo.
On the side wall in front of the dark hole, the monster lifted a shaft over the two heads with a sneer and pressed a button on the rod. A sideway long blade protruded from the center of the rod. The monster reared back a set of two arms and slammed the serrated blade in the rounded rod on the yellow lighted shaft completely through the neck of the queen. Her head decapitated from a body, rolling down the front of elegant gown, tumbling down into the lap.
Conic laughed with a smile at the severed head of his dead queen-wife inside her dress with the eyeballs open. “Good show, stranger! I wished that I had purchased your act first. The old bat was going to die by midnight, tonight, anyways. So, I guess she wanted a more drama exit. It doesn’t matter, any ways. The last princess will be the next queen of Pamburg anyways.”
The monster spun around in the golden helmet and said to King Conic through the slotted hole that served as the lips. “Where is my child?”
Teath lifted upright on all toes and ran over the narrow wide of the ledge, sliding forward on both arms down over the solid floor, stopping at the solid wall with a grunt, without a headache. She curled into a ball over the floor facing the wall and then swiftly un-wrapped the cloth of the wrist bones, the blindfold over the eyeballs, and the mouth gag inside a tongue with a set of deep pants of fear, smashing the wet cloths against the solid wall. She slowly turned a face to see the stranger.
On the side wall, King Conic continued to laugh. “I don’t know what you are talking about.”
The monster reared back the same two arms and slammed the serrated blade completely through the neck of the king with a sneer. His head with the golden colored crown decapitated from a body, rolling down the space between the legs of the Conic onto the hard surface of the chair and then landed with a soft thud on top of the level floor. The stranger spun around with a sneer and examined the water pits.
On the forward wall, Teath curled into a ball and hid the amber colored hair, tucking a chin down into her chest. The battle gear dress was solid black colored on her back spine, easily blending into the black wall from the unknown and deadly monster.
On the side wall, the monster moved ahead in glowing yellow from the two dead bodies and the two throne chairs, stopping, and then knelt down at the edge of the solid floor while examining the closest pit of water. The monster dropped the smaller tip of the shaft down into the pit. The water sizzled and created a plume of white steam that covered the body arms of gold on the stranger. The gator swung around and swam toward the new piece of food with an open mouth of sharp fangs. The monster lifted the shaft with two hands and slammed the sharp blade tip down into the skull of the gator, before it bit the gloved hand. The gator died instantly and flowed over the water, slowing sinking down into the water with sounds of popping bubbles.
Teath covered her mouth with a gasp, slowly pushing and crawling over the smooth floor with both naked legs and feet against the side wall of solid rock.
In front of the water, pit, the monster could see through the tiny slants of the golden colored mask, looking down into the pit of water, placing the shaft tip back down into the water. The water sizzled and created a puff of white steam that covered the mask and the golden body armor.
Teath continued to crawl toward the side of the wall and held the nose holes of stink with a worried brow, watching the stranger.
The monster jumped into the air and landed on top of the narrow ledge, leaning down, stabbing the smaller tip back down into the second water pit. The water evaporated and revealed a dead body of the gator and a dead teen girl. Then, the monster jumped down into the dry pit and knelt, placing the tip on top of the gator. The gator skin and bones sizzled with a creepy hiss.
On the forward wall, Teath continued to crawl toward the side of the wall and could smell the cooked raw meat of the gator, hearing the pop of the exploding bones, and almost feel the sizzling of the tissues. The gator was disintegrating down inside a pile of red and yellow ashes. Then, she smelled the burnt flesh, hear the sizzling of the blood, felt the pop of the bones of a second object with a gasp. It was one of her sister princesses inside the water pit with the gator that didn’t get eaten whole.
The monster continued to sizzle the water and the bones of the live gator and the dead sister princess into piles of dry ashes of color.
Then, the black curtain gently fluttered open with an amber face and as the face gasped in shock.
The monster stood upright inside the steaming water pit and stared at the new face, jumping onto the narrow ledge, leaping over the pits with ease and dashed through the black curtain.
Teath stood in a crouch pose and raced toward the open side of the wall, stopping on bent kneecaps down into the small puddle of water and heard the loud screams outside the throne room, coming from inside cave room with curiosity. She slowly leaned around the wall corner, where the puddle of water drained down from the tiny waterfall. To enter the play room as a young child, each princess slid down a rock covered tiny play slide, coming down from the second tier, not through the arched doorway of the princess throne room. That was why Teath didn’t recognize the single plant adorned archway until she entered the room and stepped over the narrow ledge of five inches of solid rock. She dropped down and sucked up the fresh water with a gasp. Inside the cave room, the monster was attacking and slicing the shaft at each royal Nan, leaving behind a trail of body parts and numerous wet and runny blood puddles.
She swiftly lifted upright from the water and spun around with a worried brow, reaching out and grabbed onto the sides of the slick rock of the waterfall, bending down and climbed up the slightly steep waterslide in silence where the water trickled down into the princess play room from the second level. She would survive to tattle the tale of the princess walk to other girls, women, and other natives of the Pamburg Kingdom.


8th hour (early morn)

Prince House location

Delta waters setting
Cool temperatures with light breeze and dull sunray


The Pamburg Kingdom rested on the opposite end of the large land continent and far away from the rest of the Confederation nations by geographical land grab from the ancient ancestors, centuries ago. To mark and measure off the land property of the Pamburg Kingdom, the natives had built and currently maintained a curvy fence with a pair of twin gates. The semi-curvy and ugly high fence was one-third of a long section with an array of multiple crisscrossed shiny and glittering colorful crystal rock bars, running up, down, and sideways, creating a continuous fence in front of the Delta waters that kissed the mountain range dirt on the southwestern side.
On the northeastern side, the fence ran to the edge of the landscape and stopped at the Delta water line.
The fence plus the two gates kept the visitors out and kept the natives inside by choice. There was a set of two matching gates of multiple crisscrossed matching crystal rock bars that only opened outward, where a set of twin gates were operated and powered by a single handprint coming from each royal prince born to the two ruling royals King Conic and Queen Shemerry.
Currently, the fourteen royal princes lived inside a set of two separated living quarters that was connected by a single central hallway in the middle of the twin gates. Each Prince House was located behind one crystal gate. Each royal prince served as a protector of the gate and the kingdom of Pamburg with a life force of duty and honor.
The Prince House almost matched the height and the length of each tall crystal gate, allowing each royal prince a separate apartment of privacy and loneliness until it was time for the Prince Walk.
During the Prince Walk, one of the royal princes would survive and become the next king of the Pamburg Kingdom.
The Pamburg Kingdom was a rich assortment of land and rivers that provided a set of self-contained beautiful villages without interference from the nosy Confederation royals. For eons, the newly selected Confederation imperator had been invited into the Pamburg Kingdom for a social visit. During the social visit inside the mountain castle, the imperator kindly asked and invited the Pamburg rules to join the Confederation and share all the land and water resources with the other natives. However, King Conic had declined with a fake smile and a head nod which had been exactly similar with his dead royal ancestors.
At the end of the sixteenth yearly reign, King Conic would die. The next successful royal prince from the Prince Walk would succeed the king to become the new ruler of the Pamburg Kingdom.
Within the Pamburg Kingdom, there were numerous work villages which housed all the royal natives. Each year, each royal prince selected a mate from one of the fourteen villages. After the Prince Walk, the fourteen virgins were given to the new king of Pamburg. Then, a process of new heirs commenced immediately. This had been the ritual for eons.


Bot room setting


Inside each Prince House, the central hallway contained a long and wide compartment that housed all the tall and wide bot equipment for air, water, heat, air conditioning of each individual and the operation of the twin gates for safety. For one particular royal prince, there was also the moment to learn about housekeeping and obeying the royal order.
The elderly male was a squire, wearing a sour frown and a Pamburg battle suit. The battle suit was a midnight blue short jacket without sleeves and a shirt that was paired with a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of polished midnight blue knee boots. He was average height and weight with a head of grayish amber colored hair, a tone of wrinkled amber tinted skin and a pair of wrinkled and old amber eyeballs. “Cumberrat, come over here…”
Cumberrun stopped the mop and the motion, rolling both eyeballs and shake his shoulder length amber colored curls with a sour frown. “Squire, my name is Cumberrun.”
He frowned with a louder tone. “Cumberrat, come over here and stand beside my nose profile!”
Cumberrun frowned with fury, “Da…”
“Were you about to say something nasty in my presence, prince?” He continued to lean down over the wet floor and pointed down at the spot on the floor with a stern face.
“Daggett,” Cumberrun whispered for his eardrums only and released the manual mop handle. The mop dropped down and hit the hard floor with a loud pop. He swung around smartly on a pair of dirty rich black colored knee boots and moved ahead, stopping next to the nose profile of the squire, looking down with a sour frown at the red colored blisters on both tender hands from the princely punishment assignment. He stood over the amber-grayish colored hair roots of older mature male with a sour tone, “Yeah…”
“Yes sir,” the older mature male continued to lean down with a sour frown and pointed down a finger at the tiny wet puddle over the hard floor. “What is this?”
Cumberrun continued to examine a pair of red and chapped naked hands with a sour frown. “Dish pan hands and raising red colored blisters, I won’t be touching a babe for weeks. My hands will chap her tender a…”
“As I was saying and pointing down with a finger here, what is this?”
Cumberrun rubbed the throbbing palms together from the princely work punishment and as, his eyelids darted down to the floor. “A puddle…”
“A puddle of water, this must be cleaned, royal prince.”
Cumberrun reached down and rubbed both the blistered hands over the dirty naked chest with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Ugh! Turn on the big fan up there on the top high ceiling and over my wet hair roots. Then, let both of us dry off. Then, the heat will evaporate the wet puddle on the floor and the water droplets on my naked chest too.” He reached down and flicked one water droplet form a naked chest with a grin and a chuckle.
The finger of the squire continued to point down to the wet spot on the floor and as, the voice of the squire sounded with a nastier tone to the royal prince. “Or you can go and grab the mop and clean the wet spot while I stand here and observe…”
The bot room door slid open and revealed the dull light from the hallway. The young teen male entered with a smile and stopped a few inches inside the room with a worried brow. “O. Please excuse me, sir!” The door slid closed behind his back spine in silence.
The voice of the squire grunted down at the wet puddle. “What is it, Strawn?”
Strawn turned and smiled at the back spine of Cumberrun. “Well, sir, I need Prince Cumberrat…”
“Cumberrun…” The prince looked up and turned with a sour frown to see his buddy Strawn.
Strawn winked with a smile at his princely friend Cumberrun. “Yeah, I need the prince immediately, sir. There’s another glitch within the closing application on my side of the crystal gate. Prince Cumberrat fixed it really good, last time. I have tried along with the other princes, but we have all failed quickly and miserably. Please, sir! You can release the troublesome Prince Cumberrat into my custody now. Then, I will return him as soon as…”
“Very well, Prince Strawn,” the older squire exhaled with defeat and looked up to see the other prince with a sour frown. “Get going, Prince Cumberrat!”
“Cumberrun…” he frowned at the nasty mispronunciation of his real name into the wicked grin of the squire.
The squired jabbed a finger down at the wet puddle at Cumberrun. “And then, you are to come back here immediately and clean up the wet puddle on the floor, Prince Cumberrat.”
“Yes, squire,” Cumberrun back stepped from the squire and turned with a grin to see Strawn, moving ahead toward the closed archway.
Strawn back stepped with a smile and touched the metal door with the finger. The door slid open from the heat. “Thank you, squire. Come on, Cumberrat.” He spun around on a pair of polished boots and dashed through the open archway, turning, and ran down the open hallway with a grin.
Cumberrun exited the bot room second and turned with a confused brow, dashing behind the back spine of Strawn with a yell. “Wait up!” He continued to run down the empty corridor with a smile.
“This is an emergency, numb!” Strawn turned the wall corner and spun around and stopped with a smile. Cumberrun turned the same wall corner and slammed into the clothed chest of Strawn with a chuckle. Strawn shoved Cumberrun from a face with a growl. “What did you do that?”
Cumberrun back stepped with a laugh and a grin, snatching the wet and naked chest. “You needed to side step like a lovely princess from my body slam, if you can’t the take the girly punch.”
Strawn frowned. “Why were you cleaning the floor inside the bot room?”
He frowned. “Why did it take you so long to get me out of cleaning the floor inside the bot room?”
“What did you do as work punishment to clean the floor inside the bot room? No one cleans the floor inside the bot room but the cleaning bots. No one that I have ever known has had to clean the room inside the bot room for…”
“Why did it you take you thirty minutes to come and get me outta of cleaning the floor inside the bot room, Strawn?”
Strawn laughed. “I wanna hear an answer to my question first.”
He leaned over with a grin and a whisper into the eardrum of Strawn. “I kissed my virgin.”
Strawn gasped. “You did not.”
He stood upright with a nod and a smile, reaching up and touched his lips. “I did so.”
Strawn gasped. “That…that is a death penalty, not a work punishment.”
He laughed with a nod and slapped a wet naked chest. “I know that.”
Strawn laughed. “Numb, what was it like kissing your chosen virgin princess?”
“Beautiful, ecstasy, my d…”
“Don’t mention it to me!” Strawn tossed both hands into the air and blocked both eardrums, spun around and moved ahead down an empty central hallway with a sour frown. “I don’t need any more sleepless nights since year fourteen. I wanna get my princess and do my princely thing.”
He pulled up beside his buddy with a smile and moved down the same hallway. “When is our Prince Walk?”
Strawn smiled with a nod. “I have heard the good news that is swiftly spreading around each Prince House. The Princess Walk is commencing right now inside the throne room on top of the mountain castle of Pamburg.”
He laughed with a nod, “That is a set of outstanding newly shared information to my eardrums. Which princess will Queen Shemerry select as her new successor to rule Pamburg?”
Strawn smiled with a nod. “The prettiest one, I hope.”
“The sexiest one, I hope.” He slapped a chest and then his pants with a chuckle.
Strawn reached out and grabbed the arm of Cumberrun with a smile, “We walk and talk this way.”
He dug both boot heels into the tile with a sour frown, without halting. “No, my apartment is below the bot room, not in that direction. How you forgotten where my place is parked? You must have mountain air diarrhea…”
“You never annunciate the correct vowel, Cumberrat.” Strawn dragged the arm of Cumberrun down an empty central hallway that linked the two separate prince houses which stood a few thousand feet from each crystal gate. Each prince house contained half of the fourteen royal princes of Pamburg, where they lived and trained for the Prince Walk. The Prince Walk determined the one male who would become the new king of Pamburg Kingdom.
He slapped the arm of Strawn and dug both heels into the shiny floor with a sour frown, which didn’t stop the forward pace of his princely friend Strawn, “Uoo. Whoo.”
“It is mountain air delirium.” Strawn laughed and jerked Cumberrun toward the control room and down the hallway.
He thumbed over a collar bone with a smile. “No, we walk and talk back to my space and my place. And I stole a new large bottle of wicked meal-mead from my illegal visit with my illegal kiss and my illegal…”
“No, there really is a problem with the one of the space gates on the great ugly space fence that surrounds our home cluster. There is a small glitch. There has been found a tiny vertical opening between the two space gates.”
He continued to thumb back over a collar bone with a smile, dragging both heels over the hard surface. “O. Don’t give a dagget, Strawn. Let’s go and play inside my space…”
“O. I do give a dagget. Come on and fix it, Cumberrat! Or Octon gets into bigger trouble.”
Cumberrun laughed with a smile. “O. Don’t give a dagget about baby bro princely Octon either. That’s one less prince to vie for my permanent and long term position of king.”
“Then, when I’m king, I will punish thee for not obeying me.” Strawn laughed.
He frowned. “Then when I’m king, I will give thee the ugliest girl on the planet for my fun, making thee have the ugliest kids within the galaxy.”
Strawn laughed. “You can try.”


Control room (eastern crystal gate)


Strawn moved ahead with a smile and continued to drag his friend toward the control room that monitored the eastern crystal gate. The automatic doors slid open. He entered and moved toward a long short work counter in the middle of the control room. The door closed behind both back spines in silence.
The room was rectangular shaped. The rear wall contained a set of flush doors of black metal, blending into the rest of the black metal walls. The wall did not display any type of single art work or a single storage closet or a single work station.
The forward and both side walls inside the room were made of ceiling to floor solid glass viewing windows. The forward wall displayed the two crystal gates with a vertical part in the middle which normally was a closed structure. Each side wall displayed a glittering crystal fence that curved and surrounded the rest of the kingdom as far as the eyeballs could see. Then the prince used the colorful instruments on top of the control counter to monitor and maintain the space fence from foes and friends.
Strawn stopped and swung with force, releasing his brother prince from a hand. Cumberrun soared toward the empty chair beside Octon, slamming into the back rest with a sneer. Strawn didn’t laugh.
Octon continued to sit with a worried brow behind the long counter and flung both hands and mouth spittle into the air and over the control instruments at each lever and button, trying to close the vertical crack between the two entrance gates, exhaling with a worried brow. “Thank the virgins! Cumberrat is here. Figure out and fix the gates, Cumberrat. The panel gears are not responding to my hand motions.”
Cumberrun slid down into an empty chair with a sigh, reaching out with a smile and touched the button with a sour frown. “Ugh! Do you drool on the satin pillow in your sleep, too, Octon?” He lifted and flung the wetness from the two fingers with a sour frown, reaching back down and typed on the peach colored hologram that represented a keyboard of symbols that could access the bot computer systems for analysis. The hologram screen popped up in the colors of black and orange over the top of the counter. He looked up with a stern face to see the hologram screen and all the orange letters, symbols, and numbers. “Hmm, I don’t see a malfunction within the bot applications. I don’t see any lever stuckages, either.”
Strawn advanced ahead and stopped, standing between the chairs of the two brother princes, looking down with a sour frown at the amber colored hair roots of Cumberrun, “Stuckages?”
He reached over and touched the lever, wiggling it side to side with a smile, “Yeah, when a lever is stuck, it is called a stuckage. None are stuckages. Did you run the primary bot systems?”
Octon exhaled with a nod. “Yes, of course, I did.”
Cumberrun continued to read the bot logs on the screen. “Did you run the backup bot systems?”
Octon exhaled with a huff of annoyance, staring at the screen with the two gates. “Yes, of course, I did.”
“Did you run the ancillary bot systems?”
“Yes, of course, I did.”
“Hmm, I don’t see any error messages on the error logs, either.”
“What is wrong?”
“Nothing is wrong based on the bot logs here on this particular terminal. Maybe, the terminal is malfunctioning.” Cumberrun slid the chair over the hard floor to the side and reached down, slamming the metal. A hologram keyboard of peach tinted appeared. He started typing on the hologram keyboard with a puzzled brow. Then, a green and purple screen appeared that displayed a set of orange colored letters, symbols, and numbers. He read in silence.
Prince Tantum stood on the other side of Octon with a grin and a laugh, watching his brother work on the hologram keyboard. “Maybe, Cumberrat is malfunctioning.” Tantum was slightly taller and more bulker than Strawn. He possessed a thick frame of muscles with a head of cropped amber colored hair and a hook nose, a genetic trait from his father, not Queen Shemerry.
Octon slid over into the previous chair of Cumberrun, staring down with a worried brow at the green and purple screen with the orange figures. “Hurry and scurry to fix the gate, Cumberrat. Or I do not get to participate in the Prince Walk…”
“Who told you that lie?” Boykin frowned at the amber colored rear skull of weasel Octon with a tall and slender body frame with a set of buck teeth, making his smile really ugly and his sneer really nasty.
Octon was the shortest and last prince birthed among the brothers with a set of dumbo looking earlobes, turning with a sour frown to see his brother Boykin, and then returned back to see hands of Cumberrun, “Squire number fourteen.”
“I don’t know that they were numbered.” Prince Vinton laughed with a nod, exposing his cute cleft chin sideways. He possessed average height and weight with a shoulder length head of amber colored hair on a squared shaped face.
Prince Neave was the next tallest royal with a slender body frame and a set of long fingers on a pair of manly hands for drawing and a long pair of lean legs for kicking the ass of any brother that made fun of his girly hands for entertainment fun. His hair texture was thin locks of short whimsy hair down to the collar bone. “Just like, we are numbered. I am prince number six. Is six an unlucky math number?”
Sixteen years old Prince Wesuckie laughed with a nod. “Only if, the math number thirteen is an unlucky number, also.” He was average height and heavy body type with a face of brown freckles, making his princely appearance stand out and unique from his other brothers. Each small and concentrated spot of skin pigmentation an individual freckle was called melanin. Her freckles appeared and varied in number which was controlled by a set of two separate DNA genes. However, no body kidded Wesuckie about his cute freckles or his silly name, except for Octon with permission from Wesuckie.
Sixteen years old Prince Gasper was the tall and slender built with a head of long thick hair with a crooked nose underneath a smile. “Are you really prince number thirteen?”
Sixteen years old Prince Meigh was the next smallest royal, rolling a tongue at the screen. His tongue curled up each side to form a tube shape. The tongue rolling ability came from a single genetic trait which his father possessed.
“Why are there only fourteen princes?” Sixteen years old Prince Ashebull was average height and weight with a long curly head of amber colored hair on a round face. Hair follicles determined the hair texture. A set of round-shaped hair follicles made straight hair. Flattened hair follicles made a head of curly hair. An oval hair follicle made a set of wavy hair.
Sixteen years old Prince Estill was tall and muscular with a head of shoulder length amber colored hair that contained a tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which was located at the hairline on an oval face. It looked funny. He didn’t bother cutting off the individual white colored hair strands from the hairline, only cutting a left hook into a brotherly face for fun. He slicked back the hair down over the skull, making it look funnier. But one other brother joshed with Estill about his hair or his biceps, except for baby brother Octon, “Because, there are only fourteen princesses. That’s an old annual and anal joke, prince.”
Sixteen years old Prince Lopeeco was as tall as Cumberrun without the thick frame of muscles with a head of long amber colored hair with an aristocratic nose, reaching down and slapped the thin collar bone of Octon with a laugh. “I don’t think that Prince Octon knows about the birds and bees and the flowers and the trees and the gals and the guys…”
Octon reached over and slapped the naked arm of Cumberrun with a sour frown. “Fix this thing right now, Cumberrat!” On the gigantic viewer screen that occupied the forward wall, a tiny yellow and blue glowing object sailed through the air space, coming from the mountain castle, flinging through the vertical crack within the two parted gates. Then, the small object disappeared from the viewing screen and the eyeballs of each prince. Octon lifted a finger with a set of parted lips and a gasp. “Did you see that object on the viewer screen? It came from behind us.”
Sixteen years old Prince Vinton nodded with a smile and thumbed back over a collar bone to the wall which represented the mountain castle which was behind the twin gates. “Naw, it came from the rear end of mountain castle. We have an open back door, where the crystal fence doesn’t connect to the exterior panels. I mentioned that issue to my squire.”
“What did he say?” Tantum laughed.
“After or before he laughed in my face.” Vinton laughed.
Boykin laughed with a nod. “The back yard of mountain castle receives all type of air space traffic including pieces of flying metal when some of the native collide for fun. That’s the glowing yellow and blue object that went through the crack of the gate.”
Octon frowned. “I don’t believe Boykin. So what was that? Did you see that?”
“A solar flame from the bright blinding sun or a glittering piece of broken shiny crystal or a falling star from a passing comet in the heavens or I don’t give a dagget? Which one of those lovely explanations should we file into the comment section of the electronic report?” Cumberrun lifted and wiggled all finger over the hologram keyboard with a smile and a laugh.
Strawn laughed with a nod as the oldest princely brother. “Hmm, that’s a toughie, bro. I don’t give a dagget. I do believe each un-royal squire will understand that complete explanation from the perceptive of a snobby and pompous royal prince or three.”
“I do believe so. I will type out that grandiose properly worded sentence structure into the bot database and store it for all eyeballs to see and all lips to curse.” Cumberrun reached over and smashed the button with a grin and a chuckle.
Octon frowned with a sigh of worry at the screen. “There is still a dented space of air between the twin gates.”
Cumberrun looked up with a smile and jabbed a finger at the screen, “Correct, royal bro! The bot computer is functioning and operational. So, it is a submerged and stuck dead gator with a thick and long body that is between the deep ocean depths of the crystal bars. Those bastards fight and kill each other over territory and might like a set of royal princes. However, the female gator is the true bitch and boss of the paired couple.”
Strawn moved ahead with a nod and a stern face as the smartest brother. “Correct, Cumberrat! all right! We all press a naked palm down into the mold and use the force of the gates to squash the dead gator into halves. Everyone, come and stand in front of a hand mold.” He stopped and stood at the first hand mold, lifting a palm into the air. “Raise your palm! It doesn’t matter if you are late pressing your palm down into the outlined hand mold. It will click and lock into place. The important point to remember is that all fourteen palms must be pressed down, clicking, and locking the hand mechanisms into place. So, the twin gates can wiggle side to side and then close.” He turned to see the line. Each short and tall brother stood upright in front of an individual section of a hand mold with a raised palm. “Do it to it, now!” He slowly lowered a right hand down into the oversized hand mold with a stern face, hearing the mechanisms click.
On the viewing screen, the two gates shook and shimmied side to side as the dead gator body was cut and sliced into two halves. Then, the two gates slowly closed in silence as the waves of water splashed over the gates. The brothers sounded with a set of cheers and smiles.
Strawn was the oldest brother and said with a smile. “Lift the hand! It is done. The twin gates are closed. The kingdom is protected. And we are all heroes. And finally, Octon will get to participate in the Prince Walk.”
He clapped with a smile. “Great! It’s time to go and leave from my space house. I gotta get freshened up and cleaned up for the Prince Walk.” Sixteen-year-old Prince Cumberrun spun around to face the closed door. He was the tallest royal among the fourteen brothers with a muscular body frame and a skull taller than other males with a set of board shoulders, a pair of amber eyes with a set of amber colored bangs over both amber colored eyebrows that was attached shoulder length amber colored locks.
Meigh spun around and slowly moved ahead toward the closed archway with a smile and a nod. “So, that means, all the airships are coming up here on the dock of the Prince House for us. Then, we all go down and land at the mountain castle for the first time ever. I wonder what the prince exhibition room looks like.”
Gasper spun around and shoved, bumping into the shoulders of each brother with a laugh. “We shall see very soon.”
Cumberrun shoved a body through the line of princes with a nod and a laugh, “Then, I will be crowned the new handsome and smarter king of Pamburg and bed my new queen, producing my first heir.”
Strawn spun around and rushed ahead, slamming into the thick bicep of Cumberrun for fun, since they were born first and second of the princely line-up and best friend. “No, I will fu…”
Cumberrun stretched out a bicep and shoved Strawn to the side with ease and a laugh. “Forget you, boy! It is me…”
“Me,” Strawn rushed ahead toward the closed archway first and plowed sideways into Cumberrun again with a laugh.
“Me,” Cumberrun laughed with a yell and reached the door first, exiting into the empty hallway.
“Me,” Strawn followed behind and slammed into his brother with a laugh and a yell again for fun.
They dashed down an empty hallway toward the apartment with laughs and chuckles.


Apartment setting of Prince Cumberrun


The apartment doors slid open in silence. Cumberrun and Strawn entered through the wide archway at the same time.
Cumberrun frowned at the back spine of the squire, “Dismissed, Squat!”
“Yes, prince,” the assigned squire spun around and stood in place with a stern face, readying for the new command from the prince, slightly bowing with a chin nod. He stood upright and moved ahead, scooting out the apartment and into the quiet hallway that represented the apartment space of Prince Cumberrun. He whispered for his eardrums only. “Cumberrat…”
Strawn spun around with a sour frown to see the open archway and the back spine of the squire, “Squat?” The door closed in silence. “You should treat the squires with some dignity and a little respect.”
Cumberrun moved ahead and stopped, sliding down inside the oversized chair with a mellow tone and a smile. “Why? They are squats, not squires.”
“They were princes about sixteen years ago. They were us like now.”
Cumberrun flipped a hand with a sour frown. “They were princes that squashed their chance at prince-hood and kingship. I don’t respect a numb prince.”
Strawn moved around the room with a stern face of nervousness and excitement. “Do you think about the Prince Walk? How you envisioned the Prince Walk?”
“No.”
“I have. Do you think all the princesses will be there to watch us?”
“No.”
Strawn spun around with a confused brow to see Cumberrun. “Of course, she will. She will be my new princess. Why do you think not?”
He slapped the chest. “I don’t believe that the winning or losing princesses are presented to anyone but the winning prince, which is me. She becomes the new queen. I become the new king.” He winked with a chuckle at Strawn.
Strawn nodded with a smile and slapped a chest with a wink. “That’s a good theory for the new king. But, I will re-state the fact that I will win the princes and the kingship.”
He laughed with a nod. “And I will rule and re-assign all those nasty squires as my lavatory slaves.”
Strawn frowned. “You cannot judge one older squire. You don’t know the personal reason for each one’s decision not to try for the title of king.”
“I don’t need a personal reason but a great cause to become king…”
Strawn nodded. “I, too…”
“I, three…”
Strawn laughed. “I, for me…”
“And, I for me, too...”
Strawn laughed. “So what do we do on the Prince walk?”
“Walk and squawk and probably eat something disgusting that we regurgitate back up in about two days, after a night of green colored diarrhea.” Cumberrun laughed. “Hey, are you hungry?” He stood upright from the chair and spun around, dashing into the kitchen for a plate of food.
“Not really…” Strawn sat down inside the soft long sofa with a sour frown and held the stomach of nervousness and excitement about the Prince Walk within a few minutes.


9th hour (mid-morn)

Mountain castle location
Warm temperatures with cloudy sky with dull sunlight


The mountain castle rested on top of an open mountain flat top, not an arched peak. Centuries ago, the winds, the ice, and the storms had blown away the steep arched peak. Then the hard ice melted down and curved out a deep lake of fresh water, which is used for drinking water on top of the mountain.
The top of the mountain was comprised of an extremely large plaid fresh water lake without the surrounding edge of tree groves, short plants, and rows of wildflowers. The mountain flat top was high enough for warm temperatures during the daylight hours and cool temperatures at nighttime slumber.
A circular thick and high wall of rock held the lake water in pace. In front of the thick wall, there stood fourteen individual princess domes for fourteen princess sister personalities.
On the opposite side of the lake, the princess cave room hid from the sun and the wind, where the sisters had gathered to eat, to study, and to play. Inside the cave room, on the side wall, there stood the single archway which led into the princess throne room, where thirteen dead sister princesses rested inside a water pit with alive or dead gator.
The royal parents of King Conic and Queen Shemerry resided on a flat landscape palace inside one of the villages and away from the princesses. The Nans protected and watched over each princess day and night.
The eastern side of the mountain castle viewed the twin gates and the Delta waters. The northern side of the mountain housed all the work villages of working natives.
The southern side was composed of more wetlands. Around the mountain castle, the landscaped consisted of a series of flat red colored marshlands where only a matching red colored viper and her babies waited for a set of delicious non-flying red tinted rojo birds.
The non-flying rojo birds were a small and compact group of mammals that were colored in bright pink and dull blue with a set of soft and pretty feathers over the body. The body was plump and round from eating tons of the bitter smelling yellow colored swamp moss.
Between the flat marshlands, there were twirling set of misshaped orange colored swamps.
The orange swamps and the red marshlands clashed against each other in alternating rows of beauty and danger. The winding rows run side by side and around the entire length of the planet which made the planet useless for crop fields of food, plant stocks for clothes, and fun time of play for the natives.
The swamps contained a variety of vicious mammals that ate each other and anything else the happen to walk or fly without an open mouth of fangs. There were the swampy creatures which were called gators that owned and ruled the swamps.


Second level setting


Teath climbed the steep water slid with a grunt of hard work and tripped, landing down on a wet stomach on top of the second level, not hearing the screams of the Nans anymore. The stranger probably finished butchering all the nasty Nans and had returned to complete the sizzling of the gators and the rest of the dead sister princesses inside each water pit inside the princess throne room.
Good! Teath would have more time to plan an escape off the mountain castle as her active mind thought of a plan. 
She stood upright and slipped side to side in a pair of wet feet, racing back into her princess dome, which was the eighth dome around the curved hallway. Each princess dome was built with four upright arched columns underneath a dome rooftop. Each dome was strategically spaced for personal privacy and personality charge of each sister princess. A princess could lounge on top of an elevated chair on top of the flat rock floor with a color coded face patch, communicating with all the sisters or one. Thus, the individual dome kept the catfights to a minimum between the set of sassy sisters.
Teath ran ahead in shallow pants of fear and worry. Each sleeping chamber within a princess dome used to contain a sister princess. Now, it contained only the light breeze from the passing white clouds.


Princess dome setting of Teath


She slid to the side and entered her personal dome, dashing through the living setting space, the sleeping space and into the dark room. The room was curved into the rear of the mountain rock for privacy from a sister, blocking out the heat, and secretly reading an arm patch for fun.
The door slid close behind her back spine.
She climbed up into the elevated chair from the floor with a racing heart and mind, resting over the soft fabric, closing the eyelashes. The room was darkness. “Dead mother, I’m scared and alive and worried. I survived the Princess Walk, barely. Now, someone is chasing after me. All the Nans are dead. All the sisters are dead…”
The black wall glowed in lavender colors as the voice sounded inside the dark room. “Congratulations! You have just met a Forger.”
Teath opened the eyelashes and stared at the single lavender figure as the light formed into an outline of a woman. She gasped. “A Forger, but the monster wore a body of gold.”
“She wore a golden colored uniform.” The lavender figured completed into a female outline and as, her dead mom smiled at her daughter. “She appeared as a spinning flash of yellow light similar the sun or brighter to your eyeballs. Her two arms were fiery and blazed in yellow.
Teath gasped. “No, I could see two pair of arms and four legs.”
“No, it is a brilliant illusion. The Forger has only two arms and two legs. Her skill with the shaft only looks like she has two or four or more limbs.”
“No, I saw it.”
“You are very young with a pair of un-experienced eyeballs. An experience forger would see the fighting limbs.”
“How is that so, dead mom?”
“You are very young, Teath. You will see that one day.”
She gasped. “I do see it. The Forger had two heads of gold also.”
“No, she wore a helmet that possessed two painted sides like a mask. It was like a two-side face mask. The forger wears a tight body suit like a body shield. There were symbols on the tunic…
Teath gasped. “The monster appeared like a bolt of yellow fire flame.”
“The word forge comes from building fire or flames or altered force of light. The color comes from the twirling shaft which is the trademark of a fully engaged Forger. Normally, the Forger looks regular like you, my daughter.”
Teath frowned. “So, it was a man.”
“So, it was a woman.”
“How do you know that, dead mother?”
“How do you know that, my daughter?”
Teath nodded. “Okay, fine, the monster looked like a man.”
“She looked like a woman.”
Teath frowned. “He looked like a man.”
“The face mask showed off two slanted eye sockets, two slanted nose holes and a pair of lips. It was a woman face. The other side showed two nose holes, and a pair of thin black painted lips. It was a man face. The helmet is both muscular and feminine that represents the male or the female of the species.”
Teath frowned. “Okay. I am so confused, dead mother.”
“Find the Forger and revenge me, my daughter!”
Teath tossed both arms into the air with a fake smile. “Okay, fine, dead mother! So, if I find the face mask and the body shield, then I will find the Forger who has murdered my royal parents.”
“Me!”
Teath nodded. “Yes, you are most logical and liquid,” giggling. “So, my new mission is…”
“One of many, your first lesson is to find the Forger. She twirled a stick of light. A light lance or a long shaft, it is the tool of the Forger. The tool is a slender shaft of glowing crystal minerals that come from the mountain here in Pamburg. Each shaft is different colors. But do not be fooled. The color has everything to do with shaft. The advanced Forger will wand the brightest and almost blinking hue of color only during the fight. During rest time, the rod is always silver tinted for dead. The part-time Forger if you will, the shaft will always appear as a soft hue of color from the selected crystal rocks. The color determines the degree of strength of the fire plume.”
“Ah! This is natural coming from Mother Nature.”
“Sorta, it is part gift and part skill. During your long days and longer night of life, you will continue to learn and grow until you die.”
“Are you learning or growing here?”
“Yes, I am shining. I mean that I am a teacher of my daughter. I can’t touch you, your bed frame, your room, or your shaft. The shaft can also morph into any type of defensive weapon like a baton, a blade or a broom,” laughing.
“Really, dead mother!”
“That is all so the true. The shaft can be friendly or non-friendly to you, my daughter.
Teath exhaled. “Yeah, this whole forger thing sounds like tons of fun.”
“No, it is not fun.”
Teath winked. “Yeah, this whole forger thing sounds like easy fun to me.”
“No, it is very danger.”
Teath tossed both arms into the air with a smile. “I see danger. The shaft of the Forger is dangerous to others.”
“Forge ahead!”
Teath dropped the arms and slapped the legs with a sour frown. “Not only am I a baby Forger in the making I have a silly war cry. Forge ahead! Ugh!” She screamed with dizzy and dropped down, falling over the floor with a grunt of pain and a yell. “What is happening? What is wrong with me?”
“It will pass, my daughter.”
Teath rested over the midnight blue floor and blinked both eyelashes open and shut. The headache was clearing. The nausea was leaving the stomach. She sat upright on both kneecaps in pain with a sour frown. Her active neurons had relayed the body condition and the reason for the attack. “Why didn’t you warn me?”
The dead mother of Teath giggled with a grin. “You are a Forger in the making, a stubborn one at that. Right now, you are a Sensitive until you learn to control your wandering mind and your loose lips.”
Teath frowned. “You have no idea, conclusion, clue or honor, dead mother.”
“A Sensitive is affected by all external products, such like, words, motion, light, sounds, tastes, touches. You were blinded by the bright yellow light coming from a true and experienced Forger. It is really a force field of yellow light for that particular Forger. The advanced and eldest Forgers use the light to build and exhibit a colored force field that only the Forger can see, hear, taste, smell, and touch which is mostly used during battle or defense. Your force field is rich black at the moment as a baby Forger.”
Teath gasped. “Is that why the Forge missed me? He didn’t see me. I blended into the wall in hiding.”
“Yes, your instincts are very good. However, I am warning you here and now. Your Forger powers will grow up and multiple very quickly. This is the reason for me and the Aetherland training field. Then, the force field will exhibit magnification brightness.” The entire illuminated in bright lavender colors which blinked the eyeballs of Teath.
Teath turned a distorted face with a gasp and then a growl. “Ugh! Your color changed, dead mother.”
She dropped down both arms and patted the legs with a smile. “Yes, that is a prime example of my forger powers.”
“So, what color am I?”
“I don’t know. It is based on the color of the crystal inside your shaft. I am sorry, my daughter.”
Teath exhaled with a nod. “Dead mother, I am only sixteen years old. I don’t have a traveling companion, a defensive weapon, a roll of body cleaning materials.”
“Teath, you must forge ahead.”
Teath exhaled “I hate, detect, and will not use that expression.”
“My daughter Teath, you can connect to me within the Aetherland like now.  I can only connect to you when you are alone. And you must be near a wall of darkness.”
“It sounds like the dark side of evil, dead mother,” Teath frowned.
“No, it is a dark stone or wall or structure that must be solid. And you must be alone without a friend or a pet, since the Pamburg princes are looking for you.”
Teath gasped. “Me!”
“Your body is not among one of the piles of colored ashes. Thus, you are alive nor. And you are the only suspect of the murdered queen and king of Pamburg. However, Queen Shemerry was dying as the gossip flew.”
Teath gasped. “What? What are you talking about, dead mother?”
“Yes, I am correct. That was the sacrifice to become the queen of Pamburg. It was determined and destined for centuries. Both the rules of Pamburg ruled for exactly sixteen years and then splat over the hard tile when the blood hit the blood.” She chuckled and then frowned at Teath. “However, Shemerry had one more day of life. Now, she has been robbed of that living day. Thus, you were the only living form inside the palace this morning.”
“Harpy! Technology sucks.”
“One more item…”
Teath exhaled. “Mom, can you zap into my mind or something while I am on the run from the monster?”
“The woman…”
“The man…”
“One more time you must store your physical body somewhere safe from weather conditions, unknown enemies, and random strangers. When I am teaching you as an advanced Forger, you will not be able to see or sense anyone or anything around you. This is most dangerous.
That is most dangerous. Ugh!”
“However, the opposite is true also. No one or no thing or no person can sense your presence, either. Thus, you are safe until our short Forger training session has concluded within my limited time frame.”
“I thought you didn’t measure time.”
“I measure my time with you, my daughter. Go and leave from your home world of Pamburg. Run away toward the fresh water river within the Land of the Lakes. It is a water nation of floating homes. There are numerous abandoned structures on top of the water due to dead natives and the last civil war. You will have no trouble finding an empty structure for shelter…”
“You didn’t mention food.”
“The fresh water lake is filled with fish and seafood. Good luck, my daughter!”
Teath nodded with a fake smile. “Dead mother, I really appreciate you finding me and helping me here. I’m really scared but I will make it to…”
“Teath, I can guide, advise, counsel, and instruct you. That is my purpose. However, I cannot fight or battle for you. I am dead. You are alive. You will be safe there. There, you will uncover the Forger.”
Teath tossed both arms with a confused brow. “What? Wait! I am confused again.”
“The Forger is the murderer of your biological father and me, your biological mother. When you flee for safety, you will leave behind your sweat molecule, your hair follicle, and your blood protein. The Pamburg tracker device can find you by your heat signature, your odor, and your appearance without seeing your sweet smile, my daughter. Then the Pamburg squires will grab and examine your physical body, successfully matching the sweat, the hair strands, and the blood proteins inside the princess throne room. I told you that the Princess Walk was deadly.”
“To my upcoming dead body…”
“To disguise your heat signature, dip a hand down into the cold water of the Kingdom of Lakes. Your body temperature will drop from 98.6 degrees to 96.3 degrees.”
Teath frowned. “Can my teen tender body take that much coldness? I will really freeze and might pass out from frostbite or something.”
“Actually, the Forger has thin blood. You will have no issues with any type of cold or heat signature tracker device. Literally, roll your body around into the flora plants and water puddles inside the abandoned house. It is a fishy odor. A Pamburg native smells with a piney scent. It will be a temporary disguise scent that will not ever extinguish your natural smell.”
Teath frowned, “Harpy! Does that really work, dead mother? If it was so simple why won’t all the fugitives of forgers do that too?”
“One, there are no fugitive within the Confederation but one. Two, you are a Sensitive. Your senses will temporary absorb a new odor for a short period of time like not bathing for a three days. Then, your natural odor will invade and kill all the foreign scent like a warm bubble bath. I miss my bubble baths.”
Teath gasped. “Dead mother?” silence invaded the dark room. The lavender figure split into dull pink and white. Teath frowned at the figure of colors. “My appearance cannot change. I have amber skin, amber hair, and amber eyeballs. I am a native of Pamburg like the rest of my dead sisters and my current subjects.”
“You are an heir of the Pamburg dynasty that is not in question, only your life form. Inside the Kingdom of the Lakes, you do not have to worry about your appearance. You will not be perturbed. However, there is something…”
Teath gasped. “What are your forging in there? You are forg…forgetting something to tell me.”
“There is something there. But, this is not a concern or a worry or a matter or an issue, at the moment. One more thing…”
Teath frowned. “That is actually three more things that you have mentioned. But who is accounting?”
The lavender figure of the dead mother of Teath frowned. “You are a Sensitive. There are a few Sensitives within the Confederation, also. A life form might not know that he or she is a Sensitive.”
“Why not?”
“It is not announced or learned or spoken about. A Sensitive is not given a mentor like a Forger which is a shame. A child could be born a Sensitive without self-knowledge or knowledge from one or both parents. Some Sensitives will naturally grow and expand their own powers into a reckless teenling or a responsible mature adult. Some Sensitives will never try and avoid the gut feeling over riches and greed. When you encounter another Sensitive, do not turn and stare. Do not turn and locate the Sensitive. Look to the opposite direction of your gut feelings. Turn and move away from the Sensitive. Then the sensitive field will diminish away from your body.”
“That is not going to be easy…”
“It is easier than fighting for your life.”
“That is not very easy to do either.”
“Pamburg natives are visually related in a set of common appearance factors, such like, smooth exterior amber colored skin and a set of amber colored skull hair. You are venturing into the Confederation. I am teaching here. Each human will possess an array of different colored skin tones, hair strands, and body features within the rest of the Confederation. Some might hope a tiny degree range of a Sensitive, maybe barely nominal. You might not detect that type of sensitivity with your inexperienced Forger skills. So, you are to treat each individual with care and caution. That means silence is golden. Do not speak unless spoken too. And wear a pair of clean girly panties. Or you will identify your home nation, your name, you heat signature, or your odor…”
“I do understand. Stay away from the rest of the people. What else?”
“One more thing, drop the harpy exclamation. That is truly a Pamburg term.”
“Har…hardy, man!” Teath grinned. “How am I to defense myself in a fight?”
“Use your baby Forger skills on the other skulls!”
Teath laughed, “Really?”
“Use your brain skill and practice your baby Forger skills.”
“I guess that I can do that. What else?”
Yes, the Confederation will imprison and then executed you on sight.”
“Got it, dead mother!”
Use one of the airships and land on top of the abandoned barges! You must start your Forger skills immediately for the war…”
Teath gasped. “I’m going into war.”
“No, you are hiding out without going into the war.”
“What war? How long do I hide out from war?”
“I can’t answer every question.”
“Dead mother?”
“I don’t know that answer. You are a sensitive. Your senses will talk to your mind and your body and your stomach.”
“Okay, all right, I am a Sensitive. I will steal an airship and fly to the river. Does the Pamburg Kingdom have an ally or two?”
“Do not present your amber color person to an individual, my daughter Teath. You are a murdered, a killer, a fugitive, a dead person.”
Teath exhaled. “Yeah, all right, I keep forgetting the die, dead, and death part of my new life. Okay, steal an airship and run away from my home world. Will I ever come back to my homeland, dead mother?”
“I can’t answer that.”
Teath frowned. “You won’t answer that.”
“No, my live daughter, I can’t answer that question. I am here inside the Aetherland for your guidance for the rest of my days.”
Teath exhaled with a smirk. “I have more questions about you, the Aetherland, and that statement.”
The lavender figure slowly disappeared and as, the voice of the dead mother of Teath exhaled. “But you do not have time.”
Teath stood upright from the floor and scooted toward the closed door, dashing with a sour frown. “Right, yeah! Get going and escape with some clothes and some food.” The door opened. She ran through the archway with a worried brow.
“Get your shaft!” The lavender figure yelled.
“Yeah, right, harpy!” Teath moved through the room.
Inside the dark room on the dark wall in lavender color and emerald green color, the green colored figured of a male appeared beside the dead mother of Teath with a sour frown at the closing door. “You have doomed your only child to death. Only an Aether form can enter Aetherland that had produced a true heir of a Forger. Teath is only sixteenth annual. She has not married and produced an heir of the Forger. Thus, the unknown forger will find her.”
The mom of Teath stared down at the dark purple soil with a smirk. “You are wrong as usual. No one knows if Teath will produce an heir with the forge. Thus, she will die like my mother and live within the afterlife. Only a Forger can become an aether form.”
“Then you are committing your child to death.”
“You are wrong, as usual, again. The mysterious unknown face of the murderous Forger didn’t see my daughter Teath. Her baby forge protection shield is colored in rick black and as dark as the night sky. I still remember the layout of the old palace. The walls are made of black baked stone. The dirt came from the planet of Parrel which were illegally imported and stolen directly from the dusty ground. Queen Shemerry did that to spy on each princess. The skin color of amber glowed against the rich black walls for her old eyeballs as she tried to figure out the true Forger.”
“Shemerry suspected you.”
“She didn’t know that it was me. I was murdered with the rest of the host whores per the birth ritual. Shemerry knew that one of the infant princesses could become a full Forger, somehow.”
“Then, she must have been a sleeper Forger as well.”
“I think not. Forgers are not dull or sleeper. They exist for a specific reason, good or bad.”
“Then, the Forger was contacted and sent to kill your baby infant daughter, also.”
“The Forger was sent that is a true statement. I do not know the reason.”
The two colored figures slowly fainted into a set of tiny colored dotted and winked back into Aetherland as the dark wall returned into a midnight blue stone.
Inside the princess dome, Teath entered the closet and leaned down, scooping up the shaft and the pair of thigh high boots for a pair of naked feet. It was cold-feeling and dead. A Forger had to wand or whirl it into life of color. She spun around and dashed out the closet and through the sleeping room, the living room space and halted, placing on the boots.


Living room setting


She closed the eyelashes and listened to the motion with her young Forge skills, since she had learned about it from her dead mother a few seconds ago. She heard the wind and felt the light breeze on each naked body part. She did not hear a faint voice of a servant and smelled the odor which was mouth drool of salvia, tasting the bitter vile of her raw nerves.
Teath opened the eyelashes and stared through the princess dome, dashing ahead, and exited her dome, turning to the side with a stern face, running down the hallway with pants of worry and fear. She leaped into the air and jumped over the stream of water, landing down onto the opposite balcony of her dead princess sister Beebelle with a sob of tears.
Beebelle was her sister princess with a sweet smile and a big heart, a personality trait that came from her mom who was one of the other thirteen eighteen-year-old women within the Pamburg Kingdom.
Teath ran ahead down the exterior hallway in front of the other princess domes with the tears and wiped the eyeballs to see, dashing around each furniture piece, smelling the unique flora scent of a lingering odor from one of her dead princess sisters.
She continued to run through three more open princess domes of the three dead princess sisters and halted with a grunt. “The landing pad is below me. I need to go down, not straight across through each princess room. At the end of the rooms, there is a set of outside steps that will expose me all the other spying eyeballs of the villagers or servants.” She swung around with a worried heart and a worried mind in a complete circle and stopped with a smile. “How do I get down from the princess dome? The water! Use the waterfall to escape down and out from the princess dome. Use the jettie! Harpy! Can I lift that heavy object up and into to flight and land down on top of the docking pad with the other star ships? Now or never, I am a Forger.” She lifted both arms into the air above the hair roots and wiggled all the finger pads with a set of gritted teeth and loud grunts at the ground jettie with a stern face. The jettie was an enclosed airship without windows to protect each sister princess from harm. The smaller airship was remote controlled from the king dome when it was used to travel from each princess dome and landed on top of the natural lake platform on the flat mountain peak for a fun day or evening of water play. The rest of the landscape around the mountain castle was too wild and violent for a vicious viper much less a princess.
The shortest mountain on Pamburg housed a placid lake and a majestic princess domes, where each precious princess daughter lived. The lake waters slowly and calmly flowed down one side of the short mountain into a set of sixteen sparkling mini-rivers. Between each placid mini-river, a princess dome was built that totaled fourteen structures. On the outer edges of the two mini-rivers, there was not a dome structure. Thus, the king and the queen of Pamburg had always birthed fourteen princesses that represented the strength and the survival of the Pamburg mountain range.
Inside the princess dome of dead sister princess Gotterina, the jettie did not shift up from the landing spot. Teath exhaled with a puff of disappointment and open the eyelashes with a sissy whine, “I guess a Forger can whirl objects, only a shaft. That sucks, too! Harpy! Okay, think better. The jettie only moved from the ground and into the air when my dead king dad had activated the power switches inside the machine. Then, the jettie only flew from the princess dome to the lake bank, a funner day than now. So, it is powerless and useless for my escape.” She whipped the large head of the shaft into a fighting hand with a sneer. “Then, I will use my magical rod,” Teath twirled rod on each side of a body in a figure eight and as, the shaft glowed in a very faint coral hue. The shaft straightened and halted a few inches from the shiny metal in the air, “Harpy! I will damage the exterior metal. Then I will die inside. The water will drown my body inside a rounded object.” She lowered the shaft down to the leg and felt the discharge heat, turning with a worried brow, closing her eyelashes, exhaling with a big puff to calm her emotions.
The light wind blew around a still body, cooling her sweat of worry. Each dome was quiet.
She opened the eyelashes and held back the sobs of tears for each dead sister princess.
“Calm down!” She whispered and closed the eyelashes again. Her eyeballs saw only twinkles of the bright sunlight through a pair of closed eyelids. But her heard were picking up soft and faint sounds through the wind. So, the wind was her alley, today.
The rest of the mountain castle servants had left and been returned into one of the villages, since no other person every eye witnessed the Princess Walk.
“Princess Walk, I found out the truth. I know why, how, what, and death.” Teath exhaled with fury. She cringed with bad memories and sad emotions. The dead bodies hadn’t been discovered yet inside the princess throne room from the tragic Princess Walk, since the Princess Walk was schedule to from the early morning until mid-day.
Teath looked up and opened both eyelashes, seeing the bright sunlight. It was mid-morning which provided her with a little more time before the lunch meal. She growled with revenge. “They knew too.”
All the servants were forbidden to enter inside the palace exhibition room during the princess walk until all the teen princesses were dead but one. And the one that was alive was Teath. She had survived the ugly ritual with hate, gladness, sadness, and revenge.
“When I return back to my home world of Pamburg after this mess as the new queen, I am making some major changes to all the laws, starting with that stupid princess walk. My biological heir will not endure this tragedy ever. Then, my heir will be the next queen or king and rule for eons. I promise to my dead biological mother,” she swung around with a sneer to see the jettie. “Okay, you are sorta rounded. The water is moving down the side of the mountain. I wanna move down from the princess house and land on top of the dock of starships. Harpy! Then I can steal a starship. Okay, we have a pair and a plan.” She reached out and touched the flush door that was activated by any hand of the princess. Some of the princesses were not actually sharp with a set of average intelligence. So, each jettie held a set of hand germs from each sister princess for transportation up to the lake and back down to the individual princess domes during the fun time. The set of hand germs or a goo of mouth spit were permanently soiled into the metal, so any sister princess could open and access the internal seat for a fun flight.
The door slid to the side and revealed a round shaped opening.
Teath tossed the shaft inside and then leaped a body into the open archway, landing on both hands, creating more bruises with a grunt. The jettie was not meant for steering or standing but transport.
The door slid closed and locked Teath safely inside.
She crawled over floor and found the shaft, securing the weapon on to the wall for her safety and its safety. The shaft was made of metal and minerals which could be destroyed or damaged. She stood upright in a crouch without hitting the hair roots onto the ceiling. The jettie was for luxurious transport, not piloting toward a battle. She slid toward the side and slammed a shoulder into the opposite curvy wall with a grunt and a yell. “Move…” Teath pulled back and slammed the other shoulder with less bruises with a grunt into the same wall, feeling a tiny bit of wavering motion. The jettie slightly tilted the body frame toward the sparking calm mini-river of water.
If Teath could move the jettie into the calm water, the natural flowing mini-waterfall would propel the tiny ship down through the water and violently land down inside the calm lagoon pool. Teath hoped that her mental plan would work. Or she wouldn’t have to worry about proving her innocent of murder, since she would be dead and with her biological mom inside Aetherland, wherever that was.
She pulled back with a set of gritted teeth and slammed into the opposite wall with a grunt. The jettie slightly titled the body frame toward the water. She pulled back with a confused brow and stared at the curvy wall of dull silver tint. “This isn’t working. I’m too weak to tilt the heavy object to the side and over into the water. I need more help. I need more fiction.” Teath crawled sideways over the single seat and rammed a bruised shoulder into the opposite wall with a grunt. The jettie slowly tilted toward the patio floor instead of water. She pulled back with pain and rammed a bruised shoulder into the opposite wall with a grunt again. The jettie slowly tiled more toward the patio floor instead of water.
She stood upright and hit the hair roots on the short ceiling, bending down at the waist, running toward the opposite wall, slamming into the metal with a grunt. The jettie slowly titled in the opposite direction toward the water.
“Yeah,” she ran backward with a stern face and turned sideways, slamming a bruised shoulder into the wall with a grunt. The jettie slowly tilted toward the patio with more force.
Teath continued to run forward and backward, slamming a bent body into each wall with more pain and mouth blood spit. The jettie leaned toward the patio and then tiled toward the water.
She run forward and slammed a bent body into the wall with a grunt of pain. The jettie leaned toward the water and slid off the elevated platform, landing with a beautiful splash into the water, bobbing up and down.
She fell into the wall and twisted sideways over the curvy metal with a scream. The jettie ejected from the deep waves and stood in an upright pose slowing sailing with the current flow of the calm water toward the mini-waterfall.
Teath slid down and hit the edge of the cockpit seat, dropping down over the dirty floor, reaching out and cupped both arms and hands around the bottom part of the seat for the ride. The jettie smooth steered through the waters toward the mini-waterfall. She exhaled with a puff of fear, “Harpy! Work. Work. Go. Go. Ah!” The jettie tumbled side to side, traveling down and hitting into the gently waves of the mini-waterfall. Teath screamed from the scary motion and closed both eyelashes, feeling the bitter bile, coming from the stomach and up the esophagus. She held her breathe.
The jettie sailed downward and slammed down into the calm lagoon pool, making a big splash of waves for all other spying eyeballs. The lagoon pool was a natural formation that held the waterfall waters. The lagoon pool was used for human drinking water and replenishing the wet swamps.


Lagoon pool of water setting


The jettie surfaced from the depths of the lagoon water and roughly bobbed up and down over the water, slowly moving toward the curvy natural bank of yellow moss along the valley of the mountain castle. Teath screamed and bit the inner cheek of the mouth, bouncing up and down over the floor, finally hitting the hard heavy with a grunt. The jettie continued to shift side to side over the rough waters and slowly drifted toward the yellow moss with Teath.
Beyond the natural forming lagoon pool of usually calm water with a round object now, the Pamburg airfield stood with rows of glittering and shiny starships. The rows of starships were used to haul a set of imported products, such like, metal components and negotiated merchandise, coming from the other villages within the Pamburg Kingdom. The mechanic equipment required new parts which could be obtained within the guts of the tall and snowed covered Pamburg mountain range.
For centuries, the Pamburg dynasty was a self-sustained cluster with a set of fourteen villages that provided clothing, food stuffs, animals, medicines, and fun activities for the royals and the natives. No native could venture out from any one of the Pamburg Kingdom and through the crystal gates, since a native never wanted to leave for any reason.
The jettie drifted side to side and then slammed into the leg of the airship. Teath slid side to side from the impact of the two metals with a sneer, slowly standing in a crouch, slamming the button.
The interior door slid open and revealed the bright sunlight and the greenish water.
The jettie door faced the wrong way for Teath and the right way for the gators. The nest of lounging gators on top of the dry tan soil awoke to the new sound and the new smell, standing upright on four legs to see the shiny new object without interest. Teath was the new interest with its nose holes.
Teath moved ahead and stopped, standing in the sunlight and the archway with a sour frown and a puff of annoyance. “Gators and I do not mix well together during a mid-day lunch picnic.” She spun around in a crouch and moved ahead toward the curvy wall, stopping, leaning down, and grabbed the shaft with a grin. “My first mission as a baby Forger,” she stood upright in a crouch without hitting the ceiling and spun around, moving slowly toward the open archway with a smile. She stopped and stood in the doorway, sliding the rod down to the bigger head, lifting the shaft and slowly reached out. She slightly swirled the rod in a tiny circle. The coral light twinkled in the air wave and as some of the bright coral beam hit the eyeballs of the lead gator. The gator stopped and back stepped in fear and as the nest o gators shuffled backward with the leader. Teath crawled out and slid down, standing in the ankle deep water, sliding against the wet metal and away from the nasty growling gators and stepped into the dry soil. Her boots and naked legs dripped water over the tan colored ground. Teath continued to hold out the weapon at the growling gators and moved backward around the jettie as a protection shield, stopping and stood upright with a puff of relief.
She looked up and turned to see the princess cave room with a gasp, crouching down out of sight of any spying eyeballs, dashing toward the open archway of the first airship and run up the ramp, stopping and stood upright with a smile inside the airship. The airship was neatly polished and clean. Teath moved ahead and slid down into the single cockpit seat as the new captain with a gasp. “Wow! There are lots of squared shaped buttons and tiny pulling down levers. The go-button is colored in nothing.” She reached over to the go-button and halted a hand in the air. The cockpit console was blinking in colors of blue and yellow. She gasped with alert in a whisper. “O no! The remote control has been activated. The engines are powering up for me. Well, that is convenient, since I wanna leave here like right now. But why is the airship coming alive by itself?” She snapped the fingers and reached down, slapping on the red colored override button. The console lights blinked off and turned into all green for go. “The Princess Walk had finished. Well, it had finished for hours. But, I’m the only one alive princess that knows that.” She gasped. “The Prince Walk is coming up next. That’s right now! No!” She slid out and spun around, dashing out the cockpit and down the entrance ramp, turning to the side and ran up the second ramp into the second airship. She stopped and stood in front of the cockpit console. The lights twinkled in blue and yellow lights for the remote control access also that had been called from the Prince House inside the gate tower. She reached down and halted a hand again with a worried brow. “Not my personal sweat! Use another media!” she spun around and dashed out the cockpit, down the ramp, sliding down over the dry soil. Her hand reached down and scooped up the loose particles of tan sand. Teath stood upright and spun around, dashing back up the ramp of the airship for a second time and stopped, standing in front of the glass console, and leaned down with a giggle. She slowly hand printed a set of words in tan colored sand over the glass. When the glass heated, the sand would fuse onto the console for the receiver.
Teath back stepped with a grin and spun around, dashing out the cockpit and down the ramp, wiping the sand from both hands with a laugh. “There, they will be safer than the princesses.” She entered the first airship and slid down into the cockpit seat, reaching over and tapped on series of the silver tinted buttons with a puzzled brow. Each button illuminated in a different color. “Okay. One button is for go. So, go and lift up airship!”
The airship lifted off the airfield as the burners melted the tiny jettie into a puddle of silver goo onto the dry soil. The ship flew up into the white clouds. Teath reached over and pressed numerous buttons with a worried brow, since she barely had been educated on flying an airship. Then the airship halted in mid-air and started dropping back down toward the airfield and then flew sideways toward the mountain range. She sat back into the chair and tossed both arms into the air with a smile and a nod. “I did it. That was easy. Here I come, Kingdom of the…”
The alarms sounded. The red lights blinked off and on. The airship hit the protruded edge of snow covered mountain peak, tilting to the side, rolling into a half flips and hit the mountain side, and landed upside down inside the Kingdome of the Snow.
The black steam released from the destroyed engine and drifted into the blue sky.


10th hour (late morn)

Gate Tower location

Lowest level setting of parked airships
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine


On top of the landing dock of the Gate Tower, each shiny silver tinted airship lifted with power from the airfield of the mountain soil and landed in a plume of white tinted steam on top of the metal platform in front of each Prince House in a row. Then, a set of curious sixteen years old males invaded each airship for fun and exploration until it was scheduled time to depart from the Gate Tower for the upcoming Prince Walk.
Teen Prince Octon dashed out the cockpit of the airship and down the entrance ramp with a snigger, running in and out of each airship with a giggle. He exited out from the last airship and down the crowded hallway, where a set of scattered brother princes stood inside a huddle and waited for verbal instructions from the lead squire to board an airship to travel down to the airfield of the mountain castle for the first and last time as each prince was set to participate in the Prince Walk which would crown the next king of Pamburg dynasty. He scooted around a few more brother princes with a smile and dashed beside his brother Cumberrun with a snigger and a loud shout. “Cumberrat, help me!”
Vinton chased behind Octon for fun with a smile and pulled up beside his brother Cumberrun and reached out, pinching the tender cheekbone of Cumberrun with a laugh, “Cumberrat, help me!”
Cumberrun slowed moved down the hallway after getting cleaned and freshened for his virgin princess on the mountain castle, leaning over and shoved the bicep of Vinton with brute strength toward the side wall with a sneer. “Go away and get minty mouthwash, numb!”
Boykin ran behind Vinton and pulled up beside his brother Cumberrun, reaching out and pinched the other tender cheekbone of Cumberrun with a grunt, “Cumberrat, help me!”
Cumberrun continued to move down the busy hallway with a sour frown and leaned over shoving the bicep of Boykin with the brute strength toward the opposite wall with a sneer, “Get out of my foot path, bro!”
Octon spun around and dashed ahead, moving behind the back spine of Cumberrun, waving both arms into the air with a wigging pink tongue and a giggle at his brother. “Cumberrat, help me!”
Cumberrun swung around with a sneer and slammed into the chest of petite Octon with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Why in the fudge are you saying to my butthole?” Octon back pedaled with a giggle and a nod from the fist. Cumberrun snarled, “Because, my butthole can’t hear your whining, only my two eardrums.”
Octon danced side to side and wiggled a body with a giggle. “Cumberrat, help me!”
“What the fudge?” He sneered.
“Cumberrat, help me!”
Cumberrun frowned. “Why are you repeating that stupid statement, Squirt?”
Lopeeco dashed ahead and stopped, standing behind the back spine of Cumberrun, leaning down into the eardrum of his brother with a snigger and a smile “I like your string of S’s.”
Cumberrun lifted upward and then slammed an elbow into the jaw line of Lopeeco with a sneer. “Shut up, ugly!” Lopeeco scooted backward with a sneer as the elbow of Cumberrun missed the jaw line.
Octon laughed with a nod and waved both arms in the air. “I’m repeating what I saw on the steering board.”
Cumberrun frowned. “What?”
“I am repeating what I saw on the steering board inside the air ship.”
“What statement on top of the steering board inside the airship?”
Octon nodded with a smile and pointed out the window at the rows of airships, “The airship, it landed here at the gate house and came up here from the mountain castle which will take us all to the Prince Walk. It has a hand written message on top of the steering board.”
He frowned. “How is that possible?”
Octon exhaled with a sour frown and lifted both palms wiggling both fingers near a smile. “The steering board of each airship is guided by our finger pads. You can write out a message within the colored streams of light, if you know how, and leave a message for the next pilot or the mechanic to fix a problem.”
He frowned. “I don’t know that.”
Octon grinned with a nod. “I do now.”
He sneered. “What did you hand write that message onto the steering board with my name for some silly fun?”
Octon frowned. “I didn’t. It was there when I boarded the airship to inspect the ship for fun. That’s all.”
He snarled. “You lie.”
Octon gasped. “No, I do not lie, ever. This is the day of the Prince Walk. We all lived inside the Gate House, since birth. Then we all board one of the fourteen airships, taking off from the dock of the Gate House and landed there on top of the mountain floor. I couldn’t have written that message.”
He sneered. “I know that. All fourteen airships had been piloted by a remote control devise and then each one had landed here on the top of the platform at the Gate House. Look! My patience and your face are growing impatience with increasing penned up violence. Why did you write something on the steering board, bro?”
“I didn’t, Cumberrat. We didn’t own a fleet of airship. Each airship comes up from the mountain palace. I boarded a random airship and then sit down, activating the board, seeing the message. It read: Cumberrat, help me!”
Cumberrun leaned down with a snarl into the face of short and nervous Octon. “I don’t believe you. But I will find out and investigate the airship, personally. If you find your finger pads on the colored streams…”
“I didn’t leave you a message. Let me go, Cumberrat!” Octon shoved both hands into the chest of Cumberrun, who didn’t move. Cumberrun was taller and meaner than the rest of the royal princes. Octon frowned with a bad breath. “You, go and do that. Someone else left that message for you.”
He shoved Octon from a face with sneer and spun around with a growl, moving ahead, dashing toward the open archway of the landing platform.


Airship fleet setting


Cumberrun had forgotten to ask sissy Octon which airship held the message, but it didn’t matter. He entered the first one at the end of row, working down the row of ships. There were only fourteen. He halted with a gasp. There were only thirteen airships on top of the platform of the Prince House. He rushed up the entrance ramp and stopped, standing over the guiding board with a gasp, “Nothing here!” He leaned down and swept a pair of fingers sweat over the cockpit console. It was clear and clean of dust and particles. He spun around and dashed out the cockpit, down the ramp and entered the second airship.
Then, he continued to enter each airship without finding the funny words, growing ill with angry by the second. He entered the next air ship in the air and stopped, standing over the cockpit console with a gasp. “What the fudge is this? There is a message here in red colors. Which would one of my brothers did this? Strawn did, of course. But that does not make any sense to me. Strawn is not a vile jokester among the royal fourteen princes. I’m the nasty vile jokester. This is a very important day of our lives, the Prince Walk for the kingship. Strawn was more nervous than witty today. As a matter of fact, each prince was quiet and mellow, more somber, except for silly Octon.” He slowly turned around and stared at each part of the metal ship, trying to figure out the witty prince, looking through the rear window the rear window with a gasp. “It was not a prince. Each airship was grounded down there on the mountain floor for an emergency. The gate house docking platform is too small and too lightweight to hold a fleet of airships all the time. And the fleet had arrived within seconds, after Octon’s annoying teen behavior. It was a princess. The only princess, I know is Sinnot. And my princess calls me, Cumberrat.” He spun around with a gasp and studied the message again. “Yes, this is set of a girly handwriting. O no! Sinnot is in trouble.” He swung around and exited the airship, dashing ahead, and scooted around the other brothers, slamming into the chest of Strawn with a gasp.
Strawn back stepped with a sneer. “Hey!”
Cumberrun whispered with a worried brow to Strawn. “Sinnot is in trouble.”
“What?”
He exhaled. “There is a hand written message inside one of the airship from my girl Sinnot.”
“It’s joke.”
“It is not. I questioned silly Octon. He denied the joke.”
Strawn laughed with a nod. “It’s a joke.”
Cumberrun frowned. “The only joke is that all the airships live down here on the mountain palace with the princesses. Now, all the airships are here for our princely pickup for the Prince Walk. Only you and Sinnot both call me, Cumberrat. Today is the Princess Walk. She is in trouble. She left me the message.”
“Today was the Princess Walk. It ended a few minutes ago this morning.”
“Today, there are only thirteen airships on top of the platform, not fourteen.”
Strawn gasped. “Where are all the princesses located and the new queen located at the moment?”
“Each one would be inside the princess dome for safety until the Prince Walk is done. I’m stealing an airship. I wanna go and check on my girl Sinnot.” Cumberrun back stepped with a worried brow and spun around, running ahead down the hallway, through the archway, and up an entrance ramp. He selected the last airship in the row which offered easier launching without bumping into another object and slid down into the cockpit chair as the captain. Strawn was behind his boots and slid down into the back chair as the passenger. Cumberrun ran a pair of talented hands over the glass coated console panel and ignited the airship into power. The machine slowly lifted from the platform and swiftly flew away from the Gate House, through the air space and slowed descend over the tan soil.


Mountain castle airfield setting
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


The airship smoothly landed on top of the tan soil in the bright sunshine. The door slid open. The entrance ramp dropped down and plowed into the hard soil. Cumberrun ran down the ramp and turned, scanning the landscape with a puzzled brow. “Everyone looks normal. The sun is bright. The gators are sleeping. The birds are singing. The princesses are missing.” He dashed toward the side of the mountain with the built-in rock staircase that led up to the princess cave room, where the Princess Walk and Prince Walk were performed.
He ran out the cockpit and down the ramp. “And the squires have landed right before us. They’re moving up the staircase and into the cave room, setting up the Prince Walk for us.” Strawn pulled up beside the nose profile of Cumberrun with a stern face, staring at a line of squires on top of the staircase.
The line of squires slowly spun around and swiftly moved down each rock step as Cumberrun and Strawn moved toward the bottom of the staircase. The squires gathered in a tight huddle and blocked the entrance up the staircase. The middle squire inside the huddle frowned at Cumberrun. “You must leave, prince. Leave here and get back up to the Prince House right now!”
Cumberrun stopped and stood in front of the huddle of squires with a laugh and a nod, “O right! The princess cave room is accessed by these particular rock coated steps that lead into the princess throne room where the Prince Walk will start in a few…”
“Now!” The same squire pointed at the lonely airship with a sour frown. “Leave and get back into the airship and return back to the Prince House.”
“Naw, I got a message for my sweetheart…”
The squire smiled, “Cumberrat…”
Cumberrun leaned into the sweaty face of the shorter squire. “Cumberrun, I am the prince here. You are the squire here.” He shoved each squire to the side with a pair of strong biceps and created an open walking hole, dashing up the staircase with ease and a laugh.
Strawn followed behind with a sour frown. “We are going to get kicked out the Prince Walk.”
“No.”
“We’re going to become just a squire, instead of prince.”
“No.”
“We’re going to get into trouble.”
“The Prince Walk hasn’t started yet. I need to go the bathroom. That excuse had worked perfectly for every male, since the beginning of time.” He climbed up the last step and stomped onto the cave floor with a gasp and halted in place.
Strawn ran into the back spine of Cumberrun with a gasp and reached out, wrapping both arms around the chest of his brother with a sissy whine. “Get outta of the way, before I fall off the stairs to my death, bro!”
They twirled around the cave floor in a completed circle and then halted with a gasp.


Princess cave floor setting


The older squire dashed ahead and ran after the two young princes with baited breath as an out of shape fifty-six-year-old man, slowly climbing each step and finally stomped onto cave floor with a gasp. Cumberrun and Strawn dashed ahead and then knelt down on top of the stone examining each dead woman.
Cumberrun frowned without touching the dead body. “Those are some old women in their thirties and fifties. Where are the sixteen-year- old princesses? They are not dead and present on the cave floor.” He looked up with a worried brow to see the cave room without a young princess.
“Each princess would be inside a princess dome. The dome is located on the other side of the cave.”
“How do you know that?”
Strawn stared down the dead woman with a stern face. “I was first born. I was given more information than the rest of my brothers.”
Squire Number Fifty-six slowly moved ahead in pants of shock and stopped, standing behind the back spines of Cumberrun and Strawn. “What has happened here?”
“They are all dead by a beheading. It is a bloody and ugly mess. My soles of my polished boots are greasy from the puddle of blood. Who or what did terrible thing to all these old women?”
“The princesses?” The older squire back stepped with a gasp from Strawn and turned to the side with a worried brow, dashing ahead toward the archway doorway of plants that held the play room. He was one of the oldest squires and possessed a set of learned knowledge from years of spying and ease drop with a pair of eyeballs and eardrums, not a tongue. He stopped and stood in front of the reached out, dragging the plants to the side and entered the smaller room, touching the edge of the fluttering black colored curtain with a puzzled brow. “Both edges of the curtain had been burnt like a fire stick. Who did this?” The squire jerked down the curtain and folded it underneath an armpit, moving forward into the dark room and stopped, leaning over and pressed the wall. The room illuminated into light. Then the squire gasped.


Princess throne room setting


Cumberrun stood upright and back stepped from the dead old woman, dashing behind the back spine of the squire, and halted inside the princess throne room with a gasp. The room was a playground that was like the playroom inside the Gate House. Cumberrun remembered climbing a ladder over the wall and tumbling down into the pit on top of all his brothers for fun inside the play room. So, this was the princess playroom.
The squire slowly moved forward and balanced both feet on top of the narrow wall ledge, surveying down into each pit. Inside the first three pits, there was a set of individual piles of ashes. One pile was light gray. The other piles were colored in bright red.
Cumberrun slowly moved forward and followed behind the back spine of the squire, looking down with a gasp into each pit. “What is this?”
“Who is this?” The squire stopped and turned to the side, jumping down into the pit, kneeling down over one the piles. He reached up and touched the chin face patch with a finger pad, snapping a picture of the pile of ashes. He reached down and touched the arm patch, where the image was transmitted, stored, and evaluated by a tiny brain of the bot inside the arm patch. He gasped. “This is a pile of burnt gator bones and skin. That’s why the color is red. That means…”
Cumberrun followed behind the ass of the squire and turned to the side, leaping down into the dry pit, standing upright with a sour frown and a gasp, crunching both boot soles over the mineral. “There is a pile of crystallized salt below my boots. This pit was once filled with Delta salt water. So that makes sense that the gator was inside the water pit. The gators live and eat and breed in salty water. But why would the play room be filled with a pit of gators and water? This doesn’t make any sense to me.”
The squire shifted over and snapped a picture with the gray colored chin face patch of the pile of gray ashes with a sad face, transmitting the image to the arm patch. He slowly touched the arm patch with a gasp of the truth. “The pile of light gray ashes, it is the burnt bones and skin of sixteen-year-old Princess Medallion.”
“What?” Cumberrun gasped. “That can’t be right. You can’t be right.”
The squire stood upright with a sad face and stared down at the pile of gray ashes. “This is the room which is used for the Princess Walk.”
He entered the room and pointed at the walls and down at the piles of ashes with a confused brow. “What? Why was the play room, once filled with a pit of alive and breathing gators, used for the Princess Walk? That, it would be have been instantaneous death for each and every sister princess,” Strawn stopped with a sour frown and stood above the hair roots of the squire and Cumberrun.
The squire spun around with a stern face and reached out, grabbing the arm of Cumberrun with a sneer. “You both must leave…”
Strawn crossed both arms on top of the narrow ledge with a sour frown. “No, we are staying and looking for the other royal princesses.”
The Squire exhaled. “They are all dead. I think.”
Cumberrun looked down with a gasp at the pile of ashes, “My girl princess Sinnot…”
“She is dead too.” The squire exhaled with a sad face. “No, this is very, very important. Your lives and each life of the other royal princes are in danger, right now in here, too. Whatever happened in here could also happen to you. Get moving and get outta of here! Go and grab an air ship and go back to the Gate House right now.” The squire tried to climb back up the wall without success.
Strawn unfolded both arms and knelt on one kneecap, extending a strong hand to the older squire with a stern face. “Why must we leave? We need to find the other missing princesses. You need our help.” He back stepped from the narrow ledge and stood upright on top of the solid floor.
The squire stood upright and moved ahead, scooting around Strawn with a sour frown, leaving through the open archway. “The Prince Walk has been canceled for the day.”
Cumberrun climbed up and out of the pit and marched ahead toward Strawn with a puzzled brow. “What? Why?”
Strawn spun around with a confused brow and dashed through the archway, running after the back spine of the squire. “The king is…”


Princess cave room setting


The old squire dashed across the stone floor of the cave room and scooted around the numerous and separated bloody body parts of all the dead older women, moving toward the opposite wall with a worried brow and looking down to study each pile gray ashes inside each pit on the arm patch device. “The king is not here.”
Cumberrun ran behind the ass of Strawn with a confused brow. “Look! We need to tell and talk to the king.”
The squire continued to cross the stone floor with a stern face and studied the arm patch with each pile of colored ashes. “Every royal prince needs to leave and go back to your prince apartment inside the Gate House. Then, I will provide a set of additional instructions later.”
Strawn jabbed a finger at the back spine of the squire with an angry face. “We just looked and examined the same playroom that the young princes played for fun inside the Gate House. However, there were not water pits that were filled with a live and breathing gator. So, you were saving your butthole the entire time from death by my hand.”
The squire stopped and stood in front of the opposite wall that was solid rock without any exit sight with a set of staircase or a new doorway, staring with a stern face down at the arm patch. “No. Yes, I am saving my life, too. There is a rule or a rumor or a right-ness.”
“Who are you to save my ass? I should beat your butthole instead.” Cumberrun sneered.
The squire spun around with a sneer to see Strawn and Cumberrun. “Do not threaten me! I am your savoir here. I have just confirmed each pile of ashes. The queen is dead. The king is dead too.”
“I don’t believe you, Squat!” Cumberrun spat mouth saliva into the face of the squire.
The squire spun around and wiped off the tongue spit, lifted both hands, scanning the smooth midnight blue color and looked for the tiny seam. He found the seam. He reached down and pulled out the tiny hammer from the battle chest vest with a stern face and lifted, tapping the hammer over the smooth stone. The solid wall started to split and crumble into tiny chunks of rock, dropping down, falling onto the cave floor at the boot toes of the squire.
“Why are fucking the wall, Squirt?” Cumberrun spat mouth salvia into the rear skull of the squired.
Strawn reached over and hugged Cumberrun, back stepping them away from the rear skull of the squire with a stern face, “Shush! Watch!”
The wall continued to crack and part into larger chunks of rock, dropping down, falling onto the cave floor. The squire back stepped and watched the wall. The wall exposed a jagged entrance hole. He stepped ahead and stopped, standing, and reached inside the dark hole with a stern face, grabbing and drew out the item with both hands. He pulled the object into a chest and back stepped from the hole, slowly spinning around, and moved ahead, stopping, and knelt onto the cave floor. He slowly lowered the object onto the floor with a stern face.
Strawn and Cumberrun dashed ahead and slid down over the smooth floor, halting in front of the object with a gasp of shock.
The squire reached inside and pulled out a tiny brush from the battle vest, dropping it down, sweeping off the tiny fine midnight blue colored dust particles over the flat object with a stern face.
Cumberrun gasped. “That…that is…a…a piece of colored rock.”
“The rock is a squared shaped slab of stone.” Strawn nodded.
Cumberrun laughed. “The rock was colored by a child. Look at all the different wiggling and squealing lines of something!”
Strawn nodded with a smile. “You know I do believe that the vertical curvy line is blue colored like the Delta waters.”
Cumberrun laughed, “O yeah! If the blue vertical curvy line is the Delta waters, then all the childish art work on the right side of the line shows the colors of circular yellow, red colored horizontal lines, poker dots of green colors, and some type of sideways colors of orange.”
Strawn snapped the fingers with a smile, “So, if the vertical curvy line going down the middle of the white colored slab really is the blue colored Delta waters, then the four childish designs are the four kingdoms. The Kingdom of the Sand is sands which is colored yellow. Above the Kingdom of the Sand is the Kingdom of the Land. The Land is made of fertile red soil which is represented by the four horizontal red colored lines. Then, above the Land, it is the Kingdom of the Wind which is shown as the dots of green colors. And then, the Land of the Sun soars toward the north and across from the Pamburg Kingdom, where the soil is bright orange.”
Cumberrun pointed down with a nod at the stone without touching it. “Yeah, the Kingdom of the Sun is directly across from the Pamburg Kingdom. So, the ugliest mesh of colors in the top left corner must be our homelands. The mountain is painted in purple color with the majestic lake on top. The short mountain castle is surrounded by a series of shallow yellowish colored swamp rivers and the red soil fertile lands for food. The Pamburg mountain range stands in the southwest next to the Kingdome of the Snow. O. I see. The Kingdom of the Snow is colored in up and down vertical lines like mountain valleys and peaks. O. I say. The child is a pretty good artist.”
Strawn pointed down at the slab stone without touching it. “The Kingdom of the Lakes thrives on the fresh water river that flows down from the melted snow flakes of the Kingdom of the Snow, flooding and filling up the fresh waters. So, the bright rusty brown would be the Kingdom of the Fire, where all the underground pits live in fire and heat while mining and extracting all the earth minerals and stones and rocks. This is a map, not a piece of childish art work.”
“A perfected squared shaped stone slab of a colorful map, the map outlines the entire continent, where we live and thrive and die,” the squire continued to clean off the dust particles with a stern face. “The map was created many, many centuries ago. The stone was curved out by the hands of the natives from the Kingdom of the Sand. The stone was bleached white off by the hands of the natives of the Kingdom of the Lakes. The stone was etched out by the hands of natives from the Kingdom of the Fire. The colored painted on the stone came from the hands of the natives of the Kingdom of the Land. The stone has been painted by fingers of the natives of the Kingdom of the Wind. The stone has been ignored by the Kingdom of the Snow. The stone had been guarded by the natives from the Kingdom of the Sun. Finally, the stone was blessed by the king and the queen of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
“What?” Strawn gasped.
The squire didn’t touch the stone but stared with a smile at the object. “This is a piece of ancient old history between the Confederation Kingdoms and the Pamburg Kingdom. It lives here because it is a secret between the Confederation Kingdoms and the Pamburg Kingdom.”
Strawn frowned. “What secret?”
His hands wavered over the stone with a smile. “Don’t touch it, brothers! Lower your eyeballs down even with the floor and look around the edge of the stone slab. It doesn’t matter which side,” the squire dropped a chest down to the floor and studied the side of the stone slab with a smile.
Strawn dropped a chest down to the floor and stared at one of the sides of the wall with a gasp.
Cumberrun scooted around and dropped down to the floor, staring at a different side of the bleached white squared shaped stone with a gasp. “There is a short series of continuous red spots.”
Strawn frowned. “Yeah, there is also a short string of red spots on this side, too.”
“It is a dried blood protein fingerprint,” the squire smiled.
Strawn gasped. “What?”
Cumberrun pointed at the side of the slab with a grin. “The red spots are blood prints. Yeah, I can sorta see the wiggling waves of a smeared finger print.”
“Every sixteen years, the new imperator and the new king will bleed a finger pad and then imprint it upon the side of the stone slab.”
“Why?” Strawn smiled.
The squire continued to stare at the side slab with a grin, “It is a promise of peace.”
Strawn sat upright on both kneecaps with a nod and a stern face. “That is so nice. What does that have to do with the deaths of the old women inside the cave room and the young princesses inside the princess throne room?”
The squire sat upright on both kneecaps and leaned over the stone slab, gently rubbing the sides of the stone with all finger, staring with a stern face at Strawn and Cumberrun. “As long there is a royal prince and a royal princess to rule the Pamburg Kingdom, no party would dare attack us.”
“What are saying, squire?” Strawn gasped.
The squire nodded with a worried brow. “War.”
“How did the conversation go from planning a funeral to plotting a war?” Cumberrun continued to crawl around on the floor and study the sides of the stone slab, scratching the facial whiskers with a puzzled brow.
Strawn frowned. “Someone might attack us. What for? For what? Why? This is an insane and crazy concept and idea.”
“Repeat that, again, squire.” Cumberrun scooted around Strawn and studied the new side of the stone slab that showed all the red spots of blood finger prints with a confused brow.
The squire said. “I am repeating this for all eardrums. If the word gets out and around within the Confederation that all the royal princesses are dead where not one princess is alive, then we will be at war.”
Cumberrun crawled around the stone slab and studied the new side with a frown. “War with the Confederation, why?”
Strawn frowned. “I…we have never met one single native of the Confederation. Why would there be a war with us or with them or with whoever does not have a face?”
The squire nodded with a worried brow. “This silly rule, the first Pamburg king made up. Then, all the previously dead kings honored throughout all centuries before mine and your births. Sixteen-year-old Conic did the same thing on the first day of his kingly reign of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
Cumberrun pointed the tiny date. “Hey, right here! This blood printed date on top of the bloody finger print was written sixteen years ago and one day ago. Wow! I was conceived on the next day.”
Strawn nodded with a puzzled brow, “Me, too!”
The squire sat back on both kneecaps and tapped on the arm patch with a stern face. “I have double checked each pile of light gray ashes.  Good news! I didn’t find Princess Teath among the dead bodies. She is alive, somehow and somewhere.”
Cumberrun sat upright on both kneecaps and turned, staring at the single archway across the width of the princess cave room and as his eyeballs avoided all the numerous blood body parts of the elderly women. “How do you know that? I was there with you inside the princess throne room with you on top of the ledge. I had counted fourteen piles of gray ashes which represented a single princess of Pamburg.”
The squire read the arm patch with a stern face. “No! Princess Teath, her ashes and her set of burnt bones are not there inside the princess throne room. There were two sets of gray ashes on the wall. Each sister princess was inside a water pit with the one or two gators. On the side wall, there were also two throne chairs…”
“King Conic and Queen Shemerry, they sat there inside a throne chair and watched this terrible event, the Princess Walk. And they approved of this evil event for each girl,” Strawn sneered.
The squire looked up with a stern face and a nod. “The Princess Walk is a royal tradition which has approved thousands and thousands of years ago.”
“I don’t give a shit then or now. Each young girl died for no reason. A life is too precious to waste.” Cumberrun frowned.
Strawn nodded with a stern face, “Princess Teath could have been chased down and then murdered and then burnt into a pile of gray ashes inside her princess dome.”
The squire shook a skull. “No, I had to check each princess dome and each servant cubby which on the side of the mountain to ensure that no person was here but the surviving new queen of Pamburg Kingdom before all the princes could fly down from the Gate House for the Prince Walk. I don’t find this mess. I don’t find any dead bodies of princesses or servants either. All the servants were sent back to the villages and await the final outcome of the Princess Walk and the Prince Walk. This is the usual ritual except some of the more experienced royal Nans handle the Princess Walk. Now, the issue, Teath is missing. I can’t find her inside the palace. We can’t continue with the Prince Walk, without a princess.”
Cumberrun sneered. “I don’t wanna do the Prince Walk, if I have to fight a gator. No one wins against a gator with a mouth of fangs in the dark. Why didn’t you tell us about the dangerous of the Prince Walk?”
The squire frowned. “I am not allowed by traditional also. Or I will lose my life just like any of the other squires. Geez! Give me a break, boy. I went through and survived the Prince Walk many years ago, too. I deserved a life of peace and safety, too. Each one of us bravery went through the Prince Walk and survived. Both of you would have survived also.”
Cumberrun growled. “Why didn’t you become the king then?”
“This is not the place and the time for this delicate discussion. I promise to give you all the details of my personal Prince Walk at a later date. There were fourteen piles of dead ashes of humans. Teath is missing and is not inside one of the piles of burnt death. The fourteenth pile is King Conic. He is dead.”
Strawn exhaled with a nod. “Damn! This is a bigger problem than we have all anticipated.”
The squire nodded with a stern face. “Exactly, we are missing a princess. We are missing a king. Worse, we are missing a queen, too. The dead queen could be substituted for a live princess that did happen a long time ago, since one of the current brother princes could still become a king of Pamburg.”
Cumberrun frowned. “I can’t. I don’t wanna be the king of Pamburg, ever.”
Strawn nodded. “Of course, we can aid here. All the princes can come and help clean up the one of the piles of princesses.”
The squire exhaled. “And then all the princes will tell and share this information by twos and by threes. It’s bad enough that you, you, and I know about the tragic deaths of the princesses. The entire royal servants will become, I promise, kinda suspicious of seeing me and not a royal Nan, after they return back to the princess domes.”
Strawn frowned. “The word will spread fast…”
“...faster than a forest fire,” Cumberrun frowned.
The squire nodded with a stern face. “You and you must go and find Princess Teath, bringing her back here to Pamburg as soon as humanly possible. Or we all face the alternative.”
“Who did this?” Strawn turned and scanned the bloody body parts of each ripped apart royal Nans.
The squire turned and scanned the same scene too “I don’t know.”
“The killer, he is still here inside the mountain castle. Yeah, we go and capture him. He would still possess the live princess. We’re wasting time around here chit-chatting,” Cumberrun nodded with a stern face.
The squire shook a skull with a stern face. “No, the mountain castle is empty. There is not a princess, servant, Nan, or another invader here. If there was an invader here, then I would be dead too.”
Cumberrun nodded with a stern face. “Okay, that makes sense to me.”
Strawn turned with a gasp to see the squire. “No, the killer is not here but chasing down the last Pamburg princess which will start a war with the Confederation.”
Cumberrun nodded with a stern face to the quire. “Yeah, this is the serious conclusion which will lead us into war, since centuries ago before my birth.”
The squire extended a hand to each prince with a nod and a weak smile. “Good luck, princes! The Pamburg Kingdom and natives are depending upon the both of you to find the missing Princess Teath.
Strawn stood upright with a stern face and a nod to the squire, “Yeah! Teath must have escaped after seeing all the deaths and the face of the killer.”
Cumberrun stood upright with a stern face and a nod. “Yeah, we go right now and find Teath and bring her home for continuous peace within the Pamburg Kingdom!”


11th hour (late morn)

Home of dead King Conic and dead Queen Shemerry
Palace Mountain

Cool temperatures with bright yellow sunlight
Princess cave room setting


Between the waters of the two Great Oceans, there existed a set of numerous continents. One of the largest was not named but was composed of numerous vast kingdoms with an individual ruler. The alliance of the kingdoms was called the Confederation.
Near the top of the vast continent, there was the separate, isolated, and vast Pamburg Kingdom, too.
The mountain castle rested on top of an open mountain flat top, not an arched peak. Centuries ago, the winds, the ice, and the storms had blown away the steep arched peak. Then the hard ice melted down and curved out a deep lake of fresh water, which was used for clean drinking water on top of the mountain.
The top of the mountain was comprised of an extremely large placid fresh water lake without the surrounding edge of tree groves, short fruit plants, and rows of colorful wildflowers. The mountain flat top was high enough for warm temperatures during the daylight hours and cool temperatures at nighttime slumber.
A circular thick and high wall of rock held the lake water in pace. In front of the thick wall, there stood fourteen individual princess domes for fourteen princess sisters.
On the opposite side of the lake, the princess cave room hid from the sun and the wind, where the sisters had gathered to eat, to study, and to play. Inside the cave room, on the side wall, there stood the single archway which led into the princess throne room, where thirteen dead sister princesses rested inside a water pit with alive or dead gator.
The royal parents of King Conic and Queen Shemerry resided on a flat landscape palace inside one of the villages and away from the princesses. A set of royal Nans or royal nurses protected and watched over each princess day and night.
The eastern side of the mountain castle viewed the twin gates and the Delta waters. The northern side of the mountain housed all the work villages of working natives.
The southern side was composed of more wetlands. Around the mountain castle, the landscape consisted of a series of flat red colored marshlands where only a matching red colored viper and her babies waited for a set of delicious non-flying rojo birds.
The non-flying rojo birds were a small and compact group of mammals that were colored in bright pink and dull blue with a set of soft and pretty feathers over the body. The body was plump and round from eating tons of the bitter smelling yellow colored swamp moss.
Between the flat marshlands, there were twirling set of misshaped orange colored swamps.
The orange swamps and the red marshlands clashed against each other in alternating rows of beauty and danger. The winding rows run side by side and around the entire length of the planet which made the planet useless for crop fields of food, plant stocks for clothes, and fun time of play for the natives.
The swamps contained a variety of vicious mammals that ate each other and anything else that happened to walk or fly without an open mouth of fangs. There were the swampy creatures which were called gators that owned and ruled the swamps.


Princess cave room setting


Within the Pamburg Kingdom on the top of the palace mountain inside the princess cave room, the squire extended a hand outward to each prince with a nod and a weak smile. “Good luck, princes! The Pamburg Kingdom and natives are depending upon the both of you to find the missing Princess Teath.
Strawn stood upright with a stern face and a nod to the squire. “Yeah, Teath must have escaped after seeing all the deaths and the face of the killer.”
Cumberrun stood upright with a stern face and a nod. “Yeah, we go right now and find Teath and bring her home for peace.” Strawn spun around and dashed toward the rock covered staircase which led down onto the flat soil where a set of two airships stood. Cumberrun did not move and exhaled with a huff of worry. “I don’t wanna be a numb here, since I, of two, have been tasked to save to the Pamburg Kingdom. But the Confederation lands are vast and great and lots and lots of unfamiliar landscape. How are we supposed to find a missing princess among the true natives? When she will be hiding out and hiding in disguise from us, since she doesn’t know that we are coming to rescue her.”
Strawn halted and spun around with a worried brow, dashing ahead, and stopped, standing next to his princely brother with a worried brow. “Uh!”
The squire nodded with a slight smirk to Cumberrun. “I am so sorry that the Prince Walk has been cancelled. I do believe that Prince Cumberrat would have made an excellent king of Pamburg.”
Strawn gasped. “But, I…”
“King Cumberrun, now, that has nice ring!” Cumberrun laughed with a nod to the squire.
The squire turned to the side with a smile and dashed ahead toward the rock covered staircase which was located on the outside of the mountain. “Follow me! You need a disguise first. Someone might recognize your amber waves of curls, Cumberrat. You should cut your hair before your rescue mission.”
Strawn spun around and followed behind the squire with a smile. Cumberrun reached up and patted his curls that hung across a pair of board shoulders with a smile and a laugh. “Naw…” he turned to the side and dashed behind Strawn.
They stepped on the staircase and swiftly climbed up toward the second level. 


Second level sitting


The squire turned to the side and stepped off the staircase and onto the level second floor, dashing ahead, passing an individual empty princess dome, and moved around a curved open balcony that served as a hallway. Each princess dome was built with a set of four upright arched columns underneath a dome rooftop.
Each dome had been strategically spaced for personal privacy and personality charge of each alive and breathing sister princess. An alive and breathing princess could lounge on top of an elevated chair on top of the flat rock floor with a color coded face patch, communicating with all the sisters or one. Thus, the princess dome could keep the dueling catfight to a minimum between the set of sassy sisters.
Strawn turned to the side and followed the squire, dashing around the same open balcony with a racing heart and a mind of nervousness and excitement and turned, scanning each dome with a gasp of beauty. The princess dome had an open structure which featured a living setting space with a set of elevated throne chairs and sofa, a sleeping space with a single bed frame that hugged the rear of the smooth midnight blue tinted mountain rock for privacy from a sister while blocking the heat and secretly reading an arm patch for fun.
Cumberrun stepped off the staircase and followed behind Strawn, staring into each dome. Now the dome was empty and lifeless without the pretty and lively sister princess. He continued to run down along the open balcony while thinking of his girl Sinnot. He had met her one night when she was feeding the nest of gators on the flat soil near the swamps as a princess punishment. She spun around from the growling gator and slammed the tray of nasty food into his naked chest. Cumberrun had stolen one of the airships and left the Gate House, seeing one of the native girls at the village.
Part of the princely assignment was learning the function and duty of each village. Yes, he learned quickly and came back to learn more about the village and the girl.
He was sneaking back into the air and smashed into the food tray.
Sinnot was shocked.
Cumberrun was shocked too. He reached over and kicked the tray of food toward the growling gator with a chuckle and saved her life and another princess punishment. Then she moved forward and kissed him. He fell instantly in love and made a good habit to meet and kiss on Sinnot during his training sessions at the bottom of the mountain castle.
One of the squires had spotted him outside the Gate House and the village and then Cumberrun received a princely punishment, mopping the floors inside the bot room.
Now, he understood the purpose of feeding the gators as a princess punishment. The hunger gator barely chased after and ate the natural prey, eating the free tray of people food with laziness. Then the gator would have recognized the sweet perfume of a sister princess. Thus, the hungry gator was not afraid of any one of the sister princesses. When the playground pits were filled with salt water and a gator or two, the gator was hunger and waited for the new meal, a sister princess.
The squire leaped over the flat stream of water and around each docked jettie with a worried brow. He needed to quickly disguise the two young princes and sent them out into the unknown to find the missing princess. Or there would great doom within the Pamburg Kingdom. He hopped over the stream and halted into a skid, almost tumbling down over the pavement, spinning around with a gasp. The eighth dome was missing a jettie which had belonged with Princess Teath. And this was a true confirmation that the sister princess was still alive. He moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the stream of running water that flooded down from the fresh water lake on top of the flat peak. Teath had successfully fled the mountain castle and the murderer.
Cumberrun ran down with a sneer and slammed into the back spine of Strawn, twirling around without falling off the edge of the cliff and halted in front of the running stream the squire. Cumberrun sneered. “What the…”
Strawn looked down with a confused brow at the running stream of water and then back to see the face of the squire. “What is that?”
The squire reached out and touched the air with a smile. “It is missing. Why is it missing?”
Strawn looked down with a confused brow at the running water. “What is missing? There is nothing here or there. What are you babbling about, squire? What was there before?”
“Come on! Let’s find your disguise first,” the squire spun around and dashed ahead over the open balcony with a smile.


Princess dome setting of Hokkeedo


The squire ran ahead and dashed ahead over the rest of the curved balcony, turning, and entered the last princess dome. “This dome houses Princess Hokkeedo. She was the tallest of the princess sisters. You will find an excellent disguise in here before venturing out from the kingdom and into the unknown and unfamiliar landscapes of the Confederation kingdoms to find Teath.” He moved through the living room setting and entered the sleeping room setting, stopping inside the closet, and stood among the rows of rakes with a smile. Strawn and Cumberrun dashed behind the squire and stopped inside the archway of the closet.
Inside the edge of the closet, Cumberrun leaned down and scooped up the vertical shaft with a smile. It was cold-feeling and dead. “Hey look! It’s a shaft. Did each sister princess possess a shaft?” He stood upright and caressed the rod with a grin.
“Yes,” the squire reached up and gathered an armful of clothing that belonged to the tallest sister princess Hokkeedo.
He frowned with a nod, “Too bad! Each one didn’t take it with them into the playroom. The shaft would have been an excellent weapon to make a dead gator. When the rod spins around and around, the wand whirls into a life of unique color,” he back stepped from the two males and the closet, stopping and stood in the middle of room, whipping the rod side to side. The rod glowed into the color of orange blaze. 
The squire moved ahead with a smile out from the closet with the clothes. Strawn back stepped with a confused brow out from the closet and stopped, standing in front of the Squire. The squired laughed. “Here is your disguise. You will go as a pair of young maidens into the unfamiliar lands of the Confederation. No one would dare touch an ugly girl with a wicked shaft,” he dropped the pile of clothes at the boot toes with a laugh.
Strawn tossed both arms into the air with a confused brow. “What? Wait! I am confused again.”
The squire exhaled with a huff of worry. “When you go from here, you will carry away your sweat molecule, your hair follicle, and your blood protein. The Pamburg tracker device can find you by your heat signature, your odor, and your appearance without seeing your sweet smile over the short distance radar screen inside the science building.
Strawn gasped in shock. “It can. It does. It can track me from outer space.”
The squire smiled. “No, it can track you from the skyline. Then when you return back into the kingdom with the rescued princess, one of the Pamburg squires will recognize and examine your physical body, successfully matching the sweat, the hair strands, and the blood proteins inside the familiar landscape of the swamps.”
Cumberrun laughed and twirled the shaft. “With the nest of hunger gators, I do believe that the Prince Walk is deadly.”
The squire nodded. “So while inside the Confederation lands, you need to disguise your heat signature. Dip a hand down into the soil of landscape. For example, a dipped hand down into the cold water of the Kingdom of Lakes. Your body temperature will drop from 98.6 degrees to 96.3 degrees.”
Cumberrun continued to twirl the shaft with a smile. “Can my teenly tenderly manly body take that much coldness? I will freeze and might pass out from frostbite or something. Then the natives of the Confederation will capture and ransom me back here for something…”
“There is nothing to ransom for you, Cumberrat. So, don’t get caught and captured,” the squire laughed.
Strawn squatted down and touched the pile of girly clothes with a worried brow. “I don’t know about going as a pair of girly girls. Wonder if Cumberrat gets propositioned?”
“Yeah, that might happen to sweet and cute Strawn, not me.” Cumberrun tossed the shaft into the air without watching it and missed the air borne twirl. The shaft dropped down and landed on top of the hard surface with a soft ting. He moved ahead and stopped, standing over the pile of clothes with a sour frown.
The squire smiled. “Actually, you have thin blood. You will have no issue with any type of cold or heat signature tracker device, if the Confederation possess one. Literally, you need to roll your body around into the sands or the plants or the water lilies inside the landscape to create a new odor. A Pamburg native smells with a piney scent. It will be a temporary disguise scent that will extinguish your natural smell.”
Strawn reached out and touched each piece of clothing with a sour frown. “Does that really work, squire? If it was so simple, why didn’t each prince visit the Confederation for some fun-ness and for foolishness?”
Cumberrun squatted down and reached out to touch each piece of girly soft clothing item with a sour frown. “Why do we go as a girl? I am a man. I can handle any wimp with my sharp blade that protrudes from my shaft.”
The squire nodded. “Your appearance cannot be altered or changed. You have amber skin, amber hair, and amber eyeballs. You are a true native of Pamburg like the rest of your live brothers and dead sisters.
Cumberrun picked through the clothing items and selected the ugliest pieces of fabric for his disguise into the kingdoms of the Confederation. “Yeah, I always wanted to inquire about the sister part in my family.”
“This is not the place. There is not time, right now, Cumberrat.” The squire exhaled. “If you survive and come back to stand with the other princes…”
“Then I will become the king of Pamburg Kingdom.” Strawn slapped a chest with a nod.
The squire smiled at Strawn. “Then, our way of life within the kingdom will continue to exist. Both of you are the heirs of the Pamburg dynasty that is not in question, only your life forms. Inside any one of the Confederation kingdoms, you have to worry about your appearance and your mouth, Cumberrat.”
“I feel insulted.” Cumberrun gathered and lifted the clothing item into the air with a laugh and stood upright, slipping on the dress down over the skull and wiggled the fabric down a body, hearing the rip of the dress with a frown, “Uh oh! I think it is too small.”
“I have never heard that statement before.” Strawn stood upright with a chuckle and reached down to touch the body vest.
“No, you need to wear your battle gear underneath the dress disguise. You don’t know if you might need your shaft. The dress will easily hide the weapon.” The squire frowned.
Strawn leaned down and slid the long skirt up from the boot toes over the body and extended both arms to the side with a smile. “A perfect fit!”
Cumberrun exhaled with a huff of annoyance and thumbed to the side at Strawn with a smile. “I am giant-sized. These clothes didn’t fit me. So, I will be her escort with my muscles and my shaft,” chuckling.
Strawn continued to dress in a separate short silk blouse of green, aqua blue, and pink, a longer blouse of light green, maroon, and peach colors over the short silk blouse with a set of headdress of beautiful scarves in yellow, black, and purple that fit around the amber colored hair roots with a sour frown. “Forget it!” He tied a long scarf of gold and brown around the waistline, keeping the loose items together, in case he was moving away on the run from an enemy in disguise for some reason.
The squire shook a skull with a worried brow. “Forget that idea. You must both be disguised. I know. We can run over and look in one of the Nans’ suites. Some of the older women were tall and fat. A big dress would fit well over the big bones of Cumberrat,” The squire moved ahead with a laugh through the sleeping setting and living setting and turned, dashing over rest of the open balcony, stepping onto a new set of steps. He climbed down and turned to side, entering a new curvy archway.
Cumberrun spun around and dashed behind the squire, following down the steps and turned into the new archway too with a gasp.


Cave setting of the Nans


On the opposite side of the mountain castle, there was a set of short steps that lead down to a single entrance, the mouth of dark cave. The squire moved ahead with a stern face and entered one of the bedrooms that had been curved into the rock of the mountain in the rear of the dark cave. Cumberrun slowly moved inside the room with a puzzled brow. “Is this really the living quarters of the Nans?”
“Yes, it is.” The squire stopped and stood in front of the wall with an exposed and open small closet of clothing for the dead tall and fat Nan.
He slowly moved around and scanned the room. “It’s all dark and enclosed like a cave. Does an animal live in here?” the room held 
“No.” The squire reached up and gathered a pile of clothing for the taller prince with a stern face.
Cumberrun slowly whirled around with a puzzled brow. “Why is it so depressing and dark inside here?”
The squire turned to face the open archway of the open cave room with a smile and moved ahead, stopping, and stood in front of Cumberrun. “You have never babysat fourteen whining little girls before,” the squire dropped down a pile of clothing over the smooth floor.
Cumberrun squatted down with a laugh and gathered the skirt, standing upright from the stone floor, and slipped the long skirt over the boot toes and wiggled it up the waistline. “O. I see. But I can’t see inside the dark cave.”
“The darkness and coldness eases the mind and the personality of the wicked Nan at the end of the long work day. The old Nans were a team of reject girls from the Princess Walk in their day. So, some of the Nans were not nice to man, to beast and to each other.”
Strawn entered the room and moved ahead, stopping, and stood with a smile next to Cumberrun. “You look cute!”
Cumberrun slapped both hands over the silk skirt with a growl, trying to find the shaft. “I dare you to say that again. But, wait first? Let me grab my shaft, boy!”
Strawn slapped both hands over his clothing with a smile. “This is a great disguise, squire. We should be safe and sound inside the landscape of the Confederation without worry.”
The squire nodded with a smile. “I know.”
Cumberrun continued to dress in a short sleeved blouse of red, golden, black, yellow colors, a longer jacket of pink, orange, green, and blue, a set of hair scarves of purple, silver, peach and white around the skull. Thanks for the overconfidence in my worry.”
“How would you know that?” Strawn frowned at the squire.
The squired nodded with a smile. “I did, too.”
“What did you do, too?” Strawn frowned.
The squire nodded with a grin. “I was the first born prince during my time. My time has continued to ripen with a head of amber and gray hair and lots of amber tinted wrinkles. When I was young, I ventured down into the lands of the Confederation.”
Cumberrun tied a long scarf around the waistline which kept the clothes together with a laugh. “So, you run away and become a fugitive inside the lands of the confederation. Why would you do that, Squat?”
The squire smiled. “I journeyed as an observer to learn about the Confederation.”
“How were you able to do that?” Strawn frowned.
The squire grinned. “A long time ago, each prince could venture into the Confederation to see the other side of the gates.”
Strawn gasped with alarm. “I am first born. I didn’t get to do that. Why not?”
The squire nodded with a stern face. “Then, one of the bolder teen princes did what Cumberrun enjoyed doing. But, he was caught by one of the squires. Well, it wasn’t pretty.”
Cumberrun pressed down all the girly clothing over a body with a smile. “Awe! It was the original idea that created feeding the gators.”
The squire frowned. “No, the gators had been used in the Princess and Prince Walk for centuries. And it was very effective. Yes, the prince was killed along with his new knowledge. It was shameful and wasteful but it had to be done. Outside the gates, there is a different life, a different type of people, and a different culture. You live or die out there.”
Strawn frowned. “You do the same thing in here during the Prince Walk.”
“But it is our way in here, since the beginning of time. Out there, you are the enemy. Period! You aren’t given a choice,” the squire frowned.
Cumberrun slapped both hands over the girly dress with a frown. “Each dead sister princess didn’t have a choice or a chance or a chicken shit way out, to me.”
The squire nodded with a stern face, “Yes, I agree with you. Each sister princesses were told and updated about the playground pits before entering the prince room throne. Then each princess could choose her fate as the queen or as the servant. However, I do not think that the Nans had provided that information. Over the years, since I am very old, I have noted that there are only one or two surviving princesses. The old and crabby Nans didn’t want to see a young girl replace them. After years of royal service, a Nan is returned back into a village to work for food and shelter. A squire is returned back into the village also. But it is different. A male has a better chance of love and marriage and prosperity rather than a dried up old prune. Thus, I do believe that the Nans purposefully didn’t bother to mention a gator or two.
Cumberrun sneered. “Then, all the rest of the Nans should be tied up and then tossed into the swamp to be eaten by the nest of gators. And I will help with that act too.”
The squire exhaled. “I do believe that one of the Nans has gone rouge. Fourteen different piles of ash had been burned by the tip of a shaft with a fireball. There were no other body parts, since the murderous Nan must have been known and friendly with both the king and the queen. The king and the queen both carried a shaft for protection. So, only a Pamburg warrior can do perform that killing task.”
Starwn gasped. “We could be exposed by the traitor while we seek the princess.”
“Yes,” the squire nodded with a smile.
Cumberrun gasped. “We could die by the exposed traitor while we seek the princess.”
The squire nodded with a smile, “Yes, again.”
“Why are we doing this?” Cumberrun frowned at the squire.
The squire nodded with a smile, “To rescue the princess!”
Cumberrun turned with a sour frown to his brother. “Why are we doing this, Strawn?”
“To save the kingdom,” Strawn nodded with a smile.
Cumberrun frowned with a sigh, “O.”
Strawn reached over and slapped the bicep of Cumberrun with a stern face. “We need to leave right now.” He spun around and tripped over the long skirt with a soft curse, grabbing the fabric and lifted the dress tail up to the kneecaps, swiftly moving across the floor toward the cave entrance through the dark.
Cumberrun spun around and tripped over the long skirt like Strawn. “Damn!” He topped in place and reached down, wadding the dress tail up into a ball over the waistline, swiftly moving across the floor behind Strawn. The squire followed behind Cumberrun with a laugh.


Outside balcony ledge
Cool temperatures and warm sunshine


Strawn exited through the cave mouth and turned, climbing up the stairs, holding onto the silk dress with a stern face. Cumberrun exited through the cave mouth and turned, following behind Strawn with the squire tagging along. Strawn stomped onto the rock balcony ledge and swiftly moved ahead, leaping over each stream of water that separated the princess domes. Cumberrun and the squire pulled up and posed between Strawn with a stern face. 
The squire frowned. “There is something else.”
Cumberrun moved ahead and turned to stare over the landscape of yellow swamps, high mountain ranges of brown, and miles of red dirt of crops. “What is the something else?
The squire moved ahead with Cumberrun and Strawn with a sigh. “I can’t remember now. So, be a good boy and do not flirt with a good girl, Cumberrat! A native girl will not recognize you and then Strawn will die.”
“Cumberrat!” Strawn moved ahead with a growl.
Cumberrun laughed. “I will try.”
The squire said with a stern face. “One, there are no refugees within the Confederation but one, who is Teath. Two, you are the refugees. Your acute innocent senses will temporary absorb a new odor for a short period of time like not bathing for a three days as you encounter each native of the Confederation. In return, your natural odor will invade and kill all the foreign scent like a warm bubble bath.”
Cumberrun exhaled. “I’m going to miss my personal hot bubble baths.”
The squire said. “Your appearance cannot be altered or changed. You have amber skin, amber hair, and amber eyeballs. You are a native of Pamburg like the rest of your dead sisters. You are an heir of the Pamburg dynasty that is not in question, only your life form. Inside each kingdom, heed your physical appearance with worry. There is something there.”
Cumberrun frowned. “You said three things to heed already. But who’s accounting?”
Strawn moved ahead over the balcony edge of the princess domes and leaped over each stream of water with a stern face and a nod. “Where do we start to find Teath? The kingdoms are long and wide and vast. This is going to take days, weeks, months…”
“We don’t have weeks.” Cumberrun frowned. Strawn and Cumberrun leaped over the next stream of water at the same time together, moving ahead toward the edge of the second level with a stern face.
The squire stopped and stood in front of the stream of water with a smile. “I can help here. I know where Teath is located.”
Strawn stopped and spun around with a gasp to see the squire, “Where?”
Cumberrun stopped and spun around with a sneer to the older squire with a head of grayish amber curls. “What?”
The squire pointed down to the stream of running water with a smile. “I don’t have time for a history lesson. But right here, there was a jettie…”
“A jettie is small sky ship.” Cumberrun turned and scanned the valley of green colored swamps with worry. “If she took the jettie, it could be down inside the swamps by now.”
The squire smiled. “Yes, you are correct. A jettie is a small sky ship. So, she couldn’t have gone too far. She would not have gone over the mountain range. It is too high and too cold. She wouldn’t have gone over to the fields of crops. It is too far and too low. Her pursuer would have seen her. She wouldn’t have traveled across the Delta water into the desert either. It is too hot and too dangerous. So, that leaves only one spot, the Kingdom of the Wind.”
Strawn frowned. “What is the Kingdom of the Wind?”
“It is a sweet spot of forests and trees, where she can hide?” The squire looked up with a smile and pointed through the skyline with a nod.
Cumberrun frowned. “What about spotting a grounded silver tinted jettie by a native of the Confederation with a princess?”
He shook a skull with a smile. “It would have hopped across the top of the water and then landed at the edge of the shoreline. Then it would have fallen backwards and drowned down into the Delta water. It wouldn’t have enough power to make a ground landing.”
Strawn gasped. “She is dead.”
“No, she survived.” The squire nodded with a smile. “She was trained as a princess like a prince, since birth. She is located there inside the Kingdom of the Wind for her safety while blending within the Confederation natives with ease. This is going to be easy.”
Strawn exhaled. “That is not going to be easy.”
The squire frowned. “It is easier than fighting for your life and your kingdom, if the Confederation invades our landscape.”
Strawn frowned, “That is not very easy to do, either.”
The squire nodded with a stern face. “Pamburg natives are visually related in a set of common appearance factors, such like, smooth exterior amber colored skin and a set of amber colored skull hair. You are invading and venturing into the Confederation. I am teaching here to you. Each human will possess an array of different colored skin tones, hair strands, and body features within the rest of the Confederation. There are many dangerous degrees range of shaft skills within the Confederation also from beginner up towards stupid. You will not be able to determine an experienced shaft user. So, you are to treat each individual with care and caution. Silence is golden. Do not speak unless spoken too. And wear clean manly underwear. Or you will swiftly identify your home nation, your name, you heat signature, or your odor…”
Strawn laughed with a nod. “Cumberrat gets it. Don’t touch a girl!”
“What?” Cumberrun frowned.
“One more thing, drop the Pamburg accent,” the squire frowned.
Starwn nodded with a frown. “How am I to defense myself in a fight inside the Confederation?”
Cumberrun laughed with a nod. “Use your shaft!”
The squire smiled. “Use your brain skills first and then the shaft skills second.”
“I guess that I can do that. What else?”
“If found or discovered, the Confederation jerks will imprison and then executed you on sight.”
“Heard that loud and dead!” Cumberrun spun around with a smile and moved ahead. “So, we take one of the airships and then land on top of the shoreline, parking it among the trees or whatever. Then we found the princess and escape like two thieves in the night,” laughing.
“No, the airship will identify you as a pair of princes. You will take a speed boat to the shoreline of the Kingdom of the Wind,” the squire jumped over the streaming water and moved ahead with a laugh and a grin.
Strawn spun around and moved ahead with a confused brow. “Speed boat? Where is there a speed boat around here? We don’t own one or a fleet of speed boats.”
Cumberrun laughed.  “O. I see. We speed into war.”
The squire moved over the rock balcony and turned the building corner, heading down the rock covered staircase toward the flat ground soil of yellow hue with a stern face. “No, you ride inside a speed boat over the swamp water.”
“How is that possible?” Strawn spun around with a confused brow and followed behind the squire.
The squire landed on top of the flat soil with a smile and turned to the side, moving ahead toward the base of the mountain castle, stopping, and stood in front of a tiny dark cave entrance with a laugh. “Now, both of you grab the edge of rowboat and toss it into the water and then paddle it toward the one of the crystal gates.”
Cumberrun stomped down the staircase and turned to the side, moving ahead toward the squire with a confused brow. “What?”
“You will row boat around the swamps of the gators and stop in front of the gates.” the squire nodded.
“The gates are closed.” Strawn frowned.
“I am going to open them,” the squire smiled. 
Strawn gasped. “You need the hand prints of each teen prince to open the gates. Cumberrun and I will not up there.”
The squire chuckled, “Really?”
Strawn nodded with a gasp, “Really, yeah!”
The squired laughed, “Really?”
Cumberrun shook his curls with a huff of annoyance, “Really not! I am wisely learning too much in one hour rather than within my entire sixteen years, since birth. There are fourteen molds of hand prints inside the control room. So, my or any hand can be dumped down into the molded metal. Then, the hand presses down and activates the mechanisms which click open the latches of the gates.”
Strawn gasped. “Is that true?”
The squire laughed. “You will see the truth. Get going and rowing toward the pair of crystal gates?”
Cumberrun frowned. “What do we do there, Squat?”
The squire nodded with a smile. “When you stand inside the row boat near the gate, it will slowly crack open and reveal the outside world before our kingdom. Then, you both swiftly jump out from the row boat and latch onto the outer bars of the crystal gate, hanging on there by the fingernails until pickup. Hold on! The gate will be slowly close back shut keeping all invaders out of the kingdom.”
Cumberrun sneered. “What in the hell is going to pick us up from the gate?”
The squired laughed with a nod. “A River Rat will be inside speed boat.”
Strawn growled. “The society of River Rats is our true enemy.”
The squired nodded with a grin. “No. They are a set of neutral friends. We pay them numerous boxes of metal components which are used to repair and maintain their River Rat ship. Then, they do a set of small favors for us from time to time.”
“What fucking favors?” Cumberrun sneered.
The squire laughed. “They pick up and drop up a pair of princes, who are disguised as a pair of ugly princesses for fun. Get going and rowing! They will come immediately. Both of you must be present. Or you will blow your cute girly disguises and miss out on the rescue of the princess. Then, we all will be in a real war with our precious lives.”
Strawn moved ahead with a nod and stopped, standing in front of the smooth purple tinted mountain side, squatting down over the smooth rock floor, peeking into the tiny hole in the rock with a puzzled brow. There was a ground single row boat of yellow tint. He reached inside and grabbed the tip, pulling the boat over the smooth rock, exposing it into the bright sunrays.
Cumberrun stood in place with a worried brow. “It’s too tiny.”
“Like your dick, Cumberrat!” Strawn shoved the rear wood of the rowboat toward the edge of the soil and onto the water with a laugh.
Cumberrun turned and followed behind the row boat with a sour frown. “It is too small. A gator will attack and kill us before we rendezvous with one of the crystal gates.”
The squire turned and followed beside the ass of Cumberrun, pointing at the row boat with a stern face. “The small motor emits the swishing sound of a swimming gator on top of the water. The real gator will not attack a brother unlike a princely brother.”
Cumberrun growled. “Bull shit!”
“A bull does not live here within the swamps, only a nest of gators. I guess Cumberrun failed his zoology class when I wasn’t teaching,” the squire laughed.
Cumberrun pointed down at the row boat and then the water with a worried brow. “This is a sorry-ass plan, Strawn. We will get attacked and killed by numerous gators if we adventure inside a tiny row boat going through the swamps.”
Strawn squatted down over the rock floor and pressed both hands over the smooth wood and the tiny engine of the row boat for safety with a stern face of annoyance. “It is motorized, Cumberrat! This is an emergency rate, Cumberrat! I am going with or without you, Cumberrat!” He shoved the row boat forward into the water with a loud grunt, leaving the back end over the soil, standing upright and shook both hips side to side. The long skirt flowed down over his tallness. He leaned down and gathered the dress hemline, jerking the fabric up and exposed the kneecaps that were covered in a pair of leather trousers with a stern face. He climbed on-board and slowly moved toward the front of the row boat, sitting down on top of the long bench, and reached over, grabbing the steering lever on the small engine. The engine had been located in front of the speed boat to ensure that the gator heard the sound before seeing the fake gator. “I am leaving right now with or without you, bro.”
Cumberrun tossed both arms in the air with a sour frown and slapped down both hands over the girly soft skirt with a huff of frustration. He didn’t want to leave his brother alone with the rescue duty, since there were best friends also. He reached down and grabbed, lifting the hemline of the soft skirt up toward the kneecaps, exposing the pair of leather trousers, climbing into the rowboat also and sat down on top of the rear bench without a paddle or a hand rails with a sour frown, “Fine!”
The squire spun around with a smile and dashed ahead toward the airship with a yell to the princes. “Get rowing, princes! I am leaving the mountain castle and landing on top of the Gate House, going into the control room. I and the other squires will open the gates. Don’t worry! I will be watching for you at the gates,” he entered the ramp of the airship and slid down into the pilot seat, starting the engine of the airship.
On top of the swamps, Strawn pressed the lever down. The row boat slowly steered ahead and slid off the edge of the tan colored soil with a putt-putt sound, announcing its arrive for all sleeping gators. He glided the lever side to side through a series of winding and curvy passages of greenish-black swampy water with a worried brow in silence, sailing slowly toward the gigantic glittering crystal made gates.
Cumberrun continued to sit on top of the rear bench in silence. He knew like Strawn a set of unique noises would alert one or more gators to the new boat of prey on top of the water surface. The tiny row boat was made of thin wood which was not a good protection shield from a gigantic hunger gator mouth of sharp fangs.
The row boat slowly maneuvered around the set of swamps and swiftly moved toward the crystal gates without disturbing the nest of gators. The rock crystal which composed both the fence and the gates glittered in an array of flashing tones that twinkled in hues of green, orange, yellow, pink, red, blue, silver, gold, and purple, beaming down from the bright sunrays. The tiny row boat looked like a small bird flying toward the gigantic structure.
This morning, Cumberrun and Strawn had seen the internal view of each gate through the viewing screen from the control room inside the Gate House with a pair of eyeballs. Now, inside the tiny row boat, they experienced the blinding gleam from the sunshine, the radiant heat from the sunshine, and the rough waves of the mighty Delta waters that swirled back and forth and around the gigantic gates. The row boat was so tiny and so close to the water that the height of the Gate House seemed to feel far away like the stars inside outer space.
Strawn stared at the gates in silence while worrying about drowning inside the swamp water, the home of the gators.
Inside the Gate Tower, the older squire had successful reached the control room and worked with the other thirteen squires on the control panel with all the hand molds. One side of the crystal gates slowly opened with a set of loud tings as the movement whirled the salt waters around the structure.
The row boat slowed and stopped in front of the stationary non-moving crystal gate. Cumberrun and Strawn stood upright and wobbled side to side inside the tiny row boat, jumping up in the air and off the floor of the rowboat, flying over the water and attached to the side of the stationary gate, holding onto the series of hollow cross bars with a pair of strong hands. Each one wobbles side to side and balanced on the foot, slowly scooting sideways over a thin horizontal bar toward the edge of the stationary gate and then rounded the curved edge, moving sideways in front of the gate that faced the Delta water. The bright sunlight blinded the eyeballs. The wind burned the nose bridge. The salt air slapped the cheekbones. The open crystal gate slowly started to close shut with the sounds of loud pings as the movement swirled the salt waters again.
Cumberrun and Strawn continued to slowly move over the top of the thin horizontal ledge of the stationary crystal gate and away from the moving structure with a set of soft curses and loud grunts, holding onto the hollow cross bars for balance and security. Cumberrun stopped and hung onto the crystal gate within the middle section of the stationary gate. Strawn stopped with a huff of worry and stood beside his brother in the bright light and salty air, sweating inside the girly disguise. The second gate completely closed shut with a loud click and splashed short waves of salt water over the ankles and up to the kneecaps of both princes.
The princes did not shout, scream, comment, or speak without alerting a gator to a hanging body and continued to hold onto the stationary crystal gate, waiting on the assistance of the speed boat.
In the short distance, a single speed boat appeared and casually steered down from the northern direction of the ocean water, slowly zig zagging over the baby blue tinted Delta water, spotting the pickup at the twin crystal gates. There was a pair of two females hanging onto the outside of one of the crystal gates outside the Pamburg Kingdom which was highly usually.
The River Rats captain steered the boat closer toward the crystal gate with a smile and cut the engine. The boat slowed bobbed up and down in the water and slowly drafted toward the two girls on the side of the crystal gate. The captain grinned with a laugh and a yell into the ass of the two princes, since the exposed amber tinted faces of the two natives were buried into the cross bars, “Hey, girls!” Cumberrun and Strawn swung around as the wind blew off the neck scarf. The River Rats captain gasped. “Are both of you…?”
Cumberrun slapped a chest with a grunt. “I’m his sister. Our mother was one ugly bitch.”
The River Rats captain laughed with a nod. “Do you, two sisters need a ride to somewhere? Or are you, two big females just hanging around for the hell of it?”
Cumberrun turned a distorted face with a growl and a tongue of mouth spit to see the smile on the boat captain, “Shut…”
“Shore, young sir!” Strawn turned with a smile between the silk scarves over the skull with a girly alto timber to see the captain of the boat. “Yes, we are so desperate for a boat sea ride.”
Cumberrun slapped the chest with a nod to the captain, “I am called Cumberlynn.”
“…with an Adam’s apple,” the captain laughed with the crew. “Where are you, two ugly girls going?”
Cumberrun snarled. “To the Kingdom of the Wine…”
“The wind,” Strawn turned with a smile between the silk scarves over the skull with a girly alto timber to see the captain of the boat. “Where they serve a glass of wine, it is blue colored and yummy good. Yes, good captain, we are so desperate for a boat sea ride to the Kingdom of the Wind. The king called you for us. The queen needs her ointment like right now.”
The boat steered ahead and stopped a few feet from Strawn, bobbing side to side, slamming into the crystal gate. The River Rats spun around with a laugh to see the nose profile of Strawn. “Jump into the rear bench seat, girls! I don’t want my sea mates overexcited about my two new girly passengers. I can’t control their manly hormones.”
Strawn slowly crawled over the ledge of the gate and moved closer to the tail end of the speed boat, releasing the cross bars, leaping into the air, and landed on top of the rear seat, tumbling down, and hit the floor with a loud thump. The River Rats captain and his sea mates laughed with amusement and without assistance.
Strawn softly cursed and gathered all the loose fabric over the wet floor, sitting upright on both kneecaps, standing upright with a fake smile to the crew and spun around, extending both arms to his brother.
Cumberrun slowly crawled over the ledge of the gate and moved closer to the tail end of the speed boat, releasing the cross bars, jumping into the air, and landed on top of Strawn. They both dropped down and fell backwards, landing on top of the wet floor. The River Rat captain and his sea mates roared with laughter again without any assistance.
“Get off of me!” Strawn whispered with a growl into the sweaty face of Cumberrun.
Cumberrun sat back on both kneecaps and scooted up and landed inside the wet rear seat of the speed boat, leaning down, and extended a hand to his brother with a sneer.
“Hold on, girls! Here we go in your first boat ride toward the Kingdom of the Wind!” The captain spun around with a laugh and pressed the lever. The boat roared with power and steered ahead over the smooth water.
Cumberrun dropped down and landed on top of Strawn as both princes plopped down over the wet floor again. Cumberrun said a loud grunt and a low whisper into the face of his brother. “Can I show off my shaft skills now?”
“Get off of me, sister dear!” Strawn yelled with fury.
Cumberrun sat back on both kneecaps and scooted up and sat down into the rear seat, extending an arm down to his brother, helping Starwn to stand upright from the wet floor.
Strawn scooted and sat beside Cumberrun with a fake smile, straightening up the dirty and wet girly silk clothing over the face and the arms with a low growl, wishing for a nasty comment from one of the sea mates. Then, he would show off his shaft skills first.


1st hour (early afternoon)

Kingdom of the Lakes
Home of Countess Zorachina and Count Quinastine
   First royal prince Ferron, second royal prince Gunnison 
      and dead third royal princess Triddie


Neon green tinted fresh water river and blue skyline location
Royal river barge setting


Within the Kingdom of the Lakes, the source of life and home is the green tinted fresh water river. The River is a natural flowing watercourse that flows toward the ocean waters, draining down the southern end of the single continent.
The green tinted of the River water comes from the abundant green algae within the river floor and the ground rock of turquoise hue that make up the bedrock of the river banks which makes the surface of the water appear greenish-blue color. When the sunlight hits the water, the particles scatter the light in all directions, creating the lovely neon green hue of the River. The River does not possess a name, only a purpose.
The water is cold and sometimes creates pockets of green colored mist above the river that hide the infamous aquatic sea monster, the gator. The gator would follow the mist down the placid river water and patiently wait for the prey to attack the cloud of green for fun. Then it will attack for food.
The powerful force of the water cuts through a thicket of neon green tinted jungle of tall trees, short shrubs, aquatic plants and then splits, creating a set of two opposite banks which forms the River. On each shoreline of the opposite river banks of thick forest trees, there forms a natural habitation which is the home for many aquatic plants, waterfowl, migrating birds, and numerous tiny mammals. No individual native lives within the thicket of trees. Each native of the Kingdom of the Lakes resides inside a river barge for work, food, shelter, and protection from the weather elements.
The river is part of the hydrological cycle with little to no thunderstorms of rainfall, where the water is collected down from a series of rain droplet precipitation from the wind-swept snow packs which fly down off high mountain ranges within the Kingdom of the Snow and the set of fourteen mini-waterfalls that flows down from the great fresh water lake within the mountain castle of the Pamburg Kingdom. Each two hundred foot mini-waterfall falls down and splashes over the flat soil, feeding the yellow tinted swamps. Then the fresh water slowly trickles down into a series of underground water springs, where the water freezes in natural ice within the Kingdom of the Snow.
The ice chunks slowly move upward and then displace the snow packs, shooting sprays of solid ice icicles that feed the numerous frozen lakes and ponds and provide fresh water to the snow creatures, animals, plants, and people.
During the welcoming slightly warmer temperatures, the frozen ice packs thaw out and then releases the stored frigid water puddles that overflow the streams and then drain down into the main channel of River at the beginning edge of the Kingdom of the lakes. Thus, the River begins life for the housing numerous sea animals and the barges of natives.
The river banks are low and covered in a continuous thick blanket of trees, plants, shrubs, and flowers which glitter in various hues of green from dark emerald to mint green colors as well hiding each flush entrance point down into each underground mineral pit within the Kingdom of the Fire. The speed of the river flow continuously dislodges all the low-lying trees and then submerges them over the rocky shoreline, creating the ecosystem that deposits organisms and vegetation food particles down from the decomposed plants and trees for all land and aquatic wildlife. The decaying leaves from the surrounding forests produce larvae which create algae that become the food sources of the organisms and create the pretty green tint of the River.
The River has been used for navigation, since the beginning of time. The earliest evidence of navigation was found inside a set of abandoned wooden ships which were docked near the source of the River, where the royal family resides during the evening.
The River has been a source of food, since the beginning of time. Currently, a fleet of ancient and repaired river barges are used to transport goods like boxes of metal components from the Kingdom of the Fire, containers of frozen meats from the Kingdom of the Snow, and tubs of fresh fish, seafood, and other edible aquatic life forms for food to the natives of the Confederation.
Within the Kingdom of the Fire, there is a series of long and narrow subterranean rivers that trickle and flow out from the main channel of River and down into a set of tiny streams within each underground pit, providing individual pockets of tiny brooks with fresh water that is used for drinking, bathing, and cooling down the wall of rock minerals. Thus, each rock mineral inside each pit becomes cold metal, not heated metal with the touch of a human hand.
Since the beginning of the time, the River has never been dry or eroded or flooded or polluted. The River is smooth and placid water without spots of rough water rapids.
The River meandering water course starts at the base of the mountain range on the edge of the Kingdom of the Snow, bubbling up from the fresh spring water which comes out from the hidden caverns flowing down a straight pathway of water. The source of the River contains low temperatures and slow moving water waves that head toward a bend within the pathway of water.
Then the natural flow of the River moves side to side through the bend and into the upstream portion deep and wide single lane of water with a set of colder temperatures, high oxygen levels, and fast, turbulent, swift currents. Then the natural flow of the River moves downstream stretching around a C-shaped curve with a set of warmer temperatures, lower oxygen levels, slow flow, and sandier bottom floor. Finally, the natural flow of shallow streams and sandy soil of the River will dump down into the ocean salt water, where the River ends its journey.
A line of slow moving river barges was decorated in a beast or an animal frontal face façade and sounded with a set of putt-putts, steering over the fresh water river, slowly moving down the blue colored Delta waters toward each kingdom within the Confederation. On every different colored and textured shoreline, numerous semi-crooked rows of natives stood upright with tears of sadness and waited to dash onto a provided barge for the funeral of third royal Triddie of the Kingdom of the Lakes. Triddie was found dead in her social tower inside the bathtub from a bubble bath accidentally drowning, where the set of early morning servants entered her personal bedroom, stomping over a floor of cold water and green tinted bubbles.
This morning, on the second floor of the sleeping chamber, each servant had marched up the staircase and viewed a neat set of bedcovers, where she hadn’t slept. A table held numerous trays of uneaten food, where tons of bloated nasty houseflies had enjoyed the fresh food items. The bathroom tile was flooded with cold water and green tinted bubbles, where the blue body of Triddie was underneath the green tinted bubbles, making the water the color of black. Her personal guard unit called her parents. Her parents contacted her brothers. Her brothers dragged the dead body out from the cold water onto the floor.
Now, an assortment of numerous natives stood upright or sat down on top of a cold and naked steel floor of each river barge, watching the start of the funeral ceremony.
Inside the first royal barge, in front of the ugly face of a mythical dragon head of purple, red, and green, each elder royal pair lounged inside a two-seater elevated throne chair, wearing a particular decorative golden face patch for a single one-way communication that heard from the host of the funeral ceremony while staring at the body podium. The body podium was an elevated metal flat sheet surface on top of a thick metal stick. The flat surface contained a single object in the color of green fabric, where the shape was a vague outline of mummy-like human body with a head shape, a slender body shape without the impression of two arms or two legs or two feet or two hands.
Inside the second royal barge on the other side of the first royal barge, each first teen royal lounged inside a series of single or two or three-seater elevated throne sofas in front of the animal face of an eagle that was hid behind the steering wheel house for fun. The gigantic head of the eagle was colored in dark green painted with an array of horizontal streaks of yellow hues over the face with a pair of gigantic golden tinted eyeballs and a long and sharp red colored beak. Each teen wore a golden face patch to listen to the upcoming one-sided funeral death ceremony of Triddie.
Modoc sat in the middle of a three-seater elevated throne chair in front of the red colored metal beak of the eagle head with Ovilla on one side and Nixie on the other side of a body.
Nixie reached out and touched the naked arm of Modoc with a sour frown and as, the golden tiara face patch glittered in pretty hues without a sound since the funeral ceremony had not started. The wiggling cheekbone face patch of peach twinkled with her vocal words into the matching cheekbone face patch of Modoc. “I can’t believe that I got up for this mess.”
Ovilla reached out and tapped on the other naked arm of Modoc with a smile and as the golden tinted tiara face patch glittered in pretty hues without sound on a pale face. Her lavender tinted cheekbone face patch twinkled with her vocal words into the matching cheekbone face patch on Modoc only. “I can’t believe that I wore my best dress for this mess.”
Vantrey sat inside an elevated two-seater throne sofa in front of one golden painted eyeball of the eagle head with his girl Pio and wore a golden jaw line patch to hear the upcoming funeral death ceremony, a dark green colored chin patch to talk with his buddy Modoc, and an orange colored nose patch to whisper to Pio in private. The orange colored nose patch was shut down at the moment from her vocal words. He smiled with a whisper and as the dark green chin patch twinkled in pretty hues with his whisper of words to Modoc. “I can’t believe that your ass is stuck between Ovilla and Nixie, bro,” laughing.
Modoc continued to sit in-between Ovilla and Nixie with a fake smile, wearing a golden face patch of two devil horns on a wide forehead for the individual speaker of the upcoming funeral ceremony of dead Triddie, a dark green colored chin patch to whisper to his buddy Vantrey, and a matching peach colored cheekbone face patch to hear Ovilla and a lavender colored right cheekbone face patch to hear Ovilla. However, he had slapped off the sound or the words coming from the peach and the lavender cheekbone face patch, so he couldn’t hear the annoying whines of Ovilla and Nixie. He stared at the body podium of the wrapped green colored thing on top of the first river barge with a smile, hearing the words of Vantrey and as, the chin patch twinkled in green colors. “I can’t believe my ass is stuck between Ovilla and Nixie as well.”
Kamela sat inside a two-seater throne sofa in front of the other blue colored eyeball of the eagle head and right beside Pelf on the same wooden seat and wore a golden tiara-face patch to hear the upcoming funeral death ceremony. The light blue dangling earring twinkled in hues as she talked with her two brothers with a sissy whine. “I can’t believe that we all have to go to the royal class after this mess.”
Pelf stared at the body podium, wiping off the rolling tears, whispering into one of the mint green colored pair of dangling earrings. Her sister Nixie wore the same pair of mint green dangling earring face patch but she had slapped off the communication devise without hearing the whines of her annoying older sister Pelf. Pelf exhaled with a soft puff. “I can’t believe that Triddie is dead.”
Inside the third royal barge, which was behind and in-between the empty space of the first and the second royal barges, in front of a black and yellow tiger decorated animal face with a set of red tinted fangs, there was a single throne chair for the second royal. Exmore sat alone in front of the left red colored fang without a face patch, staring down at the body podium with the green colored thing in silence without tears or sorrow.
Inside a fourth barge which was slightly to the side of the first royal barge, in front of a pink colored head of a unicorn with an extended mint green colored horn and a pair of light blue eyeballs, a team of dancers from the Kingdom of the Wind performed a set of slow movements with a set of slow motion body parts to a slow moving song which honored the dead royal. The team leader was the third royal Sedottie, who was the sister of Ovilla and Exmore. She slid to each side with a smile and twirled with both arms in the air, completing the circle on cue with the music.
Inside a fifth barge which stood on the other side of the first royal barge that was decorated with a head of a red and brown snake with a pair of orange eyeballs and an open mouth of yellow long fangs, a team of pit metalists twirled an individual shaft in front of a body with a stern face. Each shaft glowed with an individual color that pinged from the color chart honoring the fallen teen royal. The twirling team was led by second royal princess Mio and her sister third royal princess Nio.
Over the blue skyline, a set of flying airships plus the long wagons from the Kingdom of the Land flew overhead and streamed out an array of colorful plumes of lava sprays that painted the sky with a set of pretty horizontal lines, honoring the fallen royal.
Over the air space of the Kingdom of the Lakes, a series of pretty white tinted rounded snow balls launched out from the Kingdom of the Snow, the snow of each ball quickly melted in the warm air and dropped down a tiny sprinkle of cool water droplets onto the nose bridge or the hair roots of each native and royal.
No one clapped or smiled or spoke about the entertainment show.
The set of royals from the Kingdom of the Sand did not contribute a dance move, a shaft twirl, or a snow ball but lazily lounged inside a two-seater elevated throne chair, whispering with a grin into the purple colored jaw line face patch with hot gossip and watched the funeral ceremony.
In front of the extended sideways position of the left sided purple colored ear of the decorated dragon head in front of the steering wheel house on top of the first royal river barge, Imperatoress Haildrameme smiled at the Wind dancers on top of the pink unicorn head covered river barge. “I can’t believe that girl was so stupid to die inside the bathtub. This does not look good with you as the ruler of the confederation.”
“Me!” Kung sat next to his wife with a sour frown, saying into the purple colored nose patch in fury. “You are the co-ruler of the Confederation. Can’t you girls take a shower like a man? Less water, less mess, more fun…”
She laughed into the purple colored matching nose face patch and turned, watching the top of the fifth barge with the decorated snake head in red and brown. The team of pit metalists twirled an individual shaft in front of a body with a stern face. Each shaft glowed with an individual color that pinged from the color chart, honoring the fallen teen royal. The twirling team was led by second royal princess Mio and her sister third royal princess Nio. She exhaled, “Really? Are you really a man, Kung?”
He huffed at the metalist show also, “Really! I am a man.”
She puffed. Well, I hope that you are man enough, because the rest of the royals are talking about you.”
He gasped, “You sing in an array of nonsense musical words. You should have married the Marquise of the Wind instead. Why would the other royals be gossiping about me, wicked witch of the sands?”
She laughed. “They are not hot lip gossiping. They are dangerously plotting, idiot.”
“What are the other royals plotting, wicked witch of the sands?”
“They are deadly dealing with the demise and the destruction of the Confederation.”
He gasped with alarm. “Who tattled that information into your face patch?”
“Our set of spying spies that where all the face patches, idiot.”
He nodded. “This is problem.”
She exhaled. “This is war.”


***


In front of the left sided slanted orange colored eyeball of the decorated dragon head, the two-seater throne chair held Duke Allakon and Duchess Torgeezus from the Kingdom of the Land.
Duchess Torgeezus wore a smile and a yellow colored ankle-length gown underneath a long brown and black wolf fur coat that came from a pack of dead wild animals that roamed and killed some of the nice cattle which was used for meat to eat, wearing a golden colored cheekbone face patch to hear the funeral ceremony and a red colored cheekbone face patch to whisper to her husband Duke. “I enjoy watching the dancers from the Wind. They are all tall and elegant. I wonder if princess Nixie will be so refined and elegant when she takes over my duties as duchess of the Land.”
He wore a set of rounded dots of snot coming down the left nose hole in golden to hear the funeral ceremony and exhaled with a huff of annoyance. “That bitch, I have heard numerous ugly and nasty rumors about Princess Nixie.” Duke Allakon frowned as the red tinted cheekbone patch twinkled.  “Jarl is going to have both hands dirt with her lies and her defiance. If the tradition had not been so established and engrained, I would suggest that Pelf marry our second royal prince Jarl. Then Nixie could marry Modoc while living inside the social tower. I really don’t like that girl.”
“There! There! We are going to retire from the royal scene. This is our right. Our children take over the crops fields and the lands.” She laughed. “We all had a good fucking time during the three years at the Royal Academy. I had fun fucking and funning with you.”
He turned and stared with a smile at the row of synchronized dancers of the Wind on top of the river barge also. “And I had a good fucking fun time only with you, my wife. I tried to teach our first royal son Modoc to restraint and only fuck his future bride. However, I have heard some nasty rumors that Modoc spends all his nights fucking with Ovilla or Nixie or Sedottie or…”
She smiled. “He is young and frisky like his father. It is a fun fucking time for the teens. Let them have their fun today. It is all about to end next week. Each royal will marry and then the hard work really begins. I so look forward to retiring as the duchess of the Land. The life on a farm is too long and too harsh. If only the natives didn’t like to eat,” giggling.
He exhaled. “Yes, I concur,” the cheekbone patch turned back into the natural skin tone of red tint that represented the natural coloring of Modoc and all the natives that reside within the Kingdom of Land. The prince displayed a tall and muscular body frame with a head of neatly cropped light brown hair with a set of bangs over both eyebrows. His face was unshaven with a light dusting of light brown hairs around the jaw line, the lips, and both nose holes that greatly annoyed his wife Duchess Torgeezus. His eyeballs were colored in hazel with tiny specks of gold that flared with angry. Allakon was the Duke for the Kingdom of the Land.
The Kingdom of the Land included miles and miles of bright red and fertile dirt that grew rows and rows of fresh food stuffs for the single continent, a big responsibility for Duke Allakon. The single continent housed numerous kingdoms and thousands of villages of people.
She reached over and patted his arm with a worried brow, staring at the barge with the twirlers of the shafts from the Kingdom of the Fire. “What is troubling you, Allakon? You seemed occupied with a set of heavy thoughts within your active neurons. It is a sad time in the Confederation with the death of a young teen royal. I am still shocked and stunned too.”
He sneered. “I don’t give a damn about the dead teen. She was a stupid creature to stay and play inside an oversized bathtub while full of food and drink. It is told that you should wait thirty minutes before swimming. She did not. I am concerned about the bottles of babies.”
She smiled. “The bottles of babies, the information is secret. The evidence is secretly stored only Kung sees the product.”
“Is it really a product or a measurement or a ruler?”
She gasped. “What does that mean? I don’t understand your question.”
“I was told that the bottles of babies exist only to humor and appeal all the other royal adults and their teen whores. For centuries now, the Kingdom of the Sand child has always married the Kingdom of the Land first born child.”
“Yes, that is correct and it will always be the circumstance.”
He nodded. “I don’t know. I worry about our first born prince Modoc. Wonder if all these hundreds of bottles of hundreds of babies are not destroyed?”
She laughed. “I see your confusion, Allakon. Each removed fetus from a teen whore does not survive. It is impossible. The extraction progress that the Pamburg scientists use is crude and ancient. It rips the poor fetus out from the tender vagina of the teen whore. Then, the fetus is torn apart in bone and flesh. It is quite simple and barbaric for the teen whore and the unborn fetus as they say.”
“I am still concerned.”
“Why would you be?”
He nodded. “I would like to eyewitness the destruction in the science room within the Pamburg Kingdom and see all the dead fetuses with my own pair of eyeballs. If one bottle of a fetus that came from Modoc were to surface here on the Land or in the Sand, then that child would be the first born child of Modoc and be the next imperator.”
“I don’t understand. That cannot happen. The child from Pelf and Modoc would be the next imperator which has existed for centuries,” she patted his arm with a smile. “You work too hard with mental thoughts.”
“Why is Nixie so short with a crooked nose? Her sister is tall with a crooked nose. Her mom and her dad are tall.”
“Her mom has that crooked nose which both girls display also. Both girls possess the head of white hair and the pair of violet eyeballs like their parents and a crooked nose like their mom. DNA is a funny thing. I would guess that her short height comes from her aunt. The young sister of Haildrameme was short like Nixie. As a matter of fact, Nixie looks very similar to her dead aunt. That is another tragic.”
He sneered. “That is another mystery. The young sister of Haildrameme married Vetepurr instead of my brother from the Land. That was another tradition that broke for some reason. I thought that was some crazy ass deal.”
“Vetepurr selected her after he won second place within the Public Presentation show eighteen years ago. He twirled a mean colorful shaft back then. Would you not agree?”
“Where did Pelf get that dimple?”
“Why are looking at a young teen?”
“I am looking out for our young teen first royal son Modoc. Pelf has a dimple on the left side of her face. You can see it when she smiles. Where did the dimple come from?”
She frowned. “A set of dimples is a childhood trait. The skin indentations go away in adulthood. Pelf is only eighteen years old. She is still a child within our eyeballs. Why are so detailed oriented with the royal princess today?”
He frowned. “I have always been detail oriented for years.”
She smiled. “I am glad that you care about the welfare of our first born son Modoc. The public presentation will be held next week for all the populous of the people to hear and see. The teens have selected a play Nab, the Numb. I always enjoyed that play.”
“Yes, it is a silly teenly play. The populous of the people will enjoy the teenly play. Then the populous of the people will select on an arm patch their favorite actor or actress in ascending order. Of course, Pelf will win like her mother Haildrameme did eighteen years old. And then Modoc will come in second like my brother Kung did.”
“Yes, our first prince son will be new Imperator of the Confederation. I am so proud. However, you do sound a little jealous of your brother.”
“Why does my brother Kung have a set of white hair and violet eyeballs like his wife Haildrameme?”
She patted his arm with a smile. “There you go again! It is DNA. Your royal ancestors have fucked, mated, and married for centuries with the Kingdom of the Sand. I would suspect that your great-great grandmother came from the Kingdom of the Sand, thus Kung and his white hair.”
He exhaled. “I guess so.”
She patted his arm with a smile and stared at the rows of marching guards from the Kingdom of the Sun. “So, everything will be fine, again. Next week, Pelf will be Imperatoress. Modoc will be the new Imperator. The populous of the people will be pleased. The royals will be pissed. But, life will go on and on another eighteen years.”
“Yes, you are correct, my wife. When do all the bottles of fetuses get destroyed?”
“They will be…” she gasped. “Modoc will visit the Pamburg Kingdom on his second day of reign as the new ruler of the Confederation. In there during the first visit into the Pamburg Kingdom, he orders the destruction of the all bottles of the dead fetuses.”
“Who tattled that information into your face patch?”
“Haildrameme.”
“Well, I don’t believe or trust Haildrameme. But Kung did visit the Pamburg Kingdom after the Public Presentation eighteen years ago. So, I guess it is true.”
She nodded with a smile and stared at the river barge with the twirlers. “See? You don’t have to worry anymore. The Confederation will thrive and continue with our son as the new Imperator and his new wife Imperatoress Pelf. She is really nice girl.”
“Then, we are stuck with that bitch named Nixie.”
“Then, we will retire from the lands and enjoy our long life together, my husband.” Torgeezus rolled the eyeballs into the skyline with frustration to see the plumes of colored tiny lava particles that painted the blue with beauty. She had lied to her wedded husband for a purpose. The bottles of babies were alive and growing strong inside the secret location of the science building within the Pamburg Kingdom. She knew as she had been there several times as an eighteen-year-old whore royal princess too.
At the end of nine months, a set of individual babies would be delivered within the populous of the people who would raise them as their own children. During the centuries for some reason, some of the populous of the people could not birth a baby. So, the numerous bottles of the babies will pop out and become a new native of one of the kingdom while maintaining and increasing the population of the people within the Confederation for the older and young set of royals.
Torgeezus didn’t give a shit if she had birthed one or none or numerous babies within a single bottle. The ritual was fun for her and functional for the Confederation. All the babies had been received into a nice home with a nice family. All the teen royals had tons of fucking fun. All the people were appealed and continued to work, serving the royals.
Her royal obligation was to born royal babies that grew up to rule the Kingdom of the Sand and the Kingdom of the Land like usual. Thus, the Confederation was at peace, again.
“As you think and said to me, my wife.” Allakon turned with a sigh and stared at each throne chair of older royals. Each royal whispered into a particular colored face patch with a plotting secret. Allakon didn’t have a secret to tattle, only miles and miles of red dirt that fed the entire Confederation of people. He was tired and ready to retire while allowing his second and third royal sons to take over all the crops of food. However, he didn’t trust and didn’t want second royal princess cunt Nixie as his future daughter in law.
He desired the older sister Pelf. However, Pelf was destined to replace her mother Haildrameme as Imperatoress of the Confederation like it had been done for centuries. Until, he could find a substitute for the teen Pelf which might be possible.
Each royal teen female was a whore and fucked a royal prince every night since turning eighteen years old. The royal ritual existed for teen fucking fun and finding a fucking mate who could tolerate your personality as an arrogant royal pain in the ass teen for centuries.
Now, it had been almost nine months from the first fuck night that each teen had attacked each other. Allakon remembered very well, since he had been seventeen years old and lived inside the social tower, fucking a royal princess very night, too.
All the newly developed fetuses were extracted inside the science building within the Pamburg Kingdom which was a closely guarded secret form a royal prince, only the royal princess ventured into the vast and secret kingdom. However, he didn’t believe his wife. She had been a whore teen too. But he had fallen in love with her and called out her name during the Time of Recognition.
His wife Torgeezus had hidden the truth from him. However, maybe, she didn’t want to talk about the extraction process which was personally humiliating. Actually, all her babies in the bottle had died or had been given to another childless couple to rear as their own child. Maybe, she felt guilty or sad about the missed children.
Allakon was a male without a heart and a set of emotions. He didn’t give a shit about a son or a daughter fetus that might had been survived during one of their numerous fucking session when they were both seventeen years old.
His life was the land, not some unknown children. His worry was the land and the right child.
His son Modoc, the first royal prince was an idiot, a careless administrator, and a lousy airship pilot. It was convenience that his best friend Vantrey could fly an airship. However, Allakon knew his mother Princeletess Glay who was not an idiot.
Glay had redistributed all her male and female young and bright guards around the kingdoms of the Confederation, removing them from the hot and heated desert for survival and ambition. Each native was a giant body compared to the average male that could withstand heat and cold elements as well as fight with a shaft. Glay desired a better place, a bigger spot, and a bath of cool water every night, instead of an extra-large pup tent made of dried up beetle shells within the Kingdom of the Sun. Thus, the twinkling face patches with an array of secret whispers of gossip about a mutiny, a coup, a rebellion, or a takeover of the Confederation from Kung.
Allakon did not desire to be part of any type of rebellion or serve as ruler of the Confederation He was a farmer at heart and at mind. He only wanted to provide food to the populous of the people. However, the Kingdom of the Land was overcrowded with livestock animals, field crops, and exhausted workers to tend the same plot of soil. Allakon had shouted and whispered the delicate situation into the face patch of Kung. Kung had ignored the words and the situation like the imperator before him and would not or could not align the resources of the Confederation with the vast resources of the Pamburg Kingdom.
The Confederation was running out of fertile lands for food and resources. Kung knew but didn’t bother to rally the royals for a peaceful protect or a dinner drink with the Pamburg king.
Allakon was a peaceful person. However, his family and livelihood was slowly crashing down over a burnt field of stinky food. As more food was needed for the populous of the people, more dangers occurred, such like, burnt crops, destroyed equipment, and dead animals. A farmer couldn’t replace a dead cow in one day. 
Pelf was the key of success for the Confederation. She was a virgin royal teen. Her mom didn’t let any other prince touch her daughter, since her evil mother Haildrameme had the same single wicked thought process of Allakon. The only virgin royal and one of the many available Pamburg princes would wed in a hand of marriage and a community of sharing. Then the two great nations would combine resources with peace.
The spoiled and pampered royal princesses and princes of the Pamburg Kingdom were birthed and reared at the same time as the Confederation royals which was convenience and odd. However, only one prince was chosen as king and one princess was chosen as queen. Thus, there was some type of competitive process to select the royal pairing like the public presentation within the Confederation.
Allakon had found out that piece of hot juicy gossip one day during a food rush to the Kingdom of the Sand. As usual, Modoc had crash landed one of older airships again. So, Allakon had to make the airship run with a new wagon of food, landing over the sands and walked into the hallway of the social tower. He needed to tell all the workers to come and unload the food shipment before spoilage and stopped, standing at the edge of the open archway that led into the kitchen space. He could smell the good food cooking and baking while his mouth watered for the baked goodies.  The workers were kind to offer sweet treats after a food shipment too. Then his eardrums heard the whines of each worker.
Pelf had to receive the best pieces of meats, fruits, and vegetables for her royal plate. Pelf had to receive the finest fabric for her royal dress. Pelf had to receive best servants for her royal treatment. Pelf was going to be offered to the hand of one of the royal princes of Pamburg Kingdom right before the pubic presentation was announced. Allakon was angry at first and then completely understood. Kung had been listening to the complaints of the people, not the whining royals. Thus, So, Pelf was not touched by any one of the teen royal males.
Allakon was at first pleased and then later annoyed. His son Modoc would marry the bitch Nixie and still become the new imperator. However, Pelf had become an obsession with Allakon after that secret fact finding discovery. The rumor was true in which Kung was a gay male who didn’t fuck his wife Haildrameme. Kung had not engaged in female sex as a seventeen-year-old male either. Thus, Haildrameme had fucked an array of numerous princes for her enjoyment at the age of seventeen years old while knowing that she was going to be the next Imperatoress of the Confederation.
Allakon had fucked the bitch on numerous nights at the age of sixteen years old, too. Thus, Pelf could be his true biological daughter by Haildrameme. That thought excited both his neurons and his dick, if he could prove it. Then, Allakon could benefit by living within the vast and rich Pamburg Kingdom with his real daughter. He would bring his wife Torgeezus will him. He truly loved her but he truly wanted to know if Pelf was his daughter too.
So, he had plotted a secret plan to find out the true father of Pelf and the real heir to the Confederation. His other plot was to pair Modoc with Nixie.
Modoc fucked Nixie on numerous occasions based on the face patch gossip. Thus, nixie should have at least one or more babies in a bottle which was located inside the Pamburg Kingdom. If Allakon could prove the existence of one baby that had been birthed by Nixie and fathered by Modoc, then Nixie and Modoc would marry instead. The Confederation would continue to thrive and exist.
His newly discovered real daughter Princess Pelf would become the new queen of the Pamburg Kingdom and share all the resources of the vast Pamburg Kingdom.
His idea had merit, not momentum.
The second key was getting access into the secret science building within the Pamburg Kingdom. Allakon had been pondering that problem without a solution. He exhaled with a sigh, focusing the heavy thoughts on a new solution and stared at the body podium with the green colored dead thing on top that actually stunk with vile odor into his nose holes.


***


In front of the purple colored flat nose of the dragon head, an elevated two-seater throne chair held one individual near the arm rest. Baron Vetepurr wore a pair of golden tinted devil horns on front of his forehead which was silence and stood a little taller than his first born royal princess daughter Pio with a tone of glowing white tinted skin from living years underneath a metal pit. Sunlight did not penetrate the landmass. He wore a dark blue cloak like his daughter without a shirt that protected some of the naked skin from the flaring sparks of the hot metal. The underground pits were very steamy and very heated. A body couldn’t dress in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death.
Thus, each male metalist wore a naked chest which allowed the heat to sweat off a heated face and body. A pair of loose trousers caught the set of flying metal sparks and burnt the loose fabric, not the tender flesh of the male. A pair of short heavy walking boots protected the feet that allowed the metalist to continue to work or not to eat. Each male wore a set of long hair on the sides of the face and down the back spine. If a piece of flying metal hit the hair strand, then burned off the group of hair strands, not the delicate face tissue. Thus, the hairy skull was marred in a series of pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the comb contained a blade. 
Each female wore a single band around the breasts for decency mostly. Some of the older female metalist went naked on the chest like the young males, since the chest and the breasts were deeply scarred beyond eyeball recognition, thus the long life of a metalist.
If the metalist lived that long inside the underground pit without dying from metal poisoning or metal scar burns or metal shrapnel penetration.
Each female wore a set of loose trousers to catch the flying metal debris and save the legs which hang over pair of heavy walking boots for the care of the foot. Each female wore a set of long hair over the face and down the back spine which was additional protection for the human body from the tiny sparks of flying heated metals. However, each bone skull was burn-marred like each male with a series of vertical and horizontal pink tinted burnt skin that naturally parted the hair which covered the entire scalp.
If a metalist lost one foot or both feet due to the metal burns, the metalist was killed on sight. The metalist was put down to rest inside the after-light. The underground pits required working on a good pair of legs with a good set of feet. A limp metalist could not tote and carry a tube of heavy metal components or assist with a single vat of heavy metal liquid.
Baron Vetepurr was the owner of the all the underground pits as a royal. However, his knowledge and skills required his full attention with safety details for continuance of the metal component production which provided an assortment of metal parts for every mechanic item within the Confederation. He exposed a naked chest that was covered in a series of small to very large rusty colored scars from years of working inside the pits while sitting inside the wide throne chair, staring at the rows of twirling metalists.
Each row swirled the long shaft in a precise twirl around the body and into the air as each steel rod glowed in a different color in the air waves. Each row only contained a set of females. The males were too sick to twirl a shaft or were working inside one of the underground pits while slowly dying from the radiation poison in which the body of a man could not tolerate for some reason. All the males would be dead in a few days.
Kung was stupid, not recognizing the grunts and the grumbles of the other royals. The Confederation kingdoms needed more land and more food items to survive the upcoming harsh wintertime weather. He was destined to retire as the old Imperator of the Confederation but his daughter would not be the ruler next week.
Vetepurr had carefully and cautiously plotted and planned his revenge on Kung as he had told his first born princess. Words are meaningless. Action are worthy, good or bad.
Pio would not win the famous Public Presentation from the hearts of the populous of the people but she was leading the royal competition with the highest number of bottles of babies, where the bottles were safely secured inside the science building within the Pamburg Kingdom.
Vetepurr had never been within the mysterious kingdom that hid between a set of two crystal glittering rock made gates but Pio had visited during the nighttime on numerous occasions.
Once the announcement of the winner of the Public Presentation which would be Princess Pelf within a rigged royal system by Kung next week, Vetepurr would order the attack of each social tower with the rows and rows of devoted metalists. Each metalist would invaded a social tower and kill the royal family, including Kung, his wife Imperatoress, and his two daughters Pelf and Nixie. Then, his first royal princess Pio would be the new young and bold Imperatoress of the Confederation. Vetepurr would be her adviser to assist with ruling all the kingdoms of the Confederation. Vantrey would humbly rule beside his new wife.
Vetepurr continued to stare with a smile and a chuckle at the fifth barge of twirling metalists that was decorated with a head of a red and brown snake with a pair of orange eyeballs and an open mouth of yellow long fangs.


***


In front of the extended sideways position of the right sided purple colored ear of the dragon head on top of the first royal river barge, Queen Ylangling from the Kingdom of the Snow smiled at the dancers on top of the fourth barge, and as the pair of golden tinted earrings dangled from the earlobes in silence for the upcoming death funeral ceremony. A right sided arched brow face patch twinkled in red colors into the matching arched brow of her husband King Amoywane. “I am pleased with the good news from the lips of our daughter Kamela last night at the dinner table. She is the leader of the fetuses. When our daughter Kamela marries the son of the Land, we will exile Kung and all his clan directly into an island within the ocean waters.”
“I don’t want them to be warm. I want them to be cold and misery. Kung and his whore wife and his two daughters shall live within the cold mountain range of the Kingdom of the Snow. I’m still thawing out from the visit to our royal lodge last week.”
“When she wins the battle of the bottles of babies, we will attack and kill both Pelf and Nixie. That would be our only chance to take over the leadership from Kung and keep and retain the leadership as the ruler of the Confederation, once all the heirs are dead. We will rule for the rest of the centuries. Our vast army of snow creatures and snow crew is ready on the whisper from my face patch.”
He smiled. “We should vote and remove Kung as the ruler tomorrow morning during one of the boring royal meetings. It is his fault. It is his bathtub. And it is his tower building.”
“I agree with your diplomatic tact. It would be less of my blood that is shed for peace.”
He continued to nod and smile at the fourth barge of dancers. “Then we could claim the fame and rule the Confederation.”
She smiled. “Now is not the time, my love. There is an entire river barge which is filled with rows of guards from the Sun. I understand better the permanent smug on the fucking face of Glay. She has a plot up her skirt which does not involve us, my beauty.” 
He nodded with a chuckle. “What is she planning without us, my love?”
“A rebellion!” She gasped. “When is the rebellion occurring without us?”
He exhaled. “I don’t know the time table. But I would guess it will be right before the final announcement results from the Public Presentation. That would be the perfect time to murder Kung and Haildrameme along with Pelf and Nixie inside the Assembly Hall. No one else is there but the family of the Kingdom of the Sand as they show up on the arm patch.”
“Yes, that is a perfect place for a murder in silence. Hmm, that is next week, too. Maybe, we should beat Glay to the punch. Excuse my pun!”
“Yes, my love, I think exactly like you, too. However, we must outfight with Glay without our resources. That is not easy against a giant male and female.”
She nodded.  “I concur. And I don’t trust Baron Vetepurr and the Kingdom of Fire natives either. Each one of those girls is creepy looking with a bald skull and a pair of painted silver colored forearms and completed covered hands and fingers. Each one wears a long cape that covers the bald skull but not her altered arms. Where are the rest of the males? I never see a male among the bald head females.”
“The males are all dead. They can’t take the heat,” he laughed. “It is the metal that stains all the arm limbs, hands, and fingers. It is the heat that rips out the hair follicles from a skull. The metal is cool, not heated. But the minerals quickly cling to the outer skin. I am grateful for the ugly looking metalists. Or my daughter would be doing that job.”
She chuckled. “Ah! I understand your fake alliance with Vetepurr.”
He smiled. “Yes, my fake alliance with Vetepurr is true. But it works both ways. Vetepurr is up to something nasty too. Look how precise each twirler handles that shaft. That technique requires skill and time to wand a thin piece of metal like that, if the metal happens to hit the tender forehead or another tender forearm. Do you understand the damaged a shaft does to a healthy body, my beauty? I don’t believe that the rows and rows of guards are as precise with the shaft like the rows and rows of twirlers.”
“The guard doesn’t need the shaft with a set of brute strength that could rip out your left leg socket with ease, my love.”
“Yes, you are identified both bold strengths within the Sun and the Fire Kingdoms. So, how do we murder Kung and all of his royal family members without getting murdered by Glay and Vetepurr, the two real evil doers of the Confederation?”
She laughed. “Do you know that the pretty tiny snow berries that come in the color of dull orange are very poisonous to the human body?”
He smiled. “I do believe so, my beauty.”
“It is said that one or two bites into the juicy berry will drain down the throat and then close up the esophagus. 
He smiled. “Do you know that the esophagus must remain open for one to breathe in oxygen for life?”
“I do believe so.”
“We invite Glay and Vetepurr over to our social tower for dinner to witness the Public Presentation and watch our children. Glay likes our snow meat. Vetepurr likes our snow cones.”
“I like your plot. After the Public Presentation, what do we do with the three dead bodies, my beauty?”
Do you know that the snow creatures of the Kingdom of the Snow love to devour the foreign meat, blood, and bones and tissues?”
“I do believe so,” he laughed with a nod.


***


In front of the right sided slanted orange colored eyeball of the decorated dragon head, the two-seater throne chair held Marquee Jennessee with a smile at the fourth barge of dancers, dancing her sandals side to side with the music. “Look at the leadership of Sedottie! She is doing very well leading the rows of dancers. Ovilla has the more natural dance form and elegance, of course, which comes from me, you know. But her sister is executing each dance move very well.”
Her husband Marquise Fallacious was a poet of love poems who enjoyed freedom as a royal and his wife as a royal ruler.  “I am pleased with Sedottie too.”
“I am more pleased with Ovilla. She has shown true bravery and ambition. She will be the next Imperatoress and will marry Modoc.”
“I want to believe but I feel somewhat…”
“Don’t start with your internal mushy emotions! Our first born princess wants more for her person. I encourage it.”
He exhaled. “Why do you encourage such an impossible title, Jennessee? We never discussed that our daughter would be the next Imperatoress, instead of the next marquee.”
“I am very concerned about the allotment of food items. We are dancers. Dancers require tables of food. Allakon likes to bitch and then negotiates and then shorts the final food wagons within our kingdom. It pisses me off. He has been doing that since he became duke…”
“That was eighteen years ago.”
“Yes, he has been doing that for last eighteen years.”
“You wanted to marry him, not me.”
“No.”
“You fucked him more nights than you fucked me. There were some nights that I was very lonely and alone.”
“You were always with your books.” She laughed. “I fucked him for fun. I fucked you for love. I married you.”
“You announced that you would marry me after the teen royal Public Presentation.”
“What is up with your mushy emotions today?”
“I am just feeling sad about Triddie.”
She frowned. “She is dead. You don’t have to feel sad. She is gone. She can’t come back. But our daughter is going to be the next Imperatoress of the Kingdom of the Sand and rule the confederation. Then we will get more food shipments.”
He gasped. “I can’t believe my eardrums. You are sacrificing your daughter for food.”
“Yes! Please, continue to act like a numb. The dancers need tables of food. The writers eat all the tables of food, since they sit on an ass and think of love poems all day and night.”
He frowned. “I feel insulted.”
She exhaled. “Yes, please continue to act like an ass. Ovilla loves Modoc. She figured that one out on her own with her mind and her heart. She has been in love with Modoc for years. This is the perfect situation. Ovilla will marry Modoc. Exmore will become a writer. He shares your mushy emotion that makes a great poet. Sedottie will lead the dancers. We will get more food shipments. Then, we will retire and have fun. The happy ending!”
He exhaled. “I write about happy endings. I don’t know if they really exist, Jennessee.”


***


In front of the flat purple colored nose of the dragon head, inside a single throne chair, the kingdom of the Fire Baron Vetepurr observed with a smile the rows of twirlers without a golden colored face patch. He wasn’t interested in hearing the funeral ceremony about a dead royal. His second and third royal daughters were leading the twirlers. Each shaft flared in a different color within the bright sunshine of the late morning.
Pio was going to marry the first royal prince Vantrey from the Kingdom of the Sun after the conclusion of the silly Public Presentation next week during a day of numerous royal weddings.
His other two daughters were going to marry the two other sons of the Sun. Then, Vetepurr and his metalists would charge and attack the Kingdom of the Sun, eliminating the rest of the natives that would threaten his new reign of the Confederation.
Then one by one, he would charge and raid each kingdom, killing all the guards with the team of talented deadly twirlers. The guards marched around like a set of toy soldiers from a toy box for a child.
He was not worried about the royal teen royal Vantrey, the first royal prince of Glay. Vetepurr had seen the fear within the eyeballs of Vantrey. The baron knew the game plan too well. The young royal was in love. Love made a male do anything. The young royal was afraid. Fear was an alley for the enemy or a future father in law.
His plan was working out perfectly.
A few hours, after the announcement of the Public Presentation and the winner performer as Princess Pelf, there will be a new announcement, the sudden death of Princess Pelf and her poor royal family members including Modoc.  Then, Imperatoress Pio and Imperator Vantrey will rule the confederation along with their children for the rest of eternity.


***


On the left side of the stationary metal platform that held a flat sheet with the green covered human body, Countess Zorachina from the Kingdom of the Lakes wore a golden tinted jaw line face patch for the upcoming death funeral of her daughter and an arched brow face patch in the color of sky blue that twinkled with her sobs and soft words to her husband. She cried into his chest with a sad face. “I should attack and cut off the head of Kung in defiance of the death of our dead royal daughter. This is his fault. That is his property. He was neglectful and should be punished for losing the young life of our royal princess.”
Count Quinastine from the Kingdom of the Lakes hugged his wife with a set of tears also. “I agree more and beyond. When do we perform that feat?”
She sobbed through the tears, wiping off a wet and sad face with a sneer. “Kung is being taken care of as we speak. He will not be any trouble to us. His wife Haildrameme is the real bitch of the royals. She will cause major trouble for us. So, we should work together to contain her once and forever,” she stared at the non-moving body of the green colored thing on top of the flat sheet and as her active mind clicked with the upcoming possibilities of a new leader within the Confederation. She enjoyed spending her time with Ylangling instead of snobby Haildrameme and chatty Duchess Torgeezus during the required visit within the Kingdom of the Sand. However, Ylangling was smarter than the current adult dull royals.
Zorachina would not be surprised if Ylangling would slip a sleeping potion down into the pre-offered cold beverage to her royal friend and then whisk the unconscious body upward to view the beautiful snow-capped peaks of the Kingdom of the Snow.
Of course, Zorachina would freeze from the cold weather and then thaw out in the mild springtime next to the unconscious body of Haildrameme, finding the new snow beasts very unfriendly during the social hour. Of course, Ylangling didn’t have the heart to kill an unarmed royal but the animals didn’t seem to care. However, Zorachina didn’t mind killing for the revenge of her dead royal daughter.
She sobbed with tears in fury of her dead daughter. “We must prepare for the secret and swift invasion. I am a simple fisher woman, not a warrior. We start this afternoon while our first born royal son Ferron is nicely entertaining the teens at the royal Academy. We start to prepare a set of numerous cases of burning lava f-bombs that can fly through a nose hole or an eyeball of each animal.”
He smiled. “The eyeball would look pretty and be a nice surprise.”
“Then we charge all of our river barges and attack the social tower of Kung. His tower is closest to the water for fun. Then we charge the sands with the f-bombs and then enter into the imperator tower with ease.”
“What about Pelf?”
She exhaled with a sigh of depression. “Ferron loves Pelf.”
“Then our plan is thorough and brilliant. We kill Kung and Haildrameme and Nixie inside the Dinner Hall. The Sand tower does not have soldiers but servants. Ferron will marry Pelf and rule the Confederation in exchange for losing our princess daughter princess. Then our children will rule for centuries to come in peace and prosperity.”
She sobbed with tears. “What about the Pamburg Kingdom?”
“We will negotiate a peaceful agreement and share all the resources with the arrogant princes and princesses of Pamburg. Then we all experience the happy ending.”


***


On the other side of the stationary metal platform and the royals from the Kingdom of the Lakes, Glay stood beside the body podium with the wrapped green thing on top of the metal sheet and faced the lush green colored woodlands that outlined the edge of the river with a sour frown and as, her orange colored column of snot dots twinkled underneath a right nostril. “We should attack right now and kill all the royals. All our guards are present. We are here. All the royals are present minus one, of course. Most of the natives are here too. We could kill everyone including the silly natives of the Wind and then start all over again.”
Glay was the leader and the princeletess of the Kingdom of the Sun. The land was dry and harsh and heated from the bright sun, without any rainfall. Each year, more babies died within the hot heat. Each year, more teens perished from the Time of the Maturity ritual. Each year, more guards moved and lived within the other kingdoms, abandoning their home land and their dreams.
Princeletess Glay was a wise woman and a strong leader. She had allowed her native subject to be housed, fed, and placed into every kingdom. Now, her royal subjects of guards numbered one to five for each native within the other kingdoms. Yes, she was a smart royal. She had been plotting and planning to overthrow the current leadership of Imperator Kung, since she was thirteen years old, living inside the sand castle during her academic studies at Royal Academy. She lived and enjoyed the lush and lavish cool sand castles, rich food, and numerous servants.
Kung was a pompous low royal prince, without a set of silver components. He ruled nothing but the tan and beige colored sands, the continuous bolts of lightning streaks, and a kingdom of non-thinking servants that waited on each young royal and every adult royal during a royal visit. His life was luxurious and plentiful. He received a daily food wagon, a monthly set of fresh guard units, and a weekly entertainment shows, all for free.
The rest of the kingdom royals were the puppets of Kung that fed, performed, and entertained his merriment and contentment. However, the other royals were not merry, happy, or content about the current situation, either. The other kingdoms produced and expensed for free all their products and maintained a set of large amounts of family units including children that had to work the lands for more merchandise which were given away for free under the old barter exchange system. 
The first royal Prince Vantrey of the Kingdom of the Sun had been informed about the evil plot that came from his royal partners, before he had entered the Royal Academy at the age of thirteen years old. He was assigned a set of princely duties also during the four year stay inside his assigned sand castle within the Kingdom of the Sand, without sharing his secret with his best friend Modoc or his girl Princess Pio.
He laughed. “Yes, I like that plan but not here and not now. I am shocked also. The rows of metalists who are disguised as twirlers that come from the Kingdom of the Fire are a very impressive lot with their individual shaft skills. I am afraid for my life.”
She slightly turned and watched with one eyeball the snake barge without looking suspicious. “Yes, I am stunned as well. Vetepurr has been keeping the team of twirlers a nice secret from the other royals. If not for the death of the green thing beside me, we would not have seen the row and rows of tall and strong metalists. I don’t realize that the metalist had a talent or a hobby of twirling a deadly shaft.”
“Yes.”
She exhaled. “I am a stupid leader. I didn’t understand the end result of your social arrangement that comes from the Time of Recognition. So, every single male dies inside each lava pit.”
He gasped. “Wait! I can’t believe your words. I didn’t completely understand. Vetepurr marries each Fire princess to one of our young prince of the Sun, so the male works inside the lava pits until death.”
She nodded. “Yes, every single one of four natives of the Sun who is married to a Fire princess is tall and strong and able to fulfill the pit need. Vetepurr and the past baronesses of the Fire only birthed daughters, since the underground minerals alter the genes inside the egg of the female. Thus, each zygote is conceived as a female.
He frowned. “I’m the numb here. Vetepurr had been killing off all the past, present, and future young and viable guard units of the Confederation.”
He laughed. “The guard units are a joke within the kingdoms. The handsome, strong, tall, and able females and males need a better purpose than sweating in the dry and heated desert or standing at attention between the lifeless granite statues inside the Assembly Hall at the social tower within the Kingdom of the Sands. Kung feeds them for free. Kung clothes them for free. Kung arms them for free. He uses them for nothing but the march without a musical song.”
She exhaled. “I have clearly not voiced my purpose within the Confederation. The Kingdom of the Sun, the young warriors are trained on a daily basis for war with our enemy. They represent a fighting unit of guards to defend our lands and our honors. No other kingdom has a rolling army.”
He laughed. “What enemy, Glay? What war, dear? We have been at peace for so long that my pair of silver components has turned into a set of golden fossilized brass.”
She gasped. “How dare you mock my purpose, my promise? Now, I have learned the truth.”
“I do not mock you, you purpose or your promise.” He turned and stared at the dancers. “Look at the river barge with the snake head. The snake head is so silly. Why does each river barge have an animal theme?”
“The tradition is many, many old. One of the ancient counts had been wedded to one of the dancers of the Wind a long, long time ago. The new countess created and built the face on each river barge. The tradition continues still.”
He laughed. “For fun and for terror, some of the natives were too frightened to board one of the decorative beastie barges.”
“Why do we need music or flutists or dancers?”
“I like the music.”
“What?”
“I love you.”
She sneered into the black tinted column of the patterned snot-balls face patch on the side of the left nostril. “Hush your lips! Before you are halved as two of the side dressings in blood red in-between that smelly green thing.”
“I don’t know that death stunk up the nostrils.”
Glay frowned. “If all the other royals knew that our kingdom was only a handful of guards, then we would be attacked.”
He laughed. “Who would a royal or an idiot want to rule and live within miles and miles of dry heated soil? This is our rational for a rebellion. I wanna live inside the air conditioned social tower with all the servants. What is wrong with the servants?”
“There is nothing wrong with the servants.” She stared into the woodlands with a sigh. “I just wanna cold bath every night.”


***


On top of the second royal river barge with the first royal teens in front of the brown eyeball of the eagle head, first royal princess Pio of the Kingdom of the Fire gasped with shock and said into the orange chin patch. “I can’t believe that she missed the shaft. My sister Mio performed the spinning turn and then missed the flying rod. This is so terrible. This is so bad. The rod dropped down over the hard surface of the floor. She had to stop her marching routine and squat down to pick up the rod. We had practiced that move within the routine over and over again until she was perfect. Well, my sister Mio has ruined the entire beautiful show for Triddie.”
Nixie tapped on the hand of Modoc with a sour frown, saying into the yellow colored cheekbone face patch. “I got outta of bed for this mess. It is so cold here. Why is Kamela wearing a pretty black colored fur coat? Where is my black colored fur coat? Where is my hot beverage? Where are the servants of the river barge?”
Ovilla tapped on the arm of Modoc with a sour frown. “I got wet. It is raining down a set of fake snowflakes. Where did the all the wet snowflakes come from? I am cold now. Where is my hot beverage? Where is my fur coat like Kamela? Where are the servants to bring me a fur coat and a beverage?”
Modoc exhaled with a sigh and whispered into the dark green colored chin patch. “I got stuck here without a royal punishment, Vantrey.”
Vantrey smiled into the dark green colored chin patch. “I got stuck here with my girl with a royal award, bro.”
Pio pointed at the twirlers with a nod and a smile. “Look at my twirlers. They’re doing a good job with the shaft. I worked with each one to perfect the routine. Mio still needs work. But overall, they are perfect.”


***


One the first royal, Glay lifted an arm into the air with a sour frown into the woodlands and continued to stand beside the stationary body podium that held the green colored thing. “Thank one and all for coming here to see this wonderful sight. Please accept this body and refresh the river with life,” she dropped the arm and slapped a hand onto the lever, slamming the handle down toward the metal floor of the river barge. The body podium lifted upward and then tilted down sideways. The green colored thing slid off the metal table and dropped down, drowning inside the green colored river water.
Inside the second barge with the eagle face and a single row of five first royal teens, Ovilla gasped in shock and jabbed a finger at the empty body podium with a sour frown and as, the lavender cheekbone twinkled in pretty colors that echoed to no one. “Did you see that? That body, it just dropped down and off from the metal podium. And then that body, it just drowned down into the river. Yucko! The river is the life of the fishies and the food that I eat. Well, I am mortified. I am grossed out. I am not ever eating seafood again for the rest of my life. That dead body is so unsanitary, ya’ll. Is everyone hearing me? That is sick. The dead body of Triddie has polluted the home of the fishes.”
Princesselet Glay nodded with a smile, and as her golden snot balls on the right nose hole twinkled with light. “Thank you for coming to the funeral ceremony. Each river barge will slowly putt-putt you back home to your native kingdom for your daily and nightly work shift. Bye, now,” she laughs and waves both arms.


12th hour (mid-day)


Kingdom of the Wind
Home of Marquee Jennessee and Marquise Fallacious
   First royal princess Ovilla, second royal prince Exmore
     and dead third royal princess Sedottie


Slimy neon pink colored shoreline and blue skyline location
Entrance gates of tree trunk setting


The single River Rat speed boat sped down the calm blue tinted Delta waters toward the open ocean waters at the end of the continent, zigzagging across the placid waves of a pretty warm day and circled around the water, docking by a pink and slimy leafy shoreline, stopping, and wobbled over the water. The River Rat driver yelled with a grin, “Home, sweet home!”
Cumberrun stood upright from the rear seat with a sneer at the ass of the stupid driver.  “What the fuck does that mean?”
The River Rat driver laughed with a grin. “You, girls are back here at your home kingdom,” he turned and point to the landscape with a laugh.
Cumberrun slowly spun around in the layers of silk skirts with a gasp to see the landscape of the unfamiliar kingdom. “Shit!”
Strawn slowly stood upright and spun around with a sour frown at the new landscape, lifting the layers of skirts to the kneecaps, exposing the trousers and the boot toes, carefully climbing out of the boat and stood upright in the slimy pink tinted sandy shoreline inside the pool of shallow water. He reached over and grabbed, jerking on the naked arm of Cumberrun while imitating a sissy female alto. “Come on, sister dear! We’re back to our home.”
He grunted in low tenor. “Yeah, right, okay,” Cumberrun grabbed and lifted the colorful green, yellow, and blue silk skirt up to the kneecaps, exposing a pair of black tinted leather trousers and the black tinted boot toes, tumbling over the lip of the small speed boat with a sour frown and a loud huff and stood next to his princely brother. Strawn continued to hold the naked arm and steady his brother with a sour frown and a loud grunt of annoyance.
The shoreline of the Kingdom of the Wind was lined in two layers of slimy pink dead and dried leaves that flew off the rows of tall trees into the air and eventually landed back down over the soil. The color of the fine sand was pink tinted, if you could find it among the dead leaves.
They slowly waddled in a pair of boots and a gathered long skirt through the slick pink slimy sand and the shallow water, strolling away from the speed boat a few feet and halted in front of a solid row of massive red colored gigantic trees with red colored bark and extremely tiny pink tinted leaves in the zillions. The red tinted trunk bark of each tree width could hold a long row of five upright tall males. In the middle of the solid row of gigantic tall red barked tree trunks, there were two trees that stood side by side, wearing a wrapped cord of purple tinted vine with an array of tiny black colored flowers. The purple colored vine whipped back and forth, slapping the ground soil into the dust particles into the air and then smacked down onto the red bark into tiny bits of wood splinters into the air also without stopping. You could see where the tree naked from bark after the slap of the tip of the vine.
Cumberrun gasped with alarm. “What the fuck is this or that or it or something?”
Strawn gasped with a worried brow and a whisper for his eardrums only. “Okay. This is really colorful and creepy and cool.”
Cumberrun spun around with a sneer to see the crew of the speed boat, “Hey, a…”
“Anything wrong, girls!” The River Rat driver laughed with his crew and then winked at Cumberrun. The four members of the boat crew continued to laugh and point at two gigantic whipping vines with a series of sounds of oh’s and awe’s. The driver nodded with a grin at the Pamburg princes in disguise. “Well, we did our job. Thanks for the box of raw minerals. We dropped ya’ll at the front of the entrance gates of your lovely home which is the wild and beautiful Kingdom of the Wind. You do understand why is it called the Kingdom of the Wind, don’t ya’ll? The wind whips both of those two nasty looking purple colored vines with the black tiny flowers up and down and side to side which could kill a healthy male, but you are two sissy girls. I guess the vines love the little girls. Those giant tree trunks look both creepy and colorful to me, too. But hey, I ain’t from the Kingdom of the Wind like you, girls. Right, gorgeous?”
“Right!” Cumberrun spun around with a sour frown and stared at the gigantic red barked trees and two whipping purple tinted colored vines and the black colored flowers with a worried mind.
The speed boat revved the engine with a loud roar and the crew roared with vile laughter. The boat steered in high speed down the water and away from the shoreline of the Kingdom of the Wind.
Strawn exhaled with a huff of worry and stared at the landscape. “Okay. The single row of tall trees guards the entrance into the Kingdom of the Wind. I don’t see any other entrance point through the massive and wide row of gigantic red barked colored trees. Do you like to climb, sister dear?”
“Shut the fuck up, Strawn!” Cumberrun growled with annoyance and stared at the landscape pink and yellow and green and red weird ass landscape too.
“But I do see two overgrown red colored tree trunks with a set of two overgrown purpled tinted vines that hold a pretty row of dangling black dull colored flowers. What do think?”
“Black color represents a funeral back home within the Pamburg Kingdom…”
“That’s not the correct answer, bro.” Strawn frowned at the row of trees. “How do we get inside the Kingdom of the Wind?”
“Dunno.” Cumberrun turned and frowned at the long row of giant tall overstory trees of thick pink tinted leaves which didn’t show a civilized life form but plant life.
“How do we get around the Kingdom of the Wind?”
“Dunno.”
“How do we get up and over the damn trees?”
“Dunno.”
Strawn nodded with a smile. “There are two massive trees that ascend up into the clouds. Each tree contains a single yellow colored flat-like plant vine. The yellow colored vine twists around and around, going up and around the red colored tree bark of the tree trunk like a staircase. Each vine is sorta level and bumpy like a set of steps, Yeah!”
Cumberrun snapped the fingers with a nod. “That’s it. It is a walking staircase that goes up the tree and over into…”
“Where? Where does this lead?”
Cumberrun laughed with a nod and slapped a hand on the collar bone of Strawn, “The Kingdom of the Wind, my princely brother…”
The tree tops continued to sway side to side. The wind shifted and blew the scarf off from the hair roots of Strawn. He jerked the scarf around the skull. “I agree. So, we walk up the twisting yellow colored vine staircase and then go into the Kingdom of the Wind. Then, we find Teath and get the hell out before someone finds us as a set of criminals or a pair of non-guests or whatever.”
Cumberrun nodded with a smile at the row of trees. “Great plan. So, you go first.”
“Naw, you go first. I insist.” He laughed.
“I insist, bro. You are the first born prince of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
Strawn pointed with a smile to one of the two trees with the whipping vine. “Okay. We go up the side of the plant-covered yellow colored staircase together like a pair of sissy girls.”
He exhaled with worry. “How do we do that?”
Strawn jabbed a finger at the staircase. “Look! The plant staircase doesn’t move side to side. The piece of growing plant looks stable and steady. It is only the whipping ass gigantic vine of purple that moves up and down and side to side. So we ran ahead at full speed and then race up the plant-made staircase, junking and ducking down between the loud snaps of a single whipping vine. I will crouch down at the waistline. You follow too close behind my ass. Then we are inside bowing down at the Kingdom of the Wind,” laughing.
Cumberrun exhaled with a huff of worry. “Yeah! That’s the best plan.”
Strawn crouched down at the waistline, grabbing, and waddled up the layer of long skirts into a ball, holding between both hands with a huff of worry. He raced ahead toward the side of the targeted tree with the bumpy but level staircase. Cumberrun copied the movement of Strawn, posing down in a crouch, and held the long skirt between two hands also, following behind the ass of his brother with a worried brow.
A right boot toe of Strawn hit the first step with ease as the whipping vine sailed forward and slapped into the side of the red tree bark with a loud snap above the scarf and then jerked backward into the blue sky. The left boot toe of Strawn climbed the second step with ease also. The right boot toe of Strawn tapped the third set. Then, the whipping vine sailed forward and twisted the tip of the vine, smashing between the fourth and the third step for the staircase.
Cumberrun jerked backward with a gasp of shock at the plant tip on top of third step and then tumbled backward onto a back spine, sliding back down the climbed steps. The whipping vine jerked backward from the third step and wiggled in the blue sky, soaring forward, and slapped on the cheekbone of Cumberrun with force.
Cumberrun reached up and touched the open red cut on a face and then twisted sideways, dropping down onto both kneecaps and one palm, sliding back down the steps, stumbling into a roll, and landed on a back spine over the patch of soft pink leaves with a loud thump, breathing heavy.
The whipping vine jerked backward and wiggled the tip in the blue skyline, sailing forward and slapped the rear leg of Strawn on the fifth step. He yelled with a curse and lost the footing, tumbling sideways and turned, roughly sliding back down the length of staircase, gliding, and stopped on top of Cumberrun with a heavy sigh of disappointment. “Well, that worked well.”
Cumberrun yelled with a huff of annoyance. “Hell! That didn’t work out well. Get the fuck off of me!”
Strawn climbed forward and moved off the long body of Cumberrun with a smile, sliding over more of the soft pink tinted leaves with a chuckle, “I’m moving. Get up from the ground! We gotta develop a new plan.”
Cumberrun rolled to the side and sat back on both kneecaps, wiping the fresh blood from a cheekbone cut with a sour frown at the row of trees. “What did that nasty river rat captain mean when he said that tree liked little girls? Does the damn tree know that we got a pair of man balls?”
Strawn stood upright with a laugh of the funny joke, staring at the row of trees, wiping off the fresh blood from an arm, where the tip of the vine slapped the skin. “I guess so. It figured out that we are not a pair of pretty girls. So, what is the new plan?”
Cumberrun stood upright with a smile and a nod, cleaning the wet leaves and wet sand from the long skirt. “We go back home to the Pamburg Kingdom. The princess was scared off by the big evil man with his big nasty weapon. She will eventually come back home like a stray dog when hungry or wanting to fuck his girl.”
He stared at the whipping vine with a sour frown. “That is not a good plan, Cumberrat! Let’s use logic.”
Cumberrun tossed both arms into the air with a sour frown. “It is most logical for us to go back home to Pamburg and wait it out there for the rebel or lost princess to show back home to us, too.”
The staircase vine was a woody shrub that climbed up and around the massive trunk of the ancient and thick tree toward the sunlight, creeping and twisting up to the flat platform of a tree house. The staircase vine hung for the edges of the climbing vines were colored dangling flowers. He pointed at the staircase with a smile and a nod. “Look. There are two individual sets of staircases which look like a winding neon yellow colored giant plant vine and it is flat for our feet. So actually, we should go at the same time up the side of each tree. You go to the left. I will go to the right.”
Cumberrun stared at the staircase with a laugh. “What? Why? I don’t wanna die first. You can die first. Then, I will learn and live and love a princess or a girl or a female again.”
“The center of the row of massive tress shows two side by side trees like each vine whips around the tree and goes up into the branches.”
Cumberrun exhaled with a sour frown. “I can’t see the branches, only the whipping ass vine that smacked my arm and my leg and my…”
“Go now!” Strawn ran ahead with a stern face and slammed a boot toe onto the first step of the planting vine staircase, climbing swiftly.
Cumberrun exhaled with a sour frown. “Yeah! Go!” he slowly strolled ahead and bend down into a waist crouch, moving away from the whipping vine, dashing up the plant-coated staircase with a set of soft curses and loud grunts.


Yellow tinted plant platform setting


Strawn continued to climb with both hands and boot toes over the tall staircase which was made from a solid piece of yellow tinted plant stem and ran ahead in a crouched pose while the whipping evil vine tip slapped at the tree, the air, and some of his exposed body parts. The boot toe hit the level platform and as, he stopped and stood in place with a sneer, slowly standing upright with a sigh of relief, escaping the nasty vine. He wiped off red blood from a set of fresh cuts, compliments of whipping vine. He turned and scanned the new environment. It was a flat platform that connected both sides of the two trees.
From the side of the second tree, Cumberrun raced ahead in a crouched pose from the whipping vine with a sneer of pain, feeling a slap on the rear of the boot, sliding into a halt before falling off the elevated platform. He stood upright and looked down over the air space. “Whoa! It is a platform. I guess that we’re about forty feet or more up from the ground soil of pink tinted packed down tree leaves. This place is too girly for me,” laughing.
“So, don’t look down, numb.” Strawn stood in place with a laugh.
“Too late, I looked down. I want my mama.”
Strawn continued to stand in place and turned, scanning the new landscape. The forest floor was composed of an array of plants, mosses, fungi, insects, small mammals, birds, reptiles, and amphibians living within the plants and within the soil. It was also comprised of decomposing tree leaves, animal droppings, and dead trees. All the dead provided nutrients to the plants for growth and expansion which created the gigantic canopy. The over story canopy was similar like a rooftop on top of a tree house where all the gigantic trees had grown together and formed a vast amount and mess of intertwined tree limbs from al the mature trees. The crown of the tree received most of the bright heat sunlight. The rooftop canopy provided cool shady protective over the interior of each tree house home like an umbrella. He smiled. “Wow! It is really pretty here.”
“I don’t care about pretty. I wanna find the missing princess. I wanna go back home before suppertime.” Cumberrun growled. “What do we do now or next, Strawn?”
The young girl appeared on top of the shared platform and scooted around the tallness of Cumberrun with a giggle. “Excuse me, please!” She stood upright on the edge of the platform and reached out with an arm over the air waves without fear and grabbed one of the flying vines, twirling a thick green colored vine around the arm. Then she leaped off the tall platform with a giggle, flying in the air and between the trees back to her personal tree house home. There were numerous wiggling green colored thick vines swaying back and forth from the platform sight toward row of tree houses.
Cumberrun continued to stand on top of the platform and shook a head of scarves with a worried brow. “Where did she come from? And what did she just do with that vine? Because, she is fucking the entire length of that plant vine. Or the long thick plant vine is fucking her leg, her pussy, her stomach, her left breast, and her neck as she is flying away from us,” laughing.
“Wow! I know what do to do, now, mama.” Strawn raced ahead and stopped, standing beside Cumberrun with a smile, leaping off the platform into the air without fear and as, his arm reached out and grabbed, twisting the green colored thick vine over a bicep. He yelled with a chuckle, flying in the air onto the next tree house platform. “Follow me!”
Cumberrun stood upright with a sour frown and watched the twirling ass of his brother with a sigh. “Geez, I’m going to die over a princess. This girl better be worth an ankle sprang.” He reached out over the air waves and patiently waited for the next wiggling vine, grabbing it with a sigh of worry. He wrapped it around the dress and the bicep with another sigh of worry and leaped with a curse off the tall platform. “Ahh…” He swung through the air with difficulty, sliding side to side, and gliding toward the same elevated platform. The tree house held an extended front deck platform like the entrance platform, where a flying native could leap from or land upon the flat hard surface with ease. The entrance of the tree house consisted of a large portal entrance doorway which didn’t hold a wooden door. The portal door was colored in various shades of bright colors, dried dead leaves, and painted dead plant stems. Cumberrun released the vine and dropped down, slamming an upright body of Strawn with a chuckle of fun.
Strawn captured Cumberrun and dropped backward, tumbling down over the solid platform onto a back spine with a loud grunt and a soft whisper, “Get off!”
Cumberrun rolled to the side and stood upright with a laugh on top of the same platform, leaning down with a hand, assisting his brother to stand. “That was fun…”
“Until, you hit my nuts,” he sneered.
“Then, you and your nuts need to learn to dash to side. What do we do now?”
On top of the second platform, Strawn turned and scanned the red barked entrance of the tree house with a smile. “Okay. This is tree house that looks and sounds like a place of business. I heard music…”
He laughed with a soft clap. “I smell food.”
Strawn frowned and moved ahead. “Food comes later after we meet and greet Teath. Let’s casually go over and scout out the interior layout of the tree house which is really a place of business.”
Cumberrun moved ahead with Strawn and turned, staring at the trees and plants. “This place is really creepy and colorful. Why would people live inside a hollow tree?”
“Why would a gang of young males live inside a high-rise apartment above a swamp of gators?”
“Yeah, I never think of that question.”
The entrance door was wide enough for four people to stroll inside at once. The interior of the room was an enclosed rounded circle like a hollowed out tree trunk and semi-dark atmosphere with an array of sunlight beams coming through a set of rounded open windows.
In front of the room, there was a small stage with a set of dancers that was performing to slow music. In the middle of the room, there were a set of numerous eating tables with two to four chairs that was made of tree trunks with a hard surface for enjoying a plate of food or a cool beverage. The side of the room, there was a set of doors that led into the baking kitchen.
Strawn stopped a few feet into the room without approaching a table with Cumberrun, turning and scanned all the occupants who wear various naked faces and covered skulls. He didn’t see an amber tinted girl and exhaled with a sigh of disappointment. “We came and seen nothing in here that would interest us.”
He nodded to the food station with a growling stomach and a smile. “The food will interest me.”
“No, we scan each tree house and then leave the establishment until we find Teath.”
“I wanna…”
“No.” Strawn spun around and reached out, grabbing, and jerked the arm of Cumberrun backwards with a sneer. “We continue onward until we search each tree house. It is good day light hours then…”
“We go back home.” Cumberrun spun around with a smile and moved beside Strawn.
“We find a place to rest. Then tomorrow, we continue the search.” Strawn exited the tree house and turned, moving down the long staircase made of a gigantic yellow colored plant stem with a side of colorful tiny flowers without a purple colored whipping vine.
Cumberrun stomped down beside Strawn with a smile. “Where’s the damn whipping vine?”
“I suspect the whipping vine is a deterrent for a vicious visitor.”
Cumberrun nodded with a smile, “It dirtied and deterred and dicked on my body parts.”
 Strawn strolled and moved down the staircase, stopping and stood in the middle of a pathway of dried pink tinted leaves with a smile. “The foot path goes all the way down to the end of nowhere. There are millions of tree houses.”
Cumberrun turned and scanned the natives with a smile. “Wow.”
Strawn slowly moved ahead with Cumberrun and turned, scanning the landscape. “Stop saying that!”
“Wow, why?”
“Stop singing the words out loud with your Pamburg accent.”
“Wow, what?”
“Each tree house is amazing.”
“Wow, where?”
“We go down the footpath.”
“Wow! There are a group of girls…”
“We scout around and go in and out of every single public place, looking for an amber tinted girl.”
“Wow, these group of girls are semi-naked in their cute little dance clothes.”
“Then, we drag her ass outta here and go back home to save our kingdom. The end!”
Cumberrun nodded with a smile. “Great plan!” He turned and scanned each native, sliding the mouth scarf over a face with a sigh of worry, leaning over into the cheekbone of Starwn. “Now, I know what the squire forgot to tell us.”
“What?”
“I am not wearing a matching or non-matching cute face patch.”
Strawn reached over and slid the neck scarf over a face to disguise his manly amber tinted appearance. “Yeah, everyone wears a face patch for communication here.”
“No problem!”
“Why is that not a problem?”
“We steal one.”
“How do we steal one?”
“We steal one off one of the pretty girls,” Cumberrun slid over and stopped, standing in front of the group of semi-naked dancer girls, dropping down the scarf with a wink and a smile, “Hey sweetie!”
The lead female stopped with a gasp and a distorted face with a sneer. “Who are you, honey?”
Cumberrun gasped in alarm as he was a male, not a female. Strawn dashed ahead and stopped, leaning over into the scarf of Cumberrun with a whisper and a chuckle, “Hint! Hint. You’re a girl too.”
Cumberrun back stepped with a nod to the real dancer female. “I’m a girl. I’m a girl. I’m a girl…”
“What tree house did you jump from? Where is your face patch?” The lead female jabbed a fingernail and yelled with her regular voice at disguised Cumberrun with a sour frown. “Who is your mother? Who is your father? Where is your tree house?”
Strawn reached over and grabbed, jerking the arm of Cumberrun, moving around the nasty group of female dancers with a smile, “I’m a girl. I’m a girl.”
Cumberrun exhaled with a sour frown. “I hate this assignment…”
“Wrong,” Strawn exhaled with a worried brow. “It is not an assignment, bro. We’re preventing war and saving my ass.”
“My ass, too!”
Strawn strolled toward the next tree trunk with a climbing staircase yellow colored plant vine. “We search each tree house very swiftly and quickly and then leave the same tree house and move to the next one without causing a war,” he moved first up the steps of the staircase with a stern face.
“Right on, bro!” Cumberrun followed behind the ass of Strawn and darted both eyeballs around the landscape for any more trouble.


4th hour (late afternoon)


Kingdom of the Sand
Home of Imperator Kung and his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
   First royal Princess Pelf
     and second royal Princess Nixie


Tan sandy beach with yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and blue sky


6th floor level
Art Hall location
Interior setting


Inside the hallway on the sixth floor of the tower building, Vantrey cuddled an arm around his girl Pio with a smile into her cheekbone, slowly moving ahead down a semi-crowded hallway with the other princes and princesses where the walls were dotted with a set of various colorful art pieces from tiny up towards tall.
He wore a set of fitted trousers that were tucked down into a pair of semi-polished matching knee boots. Vantrey was a head taller than all the male princes with a set of board shoulders, and a pair of blue eyes. The twinkling blue eyeballs allowed him and the other natives to shine and see within the darkness at night on his home land the Kingdom of the Sun. He wore a long ponytail behind the nape of his neck in the color of rich black. His face was clean shaven with a set of loop earrings, dangling from inside both earlobes. And a single looped ring hung down between the nose holes, creating great pain, when he smiled. Thus, Vantrey did not smile. His body frame possessed a tone of light brown skin. The right side of his chest cavity going down to the tenth rib within the rib cage held an array of colorful tattoos, marking him the highest rank of prince within the Kingdom of the Sun.
Each native of the Kingdom of the Sun displayed an array of tattoos, since the age of four years old. The age of four years was selected as the controlling point for any misplaced ugly and rude behavior. Every time a young child had misbehaved, a tattoo was burned into the skin, starting with the bicep of the right arm. Some of the younger and the older male and female natives displayed an assortment of colorful tattoos, including both facial cheekbones, both arms, both sides of the chest cavity, the complete back spine, and both legs, including both feet.
Once the entire body had been adorned with an array of colorful tattoos for each misbehaving act, the native was declared a trouble maker and was finally released into the darkness for a final punishment of the last nasty deed.
The Kingdom of the Sun was not a nickname. The land terrain was colored in orange dry and heated desert which was burnt each day from the bright yellow and heated sunlight. The day time air temperatures rose and extended over the one hundred and twenty degrees. Thus, a native or a creature might but probably not survive during the daylight hours.
At night, the air temperatures held around a cooler one hundred and six degrees, allowing the native species to roam for food and companionship.
At the age of twelve, the native was released out into the harsh, dry, and deadly desert terrain during the Time of Maturity ritual. If the desert did not kill you, then you became an official native of the Kingdom of the Sun. If the desert killed you, then you became instant food for the only living wildlife, the beetles.
A home consisted of an assortment of numerous dried beetle shells with a set of fist-sized air holes. The house formed a tall triangle into the skyline that allowed for constant air flow and individual compartment space for each family member. The air temperature was dry and hot. The air wind was non-existent. Thus, a home structure provided both warm and comfort from the hot day.
His father Princelet Zitgestum was the ruler of the lands, except when his wife Princeletess Glay vetoed and overruled all his princely decisions inside the throne room and outside on the training fields, since the Kingdom of the Sun had a female leader, since the beginning of time.
Vantrey and Pio slowly followed behind the three wiggling asses of tall Ovilla, taller Modoc, and petite Nixie, pacing through the dull boring Art Hall on the sixth level with the new royal assignment before graduating from the Royal Academy and starting the new role as royal leader of the kingdom. Vantrey reached up and tapped the green colored chin face patch with a smile for the private verbal communication. “Watch out, Modoc! Ovilla is trying to tickle your butthole with her long and elegant manicured purple colored fingernail. I bet that hurts if she successes. I don’t let Pio touch or tickle my manly buttonhole. Jerk to the side, bro!”
Modoc heard the words through the same exact green colored chin face patch which matched his good friend Vantrey with a soft chuckle, swiftly obeying the warning and slid a body toward the shortness of Nixie. His hip hit the hip of Nixie with force. Nixie giggled with affection of the cute assault and bumped side to side into Modoc for fun.
The green sparkling chin patch turned back into the natural skin tone of red tint that represented the natural coloring of Modoc and all the natives that reside within the Kingdom of Land. The prince displayed a tall and muscular body frame with a head of neatly cropped light brown hair with a set of bangs over both eyebrows. His face was unshaven with a light dusting of light brown hairs around the jaw line, the lips, and both nose holes that greatly annoyed his mother Duchess Torgeezus. His eyeballs were colored in hazel with tiny specks of gold that flared when angry. Modoc was the first prince within the Kingdom of the Land. Modoc slowly paced in the first row of royals down an empty hallway with a teen girl on each naked arm and behind the ass of the Educator.
Eighteen-year-old Ovilla was the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Wind. She was tall with a slender body frame and a set of long fingers on a pair of elegant hands for drawing or dancing, which was convenient. She wore a tight fitting green colored sheath dress, tumbling down to the kneecaps with a pair of spiked heels to show off her set of long and lean legs. She possessed a head of thin lightest blonde locks of hair with glowing pale skin tone with a set of green eyeballs.
The Kingdom of the Wind was a flat forestland sight of miles and miles of tall red tinted bark trees with varied shaped pink tinted tiny leaves, scattered groups of short dark green or bright orange plant bushes, colorful rows of wildflowers, beams of yellow sunrays, and peeks of blue skyline. The natives lived and thrived inside a tree house that was covered with a natural canopy of tree limbs which consisted of dancers of music, artists of painting, and writers of poems. Her mother Marquee Jennessee was the ruler. Her father was Marque Allakon was a poet of love poems who enjoyed freedom as a royal and his wife as a royal ruler.
Ovilla was destined to become the next Marquees when her biological mother retired without a fight or a fright or a bump or a bruise. Then, she would create and choreograph the same old dance routines and entertain the same old galaxy natives until her retirement date at the age of forty years, living a simple life behind the shadow of her future princess daughter.
The Kingdom of the Wind had always and will always be ruled by a princess female.
Ovilla clung to the naked arm of Modoc with a smile and turned to point at each piece of art work with a sneer. “All these things are really ugly. The artist must be really stupid. All the work looks like a child finger painting. I can’t believe that my father actually approved of these paintings inside the Art Hall of the Confederation. I do believe that it is not a good representation of the Kingdom of the Wind. When I am the new Imperatoress, I will remove and burn this trash pile immediately,” she continued to stare at the wall with a sour frown. “What do you think, Modoc sweetie?”
Modoc moved between Ovilla and the Nixie and stared ahead at the end of the long hallway with a sigh and nodded with a silly grin in silence without hearing the words of either teen female.
On same walking row at the end and beside the nose profile of Modoc, the second lovely daughter of Imperator Kung and his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme second royal Princess Nixie. She was a petite teen with a head of white colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow skin like her sister and the rest of the servants inside the Kingdom of the Sand. She twisted a neck with a smile into the nose profile of Modoc, whispering into her tan colored nose patch that matched her love Modoc. She planned to win the first choice within the Public Presentation. Then she would pick Modoc as her mate. Then they would rule and run the Confederation. Nixie didn’t tattle to anyone but she was winning the royal teen competition. Then she would become the next Imperatoress of the Confederation.
Her sister Pelf could end of with any other prince, since Nixie didn’t give an owl hoot as the bird lived and thrived within the Kingdom of the Wind.
Once Nixie was the new Imperatoress with her new husband imperator Modoc, they would create a war and then invade all the riches and resources of the Pamburg Kingdom, claiming the fertile lands for their new empire.
Her father Imperator Kung had visited the Pamburg Kingdom on his second day of new rule as an eighteen-year-old. That was it. There were not any more invitations back into the mysterious and mystical Pamburg Kingdom.
As usual, the royals of the Pamburg Kingdom rejected and refused the kind offer to join and share their resources with the rest of the kingdoms.
Now, it was time for a change of attitude and altitude for the Confederation. The Confederation was growing very fast without land and food. Nixie had worked very hard to secure her number one spot within the Public Presentation, continuing to smile and whisper into the tan colored nose patch while Modoc nodded with a grin in silence.
Nixie knew that Modoc had clicked off her matching nose profile, but skinny and snaky Ovilla didn’t. It was a fun façade pretending to entertain Modoc each afternoon. However, at night, Nixie always won the princess game.
Nixie tapped on the naked arm of Modoc with a giggle via into the face patch. “I really love at art painting on the wall over there. Maybe, we can grab a few pieces and hang then all them inside our sand castle after we marry, darling…”
Datto and Lorchess, the two younger biological prince brothers of first royal princess Kamela from the Kingdom of the Snow were a pair of tall and slender with a set of lean muscles slowly strolled side by side and ignored the art work, slowly moving behind the two asses of Pio and Vantrey, whispering into the matching dark blue mustache face patch with a grin.
Datto smiled with a nod and looked down at the matching dark blue arm patch, seeing the replay of the skyline activity during the funeral of Triddie. “I was impressed with exhibition of the mass of gigantic snow balls this morning at the funeral site. The range of the snow balls was far and accurate.”
Lorchess nodded with a smile and looked down at the same matching dark blue arm patch with the same replay recording of the skyline activity during the death funeral of Triddie, “Me, too!”
Datto smiled down at the arm patch. “Can the range of the snow balls reach beyond the river banks?”
“I would think so. Or we could move the snow balls further up the mountain peak to reach a further range.”
Datto nodded with a smile. “Yeah, that’s good idea. I need to remember that one.”
“What was that green thing on top of the metal plate?”
Datto laughed, “Dead Triddie.”
He frowned down at the arm patch recording. “O. It didn’t look like her. It looked like a green thing on top of a flat silver tinted metal plate.”
Datto looked up with a grin and elbowed his brother with a laugh into the face patch mustache. “Look at Ferron! He’s trying to get into Pelf’s girly panties during class assignment.”
“Does she really wear a pair of girly panties? Or is it a thong?”
Datto exhaled. “I don’t know. You don’t know. No male knows. The word is that Pelf is a virgin still.”
He gasped. “It has been nine months. It is close to the end of the sessions for the Royal Academy. Why hasn’t she been fucked like the rest of the other nasty princess whores after lesson sessions?”
Datto laughed. “Well, I just don’t know but I will do it to her tonight.”
“You need face patch permission from Modoc.”
Datto frowned. “Fuck, Modoc!”
“Why is he so special?”
Datto nodded with a sour frown. “The Kingdom of the Sands always marries the Kingdom of the Land for centuries.”
He laughed with a nod. “Well, that is about to change, brother dear.  How is our sister dear doing thus far in the competition with the bottles of the babies?”
Datto nodded with a smile. “She is in the number position based on her lying last night at the dinner table with our parents.”
He gasped. “Really? I would have thought the one number pose was Nixie. Or I would have guessed it to be Princess Ovilla. That bitch fucks any upright or sitting or resting male with a big or a tiny dick.”
Datto laughed. “Who is it that gots a tiny dick?”
He laughed. “Modoc.”
Datto laughed again, “Really?”
“It is real, if Ovilla always tells the truth.”
Datto laughed again, “Really?”
“Really, I don’t believe that bitch.”
Datto smiled. “Really, I don’t believe that bitch either.”
“So, our sister dear has blown the competition away. She produces four times as much in one night than any other whore princess. It is all written down on her wall.”
Datto exhaled. “Why is the bottle of babies important to me? I thought the winner of the Public Presentation is the new Imperatoress or Imperator.”
“The creation and implementation of the bottles of the babies is a tie breaker for the winner and fucking fun for me.”
Datto smiled. “Me, too!”
“What happens to each bottle with a fetus inside?”
Datto frowned. “It is destroyed after Kung counts up most bottles with the winner.”
“Is sister dear Kamela really going to win?”
Datto smiled. “Yes, our parents have planned a nasty surprise that will ensure Kamela is the new Imperatoress of the Confederation. Then, we are the two newest Imperators.”
He raised both arms into the air with a smile and a nod. “Yeah, I love family ties.”
Pelf was a tall and slender female with a head of long white colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow tinted skin, possessing a quiet and conservation nature for a teen. She was a first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand.
The Kingdom of Sand was located on the edge of the massive land continent, overlooking miles and miles of deep blue ocean waters. The kingly castle was shaped in a perfectly square and tall tower of beige and white sand crystals that came from the sandy beaches. Each residential house was a smaller square shaped tower of beauty and sand also.
At the edge of the massive land continent, each individual white colored cloud produced a heat storm within the sky during the daylight and the nighttime. The yellow bolts of lightning flashed across the blue sky and the white clouds, dancing with the wind in various geometric streaks from vertical down and then moved horizontal. Thus, the sandy beaches were dangerous and empty of swimmers. The ocean waves crashed alone over the sandy beaches without a visiting sea vessel. The heat storms had existed since the beginning of time.
She slowly moved behind the two asses of Pio and Vantrey, strolling beside first royal prince Ferron of the Kingdom of the River. She nervously patted both arms with a set of manicured fingernails, staring out the side windows at the continuous flairs of lightning bolts. Usually, the flaring and pretty patterns of the bright lightning bolts calmed her emotions, but not today. Pelf did not perform a set of domestic chores or steer an airship or practice beating a dummy with a silly shaft. She enjoyed reading poems, dancing around her private room, and watching the lightning bolts form into an array of funny shapes in the skyline. But today, her mind was disturbed and off balance. Her body felt cold and chilled.
Ferron reached over and gently touched her hand with a pair of cold hands, caressing the soft skin with a smirk. He loved and wanted to marry Pelf, becoming the new imperator of the Confederation. She was the key to a lush and luxury life of ease and simplicity which Ferron desired.
Pelf halted with a gasp and turned with a puzzled brow to see the individual piece of art work. “What is that?”
Ferron stopped with Pelf and cuddled into body, leaning down into her soft cheekbone with a smile. “That is a piece of pretty artwork like you, Pelf.”
She gasped with alarm. “No, this is more than a piece of art work. I see more.”
He leaned into her cheekbone and smelled her flora perfume with a smile. “I like seeing more of you, too.”
“I saw a letter within the art work.”
He smiled. “I like you too.”
“Inside the art work, I thought I saw a distinct shape of an alphabetic letter. Do you see the distinct shape of a letter?”
He smiled into her cheekbone. “I see you. I like you.”
She lifted and pressed the cheekbone red colored face patch which snapped a picture of the art work and stored the image inside the matching arm patch, twisting to face the archway, slowly moving down the floor with Ferron in silence. She reached down and tapped on the arm patch, studying the art work without seeing the letter that her eyeballs saw earlier, typing commands into the arm patch to access the art gallery to determine the artist.
The two sisters of Pio from the Kingdom of the Fire moved behind the two asses of Datto and Lorchess while twirling an individual shaft, tossing the rod into the air and catching it with a set of giggles and grins. The width of the Art Hall equaled the width of each floor. There was plenty of room for over five hundred natives.
The other teen royals moved ahead in a set of twos or threes while ignoring the art work, tapping on an arm patch, communicating with someone else with set of laughs and smiles.
Exmore scooted last in a single row with all his private thoughts.
The middle aged male with a head of white colored head, a face of white colored beard, and a pair of violet eyeballs was the Educator of the teen royals, a servant of the Kingdom of the Sand. He had the honor of leading the first row of tall Ovilla, taller Modoc, and petite Nixie and then the rest of the arrogant teen royals though the Art Hall and said within all the pink tinted face patches to each teen. “It is time to leave. Please scoot out the hallway and climb the staircase to the seventh floor Assembly Hall. You have one more task to complete before the actually performance of the Public Presentation,” he entered the staircase and slowly climbed up the staircase while hearing the soft mumbles of grumbles and complaints about the lesson session.
The row of each prince and/or princess continued down the hallway and turned, moving up the staircase, emerging into the highest hallway and scooted toward the three sets of double doors.


8th floor level
Assembly Hall
Interior setting


The set of three double doors opened and revealed the Assembly Hall.
Over eons of time, the natives within the Kingdom of Sand had learned not to harness the bolts of lightning but admire the natural occurrence as a symbol of freedom and beauty. The natives had erected each building up toward the skyline to continue view and admire each lightning bolts.
The Kingdom of Sand didn’t produce a plate of food, a glass of wine, a shirt of cloth, a poem of memories, or a component of metal, creating commerce or revenue. The location housed the Royal Academy, a place of learning to become a princess and a prince.
The top floor held the assembly hall. The four walls were made of transparency glass that allowed the beauty of the flashing bolts of light to illuminate inside the walls. On the smooth floor base between all the glass windows, there stood a block of tan granite that held a life-sized statue which was made from an assortment of tan and beige colored sand crystals. Each life-sized statue represented the deceased royal member of each kingdom, standing between the glass panels, wearing their ancient stiff and formal attire.
The center of the room held rows of elevated throne chairs that represented each prince or princess and their associated kingdom, except for the dead body of Triddie. Each throne chair could be accessed by a small staircase that held either three or four or two steps. Some of the throne chairs were decorated with a single stiff kingdom flags on each side of the back rest for fun that designate their kingdom. Some of the other throne chairs showed a double-seated for two individuals to share for sniggers. Some of the throne chairs displayed a set of colored banners on the bottom edge of the platform between the steps of the staircase for more fun.
The Educator entered first and moved ahead, stopping with a sigh of the work day, spinning around, and sat down inside non-elevated padded chair which was low and stationary on top of the smooth granite floor without flinging a hand or a piece of chalk or a piece of shaft at each teen royal. The chair was not a throne chair without a flag or a banner. The chair was nicely padded for teaching the young royals about royal protocol. He whispered into the air and as, his words were captured into each pink twinkling face patch and then transmitted into each royal face. He faked a smile. “Return and sat down inside to your throne chairs! Class is still in session for the late afternoon. Please, sit down into your individual throne chairs and finish up the session,” He watched each teen.
Each royal teen slowly entered the room and slowly climbed a tack of steps, sitting down inside a two or three-seater elevated throne chair which was usually the assigned chair for the year.
The Assembly Hall was a perfectly square shaped. No less for a royal room filled with a set of princesses and princes. The room served as the classroom to education the young royals, who would eventually become the ruler of their home world at the eighteenth annual.
Each royal sat inside a personalized individual throne chair that exhibited a set of hand crafted wooden symbols that signified their royal house. A few chairs displayed a royal colorful flag on between the poles of the back rest of the throne chair. Some of the chairs held a set of royal banners for fun, also. Each attached flag slightly wavered on top while the banners slightly wiggled on the bottom poles of the footless chairs. The throne chairs formed a set of semi-crooked of nine different twos that floated into the air and was scattered around the three walls.
Pelf moved up the short steps and spun around, sitting down inside the two-seater chair with Ferron, continuing to stare down at each art gallery pictures. She could find the mysterious artist from the Wind that drew the simple painting which hung inside the Art Hall, feeling nervousness, excited, and anxious for some reason. However, she had left her princess chamber with the feeling of panic understanding her feelings of the upcoming Public Presentation where she had to act in front of the populous of the people like a silly idiot or a shining star.
The Educator flashed with a series of pink colors from each face patch and each word echoed into the teen royal. “What was your personal impression of the Art Hall? The fine collection of original art work has been stored and displayed for hundreds of years.”
“Boring…”
“Snorting…”
“Ugly…”
“Pretty…”
“Small…”
“Long…”
“Art…”
“Wall…”
“Can I go to the refresher station?”
“Too boring…”
“Too snorting…”
“Too pretty…”
“Too small…”
“Too long…”
“Too arty…”
“Two walls…”
“Can I go to the refresher station, too?”
“Three boring…”
“Three snorting…”
“Three pretty…”
“Three small…”
“Three long…”
“Three arty…”
“Three walls…”
“Can I go to the refresher station, three?”
Modoc did not comment and continued to chuckle at the silly scene of teen princes and princesses while guarding his new secret. The oracle had told him in secret that the Pamburg Kingdom would fall. Once Modoc married the beautiful and shy Pelf of the Kingdom of the Sand which had occurred for centuries, he would send out the army of Confederation soldiers from the Kingdom of the Sun into the scattered lands and capture all the natives of the Pamburg Kingdom without bloodshed. Then, the Confederation would be great beyond any royal dream. Then, he would be the greatest imperator of the century within the Confederation, marrying the prettiest princess of the land, producing the prettiest children, and served by a house of servant.
He was a lucky ducky.
Second royal prince Exmore did not comment and continued to scan the room of princesses. He had lost his love Triddie which was more inconvenience than worry. There were plenty of royal princesses that loved to be fucked at night. That was not the issue.
Exmore wondered what would happen to her bottles of babies inside the secret laboratory of the Pamburg Kingdom. He thought maybe her parents from Kingdom of the Lakes would assume and acquire all the bottled babies which truly belonged to Triddie and Exmore.
No never knew how many fetuses survived the extraction process, a secret kept by the unknown Pamburg scientists inside the unknown and secret Pamburg laboratory within the kingdom. However, if a royal were to acquire all the babies inside each bottle, then the royal would possess and then train a magnificent army of warriors within another sixteen years or less.
Exmore had hoped to win the royal competition with the highest number of babies inside each bottle. Now, that had failed epically.
His sister Ovilla was doing very well with the number of babies in a bottle as she gossiped during the dinner hours with her biological family members without humiliation and embarrassment. She wanted to marry Prince Modoc, who only married the first royal of the Kingdom of the Sand for centuries now.
Exmore had participated toward her goal of Imperatoress of the Confederation. He had suggested the public presentation play, Nab, the Numb. The play was a silly childish game of good versus evil among the set of opposing players. However, his parents from the Kingdom of the Wind had conceived a new idea to win the leadership of the Confederation legally.
The Educator flashed in pink hues, saying into each face patch. “I have heard from each royal once, twice, and thrice but one teen. What was your personal impression of the hallway of art pieces, Princess Pelf?”
Pelf sat inside the elevated two-seater throne chair with Ferron without hearing the private conversation, staring down with a puzzled brow at the top of her hand. The top of the hand contained a hand patch which was circular in design.
The face patch was a genius invention that allowed private conversation between any two parties as long as each body used the same facial design pattern. Then the face pattern contained the exact same components of colors. This was the only reason to ensure privacy and talk to your sweetheart.
The second greatest invention was the hand patch. The hand patch was slapped over the top of the hand of the human-kin or the paw or the other holding limb of the species-kin for visual communication for the eye balls, the eye sockets, or the eye holes.
The cool feature of the face patch also contained a tiny visual camera which was flashed when touched by a finger pad or a sharp claw. The visual picture was recorded and transferred down to the hand patch for viewing and studying during academic class for a teen or for spying by an adult.
Pelf looked up with a gasp and a whisper to see the Educator. “Uh!”
“Ugly!” Ferron stood upright and tossed both arms into the air with a smile and a nod. “She said ugly and I said ugly. We are met to be together, Pelf,” he sat back down and leaned over, sweet breathing into her cheekbone inside the shared throne chair with a grin.
The Educator flashed a set of pink colors again with a sour frown, “Quiet, royals! Too bad, the face patch was not built with a set of sharp piercing pain into the tender cheekbone for each misbehaving prince. Back to the lesson, I have recorded and received all vocal responses for the hallway of art homework assignment. That royal assignment is completed.”
Ovilla frowned into the cheekbone face patch that communicated with Modoc only. However, Modoc had slapped his face patch shut down. She whined. “What a joke? We walked down a long hallway to view a set of silly looking wiggling lines of color inside a wooden box. And that was met the requirement for art history for a royal. My personal room exhibits more art history of natural, emotions, feelings, ideas, concepts…”
“Mine, too!” Nixie nodded with a smile and whispered into the tan colored cheekbone face patch. “This is why we are meant to be together, Ovilla. We think and breathe in the same air and the same thoughts. We are the throng of the all royalty life forms who are serviced and served and s…”
The Educator flashed in a set of pink hues with a smile. “The art gallery project has been completed. Yesterday, the first day of the week, all the teen royal had chosen the Public Presentation that will be viewed by your royal parents, the parents of your fellow royals, and the rest of the populous of the people. Each royal must participate within the Time of Recognition. It was a day here inside the assembly hall in front of the entire populous of the people on an arm patch where each first royal princess or first royal prince would choose a mate for life to marry and produce the next heir of the kingdom. The terrible catch, if the selected mate rejects the sweet offer of the first royal princess or first royal prince in front of the populous of the people which would be a big red-faced humiliation reaction. And there was embarrassing action that did occur eighteen years ago…”
One or two folded fists of some royals pounded up and down on top of the wooden arm rest without wobbling the throne chair, since the chair was made of heavy wood. Each face patch sounded with a set of soft moans and groans.
The Educator smiled. “Each royal class had to present a final public exhibition, marking the ascension of royal from the Royal Academy before beginning a life of royal duty. After the Time of Completion, each royal family announced the selected royal pairing for the entire galaxy inside the assembly hall, marking a formal engagement which was followed by a series of royal wedding throughout the day and the night. Then each royal married couple started the process of taking over the royal duties of their parents. Quiet, royals! You have not selected a poem, a dance, or a song but a play. Please call out a role. You can be any one or thing or person or creature that exists within the Nab, the Numb play. Go!”
“The monster…”
The Educator exhaled into all the face patches. “There is not a monster in the play.”
Nixie giggled into the pink tinted face patch. “Yeah, there is. Vantrey is monster.”
Vantrey growled into the one devil horns of pink hue. “I heard that, Nixie.”
“The princess…”
“The prince…”
“The hero…”
The Educator exhaled into all the face patches. “There is not a hero in the play.”
Nixie giggled into the pink tinted face patch. “Yeah, there is. Modoc is my hero.”
Mio smiled. “The guard…”
“The guard…” Nio smiled into the jaw line face patch.
Qcraft grinned. “The guard…”
“What?” Pio turned and gasped at Qcraft via the face patch. “I am the third guard of the trio with my princess sisters.”
Qcraft laughed. “You are the late voice that doesn’t count toward the third guard in the play, Witch bitch.”
Vantrey laughed through the pink tinted face patch.  “That’s Ovilla real role without a play.”
Ovilla sneered into the pink tinted dangling earring back at the prince. “I heard that, Vantrey.”
“Educator!” Pio whined.
The Educator exhaled into all the face patches. “There are only three guards. And they have been taken. Please, continue the role, not roll call!”
“The queen…”
“The villain…”
“Ovilla is the real villain.” Vantrey laughed through the pink tinted face patch.
Ovilla sneered into the pink tinted dangling earring back at the prince. “I heard that, Vantrey, too.”
Vantrey laughed through the devil horn decorated pink tinted face patch.  “Good! My face patch works perfectly, ya’ll!”
“The ass of the monster…”
“The ass of the horse…”
“The ass of the cow…”
The Educator laughed into all the pink tinted face patches. “I am glad that there are so many asses that are present today.”
“I heard that, Educator.”
The Educator smiled. “I mean to clarify the asses of some animals. Please continue with your specific role in the public presentation play.”


5th hour (late afternoon)


Kingdom of the Snow
Home of Queen Ylangling and husband King Amoywane
   First royal princess Kamela, second royal prince Datto
     Third royal prince Lorchess


Snow covered mountain range 
Cold temperatures with clouds and bright sunrays
Interior setting of the jettie


Inside the jettie interior, Teath rested over the metal floor and wiggled side to side in pain with a loud grunt and a soft whisper for her eardrums only, “What happened? Crashed,” she slowly sat upright on both kneecaps turning and scanned the interior of the jettie, and then the floor with a puff of annoyance. “Geez, I’m upside down. Geez, I landed the jettie upside down. Geez, I’m going die right here and now without becoming the queen of Pamburg. Geez, I hate my numb life,” she slowly stood upright and wobbled side to side over the curved floor that was really the curved ceiling on the tiny jettie airship with a sour frown. She carefully moved around and touched the curvy metal wall, feeling the ice cold weather through the mineral with a worried brow. “Okay. This is not good. What did she tell me? Help! Dead mother, you said to yell when I needed help. Help me! Dead mother, come and rescue me or something quick?”
One of the side walls flared and then glowed in whit light, becoming enlarged and then glowed in lavender light. 
Teath spun around with a smile to see the glowing metal wall, wobbling side to side over the curvy floor. “Dead mother, I can’t believe that you heard me. This is so numb. Help me!”
The wall swiftly formed into an outline of a young female in the color of lavender and as the voice of her mother said. “I am here. Where are you?”
She frowned. “Can’t you tell?”
Her dead mother exhaled. “You have not completed your mission and have crashed-landed the jettie.”
She exhaled. “I know that. Where am I? I was flying over the swamps of gators and then the valleys of green meadows and then the mountains of Pamburg,” gasping. “I have crashed-landed inside the snow mountain range of the next kingdom. I am the enemy here. Am I in danger here?”
“No.”
She frowned. “How do you know that, dead mother? I am not a native of the Confederation. I am a princess of Pamburg. Numb! I can be captured and then ransomed back to my home for…for something.”
“No, you will be captured and killed.”
She gasped. “What?”
Her dead mother exhaled. “Listen to me, Teath! You are safe for a few hours or a few days, at the most. So, I will begin your Forger training right now. First…”
She wrapped both arms around the bod with a goose bumps and chattering teeth. “I am cold.”
“Go and grab your shaft! It is mounted onto the wall.”
She dropped down and crawled over the curvy floor which was really the ceiling of the jettie with a smile, stopping and stood in front of the metal wall. “O. My shaft has clung to the metal. That’s convenience and nice.” She reached over and touched, jerking the middle of the rod from the wall with a giggle and a grin, caressing the smooth metal between the cold finger pads. “It is warm the touch.”
“Yes, you are a baby Forger. Your internal heat will activate the cold metal. Then, the warm metal will fire. Then, the fire will glow during a battle.
She spun around and carefully moved ahead over the uneven floor with a worried brow. “What battle, dead mother?”
Her dead mother exhaled. “There is a war coming, Teath. You need to practice for the battle and to defend your person. Now, kneel down over the floor…”
She stopped and stood in the middle of the uneven floor with a smile. “The ceiling, it is really the ceiling of the upside down jettie.”
Her dead mother exhaled. “Kneel down over the ceiling of the upside down jettie.”
She slowly knelt down on a set of bony kneecaps over the uneven floor, feeling the cold weather of the snow through the smooth metal. “Dead mother, I really appreciate you being her and finding me again. But, I’m really scared now. How long will my Forger training last or take or finish?”
“Teath, I mentioned before that I can guide, advice, counsel, and instruct you. That is my purpose. However, I cannot fight or battle for you. I am dead. You are alive. You must remove your boots. The heat will warm the metal. Then, the leather will melt from the heat of the floor.”
She sat down on the ass, stretching out both legs, grabbing the heel of the boot with a stern face. “Okay, yeah!” Teath removed both boots and kneel over the uneven floor with a sour frown.
“Touch the middle of the rod of your shaft! Then touch the rod of your shaft to the metal floor. Then the floor will heat.”
“Okay,” she held the middle of the shaft and reached down, slamming the ends onto the floor without successfully connecting the metal to the metal floor with a confused brow. She scooted over the floor and stopped, standing on the kneecaps in front of the curvy wall, reaching out and touching the shaft to the wall. “It is not working, dead mother. My shaft has two heads on each end. The big and the little heads at the end of the rod prevent the metal on the shaft from touching the wall.”
“That is not possible.”
“It is so possible.”
Her dead mother exhaled. “Please, stand upright and come toward me. Let me see your shaft!”
Teath stood upright with a sour frown and back stepped, carefully shifting side to side and stopped, standing quietly in front of the tiny glow of lavender which represented her dead mother. She lifted and held the shaft sideways, showing the rod. Her dead mother gasped.  “I see the issue. You are correct.”
“Told ya!” Teath rolled both eyeballs and stared back at the rod with a sour face. 
Her dead mother exhaled. “Both the ends of your shaft are made from the mineral of molded white rubber. The ends should be made of from the mineral of silver tinted steel. If one of the ends was made from the mineral of silver tinted steel, then the end tip could warm the metal room.”
“The jettie. Okay, is that a problem for you?”
“Yes, it is a serious problem for you. You cannot defend yourself to survive.”
She gasped. “Harpy, now, you inform me of that serious issue with my shaft and my life. Why isn’t one or both of the rod ends made from steel casings?”
“I would guess that it was the next phase of your training as the queen of Pamburg…”
“I…was going to be the next queen of Pamburg.”
Her dead mother smiled. “You are the next queen of Pamburg, my live daughter. You were the only princess to survive the gators and the burning candle and the darkness inside the princess throne room.”
She sneered. “That royal test was unfair. Each sister princess wore the most elegant and elaborate fanciest royal gown coupled with a pair of the highest spiked heels. The command directly came from the individual royal Nan. If all the older Nans were not dead, then I will kill them.”
Her dead mother frowned. “Not all of the older Nans are dead, Teath.”
“Why not? I saw the mature Forger cut off numerous body parts of the screaming and frightened Nans inside the princess cave room.”
“There are some more older and wiser royal Nans within the kingdom, Teath. Let’s leave it at that! Now, I must start your first training session.”
The room is cold. I’m still cold and freezing my tail off, dead mother.”
Her dead mother exhaled. “I hear your whines. Go outside…”
She gasped. “What? It is much colder and freezing outside than inside the tiny jettie. I don’t possess a winter coat or a small jacket or a piece of blanket. The jettie is used for fun, not battle.”
“Go outside and whack down some outer bark from one of the trees with your shaft. Then, place each bark piece over your exposed skin. Tree bark is a natural insulation on the human body inside the cold jettie.”
“What?”
“Do it, Teath!”
She spun around and moved over the uneven floor, sliding back on the thigh high boots over both naked legs and stood upright with a sour frown. “Yeah, yeah, okay, okay, all right. Harpy, I am standing and going outside to freeze to death in the snow and the ice, since I am alive. You are dead.” She stood upright and wobbled side to side form the uneven floor with a sour frown, scanning the walls and then the ceiling with a giggle. “The walls are really the walls. But the ceiling is really the floor. Ugh! The entrance hatchway is up high and above my hair roots, dead mother. I can’t jump that high,” she turned and scanned the upside ship with a puzzled brow. “There isn’t a ladder or a chair or a something to reach up that high toward the hatchway either. I am still freezing cold.”
Her dead mother exhaled, “That is a problem. Stood in place! Lift and rear back your shaft and hit the latch on the hatchway door.
“No! When the door opens, all the snowflakes will fall down into the jettie. I will get colder with frozen skin right now inside the tiny ice box of steel metal. That’s a dumb idea, dead mother.”
“Do you trust me, Teath?”
She nodded with a smile. “Well, yeah, you came to me and told me about the death trap inside the princess room.”
“Good! I am telling you to hit the latch on the hatchway door with either tip of the shaft right now.”
She exhaled. “Fine!” Teath lifted and reared back the shaft, moving an arm forward and released the shaft. The shaft twirled side to side through the air waves and missed the door, hitting the ceiling. It dropped down toward the floor. She ran forward and extended an open palm catching the falling the shaft.
“Do it again!”
“Fine!” Teath lifted and reared back the shaft, moving an arm forward and released the shaft. The shaft twirled side to side through the air waves and missed the door, hitting the ceiling. It dropped down toward the floor. She ran forward and extended an open palm, catching the falling the shaft.
“Do it again!”
“Fine!” Teath lifted and reared back the shaft, moving an arm forward and released the shaft. The shaft twirled side to side through the air waves and missed the door, hitting the ceiling. It dropped down toward the floor. She ran forward and lifted an open palm, catching the falling the shaft and closed the hand with a smile.
“Do it again!”
“Fine!” Teath lifted and reared back the shaft, moving an arm forward and released the shaft. The shaft twirled side to side through the air waves and missed the door, hitting the ceiling. It dropped down toward the floor. She ran forward and lifted an open palm, catching the falling the shaft and closed the hand with a smile.
“Do it again!”
“Fine!” Teath lifted and reared back the shaft, moving an arm forward and released the shaft. The shaft twirled side to side through the air waves and missed the door, hitting the ceiling. It dropped down toward the floor. She ran forward and lifted an open palm, catching the falling the shaft and closed the hand with a smile.
Her dead mother laughed. “Are you warm, now, Teath?”
She panted with a set of heavy breathes and wiped off the water from a forehead. “I am sweating and heated.”
“A little exercise creates a lot of heat. Now, you are ready for the first forger lesson.”
She frowned. “What about the tree bark?”
Her dead mother smiled. “You have learned a piece of new information. So, store it inside your brain for future reference, my daughter.”
“Okay…”
“The first lesson, you are going to twirl the shaft in a figure eight motion and dip the shaft back and forth on each side of your body. That maneuver will collide with any other flying object like a knife or sword tip and kept your safe from harm, so you can kill your enemy.”
“Geez! I can do that easy.” She slid the rod down toward the big head of the shaft, lifting and twirling the rod side to side in a figure eight in front of her body with a smile.
“Hand off to the left hand and twirl it side to side…”


6th hour (early eve)


Kingdom of the Wind
Home of Marquee Jennessee and Marquise Fallacious
   First royal princess Ovilla, second royal prince Exmore
     and dead third royal princess Sedottie


Forest landscape with colorful flowers and pink leaves
Moonlight with bright stars and cool temperatures


Strawn continued to wear the girly Pamburg dress consisting of a separate short silk blouse in the colors of green, aqua blue, and pink, a longer blouse of light green, maroon, and peach colors that flowed over a short silk blouse. He displayed a headdress cover with beautiful silk scarves in the colors of yellow, black, and purple that fit around his amber colored hair roots and a long silk scarf in the colors of gold and brown around his fit waistline. He stomped the last step on the yellow colored plant-covered staircase coming down from the previous visited tree house while looking for a live and breathing Princess Teath. He possessed a sour frown and halted in place on top of the dried pink leaves with a gasp, seeing a roaming group of dancers. The dancer group was a different set of young and pretty semi-naked dancers, moving beside both Strawn and Cumberrun all day long.
Now, it was nighttime with the moonlight and the bright stars underneath the overstory trees. The air was filled with soft and hard musical songs where all the dancers danced and performed for the eating and drinking natives also. However, the entire day had passed without a sign or a clue or a hint of the location of Princess Teath from the Pamburg Kingdom.
Pamburg prince Cumberrun was a head taller than his brotherly prince Strawn with a matching tone of amber skin, a pair of matching amber eyeballs, and continued to wear the short sleeved blouse in the colors of red, golden, black, yellow colors, a longer jacket of pink, orange, green, and blue, a set of hair scarves of purple, silver, peach and white that was wrapped around his shoulder length amber curls. He marched down the same staircase and slammed into the back spine on Strawn for fun, wearing a smile, staring at each passing female with a whisper into the eardrum on his brother. “Wow! All the half-naked girls here are beautiful babes. Blonde hair. Long legs. Long hands. Long necks…”
“We really need a set of colorful face patches.” Strawn frowned as the group of dancers wiggled ahead toward a different tree house for the evening entertainment. He moved straight across the flattened, soft, and pink tinted leafy pathway toward the next tree house to seek Princess Teath. Her life would be spare the Pamburg Kingdom from war with the Confederation based on some ancient treaty that had been made by the first king and the first imperator.
Cumberrun pulled up beside Strawn still staring with a smile at each wiggling ass of each semi-nude female dancer.
Strawn frowned at the tall tree house. “Then we could listen in to each private conversation of each person, since everyone wears a face patch for communication. It would be faster and easier than searching each tree house for Teath.” He leaned over with a sneer into the cheekbone of Cumberrun. “You are a girl, now. Don’t you remember?” Strawn slowly moved ahead down the pathway of dry and wet smashed down leaves that dropped down from each gigantic tree. The pathway served as the central road throughout the Land of the Wind separating the two solid columns of tall trees that held interior structures of buildings. The forest smelled of vanilla flowers, sounded like classical music to the eardrums, and looked like a yellow tinted jungle of brown vines and buzzing hidden insects, and a few flying wild animals that hooted for fun.
Cumberrun leaned over with a growl into the cheekbone of Strawn. “I remember pissing and missing at the clean toilet bowl inside the Prince House with my dick, so the squire could smell and lick up my piss on the floor and the wall. So, shall I piss on the toilet seat as a pretend beautiful woman?”
He exhaled with a huff of annoyance. “I don’t care how you piss on or inside the toilet. We have wasted most of the day with our escape from the Pamburg Kingdom. I worry about our brothers and the squires back home. And I need food for a growling stomach and a bed for some rest before we continue the hunt for Teath.”
Cumberrun turned and scanned a group of male dancers with a sneer. “I ain’t worried about our brothers. We are all tall and strong and mean Pamburg princes. Shit! All the damn squires are meaner than the sand snakes. Geez! All the male guys here inside the Kingdom of the Wind are pretty dudes with a long neck and a pair of long legs like his sister dancer, too.” One of the passing males turned with a grunt to see Cumberrun.
Strawn stared ahead and examined the next tree house with a stern face, “Sister Cumberlynn, shut up!”
Cumberrun turned and stared at each tree house with a smile. “Well, I am so right. And you are so pretty, too.”
“Let’s dash up the staircase of flattened plant stems and into the new tree structure. I heard music. Maybe, there’s a free food table for food,” Strawn reached down and lifted the edge of the torn and dirty dress hem, slowing climbing the plant covered staircase and dashed over the platform, entering through the open portal hole.


Tree house interior setting


Strawn stopped and stood in a few feet inside the new room. Each business tree house had been designed and curved in the same shape, a circular interior room with a forward platform of dancers that moved with a varied type of musical songs. The music in here was fast paced and cheery.
Cumberrun exhaled with a growling stomach and a pair of aching feet. “Do you see something that you want to beg or borrow…?”
“Or barter. You need to barter your body.”
Cumberrun frowned with a whisper inside the scarf. “Hell fucking no!”
“Please keep your manly voice down to a mumble or substitute it quickly. I wanna live through the night. And the answer is hell fucking yeah! We don’t have currency of monies to buy food and drink. I’m really hungry and thirsty. So, we default to the oldest attack in the world, the fashionable art of flirting. There’s a table in the middle of room…”
“In the middle of the room?” Cumberrun frowned with a fluttering stomach of embarrassment. He was glad that none of his other brothers could see his girly appearance now. He whined with a whisper. “In the middle of the room, you will get all the attention from all the patrons.”
Strawn led toward the empty table in the middle of the room with a stern face behind the silk scarf. The patrons didn’t bother to notice the two tall and ugly females in a set of colorful silk dresses. He whispered. “That’s the point, Cumberlynn.”
Cumberrun slowly moved beside the dress hem of Strawn with a sour frown, saying behind the silk scarf, “O yeah, right! I wanna get fucked by a pretty guy with a head of long silky soft looking blonde hair. I hope some of the babes wanna fuck a girl like me, tonight.”
He stopped in front of the table with a smile. “Yes, we are in the right space.” Strawn pulled out the chair and sat down next to Cumberrun, watching the patrons. The natives were eating, drinking, and quietly talking with smiles and nods. There was not a servant type person running around the floor, waiting on the tables and the patrons either.
Entering the curvy archway of tree bark, a pair of slender males approached the middle table, where two Pamburg princes were disguised as a pair of ugly females. One of the male stopped and bowed at a fit waist at the rear skull of Cumberrun with a smile. “Excuse me! Is this empty chair taken?”
Cumberrun turned and sneered at the hand on the empty chair. “Shove…”
“Shore not, kind sir!” Strawn turned and nodded with a silly grin to the first male. “No, please take the chair and join our empty table, kind sirs!”
Cumberrun sneered at the hand, “Our table is full, sirs.”
The tall and blonde haired unfamiliar male pulled out the chair and sat down, scooting, and leaned over into the cheekbone of Cumberrun with a smile, “You smell good.”
“O goody. Your nostrils work now, but maybe not later, kind sir,” Cumberrun sneered into the nose bridge behind the silk scarf of the unfamiliar blonde haired male.
The male chuckled with a nod at Cumberrun. “And all my other body parts work very well too.”
Strawn turned and scanned the room with a smile. “What shall I order to eat?”
“Order to eat?” The male date of Strawn stared with a confused brow into the two exposed eyeballs of the prince that continued to hide the real face of a young male. 
Strawn nodded at the male date. “What shall I eat for food?”
“Eat for food?”
Strawn nodded with a smile. “What shall I do here inside the tree house of food and drink?”
“What tree house do you reside, honey?”
Strawn smiled behind the silk scarf. “What tree house is your home, sir?”
The male date of Strawn nodded with a smile to the prince. “I live in tree house number twenty-seven. My family is honorable and old here.”
Strawn smiled behind the silk scarf over the mouth. “We come from tree house number six thousand…”
He frowned. “What did you say?”
Strawn nodded with a smile behind the silk scarf over the nose and lips. “We come from tree house number six hundred…”
He frowned. “I beg your pardon.”
Strawn exhaled behind the silk scarf that covered the nose and the lips. “We come from tree house number sixty-two.”
He nodded with a smile. “Your family tree house is almost touching the valley mountain of the Freelands. That’s way down the pathway of leaves.”
Strawn nodded with a smile inside the scarf that covered the nostrils and the lips. “Yes, we are way, way down, down the pathway of dried and wet leaves that come from the tall and beautiful trees. Can we eat? I’m hungry. Where is the serving waitress?”
The male date frowned, “What serving waitress?”
Strawn nodded with a smile inside the scarf. “Where is the person that serves us the plate of food?”
The male date thumbed back over a collar bone to the side wall with the tables of food. “The food table is against the wall. You go and grab and tote back out plates of food. I want a handful of everything for the first round of food. I usually eat about three rounds of food and then I get dessert for later. Get up and go now, honey!”
Strawn stood upright and wrapped the scarf about the mouth with a nod to his date with a fake female giggle. “Of course, me and my sister will do that for you two cute males,” he reached over and grabbed, jerking on the collar bone of Cumberrun. Cumberrun slowly stood upright from the tree designed chair with a soft growl inside the scarf of fighting fury at Strawn and his date who continued to touch to many body parts on the prince. Strawn giggled like a girl and stared down at the blonde colored hair roots of his date, “See, sister dear? We are swiftly learning the ways of our honorable brothers and sisters on our plight of knowledge,” he released Cumberrun and swung around, dashing ahead toward the first food table, stopping and stood in line while waiting his turn. He lifted an empty plate and moved down the row of tables, dressing it with food. He spun around and dashed back to his date, stopping, and placed the plate of food in front of the male dancer with a smile behind the scarf. “There you go, sir! I will prepare your cold beverage also. I will be back in a flash, sir,” he spun around and slammed into the back spine of Cumberrun with a grunt and a chuckle. Cumberrun sneered.
At the dinner table, the male dancer stared down at the pile of food with a smile. “She’s a keeper,” he reached down and grabbed the food with both hands, eating and chewed with a silly grin in silence.
On the middle of the floor, Strawn whispered into the eardrum of Cumberrun. “Prepare your date a food plate. I got the beverages,” he back stepped and scooted around his brother, dashing to the beverage table, stopping in place and stood in line, waiting to prepare a set of two cold beverages for the two male dancer dates.
Cumberrun continued to stand in the middle of the room and exhaled with a huff of annoyance, slowly moving ahead toward the first table, stopping, and stood in front of the empty plates. He grabbed two plates and filled each one with the same tall pile of food, slowly spinning around and moved back to his date and the same eating tree trunk table with a sour frown and stopped beside his male date, gently resting the plate of piled food in front of the guy.
The date of Cumberrun looked down at the plate of food from the prince with a smile and a nod in silence. Cumberrun slide down and sat like a man in the chair with a soft growl and lifted both a sharp knife and a pointy fork into each hand, staring down at the tall pile of good smelling food. The date of Cumberrun leaned over with a smile into the silk scarf of Cumberrun, “Good! I see that you like to eat, since you will need to store and reserve all your energy.”
Cumberrun frowned at the pile of food. “What the fuck for, sir?” He reached down and stabbed the fork, lifting, and ate, chewing the good food with a sour frown.
“So, me and you can fuck around for fun later, honey!” The male of Cumberrun laughed and ate more food.
Cumberrun mouth spat food particles with a sneer at his date. “Can you not see that I am holding a sharp knife near your right cheekbone, bro?”
Strawn returned to the dining table, and stopped in place, standing beside the nose profile Cumberrun while dropping down the cold beverage for the date of Cumberrun with a smile behind the silk scarf. “There you go, sir! I poured two pints of ale into one great big large tumbler for your evening pleasure,” he winked at the male dancer.
He swiftly spat out each chewed piece of food particles into the air and over the plate of food. “Where the fuck is my great big large tumbler of two pints of ale, sister dear?” Cumberrun frowned down at the pile of food while needing a gulp of liquid.
The date of Cumberrun looked up with a wink and a smile to see the silk scarf of Strawn, “Thanks, sweetie! She’s a keeper,” he looked down with a smile to see Cumberrun. “Your sister is sweetness.”
Cumberrun chewed the food and mouth spat an array of used food particle across the table with a sour tone. “Well, I’m vicious. So watch out, every dick head male!”
Strawn scooted around the covered hair roots of Cumberrun with a chuckle and stopped, standing at the nose profile, placing the second beverage next to his date with a smile and a fake girly timber. “There you go, too, sir! Enjoy your food and beverage. And remember, it is compliments of me and my sister dear,” he swung around and dashed back to the food table for a plate of food also.
“Thanks, honey!” The male dancer date reached out and lifted the tumbler of ale, sipping, and swallowing a large gulp of the beverage with a loud burp and dropped down the glass over the tree trunk.
Strawn returned in time to hear and smell the musical mouth song, sliding down into his chair next to Cumberrun, eating the plate of food behind the silk scarf. Cumberrun leaned over with a sneer inside the silk scarf. “Is the ale poisoned for them?”
“Naw!” Strawn ate and chewed the food behind the scarf.
“Okay,” Cumberrun continued to eat and chew the food in silence.
Fifteen minutes later at the same tree trunk table, the male dancer date reached over and caressed the exposed hand of Strawn with a smile and a nod, “You have a pair of soft hands.”
Cumberrun turned with a wink and a loud laughter to see his princely brother Strawn who hid behind the scarf. “Does she now?”
The second male reached over and grabbed the hand of Cumberrun with a grin. “You have a…a non-soft hand.”
Cumberrun turned with a loud burp from the good tasting ale and a laugh to see the face of his male dancer date. “Yeah, I clean all the dirty dishes at our tree home. My sister is the smartie and sweet one. I’m the toughie asshole one,” laughing.
Strawn reached over and caressed the hand of his male date with a fake smile and a gasp in a sweet alto voice. “O might goodness! I am feeling. You possess a pair of soft hands like me.”
“Yes.” The male nodded with a smile. “I am a dancer. My hands are soft. My feet are blistered.”
Strawn gasped with a fake smile and a fake female soprano, “Uoo! You are so impressive, kind sir.”
The male date of Cumberrun leaned over into the silk scarf of Cumberrun with a smile. “Uoo, too! I am impressed with my tall and big beautiful girl. How’s about…”
Cumberrun reached out and shoved the male from a face with a sneer and stood upright from the chair with a smile, a burp, and a fake female alto. “My stomach is full. Now, I’m tired. My feet hurt. I wanna bath and I wanna a good night sleep away from home tree number sixty-two.”
Strawn stood upright from the chair and nodded down to his male date. “How shall we pay for the good plate of food?”
The male dancer date finished eating the food items with a confused brow at Strawn. “Pay for the food?”
Strawn nodded with a smile inside the silk scarf that continued to cover the nose and the lips. “I don’t want to be recognized as a thief here. I must pay for my food.”
The male date stood upright with a laugh and a nod to Strawn. “The food is freely eaten and freely given as a citizen of the Land of the Wind.”
“The fucking food is free.” Cumberrun turned with sneer into the cheekbone of Strawn. “Well, sh…”
“Sister dear, we are a long, long, way, way from our tree home.” Strawn leaned over and cuddled the body of Cumberrun with a fake smile and a silly female giggle. “And we are having fun exploring our homeland of the wind. And we are still learning all the different or same customs of our brothers and sisters.”
The male date of Strawn reached over and jerked the prince from the grasp of Cumberrun with a smile into the silk scarf. “Yeah, this is one of the many old customs where all brothers and sisters share inside tree house number twenty-seven and sixty-two.”
Strawn nodded with a smile behind the scarf. “O. What is that, sir?”
He leaned over with a wink and a laugh. “Each brother and sister enjoys a great night of long hot and passion sex.”
Strawn gasped with alarm and then cleared a nervous throat. “Yes, that would be a very exciting time. So, you can lead the way, kind sir!”
The male date of Strawn spun around and moved across the floor with a nod with the other male dancer, strolling toward the open portal of the tree house. “Yes, I will lead you back to my tree house. My parents are away and dancing tonight inside the Kingdom of the Land, entertaining the stupid farmers.”
Cumberrun tumbled forward over the dress hem and hit into the back spine of his male date with a sneer, back stepping with a smile and a female alto voice “Oopsie! I am such a cluster fuck with my feet but solid on my back spine, sir.”
Strawn rolled both eyeballs and stared at the back spine of Cumberrun, moving ahead and pulled up beside his brother. Cumberrun leaned over with a whisper and a worried brow. “How are we getting outta fucking a pair of guys? I got a pair too.”
“Shush! I have implemented a plan. So for the time being, act like a girl!”
“What plan?”
“My plan!”
Strawn and Cumberrun gathered up a dress hem from the floor and lifted the fabric into the kneecaps, exposing the pair of midnight blue trousers and a pair of dirty midnight blue knee boots within the moonlight rays of the night while climbing down the staircase and landed on top of the leafy pathway, slowly moving behind the asses of the two male dancers in silence.


7th hour (early eve)


Kingdom of the Snow
Home of Queen Ylangling and her husband King Amoywane
   First royal princess Kamela, second royal prince Datto
     Third royal prince Lorchess


Snow-covered mountain peak
Cold temperatures, clouds and bright stars and dull moonlight rays
Interior setting of the jettie


Inside the jettie interior, Teath tossed the shaft into the air and twirled around and around, stopping, and caught the rod with a smile to her dead mother.
The lavender figure of the young female clapped with a smile at her daughter Teath as a projection upon the one of the solid steel walls inside the tiny jettie. “You have trained well. Now, you need rest your bones and your sore muscles. You will leave from the Kingdom of the Snow tomorrow morning. Go and continue your journey to the Kingdom of the Lakes. 
Teath lowered and rubbed the tips of her shaft which had been given to her as a pre-teen. “What about the tips of my shaft? It is made of rubber, not fire or steel.”
“I have more training lessons. Then, you can venture about to add a set of steel tips onto your shaft. However, you will need my assistance for that function.” 
Teath frowned at her dead mother. “How and when will I do that, dead mother?”
“You are leaping over several a set of valuable lessons. The set of steel tips can wait.”
Teath exhaled. “Harpy, I’m just curious. Where do I add a steel tip onto the both ends of my shaft?”
“The work will be done inside the Kingdom of the Fire. It is nation of underground set of pits with fire and heat. It is the place where the shaft and the metal components are melted and forged.”
Teath gasped. “Forged? Then, it is a secret forger reclusion. That makes more sense for me to hide out and train inside the underground pit rather than on top of an old boat on the water. I don’t like water. You can drown and die in water. Back home, no one rows a boat in the swampy waters without the assistance of a gator.”
“Yes, you are correct, Teath. And no, you must continue first to the Kingdom of the Lakes. There are numerous abandoned boats where you can hide and work. It is there that you can rest and continue your Forger training in secret.”
Teath rubbed the rod of the shaft. “Why is it a secret? Why is the Forger forgotten? Why does a Forger exist?”
“Many, many years ago, the Forger team was great and mighty for some reason. Then they disappeared for another reason.”
“Who were the Forger teams?”
“Get some rest and sleep!”
Teath frowned. “I don’t have a blanket.”
“Use the bark from the tree. When you eventually hit the latch on the hatchway door, the tree limb resting on top of the door will fall down into the interior cabin of the jettie. Whack off the tree bark with the tips of your shaft and then decorate your body with the tree bark. You will be warm and toasty. I promise.”
Teath nodded with a stern face, “Harpy! Yes, ma’am.”
Her dead mother smiled at her daughter. “I am fading very swiftly. My energy had exhausted. I will see you after you have been secured inside one of the floating boats within the Kingdom of the Lakes.”
“Bye, dead mother! See you tomorrow too.” The glowing outline of lavender split apart into two narrow bands of pink and white and then eventually disappeared and showed the silver tinted side wall inside the jettie. Teath exhaled with a puff of annoyance with more work. Her muscles were sore. Her stomach was growling for food. She back stepped from the side wall and stood at the rear wall, rearing back, and tossed the shaft tip at the latch on the door. It hit perfectly after practicing morning, afternoon, and until late evening with the shaft. Her fingers were chapped and bloody from hitting the shaft against the metal, too many times.
The hatchway opened. The large single tree limb broke apart with a loud snap and then landed down onto the uneven floor covered in snow, bark, and colorful fruit berries with a soft swish. 
Teath tossed both arms with a smile for the first time since the morning, dashing ahead, stopping, and stood over the broken tree limb. She reared back and smashed the bark from the tree, decorating a body part while grabbing and ate the fresh berries for food. Then she sucked down a handful of melting white snow balls for water. 
Teath continued to work warming a body with the pieces of wet bark, filling a stomach with the berries and quenching a thirst until falling over the metal floor in physical exhaustion into a deep sleep.



Kingdom of the Wind

Home of Marquee Jennessee and husband Marquise Fallacious

Forestland of pink leaves and cool temperatures
Moonlight rays and bright stars underneath the overstory trees


Over the leafy pathway of a moonlight night, underneath the overstory ancient trees, the pair of male dancers carelessly bumped into each other from the over consumption of alcohol and good food, slowly moving down the foot path and stopped, slowly turning, and climbed up a new staircase of green plant stems and entered a new tree house.
One of the male dancers yelled aloud with a chuckle, “We are here!”
Prince Cumberrun of the Pamburg Kingdom turned and marched up the new plant-covered staircase with his princely brother of the Pamburg Kingdom Strawn, looking forward to a bloody fighting rumble and then a good night’s rest from a very busy day of non-finding Princess Teath. He leaned over with a worried brow and a whisper into the cheekbone of Strawn, “Yeah, what’s the plan?”
“Follow my lead!”
“What lead?”
“Follow my plan!”
“What fucking plan?”
“Not that fucking plan,” he laughed.
“What the fuck are you going to do about the two male dancers that wanna fuck to two manly guys?”
“Shush, Cumberlynn!”
The males entered through the open portal and moved through the living room setting of the tree house without occupants of family members, strolling ahead into a larger room and stopped a few feet inside the bedroom.
Strawn and Cumberrun entered through the open portal of the new tree house in silence with worry and nervousness.


Tree house interior bedroom setting


Strawn followed behind the two asses of each male dancer and stopped, standing inside the bedroom archway with a fake smile and a fake girly timber behind the silk scarf, “O mine! There are two separate gigantic bed mattresses inside the big bedroom without a single pretty bed linen sheet. Why is that, sir?”
The male date of Strawn spun around and reached out, grabbing the arm of Strawn, and pulled the prince into a chest with a smile, leaning down to kiss the face of Strawn, “We like to fuck each other.”
Cumberrun entered through the archway and stopped beside his male date, reaching over and shoved the body of his male date with his manly strength into the far wall with a chuckle and a grin. “Then you don’t need me for a fuck fest of delight, tonight.”
The male date of Strawn leaned over and pinched the ass of Strawn through the silk skirt with a chuckle. “I mean that we take turns fucking each other female dates.”
Strawn frowned at the naked bed mattresses. “Where are the bed linens, sir?”
The male date of Strawn leaned over and bad breathed through the silk scarf at Strawn. “My parents leave the bed naked to air out the mattress after their sex acts.”
Cumberrun laughed with a nod at two naked bed mattresses. “O. That makes perfect sense to me!”
“Get undressed, sister dear!” Strawn shoved the male date from a distorted face and scooted around the short male dancer, dashing ahead, and entered the bathroom, slamming the door that didn’t make any noise.
“What the fuck?” Cumberrun gasped in shock, panic, and angry, watching the bathroom door close shut. His male date of Cumberrun reached out and touched, ripping off sections of the loose silk clothes from the body of Cumberrun with a chuckle. Cumberrun turned with a growl and shoved both hands back down on the dude with a growl. “I can undress my person, asshole.”
The male dancer back stepped from Cumberrun and caught his balance with a giggle and a grin, lifting and wiggled both arms into the air, “Uoo! I like your playfulness aggregation.”
Cumberrun snarled with a set of gritted teeth inside the silk scarf. “It ain’t playfulness aggregation, bro! S…Sister dear, where in the fuck are you at?”
“I’m shitting out my yummy dinner down into the toilet water, sister dear,” the soft fake female timber of Strawn yelled aloud from the behind the bathroom wall with a loud snigger.
The two male dancers rushed ahead and stopped, reaching out and ripped off the silk clothing of Cumberrun. Cumberrun reached out and shoved both hands, kicking out a boot toe toward each slender and flexible dancer, missing a body part. Each piece of clothing shifted and sounded with a soft tear as some of the scarves fell over the floor. Cumberrun yelled out loud with panic. “Get off my clothes! These are my only items that I possess, asshole number one and asshole number two.”
The first male dancer continued to touch and rip off the numerous silk clothing from Cumberrun with a smile. “I like to see a girl naked. You can wear some of my mom’s clothes, if yours get damaged.”
Cumberrun continued to slap both hands over each bicep of each dancer, hitting a soft cheekbone, every once in a while, on each dancer with a sneer and a sour frown. “I don’t think so, dude! Get off my body before I get violent, dude.” The two male dancers sniggered with lust and continued to pull on the clothes of Cumberrun.
A few seconds later, the bathroom door opened and revealed Strawn who stood upright inside the archway with a smile inside the silk scarf with a chuckle, “Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero.” Each dancer back stepped from Cumberrun and lifted both hands, holding the temple with a puzzled brow, slowly dropping down over the hard floor the tree house into unconsciousness.
Cumberrun looked down with a puzzled brow to see the two sleeping male dancers and straightened up the crooked clothing with a sneer. “What the fuck happened to the two male dancers? They are down and out. And I didn’t get to punch a nose bleed either.”
Strawn moved ahead from the bathroom space with a smile and started ripping off all the silk clothes with a nod. “I applied a clear liquid potion for sleepy time inside each ale beverage when I had acted as the serving waitress.”
Cumberrun looked up with a gasp to see his princely brother. “Why didn’t you tell me? I’m your best bro.”
He stopped in place and continued to peel off the battle gear down to the underwear with a smile. “I’m first born prince of the Pamburg Kingdom. As the first born one and only, I received some extra instructions from the squire.”
“Which squire? What for? Why for?”
“I just did. And I saved our lives tonight. The two dancers will be asleep for hours and until sun rise, so we can rest in peace and quiet. Let’s get some sleep. I’m making the bed and going to sleep,” Strawn turned and moved ahead to a piece of furniture, stopping and pulling out each drawer and found the clean bed sheets. He lifted and tossed a set of bed linens to Cumberrun in silence.
Cumberrun caught the stack of bed linens and spun around, moving to the second naked bed mattress, decorating the mattress for slumber also in silence. He stripped down all the silk clothing and his battle gear, going down to the underwear and crawled over the cool bed sheets with a sigh of a full stomach and a lousy day as a Pamburg prince.
Inside the second bed mattress, Strawn looked over with a smile to see Cumberrun. “You got ugly feet.”
Inside the opposite bed mattress, Cumberrun rested on a back spine and lifted a naked leg and a foot into the air with a chuckle and a smile. “Naw, I got cute feet.”
He stared at the ugly feet in the air with a laugh. “You got an extended second toe on each big foot. It is fucking ugly. The girls are not going to like it.”
Cumberrun laughed with a smile, “Hmm! I got an extended super long dick, too. And all the girls love it. So, do you wanna see my super-duper long dick, too, Strawn?”
Strawn rolled over onto an opposite side of Cumberrun with a smile to see the wall. “Naw! I just think that both your feet are ugly. You need to wear socks to bed or your boots,” laughing.
Cumberrun smiled at the red wooden ceiling inside the bedroom of the tree house, “Go to sleep, sister dear!”
Strawn exhaled with a huff of worry and stared at the red wooed of the tree house. “We don’t find Teath today.”
He exhaled with a huff of worry also. “We will find her tomorrow. Get some sleep! We have an active new day of a non-fucking activity or a set of fighting shafts with more groups of cute and blonde haired male dancers.”
“Yeah,” Strawn laughed and closed both eyelids into the slumber.



Kingdom of the Sands

Home of Imperator Kung and his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
   First royal Princess Pelf
      and second royal Princess Nixie


Tan sandy beach with yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with moonlight rays and bright stars


7th floor level
Art Hall
Interior setting


First royal princess Pelf of the Kingdom of the Sands had finished the dinner meal with her family members, listening to gossip and the nasty mouth of her sister Nixie. After the dinner hour, her family members left the Dinner Hall for an individual social tower to bath, to slumber or to whatever.
She started climbing up the enclosed staircase in the opposite direction of her family member with a special purpose and a secret.
Pelf was a tall and slender female with a head of long white colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow tinted skin, possessing a quiet and conservation nature for a teen. She was a first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand.
The Kingdom of Sand was located on the edge of the massive land continent, overlooking miles and miles of deep blue ocean waters. The kingly castle was shaped in a perfectly square and tall tower of beige and white sand crystals that came from the sandy beaches. Each residential house was a smaller square shaped tower of beauty and sand also.
At the edge of the massive land continent, each individual white colored cloud produced a heat storm within the sky during the daylight and the nighttime. The yellow bolts of lightning flashed across the blue sky and the white clouds, dancing with the wind in various geometric streaks coming down vertical and then across horizontal. Thus, the sandy beaches were dangerous and empty of swimmers. The ocean waves crashed alone over the sandy beaches without a visiting sea vessel. The heat storms had existed since the beginning of time.
Over eons of time, the natives within the Kingdom of Sand had learned not to harness the bolts of lightning but admire the natural occurrence as a symbol of freedom and beauty. The natives had erected each building up toward the skyline to continue view and admire each lightning bolts.
The Kingdom of Sand didn’t produce a plate of food, a glass of wine, a shirt of cloth, a poem of memories, or a component of metal, creating commerce or revenue. The location housed the Royal Academy, a place of learning to become a princess and a prince.
She slipped off the staircase and turned to the side, entering the single open archway onto the eighteenth floor within the social tower building, where a set of embedded light lamps illuminated the hallway from a heat signature, so she didn’t break a leg in the long gown. None of the archways contained a metal or wooden door, except for the Assembly Hall. She didn’t understand why the Assembly Hall, since the room was constantly used the most by the group of teen royals during a lesson session.
Inside the hallway of the Art Hall of four stories tall, she slowly moving ahead down an empty hallway without another royal prince and princess, where the walls were dotted with a set of various colorful art pieces from a tiny portrait up to a tall poster-size. She nervously patted both arms with a set of manicured fingernails with nervousness of the upcoming Public Presentation play, with curious of the art works, and with worry of the servants. Another servant had died last night, collapsing over the hard floor during dinner. All the servants looked old and tired, needing more rest and food. Pelf did not perform a set of domestic chores or steer an airship or practice beating a dummy with a silly shaft. She enjoyed reading poems, dancing around inside around her private room, and watching the lightning bolts form into an array of funny shapes in the skyline. But tonight, her mind was disturbed and off balance and as her body felt cold and chilled.
She continued to stare with a puzzled brow and a soft whisper for her eardrums at the first individual piece of art work on the wall. “Where is the letter? I know that I saw a distinct shaped letter this afternoon inside some of the paintings. Well, I don’t a letter now. It could be down the hall in the second art painting,” she slowly side stepped to the next art work and stared at the second painting of sideways colors of green, yellow, pink, and purple without a face or an animal or an object.” Pelf felt nervousness, excited, and anxious, crossing both biceps around her breasts. She had left the Dinner Hall with the feeling of panic without understanding her jumbled feelings.
Well, she did understand her jumbled up feelings. She was the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand. She was to select her husband first before her second royal sister princess Nixie which sounded like fun. As the first royal princess, her dreams, desires, and demands came first.
However, each royal must participate within the Time of Recognition. It was a day inside the assembly hall in front of the entire populous on the single continent where each first royal princess or first royal prince would choose a mate for life to marry and produce the next heir. The terrible catch was that the selected mate could reject the sweet offer of the first royal princess or first royal prince in front of the populous which was a big red-faced humiliation reaction.
And that embarrassing action did occur on occasion and had occurred eighteen years ago.
To make all the young teen royals more nervous, first royal teen Princess Pelf would not necessarily go first to announce her selected choice for a mate. She could theoretically be asked to voice a lifetime mate last. Then she would end up with the last royal prince within the traditional ritual.
This was the late week with the set of the last academic royal sessions. Yesterday, all the teen royals had selected the play Nab, the Numb to reenact for the annual Public Presentation to please the populous of the people. This afternoon, each royal had called aloud a role part within the play. So, the play would be presented at the end of the week. Then, each teen royal would decide and choose a life time mate within the Time of Remembrance right after the play.
Pelf continued to stand and stare at the art work, feeling nervous, frighten, and cold. “Well, I don’t see with my naked eyeballs or my neurons a distinct alphabetic letter here either. It could be down the hall in the third art painting,” she slowly side stepped to the next art work and stared at next picture without seeing a face or an animal or an object with a sour frown and puff of frustration. “No, I don’t see a letter here either,” she spun around and stared at the opposite wall of numerous single art works with a puzzled brow, examining the painting of black, brown, and yellow wiggling lines. “Not there either!” she tossed both arms into the air with a sour frown. “Well, I am going crazy then with stress and worry,” she spun around and slowly moved ahead, looking down at the arm patch, tapping on the red colored metal. The arm patch showed one of the art pieces, where she had snapped a particular picture this afternoon during the lesson session, and then stored it inside the arm patch. It was the same painting which didn’t have a signed artist. 
Pelf couldn’t find the artist of the mysterious painting within the numerous electronic gallery selections of paintings, portraits and drawings that were all recorded by the Kingdom of the Wind where an artist lived and worked for a food wagon and a kart of clothing. “You are here on the wall but not here inside the electronic gallery. Why is that, art painting?” She continued down the hallway of displayed art pieces and tapped down on the arm patch with a puzzled brow. “I knew that I saw a letter. There!” She halted with a gasp and turned with a smile to face the single art work of glistening purple, pink, and orange lines, examining the art work with a gasp of shock. “Wait! I saw it. I saw something. Inside the art work, I saw a distinct shape of a letter. But I can’t see now. Yes, I am going crazy from stress,” she exhaled with a puff of annoyance and turned back, looking down at the arm patch, slowly moving down the hallway with a sour frown, stopping in place. “Okay. I see something like a letter inside the art work but my eyeballs are facing the end of the dark hallway. This is really creepy and colorful and cool!”
She slowly back pedaled in a backward motion down the same hallway and as her eyeballs stared and focused her vision ahead into the darkness of the new set of staircase on the other end of the hallway. Her peripheral vision clearly saw a number and as she halted without staring at the object. “I see the number three. Okay. This is really weird that I can see an image on the side of my face. I am not crazy. Are there more numbers that are hidden within a different painting?” She slowly back pedaled in a backward motion down the same hallway and as her eyeballs stared ahead at the darkness of the other staircase. Her peripheral vision clearly saw the letter V as and she halted in place with a gasp. “Yes, there is a letter there inside a different art painting. It is the letter V. Okay. Someone is having fun with me. What I am determined to find out the secret?”
Pelf slowly moved backward on the same hallway and as her eyeballs stared ahead at the open and dark staircase on the other end of the hallway. She stopped at the first art painting with a puff of confusion. “Okay. I found four complete images inside four different art pieces that displayed the number three, the letter V, the letter A, and the number five. What does that mean? Well, it means nothing to me. Okay. A little kid drew each art painting for fun, since a child cannot write properly. So, there is the answer, princess,” she laughed with a nod and as her eyeballs stared ahead at the opposite end of the hallway. Then her peripheral vision clearly saw the number three on the opposite wall of numerous art painting and as she gasped in shock. “Okay. This is creepy and colorful. There is the number three inside a different art painting on the opposite side of the other art painting for some reason,” she slowly moved forward over the same hallway and advanced beside numerous art paintings and halted with a gasp. Her peripheral vision clearly saw a new letter inside a different art painting. “Now my side view sees the letter W. Okay. Someone is really abusing me. What does this all mean?” She slowly advanced ahead as her eyeballs stared into the darkness of the staircase. Her peripheral vision did not see any more images or faces or letters or number within the rest of the individual art paintings. She stopped at the end of the hallway near the staircase without leaving the Art Hall. “Okay. There are not more paintings with an individual silly image. So, it is fun and games for someone like me. No one lives here inside the social tower building but the creepy life-sized granite statues,” she spun around and examined each wall. There were thirteen rows of numerous individual art pieces of colorful paintings in varied sizes from tiny up toward tall that occupied every inch of both walls which were mounted all up the way to the ceiling like someone could see and enjoy the art work near the rafters.
Pelf frowned with a nod at each wall. “So I am going to solve this mystery right now and right there by identifying the unknown artist of the strange art pieces. I bet the name of the artist is behind the art work,” she slowly moved ahead and as her eyeballs stared at the opposite end of the hallway. Her peripheral vision saw the first image within the first of four identified individual art paintings. She stopped in place and turned to face the wall, reaching out and touched the sides of eh naked art work without a wooden or metal frame for beauty, gently tugging on the painting, lifting it from the naked wall with a loud grunt. The painting easily dropped down into her hands. She flipped the art work around and looked for a name of the artist. “No name! Okay. It really is a child’s art piece,” she looked up with a puzzled brow and stared at the mounted art piece of wild wiggling lines of dark blue and white next to the empty spot on the wall. “The artist is a set of initials. I don’t know a native’s personal initials. Okay. This is a piece of child art work,” she reached over and re-mounted the painting onto the single nail in the wall with a soft grunt, slapping both hands with the pretend dirt and a smile. “Okay. My mystery is solved. I can go back to my suite for the night and do something not fun,” she slowly side stepped down the wall and studied each art painting, seeing a set of initials in the lower corner. “Hmm! Each art painting is labeled with a different set of initials, except the art painting with an image of the number three in the center of the colorful canvas. Why is that?” She stopped and reached out, touching a new piece of art, yanking on the sides of the canvas without lifting it from the wall with a loud grunt. “It didn’t move. That’s strange!” She looked up with a puzzled brow to see each art piece above that particular painting within the column that soared toward the ceiling. “Each painting has a set of initials also,” she reached up and touched the edge of the above painting, trying to yank it off the wall paint with a loud grunt of failure. “It is really stuck on the wall.” She dropped both arms and side stepped to the next painting lifting both hands and tried to yank the art piece off the wall also with a loud grunt and a puzzled brow. “This one is stuck onto the wall too with a set of initials. Okay. The non-stuck and loose art piece is not completed. It lacks a set of artist initials. The mystery is solved again,” gigging.
She back stepped and spun to face the dark staircase, moving ahead toward the exit of the social tower building with a smile. Her peripheral vision saw the art painting with the letter V. She stopped and turned to face the painting with a puzzled brow. “There isn’t a set of initials on this painting either. And it displayed the letter V inside the middle of the canvas,” she reached out and touched, grabbing the sides of the panting, easily lifting it from the wall with a gasp, “Hmm! It is not stuck either. That is creepy and colorful!” Pelf flipped the art work around between her hands without finding an identification mark of the artist and re-hung the art work, side stepping in the opposite direction to the next art piece, reaching out and touché the sides, jerking on the painting with a loud grunt. “It is nailed onto the wall good. Okay. All six new pieces of art work have a new home and my mind is not crazy. I like the new painting. I wonder if my parents would allow me to hang one inside my room,” she back stepped from the painting with a smile and a nod. “Yeah, I can inquire tomorrow morning at breakfast time,” she reached down and gathered the long dress which as a requirement for dinner with her parents into a waddled cloth ball, dashing ahead with a smile, moving toward the staircase to exit the social tower for her personal social tower to sleep and as her eyeballs stared at the staircase. Her peripheral vision saw each new piece of art painting that display the letters of V, A, and two sets of number five and as her neurons interrupted a different image.
She halted and skidded in the pair of summer heeled sandals with a gasp in front of the open archway. Then she ran backwards down the same hallway and as her eyeballs stared into the darkness of the same staircase. She skidded to a halt in place in front of the opposite staircase with a gasp.
Pelf ran forward at a faster pace with a grunt and as her eyeballs stared ahead at the dark staircase. Her peripheral vision saw the five new pieces of art painting that display the number five, the letter A, the letter V, and the number five on one side of the wall. On the opposite side of the wall, each new piece of art painting showed the number W and the number five and as her neurons interrupted a different image.
She halted and skidded in place with a gasp in front of the staircase and a soft whisper. “My mind sees the image read together and form a single phrase: 5AV3. That doesn’t make any sense to me. The other side wall shows the two images running together as 3W. What does that mean either? Is that a real word?” She gasped. “If I substitute the number five for a letter that is similar to an alphabetic letter, the letter S would nicely substitute for the same curves. Then the running phrase reads SAV3. So, the number three must be drawn backward for some reason. The number three is the letter E,” gasping. “The letters spell out: save,” Pelf run backwards and as her eyeballs stared at the staircase. Her peripheral vision saw the two new pieces of art painting that display the number three and the letter W on opposite side of the wall and as her neurons interrupted a different image. She skidded with a halt in place with a gasp in front of the entrance of the open archway and the dark staircase. “The two separate words spell out: save we,” she turned and moved to the wall, scanning each art work for the initials and stopped at the one without a set of initial, reaching out and lifted the art work from the wall with a gasp. “The newest piece of art work is newly painted with an array of rich and vivid colors of oil. The rest of the paintings are old with a set of dried paint that is flaking off the canvas and falling down over the clean floor,” her foot reached out from underneath the gown and stomped down on top of set of numerous tiny flaked off dried piece of paint.
She re-hung the new piece of art work with a worried brow. “Yes, this is clearly a help message for anyone, for me. Someone had moved and re-nailed each piece onto the wall for an eyeball at the chin level. If not, I would have missed the secret and encrypted message also. Yes, it is not save we. It is save us. Who is us? I don’t know. Where is us? I don’t know. But they clearly live here inside the social town building and need help. The newest art pieces pull together a help message. Why? How long? Where? Tell my parents. No, my parents are mean and unkind.
“Well, my mother is the meanest bitch within the Confederation. I will never tell them. I could tell Modoc. He is nice to me. No, he will tell his parents, who will tell my parents. So, I must help them. I can do this. Start at the top with the Assembly Hall. Yes, go and search inside the Assembly Hall.” She shook her curls with a sour frown. “No, it is empty, except for all the life-sized creepy statues of dead royals.”
The top floor inside the social tower building held the Assembly Hall. The four walls were made of transparency glass that allowed the beauty of the flashing bolts of light to illuminate inside each wall. On the smooth floor base between all the glass windows, there stood an individual vertical block of tan tinted granite that held a life-sized statue which was made from an assortment of tan and beige colored sand crystals, also. Each life-sized statue represented the deceased royal member of each kingdom, standing between the glass panels, wearing an ancient stiff and formal attire of yesteryear.
The center of the room held rows of elevated throne chairs that represented each prince or princess and their associated kingdom. Each throne chair could be accessed by a short staircase that held either three or four or two steps. Some of the throne chairs were decorated with a single stiff kingdom flags on each side of the back rest for fun that designate their kingdom. Some of the other throne chairs showed a double-seated for two individuals to share for sniggers. Some of the throne chairs displayed a set of colored banners on the bottom edge of the platform between the steps of the staircase for more fun.
Each royal teen learned a set of academic subjects, such as, mathematics, science, and literature inside the classroom environment. Outside the classroom environment, each royal teen learned about each other within the social atmosphere with a set of guardian guards for protection and privacy during the daylight and early evening until dismissed for the night.
The perfectly square shaped auditorium room was called the Assembly Hall. No less for a royal room filled with a set of princesses and princes. There was not a line of elegant dancers twisting and twirling around over the smooth floor in front of the rows of elevated throne chairs, dancing to the soft music. There was not a line of guards marching between two dancers and twirling the shaft up, down, and sideways, and out of sync with the soft music, but in a military routine in front of each glass pane. The Assembly Hall served as the classroom to education the young royals, who would eventually become the ruler of their home world at the eighteenth year of the royal birth.
Each royal sat inside a personalized individual throne chair that exhibited a set of hand crafted wooden symbols over the chair which signified the royal house. A few chairs displayed a royal colorful flag between a set of the tall and upright extended rear poles on the back rest of each throne chair.
Some of the throne chairs held a set of royal banners for fun also. The flags slightly wavered and wiggled on the side of the staircase that led toward the royal seat of each throne chair.
Each line consisted of individual throne chairs that formed a funny looking row that was scattered in front of three of walls.
Third-fourths measurement of each wall was made from tan colored sand grains that twinkled and winked at each royal during class. At the bottom of each wall, there was a row of white granite tinted individual statues. Each life-sized statue resembled a former and dead royal, wearing a white tinted granite ancient costume of the death period from centuries ago. The upper part of the wall was made of smooth glass which occupied one-fourth of each wall, showing off each lightning bolt in the color of bright yellow, coming from the continuous heat storm that didn’t contain loud sounding thunder or a sheet of raindrops.
On the floor, there was an individual staircase of steps which up into the throne chair which slightly separated each throne chair from the royal for pomp and drama, not academic purposes.
The highest staircase within any row belonged to the first royal of each kingdom which contained a series of seven individual steps, since the number six was an unlucky number. The second royal sat an ass inside an individual throne chair that went up six individual steps, since second place sucked for everyone.
Actually, the set of second and third royal teens sat inside an individual throne chair that went up six individual steps, since misery of the unlucky loved company.
Thus, each row of weird elevated throne chairs stood upright at various heights within the air waves and faced the educator as each royal teen gossiped about the latest event within the Confederation. To gossip, each royal teen was dressed based on the current style of the royal court, a face patch.
Inside the Art Hall corridor, Pelf reached down and gathered the dress hem with a nod and a stern face, back stepping from the new painting on the wall and turned, moving ahead toward the staircase with a whisper. “The Dinner Hall is below us. I just came from there. There are not any cold spots to hide and live inside the four solid walls or over an open floor or underneath an eating table. So, the natives in distress for saving are must live inside the Bath Hall. Yeah, I will go and find them, whoever they are,” she entered the staircase and turned to the side, slowly moving down the steps to the next open archway of the Bath Hall.
The social tower building was 29 stories high that overlooked the beautiful dark blue waters of the Great Ocean. The Great Ocean soared for miles and miles to the eastern horizon without touching a landscape for days and days. Pelf had never seen the depths of the Great Ocean, only the tan colored sandy shoreline. However, the eastern window only displayed the yellow streaks of lightning. It was like the ancient imperators of the past didn’t want the natives to see beyond the sands of the Confederation.
When Pelf was the new Imperatoress, she would change that.
Inside the Social Tower Building, there was only a set of staircase on each end of the building for transporting up and down into one of the seven distinct floors that served a distinct purpose. Every tenth step moving upward or downward, the step was wide and long, so a couple of royals could stop and chat about the day’s events. 
She continued to move down each step and turned to the side, entering through the entrance door of the Bath Hall, and stopped, standing inside the archway. 
The Bath Hall was technically located on the fifth level inside the Social Tower building for the adult royals. It was rare for a teen royal to visit and enjoy a body massage.


6th floor level
Bath Hall location
Hot steam and wet floors
Interior setting


The room was a square shape of tan colored hard walls and four stories tall with one-fourth of the wall made of glass to show off the array of individual yellow lightning strikes that streaked across the blue skyline during the day and nighttime hours.
There were two rows made of individual long hard tables that could hold one outstretched naked body. The flood of white heated steam covered the walls, the floor, the tables, the air waves, and the face of Pelf. She coughed in the heated air and exhaled with a sweaty face.
A male royal will rest on top of a long table in the nude while a pair of firm and warm hands will massage a certain body part with a slight grunt of the motion.
The hands belonged to a slave girl, who hailed from the geographical arena which was known as the Freelands and not part of the Confederation. Each slave girl entertained each male or female royal with a hand massage. She wore a long and sleeveless white dress over a tall body of naked dark tinted skin with a head of black colored long hair in a tight ponytail and a pair of blue and white swirling eyeballs. She was blind, but used her firm hands to see, taste, and feel.
Pelf did not know any of the slave girls but she had seen them come and go with ease around the sands of the royal towers, even with blindness. The group of slave girls lived far behind the scattered row of servant sand castles. Pelf knew the mountainous region of the Freelands resided far, far away behind the landscape of the Kingdom of the Wind, but she had never visited there before. And she didn’t understand why the Freelands would trade a female for a wagon of metal components either. The human sale barter was vile and mean, so when she was the new Imperatoress, she would stop all that slave trade and open the royal line of communication for something different.
Within the Kingdom of the Sand, the tan colored Social Tower Building stood tall within the tan colored sands between the two shorelines of the Delta salt water and the dark blue Great Ocean like a high beacon which could be similar to a shoreline lighthouse. She guessed during the day, the 29th story windows reflected the sunlight to each passing ship through the ocean waters and at night, the window bounced by the moonlight rays back into the dark skyline for all sailors to see also.
Far behind and slightly beside the Social Tower Building, there were a set of scattered and clustered three and two story sand castles that exclusively belonged to the teen and the adult royals.
Further behind the royal sand castles, there were the five story sand castles without windows where the group of servants lived and thrived when not waiting on each royal.
Pelf slowly moved ahead between a series of rolling waves of heated white colored steam and turned, scanning all the walls, the windows, the ceiling, the floor, and each upright stationary massage table while coughing out all the heated air from a tight throat. She could not see any type of cubby hole or a hidden closet where another native could live in secret. She encircled the large room that held the floor width of Assembly Hall, since each floor was the same width but varied in height. She rotated around the floor one time with full satisfaction. No one lived here during the evening hours. She stood in front of the open archway and gathered the dress hem of the evening gown from dinner with her family with determination, exiting the Bath Hall.
She slowly moved down the steps and turned to the side, standing inside the Dinner Hall which was the fourth level inside the building.


Sand castle of seventeen-year-old Sedottie 
Third royal princess of the Kingdom of the Wind
2nd floor level
Princess bedroom setting


She danced side to side coming out from the bathroom with a hum and stopped, standing over the table of food, reaching out and grabbed a cool grape. She lifted and chewed the juicy fruit with a grin, moving ahead toward the open closet.
The bedroom style was a duplicate like the rest of the teen royals who lived inside in an individual social tower. The top floor was the sleeping chamber with a square shape. The bed mattress stood in the middle in front of the forward wall. On one side, there was huge walk-in closet for the clothing items next to a short chest of drawers for personal possessions. On top of each chest, there was a set of personal items of the teen from their native kingdom.
On the opposite side wall, there was a long table, where trays of food stood for an evening meal or snack which had been provided by the assigned servants of the Kingdom of the Sand. There wasn’t a sitting chair or an eating table, since these furniture items resided down below inside the living room space on the second floor. Thus, the bedroom was used for slumber and fun.
In the wall corners of the bedroom, she brought a memento from her native kingdom. A tall container of glass held a small piece of the whipping vine. The purple colored vine was a tiny stem when Sedottie first moved into the social tower at the age of fourteen years. Now, the vine was slowly suffocating from the lack of air and the sunlight rays inside the tall glass container from years of growing and whipping the tips against the glass. The glass nicely contained the vine without harming a person.
She entered the closet archway and stopped, standing in the middle of three walls of clothing and reached up, picking out the green dress, sliding it down in front of her body, and looked in the mirror with a frown. “No.” She tossed the green dress to the side and reached up, lifting off a blue dress and slid it down in front of her outer body, staring in the mirror with a frown. “No,” she repeated the procedure while searching for the perfect with her date with Zeebac.
She was Sedottie who was the third royal princess of the Kingdom of the Wind and sister in duplicate appearance to first royal princess Ovilla, but no other royal seemed to notice or care. Sedottie was tall with a slender body frame and a set of long fingers on a pair of elegant hands for drawing or dancing, which was convenient. Every day, she wore a tight fitting sheath dress that fell down to the kneecaps with a pair of spiked heels showing off her set of long and lean legs. She possessed a head of thin lightest blonde locks of hair with glowing pale skin tone with a set of green eyeballs and a set of buck teeth like her sister Ovilla but no other royal seemed to notice or care.
The Kingdom of the Wind was a flat forestland sight of miles and miles of tall red tinted barked trees with varied shaped pink tinted tiny leaves, scattered groups of short dark green or bright orange plant bushes, colorful rows of wildflowers, beams of yellow sunrays, and peeks of blue skyline. The natives lived and thrived inside a tree house that was covered with a natural canopy of tree limbs which consisted of dancers of music, artists of painting, and writers of poems. Her mother Marquee Jennessee was the ruler. Her father was Marquise Fallacious was a poet of love poems who enjoyed freedom as a royal and his wife as a royal ruler.
Her sister Ovilla was destined to become the next Marquee when their biological mother Jennessee retired without a fight or a fright or a bump or a bruise. Then, Ovilla would create and choreograph the same old dance routines and entertain the same old galaxy natives until her retirement date at the age of forty years, living a simple life behind the shadow of her future princess daughter.
The Kingdom of the Wind had always and will always be ruled by a princess female.
The life of dancer was very short which lasted for twenty years, since the body was pounded and bruised from a set of high energy activity of daily live performances. No life form wanted to see one single piece of an audio and visual tech tag that were recorded of a past performance.
Her brother Exmore was the lucky Wind royal, possessing a slender body for dance and a set of long fingers for drawing, also. He would not inherit the windy and vast bright and lush forestland of trees or carrying on the responsibility of dance entertainment within the Confederation.  Thus, he must marry another princess or become a dancer within a new unit on his home kingdom. Or Exmore could marry another dancer and still performed part of the dance company.
The purpose of Royal Academy was to pair each royal with a mate. The mate married and moved away from their native home world to live and rule as the new royal couple within the chosen kingdom. Every teen female was an inherited princess. Every teen male was an inherited prince.
However, Sedottie had already selected her life time mate Zeebac, the third royal prince of the Kingdom of the Sun before the completion of the Public Presentation.
The Royal Academy was an institution of learning, teaching, and molding a princess and a prince into the next royal couple. The teens represented all the thriving worlds of the Confederation.
The labor class was composed of the workers that worked a job for food, shelter, clothing, and working and waiting on the princess and prince couple. The Royal Academy was created for a prince or a princess to choose a mate, keeping the Confederation which had lasted for centuries.
Each royal teen learned a set of academic subjects, such as, mathematics, science, and literature inside the classroom environment. Outside the classroom environment, each royal teen learned about each other within the social atmosphere with a set of guardian guards for protection and privacy during the daylight and early evening until dismissed for the night.
Now, inside her private social tower building, she continued to stand inside the closet and select the next beautiful short dress to go and see her selected mate. She had finished the required meal time togetherness with her family members, where no royal listened to Sedottie.
Her sister Ovilla boasted and bragged about her accomplishments during the meal time saga as usual. She had voiced and received the role of the witch within the play which was called Nab, the Numb. The witch had the most action and reaction with the populous of the people which would ensure her the first pick performer of the play.
Throughout the years, the first pick performer of the Public Presentation always became the new Imperatoress or the new Imperator of the Kingdom of the Sands and then new co-ruler of the Confederation. Since, the mate was the son or the daughter of the Kingdom of the Land.
But she enjoyed eating with Zeebac during the late hours of the nighttime. She reached out and selected a bright orange and mint green colored short dress with the green tinted sandal spiked heels with a smile and a nod to the mirror.
The door sounded with a loud knock.
Sedottie spun around with a smile and dashed out the closet, moving ahead toward the closed door, stopping, and opened the door with a giggle. “O!” 
A tall golden colored person stood in front the archway, wearing a face mask in the form of golden tinted helmet. The face mask held a drawing that showed a pair of outlined eye sockets with a single solid black eyeball. Two straight black tinted lines represented a pair of nose holes within the golden background. There was a set of closed lips that were outlined in rich black also over the golden metal. The stranger was tall and dressed in a golden colored body gear with a tunic and a pair of trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching golden colored boots, holding a light stick of yellow hues in a right hand.
Sedottie giggled with a grin. “I forgot that ugly and smelly black cape. I’ll be right back,” she back stepped and stared with a smile at the stranger. “Let me get the cape. I need for the event. Are you one of the newest guards from the Kingdom of the Sun? I have never seen you. Well, I can’t see you. Your face is enclosed. You are wearing an enclosed metal helmet o god. It looks cool! Are you my new escort? It is so sweet of Zeebac to worry about my safety.”
The golden strange moved ahead through the archway and stopped, standing a few feet inside the room. “Are you my child?”
She stopped and stood beside the open closet with a smile, “Of course not, stranger! I am a royal princess, the daughter of Marquee Jennessee and Marque Fallacious We live inside the Kingdom of the Wind. I have a sister named Ovilla and a brother named Exmore. I see that need to educate you with my royal personage,” she reached inside and grabbed the black cape, flinging it over the collar bone with a giggle. “The natives of the Wind are dancers of music, artists of painting, and writers of poems.  I am trained as a dancer like my mother Marquee Jennessee,” she shoved a body sideways from the open archway of the closet with a giggle and extended by arms and wiggled her hands with a grin. The long oversized cape draped down from both her arms toward the floor and parted open, showing off her long legs and sparkling sandals. She lifted on the tips of both shoes and glided sideways across the hard surface with a grin toward the other side of the room. “I am a dancer like the wind,” she danced across the room and stopped before reaching the opposite wall, continuing to extend both arms with a smile, spinning around with ease within the long cape. She ran sideways toward the neatly made bed mattress and leaped into the air, landing on top of the soft mattress with a giggle and slowly spun around with a giggle, bowing at the waistline. She stood upright with a smile. “Do you like my performance?”
“Are you my child?”
She exhaled, “No, silly! I am a dancer. Did you like my dance?”
“Are you my child?”
She exhaled. “Let me show-off some more!” She jumped up and down over the mattress with ease as the cape flared side to side and exposed the upper and lower body. She continued to extend both hands and added the extension of both legs, leaping into the air, spreading both legs in the opposite direction with a smile and dropped back down over the bed with a giggle. She continued to repeat the dance move repeatedly while messing up the neat bed covers with a giggle. “I am a bird of the sky.”
“Are you my child?”
“I am a bird in flight,” she twirled around in the air and continued to bounce up into the air and down over the flat mattress, moving toward the edge and bounced into the air, swirling around to face the wall corner, and hit the glass container. She slammed a cheekbone into the glass and dropped backward, falling down on the hard surface a loud grunt. “Ouch! I am a land rock,” giggling. The glass cracked with the sound of a tiny ting. She continued to rest over the floor with a sour frown and a matching tone, lifting an arm, wiggling all the fingers in the air. “Well, come over here and help me to stand right now, guard!”
“Alas! You are not my child.” The stranger slowly extended an arm even with the hard surface of the floor and reared back, twisting the wrist bone, and released the shaft from the cupped hand. The shaft flew across the room sideways and hit the cracked glass with precision, ricocheting off the solid glass container, landing down on top of the bed mattress in silence.
An array of tiny glass fragments slid down out from the cracked container and dropped off, falling on top of the waddled up thick black colored cape that Sedottie continued to wear. She gasped at the tiny splitting cracks inside the upright glass container.” What? You hit the glass with your shaft,” she gasped. “The glass is cracking more. There is a tiny hole. O no! The tip of the vine is whipping back and forth inside its container while attaching the crack in the glass with air molecules. Stupid, guard! The whipping purple colored vine will open with a crack using the tiny tip. Come over here and help me to stand, guard! I am wrapped and bundled into the cape like a blanket. I can’t reach both my hands,” she wiggled side to side, trying to find an opening within the bundle of rich black materials with a loud sigh. “Now, guard!”
The tip whipped back and forth, cracking a larger opening through the glass with a sound of louder tings, crawling out of the glass cage for fresh air molecules and the tiny rays of bright moonlight that beamed down from the upper glass windows. The tip whipped back and forth side to side, widening the crack into an extreme larger opening with the sound of loud pings. The glass fragments continued to split and crack, landing on top of the black cape.
She growled and struggled side to side over the floor inside the wad of black fabric with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Get over here now, guard.”
The stranger moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the bed mattress, leaning over and grabbed the shaft, storing it back on the utility belt in silence.
A second sharp tip from the full grown purple colored whipping vine broke through the cracked glass and wiggled side to side, slapping the ceiling and then the side wall.
The stranger stood in place and stared down at the rear skull of Sedottie. She sneered with angry at the golden helmet, looking upside down at the upright up guard. “You are useless to me. I can’t get out from the waddled up cloth cape. Go and get my royal prince Zeebac right now! He will help me and deal with you. Go right now!”
A third tip from the full grown purple colored whipping vine broke free through the larger portion of the cracked glass and wiggles side to side, slapping the ceiling and then each side of the perpendicular walls with a sound of loud pops.
The first tip reached out from the crack glass over the body of Sedottie and then slapped down on top of the soft fabric, slicing a set of individual tiny holes into the bed spread with the sound of soft swishes. It bounced up and down into the air and back down on top of the soft fabric, tearing more fabric off the bed spread.
The stranger stood in place and stared down at the rear skull of Sedottie. The first tip bounced up into the air and down onto the expose pale tinted neck of Sedottie, cutting the tender skin. She screamed with sobs and tears of pain, “Get Zeebac, now!” The first tip of the whipping vine lifted into the air and down onto the arm of Sedottie tearing the black cape fabric, slicing into her skin. She screamed with sobs and tears in more pain. “Help me now!”
The second tip of the whipping vine wiggled into the air and dropped down, slapping on top of the black cape, cutting into the exposed right leg of Sedottie. Then, the third tip on the whipping vine slammed into the ceiling and dropped down, tearing into the black cape, slicing into the exposed left foot of Sedottie. She screamed in sobs and tears of more pain. “Help me! It hurts. The tip will kill me. I am trapped. Ah!” More of the biting sharp tips coming out from the fully grown whipping vine broke through the more cracked sections of the glass container and lifted into the air, smashing up into the ceiling and then over into the side wall, dropping down bits of paint flakes over the floor and Sedottie. She screamed in terror. “Help me, guard!” The numerous sharp whipping tips soared downward and cut into the thick fabric of the black cape. Each tip sliced into a body part of exposed skin on Sedottie as she cried and screamed in pain and terror.
A few seconds later, the numerous sharp tips of the single purple colored whipping vine continued to wiggle into the air and then dropped down, slicing down into the tore cape, cutting into new skin or the same open wound of Sedottie. She didn’t wiggle side to side or scream with fear anymore, since in death the body didn’t feel pain.
The stranger spun around with a sigh of disappointment and exited the bedroom, moving down the staircase, exiting from the sand castle of third royal princess Sedottie. “You are not my child.”


9th hour (mid-eve)


Kingdom of the Sand


5th floor level
Library Hall location
Four solid walls of book and empty writing tables


The Library Hall was four stories tall and contained a set of solid four walls, where a pair of eyeballs could see a book or empty writing table or the annoying royal next to you.
The layout of the room held a single chair and a short writing table in rows inside the middle of the room to study all the royal lesson assignments.
Against each solid wall, there were a series of built-in numerous tiny shelves that held a set of numerous colorful metal types of arm and a matching face patch for historical and current information.
First royal princess Pelf from the Kingdom of the Sands turned and scanned each writing table, without looking underneath each wooden underbelly without seeing a ghost with a giggle. The ghosts lived inside the Assembly Hall.
She exhaled with a puff of frustration and quickly thought about retiring back into her personal sand castle but she would be bored inside the room without nothing to do but study for her role within the Nab, the Numb play here inside the library hall.
Pelf spun around and slid over the floor, moving down the staircase to the third level, the Social Hall.


Sand castle of seventeen-year-old Zeebac
Third royal prince of the Kingdom of the Sun
2nd floor level
Prince bedroom setting


Zeebac was a head taller than the rest of the other males like his two biological royal brothers with a set of board shoulders, a pair of blue eyes. The twinkling blue eyeballs allowed him and the other natives to shine and see within the darkness at night on his home land, the Kingdom of the Sun. He wore a long ponytail behind the nape of his neck in the color of rich black. His face was clean shaven with a set of loop earrings, dangling from inside both earlobes. And a single looped ring hung down between the nose holes, creating great pain, when he smiled. Thus, Zeebac did not smile. His body frame possessed a tone of light brown skin. The right side of his chest cavity going down to the waist line held an array of colorful tattoos, marking him the third highest rank of prince within the Kingdom of the Sun.
Each native of the Kingdom of the Sun displayed an array of tattoos, since the age of four years old. The age of four years was selected as the controlling point for any misplaced ugly and rude behavior. Every time a young child had misbehaved, a tattoo was burned into the skin, starting with the bicep of the right arm. Some of the younger and the older male and female natives displayed an assortment of colorful tattoos, including both facial cheekbones, both arms, both sides of the chest cavity, the complete back spine, and both legs, including both feet.
Once the entire body had been adorned with an array of colorful tattoos for each misbehaving act, the native was declared a trouble maker and was finally released into the darkness for a final punishment of the last nasty deed.
The Kingdom of the Sun was not a nickname. The land terrain was colored in orange dry and heated desert which was burnt each day from the bright yellow and heated sunlight. The day time air temperatures rose upward and extended over the one hundred and twenty degrees. Thus, a native or a creature could survive during the daylight hours.
At night, the air temperatures held around a cooler one hundred and six degrees, allowing the native species to roam for food and companionship.
At the age of twelve, the native was released out into the harsh, dry, and deadly desert terrain during the Time of Maturity ritual. If the desert did not kill you, then you became an official native of the Kingdom of the Sun. If the desert killed you, then you became instant food for the only living wildlife, the beetles.
A home consisted of an assortment of numerous dried beetle shells with a set of fist-sized air holes. The house formed a tall triangle into the skyline that allowed for constant air flow and individual compartment space for each family member. The air temperature was dry and hot. The air wind was non-existent. Thus, a home structure provided both warm and comfort from the hot day.
His father, Princelet Zitgestum was the ruler of the lands, except when his wife Princeletess Glay vetoed and overruled all his princely decisions inside the throne room and outside on the training fields, since the Kingdom of the Sun had a female leader, since the beginning of time.
Zeebac reached up and jerked off the orange colored mustache after he had said good night to his nosy parents, flicking it like a boogier onto the floor, slicking back the set of loose strands of black hair across the skull with a smile and a nod into the mirror inside the walk-in closet and back stepped from the mirror and stood upright into the bright lighted bedroom suite of his personal sand castle while waiting for his girl Sedottie. She was late. Well, she was always late while making his penis enlarge and lust for her more.
The door sounded with a loud knock.
Zeebac spun around with a smile and dashed ahead toward the closed door. Sedottie did not possess the correct DNA sweat which could open the bedroom door of the royal from the Kingdom of the Sun. He had left the downstairs entrance door cracked open for her entry but kept the bedroom door closed in case of something bad, since the weird tragedy death of the third royal teen Triddie from the Kingdom of the Lakes. He stopped and reached out, touching the door knob, twisting the waist bone with a grin.
The door opened and revealed a tall stranger. A tall golden colored stranger stood in front the archway, wearing a face mask in the form of golden tinted helmet. The face mask held a drawing that showed a pair of outlined eye sockets with a single solid black eyeball. Two straight black tinted lines represented a pair of nose holes within the golden background. There was a set of closed lips that were outlined in rich black also over the golden metal. The stranger was tall and dressed in a golden colored body gear with a tunic and a pair of trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching golden colored boots, holding a light stick of yellow hues in a right hand.
Zeebac nodded with a laugh, “That’s great costume, Qcraft! Did you find that old glittering gear inside the storage room of the Social Tower Building? I heard from some of the other male royals that there is ancient battle gear and super-duper old treasures in there, if you have time to mess around with the boxes and containers. I don’t have time really, since I have been entertaining Sedottie a lot.”
The stranger stared at Zeebac with a friendly timber. “Are you my child?”
Zeebac slapped a chest with a laugh and a nod. “Naw, I’m your brother, dummy. Is that golden helmet screwed on too tightly over your big fat skull? That’s a great guard costume for the Nab, the Numb play. I can’t believe that you beat Pio out of the trio guard unit. She talked about setting up all her royal sisters as the three guard units in the play. What for? She’s a metalist that twirls a mean shaft like a little girl. Me and you are trained as the true guard units of the Confederation. Pio has a pair of metal balls acting like a man all the time with her manly attitude and her mean shaft. Look! You need to go, Qcraft. I’m expecting my girl for the night.”
“Are you my child?”
Zeebac laughed, “Naw, bro! What princess are you fucking tonight?” The stranger moved inside with a sneer. Zeebac back stepped with a laugh and a nod, lifting both arms. “Come on, bro! You need to go and leave from here. Sedottie will come at any moment.” The stranger continued to move inside the bedroom space and lifted in front of a chest, twirling the shaft in a complete circle between both gloved hands as the shaft glowed in the color of yellow. Zeebac back stepped with a smile and a nod at the twirling shaft. “Wow! That ancient shaft is really cool. Where did you get it from our dad’s hut within the Sun? Will he be mad? Well, I guess not. Our mom will be madder if she finds out that you steal that item. You need to put it back like right now.”
The stranger stopped and slid the tip of the shaft down to one glove, lifting and swung the shaft horizontal into the chest of Zeebac. Zeebac arched the back spine and caved in the chest as the tip of the shaft missed his naked chest with a laugh. “You’re getting good with the shaft. I’ve never seen that move from you, Qcraft. Look! You need to leave right now, bro. Sedottie is going to be here with me any moment. She didn’t like any other eyewitnesses during our sex acts, if you know what I mean. So come on! Go…”
The shaft lifted and swirled the tip end around the golden helmet of the stranger with a soft whistle tone, extending the swing over the hair roots of Zeebac. Zeebac back stepped with a laugh and a nod. “That’s a good offensive move, brother! But I can’t practice with my shaft right now. My girl is coming over. O! None of the other princesses wanna fuck you tonight.” He lifted both palms into the air with a smile. “You can’t have my girl either. Go and hunt down queen whore Nixie. I bet she has already burned Modoc down to the nub, already,” laughing.
The stranger advanced ahead and dropped the shaft, holding the tip by a cupped hand, rotating the swing side to side beside each bicep and aimed the flying tip directly in the face of Zeebac. Zeebac bounced side to side and moved away from the tip of the swinging shaft with a chuckle. “That’s another good offensive move, too, bro! You can’t touch me. I’m too fast,” he continued to jump side to side and back stepped from the stranger with a chuckle. “Okay. Are you done with your fun? My girl is coming for my fun. Don’t make me tired before I get my hot passionate night of love making!”
The stranger advanced ahead and slid the tip of the shaft toward the floor, twirling it around in a completed circle near the boot toes of Zeebac. Zeebac jumped up and down from the floor to avoid the twirling swing of the shaft with a chuckle, landing on the third leap into the air on the top of the bed mattress while messing up the bedcovers. “That’s good, bro! Did you like my cool move? I leaped into the air and landed on top of the bed. At home, we couldn’t do that. Here, we can do anything,” he ran side to side over the soft mattress with a laugh as the stranger advanced to the edge of the bed and chopped the shaft up and down into the air and then side to side in front of the teen while trying to hit Zeebac. “You can’t touch me, bro! You can try and die, man!”
The young royal was fast and swift on a pair of booted feet, jumping up and down over the bed, bounding side to side over the soft mattress with a chuckle of fun. The strange didn’t advance onto the top of the bed mattress but continued to swing the tip of the shaft through the air waves at Zeebac.
Zeebac continued to bounce side and side with a laugh of fun and leaped backward into the all, smashing a rear skull into the mounted long glass container that crossed over the set of four pillows on top of the bed mattress with a grunt. He stopped and stood on top of the mattress, reaching back, and rubbed the developing knotty bump with a laugh. “That wasn’t fun! Okay. We are done here. You need…”
The glass container softly whistled with a set of tiny cracks as the air pressure exploded in the room and hit into the rear skull of Zeebac with force. He spun around with a sour frown and a gasp, lifting both palms and covered the tiny cracked glass. “O no! The container that holds all my beetles has a set of few visible tiny cracks. Geez! One or two of the man-eating beetles will escape and then our mom will beat my butt. Well, she’ll blister beat your butthole, since you brought in that nasty shaft which had caused my hard head to hit the delicate glass container,” laughing. “My head doesn’t hurt. Go and get the putty glue inside my bathroom floor. That stuff will clog up your heart valves. The cracks are starting to expand.” The air pressure slapped the face of Zeebac as he yelled with a pain. “Hurry up, Qcraft! My hands can’t hold all the cracks in place. Geez! Our mom warned me not to bring pets into my sand castle. These are not a team of pets. These are a set of vicious creatures that devour flesh and bone and blood of every woman, man, and child within the Confederation, since I captured and removed them from our lands of the Sun. If one of these little monsters gets out, then I will be in major trouble, losing my prince-hood forever. One man-eating beetle could eat off the ugly face of nasty Ovilla, not a bad idea. Then the Confederation would be spared from her princess rule. Get moving, Qcraft! Ouch! One of the pinchers of the beetles got my finger pad through the cracked glass. Get me the putty glue right now inside the bathroom floor!”
He exhaled with a huff of worry and pain. The open wound on the single finger was bleeding out a set of red blood proteins that made all the beetles hunger for food and flung ahead violently into the glass container. The container whistled loudly with a set of more air pressure cracks. He frowned with fury. “What are you doing inside my bathroom, pissing on top of clean floor, Qcraft? Bring me that putty glue now!”
The stranger stood in place and stared at the back spine of Zeebac and then the mounted long glass container on the wall. The interior space held hundreds of black and yellow colored tiny shaped beetles that rammed into the clear glass with a soft buzzing sound. Then the tiny cracks became a very long series of multiple openings within the glass container. A swarm of beetles flew outward through the big opening and latched onto the naked face and the naked chest of Zeebac. He yelled with fear and back stepped from the broken glass of the container on the wall, striking each beetle in the air, falling backward down on top of the soft mattress with worry and landed on a back spine while swatting off each beetle on the skin with a worried brow, “Get them off! They’re biting the set of pinchers into my skin. Ouch! Ou! Ouch! Get them off of me! They’re ripping off my skin. It burns. It stings. Qcraft, help me! Ou! Ouch! Get them off of me! Off! Off…” He continued to swat each beetle as more of the beetles broke through the numerous tiny openings and tumbled down, attacking the semi-naked body of Zeebac as he yelled with fear and pain.
The stranger back stepped from the bed mattress and lifted the shaft up into the air while striking down each flying beetle that came toward the helmet with ease as each tiny beetle disintegrated into a pile of red colored sizzling dust balls.
Finally, the glass container was empty of the creatures. The entire swarm of black and yellow beetles flew out and landed down, resting on top of the semi-naked body of death Zeebac, burrowing down into the fresh flesh, eating the bones and the blood while making a set of soft crunching sounds.
The stranger exhaled inside the helmet. “Alas! You are not my child,” the golden stranger back stepped and continued to watch the black and yellow colored beetles burrow down into the flesh, bones, and tissues of the death royal teen, spinning around to face the closed door and moved ahead, slamming open the closed door with a gloved hand, dashing down the staircase and exited the sand caste of royal Zeebac.


10th hour (late eve)

Kingdom of the Sand

4rd floor level location
Dinner Hall setting


Four walls of blue sky of lightning bolts and empty eating tables
The dinner hall was four stories tall and contained a set of four walls, where a pair of eyeballs could see the outside blue sky of lightning bolts or the high plate of food or the annoying royal next to them.
The layout of the room held a single long eating table that held fourteen chairs, one for each paired royal of each kingdom within the Confederation. There were six chairs on each side with a single chair on each square shaped end for Imperator Kung and Imperatoress Haildrameme during a royal social dinner.
In front of one single vertical eating table there were three horizontal eating tables that held seven chairs which represented each category of birthed teen royal from the first to the third. The head of the table sat Pelf on the first table and Nixie on the second table. The third table was empty, since Haildrameme only had two royal children.
Against each wall, there were long counters that held all the different and delicious trays of food, where a servant would attend and then serve to the sitting royal during any mealtime.
Around the four long eating tables, there was a set of square shaped four-person tables for fun and a series of tall two-person tables for privacy.
Pelf turned and scanned each table, looking underneath the wooden underbelly without seeing a mouse with a giggle. The sand mice enjoyed living outside, not inside the smooth granite floor of the building. She exhaled with a puff of frustration and quickly thought about retiring back into her personal sand castle but she would be bored inside the room without nothing to do but study for her role within the Nab, the Numb play.
Pelf spun around and slid over the floor, moving down the staircase to the third level, the Social Hall.


Sand castle setting of seventeen years old Mio
Third royal princess of the Kingdom of Fire
Princess suite setting


The Kingdom of the Fire is composed of underground pit. The underground pit is known as a pit cave which is a natural underground cavern of several miles that is predominantly a horizontal cave passage. Each entrance point runs flush with the flat hard ground in the neutral color of tan with a set of rock coated steps that does not require a metallic ladder or a piece of strong plant vine rope like the Kingdom of the Wind for ascend. The pit cave is made of thick layers of color hard rocks. The rocks are mined or chipped out from the wall. Then, the individual rock chunks are soaked in water until the individual pieces become a lump of soften particles that are lifted and then burned into another type of metal components for an airship to a cooking pot for all the natives of the Confederation.
There are six unique pit caves that represent the individual home residence for the natives from the Kingdom of the Fire, where the solid rock floor descended thirteen feet down into the earth. Within each pit cave, there are underground fresh water streams of water for drinking and a set of individual tiny cave rooms for a single individual. A native doesn’t have much of a family life, since one of the two family members dies from the burns of the fire or suffocate from the lack of oxygen. Thus, only the strongest metalists survive and thrive within the Kingdom of the Fire.
Within each underground pit, there is an individual cave which contains an individual fire pit. The fire pit has used for centuries as a ceremonial or celebratory occasion including a wedding where method primarily was utilized as an uncovered live-fire baking, which is a transitional design between the earth oven the food plates of mainly consists of raw dough bread, shellfish, vegetables, meat, potatoes, clams and seafood were heated over the rocks instead of hard clay or firebrick outdoor cooking.
The individual fire pit is naturally descended bed of hot and heated rock down in the ground that is not covered but exposed. The sheet of rock protects the fire from the soil. The fire pit is made underground by digging and shifting rock like a modern day oven. The pit stays heated from the protective shelter of the cave roof from rain and sunshine elements and does not smoke with enclosed wall into a heated pile of ashes.
Mio and Nio stood at the same height as their big sister Pio with a tone of glowing white tinted skin from living years underneath the metal pits. Sunlight did not penetrate the landmass. Each sister princess wore a dark blue cloak that protected some of the skin from the flaring sparks of the hot metal. The underground pits were very steamy and very heated. A body couldn’t be dressed in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death.
Thus, each male metalist wore a naked chest which allowed the heat to sweat off a heated face and body. A pair of loose trousers caught the set of flying metal sparks and burnt the loose fabric, not the tender flesh of the male. A pair of short heavy walking boots protected the feet that allowed the metalist to continue to work or not to eat. Each male wore a set of long hair on the sides of the face and down the back spine. If a piece of flying metal hit the hair strand, then burned off the group of hair strands, not the delicate face tissue. Thus, the hairy skull was marred in a series of pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the comb contained a blade. 
Each female wore a single band around the breasts for decency mostly. Some of the older female metalist went naked on the chest like the young males, since the chest and the breasts were deeply scarred beyond eyeball recognition, thus the long life of a metalist.
Each metalist worked with a pair of hands, not a mechanic ascension system of ropes or hooks, that dropped a handful of softened rock particles down into a pit of burning cold flames of fire. If the metalist lived that long inside the underground pit without dying from metal poisoning or metal scar burns or metal shrapnel penetration.
Each female wore a set of loose trousers to catch the flying metal debris and save the legs which hang over pair of heavy walking boots for the care of the foot. Each female wore a set of long hair over the face and down the back spine which was additional protection for the human body from the tiny sparks of flying heated metals. However, each bone skull was burn-marred like each male with a series of vertical and horizontal pink tinted burnt skin that naturally parted the hair which covered the entire scalp.
If a metalist lost one foot or both feet due to the metal burns, the metalist was killed on sight. The metalist was put down to rest inside the after-light. The underground pits required working on a good pair of legs with a good set of feet. A limp metalist could not tote and carry a tube of heavy metal components or assist with a single vat of heavy metal liquid.
Their father Baron Vetepurr was the owner of the all the underground pits as a head royal. He had three daughters in birthing order Pio, Mio, and Nio. Their metalist knowledge and skills required their full attention with a set of safety details for continuance of the metal component production which provided an assortment of metal parts for every mechanic item within the Confederation. Each daughter possesses an exposed and naked chest that was covered in a series of small to very large rusty colored scars from years of working inside the pits.
Inside the sand castle on the second floor, Mio and Nio stood in the middle of the room looking down a shaft with a smile. Nio laughed with a nod and lifted, raising the shaft near her smile. “We go and get your future husband Zeebac right now. I know that bitch Sedottie is flirting with him. The Kingdom of the Fire always marries the Kingdom of the Sun. Zeebac is going to send the rest of his life with me.”
Mio nodded with a smile. “Okay. Let’s go and first beat him up and then chat with him.” Nio laughed with a nod.
The door sounded with a slight knock.
Mio swung around to see the closed door with a sour frown. “That’s Pio. She’s here to annoy me about missing the twirl with the shaft again. So, don’t answer the door.”
Nio spun around and dashed to the closed door, opening the door, staring at the person with a laugh. “Pio, you look silly.”
“Are you my child?” A tall golden colored stranger stood in front the archway, wearing a face mask in the form of golden tinted helmet, staring directly at Nio. The face mask held a drawing that showed a pair of outlined eye sockets with a single solid black eyeball. Two straight black tinted lines represented a pair of nose holes within the golden background. There was a set of closed lips that were outlined in rich black also over the golden metal. The stranger was tall and dressed in a golden colored body gear with a tunic and a pair of trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching golden colored boots, holding a light stick of yellow hues in a right cupped hand.
“Hey, Pio!” Nio smiled with a laugh. “I like your ancient battle gear, Pio. Where do you get it from our dad’s closet?”
The stranger said to Nio again. “Are you my child?”
Mio frowned. “Go away from my sand castle for the night, Pio! You look weird. And don’t start again with my twirling error with the shaft, this afternoon on top of the river barge, either.”
“I’ll protect you, sister princess. En guard, Pio!” Nio back stepped with a grin and stopped in the middle of the room between the bed and the entrance wall, folding over at a fit waist, whipping out and lifted her shaft between the eyebrows with a pretend sneer at her sister Pio. “Okay. Charge at me, Pio?”
The stranger moved ahead inside the bedroom and stopped a few feet from Nio, lifting and twirled the shaft in front of the golden plated chest with a smirk behind the golden helmet. The shaft preformed a set of swift verticals whirls over and over in front of the chest plate which was an advanced protection shield over the body from an upcoming attack or attacker.
Mio stood in place and slid the big tip of the rod down to a cupped hand, lifting on her toes in the air and the shaft over a bald skull, twirling a body around on one boot toe with a giggle. Her shaft rotated around above her hair roots and then slapped into one of the vertical whirls near the shoulder of the rotating shaft that came from the golden colored stranger where Mio thought was her big sister Pio. She giggled with a grin. “You’re really good, Pio.”
Nio extended her shaft forward and whipped the end of the rod side to side while trying to attack the golden plated legs of the stranger, where she thought was her big sister Pio. The stranger rotated a body chest of golden metal side to side from Mio and then to Nio, intercepting each foreign shaft with accuracy and fluid, reflecting off all the set of teenly weak shaft strikes. The moving shaft of Nio bounced side to side when it encountered the vertical whirls of the stranger’s shaft. She giggled with a grin at the golden strange and the set of rotating twirls. “You’re really great, Pio.”
Nio shuffled backward for fun with a giggle and crawled upward, standing on top of the bed mattress with a grin, bending the kneecaps, launching into the air with a smile.
Mio continued to swirl around and around for fun and danced side to side in blindness from the constant twirling, moving behind the stranger. 
The stranger continued to twirl the shaft in front of the golden plated chest and twisted to the side while avoiding all the strikes hits from Nio and Mio.
Nio soared through air waves coming from the top of the neatly made bed covers over the bed mattress and flying over the head of the golden stranger while Mio continued to dance around the back spine of the golden stranger. The stranger spun around and continued to swirl the shaft in front of the golden chest. Then Nio dropped down from the air with a yell and landed on top of the bald skull of Mio with a gasp.
Then the two girls collided and landed down, resting over the tile in a lump of twisted legs and arms with a set of giggles and smiles.
Nio shuffled around and untangled her limbs away from her sister Mio with a giggle. “Come on and join the fun, Pio!”
Mio gasped. “No, don’t join the fun, Pio! That metal costume will hurt us if she lands on top of us.” Nio and Mio stood upright together with a grin. Mio smiled. “Okay. You had your fun with us. So, now, it’s time for you to leave, Pio. We got business with Zeebac. He is sneaky around on me with that cunt Sedottie.”
The stranger slid the rod down to the leg at the smaller tip and pressed down into the flush button that was built into the smooth rod. A set of sharp and serrated blades protruded along the smooth metal rod and around the big tip of the shaft. Lifting the shaft into the air and stepped forward, swinging the big tip with the blade side to side and tapped the sharp edge of the shiny blade and barely sliced into the exposed rib cage of Nio.
Nio folded over at the waistline and gingerly touched the bloody and sliced open wound from the blade of the shaft of the stranger with a set of gritted teeth and a grunt. “That’s not our sister princess, Pio. Pio would never ever harm me. I don’t know who that is.”
Mio growled at the stranger. “You hurt Nio. You are not my sister Pio either.”
The stranger back stepped and dropped the shaft near the leg, staring directly at Nio and then to see Mio. “Alas! You are not my child. Are you my child?”
Mio slid the rod down to the big tip and lifting, twirling it into the air with a sneer at the golden stranger. “Hey, asshole! I am not your child either. You are not my mother or my father. She is not your child either. We’re the princesses of the Kingdom of the Fire. Now, I’m pissed off for harming my sister. Now, you will die by my shaft, tonight, right now, bleeding your blood down on the tiles of my room,” Mio lifted the shaft over a bald skull and rushed ahead with a yell of fury at the stranger.
The stranger back stepped from Mio and lifted the shaft over the golden helmet, dropping down the shaft, cutting directly through the midnight blue cape and down into the fleshy collar bone of Mio. Mio side stepped with a grunt of pain from the stranger and dropped both arms with a sneer. Nio stood upright with a grunt of pain and held the bloody cut with the hand, swinging the shaft behind the back spine, tossing the rod at the stranger. The shaft twirled sideway with a set of exposed sharp and serrated blades that filled the lower, middle, and upper portion of the smooth the rod and the bigger tip of the shaft which was built into the metal, aiming at the stranger.
The stranger swung around to see Nio and whipped the shaft side to side. The shaft of Nio ricocheted off the precise sideways swing of the stranger’s weapon and then flew backward toward Nio. Her own shaft hit and impaled back into the naked chest of the young teen royal. Nio screamed in pain and reached up with a shaky hand, jerking out the set of blades from a bloody chest, stumbling backward and hit the wall, landing on an ass on top of the floor in pain and sobs of tears. The stranger lifted and arched the shaft over the helmet, pitching the shaft through the air directly at Nio. The shaft hit and impaled into the right eyeball of Nio. She screamed in pain and flung both arms into the air into the wall with a single shallow breath, dropping both arms onto the floor into death.
Mio gasped in alarm and lifted the shaft over a bald skull with a sneer, running toward the stranger with a growl. The stranger slid down over the tile and plucked the shaft from the eyeball of Nio, swinging around to face Mio. Mio dropped her shaft with the set of blades down onto the collar bone of golden metal of the stranger and as, each tiny blade torn free and broke off from the smooth rod of Mio. The metal impact rattled both her teeth and shook both arms in pain.
The stranger back stepped with a vicious laugh from Mio and swung around in a completely circle, swinging sideways and slicing the set of blades through the naked chest of Mio. Each tiny sharp blade tip torn and chopped through the tender flesh sideways exposing the pumping heart organ of Mio.
Mio back stepped with a gasp of shock and exhaled with a shallow grunt, looking down and touched an exposed heart organ, collapsing down over the floor with a soft thump. The veins pumped and squirted all the pump9ing blood up and into the air and landed back down on top of her distorted face, her naked chest, and her tile floor. Then both her eyelashes stopped blinking voluntarily and as the eyeballs stared up into the tan colored ceiling of her bedroom inside her sand castle.
The stranger back stepped and dropped the bloody shaft down near the golden plated leg, starting down at dead Mio. “Alas! You are not my child either,” the stranger spun around and swiftly moved ahead to the closed door, slamming a clean glove into the metal and left the sand castle for the late evening.


Sand castle of seventeen years old Pelf
3rd floor level
Princess bedroom setting
Hot temperatures with bright stars and moonlight


The bedroom door slowly closed shut without a sound.
He stirred awake from the short nap after the rough sex with second royal princess Nixie on top of the bed mattress that belonged to her sister first royal princess Pelf. However, Nixie always would change out the dirty and wet bed linens for a fresh set of linens before she left the bedroom for her personal sand castle for the nightly slumber.
He didn’t wear a face patch but displayed a natural skin tone of red tint that represented the natural coloring of Modoc and all the natives that resided within the Kingdom of Land. The prince displayed a tall and muscular body frame with a head of neatly cropped light brown hair with a set of bangs over both eyebrows. His face was unshaven with a light dusting of light brown hairs around the jaw line, the lips, and both nose holes that greatly annoyed his mother Duchess Torgeezus. His eyeballs were colored in hazel with tiny specks of gold that flared with angry. Modoc was the first prince within the Kingdom of the Land.
The Kingdom of the Land included miles and miles of bright red and fertile dirt that grew rows and rows of fresh food stuffs for the single continent, a big responsibility for his father Duke Allakon. The single continent housed numerous kingdoms and thousands of villages of people.
Duke and Duchess of the Kingdom of the Land resided inside a beautiful manor of white, gray, red, brown, and black wooden planks but Prince Modoc lived inside one of the two-story sand castles within the Kingdom of the Sand for which to attend the Royal Academy for one more hellish week of school.
He blinked both eyelashes open and shut, seeing an array of the bright flashes from the continuous streaks of yellow tinted lightning bolts that showed through the upper glass panes inside the bedroom, remembering the fun time with a grin. He sat upright on both elbows and stared down at the crinkled up tiny penis on a naked body, waiting for Nixie again. She had become pregnant with his hot juicy sperm and then left the sand castle within the Kingdom of the Sand to secretly visit the Pamburg Kingdom, where she had deposited the created fetus between Prince Modoc and her.
It was near the eleventh hour in the evening. He could stay and fuck Nixie one more time before twelfth hour of midnight which was the teen royal deadline rule among both princes and princesses. Or Nixie would face a disqualification for each created fetus from some male asshole or female assholette royal that was spying and watching the young couple fuck somewhere and somehow.
Modoc knew all the teen royal fucking fun rules, since his father Duke Allakon had been very instructive with a few vague points. However, Modoc didn’t give a shit about the rules or about Nixie. He was going to marry Pelf, the first royal princess of the Sand. His future life as the new imperator would be a life of luxury and riches, not adventure and conquers. He dreamed of adventure such like a visit inside the mysterious and might Pamburg Kingdom. As the new imperator of the Confederation, one of his first duties would be to meet and greet the king of the Pamburg dynasty. Modoc would invite the king to join the Confederation.
Over the centuries, the Pamburg Kingdom had refused. It was an obvious choice. The lands of the kingdom were fertile and rich to support the expanding villages and numerous natives.
Modoc desired the same opportunities for the Confederation when he would rule which would start next week, after the completion of the silly Public Presentation which was a silly ass play that was entitled Nab, the Numb, where the play appealed the simple minds of the populous of the people and the arrogant egos of the royals.
However, these same desires and dreams of expanding the Confederation into the Pamburg Kingdom came with deadly blood proteins and deadly weapon fire which had been whispered wordy discussed by a small group of young bold teen royals. Modoc didn’t participate in the secret meetings and neither did his future wife Pelf. But each young royal knew a grand expansion was needed and necessary, right now.
But Modoc held a secret inside the mind with a wicked grin and close to the heart. The Pamburg Kingdom was going to fall. The new information tickled his funny bone and his mind. He was so excited that he wanted to share with someone, but he dared not out of fear and safety.
So, his personal future had been plotted and planned like a nice fairy tale.
Now, the new information that the Pamburg Kingdom was going down was great news.
Modoc could meet with the new king and spy on the natives and all the defense systems. He might even be the royal that brings the kingdom bowing down on both kneecaps to his reign and his rule.
Yes, now, Modoc was destined to rule the entire continent of the unnamed lands.
Inside the bedroom suite of Pelf on the third floor, the soprano voice shouted out loud inside the bathroom. “Ugh! I hate going to deposit that fetus. I feel all nasty and dirty, after I return back home,” she moved out from the bathroom space in total nakedness with a sour frown, flinging all the fresh water droplets from her hair roots and all her limbs, after quickly showering inside the bathtub. Nixie didn’t take a bubble bath anymore, since the teen royal Triddie had died from over filling the bath tub with too much water and then drowned within her own bubbles. She moved ahead with a smile to the bed with naked Modoc on top, “All right! We will begin around five before the midnight deadline. I’m ready for your, darling!”
Modoc exhaled with huff of exhaustion without moving off the bed. He had been fucking her. Well, Nixie had been performing a set of blow jobs and massaging his dick since the seventh hour of the evening. He was a young teen but sleepy from all the numerous and pleasurable sex acts. “Yeah!” He rested over the bed linens with a smile and placed both arms behind a skull, holding the secret close to the heart and inside his mind. He was excited about his future as the new king of the Pamburg Kingdom. He wanted to tattle the secret that came from the short and ugly oracle but Modoc didn’t want trouble from another teen or adult royal, since Modoc wanted the title of only ruler of the continent. “What does it feel like to visit the Pamburg Kingdom?”
She climbed onto of top of the messy bed linens and parked her naked over his naked body with a giggle and a grin, leaning over his heated body and kissed his lips, pulling back with a smile. “I don’t know.”
He gasped. “What do you mean you don’t know, bitch? But you go inside the Pamburg Kingdom, every night.”
She crawled down over his body and posed in front of the crinkled penis with a sour frown. She had too much mouth work to do before the deadline of the twelfth hour of midnight. She did all hand and mouth fucking work on Modoc as he rested over the satin pillow with a silly grin of lust and pleasure. She was the girl who had to become pregnant with the new fetus while participating in the silly female competition for the princess tiara with the highest number of bottled fetuses. Sometimes, she wished that the male could get pregnant and share the burden.
She reached down and massaged both his legs at the hips with both her hands, leaning down and kissed his naked chest with a set of wet tiny pouts, sounding with a series of purrs, groans, and moans like an animal from her throat for his entertainment. She softly said into his naked chest. “It is dark. I don’t know.”
He closed both eyelids with the sweet massage and manly groaned with delight. “Good hands, bitch! But the River Rat speed boat takes you directly into the Pamburg Kingdom. Describe to me what it is like inside the Pamburg Kingdom?”
“I have to hide underneath a set of stinky blankets, so I don’t see the Pamburg Kingdom,” she moved and slid down both her soft hands over his wrinkled penis while thumbing, pulling, stretching it out and up with an angel’s touch.
He manly moaned with a whisper. “Keep going, bitch. But there is the huge purple colored Pamburg mountain castle near the edge of the Delta water that can’t be missed. Did you see the mountain castle?” Modoc spread all his limbs into outward over the bed linens letting Nixie perform her sexy duty with a wicked smirk.
“No, I’m hiding underneath a set of stinky blankets that disguise from the River Rats. These men and women are rough and tough and they might rape me without mercy or thought,” her legs straddled over his naked body, outstretching in a comfortable pose. She leaned down and caressed his weak dick with one hand as the other hand pumped a hairy ball while kissing and licking his dick and each hairy ball with a sweet tongue.
“More licking, bitch!” He manly moaned with pleasurable sex lust and a whisper. “No, your parents pay the River Rats with boxes of metal components for ransom and to escort you into the Pamburg kingdom behind the set of twin crystal gates. What do you see inside the Pamburg Kingdom?”
“Yeah, the River Rat boat enters into the Pamburg Kingdom through the crystal entrance gates in the middle of blackness with bright stars and bright moonlight. The tiny boat wobbles over the swamp waters. Sometimes, I can feel a gator hit the side of the boat,” she leaned down and ate half his dick with an open mouth, licking faster up and down with a tongue and then alternated the sucking action up and down with her lips.
“Go, bitch!” He manly moaned with a whisper of his wandering thoughts, “Gators? I don’t think about a natural predictor protecting the entrance of mountain castle. That will be the first problem for me. What else do you see or feel, bitch?”
Nixie lifted up a sour frown to see his grin. “The fast boat lands in front of the building. Then I move off the boat and walked down a long pier to the building.” She pumped her fingers up and down plus her lips up and down with swift speed.
“Go, bitch!” He manly moaned with a whisper of his wandering thoughts, “What building?”
She lifted the lips with a sour frown. “It is the science building inside the Pamburg Kingdom. The door opens. I enter the building and walk down the long hallway toward the room.”
“Faster, bitch!” He sounded with a moan and a smile as his crinkled penis slowly lengthened and enlarged in lusty pains from the lip sex and sin from Nixie. “What room?”
She lifted the lips with a sour frown to see his grin. “Why are you so interested in this?” She spread his legs into a wide stance and lifted upward, gently sitting down a folded body on top of the tip of his penis.
His dick shivered in pleasure too. “Go, bitch,” he moaned with pleasure with a set of closed eyelids, thinking about the plans to conquer the Pamburg Kingdom as the new ruler and feeling dirty lust from the sex act with a soft whisper. “I don’t get to go with you. I wanna know what happens to you. I care about you, bitch.”
“Really?” She reached down and massaged his neck, moving down the chest, the stomach, both the hips, stopping at the belly button with a giggle and a set of strong soft finger pads to his nakedness. “The room is rectangle shaped without a single viewing window to see the outside. The walls, the floor, and the ceiling were made of solid white crystals that glittered as a set illuminated lightning, making the room cheery and bright. There are not any type cute or ugly decorations on the walls either. In the middle of the room, there was a long table that is mounted onto the floor, where the scientist extracts the fetus with a black beam out from my pussy,” giggling.
“Finish this, bitch!” He manly moaned with a set of closed eyelids with deep mental thoughts of conquering the Pamburg Kingdom and a soft whisper. “The room is a laboratory that is used by the scientists with a laser beam. That is another problem for me too,” Modoc needed more information to invade the closed crystal gates and the mighty army of the Pamburg Kingdom.
She jumped up and down over the elongated dick with force and a fake smile of annoyance at his numerous nosy questions. “Why are we talking about the princes and princess of the Pamburg Kingdom? I wanna talk about us and our future as the new rulers of the Confederation.”
“Faster, bitch!” He manly groaned with a set of closed eyelids with the deep mental thoughts of ruling the Pamburg Kingdom with his new wife Pelf and a soft whisper, “Yeah, yeah, we can talk about us.”
She continued to bounce up and down on top of his penis and stared with a puzzled brow to see his grin, “Really? We can talk about us, my new husband Modoc.”
“Faster, bitch!” He manly groaned with a set of closed eyelids, daydreaming of fucking his new wife Pelf as the new queen of Pamburg Kingdom with a whisper of pleasure, “Yeah, us!”
She jumped up and down over the elongated dick with force and a fake smile of exhaustion.
I have a secret to tattle to you, my Modoc.”
“Faster, bitch!” He manly groaned with a set of closed eyelids, thinking of ruling as the new king of Pamburg Kingdom with a soft whisper of lust, “Tell me a secret?”
She bounced up and down in rhythm on top of his dick with a smile and a giggle. “Only, if you promise to keep it a secret and then you have to tell me your secret wish back?”
“Faster, bitch!” He manly groaned with a set of closed eyelids, thinking of fucking Pelf inside the royal bedroom of the dead king of Pamburg Kingdom with a soft whisper of lust, “Yeah, the secret?”
She continued to bounce up and down over his dick with a smile. “I am going to be the winner with the highest number of bottled babies within the Confederation. Then me and you will marry and serve as the new queen and king of the Confederation for centuries to come.
“Naught, bitch!” He manly groaned with a smile and a set of closed eyelids, thinking of him and Pelf as the new rulers of the continent and living inside the Pamburg Kingdom with a soft whisper of lust, “No, you will be the queen with me as the king of Pamburg.”
“That’s a great plan, my king.” She continued to bounce up and down over his dick with a smile. “How so, my king?”
He manly groaned with a smile and a set of closed eyelids, thinking of him and Pelf as the new rulers of the continent and living inside the Pamburg Kingdom with a soft whisper of love, “The Pamburg Kingdom is going to fall within my reign as Imperator. Then, we will rule the world, my queen.”
She continued to bounce up and down over his dick with a giggle. “How you dream with a vivid imagination, my king?”
He manly groaned with a smile and a set of closed eyelids, thinking of him and Pelf as the new rulers of the continent and living inside the Pamburg Kingdom with a soft whisper of love. “My imagination is flat. The oracle told me…”
“Hold that thought!” She stopped the bounce with a gasp. “I need to go,” she leaned over and slid off his heated body that held an elongated dick of hot sperm as she stood upright with a giggle and spin around to face the walk-in closet with a grin.
He opened both eyelids with a gasp to see the far wall and reached down, gently grabbing fully elongated dick of hot sperm. “What? What did you say?”
She dashed toward the closet with a smile. “It will be back in a jiffy nifty. I am pregnant again.”
He gasped with shock, “What happened?”  Modoc watched Nixie with a set of parted lips.
“I’m pregnant again. So I gotta go to the science building within the Pamburg Kingdom before the twelfth hour. You need to get dressed and leave the suite before Pelf comes back.” Her naked ass disappeared from the bedroom space and entered the walk-in closet, stopping, and stood in front of the tall furniture chest with six separate drawers and reached out and grabbed the handle on the first drawer, shoving the compartment to the side. This single piece of furniture existed inside every female bedroom suite for such a nightly purpose and evening visit. The small and dark hole revealed a set of small patches. She reached inside and grabbed one single patch, slapping it on the top of her naked bell button and watched for a few second.
The patch did not flash in a color of blue or pink.
So Nixie was not pregnant again with a new fetus from her lover and her future husband Modoc. Modern technology was amazing. The patch was similar to the face and the hand patch but it read, translated, and transmitted information from the womb of the female into the metal strip on top of the stomach. When the belly button patch lighted and flashed, the girl was pregnant.
She smiled down at the non-functioning belly button patch and reached over, touching, and snatched up the stinky and ratty black hooded cape, wrapping it around a naked body without bothering to change into a piece of normal clothing. She swung around and exited the closet with a smile, dashing ahead to the bed. Modoc looked so cute asleep from the pleasant sex act. She stopped and stood over him, leaning down into his naked chest with a giggle and kissed his lips, pulling back with a wink, and stood upright with a smirk, spinning around, and dashed to the closed door with a smile. “Sleep well, my future prince! I will see you at the same time tomorrow night,” Nixie back stepped from the bed with Modoc with a wicked grin with a new shared secret between them that would rock the sands of the Confederation.
The Pamburg Kingdom was dying. Thus, the fighting young and old warriors of the Confederation could quickly invade and rapidly take over all the fertile lands and kill off the rest of the Pamburg natives, so the old natives of the Confederation could live and thrive within the new lands. She spun around and dashed to the closed door with a giggle and a grin with her new secret.
Nixie was leading the battle of bottled babies but it was not enough to grab the eyeballs of her parents, Imperator King and Imperatoress Haildrameme.
Sometimes, Nixie wished that Pelf would literally do the fucking work and earn the right of the princess tiara. But the second born royal princess Nixie was stupid, since she knew that her older sister would marry the Kingdom of the Land princely son as it was foretold and written for centuries. Now, Nixie had a new secret to share with her mother Imperatoress Haildrameme which would guarantee Nixie the ruler throne beside Prince Modoc, not her sister Pelf. Once, Nixie threatened to tattle the shared secret to the rest of the royals.
Her mother had always wanted to rule as the queen of the Pamburg Kingdom, but that mental thought or actually title didn’t bother Nixie, since Nixie only wanted to marry Modoc and become a true princess, living in ever after happiness.
Inside the bedroom on top of the messy bed, he gasped with alarm and watched her naked ass disappear down the stairs as the door closed shut, locking him inside the bedroom suit. Nixie never left the social tower before him. As a matter of fact, he had to drag her naked sexy ass with the mewing girly whines down the staircase before finally exiting the social tower before the midnight deadline.
He wiped off the sweat from a face and a leaking dick with a deep sigh and a whisper. “What is up with her? Whatever!” He rolled off the bed and stood upright naked, reaching down and gathered the clothes, slowly skipping ahead and pulled up the trousers over a crinkled dick and one boot at a time for a naked foot. He reached the closed door and opened it, slowly moved down the staircase with an ugly yawn, exiting the social tower, heading back into his sand castle for sleep.


11th hour (late eve)

Kingdom of the Sand
Moonlight rays, bright stars, yellow bolts of lightning strikes

3rd floor level
Social Hall location
Interior room setting


First royal princess Pelf turned and stood inside the archway of the large and empty room. The Social Hall was four stories tall with one-fourth of the wall in glass windows that showed off the moon, the bright stars, and the bolts of yellow lightning strikes across the dark skyline in beauty wonderment.
There were scattered short rows of elevated lounge chairs for each royal female. The females enjoyed gossiping in the dry air of the Social Hall. The males enjoyed whispering in the heated air of the Bath Hall.
Pelf didn’t understand any of it.
The Social Hall was only but an open space where entertainment shows were conducted.
On a normal day, a chorus line of elegant dancers from the Kingdom of the Wind twisted and twirled around and around over the smooth floor in front of the rows of elevated lounge chairs, dancing to the soft music.
Or a guard from the Kingdom of the Sun would march like a soldier between two flowing dancers as the guard twirled a silver tinted arm length vertical shaft up, down, and out of sync with the soft music, but in a military routine in front of each glass pane.
Each row of elevated lounge chair stood upright at various heights in the air waves with a single royal on top, sipping on a cold or hot beverage, gossiping about the latest event. The royal was dressed based on the current style of the royal court, a face patch. For hundreds of years, the face patch had dominated public speaking events and private secret chats which represented the sour breath of the tongue.
She entered through the archway and moved around each elevated throne chair, squatting down, looking underneath the wooden underbelly with a puff of frustration. “No one is here either,” Pelf stood upright and wiped out some of the sand from the gown, spinning around and exited from the Social Hall.
She entered the staircase and slowly moved down the steps to the next floor, the storage room.


2nd floor level
Storage Room location
Four solid walls and numerous boxes and containers


Pelf turned and stood inside the open archway, when all the overhead lamps illuminated into bright blinding light with her eyeballs from a body heat signature. She continued to stand inside the archway, hearing with the eardrums, seeing with the eyeballs.
The four story tall room was filled with hundreds and hundreds of tall to smaller boxes, containers, tubs, an assortment of broken down baking and cooking appliances and an array of furniture pieces plus other tall and small items. This room was used to store items from food to furniture inside the Social Tower Building.
She continued to scan each item without seeing a single bang of movement or hearing a single ting of noise, exhaling with a puff of frustration. “No one is living here either. I wonder if the native that crafted the clever pieces of art work has already left the building or has died,” she felt sad that the native could have passed away without her assistance. She back stepped and slowly turned, moving down the staircase to the ground floor. 


1st floor level
   (southern side archway near the Delta waters)
Staircase location
Interior room setting


Pelf slowly moved down the staircase toward the end and halted in front of the solid false wall that held a set of two three-story tall entranceways without a door seeing the twinkling grains of sands and the dark skyline with a gasp then a giggle. She had forgotten that the kitchen and bakery room could not be accessed on this end of the building, since all the naughty teen male royals would enter the kitchen and eat all the sweet rolls for yummy fun.
The entrance into the Social Tower Building was only accessed by the royal on one side of the structure which faced the baby blue Delta salt water for access to the water and away from the kitchen baked goods. A royal would enter from the sands, climb up a set of steps, and eventually land inside the Assembly Hall for the afternoon lesson session.
Pelf moved through the open archway and scooted outside over the sands and into the heated night air with a gasp, halting over the ground. One of the other royal princesses wore a dark cloak and moved across the sands also in the night like a thief toward one of the sand castles with mystery.
Pelf exhaled with a puff of annoyance, since she knew the mystery answer. Her mother had told that each royal princess was a true teen whore and would entice with a set of vile sexual acts on all royal princes, including Modoc. However, Pelf was never allowed to engage in any type of sexual act with any prince which had been forbidden by her parents since she was going to be the new Imperatoress and would marry Prince Modoc as it had been written for centuries.
The Kingdom of the Sand always married the Kingdom of the Land to protect the food crops and continue to feed the natives.
Pelf understood the mystery, the reason, the cause, and the sacrificed fun as a young teen with a puff of frustration. However, the Public Presentation was at the end of the work week. Then her royal teen days would end without fun but obligation.
She turned with a sad face and slowly moved across the sands with a bout of depression from a sorry-ass teen life without fun and adventure, kicking the sands while slowly strolling beside the tall tan colored building without a set of eye level windows. The ancient first Imperator designed the Social Tower building as a fortress first and a social place second. Thus, the set of viewing windows started on the twelfth floor technically to see the outside rays of sunlight and moonlight.
She rounded the square shaped corner and quickly darted into the open archway with a height of four stories that complimented the height of the room also like the other floors.


1st floor
   (northern side archway near the scrub forest)
Kitchen and bakery room
Interior setting


Pelf turned to the side and stood inside the wide archway of ten feet that allowed an array of numerous servants plus numerous wide food karts to move in and out of the food place. Each meal was prepared here by a staff of servants and then delivered into the Dinner Hall. On occasion, one of the teen males could stand here and beg for a sweet dessert with pretty good success coming from a female servant without a set of teeth and a bad hair day.
The room was four stories tall. Every wall and corner space contained an appliance or a long counter top with an assortment of smaller pieces of equipment that was used to slice, dice, and cut up the raw meats, fruits, and vegetables that came from the Kingdom of the Land.
The overhead lamps illumined into bright light from her heat signature again.
Pelf slowly scattered each piece of equipment and each wall with a puff of frustration, not seeing any motion or hearing a working appliance and back steppe from the archway. She though the art pieces were really old in years so that native had died and blew away with the sands.
She slowly spun around and moved toward the open archway, halting with a gasp and spun around to see the end of the long dark hallway that led toward a solid wall. The kitchen and bakery space was designed with a set of four solid walls without a viewing window to see the sunlight during the daytime hours. The entrance point into the kitchen was located on the opposite end of the cascading staircase that led up toward each floor. Thus, the other end of the long and semi-dark hallway on the ground floor contained nothing but clusters of scattered tiny tan colored sand grains over the smooth floor.
She had never ventured further down the hallway without stopping inside the kitchen first for a snack or a beverage then leaving to go back to her sand castle.
Pelf bounced up and down with excitement. There was something at the end of the semi-dark hallway where the native must live in distress who had crafted each clever art piece. She reached down and gathered up the dress hem, running ahead down the smooth floor with a smile and skidded to a halt without banging a forehead onto the low-lying granite ceiling where the ascending staircase ate into the hallway fixture. She reached out and touched the granite, feeling the coolness and the wet moisture of the contained space with a gasp, not seeing a cubby hole or a closet or a doorway with a puzzled brow. “This must be something here.”
She spun around and stood in place turning to scan each side of the dark hallway without seeing an exterior display of a cubby hole or a closet or a doorway with a confuse brow. “Look! It is here,” she exhaled with a puff of frustration, slipping to the side and reached out, touching the smooth solid wall of granite. The side wall was cool to the touch and slimy with wet moisture as she reached high above her hair roots and low down to her feet while searching for a hidden door or a hidden seam or a hidden closet. She slowly side stepped half way toward the entrance door of the kitchen and stood upright with a sour frown. “Okay. The hidden compartment is not located on that side of the wall. There is a parallel floor to search,” she scooted across the floor and squatted down, reaching out and touched the smooth wall with all fingers on both hands with a determined face to find the hidden compartment or the hidden seam, where the native in distress lived. She stood upright and raped the wall with both hands and then squatted down and did the same motion with all fingers, slowly side scooting over the smooth floor, moving back toward the low-lying granite ceiling where the staircase ate into the hallway. Then she stopped with a gasp and continued to squat down in front of the lower wall on top of the floor.
Her fingers slowly outlined a set of roughly embedded alphabetic letters that was etched into the smooth wall and as she smiled inside the darkness of the hallway. The hidden spot was located directly underneath the low-lying granite ceiling, where a person would never stoop and find a message unless they had lost a sweet roll here.
She closed both eyelashes and as the fingers communicated with her smart neurons. Her fingers outlined the capital letter C and slid over, feeling the outline of the capital letter A, and then the capital letter V, and finally the number three. She whispered for her eardrums only while continuing to outline the embedded letters. “CAV3, the number three is the letter E. So, it read on the wall the word: cave. What does that mean? There is an underground cave that underneath the building. The soil is sand and water. There can’t be a cave underneath the building,” she stood upright and ducked down from the low-lying ceiling with a puff of annoyance, “That ceiling needs to go! Okay. There is a cave underneath the building. How is that possible?” She snapped her fingers. “I know,” she spun to face the open archway and ran down the hallway with excitement. She might have found something here that could pinpoint the native with the distress. She skidded to the side and twisted around, entering the kitchen space, turning to the side, and raced down the side wall with the set of embedded letters and stopped to see the forward wall with a nod and a giggle. “All the walls built of solid granite grains and solid without a viewing window. However, the wall that parallels the staircase is greatly sloped away from the fourth story ceiling like there could be an additional room inside the granite wall. So, the ninety degrees of a sloped wall does not sense to me. It is really a false wall too that was built by my great-to-the whatever-power-grandfather for holding and hiding a set of prisoners,” she clapped and bounced up and down with happiness.
“So the native who crafted the clever message in the six art pieces is living inside the cave or the prison or the dungeon,” gasping. “My father has a prisoner. No, that can’t be right. He is a nice man and a wonderful father. No, there is not a holding prisoner down there inside the cave. Then the prisoner would be loose and free. No, there is the native with distress that lives down there. So, I will help that native. Yeah,” she spun around and raced down the side of the wall, turning to the side and ran out the kitchen, moving down the hallway with a smile and skidded to a halt in front of the hidden doorway and squatted down with a giggle. She reached out and touched the embedded letters, twisting all the fingers inside a wider range over the wall, finding a sliced seam in the shape of a perfect square with a giggle. “Yeah, I can enter here and save the native in distress,” she nodded with a smile and then a worried brow, standing upright with a whisper. “Wait!” She scooted to the side and away from the low-lying ceiling, slapping the sides of the elegant soft yellow colored evening gown with a frown and a whisper. “I don’t have my shaft. My parents do not allow weapons at the dining table which is a logical decision. One, I will insist upon also. So I am unarmed without protection. I need my shaft in case the native is too stressed to see me,” she exhaled with a puff of worry.
“Okay. I know the hidden spot. I know the hidden location. I know how to access the cave entrance to find the native in distress. So I will be back tomorrow night right after the dinner meal. All the servants wouldn’t care if I hang around the same hallway with them. They are too tired and too old to fight or to tattle on me,” She reached out and patted the wall with a smile and a nod, “Yeah, I will visit the native in distress tomorrow night,” she spun to face the open archway and slowly strolled down the hallway with a smile and a nod of victory.
Pelf stopped at the end of the open archway and slipped on the dark cape, since she wasn’t stupid. She looked like one of the whore princesses that were running from another sand castle of the prince in case someone spotted her without really identifying her royal person.
She slowly strolled through the glittering tan colored sands and in the beautiful white moonlight and halted, seeing another moving dark cape. The dark cape moved ahead toward a different sand castle. She continued forward toward her sand castle to slumber for the late night.


Sand castle of seventeen years old Kamela
First royal princess of the Kingdom of the Snow
Princess bedroom setting


Kamela moved out from the bathroom in nudeness with a smile and a soft clap of happiness. “That was fetus deposit number six for the night. We got one more time to create a new fetus before the midnight hour. Then, we call it a night.”
He rested over top of three pillows and bed linens with a grin at her. “I changed the wet sheets. I don’t want a rash on my fine naked body.”
The other male rested on top of the two pillows and the clean bed linens on the other side of the long bed mattress with a laugh. “I don’t wanna smell your fucking sperm during the next sex act with Kamela.”
She stopped with a giggle and leaned down, crawling over the clean bed linens, stopping, and sat back onto the kneecaps, staring with a smile at each teen male. “Who wants to get fucked first?”
The first male frowned at her. “Who is ready to get fucked first? You take too long with your secret nightly travel into the Pamburg Kingdom. My penis is cold and wrinkled again.”
She laughed with a nod. “It’s a secret. All you need to know is that I’m leading with the bottles of the babes, brother dear.”
“I go first.” The second royal prince of the Kingdom of the Snow and the first biological brother of Kamela, Lorchess rested over the pillow with a smile and a wink at her.
She leaned down over his naked chest and his smile, kissing his parted lips, pulling back with a frown. “I need more foreplay, if you expect a great orgasm.”
The third royal prince of the Kingdom of the Snow and the second biological brother of Kamela, Datto crawled over the long bed that belonged to Kamela and stood upright on both kneecaps behind her ass, reaching down and kissed one side of her naked collar bone, pulling back with wink and a chuckle at his biological brother on top of the mattress. “I got her ass covered. You can suck down on his face or his dick. I’m going to fuck your pussy with my elongated and heated dick. I fucked my dick with my hand, so I’m ready for the charge. Then, we see which one of us hits an orgasm first. I’ll get you hot and lusty in a few minutes, sister dear.”
She smiled at Lorchess. “Lay your head down on top of the pillow. Then I’ll suck your dick asleep,” laughing. Her brother Lorchess wiggled side to side with a chuckle, resting the body and the rear skull down onto the satin pillows, shuffling them around for comfort and pleasure and spread apart both legs apart for her head to reach down and lick on his penis.
She crawled backward and leaned down, grinning down at his wrinkled dick of Lorchess, reaching down and licked the tiny wormy penis, jerking her ass up into the air for her second biological brother to fuck her pussy. Her pair of naked feet faced toward the far wall and as she enjoyed the upcoming fuck festival.
Datto bounced up and down on both kneecaps over the bed mattress with a chuckle of excitement and held his elongated dick, aiming it down into her wet pussy. Kamela was also ready for a nightly fuck. He leaned over and straddled both her bent legs, holding a hand onto her ass with a chuckle of lust. “Here I come, sister dear!”
She laughed. “Go! I’m ready!”
Datto shoved open and parted her pussy lips with the tip of his penis, diving down into her wet vagina.
They both moaned in pleasure.
Lorchess closed both eyelids and felt the softness of her lips on his penis while breathing in shallow pants of nervousness and excitement. Her hands and fingers tickled one hairy ball while her lips sucked down onto his tiny penis. He whispered with a moan. “This is so good. Does every royal know that the queen and king of the Snow are truly a sister and a brother?”
“Yes,” Datto thrust in and out of her pussy without panting.
Lorchess felt her long and slender body shift over him like a dark shadow and reached out, touching, tickled each breast with all finger, enjoying the new body sensations with a chuckle. “O baby! I feel good.”
She lifted a smile with mouth spittle and reached down, kissing his naked chest, pulling up with a grin. “Lorchess has the eye sockets of our mother.”
Lorchess nodded with a laugh. “You have the short dick of some ancient dead relative, Datto!”
Datto thrust in and out while working up sweat with a sour frown. “Fuck you, bro!”
“Actually I am being fucked. And it is so good.” Lorchess leaned down into the pillow with a sweet smile. 
She leaned down and kissed his lips, his nose tip, his chest, playing with each tit with both hands, slowly sliding down over and stopped over his dick. His dick was slowly un-wrinkling and expanding. Her set of soft tickles from a long sweet pink tinted tongue creates pleasure and amusement within his body and as he shivered with lust.  She looked up with smile to see Lorchess. “Think a set of nasty dirty sex thoughts of me.” He chuckled. She sat back on both kneecaps with a giggle and leaned down, sucking down on the growing penis.
Datto continued to thrust in and out a penis into her pussy while working up a hot sweat on a face, a chest, and a neck. He reached up and wiped off the sweaty forehead with a sigh.
Her tongue strokes were gently and tender, licking and kissing his pubic hair for fun and then the one hairy ball, the other hairy ball, and finally sucking back on his penis. Kamela was getting hotter inside the cold room. Her tongue moved up and down at a steady cadence on top of the penis. Her body changed from the feeling of nervous to excitement and then from the temperature of cold into hot. She gagged and coughed out a hair strand.
Datto leaned down over the sweaty back of Kamela with a set of pants, continuing to swiftly thrust in and out with a penis, feeling hot and lusty from the sister-brother incest fuck act.
Her set of nerve endings tickled with delight and flicked the tip of her tongue, twirling it around his penis. His penis was growing taller. Lorchess chuckled with pleasure.
Kamela lifted a face with a grin and a pant of lust, “Turn me on, Datto!”
“Aw!” She screamed with delight and pain. He continued to thrust an elongated dick back and forth. She felt a strange pressure that was building inside her body. 
Datto moved back and forward with his penis in a set of shallow breathing pants. “Go girl! Scream your head off for me.”
She lifted a grin and screamed in delight, “Aw!”
“Uoo,” Datto continued to thrust in and out with a set of pants of lust.
“Uoo,” Lorchess laughed too.
“Aw!” She screamed in delight again and then exploded inside her body, seeing thousands of baby white stars within the eyeballs, feeling lusty dirty and excitedly pleasure. She shivered with heat. Her brother performed a set of shorter thrusts with the penis, empting out all his hot sperm down into her vagina and then collapsed down onto her naked body with a set of deep pants. She sighed with erotic pleasure and rested a sweaty body on top of her brother Lorchess with a set of deep pants also.
Datto panted with a set of heavy breathes.
Kamela exploded into a set of new raw sensations of lusty dirty and excitedly pleasure. “Ah,” she softly groaned in delight, breathing in pants of shallow air.
“Ah!” He slowly pumped all the hot sperm down into her pussy with a goofy smile.
Then, only a set of breathes invaded the quiet bedroom of Kamela.
Kamela wiggled side to side and tossed off her brother Datto, rolling off the bed and spun around, dashing into the walk-in closet, dressing in the dark long cape over a naked body. She reached inside the open drawer and pulled out a belly body patch, slamming down over a belly button.
The belly button patch flashed in the color of blue for a fetus.
She was too tired to dance around and back stepped from the chest, spinning around, and moved out the closet, turning to face the door, moved ahead, and opened the door, disappearing down the staircase to meet the River Rat speed boat to quickly deposit the newly created fetus inside the science building within the Pamburg.
Inside her room on top of the wet bed sheets, Lorchess tossed an arm into the air with a sour frown at the closing door. “Wait! Come back here, Kamela! I got big fat dick that wants a pussy to kiss. Don’t leave me just yet!”
Datto rested over the edge of the bed mattress and looked up with a smile to the tall and juicy elongated dick of his older brother. “What’s wrong, brother dear?”
He exhaled with a huff of annoyance and gingerly touched the red colored tall penis. “She left too soon. My dick is about to explode with my own set of hot lava. I won’t be able to sleep tonight.”
Datto laughed, “Awe! I can assist little brother.”
“How so?” He frowned.
Datto flipped over and stood on both palms and kneecaps with a chuckle and a nod. “You can fuck off inside my ass. I really want another great orgasm before the deadline of nighttime for all royals.”
“Shore!” Lorchess sat upright on both kneecaps on top of the mattress and moved ahead, scooting around the bed, and stopped, standing behind the hairy asshole of his brother Datto with a smile. “Okay! This hard punch is going to hurt.
“Punch it. It’s going to feel good.”
He lined up the tip of the penis and thrust the tip into the asshole of his brother with a grunt and a sigh of pleasure, “Yeah, it feels great!” He continued to thrust back and forth with a chuckle of lust and love for his baby brother.

Day 80th
Springtime season and weather


1st hour (early morn)


Pamburg Kingdom

Home of dead King Conic and his wife dead Queen Shemerry
and thirteen dead princesses
  and single live and breathing Princess Teath

Warm temperatures and bright stars with moonlight

Science building glittering white crystal stone
Swamp water bank location
Private bedroom room setting of Pamburg Lady Number Six


Between the waters of the two Great Oceans, there existed a set of numerous continents. One of the largest was not named but was composed of numerous vast kingdoms with an individual ruler. The alliance of the kingdoms was called the Confederation. Near the top of the vast continent, there was the separate, isolated, and vast Pamburg Kingdom, too.
In the Pamburg Kingdom behind the palace mountain, there stood a squat and protected building between the gator nests and the snake pits, where the speed boat was only fast enough to avoid the wildlife dangers. Inside that building, there was a science laboratory that holds, monitors, and grows all the fetuses inside a clear and heated bottle. The rumor of the Pamburg medical and science technology was beyond sophistication. The entire kingdom was guarded by a set of crystal gates that formed a tall and long fence, where no person could entrance.
Pamburg Lady Number Six took eyeball turns and stared down at the arm patch on each forearm with a set of non-wrinkled eye sockets and a stern face.
Her work shift had ended at midnight when each Confederation princess had finished fucking a Confederation prince without returning back to the science building with a newly created fetus for the delicate extraction process.
Her co-worker, the older Pamburg Lady Number Sixty-four with a set of gray strands and a face of old wrinkles inside the face mask had pressed the button which cleaned off the nasty examination table that retained the sweaty molecules of the Confederation princess and then double checked inside the incubation room of bottled tiny fetuses while making certain all was well. And the room and the bottles of tiny floating colored fetuses were normal. Then, the older Pamburg lady spun around to face the closed archway with a sneer like always and moved ahead in a slow pace like normal, leaving the laboratory setting for her private chamber and a night of deep slumber.
Pamburg Lady Number Six had been left behind as usual and closed shut the single door into the incubation chamber of bottled tiny fetuses, exiting out from the laboratory room, strolling ahead toward her private chamber also. She was not sleepy at midnight, since it was similar to getting off a working job. She was wired from the late evening work and enjoyed eating a hot meal and changing out of the laboratory uniform inside her private chamber.
Currently, Pamburg Lady Number Six sat inside the single ratty ancient dull yellow stained loveseat inside the private chamber without a set of viewing windows on one wall to see the outside blue colored sky or the  tall mountain range or the low swamps of yellow gators, looking down and tapped on top of the red colored arm patch on the forearm and then the purple colored arm patch on the other forearm while accessing all the accumulated information to study each royal princess and prince again. She had separated the two different sexes into two separate arm patches for study and comprehension in greater detail.
She had spent three long nights searching and downloading all the numerous colored digital photographs and electronic files while scouting out bits and pieces of each dead and alive Pamburg royal, since the beginning of time. However, she found that each prince and princess possessed a head of amber colored hair roots, a pair of amber colored eyeballs, and a pair of amber colored skin like every single deceased and alive royal.
Every sixteenth season, the Pamburg king and queen cared for twenty-eight children from a royal birth unto the age of eighteen years old until the final participation of the Princess or Prince Walk. During the Princess or Prince Walk, each teen royal marched through a dark room with an unknown array of water pits that held a set of live and hunger gators. If the prince or the princess survived and escaped the fangs of a hunger gator, which was rare, then the handful of royals had the chance to become the next king or queen of the Pamburg by accepting the secret oath.
Pamburg Lady Number Six had somehow survived the pit of live gators to confront the two throne chairs that held both the king and the queen of Pamburg and had been offered the chance to be queen of Pamburg. Then, she swiftly refused with a set of sobs and tears, exiting the Princess Walk arena to become demoted down to a lowly servant to work and toil inside one of the many villages as a laborer. Then, she had been recalled from the village and arrived at the science building to attend a heated room of bottles which contained an individual fetus as a babysitter for her remaining days of life.
Now, inside the ratty and torn loveseat, she exhaled with annoyance talking down to the arm patch with a stern face. “I have acquired posed and casual photographs of each sixteen-year-old prince and princess, all the thirty-two-year-old adult and older squires, and all the grayed old Nans, who had from failed a Princess Walk like me. Each prince varies in height and weight and hair style. Each princess varies in height and weight and hairy style, too. So, I have a set of electronic scrapes of various information bits for each royal but nothing matches but the hair, the skin, and the irises. So, I can’t do anything else with the information. Arm patch number one, show me a photograph of the first ancient old Pamburg Kingdom?”
The voice of the arm patch one on the forearm droned for all eardrums. “Access denied.”
She exhaled. “Yeah, you know what the king looks like. I wanna know what the first king of the Pamburg Kingdom looks like. Arm patch one, describe to me the first ancient old Pamburg Kingdom!”
The voice of the arm patch one on the forearm droned to all eardrums. “The first king of Pamburg possessed a head of shoulder length amber curls, a tone of amber tinted skin, and a pair of amber colored eyeballs.”
She puffed. “He was like me, but I am a girl, not a boy. Yeah, I know that, too. Arm patch one, was the first king of Pamburg five feet and six inches tall?”
The voice of the arm patch one on the forearm droned to all eardrums. “Access denied.”
“Yeah, the secret and guarded information is locked behind a cyberspace door which I cannot access. I wonder who programmed this bot feature. Arm patch one, was the first king five feet and ten inches tall?”
“Access denied.”
“Arm patch one, was the first king six feet and six inches tall?”
“Access denied.”
“Okay. I understand. I can’t go the height route. I only know that he was a male and amber colored. I hit a brick wall. Arm patch one, was the first king of Pamburg fat?”
The voice of the arm patch one droned to all eardrums. “Access denied.”
“Arm patch one, was the first king of Pamburg slender bones?”
“Access denied.”
“Arm patch one, was the first king of Pamburg muscular bones?”
“Access denied.”
“Arm patch one, what are some of the other physical features the first king of Pamburg possessed?”
“Access denied.”
“Fine! I’m really stuck now. Each prince is different from one another. I wonder if each DNA inside the fetus was further altered where the old bat didn’t tattle to my eardrums or my neurons. No. I don’t believe so. It is simple genetics. Each prince came from a different mother and a different father. And each princess came from a different mother and a different father also. However, each prince and princess had the physical appearance altered as a growing fetus inside the bottle of heated jelly of the mother to look like the first ancient Pamburg King. Well, maybe not, I must compare each prince to each princess to uncover any type of tiny physical similarities.
“Yeah! That might pinpoint a unique feature that is only related to first Pamburg King, where the arm patch will tell me, but I can see on the arm patch with my eyeballs. Then, I can piece together a picture of the first Pamburg King arm by arm and leg by leg and earlobe by earlobe,” laughing.
“Okay. Here we go! This is interesting, my first clue of something of something. Inside the first photograph of each arm patch, Princes Meigh and Octon are the shortest princes along with Princesses Arcanna, Beebelle and Smetana, who are short and skinny among the fourteen princesses. Yes. Yes. I missed that before. Well, I am not short. I am a tall female. That would suck, if that was the real height of the first Pamburg King which would disqualify me as the new queen of Pamburg. But, that is a common denominator between two princes and three princesses. Thus, these princes and princesses could really be more like sisters and brothers. Arm patch one, was the first Pamburg king of short statute?”
The voice of the arm patch one on her forearm droned to all eardrums. “Access denied.”
She tapped on each arm patch and scanned through more digital pictures with a stern face to see with a gasp of shock. “Princes Neave, Strawn, Gaspers, and Boykin are both tall and slender muscles. Princesses Gotterina, Sinnot, and Lucidew are all tall and slender also. I am tall. So, one of them could be my sister and my brother. But, I wanna know about the first king of Pamburg. Arm patch one, was the first Pamburg king of a tall and slender body frame?”
“Access denied.”
She tapped on each arm patch and viewed each different electronic image with a stern face. “Prince Tantum and Estill are tall and muscular like their two other brothers Lopeeco and the other brother prince Cumberrun. Princesses Hokkeedo, Zaid, and Encarbod, they are all the tallest royal among the fourteen sisters with a muscular body frame. I am not muscular and tall which would eliminate me as the true whatever-great daughter of the first king. Arm patch one, was the first Pamburg king of tall and muscular statute?”
“Access denied.”
She tapped on each arm patch to see each different electronic image with a stern face. “Princes Vinton, Wesuckie, and Ashebull all are about average height and weight. Princesses Teath, Xanthee, Medillane, Romaggie, and Yawnett are all average height and weight. But, I am not average height, so not one of these princes or princesses is my brother or my sister. Again, I am not average height and weight which would eliminate me as the true great-whatever granddaughter of the first king. Arm patch one, was the first Pamburg king of average height and average weight?”
The voice of the arm patch on her forearm droned to all eardrums. “Access denied.”
She frowned. “However, one of the prince or princesses could be the whatever-great granddaughter or grandson of the true Pamburg first king. So, what is the verdict here? The first Pamburg King could be a short and skinny male or a tall and slender male or a tall and muscular male or an average height and weight male. I still don’t have an answer or a new direction. Okay. What else to do? I know. I can look at all the detail facial and individual body part features,” she tapped on each arm patch and scanned through each digital picture on both arm patches with a stern face. “Well, the obvious facial feature is a face of dark tinted rounded freckle spots. Prince Wesuckie possesses a face of brown freckles, making his princely appearance which clearly stands out and is highly unique from his other princely brothers. Princess Xanthee has a face of brown freckles too. Arm patch one, what is a freckle?”
The voice of the arm patch one on her forearm droned to all eardrums. “A freckle is a small and concentrated spot of skin pigmentation, where an individual freckle is called melanin. A face of freckles can appear and vary in number which is controlled by a set of two separate DNA genes that come from one parent.”
She nodded with a stern face down at the two arm patches. “A face of freckles comes from one parent. I don’t have a face of freckles. I have a face of smooth amber colored skin. Yeah, I don’t wear a face of freckles like Wesuckie and Xanthee. So, I am not their blood-kin sister. They are not my blood kin either. But, they share the same genetic trait between a brother and a sister that might come from the first ancient king of Pamburg. Arm patch number one, did the first ancient king of Pamburg have a face of freckles?”
The voice of the arm patch number one on her forearm droned for all eardrums. “Access denied!”
She nodded with a stern face at the arm patch. “Okay. Look and find another common facial feature that shows on both the royals!” She tapped on each arm patch to view every different electronic image with a stern face. “Prince Ashebull has head of long curly head of amber colored hair. Princess Medillane has a long curly head of amber colored hair. How is a head of curly hair determined, arm patch one?”
The voice on the arm patch number one on her forearm droned for all eardrums. “It is the hair follicles that determine the hair texture. A set of round-shaped hair follicles makes straight hair. Flattened hair follicles make a head of curly hair. An oval hair follicle makes a set of wavy hair.”
“I don’t possess curly hair, but straight hair. Arm patch number one, did the first king of Pamburg have head of curly hair?”
“Access denied!”
She reached down and tapped on each arm patch to view every different electronic image with a stern face. “Okay. This is a ‘very unique’ princely feature and maybe kingly too. Prince Estill has a tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which is located on the left side of the hairline. It looks funny, since he does not bother cutting off the individual white colored hair strands from the hairline and then slicks back the white hair lock down over the skull, making it look even funnier. Princess Smetana has a tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which was located at the same hairline too. They are truly and really a biological sister and brother. I don’t possess that unique hairline feature of a white lock among the amber shading my hair. Arm patch number one, did the first king of Pamburg have a tiny lock of white tinted hair on the hairline?”
“Access denied!”
She exhaled with a puff of determination and scanned each digital image on each arm patch with a stern face. “Princess Zaid and Prince Lopeeco share the same aristocratic nose. Princess Encarbod and Prince Tantum share the same hooked nose. Prince Gasper and Princess Gotterina share a crooked nose underneath a pretty smile. I don’t possess a crooked nose like Princess Gotterina. I got a cute button nose like my mother. I bet. Arm patch number one, did the first king of Pamburg have one of the following nose poses such like an aristocratic nose, a hooked nose, a crooked nose, a button nose, or a straight nose?”
“Access denied!”
She tapped on each arm patch and continued to scan each digital image with a stern face. “Prince Vinton and Princess Yawnett share a cute cleft chin that goes sideways on the face. I don’t have a cleft chin. I have a heart shaped face with a slightly pointy chin. Arm patch number one, did the first king of Pamburg have a sideways cleft chin?”
“Access denied!”
“Yeah, of course it is so!” She exhaled with a puff of annoyance and reached down, tapping on each arm patch to see every different electronic image with a stern face. “Prince Boykin has a set of buck teeth, making his smile really ugly and his sneer really nasty. Princess Lucidew shares the same set of buck teeth, making her smile really ugly. They are a biological sister and brother. I don’t have buck teeth. Arm patch one, show me the straight teeth of the first Pamburg King!”
The voice of the arm patch number one on her forearm droned for all eardrums. “Access denied!”
She smiled. “I have really pretty straight teeth. Arm patch number one, did the first king of Pamburg have one of the following teeth conditions, such like, buck teeth, crooked teeth, or straight teeth?”
“Access denied!”
She exhaled with a puff of annoyance and continued to tap on each arm patch to see every different electronic image with a stern face. “Princess Sinnot and Prince Neave share a set of long fingers on a pair of elegant hands for maybe drawing and a long pair of lean legs for maybe dancing. I don’t have a set of long fingers for drawing a picture or a pair of long legs for dancing a musical step. Arm patch number one, did the first king of Pamburg have a set of long fingers or a pair of lean legs?”
“Access denied!”
She exhaled with a puff of annoyance and continued to tap on each arm patch to see every different electronic image with a gasp and a laugh. “Prince Octon has a set of dumbo looking earlobes. Princess Beebelle possesses the same set of dumbo earlobes. How did that happen? Arm patch one, how is it possible for a princess to have a set of dumbo earlobes as opposed to a set of regular earlobes like mine?”
The voice of the arm patch number one on her forearm droned for all eardrums. “A set of ugly earlobes is a genetic trait. The field of genetics is the science of heredity and variety in a single living organism, such like, a common physical trait of hair color, a leaf shape, or the height size. A genetic trait is inherited through a set of genes that come from one parent which was usually controlled by one single gene.”
“Thank you, arm patch one!” She exhaled. “So, I don’t display a set of rounded and enlarged earlobes that protruded from each side of my face like Princess Beebelle. Arm patch one, did the first king of Pamburg have a pair of silly dumbo looking earlobes?”
“Access denied!”
She reached down and tapped on each arm patch to find a new feature on each prince and princess. “That could be true or false with the set of dumbo looking earlobes on the first king of Pamburg. That probably was why the ancient and dead royal males wore a set of long shoulder length hair to keep from killing another male that made fun of his silly dumbo earlobes. So still, I don’t know anything more here about the first king of Pamburg. So, I will keep looking for one tiny feature that comes from the first king of Pamburg. Does any other prince or princess possess a funny set of earlobes?” She continued to tap and scan through each digital picture with a stern face. “No! Okay. Let us move down to the next body part of each prince and princess and find the next prominent physical feature,” she tapped on each arm patch and scanned each digital picture with a stern face. “Princess Teath possesses an extended pinky finger. It looks really weird. I bet that she can really twirl a shaft very well. The extra space between the pinky finger and the ring finger would allow the shaft to hang onto the edge of her hand without dropping down to the floor all the time like mine. Hmm! That is a good advantage in a vicious fight when twirling the shaft between all the fingers too,” she continued to tap and scan each digital picture on each arm patch with a stern face. “Wait! Stop, arm patch two, what is that? Arm patch two, what is Princess Arcanna doing with her pink tinted tongue?”
The voice of the arm patch number two on her other forearm droned for all eardrums. “The mouth action is called a tongue roll.”
Pamburg Lady Number Six laughed with a smile, “A tongue roll, how quaint?” She stuck out a tongue and twisted around in the air without success, sucking it back into a smile with a giggle. “I can’t roll my tongue. That is a unique trick, arm patch two.”
The voice of the arm patch number two on her other forearm droned for all eardrums. “A tongue roll into a tube is not a unique trick. It is a genetic trait. The field of genetics is the science of heredity and variety in a single living organism, such like, a common physical trait of hair color or a leaf shape, or the height size. A genetic trait is inherited through a set of genes that come from one parent which was usually controlled by one single gene.”
She frowned. “Yeah! You keep repeating your voice pattern sentences into my eardrums which are quiet annoying too. I am going to be here until my work shift starts at six o’clock with my single question. Arm patch two, did the first king of Pamburg have one of the following sets of physical features, such like, a crooked pinky finger or an extended pinky finger, or a roll of the tongue into a semi-round tube?”
The voice of the arm patch number two on her other forearm droned for all eardrums. “Please restate the question!”
She gasped. “What does that mean: restate the question? You…you have an answer to the question. Which feature do you have any answer for?”
The voice of the arm patch number two on her other forearm droned for all eardrums. “Please restate the question!”
She smiled, “All right. Okay. Here goes something! Arm patch two, did the first king of Pamburg have a crooked pinky finger?”
“Access denied!”
She smiled. “I am not done here. all right! He might have possessed a set of crooked pinky finger. I don’t know, but the arm patch does. Arm patch two, did the first king of Pamburg have an extended pinky finger like Princess Teath?”
“Access denied!”
She giggled with a grin. “Last question, arm patch two, did the first king have a roll of the tongue into a semi-round tube like Princess Arcanna?”
The voice of the arm patch two on her other forearm droned for all eardrums. “No.”
She gasped with shock. “You…you answered my question for the first time. Why did you answer that particular inquiry about the tongue rolling, arm patch number two?”
The voice of the arm patch two on her other forearm droned for all eardrums. “The answer is a genetic trait within the stored DNA profile of the first king, which is not unique to the first royal of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
She stood upright and tossed both arms that held the two attached arm patches with a smile, wiggling both hips with joyous happiness. “I found it,” Pamburg Lady Number Six sat back down inside the loveseat with a giggle and a grin, bouncing up and down on top of the torn and ratty loveseat with glee. “I found it. I found something. Arm patch two, what is a genetic trait?”
The voice of the arm patch number two on her other forearm droned for all eardrums. “The field of genetics is the science of heredity and variety in a single living organism, such like, a common physical trait of hair color or a leaf shape or the height size. A genetic trait is inherited through a set of genes that come from one parent which was usually controlled by one single gene.”
She gasped with a smile. “O. I get it now. A genetic trait is both a physical feature which is seen by the eyeballs and an ability which is not seen by the eyeballs. The ability to roll the tongue into a hollow tube-like presentation comes from only one parent, not both parents. So, I cannot roll my tongue. So, Princess Arcanna is not my biological sister. So, the mother of Princess Arcanna is not my mother, either. That statement is confusing to my neurons,” exhaling. “However, there could be an ability of the first king of Pamburg which is different from a physical feature within his ancient DNA. Yes. Yes. I found a way to ID the Pamburg king, since the genetic trait only comes from him, not his wife, the first ancient queen. What is the genetic trait of the first ancient king of Pamburg?”
The voice of the arm patch number two droned for all eardrums. “Please restate the question!”
She frowned. “Okay. Display a typed listing of all known genetic traits of every known native within the Pamburg Kingdom on the arm patch, arm patch two!”
Both arm patch numbers one and two screen filled the screen with numerous columns of genetic traits in silence and as the voice of the arm patch number two droned on her other forearm for all eardrums. “The typed listing of all known genetic traits of every known native within the Pamburg Kingdom has been displayed on both your arm patches.”
She gasped. “Wow! There are rows and rows and rows of Pamburg genetic traits. Okay. We will start on the first line and the first genetic trait and then go down each column until exhausted. This is going to take me hours and hours to complete. I hope to complete before my work shift at six o’clock. Well, it is still two o’clock in the morning. I got lots of time before not sleeping and not eating.
“But, it is still the early morning time period. That old bat is still asleep, since she is old and sleeps a lot. So, at the end of the hours and hours of my search, I will know of all the unique genetic traits that the first Pamburg king possessed. Then, I can somehow claim the same duplication to all the eardrums of the royals and the natives of Pamburg too. I mean rolling a tongue is a stupid genetic trait. There must be a really easy one. Okay. Here we go! I see on the first line. The first genetic trait is wiggling the earlobes,” she closed both eyelashes and shifted the two eyebrows up and down trying to wiggle both her earlobes with a giggle and a grin, opening the eyelashes with a smile. “Nope! I don’t possess that genetic trait. Honestly! I didn’t know a person could do that body trick. Arm patch two, did the first king of Pamburg possess a genetic trait ability to wiggle each side of both earlobes?” She giggled with a grin.
The voice of the arm patch number two on her other forearm droned for all eardrums. “No!”
“Arm patch two, did the first king of Pamburg possess a genetic trait where he experienced a migraine headache?”
“No!”
“Arm patch two, did the first king of Pamburg possess a genetic trait for a tone deafness of the eardrums?”


5th hour (early morn)

Prince House location

Top floor level
Interior control room setting


The young Pamburg squire with a head of amber hair, a tone of amber skin, and a pair of amber colored eyeballs stared down with a confused brow at each arm patch that was mounted onto a naked forearm. Each screen showed a line of all the current Pamburg princes and princesses. “What have I found? What have I concluded?” He exhaled with a huff of failure. “What else?” He laughed. “There are too many princes and princesses running around the continent. Someone should eliminate about ninety percent of snobby royals. Then we can have a real royal party. What else?” He grinned. “Besides the obvious view of each still or casual glamour pose, every native totes around a shaft like me. Thus, every royal can wand a shaft like me. But all my shaft skills are a little rustier, since I have been a father for the pass sixteen years, not a battle worn warrior.” He reached down and tapped on the screen to see the new digital colorful photograph of a Pamburg princess with a stern face. “Each sister princess displays the same amber colored hair in different hair textures and length, the same amber skin tone on different heights and weights, and the same pair of amber eyeballs on a different shaped face which is similar feature of each Pamburg prince. However, each sister princess is not the daughter of King Conic or Queen Shemerry as prattled by the older squire. So, who’s your daddy, little girl?” He tossed a skull with a loud laugh.
The door slid open with a soft swish sound and revealed an average sized older squire male with a head of grayish-amber colored head and a smile. Pamburg Squire Thirty-six gasped in alarm and stared ahead at the viewer screen with the glittering crystal gates in silence. The older squire entered inside the control room with a stern face and stopped, standing in the middle of the room, staring at the gigantic viewing screen which showed the rear view of a set of closed crystal glittering gates in the sunlight and hunted for any type of mechanic or non-mechanic problem. “I want to thank you. You have been so obligating to work on the graveyard shift…”
“Shaft me!” He continued to sit inside the chair and rolled both eyeballs with a whisper for his eardrums only, looking up with a stern face to see the viewing screen of the twin glittering gates. He reached down and slid both jacket sleeves down over to hide the exposed set of arm patch while concealing the new information and digitals pictures.
“No other squire wants to stay awake during the late night much less work inside the Gate House during the early, early morning hours,” the older squire moved ahead with an ugly yawn toward the long control panel with a set of fourteen individual chairs to perform the monitoring work. “I guess as they said it is dead in here.”
“My dead mother, too.”
“Well, it five in the morning right now. You can leave and go back to sleep inside your chamber room for the rest of the morning until…”
Pamburg Squire Thirty-six stood upright and spun around from the viewer screen with a gasp to see the older squire with a puzzled brow. “Why am I leaving right now from the Gate House? My gate shift ends at six in the morning, not at five in the morning.”
The older Pamburg squire moved ahead with a smile and studied the screen that showed the glittering rear side of the two crystal gates. “I will stay in here and watch the two gates for any activity for the rest of the morning until the regular crew members are up and awake. Good night!”
He frowned. “What is wrong? What has happened?”
The older Pamburg squire stopped in front of the console and leaned over, slapping the collar bone of the younger squire with a laugh. “Nothing is wrong in here! Was there any problems from last night?”
He frowned. “Something is not right.”
“Why would you say that?”
“I am a former prince too. No squire has ever substituted with another squire for any reason, except if there was trouble with the teen-ass princes. Is there some trouble with the teen princes like coming from…”?
“No.”
He growled. “Yes, you lie very well for an older squire.”
The older Pamburg squire turned with a sigh and nodded with a stern face to the younger squire. “Yes, something is wrong.”
He gasped. “What is wrong? What has happened?”
The older squire turned back and looked down, rotating all fingers over the console with a stern face. “The Prince Walk has been cancelled for the day. That is all. I had hoped it would have been done today. I was scheduled to return back to my village this afternoon. However, the bad news is that my departure from the Prince Hall has been delayed.”
“When will the Prince Walk begin?”
The older squire looked up with a smile to see the rear of the gates. “Tomorrow morning, I was told from the oldest squire that rules over all the squats. Go and enjoy the free hours of the morn!”
“Why are you in here now with me?”
“I was restless after hearing the news. I wanted something to do besides pacing around the empty hallways. All the teen princes are asleep. The early morning squats are preparing the morning breakfast meals. Good night, squire!”
Pamburg Squire Thirty-six nodded with a fake smile down at the grayish-amber colored hair roots of the older squire. “Thanks for the free morning time, squire. Good night to you, also,” he spun around to face the closed door and dashed ahead. The door opened with a soft swish. He exited from the gate room and into the empty hallway with a sour frown. “Something is still not right, but that is not my problem,” he slowly strolled down the hallway toward the sleep apartment and looked down, pulling up one of the jacket sleeve, tapping on the screen to access more of the numerous digital photographs of each prince and princess with a sneer. “This is my problem finding which prince or princess is the real heir to the Pamburg throne. Then I will kill him or her and take the royal seat from the young teen,” softly chuckling.


6th hour (early morn)


Kingdom of the Wind

Home of Marquee Jennessee and Marquise Fallacious
   First royal princess Ovilla, second royal prince Exmore
     and dead third royal princess Sedottie


Forest landscape with colorful flowers and pink leaves
Cool temperatures and parted clouds of bright sunlight

Tree house number twenty-seven 
Master bedroom interior setting of Princes Strawn and Cumberrun


Between the waters of the two Great Oceans, there existed a set of numerous continents. One of the largest was not named but was composed of numerous vast kingdoms with an individual ruler. The alliance of the kingdoms was called the Confederation. Within the confederation, between the Kingdom of the Sand and the Kingdom of the Sun, there lied the Kingdom of the Wind.
Inside the bedroom on top of a set of yellow tinted wet bed linens, he awoke with a gasp and stared up into a red wooden ceiling, sitting upright on both elbows, sitting upright on both elbows, slowly scanning the unfamiliar room with a deep sigh. His fussy mind flooded backward in time with all the bad memories from yesterday including the royal deaths, the dangerous Delta water trip, the lost princess, and the two blonde-headed male dates. Strawn rolled off the bed mattress and stood upright in the nude with a tone of amber skin, a pair of amber eyeballs, and a cropped head of amber hair with a chuckle staring with a grin at his princely brother. Cumberrun was taller than Strawn with a head of shoulder length amber colored curls, a pair of amber eyeballs, and a tone of amber skin as he was sprawled on a back spine in a spread eagle pose in heavy snorts on top of the second parallel posed bed mattress. Strawn laughed with a nod. “Glad! I ain’t going to be your cozy princess, Cumberrat.”
Strawn exhaled with a deep sigh of worry and reached down, dressing back into the midnight blue battle gear, a pair of knee boots, and then covered the elegant Pamburg outfit with the silky girly dress. The dress was a separate short silk blouse of green, aqua blue, and pink and a longer blouse of light green, maroon, and peach colors with a headdress of beautiful scarves in yellow, black, and purple hues that fit around his skull of cropped amber colored hair roots. Finally, he wrapped a long scarf of gold and brown around the waistline that held his weapon, a shaft of death.
Yesterday, Strawn and Cumberrun had left their home land of Pamburg Kingdom on a hunt inside the Kingdom of the Wind which comprised two long parallel rows of elevated tree houses for the natives while looking for the surviving Princess Teath, before a vicious war broke out between the Confederation and the Pamburg Kingdom.
Inside the bedroom, he spun around to face the open archway and moved ahead with a set of loud footsteps that didn’t seem to bother his snorting brother Cumberrun, strolling around the unfamiliar tree house.
Within the Kingdom of the Winds, each native family unit lived inside a tree house in the air and off the ground. Each tree house was a hollowed out interior within an extremely large and wide red bark colored single tree. The tree house interior was only one flat level in the middle of the tree bark with an outside deck of yellow tinted flat wooden planks as the overhead rooftop was an overstory canopy of numerous entwining red and yellow colored tree branches that held zillions of pink tinted tiny leaves.
Strawn moved out from the bedroom portal opening and stopped, standing inside the middle of an extremely large room with a smile, scanning the beautiful interior in silence.
The interior of the tree house held an entrance room which encompassed the entire wide of the tree house from side to side. Then each side wall was curvy with a set of sideways oval shaped windows without a single pane of glass. Each oval and curvy shaped open window allowed a nice cool cross breeze of wind that made the room very chilled. The entrance room had three living room settings of furniture for a party of fifty natives with numerous pieces of art works between the windows on the red bark curved walls. 
He spun around to see the forward wall. On the opposite side of the entrance wall, there was a curved solid red bark wall with a set of three portal openings that were painted in different colors. The master bedroom was dotted in red colors around the curved portal opening, where Strawn had exited and left sleepy Cumberrun. The middle portal opening was covered green horizontal lines. On the extreme side, the last portal opening was painted in a set of yellow curved vertical lines.
He strolled toward the last portal out of curiosity and stopped, standing inside the archway with a laugh, back stepping into the middle of the room, pointing at each archway with a smile and a loud voice. “O. I see it now. The red color means stop. Do not ever enter inside your mommy and daddy’s private bedroom, while they are making love and fucking like mating bears. The yellow hue means caution, since the room is the child or teen or young adult’s private bedroom while they are fighting with each other. And finally, the green must mean go and do something,” he moved ahead and stopped, standing inside the open archway with a nod and a laugh, “Yip! The eating space is here with all the food trays for my hunger belly.”
Strawn had found the eating room and moved ahead, stopping, and stood in front of each red bark covered upper and lower cabinet, slamming open and shut the doors while hunting for food, finding numerous colorful items, and prepared a tray. 
He lifted the tray near a face and slowly spun around, chewing on each food item while allowing Cumberrun to slumber for a little while longer. Then, they needed to quickly leave this particular tree house before each male dancer awoke and sounded the alarm of distress about a set of strange and ugly females inside their private tree house.


Outdoor deck platform setting


He moved ahead and held the portal tray of food with a hot beverage, continuing to eat the good food, stepping through the entrance room, out the portal opening, and onto the outside flat deck. The external deck was a long and wide platform of yellow tinted wooden planks without a hand railing which was nicely covered by the canopy. The beams of sunlight dotted the wooden planks warming the wood within the cool temperatures of new dawn.
A set of numerous dancing yellow tinted plant vines swung back and forth coming in and out from the thick grove of tall trees that allowed for easy body transportation from tree house to another tree house without touching the mashed down soil of pink dried and healthy leave on the ground. He stood upright in place and scanned the landscape, grinning with a mouth of food. “It is beautiful here.”
His eardrums heard the musical song that was composed of loud drums and soft trumpets in the close distance that came from the direction of the two nasty whipping vines on the set of two yellow colored trees which was the real entrance into the Kingdom of the Wind.
He moved ahead and stopped near the edge of the wooden platform that didn’t have a set of wooden railing. If the fool were drunk or stupid and then purposefully or accidentally fell off the open dick while dropping down the forty-foot-tall platform, the fool would die instantly.
His eyeballs focused on the row of natives. There were numerous straight rows with a set of young and pretty semi-naked dancers that wiggled side to side over the ground of dried and healthy pink leaves. The bright yellow tinted sunlight occasionally hit a naked arm of a dancer or a covered native in a long skirt of many colors coming down from underneath a peek of the overstory trees. The air was filled with soft and slow musical songs where all the dancers slowly danced with a fiery sparkler in one hand. The numerous rows slowly moved over the forest floor which was composed an array of plants, mosses, fungi, insects, mammals, birds, reptiles, and amphibians living on the plants and animals and in the soil. The animals flew or scurried away from the feet of each dancer. The forest land was comprised of decomposing tree leaves, animal droppings, and dead tree branches. All the dead provided nutrients to the plants for growth and expansion.
Strawn smiled down at the rows of dancers with a whisper. “Wow! Cumberrat is right. All the half-naked girls here are a set of beautiful babes with a head of blonde hair, a pair of long legs, and a long neck. And everyone wears a colorful face patch.”
On the ground of pink tinted leaves, the first row was composed of the current set of royals from the Kingdom of the Wind riding on top of a black colored horse. The horses had been borrowed from the Kingdom of the Land, since the Wind used a set of tree plant vines as interior body transportation, not a machine or a beast.
Usually, any type of joyous ceremony was performed with cheery musical songs and dance movements of skips and leaps into the air for fun, but not today.  At the new dawn, the long parade of natives was mourning a dead royal.
Sedottie was dead. She had been the third royal princess of the Kingdom of the Wind and sister in duplicate appearance to first royal princess Ovilla, but no other royal had seemed to notice or care. Sedottie had been tall with a slender body frame and a set of long fingers on a pair of elegant hands for drawing or dancing, which was convenient. She had possessed a head of thin lightest blonde locks of hair with glowing pale skin tone with a set of green eyeballs and a set of buck teeth like her sister Ovilla but no other royal had seemed to notice or care. 
This morning, the dead and mingled body of Sedottie, within the wall corner, had been found by the Sand servants while bringing up the breakfast meal and then they up chucked their own breakfast meal over the semi-bloody bedroom floor. Then, all the Sand servants had run away from the sand castle and contacted the parents of Sedottie. The body of ripped flesh, dripping blood proteins, and the fragments of torn pink tinted organs, all parts and pieces had been collected by two teens Ovilla and Exmore inside the bedroom, after killing the whipping vine which protected the dead remains of Sedottie with a sharp shaft.
The Kingdom of the Wind was a flat forestland sight of miles and miles of tall red tinted barked trees with varied shaped pink tinted tiny leaves, scattered groups of short dark green or bright orange plant bushes, colorful rows of wildflowers, beams of yellow sunrays, and peeks of blue skyline. The natives lived and thrived inside a tree house that was covered with a natural canopy of tree limbs which consisted of dancers of music, artists of painting, and writers of poems.
In the first row, the mother of Sedottie Marquee Jennessee was the ruler and steered the mellow horse toward the end of the kingdom. The two columns of tall trees in the rear of the kingdom pushed up against a tall range of pink and bare rock covered mountains that opened to view a limitless blue skyline and a flat open valley of hard small tan tinted pebbles, without a single tree or a flowering plant. The valley of hard small tan colored pebbles protected the underwater streams of drinking water that flowed into each tree for life and for thirst of each native.
Exmore was settled behind back spine of his mother with a sour frown without thought or emotion between the folds of a thick blanket on top of the naked back spine of the horse. The royal brother of Sedottie Exmore rode on the last horse in the row possessing a slender body for dance and a set of long fingers for drawing also. He would not inherit the windy and vast bright and lush forestland of trees or carrying on the responsibility of dance entertainment within the Confederation.  Thus, he must marry another princess or become a dancer within a new unit on his home kingdom. Or Exmore could marry another dancer and still performed part of the dance company.
Jennessee steered the horse side to side over the ground of pink tinted leaves with a frown. “Exmore, you are very quiet. What is wrong, son?”
“Nothing.”
“There is something more here. We live inside the Kingdom of the Wind. The natives of the Wind are dancers of music, artists of painting, and writers of poems.”
“I am trained as a dancer like the wind.”
“Are you sad about your sister Sedottie?”
“Yeah.”
On the second borrowed black colored horse from the Kingdom of the Land, the father of dead Sedottie was Marquise Fallacious. He was a poet of love poems who enjoyed freedom as a royal and his wife as a royal ruler of the Wind. On the rear end of the horse, the sister of dead Sedottie Ovilla rode with her father.
First royal princess Ovilla was destined to become the next Marquee when her biological mother Jennessee retired without a fight or a fright or a bump or a bruise. Then, Ovilla would create and choreograph the same old dance routines and entertain the same old galaxy natives until her retirement date at the age of forty years, living a simple life behind the shadow of her future princess daughter.
The Kingdom of the Wind had always and will always be ruled by a princess female.
The life of dancer was very short which lasted for twenty years, since the body was pounded and bruised from a set of high energy activity of daily live performances. No life form wanted to see one single piece of an audio and visual tech tag that were recorded of a past performance.
Ovilla tossed both arms into the air with a sour frown behind the back spine of her father on top of the rump of the black horse. “You should have seen that yucky dead body of her in the wall corner, Daddy. Her guts were…are still all over both my hands, well, my pair of good lady gloves. My lady gloves look so disgusting and wet now. The red blood was wet and smelly and sticky…”
“Do you have anything else to say about your sister Sedottie, Ovilla?”
She exhaled. “Yeah, there was red blood everywhere on the bed, the walls, the floor, the windows. That whipping vine chopped her long body into tiny shreds of pink tissue of guts, white fragments of bones, blonde hair strands, and red blood cells that went everywhere. No one will ever live inside that sand castle again. It was the biggest mess that my eyeballs had ever seen as a princess. I was so disgusted that I couldn’t eat breakfast this morning. But, I am kinda hunger, now.”
“I hoped that Sedottie didn’t suffer too much.”
She tossed the arm into the air with a smile. “Yeah, she suffered a lot and she screamed a lot. Her mouth was opened like she had been screaming for hours and hours with no one to hear her shouts of pleas. The solid walls are solid sand crystals. No one can hear you scream between the thick walls of sand, Daddy.”
“Do you have anything else to add, Ovilla?”
“Yeah, she was a stupid princess to capture and hostage that alive and breathing whipping vine inside a tiny glass container. It was obvious the vine grew too big and then the glass broke open. Then, the vine cut loose and free. A whipping vine whips at the body leaving a set of red painted blood stains. Yeah, she was a dumb princess.”
He steered the horse side to side with a deep sigh and stared at the deck of each tree house with a sad face. “Thanks for your true comments about your sister Sedottie.”
She smiled. “Daddy, did I tell you that I am the witch in the Nab, the Numb play that you wrote? I’m going to be the best witch within the Public Presentation for next week. Then, I will be the newest imperatoress and marry the new imperator Modoc. We will both rule the Confederation.”
He smiled. “I am so proud, Ovilla.”
The parade of mourning natives slowly moved down the long pathway of pink leaves.
On top of the deck of the tree house, Strawn could hear the loud grunts of Cumberrun inside the interior room of the tree house and slowly spun around with a smile, toting the food tray, and entered back into the entrance room.
On the ground of pink tinted, behind the first row of royals, there were rows of dancers in a skimpy dance outfit, rows of writers in a short silk skirt, and rows of older natives in a longer silk robe with a face scarf.
In the last row, a team of six white goats pulled forward on a long platform of red tree bark with the dead body of Sedottie which had been encased inside a green colored body wrap.
The parade slowly moved down the soil of pink tinted dried and wet leaves toward the end of the tree pathway.


Master-bedroom setting of Prince Cumberrun


Strawn moved through the archway and quickly slid the empty tray of food over a flat side table that was made of ugly fossilized red tree wood planks, strolling ahead toward the wall of three open archways with the thoughts of finding Princess Teath this morning and stopped with a gasp. He stood a few feet inside the master-bedroom and stared down with a sour frown at the action.
Cumberrun leaned down over one of the two drugged and sleepy dancers on the floor and stabbed a large hunting knife down into the rib cage of the pretty blonde-haired dancer on the floor, twisting it viciously to the side while slicing up the kidney with a sneer into the eardrum of the drugged dancer. “That’s for snorting,” he withdrew the bloody knife with a pink tissue of kidney guts of the dead dancer and then stabbed the same knife into the heart valve of the dancer with a sneer into the eardrum of the dead dancer. “That’s for no hot water,” he withdrew the bloody knife with a set of pink tissues of the heart of the dancer and stabbed it down into the eyeball of the same dancer with a sneer into the eardrum of the same dead dancer. “That’s for a misery date,” he withdrew the bloody knife with the eyeball of the dead dancer attached, flinging the eyeball into the air as the eyeball of the dancer hit the wall. Strawn groaned in grossly disgust and stared at the bloody single eyeball. Cumberrun reached down and stabbed the right lung of the same dead dancer with a sneer down into the eardrum of the same dead dancer. “That’s for trying to kiss me.”
Strawn exhaled with a huff of annoyance and turned back, staring at the naked back spine of his princely brother with a sour frown. “What in the hell are you doing, Prince Cumberrat?”
Cumberrun stood upright and wiped off the fresh blood splatters from a distorted face and numerous naked body parts with a growl. “I’m destroying all the physical evidence of my presence here. Didn’t your squire teach you that method, too, Prince Strawn?”
He moved ahead and stopped with a gasp, back stepping, staring down at fresh red colored blood puddles with a sour frown and then studied the two dead bodies on the floor with a sour frown and an annoying tone. “Why did you kill our handsome blonde haired male dates, Cumberrat? The two males were really nice and brought us back to their warm and cozy home environment. The bed mattress was soft and comfortable. I got a good night’s sleep.”
Cumberrun sneered down at the two dead bodies and waved the bloody knife into the air with a growl. “Fuck our dates! He touched my hand. He touched my breath. He touched my…”
“Yes!” Strawn laughed at the back spine of his princely brother.
Cumberrun pointed the bloody knife down at his dead dancer date with a sneer. “He died with all my girly secrets.”
He exhaled with a huff of frustration. “You’re making a mess in blood. Be sure to wipe off both your naked and blood covered footies, before putting back on your boots. Blood will ruin a good pair of leather. Go and get dressed right now! We need to go, Cumberrun.”
Cumberrun continued to wipe off the fresh blood from his body and mouth spat down at their two male dates from last night, saying with a sneer. “Do we still have to wear these silky girly clothes, again, this morning? I wore my battle gear underneath the girly clothing.”
Strawn back stepped from the rolling blood puddle and stood inside the archway with a stern face. “Yes, we do. Yes, we can’t be seen. Yes, we don’t look like the true natives.”
“Nobody, like me, knows what a true native looks like or smells like here within the Kingdom of the Wind. We could easier fit inside here. I say that we ditch the girly clothing and use our shaft to defense our asses, in case of curious eyeballs or curious moving lips. Why do they wear a scarf and a long dress like us, anyways?”
“The dancers wear almost no clothing while shaking their grove. I would guess it is part of the entertainment show. All the non-dancers wear a scarf over an ugly skull and a long skirt over a pair of ugly fat legs.”
Cumberrun laughed. “That doesn’t make any sense, Strawn.”
Strawn frowned. “Forget that mental thought process! Let’s leave and go right now! It’s the start of new day. We’re burning up the good sunlight. I wanna fly around the vines and dash through all the public tree houses one more time while seeking Teath for a last time.”
Cumberrun exhaled with a huff of frustration. “We did that all last night without stopping and without food and without rest. She ain’t here. We should move onto the next kingdom. We don’t have a life time to find Teath. If the squire is correct, then the army of the Confederation will be attacking our home kingdom any day or any time, now.”
Strawn exhaled with a smile and a nod of confidence. “I saw the tablet of smooth stone. I heard the tale of the squire. However, the Confederation does not have an army, only a set of natives that work for a living. We don’t possess an army of warriors, only a set of villages of workers. No one knows that the king and the queen of Pamburg are dead. No one knows that only one princess survived the Princess Walk but me, you, and that squire. He will not tell a living soul. Everyone knows that gossip moves faster than a forest fire. Then, there will be a war between the Pamburg Kingdom and the Confederation.”
Cumberrun nodded with a smile at his princely brother. “You’re really wise for a teen asshole. You should be king of Pamburg, after we find this missing princess, Strawn.”
“She is actually the queen of Pamburg. So, we do need to find her very quickly and quietly. And I would like to be the king of Pamburg as long as I don’t have to fight a damn gator. No one wins with a gator.”
“I heard that one.” Cumberrun spun around with a laugh and moved ahead, exiting the tree house and stood on top of the platform. The numerous wiggling vines danced side to side across the air waves for any flyer. “How are we going to find Teath? I don’t know what she looks like.”
Strawn exhaled with a nod. “That is the one thousandth and sixteenth time you have said that statement. She has amber hair, amber skin, and amber eyeballs like me and you. When we see her, we can’t miss her. Go and wash off that bloody knife before a wild animal smells the fresh blood puddles. Then, it will wanna eat your body. And I won’t stop it.”
Cumberrun moved ahead and scooted around the two dead bodies toward the open archway of the bathroom with a smile, “Awe! You’re such a good princely brothers,” he entered the bathroom and slammed the door shut.


Kingdom of the Snow

Home of Queen Ylangling and husband King Amoywane
   First royal princess Kamela, second royal prince Datto
      and third royal prince Lorchess


Snow covered mountain peak
Cold temperatures with clouds and bright sunlight

Pamburg jettie of Princess Teath
Cockpit interior setting


She stirred awake from the long nightly slumber and blinked both eyelashes open, seeing a bright light on the side of the wall, shading both eyeballs from harm.
The dead mother of Teath formed into a bright outline of a female in the bright tint of lavender hues on the side steel wall inside the upside down and entrapped jettie and as she wore a worried face. “My daughter, you must leave now.”
Teath rolled side to side over the smooth floor with a loud grunt of sore muscles and slowly stood upright, stretching out arching limbs, performing a set of ugly yawns with a soft moan. “Yeah, yeah, I’m going. I’m getting up. I’m…”
“You must leave right now. There are a set of traveling adventurers coming to you.”
Teath opened the eyeballs and stared at the lavender tint outline of her dead mother. “What is an adventurer?”
“They are the natives of the Kingdom of the Snow. They go out from their home and hunt for food for the day to fest at night within the coldness of the kingdom. They will see the sun flash of the unnatural silver tinted material on your jettie. Then, they will invade with weapons that will harm you and the jettie. You must leave. Leave, right now!”
She gasped with a nod of fear. “Okay. Okay. I’m leaving from here,” Teath leaned down and grabbed the shaft. The jettie had crash landed upside on the rooftop of the ship. She reared back and aimed the shaft at the control panel on top of the new rooftop which was really the floor of the ship, pitching the shaft at the control panel to activate the jettie power. She shifted side to side with nervousness. “Harpy! It’s a good thing that I’m a princess of Pamburg Kingdom.” The flying shaft missed and hit the top of the ceiling with a soft ting, dropping down and landed onto the floor. Teath dashed over and leaned down, picking up the shaft, standing upright and back stepped into the same spot. She reared back and pitched the shaft again with a loud grunt, “It is a good thing that I can fly a jettie.” The shaft missed and hit the top of the ceiling again, dropping down and landed onto the floor. “How long does it take to get to the Kingdom of the Lakes? Am I almost there?” Teath dashed over and leaned down, picking up the shaft, standing upright with a grunt, running backwards, and stopped, standing in the same spot. She reared back and pitched the shaft again with a loud grunt.
The dead mother said. “It will take one hundred and thirteen minutes flying at the maximum speed of the jettie. The jettie is a short surface to surface air flight vehicle, not an overlong land or sea trip. Once the ship has departed from the broken tree branches, it will twirl side to side. You must quickly gain control of the guidance system and fly the ship straight and forward toward the southern direction. Or the jettie will crash land again, my daughter.”
“Got it! Is the number thirteen an unlucky number, dead mother?” She reared back and pitched the shaft again with a loud grunt at the control panel. The shaft missed the stick again and hit down over the floor. “Harpy, it is a good thing that I’m going to the south instead of the north, since the front of the jettie faces south, not north.”
“Hurry, daughter!”
Teath frowned in frustration. “I am trying here.” The shaft missed the gliding stick and hit the side wall, falling over the floor again. She ran ahead and slid into the wall, leaning down, and snatched the shaft from the floor base, back stepping and reared an arm backwards. She stopped and stood in place, biting a lower lip, tossing the shaft at the upside protruded gliding stick and hit it with success. Bursts of white bright light blinked her eyelashes while pains of metal deafened inside both of her eardrums throughout the interior of the jettie. Teath dropped the shaft and then covered both eardrums with a sour frown and a loud yell, “Why’s it so loud?”
The dead mother of Teath frowned. “You are upside down, Teath. The engines are roaring and echoing throughout the air current which makes the volume inside the interior very loud and the engines will notify the hunting party. Quickly, get moving, daughter!”
Teath uncovered both eardrums with a distorted face and reached down, snatching up the shaft with a sour frown, pitching it through the air again. The shaft hit the control panel on the second smaller protruded guiding stick that controlled the forward motion.  Then the ship slowly moved forward while breaking free from the numerous broken tree branches and the thick piles of fresh new snowflakes. Teath fall backward over the floor base onto a back spine and tossed all limbs up into the air with a loud grunt and a shout, “Harpy! Dead mother?” she exhaled with a set of loud grunts of pain.
The lavender hue slowly decreased on the silver tinted wall and as a tiny voice said. “Go, my daughter! Leave from here right now. When you land on top of one of the abandoned river barges inside the Kingdom of the Lakes, I will appear again on the solid wall and then return back to you and instruct you farther with your baby Forger skills. You can only reach me on a solid object like a wall. I will return. I promise. Good luck, my daughter!”
The jettie violently rocked side to side moving forward through the free air waves over the snow banks and the snow peaks of the mountain range, soaring through the blue sky “Harpy!” Teath tumbled to side to side over the floor and rolled along with jettie feeling the swift acceleration of the engine, steering higher into the sky. “I’m still upside down. Get upside right!” She slowly stood upright and wobbled side to side with a loud grunt with the rolling jettie, rearing back an arm, tossing the shaft the flat panel control as she tried to hit the spot where the jettie would flip and fly upright. The shaft hit the side of the panel control with a loud ting and then dropped down, falling with gravity back down to the floor “Harpy!” She dropped down and stumbled side to side ahead on both kneecaps with the rolling jettie and reached out, snatching up the shaft and crawled backwards, stopping, and stood upright with a wobble with the rolling jettie. She reared back an arm and tossed the shaft at the flat control panel again and missed it again. “Harpy!” the shaft dropped down with gravity and landed onto the floor. She dropped down and stumbled side to side ahead on both kneecaps with the rolling jettie toward the shaft again.



Kingdom of the Wind

Home of Marquee Jennessee and Marquise Fallacious
   First royal princess Ovilla, second royal prince Exmore
     and dead third royal princess Sedottie


Forest landscape with colorful flowers and pink leaves

Bright sunshine and warm temperatures
Stone valley of tan colored pebbles setting

Funeral pile of dead third royal princess Sedottie


The rows of natives split down the middle and moved to the side over the flat set of small pebbles, gathering into a set of long organized vertical lines. The musicians continue to bang the drums and played a sad song.
In the middle of the flat rocks, there was an outline of a red colored tree trunk which had been constructed of broken red colored tree branches with a flat rooftop of pink tinted leaves which represented one of the many residential tree houses.
The team of six goats veered to the side and turned, steering underneath the middle of the tree trunk frame and as Marquee Jennessee pressed the remote control devise. Then each set of short reins on each neck of the goat dropped down, falling down onto the rocks. Each goat quickly sprinted out from the weird tree with a loud ba-ba and spun around, dashing away from the crowd of dancers and writers in panic and fear toward its home on the other side of the kingdom while a set of cooks waited for the new funeral meal.
The first person on each side column of dancers skipped ahead from the straight line and turned, dancing over the rocks, moving toward the tree trunk with the dead body of Sedottie, crossing the sideway pathway with the other person from the opposite line. Each dancer leaped into the air and tossed down the hand sparker of fire at the nicely designed artistic tree trunk. The hand sparkler landed on top the dry bark and ignited into tiny spark and then died out.
Then the second person on each side of the column of natives danced behind the first person, leaping into the air, and tossed the hand sparker of fire at the artist tree trunk with the dead body of Sedottie. The tiny spark ignited and then quickly died from the light breeze.
Then, a slow parade of individual persons moved ahead from the opposite lines in a swift dance or a slow pace, crossing paths, tossing the hand sparker on top of the artistic tree trunk alter of Sedottie and as each hand sparker ignited into flame while building into a fire that started to consume the medium sized artistic tree of real and dried tree branches with the dead body of Sedottie inside.
The last person of the last row of natives slowly moved ahead and crossed the pathway, tossing the hand sparker into a blazing bonfire of blue, yellow, and green colors in silence, moving back and stood in the same spot with a sad face.
Marquee Jennessee lifted and slapped the aqua colored cheekbone face patch on each face of every native, saying with a sad face and a whisper. “Our beloved princess has been burnt and then she will be carried away through the winds toward her final resting place within the Kingdom of the Wind. Please, all go and return back home. There is no work for the day. If you have any worry or concern, please talk with your parents or your family members or your friends. The royal family is heading back to the sand castles within the Kingdom of the Sand. We will be available for any conversation later in the afternoon. Thank you! Try to have a joyous day!”
The long lines of natives slowly turned around and formed back into the shorts rows of dancers and writers and as band of musician played a sad song.
Jennessee slid off the horse and moved ahead toward a single airship over the ground of small colored pebbles with a sour frown. “We are required to attend a royal meeting inside the Assembly Hall with Kung. Please follow me, my teens!”
Exmore slid off the horse and slowly followed behind his mother toward the single airship with a sour frown. Ovilla slid off the horse and down into the arms of her father with a smile, standing upright and turned, slowly moving with her father toward the same airship.
Jennessee entered first and slid down, staring the engine of the airship while waiting on the members of her royal family. After each family member had entered and settled down into a rear chair behind her back spine, she slammed the controls and lifted the airship up from the ground of small colored pebbles, flying quickly toward the row of sand castles.
A few minutes later, within the blue skyline of the Kingdom of the Wind and above the tall rocky peaks of the mountain range, a scattered fleet of beaten up and rusty airships coming from the Freelands safely flew over each rock peak. Each airship slowed air speed and landed down on the hard surface on each side of the smoking bonfire one at a time while the rows of dancers, writers, and elderly people of the Wind slowly moved ahead back down the pink tinted leafy pathway to a tree house to begin a new day of sorrow and sadness.
The lead airship settled in front of the flittering smoky fire of dead burning tree limbs and the burnt bones of princess Sedottie first. The hatch door slid vertically open and revealed a super tall and super muscular male. The male moved ahead through the archway with a sneer and down the ramp in great strides on a pair of long legs, waving an arm with a shaft into the air. Each hatch door opened and revealed a gang of faces with a shaft. He shouted. “To all the scout teams, go out and search each house for our daughters. Then, capture each native and question about our daughters. If the person doesn’t know the answer where our daughters are located, then you have my permission to kill him or her on site. To all the destroyer teams, go and follow behind each scout teams and then burn each tree down into the ground. We will live and lead a trail of fire and destruction.”
The shorter male raced down the ramp of the airship running behind the super tall male with a worried brow, pulling up beside the leader with a worried brow. “Sir, I am afraid.”
The super tall and super muscular male scanned each tree and the tree house in the far distance with a worried brow. “I am afraid too.”
The shorter male looked back over a collar bone to see the gathering of the servants coming out from each airship that carried a shaft. “Sir, I fear for each life.”
“Over the years, a father had served as a man-servant who had been lucky enough to produce a family of biological sons that served the fat and obese administrators of the Freelands and the wealthy families and their neighbors of the administrators of the east. Then one day, a father was blessed with an infant daughter. His heart was filled with love and happiness. Then, at the age of fourteen, his teenage daughter was taken away from her father while the young teen daughter screamed in fears and cries of worry. Then, his heart was filled with worry and hate. He hated the administrators of the Freelands. The row of administrators still had honored the exchange of food and materials for a wagon of young blinded teenager female daughters of each man-servant without a furious word or a splatter of bloodshed. Only each guard had eye witnessed the terrible event. The teenage female was unharmed, but her elderly father was beaten until bloody and unconscious for the vicious fight, since a man-servant was too valuable to kill. So, each man-servant lived in pain and suffering until the day they would gather and free their precious daughter from the new set of administrators. Thus, I fear for each daughter.”
The shorter male returned back and narrowed both eyelids, examining each tree and tree house. “Sir, I would like to point out that the forest is lush with other viable and living wildlife that could be very valuable during our livelihood as we occupy all the new territory lands for farms and shelter. Once we win the conflict of interest, we can use the bark and the ….”
The super tall male marched ahead and turned to see the scenery. Two rows of lush tall shade trees stood apart where flocks of birds flew above the air. Several rows of people slowly moved ahead in front the burning tree. “No. The viable and living wildlife animals are smarter than the stupid people. They will leave and seek out a new safe shelter. No! The Confederation must end in a tall flame of bright red fire and a high plume of black ugly smoke. Burn all the trees down to the ground now. Start here! The peaks of the rock mountain will ensure the protection of our home, the Freelands. After the complete defeat of every single native of the Confederation, we return back home and start our new life without Kung and his royals.” 
“Yes sir!” The shorter male spun around with a nod and pointed at the captain of each scout team. The scout team moved ahead and dashed by the super tall male and split into groups, invading the first two tree houses.
The super tall male moved ahead with a sneer, hearing the screams of the tormented natives of the Kingdom of the Wind.
The scout team exited from each tree house without finding one of the lost daughters of the Freelands and dashed ahead to the tree house. Then the destroyer team members scattered around the bottom of the tall shade tree with a fire gun and stopped, spraying up and down a stream of red and blue flame from the fire gun into the red tinted bark and each healthy pink tinted leaf. The tall tree immediately burned with bright red, yellow, and blue streaks of flame producing plumes of brown and black smoke, and finally busting into a bonfire of flames.
The unconscious and battered Wind natives inside each burning tree house slowly died from the accumulation of smoke inhalation or swiftly escaped off the burning platform onto a swinging vine and flew to the next tree house to meet and greet the another scout team that came from the Freelands which was composed of numerous angry male fathers and female mothers who were looking for a stolen daughter.
An angry mob of Wind dancers and musicians spun around with a shaft and dashed ahead with a yell away from the rows of tree houses toward the super tall male with a kill shot. The super tall male continued to advance without a care in the world but the location of his precious daughter, moving over the dry and wet pink tinted leaves with a sneer. He lifted his personal shaft into the air and pressed the flush button, exposing a set of sharp protruded blades within the smooth vertical rod, slicing down into the first Wind dance with a growl. The arm separated from the dancer and landed onto the pink tinted leaves as the dancer fell down over to the side. the super tall male stomped on top on top of the dying dancer and continued to slice and attack each man, woman, and teen with a growl behind two rows of plumed of black smoke and flames of red coming from each burning tree limb and branch of pink tinted leaves.


Tree house twenty-seven
Master-bedroom setting of Cumberrun


Cumberrun emerged from the bathroom in naked form and then dressed back into the Pamburg battle gear, placing back on the girly skirt and short sleeved blouse of red, golden, black, yellow colors, a longer jacket of pink, orange, green, and blue, a set of hair scarves of purple, silver, peach, and white that was wrapped and hid the Pamburg shoulder length amber curls. He reached down and wiped the bloody hunting knife over the dirty bed linens, replacing back inside the belt of the battle gear. “What are we doing today?”
Strawn thumbed back over a collar bone with a smile and reached out, grabbing the arm of Cumberrun. “Look! There’s a parade of people, musicians, and singers marching down over the pink tinted leaves, right now. Come and look at this! You will not believe your eyeballs. I have never seen anything like it. This place is really beautiful and fantastic here,” he released the arm of Cumberrun and spun around with a smile, dashing ahead through the open archway, the inner living room space, and exited onto the high deck of the tree house that was built into a tall tree.


Outside deck platform setting


Strawn moved ahead onto the outside deck of the tree house and stopped with a gasp, standing upright near the edge of the open platform, turning to see the depths of the rows of trees that led down toward the end of the pathway, staring at the new sight with a gasp.
Cumberrun moved ahead and followed behind the ass of Strawn with a sour frown, stopping and stood beside his princely brother, turning to see the new sight also with a gasp. “You are correct. I have never seen a forest fire,” he reached out and grabbed the collar bone of Strawn with a worried brow. “Yes! I have smelled the stinky smoke before. Where there’s smoke, there’s also fire.” He gasped with alarm. “Yeah, I see lots of red and yellow burning fires. Yeah, it’s finally time to leave the Kingdom of the Wind.”
He shook the covered skull with the girly scarves with a worried brow. “We need to find the princess before a war starts.”
He frowned at the black smoke and the red fires down the pathway near the mountains. “She ain’t here. We spent yesterday without a sign or a clue or a hint of the location of Princess Teath from the Pamburg Kingdom. So, we go back and search the next kingdom of whatever next. What is in-between us and here?”
Strawn stared at the burning trees with fear and lifted, touching the nose and the eyeballs where the smoke irritated the external skin and facial organs. “I can’t think now with the black plumes of smoke blinding my eyeballs and the fires burning my ass.”
Cumberrun pointed down toward the entrance of the kingdom with a stern face and a nod. “Climb down the tree house and ran back to the Delta waters! Water always beats out and drowns a fire, each and every time.”
He pointed at the flying vines that soared side to side over each outside deck on each tree house. “No! We climb onto one of the swinging vine and swing our asses outta of here right now,” Strawn dashed ahead with a worried brow and reached out, grabbing one of the swinging vine, wrapping both legs and arms around the plant with a grunt and a yell. “Get out! Get a vine! The stupid natives of the Wind have started a forest fire. The trees are burning down.” The swinging vines swayed back and forth hanging down for the edge of each tall tree which as covered dangling colorful flowers.
Cumberrun ran ahead with a sour frown and leaned over the edge of the platform on the tree house, grabbing a vine, twisting it around a bicep with a loud grunt and cuddled the vine with love of life. “I hate flying…”



Kingdom of the Sun

Home of Princelet Zitgestum and his wife Princeletess Glay
   and first royal prince Vantrey, second royal prince Qcraft
     and dead third royal prince Zeebac


Dry and heated orange tinted soil and hot temperatures
Bright sunshine without clouds


He was a head taller than the other royal males with a set of board shoulders, a pair of blue eyes. The twinkling blue eyeballs allowed him and the other natives to shine and see within the darkness at night on his home land, the Kingdom of the Sun. He wore a long ponytail behind the nape of his neck in the color of rich black. His face was clean shaven with a set of loop earrings, dangling from inside both earlobes. And a single looped ring hung down between the nose holes, creating great pain, when he smiled. Thus, Vantrey did not smile. His body frame possessed a tone of light brown skin. The right side of his chest cavity going down to the tenth rib within the rib cage held an array of colorful tattoos, marking him the highest rank of prince within the Kingdom of the Sun.
Each native of the Kingdom of the Sun displayed an array of tattoos, since the age of four years old. The age of four years was selected as the controlling point for any misplaced ugly and rude behavior. Every time a young child had misbehaved, a tattoo was burned into the skin, starting with the bicep of the right arm. Some of the younger and the older male and female natives displayed an assortment of colorful tattoos, including both facial cheekbones, both arms, both sides of the chest cavity, the complete back spine, and both legs, including both feet.
Once the entire body had been adorned with an array of colorful tattoos for each misbehaving act, the Sun native was declared a trouble maker and was finally released into the darkness for a final punishment of the last nasty deed.
The Kingdom of the Sun was not a nickname. The land terrain was colored in orange dry and heated desert which was burnt each day from the bright yellow and heated sunlight. The day time air temperatures rose and extended over the one hundred and twenty degrees. Thus, a native or a creature could survive during the daylight hours.
At night, the air temperatures held around a cooler one hundred and six degrees, allowing the native species to roam for food and companionship.
At the age of twelve, the native was released out into the harsh, dry, and deadly desert terrain during the Time of Maturity ritual. If the desert did not kill you, then you became an official native of the Kingdom of the Sun. If the desert killed you, then you became instant food for the only living wildlife, the beetles.
A home consisted of an assortment of numerous dried beetle shells with a set of fist-sized air holes. The house formed a tall triangle into the skyline that allowed for constant air flow and individual compartment space for each family member. The air temperature was dry and hot. The air wind was non-existent. Thus, a home structure provided both warm and comfort from the hot day.
His father, Princelet Zitgestum was the ruler of the lands, except when his mother Princeletess Glay vetoed and overruled all the princely decisions inside the throne room and outside on the training fields of her husband, since the Kingdom of the Sun had a female leader, since the beginning of time.
Every native of the Kingdom of the Sun quietly stood upright in the bright sunlight and surrounded the tiny outline of a short triangle that was composed of numerous dried out and dead black and yellow tinted beetle shells. In the center of the triangle, underneath the stacked dead shells, there was a pile of white bone fragments that was stained with dried blood proteins. Wedged between each bone fragment, there was a set of tiny lumps of pink tinted tissue muscles that all belonged to Zeebac, the third royal prince of Glay and Zitgestum and brother of Vantrey and Qcraft.


Outdoor orange tinted desert setting
Funeral pile of dead third royal prince Zeebac


Each native continued to stand and stare at the tiny triangle that stood only two feet tall on top of the blistering orange tinted desert in the blinking yellow sunlight.
Then, a small flicker of spark ignited on top of the peak of the tiny triangle as the dried shell caught fire from the sizzling heat of a solar wave from the skyline. Then, a series of larger flicks of sparks ignited and exploded each hollow beetle shell, until finally the entire triangle brightly glowed in a high plume of red, blue, yellow flames of a blazing bonfire.
Each pair of eyeballs could not see the brilliant colors but sniffed the nasty smell of burning sizzling dry bones and wet pink tissues of dead prince Zeebac and all the hollow bodies of dead beetles.
Vantrey stood in place and stared at the tiny colorful blaze and the thick plumes of black smoke, until the tiny object had burned down into the orange sands while allowing the wet sweat to cover his sad face. His mother Glay would be greatly disappointed to see a single rolling hot tear of sadness for her princely son and the brother of dead Zeebac.
Glay lifted and slapped the one of the red colored vertical face patch of rounded balls that flowed down underneath a left nostril with a sneer to each native, who wore the same face patch design for communication. “It is done. My son is burnt. Leave and go to the Social Tower in the Kingdom of the Sand! There, you will sit on top of the sands and fill your stomach with the good food and your tongue with cold beverages. There, you will be served by the rows of Sand servants who will bring out trays of food and drink while each one of you stays and waits for my next command,” she spun around with a sneer and ripped off the red face patch of fake snot balls, tossing the metal onto the orange dirt. She moved away from the smoking triangle with her dead son, dashing ahead to the one of the numerous airships with her son Vantrey. The second royal prince Qcraft moved beside his father behind the asses of both Glay and Vantrey toward the same airship.
The rest of the natives smartly spun around and dashed ahead toward a neat row of airships, running up the down ramp and then cranking the engine, lifting off from the heated desert into the air and flew toward the Social Tower within the Kingdom of the Sand.
Vantrey moved ahead with his mother with a deep sigh of sadness and reached up, slamming the orange colored mustache face patch. “I feel…”
The air waves were filled with numerous shiny airships that buzzed ahead and flew toward the Kingdom of the Sand.
Glay heard the words from her son and lifted, slapping the same orange colored mustache with a sneer for her communication, “Revenge. I feel it, too.”
“No, I was going to say…”
“Yes, I was going to said that, too. Someone is a murderous traitor inside the Confederation.”
“No, I don’t think so.”
“Yes, someone murdered my son. Now, someone is going to pay with their life and blood for the death of my son.”
Vantrey moved ahead between with his mom and a sour frown. “No, it is obvious to me, Mother. Hundreds and hundreds of black and yellow colored tiny shaped beetles broke from the containment glass and attacked my brother Zeebac. When I entered the room, I could hear the crunching of bones and the soft buzzing sound of victory. He must have been practicing his shaft and then lifted it up and swirled the tip end at the horizontal glass container of beetles over his bed. I warned my brother not to collect and carry all these deadly beasts into his personal sand castle. I should have checked on him more often.”
She sneered. “No, there is a traitor among the royals.”
“Where are you getting that information, Mother?”
“Kung has called a special royal meeting this morning. We are all to attend the royal event.”
“Do the populous of the people come and attend a special royal meeting also? The Assembly Hall can’t hold the entire kingdom.”
“No, it is only the royals.”
He frowned. “What is the subject matter, Mother?”
“It is the revelation of the murderous traitor that killed your brother, princesses Sedottie, Mio, and Nio.”
He frowned. “How did Kung capture the traitor?”
She stared at the single airship on top of the orange sands. “I don’t know that is the reason for the royal meeting. We will see the killer. Then we each get to take a turn and rip out a body part.”
He shook the black colored ponytail with a sour frown. “No, I don’t believe it, Mother. The body of Zeebac was half naked with clothing on top of the bed frame. The entire glass container was broken and emptied of all the beetle creatures. Thus, the entire swarm of black and yellow beetles flew out and landed down, resting on top of live Zeebac, burrowing down into the fresh flesh, eating the bones and the blood. I had to douse a pot of fire onto all the bloated swarm of beetles before I could retrieve the bones and the guts.”
She nodded with a stern face. “If there is not a traitor, then we will set our plan to conquer and control Kung and the Kingdom of the Sun. It is time for a revolution, Vantrey. Stand by for my command!”
He exhaled. “Yes, Mother!”
Glay sprinted away from her son toward the single airship first as each family member followed behind her back spine in silence. She entered the open archway and slid down into the pilot seat, ignited, and warming the airship. Each family member moved up the ramp and sat down inside a rear row of chairs in silence. The ground ramp sucked back into the opening. Then the hatch door slammed shut and locked for air speed. Then the airship slowly lifted into the blue sky and sped forward toward the Kingdom of the Sun with the other airship. Glay growled with revenge of her dead royal son.



Kingdom of the Fire

Baron Vetepurr and three daughters
   first royal Princess Pio
     and dead royal princess Mio and third royal princess Nio

Royal underground metal pits
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and partly clouds
Ground level brown colored soil setting

Funeral pile of dead second royal princess Mio
    and third royal princess Nio


The Kingdom of the Fire is composed of underground pit. The underground pit is known as a pit cave which is a natural underground cavern of several miles that is predominantly a horizontal cave passage. Each entrance point runs flush with the flat hard ground in the neutral color of tan with a set of rock coated steps that does not require a metallic ladder or a piece of strong plant vine rope like the Kingdom of the Wind for ascend. The pit cave is made of thick layers of color hard rocks. The rocks are mined or chipped out from the wall. Then, the rock chuck is soaked in water until the individual pieces become a lump of soften particles that are lifted and then burned into another type of metal components for an airship to a cooking pot for all the natives of the Confederation.
There are six unique pit caves that represent the individual home residence for the natives from the Kingdom of the Fire, where the solid rock floor descended thirteen feet down into the earth. Within each pit cave, there are underground fresh water streams of water for drinking and a set of individual tiny cave rooms for a single individual. A native doesn’t have much of a family life, since one of the two family members dies from the burns of the fire or suffocate from the lack of oxygen. Thus, only the strongest metalists survive and thrive within the Kingdom of the Fire.
Within each underground pit, there is an individual cave which contains an individual fire pit. The fire pit has used for centuries as a ceremonial or celebratory occasion including a wedding where method primarily was utilized as an uncovered live-fire baking, which is a transitional design between the earth oven the food plates of mainly consists of raw dough bread, shellfish, vegetables, meat, potatoes, clams and seafood were heated over the rocks instead of hard clay or firebrick outdoor cooking.
The individual fire pit naturally descended bed of hot and heated rock down in the ground that is not covered but exposed. The sheet of rock protects the fire from the soil. The fire pit is made underground by digging and shifting rock which is similar to a modern day oven. The pit stays heated from the protective shelter of the cave roof from rain and sunshine elements and does not smoke with enclosed wall into a heated pile of ashes.
Princess Pio was a little shorter than her father with a tone of glowing white tinted skin from living years underneath the metal pits. Sunlight did not penetrate the landmass. Each sister princess wore a dark blue cloak that protected some of the skin from the flaring sparks of the hot metal. The underground pits were very steamy and very heated. A body couldn’t be dress in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death.
Thus, each male metalist wore a naked chest which allowed the heat to sweat off a heated face and body. A pair of loose trousers caught the set of flying metal sparks and burnt the loose fabric, not the tender flesh of the male. A pair of short heavy walking boots protected the feet that allowed the metalist to continue to work or not to eat. Each male wore a set of long hair on the sides of the face and down the back spine. If a piece of flying metal hit the hair strand, then burned off the group of hair strands, not the delicate face tissue. Thus, the hairy skull was marred in a series of pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the comb contained a blade. 
Each female wore a single band around the breasts for decency mostly. Some of the older female metalist went naked on the chest like the young males, since the chest and the breasts were deeply scarred beyond eyeball recognition, thus the long life of a metalist.
Each metalist worked with a pair of hands, not a mechanic ascension system of ropes or hooks that drops down a handful of softened rock particles down into a pit of burning cold flames of fire. If the metalist lived that long inside the underground pit without dying from metal poisoning or metal scar burns or metal shrapnel penetration.
Each female wore a set of loose trousers to catch the flying metal debris and save the legs which hang over pair of heavy walking boots for the care of the foot. Each female wore a set of long hair over the face and down the back spine which was additional protection for the human body from the tiny sparks of flying heated metals. However, each bone skull was burn-marred like each male with a series of vertical and horizontal pink tinted burnt skin that naturally parted the hair which covered the entire scalp.
If a metalist lost one foot or both feet due to the metal burns, the metalist was killed on sight. The metalist was put down to rest inside the after-light. The underground pits required working on a good pair of legs with a good set of feet. A limp metalist could not tote and carry a tube of heavy metal components or assist with a single vat of heavy metal liquid.
Baron Vetepurr was the owner of the all the underground pits as a head royal. He had one live daughter and two dead daughters in birthing order Pio, Mio, and Nio. Their metalist knowledge and skills required their full attention with a set of safety details for continuance of the metal component production which provided an assortment of metal parts for every mechanic item within the Confederation. Each daughter possesses an exposed and naked chest that was covered in a series of small to very large rusty colored scars from years of working inside the pits.
On the shoreline of the blue colored Delta waters, the single river barge with the design of a brown and white snake head with a set of yellow fangs and red eyeballs waddled side to side in the shallow salt water as numerous silver tinted hands from a set of numerous metalists reached down and lifted, toting a green colored body of dead royal princesses Mio and Nio off the frontal metal floor of the ship. Then the metalists stopped and stood in front of a single floating platform without a set of standing legs. Each body was rested over the platform in silence. Then the floating platform slowly moved ahead between two rows of metalists and as each metalist hummed with a sad song for the mourning of the two princesses.
Pio and Vetepurr moved ahead and dropped down from the river barge after collecting the two dead bodies from the single sand castle, slowly marching behind the single floating platform of solid blue tinted metal in silence. On top of the solid metal, it contained an outline of two green colored bodies of dead Mio and Nio in silence.
The floating platform moved ahead over the dirt and toward a seventh underground pit between the rows of metalists who continued to hum in a low timber, where the entrance was closed off with an extremely large oval rock boulder. The rock boulder had been lifted from pit mouth and was suspended in the air that was attached onto a hook and set of colored cables of a hovering airship while revealing a deep opening that matched the other six pits.
Pio slowly moved ahead with her father and whispered through the tears at each green colored body. “I can’t believe that Mio and Nio would conduct a fun and deadly duel inside the sand castle. There isn’t enough room to fight without nicking and hitting a body part.”
Vetepurr softly growled at the two dead bodies of his daughters. “This is not a fun duel. This is a murder of my two children, Pio. Someone is a traitor inside the Confederation.”
“How did you figure that out, Father?”
“There were a series of deep red colored cuts on each body of Mio and Nio at the shoulder and the chest that a young metalist could not perform, but maybe by you or me. It was not us. Thus, there is a murderous and cowardly traitor among the Confederation that swings a mean shaft.”
She gasped. “One of our metalists has killed my sisters. Tell me! I will kill her immediately.”
“I don’t know the true killer, but we will find out. I will make and keep that promise, Pio.”
She frowned. “How will we find out, Father?”
“Kung has some type of information to share with us about the mysterious killers of Mio, Nio, Sedottie, Zeebac, and Triddie. I thought the drowning of Triddie was an accident. But clearly, all the dead teen royals had been hunted down and then killed in the privacy of their sand castle. Thus, you will stay with me always now.  I will protect my daughter from everyone and everyone thing.”
She sneered. “I am trained and can protect myself, Father. I wished that I had been with my sisters Mio and Nio. I would have killed the killer, first and permanent. Then, my two sisters would still be alive with me and you.”
“You will have your chance, Pio. Kung has new knowledge that he will be sharing in a few minutes with all the royals inside the Assembly Hall. We need to bury our dead and leave here, returning back to the Social Tower building within the Kingdom of the Sand.”
The floating platform slowly moved down a set of rock covered stairs and down into a long dark tunnel of the seventh pit. Pio and her father slowly moved down the same stairs. She turned and scanned the walls of solid red rock without a stream of water and a fire pit of cold flames. She gasped. “I have never been here before.”
“It is the seventh pit. This is our funeral graveyard. The floating platform with the dead body or bodies will swiftly move down the end of the long semi-dark hallway and stop, resting on top of a naturally formed rock ledge of red. Then the group of mourners which is us will turn around and ran away with our lives.”
She turned and gasped at each red colored wall, “What for? This is our funeral goodbye to my sisters. I wanna hang around for a little while and cry over their dead bodies.”
He pointed at the forward wall with a worried brow. “The end of the rock ledge is a set of two open archways where a gang of cave beasts live and thrive.”
She gasped. “I remembered the horrible tales of the cave beast during my bedtime.”
The floating platform slowed over the air and then lowered down over the red colored rock ledge. The motor shut down making the cave silent.
Vetepurr turned and stared at each wall with a worried brow and a whisper into the yellow colored jaw line face patch. “It is real. The dead body is left on top of the rock ledge like now. Then the pack of live and hunger cave beasts will smell the stink of the dead and come running, shredding, and eating the fleshy meat, drinking the blood. Each cave beast will also clean off the side walls and the floor of the cave while licking up the splattered blood proteins.”
She gasped. “That’s horrible, Father. Why are…”
“Run!” He spun around and grabbed her arm, dragging Pio backward with fear and worry. She could hear the scrapes of sharp claws over the rock floor and the sound of low growls in the air waves from each hunger and vicious cave beast, swinging around, running with her father back down the long hallway with heavy pants.
They quickly reached the entrance of the cave and run up the stairs, clearing the mouth of the underground pit as the large boulder was released from the wiggling lines that came down from the underbelly of the hovering airship and then slammed back down over the large hole while protecting all the natives of the Kingdom of the Fire.
Pio tumbled forward and landed over the dirt, covering a face from the flying rock dust, lifting a sweaty face with a cough. “That’s wasn’t right.”
“It was our way.” He leaned over with a nod to his daughter, slapping the brown colored face patch with a set of devil horns. “Attention, metalists! We all go to the see Kung and hear about the killer of princesses Mio and Nio. Go and grab a ride on one of the floating river barges as the barges slowly steer you toward the Kingdom of the Sand. Get out and lounge around the sands for the day. There will be food and drink on trays from the Sand servants. Go! Get moving!” He stood upright and ripped off the devil horn, dropping the metal onto the dirt, wiping off the cave dust from a semi-naked body and the dark long cape, moving ahead with a stern face toward the grounded airship that will take Pio and him back to the Kingdom of the Sands.
Pio slowly stood with a grunt and leaned over with a whisper into the cheekbone of her father. “Why are all the metalists coming with us to the Sand? Only the royals are invited to hear Kung. Kung usually holds a conference on a golden face patch, so everyone can hear. There is too much work to be done here to waste a day of labor,” she moved ahead toward the airship also with a growl of annoyance at her father, her dead silly sisters, her kingdom and her own shortcomings of a shorter life at the age of seventeen years old.
Vetepurr moved up the walking ramp on the grounded airship with a smile. “You are very smart, Pio. Kung is the killer of your sisters and my daughters. Thus, the metalists of the Kingdom of the Fire and me and you are going to kill Kung and all his royal family. Then, we will take control of the Confederation. I can’t do that without my talented metalists, who can toss a single kill shot with a talented shaft,” he moved up the ramp and entered the airship.
“I see. I like. I will, Father,” she followed behind the back spine of her father and sat down beside him in the rear row. The hatch door slammed shut. The engine roared. The airship lifted from the dirt and flew in the air waves toward the Kingdom of the Fire.
All the other metalists moved ahead by booted feet and climbed onto the deck of each docked river barge. The river barge would move slowly through the Delta waters and eventually dock near the shoreline of the tan sands of the Kingdom of the Sand.



Pamburg Kingdom

Home of dead King Conic and his wife dead Queen Shemerry
   and thirteen dead princesses
     and single live and breathing Princess Teath

Warm temperatures and windy with bright sunshine

Prince House location
Second floor level


The Pamburg Kingdom rested on the opposite end of the large land continent and far away from the rest of the Confederation nations by geographical land grab from the ancient ancestors, centuries ago. To mark and measure off the land property of the Pamburg Kingdom, the natives had built and currently maintained a curvy fence with a pair of twin gates. The semi-curvy and ugly high fence was one-third long section with an array of multiple criss crossed shiny and glittering colorful crystal rock bars running up, down, and sideways, creating a continuous fence in front of the Delta waters that kissed the mountain range dirt on the southwestern side.
On the northeastern side, the fence ran to the edge of the landscape and stopped at the Delta water line.
The fence plus the two gates kept the visitors out and kept the natives inside by choice. There was a set of two matching gates of multiple crisscrossed matching crystal rock bars that only opened outward which was powered by a single hand print of each royal prince coming from the ruling royal pair King Conic and Queen Shemerry.
Currently, the fourteen royal princes lived inside a set of two separated living quarters that was connected by a single central hallway in the middle of the twin gates. Each Prince House was located behind one crystal gate. Each royal prince served as a protector of the gate and the kingdom of Pamburg with a life force of duty and honor.
The Prince House almost matched the height and the length of each tall crystal gate, allowing each royal prince a separate apartment of privacy and loneliness until it was time for the Prince Walk.
During the Prince Walk, one of the royal princes would survive and become the next king of the Pamburg Kingdom.
The Pamburg Kingdom was a rich assortment of land and rivers that provided self-containment and sustained the beautiful villages without interference from the nosy Confederation royals. For eons, the newly selected Confederation imperator had been invited into the Pamburg Kingdom for a social visit. During the social visit inside the mountain castle, the imperator kindly asked and invited the Pamburg rules to join the Confederation and share all the land and water resources with the other natives. However, King Conic had declined with a fake smile and a head nod which had been exactly similar with his dead royal ancestors.
At the end of the sixteenth year reign, King Conic would die from the bite of a quall bug. The next successful royal prince from the Prince Walk would succeed the king to become the new ruler of the Pamburg Kingdom.
Within the Pamburg Kingdom, there were numerous work villages which housed all the royal natives. Each year, each royal prince selected a mate from one of the fourteen villages. After the Prince Walk, the fourteen virgins were given to the new king of Pamburg. Then, a process of new heirs commenced immediately. This had been the royal ritual for eons.


Pamburg Squire Thirty-Six apartment setting


He slowly moved down an empty hallway and turned at the wall corner, strolling down the lower hallway which was empty, where all the squires lived. He continued to tap onto the metal and viewed each prince and princess digital photograph on both arm patches. He stopped and stood in front of the closed archway still staring down at each arm patch. The door opened. He entered the tiny apartment room with an angry huff of frustration of his new life and stopped a few feet from the open archway. The door closed shut. He stood in place angrier and looked up to scan the apartment room. The room was a small perfect square of four walls.
The entrance wall only displayed a single door in the middle of a wall of crystal stone. Since, both the gates and the fence were composed of crystal rock also. The Prince Hall with all the separate living apartments was composed of the same mineral. It was easier to haul and transport a chunk of crystal rock and then dig out a single hole for a doorway of the new living quarter rather than block the rock together. The walls of the room were both translucent shiny and smoothly polished from centuries and centuries of previous squires, who gave a shit about the royal duty.
Pamburg Squire Thirty-Six didn’t give a shit about the current royal duty, new babysitter for a prince brat newborn. He had accepted his failure during the Prince Walk of his day and time while groaning and bemoaning a fate of a laborer within the village of artists and musicians. He had learned to play a mean guitar, a mellow piano, and a set of wild drums.
Inside the apartment room, the two side walls were composed of solid stone. One wall held a bed frame for sleeping. The other side walls held a small exposed wardrobe setting for a couple of squire uniforms and matching boots. There was no need for a single personal item. A Squire spent the entire time caring for each prince newborn.
On the opposite wall across from the entrance door, the window was a very long and wide viewing window which showed the black-purplish mountain castle and the surrounding beauty of the yellow winding series of swamp that flowed around the bottom of the mountain. A blue sky of clouds hung above the mountain lake which made the mountain look angry, except Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-Six was the only angry thing here within the Pamburg Kingdom. He had a good life with a pretty wife and two adorable children before the squires of yesteryears invaded the village, burned down his home and then kidnapped his person from a nice life.
He whispered for his eardrums and stared out the viewing window without a set of drapes in angry. “I hate it here. I have been here for one day and I hate it more today than yesterday. I hate this room. I hate this house. I hate my new life. I hate the princes. I hate the squires. I want my old life back. But that is not going to happen, unless I can figure out if I am the true heir of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
He moved ahead and spun around, slipping off the jacket and exposed a set of two arm patches on each naked forearm, sliding down a set of dirty clothes and his dirty body onto the messy bedcover on top of the bed mattress. There was not a single sitting chair or a comfortable loveseat to sit upright for reading or thinking. He refused to clean up his own private apartment room, after cleaning the personal space of each young prince who was worse than muddy farm pig. Every minute the life of squire was spend to serve the young prince from the newborn stage until eighteen years old.
He reached over toward the single nightstand and grabbed, lifting two additional arm patches from the pile of gleaming metal, slapping each item onto each naked upper arm and pressed the metal screen for activation, slapping a back spine into the naked wall, exhaling with a huff of worry and a whisper. “I don’t have much time. The Prince Walk will start very soon. So, I continue my on-going quest. Arm patch one, show me all the Pamburg princes all at once!” The metal arm patch gleamed in a colorful light and displayed a line of sixteen years old males. “Arm patch two, show me all the Pamburg princesses all at once!” The second arm patch glittered in lights and displayed a line of sixteen years old girls.
He nodded with a stern face. “I have studied and examined a series of the same digital photographs for hours and hours with the same conclusion. Princes Neave, Strawn, Gaspers, and Boykin, princesses Gotterina, Sinnot, and Lucidew are all tall and slender also. Princes Tantum, Estill, Lopeeco, Cumberrun and princesses Hokkeedo, Zaid, and Encarbod are all the tallest royals with a muscular body frame. Princes Vinton, Wesuckie, Ashebull, and princesses Teath, Xanthee, Medillane, Romaggie, and Yawnett are all average height and weight. Then each prince and princess share physical features also which I have seen before.
“Prince Wesuckie possesses a face of brown freckles with princess Xanthee. Prince Ashebull and princess Medillane has a long curly head of amber colored hair. Prince Estill and Princess Smetana both possess a tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which was located at the same hairline too. Princess Zaid and Prince Lopeeco share the same aristocratic nose. Princess Encarbod and Prince Tantum share the same hooked nose. Prince Gasper and Princess Gotterina share a crooked nose. Prince Vinton and Princess Yawnett share a cleft chin. Prince Boykin and Princess Lucidew shares the same set of buck teeth. Princess Sinnot and Prince Neave share a set of long fingers and a pair of lean legs. Prince Octon has a set of dumbo looking earlobes with Princess Beebelle. I have seen this before and I come to the same conclusion, again. Each sixteen-year-old royal prince and princess has been genetically altered with the colors of amber skin tone, hair strands, and eyeballs. Each appearance is based somewhat on the very first Pamburg king. So, I am genetically altered, too, where no one had bothered to tell me that.”
He exhaled. “What do I do now? Where do I start? Start at the beginning! A female egg and the male sperm mate, producing a viable fetus. The fetus is taken out from the biological mother and then it is genetically altered within the skin tissue, the hair strands, and the eye pupils into the hue of amber, a golden reddish color. Thus, the fetus is placed and grows up, and emerges from a bottle, you are a royal price. I was a royal prince with a set of thirteen brothers. We all were the sons of the king and the queen of Pamburg Kingdom. We all grow up as a set of brothers, fighting, playing, and goofing around. We all lived here within the gate house since birth until the prince walk at the age of eighteen years. However, my other thirteen brothers were not exactly duplicates of my height, my weight, my muscle tone, my personality, or my intelligence. yes, I’m the smartest of the older princes. What did the old squire say? Each royal prince came from a different fetus which came from a different male and a different female. I am getting really confused. I am a royal baby from the royal queen mother and the royal king father. And I survived the prince walk to be denoted down to a squire, because of my failure. The old squire said that king was impotent.  He couldn’t produce a child or an heir or a squeeze an orange into a cup of orange juice. Join my club, Brother Conic!” He laughed with a nod.
He exhaled. “The genetic alternation of the fetus into the amber waves of colors has caused the sperm pocket inside the dick of the king to die. Conic looks good but can’t please a butterfly like me,” laughing. “I and every squire inside the Prince Hall have been genetically altered also and can’t please a pretty butterfly either. And we are all impotent while firing out blanks from each dick into our lovely married wife. We can’t produce a child which didn’t really matter. When a young prince survived the Prince Walk and then declined the kingship, the young prince was taken away from the Pamburg mountain palace and settled down into one of the many villages. Each rejected sixteen-year-old royal prince, who is genetically altered, is relocated out from the gate house within one of the many villages. Each royal prince meets and marries a young woman, who is not a princess. Each royal prince is given a child to rear as a father for a secret purpose which is to come here to the Prince Hall and help raise a batch of new baby boy princes. Is the new batch of babies going to look like me or my older princely brother or one of the younger sixteen-year-old princes or one of the older squires? I don’t know.” He gasped. “Do any of the old squires look like me or one of the new crops of sixteen-year-old Pamburg princes? Arm patch three, show me all the alive and dead squires that are thirty-two years old!” The metal screen glittered in vivid lights and displayed a line of older squires in colors. He reached down and tapped on the screen as each digital photograph flipped one by one and then halted. “Hmm! How interesting! Squire Number Twenty-Five has an obvious facial feature of dark tinted rounded freckle spots that he shares with Prince Wesuckie and Princess Xanthee. Arm patch three, what is a freckle?”
 The voice on the arm patch number three on his upper naked forearm droned for all eardrums. “A freckle is a small and concentrated spot of skin pigmentation, where an individual freckle is called melanin. A face of freckles can appear and vary in number…”
“Thanks, arm patch three,” he reached down and tapped on the metal screen with a stern face. “Hmm! How intriguing! Squire Number Forty-one, Prince Ashebull, and Princess Medillane has head of long curly head of amber colored hair. Squire Number Thirty-nine, Prince Estill, and Princess Smetana has a tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which was located at the same hairline. How is a head of curly hair determined, arm patch one?”
The voice on the arm patch number three on his naked upper forearm droned for all eardrums. “It is the hair follicles that determine the hair texture. A set of round-shaped hair follicles make straight hair. Flattened hair follicles make a head of curly hair. An oval hair follicle makes a set of wavy hair.”
“Thanks, arm patch three!” He reached down and tapped on the metal screen, viewing the next set of digital photographs. “Hmm! Squire Number Sixty-one, Prince Vinton, and Princess Yawnett share a cleft chin. So, there is the sharing of a single feature between prince, princess, and squire. I am on the right pathway,” he reached down and tapped on the metal screen, viewing the next digital photographs with a smile.


7th hour (early morn)

Kingdom of the Sand

Home of Imperator Kung, his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
   and two daughters first royal Princess Pelf
     and second royal Princess Nixie

Tan beach with streaks of yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and blue sky


He didn’t wear a face patch but displayed a natural skin tone of red tint that represented the natural coloring of Modoc and all the natives that resided within the Kingdom of Land. The prince displayed a tall and muscular body frame with a head of neatly cropped light brown hair with a set of bangs over both eyebrows. His face was unshaven with a light dusting of light brown hairs around the jaw line, the lips, and both nose holes that greatly annoyed his mother Duchess Torgeezus. His eyeballs were colored in hazel with tiny specks of gold that flared with angry. Modoc was the first prince within the Kingdom of the Land.
The Kingdom of the Land included miles and miles of bright red tinted fertile dirt that grew rows and rows of fresh food stuffs for the single continent, a big responsibility for his father Duke Allakon. The single and vast land continent housed numerous kingdoms and thousands of villages of people.
Duke and Duchess of the Kingdom of the Land resided inside a beautiful manor of white, gray, red, brown, and black wooden planks, but Prince Modoc lived inside one of the two-story sand castles within the Kingdom of the Sand to attend the Royal Academy for one more hellish week of school.
Outside on top of the tan tinted sands, he blinked both eyelashes open and shut, seeing an array of the bright flashes from the continuous streaks of yellow tinted lightning bolts that showed through the upper glass panes inside the bedroom, remembering the fun time last night with Nixie with a grin. 
Modoc knew all the teen royal fucking fun rules, since his father Duke Allakon had been very instructive with a few vague points. However, Modoc didn’t give a shit about the rules or about second royal princess Nixie. He had shouted out the pretend play role of the prince within the Nab, the Numb play for fun. The pretend prince role did not do nothing but pretend to be asleep on top of a cot inside the princely chamber room during the lengthy of the silly play, where the acts and the reactions from the populous of the people would ensure Pelf as the first pick performer of the play.
Throughout the years, the first pick performer of the Public Presentation always became the new Imperatoress or the new Imperator of the Kingdom of the Sands and then his or her mate became the new co-ruler of the Confederation. Since, the mate was always the son or the daughter of the Kingdom of the Land.
He didn’t give a shit about the stupid Public Presentation play, since he was going to marry Pelf, the first royal princess of the Sand next week. His future royal self as the new imperator would be a life of luxury and riches, not adventure and conquers. He dreamed of adventure such like a visit inside the mysterious and might Pamburg Kingdom. As the new imperator of the Confederation, one of his first duties would be to meet and greet the king of the Pamburg dynasty. Then Modoc would cordially invite the king to join the Confederation.
Over the centuries and each annual season, the Pamburg Kingdom king and queen had refused the friendly invitation of the Confederation royal. It was such obvious ploy of choice. The great lands of the Pamburg Kingdom were fertile and rich for supporting the small number of villages with the associated low number of natives.
Modoc desired the same opportunities for the Confederation during his upcoming new royal reign which would start next week, after the completion of the silly Public Presentation which was a silly ass play that was entitled Nab, the Numb, where the play appealed the simple minds of the populous of the people and the arrogant egos of the royals.
However, these same desires and dreams of expanding the territory of the Confederation into the Pamburg Kingdom definitely came with a set of deadly blood proteins and an array of deadly weapon fire which came from a set of wordy whispers under discussion by a small group of young bold teen royals. Modoc didn’t participate in the secret meetings and neither did his future wife Pelf. But, each young royal knew a grand expansion of rich and fertile property was needed and necessary for the survival of the new and next generations of the Confederation, right now, without cowardly hesitation and a set of proper royal protocol.
However, something wonder was about to happen.
Modoc held a deep secret inside the mind with a wicked grin and close to a black coated heart. The Pamburg Kingdom was going to fall. The new information tickled his funny bone and his mind. He was so excited that he wanted to share with someone, but he dared not out of fear and safety. So, his personal future had been plotted and planned like a nice fairy tale with the new information that the Pamburg Kingdom was going down was great news.
In the future days of his imperator reign, Modoc would meet with the new king and then spy on all the natives and all the defense systems and might eventually be the specific royal that brought the Pamburg kingdom bowing down on both kneecaps to his reign and his rule.
At the end of the week, Modoc was destined to rule the entire continent of the unnamed lands.
Over the sparkling sands, Modoc entered through the familiar curved and tall open archway into the Social building and slowly climbed up the “one thousand and one steps” toward the highest floor with a smile. He was excited about his royal future as the new king of the Pamburg Kingdom. He wanted to tattle the dark secret that had come from the short and ugly oracle, but Modoc didn’t want trouble from another teen or adult royal, since Modoc wanted ruled the entire continent alone.


8th floor level
Assembly Hall
Interior setting of elevated throne chairs of royals


Modoc climbed up the sloped staircase alone that reached the top floor of the Social Tower with a growling stomach of hunger and finally hit the top step, turning to face an empty hallway and a set of three open archways that led into the gigantic Assembly Hall, where the afternoon Royal Academy conducted royal lessons to the teens. The side wall of the hallway was naked and built of tan colored sand grains that twinkled like stars underneath the beaming sunrays. The upper portion of the wall was made of solid glass panes that showed off the sunrays, the blue sky, the white clouds, and the continuous streaks of yellow tinted bolts of lightning. The dancing lightning bolts made Modoc feel free and lively at the start of a new day within the Confederation even without the breakfast table inside the second floor of his personal sand castle this morning.
Early this morning, a line of servants invaded his private bedroom to awake and inform Modoc of the terrible news. There had been four new royal teen deaths and his royal hind-ness was required inside the Assembly Room immediately by Imperator Kung without the trays of steaming hot food for the breakfast meal. The line of servants back stepped without bowing to the royal and quietly left the bedroom, coming back to work cleaning the messy sand castle of Modoc.
Modoc rolled off the bed and stood next to the mattress with a grunt and a growling stomach, moving into the closet, quickly dressing, and then left the sand castle with a smile of deep thoughts. Kung had decided to dismiss the silly Public Presentation play and selected the new Imperator before all the teen royals died from stupidity. Three more royal teens were dead by another silly accident inside an individual royal chamber suite which had been similar to the stupid bath tub drowning of third royal princess Triddie from the Kingdom of the Lakes.
Inside the hallway of the Social Tower, Modoc slowly strolled down an empty hallway toward the row of open archways with a whisper and a frown, “Who drowns inside a bath tub? A stupid girl does, since a smart boy showers his naked body upright,” he moved through the middle of the three open archways and halted with a gasp in place.
Inside the Assembly Hall on the forward wall in front of the row of tan colored sand stone life-sized statues, there were not a line of elegant dancers that twisted and twirled around and around over the smooth floor in front of the rows of elevated lounge chairs, dancing to the soft music. There was a Sun guard marching in place between the two dancers while twirling a silver tinted arm length vertical shaft up, down, and sideways like a baton and out of sync with the soft music, but in a military routine in front of each glass pane.
Each row of elevated lounge chair stood upright at various heights in the air waves with a single royal on top without sipping on a cold or hot beverage and with gossiping about the latest event. The royal was dressed based on the current style of the royal court, a face patch.
For the past one hundred years, the face patch had dominated every public speaking event and each private secret conversation between two or more individual natives.
During each public speaking engagement within the assembly room, Imperator Kung required all nobles to wear a golden colored forehead patch for the females or a golden colored chin patch for the males.
Inside the Assembly hall on the forward wall, there was a row of elevated throne chairs which contained the royal members of the Kingdom of the Sand.
Imperator Kung with a head of cropped silver hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow tinted skin in a set of peach colored floor length satin robs underneath a matching set jacket, a pair of trousers, and a pair of knee boots sat with a stern face next to his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme inside a two-seater throne chair that was five feet high up from the hard floor. His throne chair was the tallest and widest of the all the throne chairs also.
Haildrameme faked the smile and as her pair of dangling golden earrings and both golden tinted arch brows twinkled in the soft hues, wearing a dress of pretty bright aqua ankle-length, sitting two physical step up from her older daughter Pelf inside the elevated single throne chair. Both the mother and the daughter favored greatly with a tall and slender body, a head of waist length long white colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow tinted skin.
Pelf wore a pale yellow ankle-length dress which nicely blended into her pale skin that exhibited her quiet, shy, and conservation girly nature as the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand which was the opposite personality of her sister.
The second born royal rebel daughter Nixie sat inside a lower throne chair for on person beside her father with a wicked grin and a set of twinkling eyeballs in a bright and bold electric blue ankle-length gown and displayed a golden tinted tiara forehead face patch with a pair of dangling matching earrings on each earlobe, scanning each royal inside the opposite rows of elevated throne chairs, feeling victorious ambition and joyous excitement of the impromptu royal meeting.
The Kingdom of Sand was located on the edge of the massive land continent, overlooking miles and miles of deep blue ocean waters. The kingly castle was shaped in a perfectly square and tall tower of beige and white sand crystals that came from the sandy beaches. Each residential house was a smaller square shaped tower of beauty and sand also.
At the edge of the massive land continent, each individual white colored cloud produced a heat storm within the blue sky during the daylight and the nighttime hours. The yellow bolts of lightning flashed across the blue sky and the white clouds, dancing with the wind in various geometric streaks from vertical down and then across horizontal. Thus, the sandy beaches were dangerous and empty of swimmers. The ocean waves crashed alone over the sandy beaches without a visiting sea vessel. The heat storms had existed since the beginning of time.
Over eons of time, the natives within the Kingdom of Sand had learned not to harness the bolts of lightning but admire the natural occurrence as a symbol of freedom and beauty. The natives had erected each building up toward the skyline to continue view and admire each lightning bolts.
The Kingdom of Sand didn’t produce a plate of food, a glass of wine, a shirt of cloth, a poem of love, or a component of metal which would have created an act of commerce or a piece of revenue. The location housed the Royal Academy, a place of learning to become a princess and a prince.
The top floor held the Assembly Hall. The four walls were made of transparency glass that allowed the beauty of the flashing bolts of light to illuminate inside each wall. On the smooth floor base between all the glass windows, there stood an individual vertical block of tan and beige granite that held a life-sized statue which was made from an assortment of tan and beige colored sand crystals, also. Each life-sized statue represented the deceased royal member of each kingdom, standing between the glass panels, wearing an ancient stiff and formal attire of yesteryear.
The center of the room held individual rows of elevated throne chairs that represented each adult royal and the associated spouse plus the associated child prince and princess of the associated kingdom. Each throne chair could be accessed by a short staircase that held either three or four or two steps. Some of the throne chairs were decorated with a single stiff kingdom flags on each side of the back rest for fun that designate their kingdom. Some of the other throne chairs showed a double-seated for two individuals to share for sniggers. Some of the throne chairs displayed a set of colored banners on the bottom edge of the platform between the steps of the staircase for more fun.
In the front of the room inside the elevated throne chair, Princess Pelf stared through the window and watched the dancing lightning, feeling nervousness, excited, and anxious and as both hands sweated onto each arm chair inside the single elevated throne chair. She had left her princess chamber with the feeling of panic and didn’t understand her feelings. Well, Pelf did understand her jumbled up emotional feelings. She was the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand. She was to select her husband first before her second royal sister princess Nixie which sounded like fun. As the first royal princess, her dreams and desires, and demands came first.
However, each royal must participate within the Time of Recognition. It was a day inside the Assembly Hall in front of the entire populous on the single continent where each first royal princess or first royal prince would choose a mate for life to marry and produce the next heir. The terrible catch was that the selected mate could reject the sweet offer of the first royal princess or first royal prince in front of the populous which was a big red-faced humiliation reaction.
And that embarrassing action did occur on occasion and had occurred eighteen years ago.
To make all the young teen royals more nervous, first royal teen Princess Pelf would not necessarily go first to announce her selected choice for a mate. She could theoretically be asked to voice a lifetime mate last. Then she would end up with the last royal prince within the traditional ritual.
She nervously patted both arms with a set of manicured fingernails inside the single throne chair which stood one step below the throne chair of her parents, staring out the side windows at the continuous flairs of lightning bolts. Usually, the flaring and pretty patterns of the bright lightning bolts calmed her emotions, but not today. Pelf did not perform a set of domestic chores or steer an airship or practice beating a dummy with a silly shaft. She enjoyed reading poems, dancing around her private room, and watching the lightning bolts form into an array of funny shapes in the skyline. But today, her mind was disturbed and off balance. Her body was cold and chilled.
Today, it was the last week of academic royal sessions. However, her father Imperatoress Kung had called a special royal meeting for some reason. Kung might announce the beginning of the play today, since some of the other silly teen royals had been dangerously fooling around with each other and then the fun had resulted in a permanent death of a young royal life.
Exmore and Triddie had been a dating as a royal couple. Sedottie and Zeebac had been a dating as a teen royal couple also. Even though, Zeebac of the Sun was supposed to be married to either Mio or Nio who came from the Kingdom of the Fire like centuries before. It was obvious to Pelf. There had been a teen royal cat fight with a deadly shaft, instead of acidic words that had resulted in numerous teen royal deaths. Her parents were mad and insulted too. Thus, there was a calling of royal meeting which included all the teen royals, also. So her father would make all the teen royals decide and choose a mate during the special called royal session. Pelf continued to stare out the window, feeling nervous, frighten, and cold. She was getting married today after the announcement by her father to Modoc. Then, Pelf would be forced to choose her life time mate first, today.
Inside the middle of three archways, the inner open space revealed a packed room of smelly male sweat and female perfume. Modoc strolled through the archway and stopped, standing beside the nose bridge of the familiar royal Educator to the teens. The Educator stood inside the archway and held a hand tray with numerous golden face patches. “You’re last, Prince Modoc. You are the last royal to enter royal meeting.” Modoc sneered down at the familiar face of the Educator. The Educator laughed. “You are to select a golden face patch for the royal meeting as dictated by Imperator Kung. Select one and plaster onto the face. You are invited to a real royal gathering with the Imperator Kung and Imperatoress Haildrameme for the day.” The short Sand servant with a head of long silver tinted hair, a tone of yellow tined skin, and a pair of old violet color eyeballs stared down the tray of metal items without a smile. “Then, you are to sit with your royal biological parents inside the proper throne chair for the impromptu royal meeting this morning with the royals from the Kingdom of the Sand.”
Modoc looked down with a smile and stared at the tray which contained rows of glowing gold metal face patches. “Is there a breakfast tray attached to the proper throne chair for the impromptu royal meeting this meeting?”
“No.”
Modoc exhaled with annoyance and reached down, selecting a set of flowing golden snot balls that would be worn below one of the nostrils for his fun and his mom’s annoyance. He reached up and slammed the five glowing golden round dots underneath the right nostril, since he always must sit on the left side of his mother during a stupid impromptu royal meeting which is hosted by Kung, “Thanks, shorty!” He looked up and moved ahead with a confused brow, scooting in-between a long curvy row with a set of individual elevated throne chairs of one, two, or three seats. “When I am the new imperator, I am not going to execute a meeting at seven in fucking morning either.”
During a royal meeting, one straight row of individual sets of elevated throne chairs stood in front of the life-sized sand rock statues, where the royals from the Kingdom of the Sands lounged and stared at each royal teen and adult with a smile or a sneer. The rest of the royals were seated along a long curvy row that encompassed the width of the room and stared back at Kung with a sneer or a laugh or a smile. The curvy row order was very important to view Kung. The end group of elevated throne chairs that arched toward the opposite wall of life-sized tan rock statues held all the royals from the Kingdom of the Fire which was next to the elevated throne chair of royals from the Kingdom of the Sun. In the center of the curvy row, there were two sets of elevated throne chair that stood side by side and faced Kung and his family which were the royals from the Kingdom of the Land and then the Kingdom of the winds.
On the other curvy side of the Kingdom of the Wind, the elevated throne chairs of royals were the Kingdom of the Snow. The other end of the curvy row held the royals that from the Kingdom of the Lakes.
 Modoc slowly strutted inside the Assembly Hall and moved ahead in-between the elevated platforms of the Kingdom of the Wind and the Kingdom of the Snow, turning to the face the sneers from the Kingdom of the Sun, swinging around to see the lovely face of his mom. He slowly climbed up the three steps and settled down into a single elevated chair next to his brother in silence, staring at Pelf and Nixie.
His younger brother Jarl wore a green tinted tunic with sleeves, pair of matching trousers, and a pair of matching knee boots, shifting his personal shaft back and forth inside a lap, leaning over and forcefully slapped the bicep of Modoc with a loud pop and an evil laugh, bad breathing with a sneer into the cheekbone of Modoc for fun.
On the same row of elevated throne chairs of the Kingdom of the Land, Duchess Torgeezus did not smile but stared straight ahead at Kung and as her pair of dangling golden face patch earrings and both face patch arched brows twinkled in the bright sunlight which imitated her best royal friend Haildrameme. She was a woman of average height with a head of black colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of brown eyes, wearing an orange colored ankle-length dress with a pair of matching shoes. The mother of Modoc and Jarl lifted a manicured naked hand into the air which properly signaled for her two sons to cease and stop with the silly horse playing in front of the other royals.
Second royal prince Jarl sat back with a loud grunt and stared with a smirk at second royal princess Nixie of the Kingdom of the Sand, who was going to become his bride royal today. Kung must be going to forego the stupid Public Presentation play with the rest of living and breathing teen royals and the populous of the people due to the sudden five teen deaths of stupidity. Jarl would be happy with the kingly announcement. Then he and Nixie would marry tomorrow and happily live within the Kingdom of the Land.
His older brother Modoc would marry Pelf and become ruler of the Confederation. Once Modoc was installed as the new young and bold imperator, Jarl and his brave and devoted gang of teens would band together and then invade the set of closed gates of the Pamburg Kingdom to see and seek all the rich treasures and the new surprises. No one knew what lied behind the pair of glittering gates and a long and curvy matching high fence, but everyone was very curious while willing find with death. With a gang of strong fighting Sun warriors plus the mines of metal wanding proficient Fire teens, second royal prince Jarl would have not issue overtaking and killing each sissy Pamburg prince and princess, who all lived on top of a mountain castle in luxury and freedom.
On the same row of elevated throne chairs, the biological brother of Modoc and the third royal prince Altus sat next to Jarl kicking out a leg at his second brother for annoyance during the boring meeting and wore a pair of golden face patch arched eyebrows for fun. He leaned an arm over the side of throne chair with a smile and dangled his personal shaft into the air waves without a care in the world but a growling stomach. He reached down and scratched on the green tinted tunic where the belly growled with hunger, wearing a matching pair of trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching knee boots looking in both appearance and dress similar his brothers Modoc and Jarl.
Inside the two-seater throne chair Duke Allakon sat beside his wife Duchess Torgeezus. He wore a chin face patch of golden tint with a pair of dirty and stained red dusty white tinted overalls without a shirt, since he had been inspecting some of the food crops when the announcement came over the golden face patch that there was a new announcement from Kung. Allakon displayed a tall and muscular body frame with a head of neatly cropped light brown hair with a set of bangs over both eyebrows. His face was unshaven with a light dusting of light brown hairs around the jaw line, the lips, and both nose holes that greatly annoyed his wife Duchess Torgeezus. His eyeballs were colored in hazel with tiny specks of gold that flared with angry while watching only Princess Pelf.


***


On top of the formed straight row that was curved in front of the side wall that comprised two elevated throne chairs which represented the Kingdom of the Snow, Queen Ylangling was tall and fat in the dark emerald green ankle-length dress from months of warm shelter inside her castle from the cold weather, possessing a tone of peachy skin tint, a pair of green eyes, and a head of black hair, a pair of dangling golden face patch earrings, and a forehead golden tinted tiara to hear the special royal meeting this morning before breakfast from Kung. She leaned over with a fake smile into the cheekbone of her husband and stared with a fake smile at the empty Assembly Hall. “I can’t believe that Marquee Jennessee is not prancing around in one of her skimpy outfits while making a spectacle of her person and shaking her grove with all the other elegant young dancers. She is my age. I don’t do such ill-bred royal stunts at my age.”
The right devil horn of a pair arched on the forehead face patch and twinkled in gold colors on her husband King Amoywane. He wore a tan colored tunic and a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching knee boots, possessing a head of blonde shoulder length hair, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of peachy pale tinted skin, continuing to scan the empty room without the twirling dances, the marching guards, and the wonderful slaves. “I like it when Marquee Jennessee shakes her thing which keeps her in great body shape while dancing with all her talented younger dancers. That is why she does it. You and she are the same age.” He wore a red colored long satin robe over a matching black colored tunic without the sleeves, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of matching ankle boots, since he was not a young and slender male anymore. He was overweight and tall living within the cold region of the Confederation, where food was more comfort than a fat royal wife. 
She turned and growled into his sweaty peachy pale cheekbone. “What does that mean?
He chuckled with amusement and turned, staring at the lovely Marquee Jennessee.
Next to her royal parents, Kamela wore a golden tinted forehead tiara face patch like a real queen and unlike the silly other female royal, a long dress of bright red on a tall and slender body, since she was not mourning stupidity. She possessed a head of long blonde hair like her father on a tall and slender body with a tone of peachy pale skin and sat inside a three-seater throne sofa along with her two brothers, leaning over to tickle the arms and legs of her two brothers with a set of giggles and smiles while waiting to eat breakfast. She didn’t care about the five deaths of the other teen royals. Each one was careless and stupid to house a live eating plant inside an enclosed room of four solids wall made of sand grains without an open window for a royal escape. Her kingdom also grew tall and mean mammals but you didn’t see Kamela with a cute cub inside her private room of her personal sand castle.
Second royal prince Datto and third royal prince Lorchess wore a single dangling golden earring on a left earlobe for fun and dared one of the other teen or adult royal smart ass males to insult their selection face patch for a nice bloody beating. Each brother wore a head of blonde colored long shaggy shoulder length hair, a pair of green eyeballs, a tone of pale tinted skin, a tall body form, and a black colored tunic without a set of sleeves, only a set of muscular biceps from handling and wrestling with the numerous dangerous, tall, and live mammals within the Kingdom of the Snow, a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of knee high boots. An individual personal shaft rested in front of the toes of the two knee boots, in case of a swift emergency. They continued to horse play with their sister Kamela while ignoring the attention of Kung.


***


On top of the formed straight row that curved in front of the side wall which comprised two elevated throne chairs that represented the Kingdom of the Lakes, Countess Zorachina possessed a tone of pink tinted skin without a strand of hair, a pair of green eyes, and a body style of tallness with a set of ripping girly muscles, wiping off a new set of tears while still mourning the loss of her royal daughter two days ago. She wore a brown colored robe underneath the old and wet rubber type work clothes, since she had to work as a royal unlike Imperatoress Haildrameme. The new four deaths of the young royals had resurfaced and duplicated the delicate feelings of the sadness and depression of loss of a young child on Zorachina again.
Count Quinastine wore a chin golden face patch and a matching brown colored robe over a pair of working clothes, leaning over and hugged his wife with a sad face of sorrow and loss of his third royal princess daughter Triddie. “Everything will be all right, dear!”
The first royal prince Ferron was tall and muscular teenager with a bald head, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of dark skin like his father, tapping his personal shaft between the parted legs in a soft steady beat, wearing a dark purple sleeveless tunic and a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching knee boots, leaning over with a sneer into the cheekbone of his mother. “Why are we here inside the Assembly Hall as a set of civilized royals?  I wanna fight right now.”
“Hush, my son!” Zorachina sobbed with tears and wiped off the rolling water from a red and swollen face with a soft whisper into his cheekbone of Ferron. “We have been summoned for a new announcement. Kung is going make up a new excuse about the death of my daughter along with the other four deaths this morning, since he is responsible for the harm and then the murder of each teen royal inside each one of his sand castles.”
Second royal prince Gunnison tapped his personal shaft between the kneecaps and growled at Kung while waiting for the attack signal, wearing a blue indigo sleeveless tunic, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of knee boots with a sour frown, a tall and slender body, a bald head, and a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin.


***


On top of the formed straight row in the center of the room that consisted of two elevated throne chairs which represented the Kingdom of the Wind, Marquee Jennessee wore a baby blue short dress, a pair of matching heels, and a golden tiara face patch, leaning over with a sour frown and a whisper into the cheekbone of her husband Marquise Fallacious and stared at the empty room with a frown. “I am so disappointed and annoyed. Our daughter, second royal princess Sedottie was naturally assuming my motherly role and lead status as the head dancer the beginning of next week, after the completion of the Public Presentation. Now, I must select another kid. Why was Sedottie playing with that whipping vine? How did Sedottie sneak inside her room that whipping vine stem? I never noted it inside her room.”
Her husband Marquise Fallacious sat next to his wife Jennessee and only thought of one topic. Kung would announce that he was not the father of first princes Pelf. Fallacious knew that Kung was not the child’s biological father, since Kung was an old gay man that loved to play and fuck with the young male servants within the Kingdom of the Sand. With all the untimely deaths of five royal teens, Kung had no choice but to admit his lie to each royal adult. Else, the autopsy of a dead Princess Pelf would reveal too much and then the entire group of adult royals could call for the death of Kung or at least, the removal of his leadership as the imperator of the Confederation. Fallacious smiled at Kung. “We never saw her private room, wife. Thus, it is obvious to me. Ovilla will take your place and become the new marquee of the Kingdom of the Wind.”
She gasped. “No. Ovilla is going to marry Modoc. Then she will become the new imperatoress of the Confederation.”
He smiled with a chuckle. “I don’t think so.”
She gasped. “Why do you not think so? We have been planning this grand event, since her birth.”
He nodded with a whisper. “You have been planning this grand event, since her birth. It is not going to happen.”
“Why do you not think so? I received word from Ovilla that she is leading the bottles of the fetuses.”
“We both know that the bottle of the fetuses is a fun physical game for the young royals. That is all, wife! Something else is going to happen together.”
“What is going to happen today?”
“There is another answer from Kung regarding a sudden new royal meeting this morning.”
“What is the answer from Kung regarding a sudden new royal meeting this morning?”
He smiled. “Hmm! I can answer that question.”
She gasped. “Then, answer it to me.”
“I can’t answer it to you.”
She gasped. “Why can’t you answer to me?”
He stared with a smile at Pelf. “It will wait. You will find out the surprise to be overwhelming also.”
“What do you know?”
“I know a lot.”
“Then, tell me! What you know?”
“No.”
“What kind of royal attitude is that?” Jennessee gasped.
He ignored his wife and turned to stare with a smile at Kung. “I can’t believe that our royal children are finally graduating from the Royal Academy this week.” 
First royal princess Ovilla sat inside a two-seater throne chair next to her parents and beside her brother second royal prince Exmore and wore a lavender tinted short dress with a pair of matching heels, crossing both arms with a sour frown in silence. She wore a golden tiara face patch and felt mad about the impromptu royal morning meeting which interfered with the early breakfast meal with Modoc, not caring about her dead third royal princess sister Sedottie. She tapped one foot in annoyance without a musical beat inside her mind while staring at Modoc, who sat with his two brothers.
Exmore wore a bright orange pleasure suit with a pair of long sleeves, a shirt of white silk, a pair of matching shoes, his shaft near the side of the chair, and a golden tinted cheekbone face patch with annoyance of the morning royal. His twin sister Sedottie and his true love Triddie were both dead. However, Exmore didn’t care about the two dead females, only the glory of power. He turned and scanned the remaining viable female royals.
From the Kingdom of the Snow, princess Kamela was pretty but taken. Everyone royal knew that she would marry her brother or both brothers within the sick incest family of whores.
From the Kingdom of the Fire, Pio was taken and vicious. No other prince would dare touch her hand or her shaft. Only first royal prince of the Kingdom of the Sun Vantrey had claimed the Fire princess on the first day of the Royal Academy with both vindication and guts.
From the Kingdom of the Sand, princess Nixie was taken and then would be captured by Jarl for his legally wedded new bride into the Kingdom of the Land. So Princess Pelf sat available and unclaimed by any royal teen male, even thou Modoc had voiced his right and his might to her virginity all the time. 
However, his sister, royal first princess Ovilla was going to marry Modoc today. That had to be the only and early mysterious reason for the impromptu royal meeting with a shock factor. Kung would pass over the Public Presentation and allow the winning female of the bottle of fetuses to select her life time mate first. Of course, Ovilla would win and then proclaim her love and her selection to Modoc. Then, Modoc would not be available to marry pretty Pelf. Thus, Exmore would do the honor and marry Pelf today during the surprise royal announcement. 


***


Between the Kingdom of the Fire and the Kingdom of the Land, on top of an individual straight row that curved in front of the side wall which consisted of two elevated throne chairs that represented the Kingdom of the Sun, first royal prince listened to the nasty whispers of his mother Glay and leaned over with a whisper into her cheekbone. “I don’t know about that, Mom.”
She wore a golden tinted lip mustache and her warrior gear. Glay frowned with a whisper back with a set of real words into the cheekbone of Vantrey, “Yes! I do know too, my first born royal. I feel it. I am a mother. I know when my child has been murdered by a cold hand of the shaft.”
He stared with a sigh at Kung. “I don’t know about that, Mom.”
She sneered at Kung. “It was Kung. He is suspicious of all the other royals and you, my first born son.”
He gasped with a whisper of real words, instead of through the mustache golden tinted face patch that provided only a one-way communication to Kung. “What? Why is he suspicious of me?” He was worried as a young warrior without the advanced training skills of his mother.
“It is our secret plotting to overthrow Kung and his minions. The time is ripe like a piece of fruit to bloom into a flower.”
He laughed. “Profound words, Mom! You spend too much time with Ovilla’s mom.”
“Hush, my first born royal! Our plot grows very close.”
He frowned. “I don’t know about that, Mom.”
Glay exhaled with a puff of annoyance and stared at Kung. “Why do you continue to question me, my first born royal?”
He smiled with the new information that came from the hermit oracle that lived on the isolated tiny island in the middle of the ocean waters, where Vantrey had visited with Modoc last week. He whispered back into the cheekbone of his mom. “I have some good information that there is about to a regime change.”
The oracle had told Vantrey that he was going to be very happy. And that his girl Princess Pio was going to be happy in life too. Thus, Vantrey and Pio were going to get married, have a family of children, and live a happy married life within the Confederation despite the harsh or whiny words from his mother. So, the Confederation would continue as usual with Modoc as the new Imperator and his future wife Pelf as the new Imperatoress next week. Vantrey was not worried about the nasty whispers form his mother, who was jealous and vengeful with her fate as the princeletess of the Kingdom of the Sun while craving more leadership power and fine luxury like Imperatoress Haildrameme.
She gasped with alarm. “What good information are you referencing? What does that mean, Vantrey?”
In the front of the life-sized statutes inside a single elevated throne chair, Nixie wiggled side to side with happiness. Her father was going to make all the teen royals decide and chose a life time mate today during the special royal meeting, since there had been a set of silly deaths of a few stupid teen royals. She was going to marry Modoc, since Nixie had tattled all her secrets with her father about her eternal love for Prince Modoc first, before Pelf.
Kung continued to sit with a smile and a nod to each adult royal wearing a golden chin face patch. “There is so little time and so little of us, now. So, we are gathered here this morning inside the Assembly Room to mourn each departure loss of four more young teen royals.” Each skull nodded in silence without a set of vicious words returning into both the eardrums of Kung. The golden face patch only offered a one-way communication coming from Kung and then into each wearer of the golden face patch. “This makes a fifth departure loss of a precious son or daughter.” Each skull nodded in silence without the set of vile words returning into the eardrums of Kung. “A committee of adult royals completed surveying each death scene inside each sand castle of each dead teen royal. The committee of the same group of adult royals clearly concluded that the cause of death was contributed to silly horseplay with an individual shaft.” Each teen royal nodded with the silent acceptance of the cause of death and the sadness of each dead teen. Kung smirked with a whisper into each face patch. “So, I have decided that each shaft will be removed from each hand within the Confederation as a precaution without a weapon of dead to harm another teen royal, adult, or fellow citizen…”
“No.” Pio gasped in alarm, standing upright from the two-seater chair beside her father with a sneer at Kung, vertically lifting upright her shaft into the air with a yell of real words, since the silly golden face patch didn’t communicate back to Kung or the rest of individual royals. “No. You can’t take away our shafts. They are an extension of our body.” She wore a dark cloak over the naked collar bone and a single band of dark colored fabric around both breasts for decency mostly. Her exposed white tinted naked skin on the chest and the throat were deeply scarred in tiny markers of pink and red coming from the fire pits without a body dying from metal poisoning or a serious metal scar burn or a deadly metal shrapnel penetration as a working metalist. She wore a pair of light colored loose trousers to catch the flying metal debris that saved the legs which hung over a pair of heavy walking boots for the care of each foot. Each female wore a set of long hair strands over the face and down the back spine which was additional protection for the human body from the tiny sparks of flying heated metals. However, each bone skull was burn-marred like each male with a series of vertical and horizontal pink tinted burnt skin that naturally parted the hair which covered the entire scalp.
Baron Vetepurr was the owner of all the underground pits as an adult royal and stood a little taller than his daughter with a tone of glowing white tinted skin that was marred with numerous tiny colorful scars from pink and red and black and purple coming from living years underneath the metal pits as a working metalist also. Sunlight never penetrated down into the pits. He wore a dark blue cloak like his daughter without a shirt that protected some of the exposed naked skin from a flaring spark of the hot metal. The underground pits were very steamy from the steam of water and very heated from each fire pit. A body couldn’t be dressed in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death. His exposed naked skin on the chest allowed the heat to sweat off a heated face and body. His pair of loose trousers caught the set of flying metal sparks and burnt the loose fabric, not the tender flesh of the male. A pair of short heavy walking boots protected the feet that allowed the metalist to continue to work or not to eat. His skull hair had burned off over the years while scarring the delicate face tissues in a series of zigzags, diagonals, circles, squares, and other odd geometric one-dimensional shapes. Thus, his bone skull was marred in a series of pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the comb contained a blade. He swiftly stood upright from the two-seater throne chair with a gasp and a sneer at Kung next to his daughter, lifting upward his shaft into the air with a yell of real words at the imperator also. “I am not surrendering my shaft, never.”
Teen royal Vantrey swiftly stood upright from the two-seater throne chair that he shared with his brother Qcraft and looked down with a smile to see the set of tightly tailored and tan colored fitted trousers that were tucked down into a pair of semi-polished matching knee boots. He looked up with a grin to see Kung and slowly lifted upward the shaft into the air with a yell and a laugh to all eardrums. “I will never surrender my shaft or my loin cloth.”
Duke Allakon of the Kingdom of the Land continued to sit and shook a skull in silence at Kung without surrendering his personal shaft from his dead body, only. His wife Duchess Torgeezus stared with a smirk at Kung with intrigue, but she was not surrendering her personal shaft that was used as a weapon for her life form.
Second princess of the Kingdom of the Sand, Nixie continued to sit and bounce side to side with a smile of delight inside the single throne chair beside her father without lifting her personal shaft into the air in defiance.
Third prince of the Kingdom of the Land, Qcraft stood upright with a sneer and swiftly lifted his personal shaft into the air with a yell. “Never surrender, only death!”
Count Quinastine from the Kingdom of the Lakes released his wife and quickly stood upright from the chair with a sneer, lifting his personal shaft into the air with a snarl, “Hell no! No one takes my shaft, including you, Kung!”
Nixie continued to sit and bounce side to side with a smile of delight inside the single throne chair beside her father without lifting her personal shaft into the air in defiance.
Glay swiftly stood upright from the chair with a sneer and cuddled her personal shaft into the breasts. “Come and get my shaft form me, Kung!”
Princelet Zitgestum slowly stood upright from the throne chair with a shout of real words also to each royal. “My shaft was personally made inside a fire pit of my love and my care. This is my other left arm which will never be cut off or removed, as long as, I hold my shaft.”
King Amoywane from the Kingdom of the Snow slowly stood upright from the throne chair and shook the elevated platform with his heavy weight, without raising his personal shaft with a sneer and a loud yell. “No!”
Third royal prince Altus of the Kingdom of the Land stood upright and ripped off the green tinted tunic with a snarl, exposing a chest of young lean dark tinted muscles and tossed the shirt onto the floor. “Eat my shaft, my shirt, and my shit!”
“Take my shirt, not my shaft, too!” First royal prince Ferron stood upright from the throne chair and pulled off the tunic vest of dark purple with a sneer, tossing it down onto the floor, exposing a naked chest of pale muscles and lifted his personal shaft up into the air.
Second royal prince Gunnison copied his brother, ripping off the vest tunic also, tossing it down onto the floor, exposing a naked chest of pale muscles and lifted his personal shaft up into the air with a sneer. “Take my shirt! Leave me and my shaft alone!”
Second royal prince Exmore continued to sit inside the throne chair with his sister Ovilla while smiling at the silly action and sillier words that came from each teen and adult royal who held a shiny shaft of polished silver. His shaft was located underneath the chair for safety rather than threat.
“Eat my shirt, Kung!” Second royal prince Jarl from the Kingdom of the Land stood upright and ripped off the green long sleeved tunic with a smile, pitching the fabric down to the floor also, exposing a dark tinted chest of lean muscles and lifted his personal shaft into the air with a sneer.
Second royal prince of the Kingdom of the Snow, Datto reached over and slapped the naked leg of Kamela with a chuckle and stood upright, removing the vest tunic with a laugh, tossing it down onto the floor, exposing a chest of dark tinted muscles and lifted his personal shaft into the air with a laugh to see the imperator. “Eat my shit, Kung!”
The brother of Datto and third royal prince Lorchess stood upright and ripped off the vest tunic of black with the similar movement of his brother, exposing a pale naked chest of muscles and lifted his personal shaft into the air with a laugh, “Eat my shit, too, Kung!”
Pelf continued to sit inside the single throne chair in front of all the royals and next to her mother Haildrameme in silence without lifting upward her personal shaft into the air without defiance, staring with an open mouth at the new situational chaos.
On top of the row of the Kingdom of the Fire, Pio bend down both kneecaps and leaped into the air from the high elevated throne platform, rolling both arms with the shaft into a tight ball, soaring through the waves and uncurled, landing in the middle of the room on one kneecap. The other teen and adult royals, except Kung, sounded with cheers and claps of joy. Pio extended her fighting arm and twirled the shaft side to side around the arm, slowly lifting the whirling shaft backwards into the air, directing the arm movement back down behind a back spine. She slowly stood upright and quickly lunged forward, continuing to twirl the shaft with the same movement which was side to side around the same arm and then spun around to face the rows of throne chairs with a sneer, continuing to twirl the shaft side to side around the same arm. She spun around twice and swung around to face Kung, releasing, and tossed her shaft up into the naked air waves. The shaft lifted and peaked with a glittering twirl of metal in the bright ray of sunlight while continue to twirl around and around in the naked air waves, swiftly falling back down with gravity into the open arms of Pio.
The male teen royals sat down and reached over, touching, and slapped both naked palms over the wooden arm rest of each throne chair, making a steady musical beat like a set of rolling drums. The rest of the other royals, except for Kung, clapped with a smile in musical time with the beats of the naked hands.
The shaft tumbled down from the naked air waves and fell into the other palm of Pio. She caught the shaft and pulled it into her chest, spinning around in a completed circle as her dark cloak lifted upright and swirled around in the wind, stopping, and faced Kung again with a loud growl. She jerked the shaft forward, sliding a hand down to the bigger tip, twirling the shaft in a horizontal pose through the air above the pink tinted and scarred bone skull when she worked inside the underground pits and molded all the different metal components like her dead sisters and her fellow citizens.
Pio spun around in several circles with a horizontal twirl of the shaft, lowering the shaft down near the floor and then spun around several times in a twirl with the shaft at her ankles and halted to face Kung again. She swiftly lifted the shaft upward above the hair roots, holding the shaft and stopped, grabbing the larger tip with a set of cupped hands, vertical swinging the shaft down between each side of an upright body with a snarl.
The male teen royals continued to bang a pair of naked palms over the wooden arm rest of their throne chair, making a steady musical beat like a set of rolling drums. The rest of the royals, except for Kung, continued to clap with a smile in musical time with the beats of the naked hands.
On the top of the elevated chair of the Kingdom of the Snow, Ylangling leaned over with a fake smile into the face of her obese husband. “What is Pio doing? Why is this happening today? Why are we here? I don’t understand this bizarre dance and meeting, my king.”
Amoywane smiled at the dance show. “I do understand, my queen. Someone has killed more of the young teen royals. Someone has framed Kung to take the fall for all the teen murders. Our children are not that stupid to play with a stranger. This is our chance to take over the Confederation. Our teams of warriors are watching and waiting on top of each snowy peak of the mountain range for the glitter of my shaft through the upper window. Then, the war will begin and we will be victorious. My cold bones will enjoy loving in hot and heated weather of the Sand.”
“Me, too!” Ylangling chuckled with a nod.
Vetepurr continued to stand alone on top of the platform and watched Pio with a fake smile. His wife was dead with his two royal princess daughters Mio and Nio. He whispered with a sneer for his eardrums only and a little lip spit. “Kill him! Kill him! Press the button and produce the tiny sharp blades inside your shaft, Pio. Then, you dance over and kill Kung! I have our metalists outside and ready for the takeover of the Confederation.”


***


On top of the elevated throne chairs that represented the Kingdom of the Land, Duchess Torgeezus leaned over with a smile. “Pio is very good with that shaft. I wished that each one of our sons could have been instructed to perform with such efficiently with a shaft also.”
Her husband Marquise Fallacious gasped with shock and stared at the dance of Pio. “Is that a dig at me? I am a writer of poems and love stories, not a warrior of bloody battles. I condom all types of horrific violence.”
“No! It is not a dagget at you, my husband,” she softly chuckled.
He gasped. “Dagget! I have never heard that particular vocabulary word. What does that mean, my wife?”
She smiled at the performance of Pio. “It is only a word which means: don’t worry about it, my husband!” All the Pamburg scientists used that word when something went wrong as Jennessee learned when she visited the secret science building at the age of seventeen years old as a young royal teen, which was during her youth and many moons ago.
“How am I supposed to not worry? You fucked Vetepurr during our stay here as seventeen-year-old royal. I clearly remember.”
“I actually fucked every male, including you.”


***


On top of the elevated throne chair that represented the Kingdom of the Lakes, inside the two-seater throne chair first royal prince Ferron sat next to his brother and flung his personal shaft up and down between the knees and the legs, leaning over with a sneer and a sour frown into the red colored tear stained cheekbone of his mother. “When are we attacking and killing Kung? We are all here now, Mother. Pio is offering a good distraction with her unbelievable shaft dance. We kill Kung right now. It is very convenience that we are all inside the Assembly Hall at seven in the morning before breakfast. No other royal would interfere with our revenge. Then we all can left and eat down in the Dinner Hall.”
“No,” Zorachina sniffed back up the snot and tears while allowing all her emotions to control her heart but her mind was active and sharp. “We will wait and watch for the right signal from your father. He ordered the entire river barges from our kingdom. Each one is docked near the tan colored sands. Each engine is running. Each new cannon is filled with a sizzling f-bomb. When your father gives the attack signal, he will stand up from the throne chair and lifting upward his shaft into the air, where the big tip of the shaft will send an electronic signal to all the river barges. Then each alert river barge captain will fire a volley of sizzling and colorful f-bombs through the rear glass panes, breaking out all the windows and hitting directly at the royals of the Land.”
Ferron sneered. “I want Pelf alive. She is to be my new bride, Mother.”
“You will have five short seconds before the first volley hits the solid glass pane. So, you can run ahead and tackle Pelf while shoving her away from the fiery line of sizzling f-bombs. Then, you may carry her away and marry the innocent virgin.”
He smiled with a nod at the face of Pelf. “Acceptable, Mother!”


***


On top of the elevated throne chairs for Kingdom of the Sun, Glay sat down and leaned over with a sneer and a fake smile into the eardrum of her first royal son Vantrey. “Get ready! Pio is going to kill Kung.”
Vantrey slowly slammed both naked palms over the arm rest and faked a smile with a gasp. “No. That is not true. Pio doesn’t have the murderous guts within her sweet self.”
“Pio does and she has the right. Her two sisters are dead due to Kung allowing a mysterious killer into his kingdom. The killer murdered the five teen royals, not the shafts. So it is her right as revenge. When Pio kills King, you jump down from this platform and then you kill her. Stab her in the back spine! Then we will take over the Confederation right here and right now from Vetepurr. His entire team of shaft-wanding metalists is outside the Social Tower strutting up and down the hot sands while waiting for the signal of the baron to attack and takeover the Confederation until we beat them to it.”
“No, Mother!” Vantrey barely slammed both palms over the arm rest with worried thoughts and a fake smile, continuing to stare at the back spine of his girl Pio and her magnificent shaft twirling. “You are wrong.”
She growled into his cheekbone. “I am right. Are you ready to fight or to die?”
He sneered. “I am ready for anything.” 
She really smiled at the back spine of Pio. “Good! Then we wait and watch for our moment.”
On the open floor, Pio slowly back stepped with a growl and continued to rotate the vertical shaft side to side between the sides of her biceps while staring directly at Kung. He was responsible for the safety and the deaths of her two sisters Mio and Nio. She spun around and swirled the shaft into the air above the hair roots, below the ankles, and back up into the air, releasing the shaft into the air. Thick silence invaded the air waves inside the room. The shaft slowly twirled sideways through the naked air waves and collided, sticking the large tip of blades directly into the twinkling wall of tans sand a few inches right above the silver tinted hair roots of Kung. Pio stood upright on the toes with both arms in the air with a laugh and a grin, “The dance of the shaft!” She slowly back stepped over the open floor and stomped over some of the tossed clothing, climbing backward, sitting back down onto the throne chair with her father and stared at Kung with a chuckle. 
Count Quinastine sat down and hugged his wife with a laugh and a smile. “You should think about wearing a royal crown of hard gems to protect the hair roots, Your Arse-ness.” 
“Great job, Pio!” Vantrey stood upright from the chair and clapped with a smile for his girl, exhaling with a huff of scary relief. Pio didn’t kill Kung. So he didn’t have to kill his girl with the order from his mother. Thus, Vantrey was going to marry Pio today without the permission of Kung and his parents. And she wanted to marry him without the permission of her father also. Thus, they would happily live and work inside the underground pits of the Kingdom of the Fire for the rest of their days.
Glay sat back down into the throne chair that represented the Kingdom of the Sun with a puff and a fake smile of whisper. “So you are not dead today, but tomorrow, Kung! I promise for the wasted and dead life of my child.”
In front of the room and the wall of life-sized statutes, Kung did not move inside the elevated chair next to his wife but sneered into each golden tinted face patch. “You are lucky that I am in a good mood, young princess.”
The father of Pio, Vetepurr continued to stand on the platform and swiftly raised his shaft into the air with a sneer and a set of loud words. “Do not threat my kind or my kin, Imperator! You will not like your bloody body consequences.”
“Sit down, Baron!” Kung whispered into each face patch. “I am greatly impressed with the dance of the shaft which was displayed by the young and talented Princes Pio. Pio is gifted with her shaft. “Kung whispered with a smile into each golden chin face patch with a nod, “Fine! I will allow all of you to keep your deadly shaft as long as you put it in place of your vile mouth.”
“What in hell does that mean, Kung?” Glay stood upright with a sneer and a puzzled brow at the imperator.
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “I am not deaf.”
Zorachina stood upright with a sneer and jabbed a finger at Kung with a sour frown. “But you are blind. You are the cause of my child’s death inside her private sand castle. You will pay for her death. I promise with my life, if need be.”
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “I am sorry for the loss of each young teen royal too. But I did not take away one single young life, Countess Zorachina.”
Count Quinastine sat down with a gasp. “Who did?”
Marquise Fallacious frowned.  “Why are we meeting this morning, Kung?”
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “I have heard a set of long and low rumblings among the younger royals who are not interested in following and pursing the advice and the career of their biological royal parents.”
Duke Allakon frowned. “What does that mean, Kung?”
“How does he know that?” Marquee Jennessee gasped with alarm.
King Amoywane flipped a hand with a sour frown.  “You don’t know what you’re talking about, Kung.”
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “The impossible is not an impossible feat. The improbable is here to stay. And the populous of the people approves of the impossible and improbably also.
Count Quinastine laughed with a nod. “Kung has lost his mind. He should resign the throne.”
Ferron leaned over with a sneer and a whisper into the cheekbone of his mother. “Kung has gone mad. We should take the throne now.”
Zorachina leaned over with a sneer and a whisper into the cheekbone of her son. “Hush, Ferron!”
Ferron growled. “I wanna save and then marry Pelf.”
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “I thought that to be an impossible and improbably feat, as well. However, the group of young royals is more ambitious in spirit and soul than their lazy and spoiled parents.”
Jarl stood upright and pointed the shaft at Kung with a sneer. “Don’t insult my mom!” 
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “I am not insulting, young prince. Sit down, Jarl! I am dreaming the impossible dream.”
“What is the impossible dream?” Marquise Fallacious frowned with confusion.
Kung smiled with a whisper into each face patch. “I want each one of you to dream the impossible dream with me as each one of us is the leader of Confederation.”
“What are you talking about as the impossible dream?” Duke Allakon frowned with confusion.
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “We must use our minds, our imagination, and our shafts. For centuries, each royal teen from Kingdom X has married the other royal teen from Kingdom Y. However, it is time for a royal change and expansion of the Confederation lands over the blue Delta waters.”
Baron Vetepurr gasped in alarm. “How is that even possible, Kung?”
Kung reached over and patted the arm of his daughter Nixie with a chuckle while smiling at each royal. “In the anticipation of such a great grand royal expectation or the better term is exploration, I hope that each young and old royal will be so flexible with his or her choice like me.”
Marquise Fallacious laughed. “What in the hell are you babbling through my golden face patch about, Kung?”
Baron Vetepurr smiled.  “Tell us your plot or you plan or your secret, old dog!”
“Why have you called this impromptu royal meeting before breakfast? I don’t understand your ranting.” Queen Ylangling frowned with annoyance.
Marquee Jennessee laughed. “What are you mumbling about, old royal?”
“Are we eating breakfast here, Kung? I’m hunger.” King Amoywane nodded.
 Queen Ylangling patted the growling stomach with a smile. “Are we finished with the meeting, Kung? I’m hunger, too.”
Count Quinastine scowled. “Please do me or spare me! I grow tiresome and hunger from your silly statement, Kung.”
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “The handsome, strong, tall, and able females and males of the Sun guard units need a better purpose than sweating in the dry and heated desert or standing at attention between the lifeless granite statues inside each semi-empty hall space here at Palace Central. You feed them for free. You clothe them for free. You arm them for free. You use them for nothing.”
“What a waste of good talent?” Glay moaned into the air waves and flipped a hand with a sour frown.
Kung nodded with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “Yes, it is a waste. But I can use each one of these tall and strong men and women for a new purpose.”
Marquise Fallacious gasped.  “What new purpose?”
“What are you babbling about, Kung?” King Amoywane frowned.
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “I have clearly not voiced my purpose within the Confederation. The Kingdom of the Sun, the young warriors are trained on a daily basis for war with our enemy. They represent a fighting unit of guards to defend our lands and our honors. I can’t rely upon another kingdom to accomplish that feat.”
Vetepurr laughed with a smile. “What enemy, Kung? What war, Imperator? We have been at peace for so long that my pair of silver components has turned into a set of golden fossilized brass.”
Kung gasped with a whisper into each face patch. “How dare you mock my purpose, my promise, or my progression? Now, I have learned the truth.”
Marquise Fallacious frowned. “What truth?”
“How many active guard units exist for a war with Kung?” Zitgestum leaned over into the eardrum of his wife Glay. “
Glay laughed into his face. “You can go outside this tower building and count them by eyesight using your fingers and your toes and your neurons. All our Sun guards are sitting on top of the sands sweating in the sun and eating the royal food right now while awaiting my signal to attach Kung and kill the royals of the Sands here inside the Assembly Hall. Then we take over all the bloody throne chairs in front of the life-sized tan rock statutes as the new royals of the kingdom of the Sands.”
Zitgestum whispered with a nod. “I am ready.”
Kung laughed into each face patch. “Glay is the royal Princesselet of her personal kingdom. How many compliments of Sun guards do you carry, Glay?”
Glay yelled out loud with a sneer to Kung. “I am the leader of the Sun guards. Why do you need to know that confidential and not shared information, Kung?”
Kung smiled with a whisper into each face patch.  “I do need to know.”
Duke Allakon nodded with a smile. “There is nothing to know here, Kung. The Confederation kingdoms live at peace, not war.”
Marquise Fallacious frowned. “What kind of underhanded scheme is playing out here within the Assembly Hall, Kung?”
Marquee Jennessee gasped. “Who do you think is undermining your authentic leadership of the Confederation, Kung?”
Kung exhaled with a smile and a whisper into each face patch. “Keep your pair of silver components shiny! No one is undermining my existing leadership. I don’t want to change your lifestyle. I am happy where I was born. And I am conducting a business transaction with a professional relationship that has existed for centuries. The relationship is the Confederation and the Pamburg Kingdom. We have been a dual two-sided partnership, since the beginning of time. However, sometimes, a professional relationship changes on a professional level with a professional.”
Duchess Torgeezus frowned. “What are you prattling about, Kung?”
Kung smiled with a whisper into each face patch. “Our professional demeanor is war, right now, in a few moments.”
He whispered for his eardrums only, “War,” Modoc cringed with worry that Kung might know the secret, somehow. Modoc had not bragged and boasted with the new information for fun or for battle with anyone. He wanted the Pamburg Kingdom to tumble down on its own merits of defeat, not by his hand or his voice.
Kung laughed into each face patch. “The Pamburg Kingdom is going to fall.”
Vetepurr shook a bald head at Kung. “How do you know of this lie, Kung?”
Nixie sat inside the elevated single throne chair beside her father Kung and smiled with a nod to Modoc. “The new secret information comes from an oracle.” The room went silence. She giggled with a grin and a nod. “Tell us the wise prediction, my true love Prince Modoc!”
Modoc gasped in shock and clearly understood. His tongue had wiggled to the wrong female and as he stared at Nixie. She was dancing side to side inside the throne chair with victory and smiles. He had fucked her last night and enjoyed the sex act while running his mouth. He cleared a nervous throat and turned, scanning each royal face, saying out loud with his own words that didn’t echo into the golden face patch. “Yes, it is true. The Pamburg Kingdom is going to fall.”
Vetepurr turned and sneered at the young royal. “How do you know of this, Modoc?”
Fallacious turned and faced Modoc with a puzzled brow. “How is that possible, Modoc? Where did you meet and greet an oracle person?”
Vantrey turned and gasped with a confused brow at the nose profile of Modoc. “Is that true, Modoc? O. It is true.” He realized that the oracle had told that secret and that specific non-shared information to Modoc during their impromptu visit to the ocean island last week.
“It would seem that the people don’t believe the imperator. The populous of the people can be seem from the highest tower window standing on top of the tiny island within the salty blue tinted ocean waters. The oracle lives and thrives there both day and night. The populous of the people go to him for advice and wisdom, since there is none here,” Count Quinastine laughed.
Kung turned to see Quinastine and sneered into each face patch. “Are you baiting me for a fight, Quinastine?”
Quinastine laughed. “I am simply stabbing the dead fish between the gills. If you don’t believe me, you should smell the stinky odor, Kung.”
His mom Duchess Torgeezus frowned. “What did the oracle tell you, Modoc?”
She lifted an arm into the air. “Wait! I first want to know this.” Haildrameme frowned at Modoc. “Why were you located there on the silly tiny ocean island of white sand, Modoc? It is forbidden for anyone to see the island or the oracle. You should be shafted to death.
Kung frowned with a whisper into each face patch. “It is not forbidden for anyone to express freedom of choice, my stupid wife. Tell us about your adventure of the oracle! How did you happen to meet the mysterious oracle of the Confederation?”
Haildrameme frowned. “The oracle is not part or will never be a part of the Confederation. It is a little maggot of a man that lives on an isolated island without power or jurisdiction here within the Kingdom of the Sand.”
Vantrey sat back into the throne chair with a nod and lifted an arm with a laugh. “Modoc can’t pilot an airship. Period!” The other teen and adult royals sounded with a series of laughter and nods of amusement.
His mom Duchess Torgeezus frowned at her son Modoc. “So, you accidentally piloted one of the farm airships onto the island.”
“We accidentally landed on top of the island instead of below the ocean waters.” Vantrey laughed with a nod.
Duchess Torgeezus turned to face Vantrey with a sour frown. “You were there with my son, Vantrey. Why were you there with my son, Vantrey?”
Vantrey smiled with a nod. “Yeah, I was there. Me and Modoc pal around all the time. We were delivering a set of two wagons with food stuffs that was attached to the airship, flying toward the fire pits and then we encountered a sea of River Rats speed boats while firing at us. Then we discharged an array of sizzling f-bombs back at each speed boat. Then we veered out of f-bomb range too far and landed down on the island with distress.”
Glay nodded with a stern face to the nose profile of the Vantrey. “That story makes sense to me. Then, what happened, Vantrey?
Marquise Fallacious turned and faced Modoc with a puzzled brow.  “Then while there, you left the airship to seek out the oracle.”
Vantrey nodded with a smile. “Then there, we watched a long of people standing outside in the heated weather and in front of a worn and ratty curtain. So, we went to investigate like a pair of goody-good royals.”
Haildrameme pointed at Modoc with a sour frown. “Wait! I am the queen leader of the Confederation here. I don’t believe either one of the two silly teen princes. You are a child compared to my wise royal wisdom. Thus, I require a description of the island where the silly short male oracle lives. I have heard some colorful rumors of the short and ugly man, who is called the oracle. If your tale matches my vivid imagination, then we will proceed with the rest of your silly story.”
Kung turned and frowned at the nose profile of his wife Haildrameme, returning back to see Modoc. “You are babbling in nonsense words, my wife. The teen prince is too young to make up such a fable. What did the oracle say to you, Modoc?”
His mom Duchess Torgeezus nodded to her son Modoc. “I agree with Haildrameme. I, too, have heard, not seem, some colorful rumors from my own citizens.”
Haildrameme turned and gasped at her royal friend with a sneer. “Why are you siding with me and against your own son, Duchess Torgeezus?”
Torgeezus gasped. “I want to hear the truth and not some made-up childish storylines.”
Modoc exhaled with a huff of sour breath and turned with a sour frown to see the rows of elevated throne chairs and as the golden cheekbone face patch twinkled underneath the sunrays. “Uh! I saw palm fronds, shark teeth, gator claws, seashells. I saw a tiny shack with a ratty curtain as the entrance point. Inside the shack, the walls were made palm tree bark. The rooftop was made of palm fronds. A long line of people stood in front of the ratty curtain to see and talk with the oracle. So me and Vantrey went inside to see what was happening?”
Marquee Jennessee frowned. “What did the oracle say?”
Modoc cleared a throat with a gasp and a stern face. “The oracle told me that the Pamburg Kingdom would fall.”
Vetepurr gasped in alarm. “When will this occur, Modoc?”
Marquise Fallacious frowned. “Why would the oracle tell you that precious information, Modoc?”
“Prince Modoc is going to be the next imperator, since the Kingdom of the Land always marries the Kingdom of the Sand. Thus, it is logical to me that Modoc received that vital information.” Nixie nodded with a smile.
Haildrameme stood upright with a gasp to see Modoc. “It is a lie. The short and ugly man is a liar.”
Kung pointed at Modoc with a nod and a whisper into each face patch. “I do not believe the tongue of any one, including a silly young teen prince. So, royal princes Modoc and Vantrey, leave from here and go to the ocean island and find this mysterious oracle. Bring the oracle back here to the Social Tower! Then, we all can question the words of the oracle.” The other royals stood upright with a set of claps, cheers, and head nods.
Haildrameme continued to stand and crossed both arms with a frown. “He is a silly little mean man. I will never believe any of his words no matter the subject. Better yet, I think we should all sleep on the new information, before we react.”
Kung waved a hand with the command of a whisper into each face patch. “Go and get and grab that oracle, right now!”
Vantrey stood upright with a smile and dashed down the short steps onto the floor, turning to face the chairs with the royals of the Kingdom of the Land. “Yes, sire!” Modoc continued to sit inside the throne chair while feeling awe, fear, and worry and then slowly stood upright. Vantrey climbed the steps of the Land throne chair and reached out, grabbing, and jerked the arm of Modoc down toward the floor with a chuckle. Modoc stumbled down with a gasp and a soft curse onto the floor. Vantrey cuddled Modoc into a chest with brute strength and moved ahead toward one of the three open archways. “Yes, sire! We’re galloping out the door, Kung,” he and Modoc exited the Assembly Hall.
Kung slowly stood upright with a smile and a whisper. “While our two young princes are flying to the island and collecting this mysterious oracle to bring back here to the Social Tower, we all will advance from the Assembly Hall and then down to the Dinner Hall, enjoying our breakfast meal,” he climbed down the steps without his wife and moved ahead toward the one of the open archways with a smile and a nod to each departing royal.


9th hour (mid-morn)


8th floor level
Assembly Hall
Outdoor sand setting


Coming down the smooth and hard staircase of tan colors, Vantrey shoved Modoc away from the body with a sneer and continued to march down the infamous “one thousand and one steps” of the Social Tower building, hitting the ground level flat slab of smooth tan with a growl. “Why didn’t you tell me about the oracle’s prediction, Modoc?” He moved toward the open archway that led outside and into the tan colored sand, the bright sunlight, and the numerous yellow lightning bolts in the blue sky.
Modoc moved beside Vantrey with a gasp and exited out the same archway, strolling over the sand, turning to stare at the action. “What are all these people doing here on top of the sands? The sands are filled with every sun warrior, every bald headed metalist, and every river barge of fisher men, where the barge is docked on the shoreline. I don’t see any representatives from the Kingdoms of the Wind or the Snow. Why are they all here?”
He turned with a smile to see all the people, too. “It’s party time here. Kung thinks that the Pamburg Kingdom is going to fall into his two greedy hands. So, he has planned and invited all the populous of the people to come and party, before the grand event. When will the Pamburg Kingdom fall down and bow to us, Modoc?”
“That’s usual! I don’t know when the Pamburg Kingdom will fall.”
He frowned. “What is more usual? You didn’t bother to share with me the secret from the oracle.”
Modoc tossed and dropped both arms with a sigh. “Look! I didn’t believe the oracle. He just talks all the time to all those lonely and poor people. You didn’t tell me what the oracle said to you.”
He nodded with a sour frown. “Yes, I did. The oracle told me that I would be very happy in my future. And my girl Pio would be very happy too. Didn’t you remember? I told you right after we saw the oracle inside the airship when you almost get us killed with your air flight driving back to the soil of the Land,” he veered to the side and moved toward the new airship.
Modoc pointed with a confused brow at the new and shiny airship. “Where are we going?”
He moved toward the shiny airship. “Kung ordered us to go and get the oracle.”
Modoc shook a skull. “No. I mean. Why are you veering us toward my airship that my father flew from the Land to here in the Sand?”
He laughed with a nod at the airship. “The Land has a set of better and bigger and bestest airships within the Confederation. I wanna live and survive the f-bombs coming up from the fleet of nasty boats of the River Rats. Look all at the limited and ugly airships from the Sun! That is our entire fleet of ships right here on top of the sands. There are smaller and tighter and smell like cow shit on the interior…”
“Cows didn’t live in the Kingdom of the Sun. How can anything smell like cow shit? Cow shit lives on the farm and in the crop fields. I should know. I smell it every day.”
He laughed. “Because, we killed and ate them all. It is a ritual to place the inners of a dead cow inside the new ship during the maiden voyage. Except, someone forget to clean it out after the maiden voyage. So, the raw juicy inners just kinda disintegrated and melted down in-between the tiny metal cracks of the floor while flooding the entire compartment with the smell of dead cow inners.”
Modoc laughed. “Poo-woo! That’s really stupid.”
“The Sun guards didn’t really fly around in airships. We fight with a shaft. Get inside the passenger side! We gotta get passed the sea of River Rats over the Delta waters before landing on top of the island again.”
Parallel to the Social Tower, between the shoreline of water and the first row of smaller sand castles, there stood five individual airships that came from each kingdom, except the river barge from the Kingdom of the Lakes.
Each airship was parked a short distance on the outskirts of Social Tower and displayed a cab section for two people and a rear section for two to four more people in the shape of a smooth and rounded light blue tinted cone without a wagon of food and a back end with a set of thrusters for power. The cab section held a set of two doors that were open and ready for entrance with a pair of princes. The rest of the landscape of tan colored sand held an array of numerous heated bodies that stood and ate or sat down and ate or moved around and ate while a team of Sand servants moved around the sand and held a tray of food or drink.
Modoc dashed away from Vantrey and scooted around the airship, ducking down from the rooftop and entered through the open door of the passenger side.
All the metal components had been designed and developed within the Kingdom of the Fire.
Vantrey moved ahead and slid down into the leather seat, reaching up and tapped on the numerous buttons and levers. “Slap on a green chin patch for communication! The River Rats will be targeting us, once we leave the shoreline.”
He reached over and slammed open the forward compartment, reaching inside and pulled out two matching green tinted chin face patches, handing one to Vantrey. He slapped the chin face patch on the forehead which worked anyway on the body, even the penis, if you dared to glue it there.  He frowned. “Why didn’t they attack all the docked river barges? Every single river barge is waddling back and forth in the salt water right there on the shoreline.” He webbed into the chair and scooted backwards. Both booted feet reached out and touched a weapon pedal on the floor for action with the fleet of swift driving River Rats speed boats. Both hands lifted and touched, grabbing an upper weapon lever also.
Vantrey reached over and grabbed the face patch, slapping it over the forehead with a stern face and a stern order. “It is a sailor promise of the sea or something weird ass. Ferron told me that his partners give the River Rats fresh seafood in exchange for not attacking the slow moving river barge. The river barge is a barge without power and weaponry.”
He nervously tapped on two the upper weapon levers with a worried brow. “So, why do the River Rats attack us?”
Vantrey completed the checklist of all screen monitors and all the gears for the air flight and pressed the level. The light blue airship swiftly lifted from the sandy soil and blew tons of sand at the other natives who lounged over the surface. Some of the native quickly stood upright and tossed an arm into the air with a folded fist of angry.
Vantrey continued to press the hand controls on the steering wheel that maneuvered the airship direction, air speed, and air protection of weapons. He did not bother to open the panel that controlled the weapons underneath the belly of the main cabin. 
Each crooked metal arm was a firing weapon that rotated around the air and targeted the enemy which was control by a set of foot pedals on the floor of the cabin. Each crooked metal arm released a set of molted and heated lave liquid squirts through the air and down onto an enemy. The lava liquid came from the deep pits of the Kingdom of the Fire. The belly of each airship housed a furnace type compartment inside the middle spot of the underbelly that kept the lave liquid hot and ready for a firing kill shot. He steered the airship forward toward the Delta water and over the tops of the river barges with a stern face. “Each flying Land airship hauls a wagon or two of fresh food. They enjoy eating like me,” laughing.
Modoc continued to tap on the two upper weapons in each hand with a nod. “We should gang up and attack all the speed boats and then eliminate all the peaky River Rats once and for all that invade the waters of the Delta.”
The nose cone of the airship sailed over the edge of light blue waters of the Delta toward the Kingdom of the Fire. That was the only passage in the air or through the water toward the opposite side of the three other kingdoms of the Confederation. Vantrey fly with a stern face while watching out for the fleet of speed boats, “Hmm! That is not a wise idea! We all live in a circle of life. If one life form is murdered out of existence, then circle will collapse.”
Modoc turned and frowned at the nose profile of Vantrey. “What? What does that mean?”
On top of the placid blue tinted Delta water, a fleet of six patrolling River Rat fast boats was steering toward the north, looking for trouble. The Delta waters were owned by a group of citizens that were called the River Rats. The River Rats consisted of men, women, and children. They wore a hat that was made of an extra-large gator skull of bones that blocked out the harsh sunlight over a pair of sensitive eyeballs they painted crushed up sea creatures that sparked in white colors over the outer skin.
He steered the airship over the water with a stern face. “I mean that the River Rats are approaching right now on your side door of the airship. I’m flying low and fast…”
Modoc turned and faced the window with a gasp, seeing the fleet of approaching speed boats. “All the River Rats are coming right at me on my side of the airship. You are flying too low, Vantrey. I’ll be sizzled with an f-bomb for shore. Get up and go higher! Before, my ass is sizzled into fire.”
Each fast boat of the River Rat saw the new target that was flying low over surface of the Delta waters, twisting around in a sharp curve, sailing over the water, and split into three separate groups of two. Each fast boat gained speed and sailed closer toward the skimming airship, firing an individual round of circular sizzling and heated yellow colored lava bombs at the side door of airship, where Modoc sat. Vantrey steered the airship over the placid ocean waters with a stern face. “No. I’m flying with the swift sail of the ocean breeze toward the island.” The discharged f-bomb flew across the water and landed in the water.
Inside the cabin of the airship, Modoc twisted a right foot pedal underneath the boot sole. The crooked metal arm was a firing weapon that rotated around the air and targeted the enemy which was control by a set of foot pedals on the floor of the cabin. The crooked metal arm released a set of molted and heated lave liquid squirts through the air and down onto an enemy. The lava liquid came from the deep pits of the Kingdom of the Fire. The belly of each airship housed a furnace type compartment inside the middle spot of the underbelly that kept the lave liquid hot and ready for a firing kill shot. He stomped the right foot pedal and released an array of green colored lava spit that immediately hit down into the water with a puff of steam. “I missed.” He reached down and pressed a right upper hand pedal on the console, whipping the side arm to move and pose at one of the fast boats. Each boat was too far away from each other for a group kill shot. The crooked metal arm shot out a short stream of green colored lava that came out from the heated compartment. The airship compartment contained a finite amount of heated lava liquid, where the stream of green colored lava spat out and then hit down into the water missing the speed boat. “I missed, again!” Modoc moaned at the approaching fleet of speed boats.
Vantrey pressed the hand lever and veered the airship side to side over the flat water while flying swiftly away from the six speed boats with a growl of worry. “Don’t bother firing another f-bomb! You can’t hit a single boat from a sideways position. Just hang on! We are flying faster than a seagull. We will need all the live ammunition returning back over the Delta waters inside the airship, without losing a skis or a life.”
Each River Rat speed boat waved side to side over the water and launched a purple colored lava spit ball at the low flying airship. Each f-bomb arched into the air and landed down into the water, and created a plume of white steam. Modoc stared out the window with a worried brow at each boat. “There are six fast boats not drowning in the deep blue Delta waters, my friend.”
Vantrey didn’t shout with a command and continued to steer the swift airship toward the white sandy landscape. A set of two fast boats sailed directly toward the airship and fired a set of individual yellow colored fire bombs at the door. One of the f-bombs hit on the door.
Modoc yelped in alarm. “Go faster!”
Vantrey steered the wheel and slightly tilted the air ship to the left, heading toward the open ocean waters with a stern face. “The River Rats won’t be in pursuit much longer. They don’t travel toward the end of the Delta waters, where the dancing lightning bolts guards the entrance of the sea river. Each bolt of energy is attracted down to the water and to each cobbled metal fast boat of the River Rats, causing both death and destruction also.”
Modoc frowned. “We could be the cause of death and destruction, too.”
“Naw! I’m too fast for a lightning bolt,” He laughed. “Don’t talk! Don’t fire! Just sit!” Vantrey gritted the teeth and felt the airship sway side to side within the swift air currents of the ocean waters.
The two speed boats targeted and discharged an array of yellow lava spit at the side door. The airship tilted to the side. Modoc gasped and reached up, grabbing the hand-hold with a worried brow. “What?”
Vantrey held the steering wheel steady with a pair of sweaty hands and a set of gritted teeth. “Sit tight! We’re landing unsafe.”



Kingdom of the Lakes

Home of Countess Zorachina and Count Quinastine
   First royal prince Ferron, second royal prince Gunnison
     and dead third royal princess Triddie

Neon green tinted fresh water river and blue skyline location

Pamburg jettie of Princess Teath
Interior setting of cockpit


She had stumbled backward and landed flat upon a back spine again, closing both eyelashes from both the body and mental exhaustion, trying to hit the control panel too upright the jettie ship during the out of control air flight. She fell backward down into a deep catnap while hearing the smoothing roar of loud engines.
Teath blinked both eyelashes open, seeing all the protruded objects on the ceiling. The upside control panel and the attached pilot seat hung down on top of the ceiling like an icicle, where the ceiling was really the floor base of the jettie.
The jettie continued to gain height with great speed moving ahead in a southerly direction coming from the snow, icicles, and cold weather of the Kingdom of the Snow.
She whispered with exhaustion. “Dead mother, are you there?” She turned to face each curvy wall inside the jettie without seeing a peek of bright tint of lavender hue that clearly identified the beginning outline and presence of her dead mother, who had been murdered by the mysterious Forger. The mysterious and tall Forger also had murdered the Pamburg king, queen, and the other thirteen princesses for some mysterious reason, except for Teath.
Teath was on the run or on the hunt or on the limb inside a runaway jettie which was an airborne airship moving toward the Kingdom of the Lakes.
“Harpy!” Teath rolled to the side and stood upright on both kneecaps and palms, shaking a head full of sleepy thoughts and a face of sleepy crumbs with a soft growl. “I have been awake for ninety minutes. I am close or on top of the Kingdom of the Lakes. I’m supposed to land in the Lakes and find an abandoned boat and live there. So I can continue my novice Forger training sessions with my dead mother,” she slowly stood upright and wobbled side to side from the jolting roll of the jettie. “I need to stop the ship. Okay! I need to turn it upright slowly and then land the ship. Harpy! This is not easy!”
She slowly stood upright and stretched out all the arching limbs with an ugly yawn, leaning down and snatched up the shaft and reared back, aiming the shaft at the control panel on top of the new rooftop, which was really the floor of the ship, pitching the shaft at the ceiling. Teath wobbled side to side from the rolling jettie. The flying shaft missed and hit the top of the ceiling with a soft ting, dropping back down and landed on the floor.
Teath dropped down on both kneecaps and crawled over the smooth and curvy floor which was really the ceiling of the jettie and reached out, picking up the shaft, slowly standing upright and back stepped into the same spot. She reared back and pitched the shaft again with a loud grunt of physical sore muscles, mentally distress, and teenly frustration. The flying shaft missed and hit the top of the ceiling with a soft ting, dropping down and landed onto the floor.
She dashed over and leaned down, picking up the shaft, standing upright and back stepped into the same spot. She reared back and ran backwards with a loud grunt, gasping with pain, reaching up the touched her nostrils, pulling back a hand of red blood proteins with a frown. “I’m hurt. But, I didn’t fall on my face. Why is my nose bleeding?” She wobbled side to side from the tilting jettie and folded down at the fit waistline, dropping down the shaft onto the floor, reaching up and grabbed both the earlobes with a groan of more pain, pulling back both hands to see more red blood proteins.
The jettie engine sounded with a sissy whine.
“O no! The jettie has been flying upward toward the freaking sun and now has reached maximum sky altitude with the engine power. My ears and my nose are bleeding from the lack of atmosphere inside the cockpit. I’m flying with the puffy white clouds or beyond,” she blinked both eyelashes open and shut, seeing darkness and then lightness. “O no! I’m passing out for the lack of oxygen. My brain can’t function without air. Dead mother? Dead mother, help me right now!”
The jettie engine sounded with an ear-piercing whine and then completely shut down, creating silence inside the cockpit, except for the heavy pants of Teath. The ship rapidly descended back down toward the planet from the white fluffy clouds. Teath tumbled backward and tripped over her feet, dropping down and landed flat on the back spine with a mouth of blood and a loud grunt of pain. “I must land now…” she passed out into unconsciousness.
The jettie continued to descend and swirl over and over through the air waves coming down toward the planet as the unconscious body of Teath violently rolled side to side over the wall and the floor of the ship.


Isolated ocean tiny island location
Dark blue ocean waters and white tinted sand
Hot temperatures and bright sunlight
Shack setting of Orkey


The airship swiftly flew over the lower level of the greenish-black river water and sailed safely over the white sands of the landscape and did not slow down air space. Modoc stared ahead at the ground and reached up, griping the net webbing over a body with a worried brow, “Slow down, Vantrey! You’re going to wreck the airship over the land. Then, we will have no transport back home to the Sand. The airship dropped down from the air and skimmed the white sands, hitting the soft sands, jolting into a halt over the soil. Vantrey reached over and pressed the lever, killing the engine with a sigh. Modoc rotated both eyeballs and the neck muscles, turning with a growl to see the nose profile of Vantrey. “That wasn’t fun or funny in my dad’s new airship!”
“We don’t have time for fun or funny. We are on a mission to get and take the oracle to Kung.” Vantrey reached over and pressed the button with a grin and a laugh, “Welcome back to the edge of the world!”
Modoc unlatched the webbed chair with a huff of annoyance and cracked open the door, sliding out and stood upright with a sour frown, scanning the bare landscape of white sand. “The oracle might be wrong. He might not say the same thing to Kung like he did me. And then what will happen, Vantrey?”
The airship door crack opened with a soft ting. Vantrey slid out the pilot seat with a smile and dashed around the open door with a shout, “We gotta go and get the oracle, right now. Then, we fly back to Kung. I wanna start the war with the Pamburg Kingdom sissy boys, today, before lunchtime,” he didn’t bother slam the door of the airship shut and dashed ahead with the upcoming victory.
The new landscape was a long island in the shape of smooth edged rectangle which was colored in pure white sand that was surrounded by light blue ocean waters. The island was separated from the mainland by the ocean water. The only access point into the island was by an airship.
Vantrey didn’t bother shading both eyeballs from the bright sand and the bright sunlight with a stern face and tripped over the line of loose and scattered merchandise of shark teeth, whale oil, gator claws, star fishies, seashells, sea horses, sponges, slamming into the line of standing people on top of the sands, who were waiting to see the oracle.
Modoc slowly moved ahead with a worried brow. “Don’t annoy the populous of the people, Vantrey! We only want to see the oracle first.”
He plowed through the line of people with a growl toward the flapping ratty purple colored curtain of the side of the tiny shack. “No. We are here to kidnap the oracle and learn about the prediction.”
Modoc swung around with a worried brow to see the lonely airship without two wagons of food with nervousness. “Is my airship safe from robbers?”
Vantrey dashed through the line of standing and mumbling people in front of the ratty purple curtain with a loud sneer. “Yes, everyone is safe. Yes, everyone is fine. Yes, everything is safe. Let’s go and get the oracle, right now!”
Modoc swung around with a sour frown and dashed ahead, following behind the ass of Vantrey, reaching out and touching each person with a sissy whine and moved through the fallen line of people, “Excuse me! Pardon us! We are in a hurry. We have an urgent request for the oracle. Sorry about that! Sorry about my big friend.”
The island held one structure, if you could call it that. The tiny shack was made of two parts. The walls were chopped down thin palm tree bark. The rooftop was made of green color long and oval shaped palm fronds. There were vertical spaces between the chopped down palm tree trunk, where you could see more people inside a tiny room. The front door of the shack was a piece of dull and torn red colored fabric like a long curtain. The curtain was closed with a line of people in front of the archway.
Vantrey advanced ahead and reached out with a growl, ripping down the torn and dull purple colored curtain from the opening and entered the tiny room, folding the curtain into a ball and dropped down over the sands. The shack was constructed of two separate rooms, a large room, and a smaller room. The door of the shack stood on the side of the wall. The entrance wall was composed of an assortment of misshaped and chopped down palm tree trunks door that formed an ugly wall with an array of vertical open spaces between each tree trunk. On the opposite of the entrance wall, there was an exit door that was not covered by a curtain, clearly showing more white sands and the edge of the light blue ocean water. 
Inside the largest room, each adult person knelt into the sand and started at the oracle.
The short thin male possessed a set of bowed skinny legs, a head of blonde colored long hair that was tied in a ponytail down the back spine, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of grey colored eyeballs, standing in a tan colored loincloth with a naked thin chest and a smile. “I am Orkey, the oracle. I am great. You are not. I am here. You are here. I will tell you about your most desiring and dangerous dream…”
Vantrey plowed through the rest of the kneeling people and entered inside the tiny room, stopping and stood over the blonde hair roots of the short man. He reached down and grabbed the skinny dark tinted arm of the oracle. “Come with me!”
Orkey gasped with alarm and pulled back with a confused brow from the tall male. “No. I have an audience of people.”
“You are requested to see the imperator.”
“No. He can come and see me here.”
Vantrey lifted and cuddled the small man into a chest with a sneer over the blonde colored hair roots of the oracle. “Let’s go! We need to leave and go and visit the imperator,” he turned to face the exit door and dashed ahead, leaving the tiny shack and slowly turned and faced the parked airship on the edge of the island, moving ahead through the sands toward the parked airship. Modoc followed behind the back spine of Vantrey in silence.
A large group of loud and angry people exited out the back door of the tiny shack, slowly moving around the side of the shack, shouting with raised fists at the ass of Vantrey, who had kidnapped the oracle. Modoc spun around and moved backward with a worried brow, watching the angry mod of people that appeared to be family units that were not following behind the back spine of Modoc. They leaned over with whispers and pointed at the back spine of Vantrey.  Some of the families came from the Kingdom of the Wind, wearing a set of loose pastel colored garments around a body with a set of scarves around the neck and the shoulders.
Modoc swung around with a worried brow to see the slow moving river barge, the empty shoreline, the single airship, and the back spine of Vantrey, back stepping with a worried brow and pointed at the object in the sky with fright. “Look at that! Look at that! It’s…it’s a…”
Vantrey continued to dash over the white sand and toted the wiggling little man with a sneer. “It is the decorated face of an eagle mammal on one of the many river barges. I told you that the last night we visited here. Move it, Modoc! We’re in a hurry to get back to the Sand and Kung.”
Modoc followed behind the ass of Vantrey toward the single airship that belonged to his father which stood on the edge of the tiny island with a gasp, shading both naked eyeballs from the bright sun for a better view with a worried brow at the object. “No. Something is going to attack us. Something is guarding this island. Something is coming down on top of us, Vantrey.”
Vantrey continued to dash ahead with a sour frown and the oracle in both arms toward the lonely airship on the edge of the sand. “Yeah, the decorative face on the river barge looks intimidating and quite real like it is attacking us and guarding the single island, but it ain’t. Get into the passenger seat of the airship, Modoc! We need to leave, right now.”
Modoc dashed ahead and pulled up, body slamming into the side of Vantrey with a heavy grunt of pain, dropping down over the soft sand and covered the skull, hearing the loud whistling sound. Vantrey released the hold on Orkey. Orkey fell down onto the soft sand and curled into a ball over the surface, hearing the whistling sound. Vantrey slid sideways with a shout and landed on the side of the body with a sneer, seeing the shiny object in the sky.
The shiny object dropped down from the blue sky and collided into the tiny shack, where a line of people stood upright and stared up at the flying object or down at the fallen body of Vantrey. The shiny object was wide in length and short in height, sliding across the soft sand and smashed end to end into the width of the tiny shack and numerous rows of people in front of the wall of metal. The shim object, the tiny shack, and the rows of peopled all slipped over the edge of the shoreline and then dropped down into the depths of the ocean waters.
Modoc stood upright and spun around with a gasp. “The…”
Orkey stood upright and spun around with a gasp. “Shack…”
Vantrey stood upright on both kneecaps with a grunt. “The meteorite came down from the bright sky. Then it slammed into the shack with the rows of people. Then the meteorite and the shack with all the non-screaming people all rolled off the edge of the shoreline and down into the ocean waters with a soft splash. I can’t believe that.”
Orkey side stepped with a nervous giggle and slammed into the neckline of Vantrey with a grin. “O. Thank you! Thank you! You saved my life, ugly male. I was inside my tiny palm leaf designed hut. Now, my tiny hut is drowned down inside the ocean,” he hugged and kissed the cheekbone of Vantrey. Vantrey reached over and grabbed the oracle, cuddling him into a chest with a growl.
The ocean waters growled with motion of one gigantic wave. Modoc pointed at the object with a gasp of fear. “Run! The meteorite has caused an ocean tidal wave in a fifty wall of water. Run away with your life from the shoreline. Get into the airship now!” He spun around and ran toward the airship, scooting around the open door, sliding in the sand, standing half-way and dropped down into the seat, slamming the door shut with a heavy pants and a worried heart. “Get inside, Vantrey! Hurry up! Leave the oracle behind. Don’t fall and die, Vantrey!” He reached over and pressed the button that started the cold engines on the airship which didn’t close the open pilot door for Vantrey.
Vantrey spun around and raced ahead with the oracle from the tidal wave, scooting around the open door, sliding down into the seat, and slammed the door shut with Orkey just in time. The single wall of dark blue ocean water curved into the air and then hit down over the flat landscape, rolling waves of salt water and thousand of dead colorful fish on top of the white sands toward the opposite side of the tiny landscape. A flood of rough waves and thousands of colored small fish covered the entire airship which was water proof from both rain drops and the ocean waves. Then, the rushing ocean waves sucked backwards and sunk back down into the ocean, carrying with it all the loose white sands, some of the dead fish, and the rest of the people that didn’t escape from the deadly killer fifty feet tidal wave.
Vantrey reached down and pressed the hand lever. The airship wiggled side to side from the heavy water and slowly lifted off the wet sans. Vantrey reached back and tossed tiny Orkey inside the rear bench seating with a growl. “Get buckled inside the webbing or get a bloody nose! I don’t care either way. This ain’t my airship,” he shifted the hand lever with the power engines. The airship lifted from the wet sands and flew forward toward the open ocean and then slowly curved around in the air waves, steering toward the Delta water of the Confederation, flying at maximum speed. “Get ready with the foot and hand pedals, Modoc! I am flying toward the rows of awaiting River Rats speed boats this time. You must hit or damage each one. Or I will beat your ass if we crash-land in the water.”
Modoc reached out and touched all the hand and foot pedals, twisting each crooked arms on the side and the underbelly of the airship toward the numerous rows of speed boats with a worried brow in silence.
Orkey slid side to side with a giggle and a grin over the smooth leather rear bench as the airship rolled side to side from the defensive air flying by pilot Vantrey, “Wee. Uoo. Woo…”


Underneath the ocean waters
Pamburg jettie of Princess Teath
Interior setting of the cockpit


Underneath the ocean waters, the Pamburg jettie slowly drifted down further into the depths of the water. Teath slid side to side over the floor from the tilting roll of the jettie with a loud grunt. “What happened? Where am I? Why aren’t all the engines buzzing with a loud sound?” She slid over and touched the wall on the upright jettie while feeling the colder temperatures with a gasp, “Harpy! I’m underneath the water, not above the waves of the lake water inside the Kingdom of the Lakes. The wall is ice cold, without the heat of the sunlight. Get out! Leave, right now,” she spun around and crawled toward the exit door, stopping on both palms and kneecaps, exhaling and inhaling deep breathes of air. She inhaled and held the breath of precious air, reaching over, slapping the button. The exit door slid open. Water flooded the tiny cockpit.
Teath pushed off from the floor and exited the door, swimming forward through the salt water that stung her open eyeballs while holding the breath. She arched upright and swam with both arms and legs toward the bright surface of the ocean passing the dead bodies, dead fish, and parts and pieces of floating palm tree fragments, breaking the surface of the water with a set of gags, coughs, and gurgles for fresh air. She slowly paddled toward the shoreline without seeing any hand or body assistance. The entire shoreline of white sands was beautiful and empty. She realized with sadness that it was her jettie that killed the people accidentally. 
She couldn’t gain control of the jettie to steer toward the Kingdom of the Lakes.
Teath slapped a hand onto the sand and slowly crawled on both kneecaps and palms over the shallow waters and soft sands with a set of heavy pants, stopping and slowly standing upright with a gasp of alarm. A group of people were coming to help from a river barge. However, they were dressed in variety of attire from a long colorful skirt to a solid colored tunic and a pair of trousers. Teath wore the Pamburg battle gear consisting of a vest and a skirt with a pair of boots. If one of the other natives recognized her usual battle gear or her amber head of curls, then the native would kill her on the spot of white sands.
Teath back stepped with a gasp and dropped back down into the depths of the water, holding the breath, and swam around, colliding into one of the dead bodies. She floated upright under the water and ripped off a long skirt, a long sleeve blouse, and a head scarf from the dead woman slowly dressing a body underneath the water while slowly drifting up to the surface. She finished covering the battle gear and her hair roots with the clothing and then re-surfaced, coughing, and gagging for a set of air molecules, floating in the waves.
A nice short male splashed through the shallow water and reached out, pulling Teath out from the ocean water, lifting and carrying her toward the single river barge with a worried brow. “It’s okay, now, miss. I’m taking you to the river barge with the other injured people. I can see that you come from the Kingdom of the Wind, but there is trouble there right now. So, the river barge is taking everyone back to the Kingdom of the Lakes for food and rest. Then transportation will be arranged for you to go back home.”
She nodded with a cough without revealing her secret. Teath was a Pamburg princess and wanted to go to the Kingdom of the Lakes originally. She coughed out the single word with a little mouth spit of salt ocean water, rubbing the water from a face. “Thanks!”
The nice male marched up the ramp and stopped, squatting down, resting Teath on top of the naked steel floor with a row of coughing and gagging peopled. Then he stood upright and dashed away to help another person. Teath leaned down and rested over the cool naked floor with a grin and a cough, closing both eyelashes to sleep



Kingdom of the Sand

Home of Imperator Kung, his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
  and two daughters first royal Princess Pelf
    and second royal Princess Nixie

Tan beach with streaks of yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and blue sky

Assembly Hall
Interior setting of throne chairs of the royals


Vantrey had defeated the rows of River Rats speed boats for a second time without injury to the people on-board the ship, but he couldn’t say the same truth about the new shiny airship that belonged to Duke Allakon.
Modoc was both the worse pilot and gunner in the entire Confederation. An array of individual purple colored sizzling f-bombs had hit and burned on both door frames and the underbelly of the airship, where Modoc had missed with the lava gun shot at the targeting speed boats.
Currently, Vantrey had landed and exited from the operational but ugly airship with Modoc and was swiftly climbing up the sloped staircase of the Social Tower while toting the small man in both arms without panting from the rapid activity as a young active and brave royal, turning to face the short hallway, marching down the hallway toward one of the open hallway.
Orkey wiggled side to side inside the arms of Vantrey while wearing the tan colored fishing net for restraint also, turning with a smile to see the tan colored hallway. “Wow! This hallway is nice and empty of people and pictures, Help!” He smiled with a chuckle. “I can hear my own words echo back into my face. Where are we going? Why am I here?”
Vantrey moved ahead with a stern face toward the middle open archway. “The imperator wants to see and talk with you.”
Orkey wiggled side to side inside the arms of Vantrey with a smile. “Well, the imperator could have visited my tiny hut to come and see and talk to me, too.”
Modoc marched beside Vantrey with a stern face. “The outer space silver tinted meteorite and then the ocean tidal wave took out your little shack on the isolated island, sir. Now, you don’t have a home, Orkey.”
Orkey pouted with sadness, “O. I keep forgetting that my hut is drowned in the ocean.”
Modoc laughed. “And you are called an oracle. How do you forget something? I thought that you know everything.”
Orkey laughed with a nod. “I know lots of stuff, not lots of everything.”
Vantrey strolled through the middle open archway and moved in-between the elevated rows of Kingdom of the Land and the Wind. Modoc turned to face his throne chair and advanced, sitting down to see the dramatic show. Vantrey advanced ahead and stopped, standing in the middle of the floor in front of Kung and Haildrameme. The rest of the royals quietly sat inside the throne chair with a dripping mouth drool of the upcoming prediction from the lips of the oracle, watching the back spine of the tiny man. He slowly lowered Orkey to the floor without a smile. “Sire, I have brought and delivered the oracle to you. He used to live on the tiny island within the ocean. He is named Orkey.” Vantrey back stepped away from Orkey and moved backward, stumbling back up the throne steps and sat back down inside the same throne chair with his brother Qcraft.
Haildrameme sat in the same place and the throne chair with her husband Kung, jabbing a manicured finger with a sneer at the Orkey. “What is this vile maggot on top of the clean tile?”
Orkey spun around in a completed circle with a smile and stopped, facing Kung and Haildrameme again, “Where?”
Kung smiled with a set of loud words for the Orkey to hear. “I demand that you tell us the secret!”
Orkey frowned at Kung. “What secret?”
“Tell us about the kingdom of Pamburg!”
Orkey crossed both arms and shook a balding skull at Kung, “Lookie here! This is how it works. I don’t tattle anything. I answer a single question. Now, if you kindly ask me a single question, then I will tattle that specific answer to your pretty face. You have a really pretty face…”
“Very well!” Kung frowned.
Haildrameme frowned. “No! I will deal with the little cockroach.”
Orkey gasped with a smile and a wink to Haildrameme. “Beg my pardon! I am a man.”
“You’re short!” Haildrameme smiled.
Orkey winked with a smile at her. “You’re stupid!”
Kung exhaled with a set of loud words. “What is the fate of the Pamburg Kingdom, oracle?”
Orkey continued to wink and smile at Haildrameme while talking to Kung. “The Pamburg Kingdom will fall.” Each royal swiftly stood upright from a throne chair with a set of loud hoots, hand claps, foot stomps, and whistles of the great news.
Kung lifted a palm with a gasp for silence. Each royal continued to stand in silence. He smiled at Orkey, “When? When is the day that the Pamburg Kingdom with fall down and bow its kneecaps to me?”
Orkey continued to wink and grin at Haildrameme while talking to Kung. “The Pamburg Kingdom will fall within a few solar days from right now.” Each royal continued to stand and then dance around the throne chair with each other while sounding with a set of loud hoots, hand claps, foot stomps, and whistles of the great news.
Haildrameme stood upright from the chair with a sour frown and swiftly lifted up her personal shaft near a sneer, “Quiet down, royals! Now, I will kill and eliminate the maggot on top of my floor.”
Orkey back stepped and lifted both palms into the air with a gasp. “Beg my pardon! I do have more secrets to share.”
Kung stood upright from the chair with a smile and reached up, slamming the shaft of his wife over to the side with a laugh. “No! The oracle deserves to live a little longer…”
“I deserve to live a long, longer life.” Orkey gasped in alarm and back stepped from the evil imperator.
Kung tossed both arms into the air with a smile and a nod. “Now, we leave and invade the Pamburg Kingdom, right now…”
“No.” Marquise Fallacious stared with a smirk at Kung. “We do not invade the Pamburg Kingdom.”
“Yes, we do.” Vetepurr continued to stand and lifted the shaft near a sneer.
Fallacious turned and smiled to each royal. “No.” 
“Yes, we do. Did you not hear with your big set of ugly earlobes and your bigger fat ass inside the throne chair? The Pamburg Kingdom is going to fall.” Glay continued to stand and lifted the shaft into the air with a sneer. “So, we should go there and invade and then take over each fertile land as our new treasure consisting of rich food crops and vast meadow valleys, Kung.”
Fallacious continued to smile at each royal. “I am the official historian for the Confederation.”
“So what, Fallacious? We don’t need a historian at the moment. We need a warrior’s hand with a flying shaft of blood from a Pamburg native. Who is coming with me?” Quinastine continued to stand and whip the shaft side to side through the air on top of his throne chair with a sneer.
“Me!” Vantrey continued to stand and raised the shaft near a sneer.
“Me!” Pio continued to stand and pointed at her shaft on the wall behind the rear skull of Kung.
“Me!” Jarl continued to stand and lifted the shaft near a snarl.”
Fallacious continued to smile at each royal. “I would like to point out to each old and young royal. There is only one explanation for the downfall of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
Vetepurr laughed with a nod. “And it is called an array of sizzling lava filled f-bombs, Fallacious.”
Fallacious smiled. “It is called a treaty, where each ruler of the Confederation and the Pamburg Kingdom had signed in blood on the side of an ancient stone tablet.”
Kung gasped with shock. “How do you know this fact, Fallacious?”
Fallacious turned and smiled to each royal. “I am the keeper of all fiction and fact. The stone tablet has been a myth for centuries, without a confirmation, until now.”
Kung gasped. “You have treated me, old man.”
Fallacious smiled at the imperator. “I am the same age as you are, Kung. It is not a trick, but a treat. We cannot invade the Pamburg Kingdom, without just cause.”
Vetepurr laughed with a smile. “An assortment of flying airships from the Confederation, where each belly is filled with a pot of f-bombs will prove just cause and just rewards of the vast lands and rich minerals.”
“No! The only reason that the Pamburg Kingdom will fall is if a young prince or a young princess has died. It is stated in the treaty. If there is no longer a Pamburg prince or a princess to take over each throne chair of the king and the queen, immediately, then the Pamburg Kingdom will fall down and be conquered from an invader of all the royal lands.” 
“That’s us!” Quinastine laughed with a nod.
Allakon frowned. “Why would that be so, Kung? This doesn’t make any sense to my neurons, Fallacious.”
Kung laughed with a nod. “I can explain here. The born and birthed set of sissy princes and prissy princesses can’t fight or fight back against an invader or an enemy. The new young king and the young queen of the Pamburg Kingdom are the only two protectors of the lands and the natives. And they also control all the weapons and the sciences. Thus, without a newly coupled young prince and princess, no other royal is alive to fight for the lands. So, we invade and we win it all,” he tossed both arms into the air with a cheer. The rest of the royals danced around the platforms with a set of smiles and cheers.
“There is more to add to the ancient treaty, Kung.” Fallacious shouted out loud with a sour frown.
Quinastine stopped the dance and turned with a sour frown to see Fallacious. “What is more, Fallacious?”
Fallacious turned and nodded to each royal “For the Pamburg Kingdom to fall from grace and might, we must know which is not alive anymore, the prince or the princess. Thus, we need to know which royal has died.”
“Wait a minute!” Glay frowned. “There are fourteen different born and birthed princesses for this very reason of survival of the Pamburg Kingdom. I, too, have heard rumors, Fallacious. How can fourteen princesses up and die all at the same time?”
Fallacious climbed down the steps from the throne platform and moved ahead, stopping, and stood behind tiny Orkey with a grin. “I would guess that there could be a plague episode that has killed all of the fourteen princesses or all fourteen princes had been eaten by a monster. However, I cannot answer the query. But, that little guy, who stands on top of the floor of the Assembly Hall, can and will and do.” Orkey stood in place in the middle of the floor and stared at Haildrameme with a wink and a grin. Fallacious looked down with a smile at the balding skull of Orkey. “Oracle, which royal sex has all died within the Pamburg Kingdom, the prince line or the princess line?”
Orkey shifted both hips side to side with a wink and a smile at Haildrameme. “The princess…”
“Excellent, oracle!” Fallacious spun around with a smile and a nod to see each royal on top of the throne platform, “The princess line has been both eliminated and exterminated.”
“Good!” Glay smiled. “We go inside and eliminate the rest of the princes.”
Fallacious lifted and shook a fat finger at the female royal. “Tsk! Tsk! Glay was not paying attention to my lecture. The prince line still exists.”
“So, what of it?” Vetepurr frowned.
Jennessee frowned. “Stop playing mind games, Fallacious!” 
Fallacious smiled. “A young prince can still produce a royal heir with a virgin or a whore, which can become a princess, immediately. Is that not right, my wife? The treaty does not state that the prince or the princess must be married only the named king and queen become the two leaders of the Pamburg Kingdom.” Jennessee gasped with shock at the nasty comment coming from the moving lips of her husband and then growled with fury at his face.
Ylangling nodded with a nod. “I can accept that explanation, Fallacious.”
“So, what do we do, now? How can we invade the Pamburg Kingdom if there is a live line of princes? How can it fall down within a few days, if there is still a living and breathing prince?”
Quinastine frowned. “It is too obvious. We wait for the lonely and sickly prince to die. He must be very sick and will die within a few days as the oracle has stated.”
Glay nodded with a smile. “Or we sneak in and go and kill the last prince. Then, we can claim and take over the lands of the Pamburg Kingdom, right now, today. Why should we wait around for one or two more solar days?” 
Duchess Torgeezus frowned. “We still have the problem of a live king and his queen, even if all the princes and princesses are dead.”
Fallacious smiled. “We can still get around the root issue here. We will send in our queens, all our female royals of the Confederation. The treaty allows for a visual inspection of each dead princess with a pair of naked eyeballs by a female ruler of the Confederation. Is that not correct, Kung?”
Kung nodded with a smile. “I see your evil plot, Fallacious. Then, the rest of adult male royals from the Confederation will sneak in behind the asses of our royal females by going through the set of newly parted pearly gates. Then, we all will attack and kill all the young male princes, who are only teens, also. Then, not one teen prince will survive the swift on-slaughter of all our wicked shafts. Then, the Pamburg Kingdom will be ours to have and to hold until this forward.”
“What about the vast and great army of the Pamburg Kingdom? We can’t keep them at bay even with every single Confederation man, woman, and teen with a shaft. If we invade today, we could be killed dead instead?” Allakon nodded.
 Vetepurr smiled. “We invade and capture the mountain castle. The princes and princesses only live in luxury on top of the mountain for protection and prevention of such a nasty invasion. So, we will invade and hold down the castle. Once we are in command, the army has to obey our will. Or we will send in teams of our own trained assassins, who will start to eliminate each and every troublemaker. Isn’t that right, Pio?”
“Yes, Father!” Pio nodded with a smile. “Our team of talented metalists can handle any size assassin or a group of troublemakers with ease.”
“Really?” Kung gasped.
“Really!” Pio chuckled.
“It is settled.” Kung nodded with a smile. “We all agree to send in a convoy that is comprised only of the female royals to survey the new situation within the Pamburg Kingdom. Once Haildrameme has discovered all the dead…”
“How do you know if all of our female royals will be accepted and invited inside the mountain castle?” Glay frowned. “I don’t wanna do that, in case of attack, either.”
Fallacious smiled. “The blood treaty dictates that right to the Confederation.”
“However, it is only a juicy rumor coming down from the mountain castle that all the princesses are dead. What do we say that oracle send us?” Glay laughed.
Fallacious frowned. “No. Do not mention the oracle’s words!”
Glay laughed. “It was a funny joke, Fallacious.”
Fallacious smiled. “You are to say and tattle exactly the juicy rumor coming down from the mountain castle that there is a set of dead princesses. You demand to see the evidence of the dead or alive set of princesses. It is your right as per the blood treaty. The squires of the Pamburg Kingdom cannot deny you that right. If they do, then we can attack immediately.”
Quinastine frowned. “Really?”
“Really!” Fallacious smiled.
Kung nodded with a smile. “If they do invite us inside, then we will attack anyways. The plan outlay in sequence steps, first, we will send inside the mountain castle all the female royals…”
“Only the adult female royals are allowed inside the Pamburg mountain castle.” Haildrameme smiled.
“I wanna go, Father.” Nixie stomped a sandal and crossed both arms on top of her throne platform with a snarl.
“I wanna go, too, Dad!” Pio turned and frowned at the nose profile of her father.
“I wanna go, three, Daddy!” Ovilla stomped both sandals and crossed both arms on top of her throne platform, staring at her father on the floor.
Haildrameme shook her curls. “No! Each one of you, teens is not an authorized or a recognized leader of the Confederation. Every adult is. Since, all the deaths are related to the female line of princesses, all the female adult royals can view and verify each dead princess. And if a Confederation princess is found on the Pamburg soil, then it could be death for the young royal.”
Kung nodded with a stern face. “Haildrameme is correct.  I express sorrow and sorry to all female teen royals. You will stay home, today. But, we will call for you to come to the mountain castle, once the bloody battle is over.  Now, the diplomatic party will consist of all the adult female royals. Now, my wife Haildrameme will lead the female royals into the mountain castle. Quinastine, I need all your floating and available river barges to sail toward the shoreline and then carry each member of the diplomatic party…”
“Every river barge is available and here,” Quinastine laughed with a nod. “Each decorated barge is docked by the shore line of the Sand for boarding and then departing to the Pamburg Kingdom, right now, Kung.” Quinastine was going to try and kill the royal family of the Sand for the death of the five young royal teens, today. However, all these plans had changed. He would attack and kill all the sissy Pamburg princes and then claim a big piece of fertile land for his family and his citizens of the Kingdom of the Lakes.
Kung gasped with alarm. “What? How is that possible that all your river barges are here at this moment?”
Quinastine sneered. “How is possible that we still don’t know the killer of the five young teen royals which occurred here at the Kingdom of the Sand?”
Fallacious smiled. “It is obvious to me.”
Glay sneered. “Who is the obvious killer of the five teen royals?”
Fallacious smiled. “The Pamburg Kingdom has already sent in a spy to spy on us here inside the Confederation without our knowledge. The spy is very good, since the spy has not been captured. With a juicy rumor coming down the mountain castle of a set of dead princesses, the spy is trying to eliminate their competition which is our group of young royals, who could easily occupy the royal hot seat. And the damn spy has done a very good job. We are down by five now.” The teen royals bounced up and down on top of the elevated platform with a set of snarls and head nods in silence, except for Pelf.
Kung nodded with a stern face. “So be it! We will even the odds. I will allow all the young teen male royals plus all the other young and older males coming from the ranks of the Sun guards to join our brief bloody fight and kill all the Pamburg princes. Glay, I need for you to gather and collect…”
“My Sun guards are all here and present and available, too, Kung. They are eating and shitting all over the pretty tan colored sands right outside the Social Tower for your army, of course, Kung.” Glay laughed with the other royals. She had planned to try and kill Kung and his family during the impromptu meeting for the death of her son. However, her plans had changed to invade the Pamburg Kingdom and secure a trace of land for her people and her family instead.
“What?” Kung gasped with alarm at the audacity of the other royals to invade his property without permission. “Why are all your guards here on my…?”
“Forget it! What else do we need to do or know right now?” Jennessee flipped up a hand with a laugh feeling excitement at seeing the internal walls of the Pamburg Kingdom through a set of open glittering gates.
Vetepurr smiled. “My team of talented metalists is present and available here, also, Kung.”
“What?” Kung gasped with alarm of his life force. One of the strong and tall metalists could permanently end his life with a whack of a talented rod of sharp blades on the shaft.
“The team of metalists is the royal backup plan, in case, something else goes terribly wrong inside the Pamburg Kingdom,” Haildrameme laughed at the subtle threat to kill her selfish and greedy husband Kung with a smile. “So, all the girls will stay here and standby today, in case, you have to rescue mama or daddy,” she laughed with the other royals, but Kung. All the teen royal females sounded with set of loud boos and foot stomps on top of the wooden platform, except for Pelf. Haildrameme tossed both arms into the air with a smile to see each teen female. “Calm down! Calm down! all right! Listen to me!” She dropped down both arms and slapped the long gown with a smile to each teen female. “I would like all the teen females to gather up all the populous of the people here inside and outside the sands of the Social Tower and provide a rally party for our upcoming victory over the Pamburg princes and the acquisition of all the Pamburg lands. Contact all the populous of the people to come here and have some fun with food trays and entertainment!”
Nixie frowned at the nose profile of her mother. “What type of entertainment, Mother?”
Ovilla tossed both arms into the air and nodded with a smile on top of the throne platform between her mother Jennessee and her brother Exmore. “We can do that, Haildrameme. We can come up with some type of entertainment to amuse the populous of the people. Go on to the Pamburg Kingdom, ya’ll! Don’t take all day! We will stay here and wait for your call on the golden face patch,” she bounced up and down on top of the throne platform with excitement. “I wanna see each decorative Pamburg princess room, too. No, I wanna claim one…two of the rooms for my own bedroom suites.”
Kung advanced down the short steps of the throne platform with his wife and flung a hand into the air, moving across the floor, following behind the rest of the adult female royals, the young, and older male royals. “Pio, you’re in charge of the young royal females, until I return,” he dropped the hand down near the shaft with a smile.
“Father? Father!” Nixie stomped a sandal with a sneer on top of the throne chair. “I am the new Imperatoress, here, right now, taking my mother’s place on the throne of the Confederation, my royal father.”
“No! You are too precious to me as my royal daughter, Nixie.” Kung moved ahead with a smile. “Pio, you take the oracle down to the dungeon, once all the river barges have successfully departed and we are on our way down to the Pamburg Kingdom. We might need the tiny oracle and his valuable information again for an unforeseen new emergency.”
Pio climbed down the steps and dashed ahead from the throne chair stopping and blocked the oracle from escaping out of the Assembly Hall, reaching down into the pocket of the cloak, grabbing a red colored nose patch, and slapped onto the side nostril with a whisper of words to each metalist that stood outside the Social Tower on the sands of the Kingdom of the Sand.
Jarl climbed down the steps of the throne platform of the Land without a tunic, exposing a naked chest with a chuckle, turning to face the throne platform of the Wind with a sneer and dashed half-way up the steps and stopped, leaning over and snatched the collar of the orange suit on Exmore with a growl. “Grab your shaft, boy! You are coming with us while we hunt down and kill all the sissy princes, Exmore.” Exmore growled at the dirty red tinted hand of Jarl on his new orange suit jacket, reaching down and snatched his shaft. Jarl twisted the wrist bone and pulled back, jerking Exmore from the chair and through the air with a snarl, “Now, Exmore!” Jarl spun around and landed Exmore beside his elbow with a chuckle. They moved ahead and followed behind the rest of the adult royals and the other male teens toward the open archway to adventure to the Pamburg Kingdom to kill all the princes and take over the kingdom.
Princess Pelf continued to stand on top of her individual throne platform in the ankle-length yellow dress and stared at a back spine of each royal adult and royal teen male as each one disappeared through one of the open archways to leave the Kingdom of the Sand and invade the helpless and clueless Pamburg princes. She reached down and tapped on the red colored arm patch, communicating the good wishes of her mother to all the nice hard working staff of the Sand servants to come and set up a row of tables with a set of steaming hot food and cold trays and numerous buckets of cold and hot beverages. The populous of the people didn’t need an eating plate or a cloth napkin to celebrate a party, since they used all ten naked finger pads, the mouth of stained yellow teeth, and a pair of two empty arms.
Nixie turned and paced back and forth on top of the throne chair with a series of huffs and puffs of annoyance that Pio was in charge of the Confederation while her parents were invading the Pamburg Kingdom for a silly battle of land grabbing. She wanted to join the hand of Modoc as the true Imperatoress of the confederation. Thus, she and Modoc would marry and then become the new king and queen of the entire continent that didn’t have a name. She whispered for her eardrums only with a smile, “The Nixie Lands. No, I don’t like that sound. The Nixieland. Nope! I don’t like that sound either. The Nixie Continent. Yeah, I like that name,” she nodded with a giggle. “Yes. I like that name. I will be the co-ruler with my future husband Modoc of the new Nixie Continent,” she sat back down inside the throne chair with boredom without the personal funny and cute entertainment of her guy Modoc or the other teen cute and hunky males, crossing both arms and legs as she wondered how long it would take to kill a set of sissy teen princes. She missed Modoc already and heard the stomping and heavy footpaths of the invaders coming up the staircase without a single table of food for the hunger throng of Fire metalists, Sun guards, and Lakes fisherwomen from each abandoned river barge. She was not a stupid upcoming Imperatoress as her devoted spies within the gang of Sand servants took numerous colored pictures of the large horde of eating and sleeping nasty people that lounged on top of the sands between the Delta waters and the Social Tower while waiting for something from one of the royal rulers. Her smart ass mother Haildrameme received a set of similar arm patch photographs while diplomatically offering shelter and food for the nasty people before there was a riot or a rebel among the gang inside the Social Tower.
Kamela sat inside the throne chair with a smile down at the green colored arm patch, communicating a signal for all the people of the Kingdom of the Snow to leave, fly, and come to the Kingdom of the Sand for a party celebration also. The populous of people at the Snow castle and surrounding homes were waiting for a different electronic signal with a shaft instead but that was not going to happen, maybe not ever.
Ovilla stood upright in the lavender short dress with a sour frown and tapped down on the purple colored arm patch trying to reach a few of the other leader natives of the Wind in frustration. All the idiots were probably drunk from the wine that grew on the plant vines and stoned from the weeds that grew wild in the forestland of the Wind, since it was the day of her dead sister’s funeral. The natives of the Wind were a bunch of emotional buttercup without a mental mind and a physical body when there was a feeling of grief, pain, sorrow, and death while enjoying a depressing day of mourning of the dead soul. So, all the Wind natives would be missing the upcoming party celebration here inside the Social Tower while celebrating the upcoming victory capture of the Pamburg Kingdom.
  Pio squatted down with a laugh and a smile, slapping each tiny cheekbone of the oracle for fun, reaching over and grabbed the tiny skinny arm of Orkey with a laugh, standing upright with Orkey and strolled toward the line of life-sized stone statues on the forward wall and stopped, lifting, and sat Orkey down on top of one of the wide hard stoned collar bone of the bigger male statue with a sneer. “Stay there for the time being! Or I will cut your tiny body into pieces of tiny bloody bits for the scorpions among the heated sands and ocean sharks on the watery shoreline. Do you understand my words!”
Orkey wiggled side to side on top of the hard surface with a smile. “Yes, my queen!”
She gasped with shock. “What does that mean to me?”
“You are in charge while Imperatoress Haildrameme is absent, are you not?”
“Yes, I am in charge.”
“Yes, my queen,” Orkey laughed with a smile.
“Be good! Stay right there! Or I will beat you black and blue and red,” Pio back stepped from the oracle with a stern face and side stepped, standing in front of the row of new statues, climbing onto the hard stone arms and collar bone, reaching out and retrieved the protruded shaft. She slowly stood upright with a wiggle and a giggle, slowly spinning around and balanced an individual boot heel on top of the two separate collar bones on the life-sized male statue, tossing both arms into the air. “Come inside everyone! Come in! We are going to have a party and celebrate something.” 
The three open archways filled with numerous smiling Fire metalists, Sun guards, and Lakes fisherwomen as Imperator Kung had retrieved all the docked river barges and all the men-folk for the battle with the princes of the Pamburg Kingdom.
Pelf looked up with a smile to see all the new faces coming through the archway and inside the Assembly Hall, climbing down the throne steps with a giggle, moving ahead, bumping into a set of numerous of pointy elbows and biceps and strolled toward one of the open archways, escaping the reign of nasty Pio. Pelf didn’t understand her father’s logic to assign Pio as a temporary Imperatoress for the morning, since the battle with the Pamburg princes would take a couple of hours, at most. The men of the Confederation were thoroughly trained in a shaft kill skill and death sessions, since birth.
However, Pio was kinder than Nixie. If Nixie was in charge, her older sister Pelf would be stuffed down into one of the life-sized statues foreverly without mercy or food or air or water.
Now, it was an opportunity for Pelf to leave the Assembly Hall and explore the inner guts of the mysterious dungeon space for fun and adventure while waiting for the return of her parents.



Kingdom of the Sun

Home of Princelet Zitgestum and his wife Princeletess Glay
   and first royal prince Vantrey, second royal prince Qcraft
     and dead third royal prince Zeebac

Dry and heated orange tinted soil and hot temperatures
Bright sunshine without clouds


In-between the thick tree trunks within the Kingdom of the Wind, each prince teen separately rode a body that was entwined around a new swinging vine, soaring through the air between the red tinted bark of the tall mature trees, reaching out and grabbed, jumping, and twisted a body on the next swinging vine in sweat and nervousness while fleeing away from the forest of burning trees.
In the short distance, the landscape changed from cool forest into a scene of flat and dry looking orange tinted soil.
Strawn led first on top of the sailing vine and then leaped up into the air, touching the last swinging vine, soaring over the last of the pink tinted leaves and entered ahead into the new landscape. The flight of the plant coated vine peaked through the air waves. Not desiring to sail backwards and return into the plumes of black smoke and the red fire inside the Kingdom of the Wind, he released the vine and leaped into the air, whirling a body side to side while falling toward the hard ground and hit on the side of the body with a loud moan. His body continued to roll over the hard dirt and finally stopped with a huff of annoyance. He stood upright with a loud groan and wiped the sweat and dirt from a sweaty face and some of the covered dirtier body parts with a set of heavy sighs. “I think we are clear from the massive destructed of burning trees.”
The second swinging vine from the forestland hit its peak in the air waves as Cumberrun released both hands and leaped a body away from the flying vine, forming into a roll of an impressive somersault, soaring through the air in a folded body and hit, flinging a rolled body over the dry soil with a set of loud grunt and then halted. He unfolded the limbs resting on a back spine with a loud groan. He slowly rolled over and stood upright with a sour frown, turning to see the burning trees within the Kingdom of the Wind. “I smell the burning forest. Why would the native burn the trees? The tree houses are their homes.”
Strawn stood in place and turned, scanning the new landscape with a stern face. “The burning is part of cleaning out the old rotten trees for the new fresh treelings that need sunshine and rest to grow tall and bit. That’s why the natives were dancing around in scream, some type of fire dance.
He frowned at the plume of smoke and fire stacks within the Kingdom of the Wind. “The natives had me fooled. It appeared like they were running away from the fires, not celebrating it.”
“We don’t care about the fires. We didn’t find Teath in there. So we continue our search before war breaks out between the Confederation and the Pamburg princes.” Strawn turned away from the rows of burning trees and moved ahead toward over a naked and dry land without a single tree or a single hut of shade with a sour frown.  Where are we?”
Cumberrun spun around from the rows of burning trees and slowly strolled ahead, reaching out and kicked the dry hard dirt with a smile, turning to scan the rest of the landscape, “Hmm! That is a stupid question, Prince Strawn. I can clearly see a terrain of land that is colored in dry orange sands or dirt or soil. Pick one of my fine descriptive nouns? And I also see the big wide and unlimited pretty blue skyline that is above my silly girly scarf that covers my wonderful amber tinted hair roots which covers all the landscape and then entire world, since I did ace my geography princely lesson. In the blue sky, the bright and heated sun rays are burning through the silk girly clothing and making me sweat like a hog that is roasting over an open fire pit which makes me hunger. I also see no lush green forest like the Kingdom of the Wind or a curvy yellow tinted swamp stream of low water that contains numerous hunger green colored gators like our home within the Pamburg Kingdom. Thus, I am strolling through the desert of orange with blistering hotness. And I don’t see one damn shade tree to piss on like a damn dog.”
“Pee on the dirt, Cumberlynn!”
Cumberrun exhaled with a huff of worry. “The night was pretty last night. I miss Pamburg.”
He moved ahead with Cumberrun through the dry and dusty soil, “Me, too.”
“My stomach is empty.”
“Mine, too.”
“What does Teath look like again?”
“Amber hair, skin, and eyeballs…”
In the blue sky, a silver tinted object flashed with bright light patterns coming from the bright sunrays showing off an assortment of big dull orange tinted rusty spots on each side of the flying airship and then it slowed its air speed and hovered in the air over the dirt. Cumberrun looked up to see the airship and shaded both eyeballs with a worried brow. “Does an airship carry a deadly weapon that could harm my princely person?” A small purple tinted lava coated f-bomb launched out from underneath the ugly rusty opening of the underbelly and then soared through the air, targeting down directly at the two princes.
“Yeah!” Strawn shuffled to the side with a grunt and slammed into Cumberrun as both bodies dropped down and fell over the hard dirt while creating a set of loud moans and a lovely pretty orange colored whirl of dust from the hard surface. The f-bomb hit down and exploded a several feet behind two pairs of boot heels. The airship slowly dropped down from the sky and gently settled on top of the orange colored soil.
Cumberrun looked up through the puff the orange dust with a sneer to see the grounded airship. “I don’t know here, but I think that we have company arriving with a tray of breakfast food this morning.”
Strawn looked up through the puff of orange dust with a gasp to see the grounded airship. “Who are they?”
He exhaled. “I don’t know who.” The exterior door hatch slid open. Cumberrun smiled. “Okay. They have landed in the ugliest airship in the world, at least in the world of the Confederation. So, they can’t be that too unfriendly. They are probably a set of elderly folks who are looking to meet and greet a pair of princes from the Pamburg Kingdom with the breakfast meal.”
Strawn sneered at the door of the airship without moving or standing upright from the dirt. “That is the second time that you have mentioned food. I would think that your princely life would be more important than a plate of food.” 
He stared at the open archway of the airship with a growl without moving or standing upright from the dirt also. “I’m hunger. I’m sweaty. I’m dirty. I’m pissed.”
Strawn stared at the open archway with a smile, “Me, too! A set of unfriendly folks will leave and get out of the grounded airship coming this way toward us to inspect our two dead pretend bodies. We stay down over the dry dirt, until they are really close. Then we jump upright and kill them without warning and mercy.”
He continued to lie still without moving with a snigger and a smile, “Uoo! I like that idea.”
Each native of the Kingdom of the Sun displayed an array of tattoos, since the age of four years old. The age of four years was selected as the controlling point for any misplaced ugly and rude behavior. Every time a young child had misbehaved, a tattoo was burned into the skin, starting with the bicep of the right arm. Some of the younger and the older male and female natives displayed an assortment of colorful tattoos, including both facial cheekbones, both arms, both sides of the chest cavity, the complete back spine, and both legs, including both feet.
Once the entire body had been adorned with an array of colorful tattoos for each misbehaving act, the native was declared a trouble maker and was finally released into the darkness for a final punishment of the last nasty deed.
The Kingdom of the Sun was not a nickname. The land terrain was colored in orange dry and heated desert which was burnt each day from the bright yellow and heated sunlight. The daytime air temperatures rose and then extended over the one hundred and twenty degrees. Thus, a native or a creature could survive during the daylight hours. At night, the air temperatures held a cooler one hundred and six degrees, allowing the native species to roam for food and companionship.
At the age of twelve, the native was released out into the harsh, dry, and deadly desert terrain during the Time of Maturity ritual. If the desert did not kill you, then you became an official native of the Kingdom of the Sun. If the desert killed you, then you became instant food for the only living wildlife, the beetles.
On the top of orange colored soil, the rusty and ancient looking airship didn’t lower a drop ramp down into the dirt for a sissy pair of fancy shoes. The first warrior stood inside the open archway and jumped down into the orange soil with a grunt, bending both kneecaps with a perfect landing, slowly standing upright with a growl to see the two dead invaders on the soil of the Kingdom of the Sun. The lead warrior wore a pair of light colored pants that were ripped and torn from activity duty with a naked chest, a long black colored ponytail in the rear of the skull, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of dark tinted skin. Her personal array of tattoos started at the throat neck and then expanded over the entire chest, moving all the way down to the top of the fit waistline and onto the back spine. She led the pathway toward Strawn and Cumberrun with a sneer.
A second and third warrior exited from the open archway of the airship and leaped into the air, landing one at a time on a set of bent kneecaps, slowly standing up with a sneer to see the two dead invaders also. Each warrior looked like the leader with an array of tattoos over the throat, the chest, both arms, and the back spine. They slowly moved together behind the lead warrior.
The lead warrior stopped and stood in front of the girly scarf of Strawn with a loud snarl.
On the ground, Cumberrun swiftly stood upright and pointed to each warrior with a laugh and a grin. “What the fuck are ya’ll? I can’t tell with my naked eyesight. Are you a group of guys without a set of tits or a group of gals, without a set of tits?”
The two other Sun warriors moved ahead and halted, forming a single row of three with the leader warrior, staring with a sneer at Cumberrun with a set of growls.
The leader of the warrior moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the skull of the grounded Strawn, leaning over and flung a tongue of mouth spit on top of the girly scarf with a sneer. “We are three scout warriors from the Kingdom of the Sun. You are two trespassers from the Kingdom of the Sun.”
Cumberrun continued to stand with a nod and a smile, jabbing a finger at each warrior. “O. The three warriors are males, without a set of tits. That makes sense to me now.”
Strawn slowly stood upright and wiped off the mouth spit, the face sweat, and orange tinted dirt from a face and some of the silk satin covered body parts with a sneer. “We are two terrified native refugees coming out from the Kingdom of the Wind. The forest is on fire. Don’t you smell the smoke, asswipe? Don’t you see the fires, dumbass?” He thumbed back over a collar bone at the burning trees.
He leaned over with a sour frown into the cheekbone of Strawn. “You are not winning a cute date to the dance party, tonight, sister dear,” Cumberrun stood upright with a laugh.
The leader warrior turned to face with horror and shock the burning forestland of the Kingdom of the Wind and then returned back, jabbing a finger at each prince with a sneer. “You, two trespassers have stared the forest fires.”
Strawn leaned over with a sneer into her chin, since he was slightly shorter than the Sun warrior, “No, bitch!”
Cumberrun pointed at the leader with a laugh and a grin. “It’s a bastard. I told you before, sister dear. They are three males, who are pretending to be three ugly ass girls. Hi there, three ugly persons in the entire world! You are my first transgender person,” he extended a hand with a smile and a nod.
Strawn reached over and slapped the extended arm of Cumberrun down to the ground and then over to touch the set of girly clothes with both naked hands. “We are from the Kingdom of the Wind. Do you not see my girly pretty silk scarf?”
The leader warrior reached over and ripped off the scarf from the skull of Strawn, drawing and examined the fabric with a sour frown, shaking a black colored ponytail. “This coloring and design is not familiar pattern within the Kingdom of the Wind.”
Cumberrun jabbed a finger at each Sun warrior with a laugh and a grin. “O. It is three bitches. Only a girl would recognize and identify a piece of colored material with a stupid design of something that I as a manly male couldn’t figure out with my life.”
“I will take your life,” the second Sun warrior sneered at Cumberrun.
The leader of the warrior growled at Strawn. “I am a female warrior.”
Cumberrun laughed. “O. I was wrong. They are three girls, who are pretending to be three males. So, they are three transgender males. Is that right, bitch?”
“Wrong!” The leader warrior frowned.
Strawn nodded with a smile at the leader of the three warriors. “Right, bitch! I am a male warrior, who is superior, stronger, tougher, and meaner than a gator.”
Within the single line of Sun guards, the middle warrior gasped in shock and jabbed a finger at the amber locks on Strawn. “Look at them! They both come from the Pamburg Kingdom. They are spies. They stared the fires. They are the enemies. They killed our kin.”
Strawn reached up and touched the cropped amber hair strands with a smile, “Damn! You just now figured that out. What give me away? Was it my amber curls or my amber eyeballs?” He laughed with a nod.
The third warrior leaned over with a sneer into the nose bridge of Cumberrun as they were of equal height with a set of nasty growls too. She snarled. “We kill them first. Then we wear a set of individual pretty amber curls over two of our skulls and take turns with our new hair pieces for amusingly fun and adventure.”
Cumberrun shook his shoulder length amber curls with a smile. “You know I don’t like that idea, transgender bastard. Do you like that idea, Strawn?”
Strawn reached down and whipped out his personal shaft, lifting it near a sneer. “Naw, I don’t. Let’s dance, transgender bitch!”
He exhaled with a huff of frustration and slapped the legs of the girly dress, “No! That’s not right, Strawn. Let’s dance, transgender bastards.” Cumberrun reached down and gathered the long skirt, lifting it into the air for show, exposing a dangling shaft near a leg. He reached over and grabbed the shaft, sliding a hand down toward the bigger tip of the rod lifting and twirling the rod side to side. The hunting knife flew out from a cupped hand of the second warrior sailing through the air waves and hit the twirling rod with a tiny ping. Then, the hunting knife dropped down, landing onto the soil in front of the boot toe of the prince as the warrior gasped in alarm. Cumberrun sneered. “Try again, transgender doll or transgender dude! I am so confused,” he dashed ahead and whipped the shaft side to side between a set of two biceps with a growl, slamming the rod into with her shaft with a loud ting and a bit of red spark of metal. He back stepped and released her shaft, lifting upright his shaft and then blocked her strokes of rod against a face with a chuckle, shoving the warrior backwards with a grin. He reached up and punched a folded fist with a loud grunt while wiping the smirk right off the face of warrior.
The warrior back stepped from Cumberrun with a loud hiss and reached up, holding the developing bruise on the cheekbone. Cumberrun lowered the shaft and reached down, pressing the hidden button. A set of protruded tiny sharp blades appeared within the smooth rod. He reared back an arm and thrust forward with the shaft, stabbing the sharp blade on the smaller tip into the guts of the warrior, swiftly jerking out the blade that was coated in red bloody and pink tissue of guts. Then, the third warrior stumbled backward with a loud gasp and continued to slowly move away from Cumberrun, dropping down to die on top of the orange soil.
The second warrior lifted the shaft over a skull of black hair and ran forward with a yell at Cumberrun.
The lead warrior reached out and shoved the chest of Strawn with both hands. He stumbled backward in shock without falling over the dirt. She reached down and whipped up the shaft, slicing the air waves side to side, moving ahead with a sneer toward Strawn. He swung the shaft side to side while blocking her movements, slowly back stepping from the mighty thrusts of the leader warrior. He swung the shaft and blocked her strikes coming side to side in sweat from the two sets of bicep workout with the taller and stronger leader warrior with a set of heavy grunts.
Strawn lifted and flipped the rod into a backward horizontal whirl over the hair roots with a sneer, pressing the button. A set of hidden and expanded tiny blades protruded from the center of the rod. He twirled the bigger tip of the rod over his amber tinted hair roots with a smirk and released the rod. The rod twisted sideways over the air waves and veered over the top of black hair roots of the leader warrior, landing down into the orange soil behind her back spine.
The Sun warrior leaned back with a loud roar of laugh and held the stomach muscles from the silly fight of the sissy Pamburg prince. The warrior wasn’t stupid recognizing the unique Pamburg skin and hair on the new invader into the Kingdom of the Sun.
Strawn gasped with fear and was naked without a shaft, slowly back stepping from the leader warrior, turning to scan the dirt for a new weapon and then tripped over the torn and ripped girly long skirt, landing on a back spine with a loud grunt of fear.
Cumberrun advanced toward the second warrior and whipped the shaft with a set of protruded blades inside the rod going from the right side, over the hair roots, and down to the left side of his body with a sneer.
The leader warrior continued to laugh with a mouth drool at the silly and shorter Pamburg prince.
The second warrior lifted the shaft over a skull of black hair and ran forward with a yell and a sneer at Cumberrun.
Cumberrun continued to advance toward the second warrior while whipping the shaft with a set of protruded blades inside the rod, going from the right side, over the hair roots, and down to the left side of his body with a sneer. He lifted the shaft from the left side, over the amber hair roots, and then swiftly side stepped toward the leader warrior, slamming the rod with the exposed tiny sharp blades back down into the arched neck of the leader warrior. The rod penetrated in the delicate flesh with ease.
The leader warrior swiftly dropped down and fell on top of the orange dirt with a set of loud gags and gurgles of air loss.
Cumberrun lifted the shaft and dropped down, slamming the rod of blades onto the black colored hair roots of the second warrior. The second warrior tumbled forward and dropped down, landing a face down onto the top of the orange soil while slowly blooding over the soil and dying in the bright sunshine. He lifted up his shaft and slammed the weapon back down beating the grounded body on the second warrior over and over again, until the third warrior finally breathed out his last breath into death. Cumberrun swiftly stood upright from the dead body with a chuckle and wiped off the fresh blood from a face and an arm. “I got three dead. How many died for you, prince?”
Strawn stood upright from the orange soil and wiped off the fresh blood and the orange dirt with a sour frown. “Shut it Cumberlynn!”
He continued to stand and scan the dirt with a frown. “Well, our enemy is dead. But, we still don’t have food or water or princess. What now, brother?”
Strawn turned and pointed at the rows of burning trees with a frown. “We should return back to the Kingdom of the Wind for food.”
He turned to face the row of smoke and fire with a sour frown, “Naw! It is burning up with fires and flames and smoke. Let’s go to the south with the pretty blue sky and the yellow bolts of lighting and eat some fresh seafood. I love seafood. I’m craving lots of salt,” Cumberrun spun around and pointed at the airship with a smile.
They dashed ahead with a set of hoots and yells of victory, running ahead and leaped onto the open archway of the ground rusty airship.
Inside the airship, “Shit!” Cumberrun lifted and held the nostrils, moving ahead through the cockpit. “There’s no food here. Fuck! There is a smell of dead rats or stored shit turds. They must pookie and dookie in here in the wall corners.”
Starwn followed behind the ass of Cumberrun, sliding down into the pilot seat. “It is an escape from the heat of desert and the fires of the forest. We fly this thing away from the bloody numerous body parts, before we are discovered for murder, torment, and torture.”
“Yes, sire!” Cumberrun slid down into the co-pilot chair with a smile.
He reached out and scanned the flat control panel with both hands while activating the engines with a smile. “I was impressed with the strength and agility of the three guards of the Sun. Each one possessed a shaft.” The engines roared into power. The front screen showed the outside features of a blue skyline, a row of yellow lightning streaks, the plumes of black smoke, and the flames of yellow fire. The airship lifted from the ground soil into the blue sky.
Cumberrun smiled “O. You figured it out. They were three males.”
He rotated both hands over the control panel and steered the airship through the sky with a smile. “No. They were three females.”
“Girls don’t have a shaft, even if they appear as a transgender male, Strawn. Did I say that right? Isn’t that right?” 
“I was talking about the metal shaft.”
Cumberrun lifted up and down the shaft into the air in front of a smile. “Males don’t have a metal dick, either. Geez! You need to spy on one of more of your naked princely brothers more often. No male has a metal dick. I bet that would really hurt when you piss and fuck a pussy.”
“I was talking about the metal weapon in a hand which is called a shaft.”
“O. I know that. I have one, a flesh shaft for fucking girls and a metal shaft for killing enemies. The sky is filled with tons of ugly airships. I think we hit traffic hour, sire. Where are we going to land next, Strawn?”
Strawn stared at the viewer window with a smile. “The three warriors of the Sun did not find Teath. Else, they would have immediately recognized us, before their untimely deaths. This is very good news. Teath is still alive. And she didn’t go into the Kingdom of the Sun. So, she must be inside the Kingdom of the Sand.”
Cumberrun frowned. “There seems to be a party happening inside the Kingdom of the Sand.”
He nodded with a smile. “So, they might have found Teath which would make it easy for us to rescue her.”
“Ease for us? We will have to fight an entire kingdom.”
“That is no problem for a Pamburg king!”
He exhaled. “I’m glad that you wanna be king and then die. I wanna be a lowly squat and live forever.”
Strawn nodded with a smile, “Yeah! Let’s find Teath and get outta of here!” The rusty and beaten airship slowly flew with the rest of the other rusty and beaten up airships toward the Kingdom of the Sand.


Delta smooth light blue waters
Hot temperatures and parted clouds of sunshine
   and four miles-per-hour northern winds

Fleet of royal river barges from the Kingdom of the Lakes


A decorative line of seven river barges which had lounged along the shoreline by the Kingdom of the Lakes sailed away from the Kingdom of the Sand and swiftly steered up the north direction over the calm Delta waters while looking for trouble to start and end a war with Pamburg Kingdom.
The baby blue tinted Delta waters were owned by a group of citizens which were called the River Rats. The River Rats consisted of a collection of unknown number of men, women, and children. They wore a hat that was made of an extra-large gator skull of beige colored bones which blocked out the harsh sunlight from the sky over a pair of sensitive eyeballs. They painted a set of crushed up dead skin and bones of sea creatures which sparked in white colors over the external skin. This morning, not one fast boat of the River Rat sailed over the Delta water for an immediate action with one of the seven river barges that veered toward the gates of the Pamburg Kingdom.
On the external deck of each river barge, rows of brave young and old male citizens specifically from the Kingdom of the Sun and the Kingdom of the Lakes within the Confederation stood ready with a shaft in the bright morning sunlight to invade the mysterious lands of the Pamburg Kingdom. 
Inside the first river barge that was decorated with a dragon head of purple tint with a set of red eyeballs, and a pair of yellow fangs, the interior steering cabin was a long rectangular room with a set of side open windows, a rear open archway without a set of doors. The forward wall was hidden behind the dragon face with a series of vertical and horizontal slots to see the water, the sky, and the sandy sides of the shoreline for steering the barge over the water and not into the wetter bank. The room was filled with the captain of the boat and all the royals that from every different kingdom which made of the Confederation. Each royal stood around a map table in the rear of the cabin room around a holographic image that came from the arm patch of Kung which displayed the entire continent for all eyeballs. 
Imperator Kung stood beside his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme in front of the map table. His two daughters first royal Princess Pelf and second royal Princess Nixie were not allowed to fight but ordered to amuse the populous of the people at the Kingdom of the Sand while the adult and male teen royals wrapped up the brief and bloody battle with the Pamburg princes. Then, Kung would rule the entire continent. He would like his first daughter Pelf to rule at the Kingdom of the Sand with her upcoming new husband Modoc. Then his second daughter Nixie would marry Jarl and rule over the Kingdom of the Land. Kung pointed down at the map with a finger on the other hand and a stern face, parting the lips to speak.
The royal couple from the Kingdom of the Sun, Princelet Zitgestum stood beside his wife Princeletess Glay at the side of the map table which was next to Haildrameme. Their two surviving royal children, Qcraft and Vantrey leaned against the side wall, wearing a naked chest while feeling the cool breeze and the hot morning sun on a naked back spine through the open window. Their third son Zeebac had been murdered last night by a hidden and mysterious Pamburg spy who would eventually be found, tortured, and finally slowly killed by the shaft of his mother Glay.
The royal couple from the Kingdom of the Wind, Marquee Jennessee wiggled side to side in anticipation of the bloody battle with the Pamburg princes in front of her tall husband tall and obese Marquise Fallacious at the side of the map table between the Kingdom of the Land and the Kingdom of the Snow. Their son Exmore stood alone and quiet inside the dark and cold wall corner of shiny steel and away from the two smelly and brutal teen royal males from the Kingdom of the Snow. The other teen royal males were famous for brutality and meanness with shit and giggles, turning to launch a tongue of mouth spit of disgusting salvia at Exmore which didn’t bother to touch the new orange colored suit on the Wind royal. His sister Ovilla was not allowed to participate in the bloody war with the princes while at the Kingdom of the Sand entertaining the populous of the people for fun and giggles.
The royal couple from the Kingdom of the Land, Duchess Torgeezus stood beside her husband Duke Allakon on the side of the map table between Kung and the royal couple of the Wind. Their three royal sons Modoc, Altus, and Jarl stood in a row on the opposite side next to Vantrey and his brother Qcraft.
Altus and Jarl elbowed each other with a set of silly grins and soft chuckles, continuing to wear an exposed naked chest, when each young teen had tossed off the shirt in defiance of the order of Kung inside the Assembly Hall.
Modoc had not removed the green colored tunic vest like the other royals and stood beside his good friend Vantrey, leaning over with a soft whisper and a smile to discuss the desires of ruling the Pamburg Kingdom after the slaughter of the sissy princes.
The royal couple of the Kingdom of the Snow Queen Ylangling stood next to her husband King Amoywane on the opposite end of the map table and leaned into each other face while staring with a smile at the Pamburg map. Their two royal sons Datto and Lorchess stood on the side wall in front of the open window and wore a naked chest, jabbing a shaft in the direction of poor sissy Prince Exmore along with numerous tongue spits of salvia for shit and giggles.
The royal couple of the Kingdom of the Lakes, Countess Zorachina and her husband Count Quinastine stood together on the side of the map table between Vetepurr and the royal couple of the Snow. Their two sons Ferron and Gunnison wore a naked chest and stood in-between the river barge captain while reaching out, trying to press one of the numerous shiny buttons on the boat console as the captain slammed a naked hand away from the control panel with a curse. Each brother reached out with a different hand and tried to touch a new shiny lever with a laugh.
In front of the map table and the back spine of the captain, Kung stared down with a smile at the map. “No one actually knows the day to day operations within Pamburg. Thus, the entire kingdom is a mystery and a fascination of day dreams with every royal and every person within the Confederation territory, including me. However, the rumor of the Pamburg medical and science technology is beyond sophistication. The entire kingdom is guarded by a set of two crystal panels that created a tall and long fence with a set of two gates, where no person is allowed entrance. The military boasts the best archers, shooters, and airship pilots to ensure no entrance also, so the rumor goes. Thus, there has never been a civil war with Pamburg and the Confederation for any reason, because of the secret Pamburg science which allows each female royal to conceive a baby royal, without spilling blood or guts.”
Vetepurr stared down and memorized the colorful holographic landscape of the Pamburg Kingdom with a sneer. “I don’t want a holographic tour. What is the battle plan, Kung?”
Kung frowned down at the map. “We all must first understand the landscape to accurate position all of our limited battle warriors for the fight. I wished that we could have summoned all the killing soldiers.”
Jennessee frowned down at the map. “We do not possess a field of killing soldiers, Kung.”
Allakon looked up from the map table and stared out the window at the calm waters with a puzzled brow. “Where are all the River Rat speed boats? Usually, a fleet of pesky pests are patrolling the waters and chasing my tail when I fly over the Delta waters inside an airship for a delivery of a food shipment,” he returned back to see each royal with a confused brow.
Amoywane looked up from the map table and turned to stare at Allakon with a wink and a laugh. “The River Rats went the food shipment wagons, not your ass, Allakon.”
Kung jabbed a finger and sour frown down at the map. “Here…” 
Baron Vetepurr of the Kingdom of the Fire did not have a biological son but numerous biological daughters who could not fight against the Pamburg princes, since it would have been completely unfair for a royal princess to defeat and then kill a royal prince. Vetepurr stared down with a smile at the hologram map of Pamburg Kingdom which was incomplete and based on the ancient rumor of each dead imperator. “I took care of them.”
Amoywane turned with a gasp to see the bald head of Vetepurr. “You take out the fleet of River Rat fast speed boats. How did you do that? That was very bold and brave, Vetepurr.”
Vetepurr continued to stare down with a smile at the hologram map of Pamburg Kingdom while calculating where to kill each Confederation royal, so he could become the next king of the Pamburg Kingdom. “Yes, I am both bold and brave. Now, the plan…”
“I am leader here.” Kung pointed down with a stern face at the holographic map. “The mysterious and mighty Pamburg Kingdom houses a great army with a set of well-trained soldiers, a fleet of flying airships, and a mass of slaves that wait hand and foot on each royal of Pamburg. The entire lands are cut off by a set of crystal gates and a continuous crystal fence on the northeastern side of the kingdom. Around the rest of the kingdom lands, there is a range of tall woodland mountains. No other king or warrior has ever tried to invade and conquer the Pamburg Kingdom. So, we will be the first and only invaders of the Pamburg Kingdom. Then, we will rule the entire continent.”
Zorachina looked up with a puff of confusion to see each royal. “Why are we invading the Pamburg Kingdom? The Confederation was composed of numerous kingdoms that had lived in peace and prosperity for centuries, living and working together through the Royal Academy, mostly.
Allakon looked down with a worried brow at the map. “The Confederation lands are very limited. The confederation citizens are multiplying and expanding too rapidly. The Confederation had not seen a war for eons which could have acquired a set of new natives and an assortment of new landmass.
Vetepurr stared down at the holographic landscape of the Pamburg Kingdom with a sneer. “What is the battle plan, Kung?”
Zitgestum smiled down at the map. “I can’t believe that we are really going to war. Glay had predicted this day for years.”
“Why would Glay had planned and predicted a day of war with the Pamburg Kingdom?” Ylangling looked up with a sour frown to see the black hair roots of Glay.
Torgeezus smiled down at the map. “We are all equal in rule within the Confederation.”
Fallacious smiled down at the map. “No. We are preventing a war. If the oracle words are true, then we will win the war very swiftly.”
Vetepurr stared down at the holographic landscape of the Pamburg Kingdom with a sneer. “What is the battle plan, Kung? The river barge is getting closer to the pair of glittering crystal made entrance gates of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
Kung jabbed a finger and a smile down at the map. “To the south, the Great Ocean stretches out for miles and miles beyond a pair of naked eyeballs toward the next unknown continent. To the west and beyond the fresh water river, the Great Mountain range soars up and down over the land for miles and miles into a new continent also. To the east, there stood the Freelands, a set of independent landmass with a set of mysterious natives. Over the years, the Confederation has traded goods and services with the Freelands but never has desired to conquer the stupid and poor natives for any reason. To the north, the Pamburg Kingdom stands all alone beside the sparkling light blue colored Delta waters. The Delta water is a long and wide salt river that divides the numerous kingdoms of the Confederation in half. The northern end of the Delta water stretches for miles and miles over flat and fertile landscape and then eventually into the next shoreline of a new continent. Thus, the Confederation is lodged and locked between the two Great Oceans, the two Great Mountain ranges, and the great Pamburg Kingdom.
Vetepurr stared down at the holographic landscape of the Pamburg Kingdom with a sneer. “I can see the landscape features clearly. What is the battle plan, Kung?”
Kung pointed at the short mounting. “Here! The shortest mountain in the Pamburg Kingdom houses a placid lake and a majestic dome, where the king and queen live who watch over each precious daughter.”
Quinastine gasped down at the map. “The queen and the king are still alive. They will see our parade of river barges. They will summon their fleet of boats to destroy us first.”
Fallacious smiled down at the map. “No. If the oracle words are true and all the princesses are dead, then the queen and the king will seek refuge inside the Prince House to guard and save each prince, before there is a war.”
Glay clapped with a smile. “I wanna kill the king of Pamburg.”
Ylangling smiled down at the map. “I do.”
“I will do it with my shaft.” Quinastine laughed.
“Shush, all royals!” Kung exhaled. “We must understand the war plan. The shortest mountain in the Pamburg Kingdom houses a placid lake and a majestic dome, where the king and queen live who watch over each precious daughter. The lake waters slowly and calmly flowed down one side of the short mountain into a set of sixteen sparkling mini-rivers. Between each placid mini-river, a princess dome is built which total fourteen. On the outer edges of the two mini-rivers, there is not a dome structure. Thus, the king and the queen of Pamburg always birth fourteen princesses that represent the strength and the survival of the Pamburg. Below the shortest mountain and the surrounding grounds, the flat ground land consists of individual sections of wet and deep swamps and small narrow deep stream that hold the true natives of wild white colored gators and yellow colored snakes that are too wild and too violent for a vicious viper much less a royal princess. The mountain castle base on the northern side provides a flat surface of solid yellow dirt which held a small fleet of metal copper tinted airships. The airships are used to travel back and forth into the various villages of the kingdom…”
Allakon gasped down at the map. “The king will use his fleet of flying airships to fight with us above the sky and on the water. We must send out for our fleet of airships also. I will contact my overseer to fill the skies with…”
“No!” Kung frowned down at the map. “The airships are not manned by a princess. A royal princess is pampered and spoiled. Only a prince or a squire uses the airship. We are here on a diplomatic mission, royals.”
Fallacious smiled down at the map. “Kung is correct. We are here only to investigate the rumor of the dead princesses. We must first establish that each one is dead first. Then, we can attack and kill, capturing an entire nation for our abuse and use.”
Zitgestum frowned down at the map. “The Pamburg Kingdom houses natives like the Confederation. What about the natives, who whip a mean shift in defiance of capture or kill, Kung? I would be defiance and defeat my person, my family, and my nation against a set of invaders also.”
Kung pointed down at the map. “Within the Pamburg Kingdom, each village holds a set of the natives that work a specific job and a specific product for the growth of the lands and continence of a self-sustained kingdom. The Pamburg Kingdom is unique funny shape plot of land. The shortest mountain stands in front of a body of water that is called the Delta. The Delta waters feed the numerous wet swamps. A circular avenue of individual wet swamps and alternating dry pockets of yellow land encircle the shortest mountain for miles and miles until the edge of the swamp and pocket of land slams into the foot toe of a range of high mountains. The mountain range is steep and high in brown color with numerous green lush woodlands that provides food and shelter for the natural wild animals, cutting back toward the northern plain. At the edge of the mountain foot, there is an array of flat fertile land of red colored soil for food crops. In front of the rows and the rows of food crops, there are scattered set of individual villages that house all the natives. The natives are too busy with a daily work life and will not pay attention to the conquest, conquer, and control of the mountain castle. I am not worried about the natives, only the princes. Each sister princess had never visited a village or a mountain peak or a wet swamp, thus no native has never seen a Pamburg princess…”
Torgeezus looked up with a smile to see each royal. “Except, all the royals of the Pamburg Kingdom are colored in amber colored hair roots, amber tinted skin, and a pair of amber tinted eyeballs. Thus, a native would recognize any prince or princess immediately. I do not believe that any royal here possesses those particular features here inside this room,” she laughed with the other royals. 
Kung looked up and cleared a throat to see each royal. “Each sister princess was housed and trained to become a princess within confides of the mountain palace until the official Princess Walk.”
Jennessee looked up with a confused brow around each royal. “What is the Princess Walk?”
Haildrameme looked up with a smile to see each royal. “It is a royal ritual where the princess is selected to become the new queen.”
Jennessee frowned. “So, the Princess Walk has been cancelled, since the oracle said that all princesses are dead.”
Haildrameme nodded. “I suspect so.”
Kung cleared a throat with a smile. “The war plan is to find and locate all the dead princesses.”
Glay frowned. “That is a very difficult task.”
Kung shook a skull. “No! It is a very easy task. I know where the dead princesses are located.  Look down at the holographic map! The dancing hall, the eating hall, and the entertainment hall, these are composed of one big and gigantic single space that has been chiseled out within the northern side of the mountain and it is located on the opposite side of the sixteen mini-waterfalls. The gigantic space was cut deep inside the mountain cove and away from the harsh sunlight, providing coolness during the daylight hours and warmth during the nighttime. It is directly underneath the mountain lake and below the edge of the cliff, where the kingly dome of the royal parents stands. It is called the princess throne room.”
Allakon laughed with a nod to each royal. “The princess throne room, that’s make perfect sense.”
Kung smiled with a nod to each royal. “The princess throne room is located on the second tier of the mountain side facing the north, overlooking the flat yellow soil and the row of airships. It is a limestone colored cave room of purple hue that had been hollowed out by acid rain water eons ago. Haildrameme, you and the other queens will climb up a set of external steps and land onto the second floor. There, you will find the all the dead princesses. There are fourteen bodies. So, you need to be very certain to count up to the math number of fourteen. Then, you will contact the kings via the face patch. Then, the kings will kill the remaining squire escort that will be here on the river barge. Then, all our brave and bold soldiers will invade and kill all the princes inside the Prince House along with the king and the queen. Then finally, the kings will join you and the other queens. We will terrorize the natives after killing off each prince. Then, we will become the true heirs of Pamburg Kingdom. Thus, the new kings and queens will finally take our rightly place in ancient history and rule the entire continent. The end!” All the other royals clapped with a set of loud cheers and whistles.  Then the steering room inside the first barge went silence.
Amoywane turned and frowned at the imperator. “How do you know of all this information, Kung?”
Kung looked down with a smirk at the holographic map on top of the table. “Over the years, each dead imperator had observed and came back home and then wrote down all the freshly eyeball observations. Over time, a complete map of the Pamburg Kingdom has emerged into an array of living colors. This is the plan. This is our war.”



Pamburg Kingdom

Home of dead King Conic and his wife dead Queen Shemerry
   and thirteen dead princesses
     and single live and breathing Princess Teath

Warm temperatures and windy with bright sunshine

Prince House location
Second floor level
Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-Six apartment setting


On top of the bed, Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-Six continued to stretch out over the messy bedcover inside his private apartment on the lower floor of the Prince House, where all the other squires lived too. He continued to tap onto the metal screen of each arm patch on both an upper and lower pair of naked arms with a sour frown, studying each prince and princess digital photograph on each screen with a soft whisper. “I have seen all this before. Nothing has changed. Nothing is new. What am I missing?” He laughed. “That’s too easy. It is one unique characteristic that comes only from the first Pamburg King. Think! Arm patch one, show me all…” He exhaled with a sour frown. “Maybe, if I look a group of princes and princesses with only one common characteristic, then I can eliminate all the ones that I do not share. I know that I am the direct descendant of the first Pamburg King, since the beginning of the Pamburg Kingdom. I know because I feel it and I care the most about this matter among all the squires. Arm patch one, show me one unique characteristic that is shared by all princes or princesses here inside my database.” Arm patch one twinkled in colored lights and then produced a single digit photograph with a row of people on the metal screen. He laughed with a smile. “What is this, arm patch number one?”
The voice on the arm patch number one on top of his naked upper forearm droned for all eardrums. “The photograph is one unique characteristic that is shared by all princes or princesses here inside my database.”
He smiled down at the new digital picture. “I have seen each smiling face before. Pamburg Squire Number Forty-Six, Prince Octon, and Princess Beebelle all possess the same set of dumbo earlobes which could fly them to the moon and back down here on the planet,” laughing. “But who is the last person in the pic, arm patch number one? I don’t recognize the young teen male.”
“The young teen male is Prince Jarl, who resides in the Kingdom of the Land.”
He frowned down at the arm patch. “O. I had asked for all the princes and princesses in the land. Arm patch two, show me more of the princes and princess of the Confederation nations?” Arm patch number two flashed with an array of colored lines and then cleared, displaying a row of people. “Place a name above the hair roots of each male or female!” The metal screen illuminated in the color of red with the name over each set of hair roots in the digital picture. “Prince Vantrey from the Kingdom of the Sun looks like his mother. She is a tall and big woman with tone of dark tinted skin and a pair of big eyeballs,” he laughed with a nod. “I sound like a gossiping old Pamburg lady. Vantrey is the first royal prince son of Glay. His biological mother was the leader and the princeletess of the Kingdom of the Sun. The land is one big ball of heat. It is dry and harsh and heated from the bright sun, without any rainfall. Each year, more babies died within the hot heat. Each year, more teens perished from the Time of the Maturity ritual. Each year, more guards moved and lived within the other kingdoms, abandoning their home land and their dreams. Blab. Blab. Blab.”
He continued to tap through each group photograph with a smile. “The Kingdom of the Land consists of red dirt and rows of crop fields. Ah! It is a great big farm which is the home of Duke Allakon and Duchess Torgeezus. Duchess Torgeezus looks like all her royal sons Modoc, Jarl, and whoever,” he continued to tap through each group digital picture with a smile. “First royal princess Ovilla from the Kingdom of the Wind has a set of ugly buck teeth. That girl never opens her mouth for a colored photography,” laughing. 
“The Kingdom of the Fire is set of underground metal pits. Baron Vetepurr looks like his first and second and third daughter princesses. A miner of metal is called a metalist. That’s make sense, sorta. All the females that come from the Kingdom of the Fire are very scary looking with a pair of silver tinted half-arms, a dark long cloak, and a slowly bald head of scattered hair strands. Those females must carry a very bad body disease,” he continued to tap through the digital pictures with a stern face. “The entire royal family that comes from the Kingdom of the Lakes has a tone of pink tinted skin. Prince Ferron is a brute of a young teen. He is tall with that pinky-pink skin like his mom. I bet no one teases him about his pink-pinky skin color,” he continued to tap on the metal screen to the next digital picture. “Ylangling, she is the queen of Kingdom of the Snow and possesses a tone of peachy skin tint, a pair of green eyes, and a head of black hair and lives in a ball of ice cold snow, a snow ball,” he laughed.
“Princess Pelf is a tall and slender teenage girl with a head of long white colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, a tone of yellow tinted skin, and an ugly crooked nose. She is the first royal princess lives and rules in the Kingdom of the Sand. The Kingdom of Sand is one big sand box. Got it! Her mom Imperatoress Haildrameme is tall and slender with a head of blonde hair, a tone of yellow skin, a pair of violet eyeballs and an ugly crooked nose. Her sister Princess Nixie is very, very popular. Her photographs are scattered everywhere throughout the personal databases of each royal within the Confederation. She must be in the running for the imperatoress of the Confederation. Every male has a picture of her inside an arm patch too. She is a pretty girl. Her sister Princess Pelf is tall like her mom Imperatoress Haildrameme while her sister Princess Nixie is short like a rojo bird that lives here near the bottom of the mountain castle. Tell me about all the marriage lines of each royal within the Confederation, arm patch three!”
“The current digital photograph shows the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand, who will become the new imperatoress with a life of luxury and riches for next several decades.”
He snorted with a grin. “Yeah, I like the sound of rich and luxury life too. There is not land of riches here within the Pamburg Kingdom. Why is not each sister tall like their biological mother, arm patch three? That doesn’t make any sense to me. All of them have a head of white colored hair, and a tone of yellow tinted skin.”
The voice on the arm patch number three on top of his naked lower forearm droned for all eardrums. “The difference is height of each organism is based on the concept of genetics.”
He frowned down at the group digital picture on the arm patch. “Why is the concept of genetics important here?”
“Within one of the two biological princess sisters, the DNA string was not the same.”
He frowned down at the group photograph. “What does that mean, arm patch three?” 
“A good example of sharing a DNA string is the shared crooked nose of the Imperatoress Haildrameme that was passed down to each daughter. This is called a dominant trait.”
“What does that mean, arm patch three? What is a dominant trait?”
“In the discipline field of genetics, a dominant trait will appear in the offspring when one of the biological parents contributes a unique DNA gene.”
He clicked on the metal screen backwards to see the previous digital photograph with a puzzled brow. “O. I understand now. Princelet Zitgestum and his wife Princeletess Glay had a set of skin tattoos all over each naked body part. Arm patch number one, is a tattoo also a dominate trait?”
“No.”
“O. What is a tattoo?”
“It is a body method of burning or inking a permanent substance on the exterior skin tissue which is not removed ever.”
“Okay. That hurts!” He continued to tap backwards on the arm patch to one of the previous digital photographs with a puzzled brow. “Princess Pio comes from the Kingdom of the Fire. She looks like a monster. What is wrong with her?”
“Her skin is scarred from the heated sparks coming out from an underground fire pit. Both lower arms are stained from touching the cold flames, where the lower arms protrude down and out from the jacket sleeves at the elbows, where the cold flames cover all the forearms and the hand of fingers in a tint of dull silver. Her hair has been sizzled into a balding skull from the fire pit also.”
“Is that a good example of a dominant trait that comes from one parent which makes up a unique DNA gene of scarred skin and a bald head of hair and the tinted forearms and hands?”
“No. She is worker inside the fiery underground pits.”
“Okay. I still don’t gasp the concept of genetics and a dominate trait. Gimme a common and shorten list of common dominant traits that is shared with all the princes and princesses of the continent!”
The voice on the arm patch number three on top of his naked lower forearm droned for all eardrums. “A limited list of dominate traits includes a face and a body of freckles. A freckle is a small, concentrated spot of skin pigmentation which is called melanin, where most fair skinned and red haired people possess the genetic trait. The freckle will appear and will number in variety which is controlled by two separate genes. A…”
“Stop!” He frowned. “Okay. I am getting a swift education. Gimme a common and shorten list of common dominant trait which controlled by one gene with all the princes and princesses of the continent!”
The voice on the arm patch number three on top of his naked lower forearm droned for all eardrums. “A limited list of dominate traits which is controlled by one gene includes a single forelock patch of white or dark hair which is located at the hairline on the face. A set of dimples is a pair of natural dents in the face to the right or the left of the mouth. A hitchhiker’s thumb, the thumb is slightly bent at the knuckle bone. A widow’s peak is a point at the center of the forehead. A…”
“Stop!” He frowned. “Okay. I am still getting educated. Gimme a common and shorten name of each common dominant trait which controlled by one gene with all the princes and princesses of the continent!”
The voice on the arm patch number three on top of his naked lower forearm droned for all eardrums. “A remaining limited name of each dominate trait which is controlled by one gene includes left or right handedness, hair follicles, height, hair color, skin color, eye color, buck teeth, crooked nose, detached earlobes, weight, intelligence, a cleft chin, a long second toe, a straight pinky finger, a crooked pinky finger, a…”
“Stop!” He exhaled with a sour frown and tapped through the digital pictures, stopping on the photography. “Yeah! Yeah! I had seen and see a number of those particular dominant traits like that which is currently shared with each Pamburg prince, and princess, and squire. I am on the right pathway. I am seeing a set of dumbo earlobes on a set of numerous royals. The arm patch did not mention a set of dumbo earlobes. How did each male and female catch a pair of silly-looking earlobes? It looks like each upper earlobe could flap up and down and then take flight into the skyline, flying like an airship. Can a pair of dumb looking earlobes fly through the air waves, arm patch one?”
The voice of the arm patch number three on top of his lower forearm droned for all eardrums. “Actually, a pair of wiggling earlobes is a dominant trait on an organism.”
He laughed. “How is a pair of wiggling earlobes on the prince a dominant trait?”
“A dominant trait is a genetic feature of an organism.”
“How is that particular genetic trait of a pair of flapping dumbo earlobes on an organism spread by a virus, a disease, a single germ, or a piece of nasty bacterium?”
The voice of the arm patch number three on his lower forearm droned for all eardrums. “A set of ugly earlobes is a genetic trait. The field of genetics is the science of heredity and variety in a single living organism, such like, a common physical trait of hair color, a leaf shape, or the height size. A genetic trait is inherited through a set of genes that come from one parent which was usually controlled by one single gene.”
He gasped. “What? I am still confused,” he tapped backwards on the metal screen back to the previous digital picture. “I am looking at the group pic of a crooked nose which is shared by a set of unknown princes and princesses. Okay. Analyze each crooked nose on each prince and princess!”
“The crooked nose formation is a perfect match on each prince and princess.”
He gasped. “How can that particular crooked nose be labeled as a perfect match on each prince and princess, who do not live in the same location, arm patch number three? That doesn’t make any sense. How is possible for Princess Pelf, her mom Imperatoress Haildrameme, her sister Princess Nixie, Pamburg prince Gasper, Pamburg princess Gotterina, and Pamburg squire Number Thirty-two share the same crooked nose?”
The voice of the arm patch number three on his lower forearm droned for all eardrums. “The answer is a shared DNA string. DNA is the building blocks of each life form. The nose structure is a good example of a dominant trait where the recognized genetic inheritance nose formation includes one of the following, such like, a straight nose, a turned up nose, a crooked nose, a hook nose, a…”
“Stop!” He frowned. “That is impossible, arm patch three! The three princesses of the Confederation do not live or associate with any one of the royals from the Pamburg Kingdom. How can Princess Pelf, her mom Imperatoress Haildrameme, her sister Princess Nixie, Pamburg prince Gasper, Pamburg princess Gotterina, and Pamburg squire Number Thirty-two share the same crooked nose?”
“Each royal shares the same DNA dominant trait of a crooked nose which comes from one parent that has contributed the single gene to each organism.”
He gasped. “What?”
“Any ancestral makeup of an organism is constructed from a set of observable characteristics which come from a dominant trait that is found within a common hereditary background which usually overrides a set of recessive traits which includes those of a nose structure…”
“Wait!” He smiled down at the arm patch. “You say that my ancestral makeup is constructed into a set of observable physical characteristics which is shared with my father or my grandfather or my great grandfather or my great-great grandfather.  Is that a correct statement, arm patch three?”
“Affirmative.”
“Yahoo!” He stood upright from the bed and spun around in a completed circle with a smile, stopping and stared out the glass window with a nod to see the mountain castle. “I found it. I mean that I have a visual method of discovering each trait of the first ancient Pamburg king. My physical features are unique to me and not my other non-blood related brotherly princes and princesses which includes the royals of the Confederation. So I just need to find that single unique characteristic that I only possess in which none of the other princes or princesses exhibit,” he slid down over the messy bedcovers with a smile and reached down, tapping on top of the arm patch number two. “Arm patch number two, show me all the royals throughout the entire continent that possess a single dominate trait which is controlled by one DNA gene!”
The arm patch flashed with an array of colors and then cleared, displaying a mixed group of royals from the Confederation and the Pamburg Kingdom. “No. I do not possess that particular dominant trait either. And this particular group of royals do share a similar DNA gene. Thus, each one is not a descendant coming down from the first Pamburg King either, since the team of Pamburg scientists is smarter. The dominant trait has been transferred and altered into one fetus only. Else, there will be a long and bloody civil war between every prince and princess for total control of the king’s throne,” he laughed with a nod. “I am close. I am getting closer to finding out the single gene that comes from the first Pamburg King. And there are a finite number of royals on the entire continent who possess a set of unique dominate genetic characteristics. This is going really fast. I will be crowned the new king of Pamburg by lunchtime. Arm patch number three, show me the next set of royals that possess a dominant gene that is controlled by one single gene!” The arm patch metal screen flashed in an array of colors and then cleared, displaying a new row of royals on the metal.



Kingdom of the Wind

Home of Marquee Jennessee and Marquise Fallacious
   First royal princess Ovilla, second royal prince Exmore
     and dead third royal princess Sedottie

Forest landscape with colorful flowers and pink leaves
Cool temperatures and parted clouds of bright sunlight

Whipping vine staircase location


The super tall and super muscular male continued to advance without a care in the world but to find the hidden location of his precious daughter, moving ahead over the dry and wet pink tinted leaves with a sneer. He lifted a personal shaft into the air and pressed the flush button, exposing a set of sharp protruded blades within the smooth vertical rod, slicing down into the last Wind dancer that dared to confront the male with a growl. The skull separated from the tall and lean Wind dancer and then landed on top of the pink tinted leaves as the dead body of the dancer fell in front of the boot toes of the super tall male. The super tall male stomped on top on top of the dying dancer and continued to slice and attack each man, woman, and teen with a growl behind two rows of plumed of black smoke and flames of red coming from each burning tree limb and branch of pink tinted leaves.
A row of three individuals swiftly strolled over the pink leaves behind the back spines of the elderly male and the shorter male and stopped, standing in silence. Each person wore a set of individual face patches of various colored hues, consisting of all the different metal shapes. The numerous face patches included every color of the tiara forehead, the pair of curvy horns, and the pair of straight horns. Numerous set of eyebrows patches was displayed over each eye socket and down toward the cheekbone. A set of nose patches covered the entire nose bridge. A set of several cheekbone patches over the sides of the face. Several type of mustache patches underneath both nose holes, running down over the top of the lips. Numerous sets of chin patches were displayed around the mouth and over the necklace. Several sets of jaw line patches were displayed around the jaw line. There were one set of green colored snot nose face patches. Several types of drooling mouth spit face patches. And finally, there were an assortment of colored dots between all the patches.
Each person was clean shaven without a set of facial and bone skull hair. The various colored and types of face patches surrounded the entire naked and shaven bone skull for better communication. Each person held a pencil and a piece of paper writing down any type of important whispered message coming from one of the numerous face patches. All the colored and models of face patches were used exclusive by the Confederation populous of people and the royals.
One each side of the row of three persons, there was a set of two individual persons that looked down and stared at a set of arm patches. The arm patches covered each naked forearm, hand, and both legs for observation as each person studied each arm patch in silence.
The shorter young male in a sleeveless dirty and torn electric blue tunic and a pair of matching set of trousers with a head of shoulder length silver colored hair, a pair of gray eyeballs, and a tone of black colored skin moved ahead with a stern face and cleaned off the bloody shaft on the leg of the trousers, stopping, standing beside the elderly male.
The super tall and super muscular middle aged male wore a head of shoulder length silver hair with a pair of gray colored eyeballs, and a tone of black tinted skin. He was dressed in a pale blue sleeveless tunic, a pair of matching ripped and repaired older trousers, and a pair of unpolished matching knee boots which matched the eye color of his precious daughter, stopping and stared up at the whipping vine with a sneer. “What is this?”
The shorter male looked up with a smile at the whipping vine. “The shoreline of the Kingdom of the Wind is lined in two layers of slimy pink dead and dried leaves that fly off the rows of tall trees into the air and eventually lands back down over the soil. The color of the fine sand is pink tinted, if you could find it among the dead leaves.
A solid row of massive red colored gigantic trees with red colored bark and extremely tiny pink tinted leaves in zillions stood in a single row. The red tinted trunk bark of each tree width could hold a long row of five upright tall males. In the middle of the solid row of gigantic tall red barked tree trunks, there were a set of two free-standing trees which stood side by side, wearing a wrapped cord of purple tinted vine with an array of tiny black colored flowers. The purple colored vine whipped back and forth, slapping the ground soil into the dust particles into the air and then smacked down onto the red bark into tiny bits of wood splinters into the air also without stopping. You could see where the tree naked from bark after the slap of the tip of the vine. The front of the entrance gates of your lovely home which was the wild and beautiful Kingdom of the Wind, where the wind whipped both of those two nasty looking purple colored vines with the black tiny flowers up and down and side to side which could kill a healthy male. 
The elderly male continued to stare at the two overgrown red colored tree trunks with a set of two overgrown purpled tinted vines that held a pretty row of dangling black dull colored flowers. Two massive trees ascended into the clouds. Each tree contained a single yellow colored flat-like plant vine. The yellow colored vine twisted around and around while going up and around the red colored tree bark of the tree trunk like a staircase. Each vine was level and bumpy like a set of steps.
The shorter male said. “That is a walking staircase that goes up the tree and over back down toward the Delta water.” The tree tops continued to sway side to side. The wind shifted and blew the long shoulder length silver tinted locks. The plant staircase did not shift side to side. The piece of growing plant looked stable and steady. It was only the whipping gigantic vine of purple that moved up and down and side to side. The whipping vine jerked backward from the step and then wiggled in the blue sky, soaring forward, sailing forward, and slapped back down onto the ground with a loud slap on the pink tree leaves. The shorter male smiled at the whipping vine. “This is the true entrance into the Kingdom of the Wind which comes from the direction of smooth Delta waters. We do not wanna try to climb that thing. The gigantic vine is heavy spiked with tiny points and can pierce the delicate skin and then draw blood.”
The super tall and muscular man exhaled with a huff of worry. “I understand. Did we find any one of our missing daughters here inside the Kingdom of the Wind?” He continued to watch the two vines as each one whipped up into the air and then back down, slapping over the dry pink tinted leaves, creating a set of tiny pink tornados in the air. The smell of the bitter smoke bothered both his eyeballs and his nose holes, but he didn’t care about his person, only his daughter.
The shorter male exhaled with a sad face at the whipping vine also. “No sir! We have not found one single lost daughter that had been kidnapped from the Freelands. All the questioned natives repeated over and over, again, to us that they were dancers, writers, musicians, and singers of the science of the art which included paintings, poems, and songs. When a daughter was described in full detail, they had not seen one.”
Another angry male, who was one of the fathers of the missing daughters, shook a skull of long curls of silver tint and watched all the tall trees in flames, coughing out loud from the light brown smoke. “Then, we all will go and invade the next kingdom within the Confederation with angry revenge for each lost daughter.”
The shorter male, who was one of the fathers of the lost daughters, cleared a dry throat with a sad face at the whipping vine. “Sir, I have followed you and seen your positive drive. However, I am afraid too, sir.”
The elderly male laughed, “I am afraid, also.”
“I fear, too.”
“I fear that my biological daughter is not well, sir.”
“I fear the same thing. But I must know the medical condition of my daughter. I must learn the truth. I must see the face of my enemy, who has captured my daughter. I will not rest until I know the truth.”
The shorter male cleared a dry throat with a sad face. “Sir, we do not have an enemy. We are a set of peaceful people from a free nation.”
“Yes, we are a group of peaceful people that comes from a free nation, where some of us will return. I will not return without my daughter, so I will continue to feud everyone including the people of the Pamburg Kingdom and the Confederation.”
“I will, too, sir.”
He smiled at the whipping vines. “What is the latest news from the Pamburg Kingdom?”
One of the clean shaved males moved ahead from the stationary line and stopped, staring down at one of the arm patches with a stern face. “The Pamburg woman is awake and working on a set of numerous arm patches. Each arm patch is alive. She acts really weird. She’s sorting through each photograph of every single royal within both the Confederation and the Pamburg Kingdom.”
The shorter male turned and frowned at the bald skull of male. “What does that mean?”
He continued to frown down at each active arm patch. “I don’t know, sir! It is very confusing and intriguing and strange and all the above.”
The shorter male nodded to the bald skull of the male. “Please keep searching for our daughters.”
He back stepped and stopped, standing back in the row of devoted spies with a stern face, staring down at each arm patch. “Yes sir!”
The elderly male continued to watch the whipping vines. “Is there anymore new information from any of the royals inside the Confederation?”
The shorter male looked down with a stern face and tapped on top of his arm patch to another spot within the communication devise. “Yes, there has been a set of four more deaths of the young royal teens.
He laughed with a smile, “How intriguing! We must share the fight with another enemy of the Confederation.”
The shorter male nodded with a stern face. “What is your order, now, sir?”
He exhaled. “We…”
One of the individuals on the line, a male gasped down at the new picture on his arm patch, lifting a chin to see the back spine of the shorter male, “Sir! I have something new here,” he moved ahead and stopped, standing behind the two back spines of the shorter and the taller male. “I have a faint whisper of a word. The word is slave girl.”
The elderly male spun around with a stern face to see the male, “Is that my daughter? Are you hearing her words through the face patch?”
The male nodded with a stern face and pointed down at the arm patch. “I am picking up a very faint single word transmission on one of the arm patches, sir. The word is slave girl. I know that the Confederation calls each one of our biological daughters by that same code name. The faint transmission is coming directly from the Kingdom of the Land which is due east of here between the ocean waters, sir. I do believe there might be some of our daughters working there.”
The elderly male swung around with a smile to see the thick green colored woodlands which separated the Kingdom of the Wind from the Kingdom of the Land and as his nostrils smelled the bitter burning smoke. His eyeballs were blinded and watered with the scenes of black burning smoke. “Yes, all your words are true. We go and invade the next nation which is called the Kingdom of the Land,” he pressed the face patch of baby blue tint that matched his ripped and torn old suit and the eyes of his missing daughter and whistled into the patch for attention. “To all the dear and devoted fathers, we have not found one Freelands daughter here among the natives inside the Kingdom of the Wind. However, all the beautiful overstory trees, all the pretty tree houses, and most of the natives are dying which has been caused by the greed and selfishness of the royal families of the Confederation. And we don’t give a shit either. So, do not be disheartened and sad right now! We heard the word slave girl which has been whispered inside the next neighboring kingdom through the array of face patches. Thus, we move ahead toward the eastern direction and then invade the Kingdom of the Land and find that faint transmission which will lead to all our lost daughters. Follow me!” Each bloody shaft of a worried father launched up into the air with a sneer as the bright fire plumes twinkled on the rusty steel metal. Then, each father dropped down the shaft near a pair of ripped, torn, and stained pair of trousers and turned to face the east, moving ahead through the thick patch of tall trees, and scattered bushes to find a kidnapped daughter inside the Kingdom of the Land, cutting through the thick woodland branches with a sneer of hate for the royals.


10th hour (early morn)

Kingdom of the Sand

Home of Imperator Kung, his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
  and two daughters first royal Princess Pelf
    and second royal Princess Nixie

Tan beach with streaks of yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and blue sky

1st floor level (near the ocean water)
Staircase location
Interior setting


Pelf swiftly descended the staircase with a smile and scooted around the numerous visitors inside the hallway of the Social Tower which consisted of the Fire metalists, the Sun guards, and the Lakes fisherwomen, who had been invited inside the Assembly Hall for shelter and food from the heat of the light colored sands. The proper entrance into the Social Tower building was only accessed by a royal on one side of the tall sand structure which faced the baby blue Delta water and away from the kitchen space, where all meals were prepared and then served inside the dining room or inside an individual sand castle to the prince or princess. A royal would enter from the sands, climb up a set of steps, and eventually land inside the Assembly Hall for the afternoon lesson session of royal academics.
Today, the royal academic classes had been cancelled for the teen royals as each adult royal was visiting the Pamburg Kingdom about a rumor with a set of dead princesses.
Pelf moved through the open archway, scooted outside over the sands and into the heated air with a gasp, halting over the beige tinted sandy ground. The beautiful sands were covered in muck of dirty dishes, paper goods, spilled beverages, and wasted eaten and uneaten food. A team of Sand servants were digging through the dirty sands and cleaning up the smell and the mess that had been left by all the nasty visitors from the Kingdoms of the Fire, the Sun, and the Lakes. 
Once Pelf was newly installed Imperatoress, she would allow any visitor to trash the beautiful sands. This was her home and her property. The Kingdom of the Sand always married the Kingdom of the Land to protect the food crops and continue to feed the natives.
The Public Presentation was at the end of the work week. Then, her royal teen days would end without fun but obligation.
She exhaled with a puff of annoyance and spun around to face the rows of sand castles, the sparkling sand grains, and the scrub forest in the far distance, dashing ahead next to the building without a set of eye level windows. The ancient first Imperator designed the Social Tower building as a fortress first and a social place second. Thus, a set of viewing windows started on the twelfth floor which was technically used to view the outside rays of sunlight and moonlight.
She rounded the square shaped building corner and quickly darted into the open archway with a height of four stories that complimented the height of the room also like the other floors.


1st floor (near the scrub forest of grasses and trees)
Kitchen and bakery room setting


She turned to face the tall archway of twenty feet that allowed an array of numerous servants plus numerous wide food karts to move in and out of the food place. All the royal meals were prepared here by a staff of servants and then delivered into the Dinner Hall.
All the naughty teen male royals would enter the kitchen and eat all the sweet rolls for yummy fun On occasion, one of the teen males could stand here and beg for a sweet dessert with pretty good success from a female servant without a set of teeth and a bad hair day.
She reached down and gathered up the dress hem, running ahead down the smooth floor with a smile and skidded to a halt without banging a forehead onto the low-lying granite ceiling where the ascending staircase down ate into the hallway fixture and then she stopped. She turned to face the wall and squatted down in front of the lower part of moist wall on top of the floor.
Her fingers slowly outlined a set of roughly embedded alphabetic letters that was etched into the smooth wall and as she smiled inside the darkness of the hallway. The hidden spot was located directly underneath the low-lying granite ceiling, where a person would never stoop and find a message unless they had lost a sweet roll here.
She closed both eyelashes and as all the fingers communicated with her smart neurons. Her fingers outlined the capital letters C, A, V, and finally the number three which was really the capital letter E. There was an underground cave that had been built underneath the Social Tower building. The soil was composed of sand and water. However, the dungeon must have been built into the walls of the staircase. She whipped back both hands with a giggle. “I found it. Now, I’m ready to enter the mysterious cave,” she reached down and touched the metal door with one finger pad. The door didn’t open. She frowned with confusion. “all right! The door will open with two finger pads of my sweat,” she reached down and touched the metal door with a set of two fingers pads. The door still didn’t open. She frowned with puzzlement. “O. It is not imprinted with all my finger pads,” she reached down and touched the metal door with all finger pads. The door still didn’t open.
She squatted down and leaned into the metal, scattering the ancient tan colored dust with all fingers, cleaning off the metal with a smile. “O. There is a tiny door knob which is used to open the big door,” she reached down and touched, twisting the wrist bone with the door knob. The door still didn’t open. “O. It’s locked. I guess that Pio has a tiny door key like her father. And I guess her father Baron Vetepurr would lock up and torture a prisoner inside a prison cell where my father would not.” Pelf stood upright with a cough of dust and back stepped from the metal door with a smile. “I can open that rusty lock,” she spun around to face an empty hallway and dashed ahead with a giggle of excitement.


8th floor level
Assembly Hall location
Streaks of yellow dancing lightning bolts
Elevated throne platform


Second royal Princess Nixie sat back down inside the elevated throne platform and watched the populous of the people, the working Sand servants, and the row of stationary numerous tables of food steaming trays. The populous of the people didn’t bother with a fancy food plate or a clean napkin and invaded each food table, eating the food with all the fingers while licking the face with a long wet pink tinted tongue.  Then, the non-eating populous of the people attacked all the elevated throne room chairs with a set of tools while sawing and tearing down the poles, converting the wood into a set of short stadium bleachers for some weird ass reason.
Nixie continued to sit and watch the entertaining masses. Then, her throne chair swiftly wiggled side to side. She screamed from fright and stood upright with a puff of annoyance, dashing ahead down the short steps, tumbling onto the level floor, and spun around to see the commotion with a gasp of alarm.
The non-eating populous of the people invaded and crawled over the row of elevated throne chairs, where Pelf and Nixie of the royal family of the Kingdom of the Sand had sat a few minutes ago. The set of wooden planks from each throne chair was converted into a formation of numerous rows of long bleachers which was totted and built into one massive bleacher.
The female slowly moved upward side to side over the floor and stood upright, wearing a long dark blue cloak. The cloak was open, not clasped, revealing a tall and slender body of a female girl. Her body glowed in white tinted skin that was marked with a series of tiny to large rusty colored ugly scars which had healed over time. The dark blue cloak coated her collar bone and her back spine with a set of half sleeves. Protruding down out from the sleeves, a pair of arms from the elbows displayed only a tint of dull silver human skin. Her bone skull was covered in long light brown hair that exhibited multiple parts throughout the scalp which had healed over time also. Her long hair was tied into a long braid.
Pio lifted up both arms with a smile and waved with both hands at the populous of the people. “Come inside to one and all! Come inside and join the food, the fun, and the free day without work!”
The standing or eating populous of the people shouted on top of the floor while watching the construction of the new set of sitting bleachers with a loud voice, “Show! Show! Show!”
Pio danced around the floor while twirling in a circle with a smile, tossing both arms into the air. “Yes! Yes! We will have a wonderful show for the populous of the people. Come over here and build me a row of high vertical poles between the forward wall and down three-fourths of the Assembly Hall. Then I’ll put on a spectacular show for you.”
Nixie ran ahead through the crowd of heated bodies and stopped, standing on the last food table with her princess enemy Ovilla. She reached down and touched, grabbing one of the cold beverages with a sour frown. “I hate Pio. She thinks that she’s in charge of the kingdom with my daddy and mother gone from the throne chairs. She is not. She isn’t the new queen of Pamburg. I’m going to be the new queen of Pamburg.”
Ovilla stood beside Nixie and crossed both arms with a sour frown, watching Pio too. “I hate Pio more. She isn’t the new queen of Pamburg. I’m going to be the new queen of Pamburg.”
She sipped and swallowed the cold beverage with a sour frown. “You are not anything, but nothing. I’m the new queen of Pamburg. When our royal parents return back from conquering the Pamburg Kingdom, I’m going to marry Modoc and become the new queen of Pamburg Kingdom.”
Nixie sipped and swallowed the cool liquid with a sneer. “I’m going to marry Modoc. He loves me, not you, Nixie.”
“Modoc loves Pelf, not you, bitch Ovilla.”
On the open floor, Pio danced sideways and slammed her body in Nixie with a giggle, spilling the beverage over the lovely gown of Nixie. “Go and find me something to tie on each pole! So I can show off my shaft skills.”
Nixie looked down with a sour frown and wiped off the liquid from her gown. “What set of fucking poles?”
Pio thumbed back over a collar bone to the objects on top of the floor. “Do you see my set of newly erected vertical poles which came from the numerous throne chairs that displays over my right collar bone, stupid princess of the Kingdom of the Sands?”
Nixie continued to wipe off the liquid on her gown. “I am the princess of the Sand. So, go and find your own something!”
Ovilla laughed. “Pio wants you to find a kitten or a puppy to tie onto the pole, Nixie. So, Pio can kill it with her wicked shaft during the death dance.”
Pio gasped. “No. I do not want to kill a kitten or a puppy. I love furry kittens and sweet puppies. Go and find me something else!”
“Like what of something else?” Ovilla laughed. 
“Something that Pio hates,” Nixie looked up with a wink and a smile to see Pio.
Pio nodded with a smile, “Yeah, something that I really hate!”
“Okay. I’ll help you, Pio. But you have to help me when I need help.”
Pio nodded with a smile to Nixie, “Sure, evil bitch of all the princesses in the world! Go and get me something that I really hate to kill with my shaft on that newly erected play-pole.”
Nixie reached out and grabbed the arm of Ovilla with a wicked grin, moving away from Pio. “Okay, Pio! Come on, Ovilla! I need some help.”
Ovilla moved ahead with a sour frown beside Nixie while battling her long elegant gown through the thick crowd of heated bodies. “What does Pio hate, Nixie? I don’t like your new friend Pio, very well. How come you know what she hates, Princess Nixie? I didn’t know that she hated anything. What is it that Pio hates?”
They continued to move toward one of the three open archways of crowded natives.


1st floor level
Kitchen and bakery room
Interior setting


Pelf ran ahead down the empty hallway with a smile and slammed into the open archway on a shoulder with a giggle, stopping and stood inside the archway of ten feet width that allowed an array of numerous servants and food karts to move in and out of the food place.
The room was four stories tall. Every wall and corner space contained an appliance or a long counter top with an assortment of smaller pieces of equipment that was used to slice, dice, and cut up the raw meats, fruits, and vegetables that came from the Kingdom of the Land.
The overhead lamps slowly illumined into a bright blinding light coming from her body heat signature.
Pelf slowly scanned each piece of equipment and each side wall with a puff of worry without seeing any motion of a servant or hearing a working appliance. Each servant had been ordered to service all the new guests on the eighth floor of the Assembly Hall.
The kitchen and bakery space was designed with a set of four solid walls without a viewing window to see the sunlight during the daytime hours. The entrance point into the kitchen was located on the opposite end of the cascading staircase that led up toward each floor of the Social Tower building. Thus, the other end of the long and semi-dark hallway on the ground floor contained nothing but clusters of scattered tiny tan colored sand grains over the smooth floor which hid the unknown and mysterious cave.
Pelf bounced up and down with excitement, slowly moving inside the kitchen room and stopped, standing in front of a semi-dirty kitchen counter top that contained a set of raw food, a pile of dirty pans and dishes, and an array of clean utensils. She reached out and touched the flat tray of food knives. She needed something sharp and pointy to jiggle without breaking into the ancient lock which would open the short entrance door into the mysterious cave dungeon. Her hand hovered over a large butcher knife that was used to cut up heavy bones of meat and as she shook her curls with a whisper for her eardrums only. “No. The tip of the heavy blade will break the poor rusty lock on the door. I wanna smaller tip or the smallest tip in the entire world,” she continued to slide a hand over the tray of knives which started with the biggest utensil and then stopped with a laugh. “Yes, a tiny paring knife will be perfect for my new mission. A blade of a paring knife is very tiny and very sharp. Yes, this will do the job.” She reached down and grabbed the knife, lifting it away from a stern face, slowly spinning around to face the open archway without the fear of a nosy Sand servant.
She reached down and gathered up the dress hem without tripping over her big feet and accidentally killing her person, slowly strolling ahead through the archway of the kitchen, and turned, slowly strolling down the smooth floor which was made of sand grains with a hum of happiness.


Outdoors tan sandy beach with yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine
Airship trip of pilot Strawn and co-pilot Cumberrun
Interior setting of the stolen airship


A set of scattered airships flew among the blue skies while soaring from an array of different geographical directions as each one took a turn and then descended, landing on top of the tan colored sands on the Kingdom of the Sand.
Strawn slowed the air speed on the stolen Sun airship and fell behind a row of hovering airships with a smile into the viewer window in silence.
Cumberrun sat inside the co-pilot chair and gently tapped the edge of shaft on top of the control panel, staring with a smile at the viewer screen, “all right, your sire-ness! We have arrived here with the blue sky and the nasty strikes of yellow lightning bolts. Why would a bolt of lightning strike within the clear blue sky without a nasty black tinted storm of loud thunder and heavy rain drops?”
“It is really beautiful here.” Strawn smiled at the viewer screen and paced at slow air speed, hovering in a lousy formation with the rest of the air borne airships. “Where do I park this ugly rusty bucket of an airship?”
He sneered. “Stop staying that, bro! You think everything is beautiful here within the Confederation. I fuckingly don’t and won’t. I think everything is beautiful back home in the Pamburg lands and rivers.”  Cumberrun twisted side to side inside the stationary co-pilot seat with a puzzled brow and stared into the viewer window at the landscape of tan sand and blue water. “Well, I guess that you can park anywhere on top of the tan colored twinkling sands in-between the ships. There are tons of airships down there. Some look rusty and dead. Some look new and shiny. I would park near the edge of the water for a fast escape from the vicious savages of the Confederation,” laughing.
He rotated both hands over the flat control panel with a nod and a smile, “Yeah! That’s a great idea. We park near the water and then ran like hell with Princess Teath, getting far away from all the vicious savages of the Confederation,” Strawn slowly descended down and parked, landing on top of the wet sand near the waves of blue water, killing the power of the engine. Cumberrun reached over and cracked the door in silence. Strawn gasped in alarm. “Wait!”
“Wait for what, now, sister dear?” Cumberrun frowned.
Strawn turned and stared at each native that was moving by the airship and then entered the tall building that was the called Social Tower. “Each native wears a silly face patch. We must do the same. Or we would be caught and questioned.”
“All righty that there, young sire-ness!” Cumberrun reached down and opened the front drawer on the control panel, rummaging through the contents with a smile, lifting and held a set of two tan colored cheekbone patches with a nod. “Ugly! You do know that anyone else with a matching tan colored cheekbone face patch will hear our two-way communication, young sire-ness.”
He nodded with a stern face, “Right! Okay! We use a call sign for the location of Teath. We call her, a pretty seat. So, when you look and try to find a pretty seat, use that code name. Then, no one will know what we are really hunting for a lost princess inside that tall building. It looks like the entire world of natives have come from every sandy and soapy corner of the Confederation is going in there.”
Cumberrun turned and stared at the building and the native, reaching up and slammed one of the tan colored face patch over the cheekbone with a smile. “You should be king. You’re really a smart ass, Strawn.”
“Thanks!” He reached over and snatched up the cheekbone tan colored face patch, slapping it over his cheekbone, reaching over and cracked open the door. He slid out and stood on top of the wet sands, covering a face and a body with the silk girly clothing in disguise as a Pamburg prince, reaching down and slammed the door shut, staring with a worried brow at the tallest building in silence. This was the second day without finding Princess Teath and saving the Pamburg Kingdom from war with the Confederation.
Cumberrun slide out and stood upright from the seat, covering a face of whiskers and a body with the girly clothing also in disguise while staring at the tall building of glittering tan hue, back stepping from the open door, slamming it shut and turned to see Strawn with a stern face, saying into the tan colored cheekbone. “Do we lock the door?”
“No.”
“What do we do now?”
Strawn pointed at the building with a nod, saying into the tan colored cheekbone face patch that was hidden inside the head wrap of colorful silk. “We follow the rest of crowd. Everyone is invading the tallest building on the sands. So, we go inside with the other natives of the Confederation and then we locate Teath. She has to be here.”
“Damn! We really have to go and get inside that mess?”
Strawn back stepped from the door without locking, slowly strolling ahead and blended into the moving crowd, re-covering an amber colored face that hid his manly whiskers and the tan colored cheekbone face patch. “Testing one, two…”
“Three,” Cumberrun slowly strolled slightly behind Starwn within the moving crowd and roared with laughter into the tan colored cheekbone face patch. “Yeah, the face patch works perfectly. It should. We design and make them inside the kingdom of the…”
“Don’t!” Strawn slowly moved ahead and blended with the moving natives of the Confederation, whispering into the tan colored matching cheekbone face patch. “Do not mention that name here,” he slowly strolled off from the tan colored sands and entered through a gigantic archway of cool shade, slowly climbing up a sloped and long staircase of tan rock beside Cumberrun.
Cumberrun continued to climb up the gigantic staircase beside Strawn among the heavy crowd with a smile and a whisper into the tan colored cheekbone face patch, sliding the scarf over a manly face with whiskers. “I do believe that I hear fun rowdy cheering. It sounds like a fun beer party of some type is here. O no! Could they have found her already before us?”
He frowned with a whisper into the face patch. “No! I don’t believe so.”


Interior setting hallway 
1st floor level
    (northern side archway near the scrub forest)


Pelf stopped and squatted down in front of the short door with a grin, jabbing the tip of the paring knife into the ancient rusty lock, gently twisting the wrist bone with a gasp. The door cracked opened. She gasped in shock and removed, pitching the paring knife to the wall side away from her body. No one was going to steal the knife or bother with her private mission, since Pelf could hear a set of loud continuous cheers and the louder continuous music coming down from each floor level inside the Social Tower. The natives were having a celebration party with the fun teen royals for the day without word.
She reached out and touched, gently swing the ancient short door to the side with a giggle. “I guess all the visitors from centuries ago were a set of tiny little midgets like that oracle man-person,” she dropped down onto the breasts and slid ahead, crossing the smooth sandstone over a stomach with a giggle, entering a new room with a set of semi-dull overhead illuminated lamps. She slowly stood upright and scanned up to see the ceiling with a gasp. The entire room was built like a ninety-degree mathematical right angle underneath the staircase of the Social Tower. The ceiling sloped upward which supported the upward staircase that led upwards toward the top floor of the Social Tower.
Hanging down from the ceiling, there were several oval-shaped wire cages. Some were empty. Some held a long piece of red and yelling flaming firewood. The firewood was a piece of fossilized bark that could burn without fumes or heat only light for months, not years or centuries. She gasped in shock. “Who had lighted each one of these pieces of firewood? The wire cages are several feet into the air, very high.” 
Pelf slowly twirled in a circle to see each solid wall. The forward wall which was across from the entrance wall was part of the ninety-degree slope and displayed tan colored hues without an array of red colored ancient blood smears. The entrance wall held on the half-door which was open. She moved ahead and reached out, gently shutting the half-door without a loud smack, not wanting a new visitor to run into the rear dress train in surprise.
She spun around to face the other side. It was straight and tall of tan colored hues without decorations or a window or a wire cage. She exhaled with a puff of nervousness and softly called aloud. “Hello! Are you here! I saw your message inside the art paintings of the Art Hall inside this building. Can you hear me?”
She turned to face the forward wall where the side corner was lighted colored, not dark colored like it was an entrance point that went up into the next level. “There is a new level. Yeah, the dungeon level! Father told Pio to take the little man into the dungeon. Well, I am here, first. So, I will check the medical and mental condition of the dungeon. If it is unacceptable, then the little man can stay inside one of the sand castles. I am still the daughter of the imperator, not Pio,” she dropped both hands over the gown and lifted up the dress, reaching out and grabbed her shaft. A lady didn’t walk around without her shaft for protection and out of eyesight for surprise.
She lifted and slid the rod down to the cupped hands, holding the shaft the end of the bigger tip for protection and attack, if necessary. She slowly moved ahead without hearing a response to her verbal question and swung the smaller tip of the shaft side to side in the empty air molecules, in case of ghosts also.
She moved ahead with cautious and continued to swing the shaft side to side. Then the shaft hit a set of air molecules against the side wall that went to the next floor. She turned to face the end of the side wall and leaned into the cold sandstone with a pant of fear, extending and swing the shaft onto the next level and hit the stone wall with a yelp. She back stepped with a nervous giggle and side stepped to see an elevated ramp that ended with a solid wall.
The next level was built in a zag-zig pattern against the two parallel walls inside the dungeon room.
She moved ahead a few steps and turned to face an upward slope which contained an enclosed wire cage on each side of the wall. The wire cage encompassed the entire wall from ceiling down to the stone floor with a row of spaced vertical bars to view the prisoner and a side half-door to enter the prison cell. She slowly moved ahead without touching the moist ancient metal, not seeing a prisoner but there were piles of old blankets inside each wall corner and stopped in place. There was a third level of prison cells.
She lifted and swung the shaft side to side for protection, slowly moving ahead and hit another pocket of air molecules with a giggle, dropping down the shaft, slowing moving ahead and turned to face a solid wall on the third level. She turned again to face another set of parallel walls. Each contained a long and enclosed prison cell again. She slowly moved upward a sloped ramp with a grin. The prison cells carried the same design of width and depth with a row of vertical bars with a half-door without a prisoner body and piles of blankets in both wall corners and stopped with a giggle. There was a fourth level inside the upper dungeon. 
She reached up and swung the shaft side to side for protection, slowly moving ahead and hit another pocket of air molecules with a grin, dropping down the shaft, strolling ahead and turned to face a solid wall on the fourth level. She turned again to face another set of parallel walls. Each wall contained the same type of prison cell. She slowly moved upward on a sloped ramp with a stern face. The two prison cells were the same design of width and depths with a row of vertical bars with an open half-door without a prisoner body or a stack of blankets inside either one of the wall corners and stopped, standing in front of a solid wall. She giggled. “The tour of the dungeon has ended for the day,” Pelf didn’t like the wet and smelly accommodations of each prison cell. The little man named Orkey would stay inside one of the abandoned sands castles until her father Kung didn’t know the services of an oracle anymore.
She back stepped and spun around, reaching out and touched the vertical bars with a nod. A sound of childish giggle echoed off each wall. She back stepped with a gasp “Hello! Is someone in here with me? Are you over there? Where are you? Come out and see me!” She spun around and ran down the ramp, turning the wall corner and stopped. One of the half-doors swung back and forth inside the third floor prison cell.
She smiled. “There are you! I don’t see you. Come out and play with me! Are you a child? Can you hear me? Come out!” She dashed ahead and turned to face the swinging half-door, entering the prison cell, and slammed into the forward wall, back stepping with a smile and stood upright in the middle of the room with a giggle. “Are in here? Where are you hiding inside the blankets?” She side stepped and stopped with a smile, reaching over and grabbed the short stack of blankets, lifting, and flung the pile into the air the wall corner was empty.
The half-door squealed in metal pain.
She spun around with a gasp. The half-door was starting to close shut. The lock was located on the outside of the door which would trap her body inside the dungeon forever. No other royal would find her for day or weeks or months or years, since no one knew that she was here. She reared back and pitched the shaft at the half-door. The shaft slammed into the bars of the door and swung it wide open back into the empty hallway. Pelf ran ahead and slid down into a horizontal position, reaching out with both outstretched arms, slamming both hands into the swing door frame and halted a body. The door was half-way shut. She slowly crawled ahead over the dusty floor with a puff of fear, listening to the quiet room while resting over the floor with a pumping heart of excitement.
She lifted upright on the palms and the toes, slowly shoving the door and the shaft from her pathway. The shaft tumbled down and then fell onto the floor with a soft ting. Then, the half-door slammed closed shut with a loud boom.
Pelf slowly stood upright and folded down at a fit waistline with a set of heavy pants and raw emotions of angry and fear, slowly standing upright with a growl and a loud shout into the empty hallway. “Where are you?  I can hear your vicious laughter, noob. I am mad now. I am not giving up. I live here. You do not live here. This is my castle, not yours. Come out, right now! Or I will find you first. Then, I will do something really, really bad. I will tattle to my father, who will be really, really mad,” she leaned down and snatched up the shaft from the floor, slowly standing upright with a puff of annoyance, slowing moving down the long ramp and around each wall corner as her eyeballs observed every wall and every prison cell.
Pelf turned the last wall corner and stopped, standing back on top of the flat ground floor that was even with the kitchen space with a gasp. This was the cathedral entrance room with a set of airborne squeaky old empty wire cages which hung down from the ceiling. She scanned the floor, the walls, and the ceiling with a puzzled brow. “Where are you? I heard your giggling. Where did you go? The entrance half-door is closed and shut,” she dashed ahead toward the closed archway, squatting down and carefully opened the half-door, moving ahead and leaned a face around the wall corner, staring down the long empty hallway. If someone had left the same entrance room of the dungeon, the person would be running down the long, long hallway. The hallway was empty. She whispered for her eardrums only. “This is so strange.”


2nd floor level location
Storage Room setting
Four solid walls and numerous boxes and containers
Spy trip of Prince Strawn and Cumberrun


Some of the native crowd of men, women, teenagers, and children slowly climbed the single staircase along with the two Pamburg princes and then turned to face a new hallway and dashed inside the corridor with a set of shouts and cheers. Cumberrun stopped on top of the staircase and turned to see the new hallway with a smile, following the happy crowd with a streak of curiosity in silence.
Strawn stopped and stood in the middle of the sloped staircase as more natives scooted around his tallness. He frowned at the back spine of Cumberrun and whispered through the tan colored cheekbone face patch to his brotherly prince. “What are you doing, Cumberlynn? We’re looking for a ‘pretty seat.’”
Cumberrun slowly moved ahead with the other natives down a short hallway and smiled with a whsiper back into the matching tan colored cheekbone face patch. “The crowd of happy natives turned and entered a new hallway. I wanna see what is down here.”
Strawn continued to stand with a sour frown and blocked the foot path for the natives, saying through the cheekbone face patch with a growl of annoyance. “You are supposed to be looking into the face of each native for the ‘pretty seat.’”
Cumberrun stopped and stood behind the crowd of natives with laugh. “That doesn’t make any sense, sister dear! O. I understand now. So, there might be a pretty seat. I will save it for your ass, Strawnelle.” Strawn fought through the thick crowd and turned to the face the new hallway, slowly following behind Cumberrun with a worried brow while scanning the different faces of each native for the misplaced Teath in silence. Cumberrun stopped and stood a few feet and a head taller away from the open archway behind numerous rows of natives, whispering into the tan colored cheekbone face patch with a smile to Strawn, “I am standing here at the end of the hallway, Strawnella,” chuckling.
“Strawnelle!” Strawn continued to move ahead through the thick crowd with a sour frown.
“That is your new code name, Strawnella. Ain’t it pretty sounding as Strawnella, Strawnella?” Cumberrun stared into the room with a smile and a whisper into the cheekbone tan colored face patch to Strawn. “No food trays are provided in here!”
He paused and listened to the vile words from Strawn on the other end of the face patch.
Cumberrun laughed. “What is it? Do you really wanna know, sister dear?”
Pause.
“Your vile language sucks, Strawnella. You hung too much of your social time with nasty Prince Tantum and his fucking ugly hook nose that he didn’t get from our pretty queen mother but maybe a genetic trait from our biological father whom we have never seen or saw or will ever see.”
Pause.
“It is a four story tall room that is filled with hundreds and hundreds of tall to smaller boxes, containers, tubs, an assortment of broken down baking and cooking appliances and an array of more broken furniture pieces plus other tall and small destroyed items. It used to be a storage room to store items from food to furniture inside this building. But all the vile and vicious and greedy natives are stealing all the free merchandise. Hey! Do you want a toaster oven, Strawnella?”
Pause.
“You shouldn’t use that set of nasty language going directly into my two virgin eardrums, Strawnelle, I am going to tattle to your queen mother when I get back home to my princely castle.”
Pause.
He laughed. “Fuck and love your back spine, too, sister dear!” Cumberrun back stepped and shoved the shorter and greedy natives away from both sides of a body, spinning around within the crowd of loud native voices, bumping into the other elbows and biceps, moving ahead back toward Strawn.
Strawn back stepped away from Cumberrun and spun around, shoving a body through the thick crowd with a sneer into the cheekbone face patch. “This is the second floor of the tallest building in the world. We will split up and find a pretty seat with two sets of eyeballs. I am dashing through the crowd and going up to the third floor. You take the fourth floor. Let me know you find the pretty seat first!” He swiftly moved through the crowd with a sneer.
“Fine!” Cumberrun said through the cheekbone face patch and moved ahead through the crowd with a smile, shoving each body side to side, turning and slowly strolled up the busy staircase.



Kingdom of the Fire

Baron Vetepurr and three daughters
   first royal Princess Pio
     and dead royal princess Mio and third royal princess Nio

Royal underground metal pits
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and partly clouds
Ground level brown colored soil setting


She heard the wind with both eardrums and felt the light breeze on each naked body part. She heard the faint roar of an engine and felt the heat of sunshine, smelling a foul odor, drooling with mouth salvia for food. She tasted the bitter vile of a dry sour mouth. Teath opened both the eyelashes and stared up into the pretty blue sky, slowly turning to see a blue face next to her body and then screamed out loud in fear.
She wiggled side to side away from the dead woman of blue and slammed an elbow into another stuff and smelly body with a loud scream, turning to see a second blue colored dead body, sitting upright on the ass while wearing a set of partially wet and dry set of girly clothing, slowly standing upright in top of the brown tinted dirt, staring down a semi-crooked line of dead bodies that all were colored in blue with a whisper for her eardrums. “What happened? Where am I?”
She reached up and touched a set of blue painful bruises and an array of small red crusty cuts on the face as her mind flooded with backward with terrible memories. She gasped with alarm. “Harpy! I crashed landed the jettie. I couldn’t gain control of the soaring airship. Then, the airship flew straight up into the non-breathable atmosphere and almost reached the stars while reaching its peak, it fell back down through the sky and landed in the water. I was bounced side to side from the hard impact inside the cockpit from the water attack. I wondered if a crash landing on the soil would have been better for my body?” She laughed with a smirk. “O well! I am here somewhere. Where am I here?” she looked up into the tall trees and then the low ground shading both eyeballs from the bright sunshine of the day. “The landscape is brown tinted soil and flat without a single shade tree or a blade of grass. The soil is course and hard. There is a grove of shade trees in the far distance. So, I’m in the grave yard of the dead in the Confederation. This is not good. That is obvious with the rows and rows of dead people. But I am alive, not dead,” she exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “Why am I here? How did I get here? Why are all these people dead with me?” She gasped with alarm. “It was me! I killed them when my jettie crash landed on top of that tiny island and then it slid off the white sands and then drowned down in the ocean water. I remembered tasting the salt water when I had escaped out from the hatchway of the drowning ship. O no! I murdered everyone here. I am so sorry, dead people. I don’t mean to do it,” she exhaled with a puff of sadness.
She slowly strolled ahead with a puzzled brow and stopped at the edge of the water, squatting down, and placed a naked hand down into the water with a sigh. “This is the Delta Water. I recognize the blue hue with warm water. Let’s see! The Pamburg Kingdom is located within the western direction of the great ocean water. So, I must be sorta southwest of my home. That is a long, long hike by on a pair of naked feet,” she stood upright with a confused brow and scanned pale blue water. “And I don’t see any type of airship or water craft,” she shook her semi-wet curls with a deep sigh. “Of course not, this is a graveyard which smells like death. I recognize the same foul stench, after each sister-princess had been killed by that evil Forger, and then died inside the playground of pits. Dead mother, help me!” She looked up with a worried brow to see the blue sky, the white clouds, and the flying birds over the hair roots. “Dead mother, I really messed up this time. I’m without an air or sea or land transport and landlocked with rows of dead bodies inside a graveyard,” she looked down with a stern face and kicked the sands. “Where do I go now? Well, I need to get out of the bright hot sunshine,” she back stepped from the water with a stern face and spun around, slowly moving ahead and scooted around the rows of dead people, holding both nostrils from the foul odor, slowly strolling toward the cool grove of shade trees in silence.



Kingdom of the Sand

Home of Imperator Kung, his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
  and two daughters first royal Princess Pelf
    and second royal Princess Nixie

Tan tinted beach with streaks of yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and blue sky

1st floor
   (northern side archway near the scrub forest)
Dungeon entrance setting


Pelf slid back through the half-door with a confused brow and scooted over the floor on a stomach, halting a few feet from the open archway. The half-door closed shut with a loud boom behind her shoe soles. She sat back on both kneecaps with a stern face while getting the pretty gowns dirty over the dusty floor of sand, examining the dungeon entrance with a stern face for a second time.
The room held a set of semi-dull overhead illuminated lamps which were built into a ninety-degree mathematical right angle that run underneath the staircase of the Social Tower. The ceiling sloped upward which supported the upward staircase that led upwards toward the top floor of the Social Tower.
Hanging down from the ceiling, there were several oval-shaped wire cages. Some were empty. Some held a long piece of red and yelling flaming firewood. The firewood was a piece of fossilized bark that would burn without fumes or radiated heat only visual light for months, not years or centuries.
She smiled. “Nothing has changed. So, I am correct. No one really lives inside the nasty and rusted bars of each prison cell. So, they must live behind one or all of the solid walls that is the only conclusion.” Pelf slowly twirled in a circle to see each solid wall. The forward wall which was across from the entrance wall was part of the ninety-degree slope and displayed tan colored hues without an array of red colored ancient blood smears. The entrance wall held the half-door which was shut closed. One of the side walls was built with two different shapes. One side of the wall was sloped three-fourth with the hidden staircase coming up from the floor from the bottom deeply into the dungeon room. The other side was solid tall wall of tan colored hue without a hanging decoration or a viewing window of the sands or a handing wire cage. She exhaled with a puff of annoyance and parked both hands on the hips with a puzzled brow. “Where are you located? You are not inside the prison cells, so you are somewhere else.”
Pelf turned to the side and stood in front of the solid wall, looking up toward the high ceiling of tan hues of solid sand grains. The height of the wall touched the highest floor, since this wall represented all the Social Tower rooms coming up from the first floor kitchen space to the eighth floor Assembly Hall.
She turned a face to see the forward wall where the side corner was lighted colored, not dark colored like it was an entrance point that went up into the next level. “Been there and done that!” Pelf returned and stared at the solid tall wall of tan sparkling sand grains. “I had noticed it before. But I had not noticed it before. Now, I am noticing it in a different light,” she exhaled with a puff of determination and reached out, touching the smooth solid wall of granite. The wall was heated to the hand touch and slimy with wet moisture from the cooking appliances as she reached high above the hair roots while searching for a hidden door or a hidden seam or a hidden closet. She slowly side stepped half way toward the entrance door of the dungeon with a sour frown. “The hidden compartment is not located on that side of the wall but there is more of the long wall space,” she scooted across the floor and then squatted down, reaching out and touched the smooth wall with all fingers on both hands with a determined face to find the hidden compartment or the hidden seam, where the mysterious natives in distress lived and thrived. She stood upright and raped the wall with both hands and then squatted back down utilizing the same motion with all finger pads, slowly side scooting over the smooth floor, moving back toward the other side, where the ramp into the levels of dungeons created a hallway. Then, she stopped with a gasp and continued to squat down in front of the lower portion of the wall on the floor.
Her fingers slowly outlined a set of deep groves which was etched into the smooth wall and as she smiled inside the dungeon entrance of the hallway. The hidden spot was located behind the solid wall, where a person would never stoop and find a set of mysterious groves unless the person was a prisoner.
She closed both eyelashes and as the fingers communicated with her smart neurons. Her fingers continued to outline two groves. Each grove was kinda oval shaped, not completely round with a deep indentation like she could press an index finger into the grove and then maybe something would happen. She slid over and felt the smooth wall, finding two more groves with a whisper for her eardrums only while continuing to outline the two groves. “Each grove is a sealed up hole with a deep indentation. That doesn’t make any sense. This is not a word game. Each grove is spaced apart and not close together which is more confusing to my neuron. What does this all mean? There is an underground cavern that underneath the building. No. There is sand and water underneath the building. This is part of an island with sand and water. There can’t be a cavern underneath this building,” she stood upright and snapped the fingers with a smile. “I know,” she stepped sideways and stood in the middle of the two set of groves, squatting down on both kneecaps, reaching out each arm and stretched out the fingers toward the set of two groves on each side of a body. Her fingers touched an outline of the first grove on each side of her body. She exhaled with a puff of determination with the new method of discovery.
This was the only way to experiment if the two separate set of groves activated something or someone or some place. She placed an index finger and a ring finger pad inside one deep indentation with a smile.
The room was silence without wind except for the continue cheering from the happy natives that yelled and laughed on each level inside the Social Tower building. All the walls were built of solid granite grains and solid stone without a viewing window. However, the wall that parallels the staircase is greatly sloped away from the fourth story ceiling like there could be an additional room inside the granite wall. She pressed inward all four finger pads at the same into the matching four groves with a grin. The room was sounded with the cheers of the happy natives on the upper floors of the building.
The wall slowly shook side to side in front of her nose bridge. A plume of heat coming up from the slow opening tickled her face. She gasped in alarm. The floor rattled side to side and then separated from the solid wall, creating a sideways entrance opening. 
Pelf dropped with a loud scream of fright down into the dark hole and landed forward on both hands, sliding down a sloped ramp of smooth stone with another scream of terror. Both hands hit a solid floor. Her body jolted forward into an airborne twirl that went sideways into the air, landing down on top of the stone on a back spine with a soft moan. Her eyeballs viewed the ceiling of tan colored hue and then a human face. The face was missing an eyeball inside the eye socket and an earlobe. She moaned with pain and closed both eyelashes, passing into unconsciousness over the heated smooth floor.
Inside the dungeon entrance, the bottom of the solid wall shimmied side to side. The edge of floor shifted forward. Then both edges of the wall and the floor connected like before without a sign of disturbance and first royal princess Pelf.


3rd floor level
Social Hall location
Interior setting
Spy trip of Strawn


Strawn elbowed through a crowd of dancing and stationary natives and stopped, standing inside the archway of the third floor room space. The Social Hall was four stories tall of tan twinkling walls with one-fourth of the wall in glass windows that showed off the bright sunshine and the bolts of yellow lightning strikes that streaked across the blue skyline in beauty wonderment. The room held rows of elevated lounge chairs without art work paintings or life-sized statues against the walls. This room used to hold a series of elevated lounge chairs for each royal female. Usually, all the female royals enjoyed gossiping in the dry air of the Social Hall while all the royal males enjoyed whispering in the heated air of the Bath Hall.
On a normal day, a chorus line of elegant dancers from the Kingdom of the Wind twisted and twirled around and around over the smooth floor in front of the rows of elevated lounge chairs, dancing to the soft music. Or a guard from the Kingdom of the Sun would march like a soldier between two flowing dancers as the guard twirled a silver tinted arm length vertical shaft up, down, and sideways like a baton out of sync with the soft music, but in a military routine in front of each glass pane.
Each row of elevated lounge chair stood upright at various heights in the air waves with a single female royal on top, sipping on a cold or hot beverage, gossiping about the latest event. The royal was dressed based on the current style of the royal court, a face patch. For hundreds of years, the face patch had dominated public speaking events and private secret chats which represented the sour breath of the tongue.
There was a fun party for all the natives of the Confederation that was being celebrated inside the Social Hall now.
Inside one wall corners, a set of amateur musicians were playing a set of drums with a happy face. Inside the other wall corner, a set of people were singing with more happy faces. In-between the musicians and singers, there were rows of naked people rested over the dirty floor and on top of each other while fucking a penis or a pussy to the beat of the loud drums and the loud singing.
On one side wall, a chorus line of males and females twisted and twirled around and around over the smooth floor to the drum music while stripping off a piece of clothing with a smile. Some of the older and younger males and females were completely naked and danced on top of the floor with giggles.
On the other long side wall, a row of semi-naked male and females marched and tossed the shaft into the air, ripping off a piece of clothing, tossing it into the air and then caught the shaft, before the clothing hit the floor with the drum music and the singer.
On top of each elevated chair, a male or a female stood upright and slowly removing a single piece of clothing exposing naked body parts as each piece of clothing item was tossed into the air and then landed on top of a skull or in a pair of hands. Around each elevated chair, a group of people danced and cheered for the male or female stripper with a laughs and smiles.
Strawn dropped open a mouth as his dick wiggled side to side inside the battle gear trousers in warmth and lust, seeing all the naked females, whispering into the face patch with a wicked grin to Cumberrun, before his princely brother came running back down to investigate the nasty scene, “Uh! I have arrived on the third floor. Uh! There are only rows of elevated chairs…”
He paused and listened through the tan colored cheekbone face patch to Cumberrun, who had ventured onto another floor.
Strawn gasped at the scene of the couple fucking each other with a wicked grin, “Uh! What is that sound in the third floor room? Can you really hear me through your face patch? Wow! That is amazing. You hear music through the face patch. Yeah! There are natives here dancing and singing and beating on drums and doing…”
Pause.
He sneered. “No! Do not leave the fourth floor and come down here, Cumberlynn!”
Pause.
“Is there a pretty seat on the third floor? What in the hell does that mean?”
Pause.
He quickly scanned each skull for the amber color. Each naked girl clearly was not Princess Teath in physical appearance or social graces. “O Yeah. Yeah. I understand now. No. I don’t see a ‘pretty seat’ in here on the third floor either. Look! I’m leaving and moving up the next floor. What is the next floor?”
Pause.
“What is wrong with me? Nothing is wrong with me. I’m moving up to…to the fifth floor.” Strawn back stepped with a growl and spun around within the crowd with a sneer, bumping ahead into pointy elbows and biceps, scooting through the wild and crazy natives of the Confederation with a whsiper for his eardrums only. “Those people are sick and demented savages. I don’t want to try to understand the royals or the people of the Confederation,” he moved off the hallway and turned to face the steps, climbing up through the wild crowd of natives with a growl toward the fifth floor.



Kingdom of the Fire

Baron Vetepurr and three daughters
   first royal Princess Pio
   and dead royal princess Mio and third royal princess Nio

Royal underground metal pits
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and partly clouds
Ground level brown colored soil setting


Teath continued to move ahead toward the grove of trees for cool shade while getting out from the heated sun, tumbling side to side in the long silk skirt and blouse over each dead body that rested over the entire flat brown dirt while stinking up the clean air waves with a foul odor. She jumped over the next body with a loud grunt and spun around with a coughing gag of stinkyness, back stepping from the row of dead bodies. The birds had landed on top of some of the bodies and picked out an eyeball, flying away with the tender meat into the skyline. Teath reached up with a gasp and covered the mouth from the gross scene, back stepping from the flying birds and the rows of dead people, tripping over both feet and landed on top of a new solid rock coated step with a gasp. “What? What is this? Where is this?” She spun around and leaned down at the waistline, peeking into the interior of a cave with a smile. “A cave. A cavern. A place is down in the ground, it looks cool and safe. No. Wait!” She reached over and touched the waistline with a gasp. “O no! Where’s my shaft? O no! My shaft, I dropped my shaft. It fell off my wet clothes onto the ground or a dead body,” she squatted back down over the dirt and reached out, touching each dead person, searching for the silver tinted rod with a worried brow and an ugly yucky sound. “Where is my shaft? Ugh! Cold blue skin is creepy and hard to the touch,” she stood upright and moved ahead to each dead person, squatting down and examined the body and the partial dry and wet clothing for the shaft. She stood upright with a worried brow. “I didn’t feel it. I didn’t find it. I don’t have it,” she reached up and slapped a forehead. “I left it behind inside the jettie. I forget to grab my shaft over my life. Harpy! My shaft is still captured inside the cockpit of the jettie, where it is underneath miles of ocean water by now. Harpy! I’m in major trouble now,” she slowly turned with a worried brow to scan the new landscape seeing the tall cool shade trees, the pretty blue sky, the flying flock of birds, and the bright yellow sun while feeling both sad and depressed. She dropped down on both kneecaps onto the dirt with a face of tears and yelled out loud so the dead people could hear. “Dead mother, I messed up big time. I left my shaft inside the drowned jettie. I don’t have protection. I don’t have my sister princesses. I don’t have you. I don’t have anything but misery. I am so scared and frightened. Dead mother, please help me!” She wiped the tears of pain, worry, and sorrow while slowly standing upright with a sad face, spinning around to face the open mouth of the underground cave with a set of mixed worried emotions, slowly climbing down the rock covered staircase, moving deeper down into a semi-darkness of the new shelter with lost hope.
She turned and scanned the enclosed walls of solid red rock without a stream of dripping water and a fire pit of heated flames. She gasped in alarm and continued to wipe the sad tears of fear and worry in silence. The cool underground shelter was a welcome relief from the bright sun and the salty air on the shoreline.
She stopped at the end of the staircase and turned with a worried brow to see the interior pit, an oval room of enclosed red rock. She whispered for her eardrums only. “Where am I? What is this place?” She closed both eyelashes and tilted a chin sideways hearing silence. “The dead do not speak here,” Teath opened both eyelashes and scanned the cozy grand living room space which could hold twenty individuals, spinning around to face a new hallway of more red tinted walls, moving ahead with a worried brow underneath an oval shaped archway and stopped at the open archway with a puzzled brow.
A single bedroom was made of copper mineral glowing in a set of pink tints as the copper illuminated the room with light and heat. The door was open.
Teath entered the room with a puzzled brow and stopped a few feet. Then the door closed and locked her inside the bedroom for the privacy moments. She strolled ahead and stopped, standing next to the messy bed with a confused brow, reaching down and touched the fabric. It was soft and pretty. She moved backwards with a grin and stopped, standing inside an open closet, hitting the items on the rack with a giggle. 
A wardrobe closet was filled on the rack with numerous long dark blue cloaks, a set of tan colored trousers, and many pairs of rough tan colored boots.
Teath spun around and back pedaled out the closet, ripping off the wet and torn silky long skirt and blouse along with her Pamburg battle gear. The battle gear was composed of leather which had shrink and torn during the drowning of her body and her jettie down inside the ocean water.
She reached out and pulled off one item at a time dressing in the neat-looking clothing with a gasp. Her chest was exposed without cover. She spun around in the slightly worn and patched dark blue tinted cloak, moving ahead toward, and stopped, standing in front of a tall chest of drawers.  She opened and pulled out the first drawer with a gasp. Part of the top of the chest surface cracked open, sliding out toward her breasts, exposing a flat piece of wood. On top of the wood, there were numerous columns of colored tinted individual face patches. “A drawer of face patches in every color and style! I had forgotten that the Confederation only communicates with a face patch, instead of tongue spit,” laughing. “I will steal one of each kind. I might need one or two or all of the face patches as a fugitive within the Confederation without food, shelter, love, family, and protection,” she collected one of each face patch and slipped the individual item down into the numerous pockets inside the interior of the blue tinted cloak, gently closing the drawer shut and looked back over a collar bone to see the closed door. She returned and continued to open each closed drawer finding a set of personal clothes and reached down, selecting the body cover over the chest. She gently closed the drawer with a smile and back stepped with a giggle, reaching down, grabbing the edge of the long blue tinted cape in one hand and spun around to face the door. She moved ahead without tripping over the hem of the long body cape, moving ahead with a smile and a hum toward the closed door.
The door detected and registered her individual body heat signature, sliding the door open for an exit.
Teath moved through the archway and turned, heading down the same hallway with a smile and a hum, dashing toward the rock coated red tinted staircase and stopped with a puzzled brow.


Hallway intersection setting


Teath slowly moved ahead and turned, slowly strolling down the center hallway of red tinted rock stone, passing numerous openings that were shaped in arches, squares, ovals, and rectangles pattern. It was the central hallway of the house for the workers, who were not home.
The Kingdom of the Fire landscape is composed of numerous underground pits. 
The underground pit is known as a pit cave which is a natural underground cavern of several miles that is predominantly a horizontal cave passage. Each entrance point runs flush with the flat hard ground in the neutral color of tan with a set of rock coated steps that does not require a metallic ladder or a piece of strong plant vine rope like the Kingdom of the Wind for ascend. The pit cave is made of thick layers of color hard rocks. The rocks are mined or chipped out from the wall. Then, the rock chunk is soaked in water until the individual pieces become a lump of soften particles that are lifted and then burned into another type of metal components for an airship to a cooking pot for all the natives of the Confederation.
There are six unique pit caves that represent the individual home residence for the natives from the Kingdom of the Fire, where the solid rock floor descended thirteen feet down into the earth. Within each pit cave, there are underground fresh water streams of water for drinking and a set of individual tiny cave rooms for a single individual. A native doesn’t have much of a family life, since one of the two family members dies from the burns of the fire or suffocate from the lack of oxygen. Thus, only the strongest metalists survive and thrive within the Kingdom of the Fire.
Within each underground pit, there is an individual cave which contains an individual fire pit. The fire pit has used for centuries as a ceremonial or celebratory occasion including a wedding where method primarily was utilized as an uncovered live-fire baking, which is a transitional design between the earth oven the food plates of mainly consists of raw dough bread, shellfish, vegetables, meat, potatoes, oyster clams, and other seafood pieces were heated over the rocks instead of hard clay or firebrick outdoor cooking.
The individual fire pit naturally descended bed of hot and heated rock down in the ground that is not covered but exposed. The sheet of rock protects the fire from the soil. The fire pit is made underground by digging and shifting rock which is similar to a modern day oven. The pit stays heated from the protective shelter of the cave roof from rain and sunshine elements and does not smoke with enclosed wall into a heated pile of ashes.
First royal princess Pio was a little shorter than her father with a tone of glowing white tinted skin from living years underneath the metal pits. Sunlight did not penetrate the landmass. Each mine worker wore a dark blue cloak that protected some of the skin from the flaring sparks of the hot metal. The underground pits were very steamy and very heated. A body could not dress in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death.
Thus, each male metalist wore a naked chest which allowed the heat to sweat off a heated face and body. A pair of loose trousers caught the set of flying metal sparks and burnt the loose fabric, not the tender flesh of the male. A pair of short heavy walking boots protected the feet that allowed the metalist to continue to work or not to eat. Each male wore a set of long hair on the sides of the face and down the back spine. If a piece of flying metal hit the hair strand, then burned off the group of hair strands, not the delicate face tissue. Thus, the hairy skull was marred in a series of pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the comb contained a blade. 
Each female wore a single band around the breasts for decency mostly. Some of the older female metalist went naked on the chest like the young males, since the chest and the breasts were deeply scarred beyond eyeball recognition, thus the long life of a metalist.
Each metalist worked with a pair of hands, not a mechanic ascension system of ropes or hooks that drops down a handful of softened rock particles down into a pit of burning cold flames of fire. If the metalist lived that long inside the underground pit without dying from metal poisoning or metal scar burns or metal shrapnel penetration.
Each female wore a set of loose trousers to catch the flying metal debris and save the legs which hang over pair of heavy walking boots for the care of the foot. Each female wore a set of long hair over the face and down the back spine which was additional protection for the human body from the tiny sparks of flying heated metals. However, each bone skull was burn-marred like each male with a series of vertical and horizontal pink tinted burnt skin that naturally parted the hair which covered the entire scalp.
If a metalist lost one foot or both feet due to the metal burns, the metalist was killed on sight. The metalist was put down to rest inside the after-light. The underground pits required working on a good pair of legs with a good set of feet. A limp metalist could not tote and carry a tube of heavy metal components or assist with a single vat of heavy metal liquid.
Baron Vetepurr was the owner of the all the underground pits as a head royal. He had one live daughter and two dead daughters in birthing order Pio, Mio, and Nio. Their metalist knowledge and skills required their full attention with a set of safety details for continuance of the metal component production which provided an assortment of metal parts for every mechanic item within the Confederation. Each daughter possesses an exposed and naked chest that was covered in a series of small to very large rusty colored
A tiny dull peek of white light white appeared on the side wall of red. A pink tinted small figure quickly emerged and grew into a tall object on the rock wall. Teath stopped and turned with a gasp to see the outline of a familiar female with sobs of tears of worry and happiness. “Dead mother, you are here with me. Thank you! Thank you so much for finding me. I am so lost and scared.”
The pink tinted figure of a female said to her daughter. “Yes, I was worried as well. I had to search for a little bit to locate you, live daughter. But you are found now.”
“Dead mother, I am so sorry. I messed up. I couldn’t get the jettie into the correct upright position for flying. It or I or we fly into the atmosphere. Then, we dropped down to the soil and drowned down in the ocean waters. I escaped from the drowning jettie.”
“I am so proud and pleased that you survived, live daughter.”
Teath moved ahead and touched the wall, feeling only the warm wall, not the figure of her death mother. She softly voiced with a red-tinted face of tears. “But, I lost or left my personal shaft behind. It is still on the floor or the ceiling of the drowned jettie. I am sorry, dead mother.”
“You are not to worry, live daughter. You are in the correct place for many, many personal events.”
“I…I am inside a cold dead graveyard. Does that personal mean that I am going to die? What is your outline shown as pink tinted, instead of lavender?”
The dead mother of Teath laughed. “No. You are not going to die. I am pink due to the red tint and my white aura have crashed and collided into this pretty hue. You are located inside an underground pit which is known as a pit cave, where a natural underground cavern of several miles forms a horizontal cave passage. Each cave mouth is naturally open without blockage and runs flush with the flat hard ground in the neutral color of tan with a set of red tinted rock coated staircase that does not require a strong plant vine rope like inside the Kingdom of the Wind for ascend or descend. You must continue running down to the fourth open archway inside this pit cave and then turn, dashing inside the enclosed large cave room. I will be there with you soon.”
Teath back stepped with a nod and wiped off the tears, turning to face the end of the hallway, dashing down the smooth red tinted stone with a stern face. “I have never been to the Kingdom of the Wind.”
The dead mother of Teath slowly moved along the rock stone with a sigh and a sad face. In her aether-form, she could fly very fast along any solid surface. “And you never will. The tall and beautiful shade trees that provide the tree homes inside the Kingdom of the Wind are burning down to the ground. After the fire is extinguished, all the trees will be burnt and dead.”
She ran ahead and turned gasped down at the cooking food. “Why for? What for? Who for? How for?”
The death mother of Teath sighed again with a sad face. “I don’t know why the trees are burning in the eastern wind. In here, the underground pit cave is made of thick layers of color hard rocks. The rocks are mined or chipped out from the wall. Then the rock chunk is soaked down in water until becoming a soften particle. The soft rock is burned into another type of metal components for an airship to a cooking pot for all the natives of the Confederation.
There are six unique pit caves that represent the individual home residence for the natives from the Kingdom of the Fire, where the solid rock floor descended thirteen feet down into the earth. Within each pit cave, there are underground fresh water streams of water for drinking and a set of individual tiny cave rooms for a single individual. A native doesn’t have much of a family life, since most of the individual family members die from the burns of the fire or suffocate from the lack of oxygen. Thus, only the strongest group of metalists will survive and thrive within the Kingdom of the Fire. Each metalist works with a pair of hands, not a mechanic ascension system of ropes or hooks that drops down a handful of softened rock particles down into a pit of burning fire.
Teath ran down the hallway with a stern face and turned into the new archway, slowly strolling inside a new enclosed cave room with a gasp. The walls were curved and enclosed like the bedroom cave room but the rear wall possessed a floor level running stream of flowing clear water. She stopped and stood in the middle of the new cave room, scanning the new environment with a confused brow. The pink outline of a female figure ran across the red tinted rock wall and stopped, standing right above the running low stream of water. Teath frowned. “There’s nothing here. Am I inside the wrong room, dead mother? I don’t see the machines to make me a new shaft.”
The dead mother of Teath laughed. “It’s time to eat! Are you hungry, my live daughter?”
She nodded with a smile, “Yes, I am hunger very much so. Where is the free standing oven or cooking stove top? The room is empty except for the stream of water on the floor on the forward wall. The rest of the walls show tall poles of plants or short stacks of raw meat. It looks funny. It looks dangerous. I might get sick eating some of the exposed food.”
The dead mother of Teath laughed. “It is safe. I promise. In the middle of the floor, there is a flush filling open pit of steam and heat. Move a little closer towards the cooking pit, live daughter.”
She looked down with a puzzled brow and scanned the stone floor with a gasp. “Yes, there is a hole in the middle of the floor. There are numerous plumes of white thin-looking steam coming up from the open hole in the middle of the floor. What is that?”
“Go to each side wall and prepare your food selection from the available items. This is the cooking pit or an earth oven. A cooking pit is a simple and ancient cooking structure within the world of civilization. An earth oven is an open pit that resides down in the ground, where all the elements are trapped and then heated and then baked, smoked, or steamed at the food. An earth oven has been used in many places and numerous cultures as a key sign of a human settlement. An individual fire pit is naturally descended bed of hot and heated rock down in the ground that is not covered but exposed. The sheet of rock protects the fire from the underlying soil in case of land fire. The cooking pit of fire rocks is naturally made when the shuffling soil exposed the rock. The pit stays heated from the protective shelter of the cave roof from rain and sunshine elements and does not smoke within the enclosed cave wall and leave a heated pile of nasty burnt ashes.
“I have all my selected food items, dead mother,” Teath spun around and marched to the open pit, toting two armfuls that consisted of numerous palm leaves and a variety of raw food items, stopping and squatted down near the open hole with a smile.
The dead mother of Teath smiled at the back spine of her daughter. “You have learned through eating the meal in the Pamburg Kingdom that all baked food is prepared over a machine with fire. Here inside the Kingdom of the Fire, a cup of water is tossed down into the cooking pit which will burn the molecules down into a steaming smoulder. All the food is placed on top of an earth oven and then covered to cook. The cooking pit is naturally composed of numerous fire-heated rocks. You must place water over the rocks to create moisture. Come to the stream and get a cup of water from the drinking water stream, live daughter.”
“Okay,” she stood upright with a grin and spun around, dashing ahead toward the water, squatting down, and reached out, grabbing one of the empty tall tumblers from a short stack with a smile. She reached down and dropped the tumbler down into the water, standing upright, spinning around, and moved ahead, leaving a visual trail of tiny water droplets over the floor towards the fire pit. She stopped and stood in place, tossing the water over the set of fire rocks into the pit with a smile. The steam filled the room and hit her face with intense heat. “Ouch! The steam is blinding my eyeballs,” she covered a hand over the eyeballs with a worried brow.
The dead mother of Teath stared into the steam with a smile. “That will pass. Now, place three very large palm leaves over the steaming fire rock which will be used like a pan to steam your food selections. The very large palm leaves will protect your skin.”
She reached out with the three palm leaves and touched the steam, dropping the leaves over the open pit with a scream and a sour frown, cuddling the wound. “Ouch! The steam hit my naked arm. I gotta a pink welt developing into a tiny red colored burn on my forehead.”
“That is part of cooking with a pit fire. Are you okay?”
She lifted and gently tossed each piece of food on top of the palm leaf with a sour frown “Yeah.”
“Cover all the food with another palm leaf over everything. The set of palm leaves serve as the pot in which the food is placed inside and then over the cooking pit. The pit cooking will take up to several minutes to cook a full meal, regardless of the dry or wet method used. A fire pit has been used for centuries as a ceremonial or celebratory occasion including a wedding like a baking oven. The metalists here inside the Kingdom of the Fire steam numerous dishes of dough bread, shellfish, vegetables, meat, potatoes, clams, and seafood which are all heated over the fire-heated rocks, instead of a hard clay soil or a firebrick outdoor cooking.
She reached out and tossed the single palm leaf over the food with a scream and a sour frown, cuddling the wound. “Ouch! The steam hit my naked arm again. I got another pink welt developing into a tiny red colored burn on my forearm.”
The dead mother of Teath smiled. “The three very large tree palm leaves will capture all the water moisture and trap the heat between the thick vines of the leaf.”
“How do you know this all, dead mother?”
“I have lived within the Aetherland for decades. This is called thief style cooking. Place all food chunks of the raw meat, fish fillets, and the vegetables on top of the green colored palm leaves.”
She obeyed her dead mother with a smile. “What part of the world is this gigantic green colored palm leaf location, Dead Mother?”
“It had come from the tiny island that you accidentally destroyed with the jettie.”
She frowned down at the cooking food and heard the sizzling of the meat juices, saying with a meek timber. “I don’t mean to destroy it.”
“It is okay. Things are meant to be this way.”
“I am so sorry, dead mother.”
The dead mother of Teath smiled. “It is okay. Go to the side wall and select a couple of the brown colored nuts.”
Teath stood upright from the floor and spun around, racing to the side wall, stopping, and selected a couple brown colored nuts, spinning around and advanced back to the cooking pit on the floor, “I got two brown colored nuts.”
“Place the couple of brown colored nuts on top of the palm leave!”
“both nuts are round-shaped. They will both fall off.”
“No.”
Teath squatted down and slowly reached out with a naked arm, tossing the two brown colored nuts on top of the palm leave with a gasp as a plume of white heated steam tenderly burned another tiny pink tinted welt on the other arm. The nuts dropped on top of palm leaf. She cuddled the wound and watched the two nuts with a set of light tears from the pain. The two nuts expanded and then split open with a soft pop. The brown juice burst and settled in the idle of the single green leaf. She gasped in alarm. “What is that?”
“Use the empty tumbler and hold it near the edge of the green leaf. Then gently touch and drop the edge of the leaf towards the open mouth of the tumbler while gathering some of the brown liquid.”
“Why?”
“You will see.”
“Okay,” Teath extended out the empty tumbler towards the edge of the leaf while the plumes of hot blinding steam flooded a face, both hands, the hair with heat. She reached out and touched the edge of the green leaf while feeling the heat with some pain on her finger pads. The leaf bent downwards which caused the brown liquid to slip down into the tumbler and over her naked hand. Teath loudly grunted in pain and jerked away the tumbler.
“Now, slip on the brown liquid.”
She swiftly back pedaled from the cooking pit with a gasp and looked down at the tumbler with a worried brow. “No. It might kill me. I am not a native of the Confederation.”
“You are part of the human race like a native from the Confederation or a villager from the Pamburg Kingdom. Take a small sip of the brown liquid!”
She sat down on top of the heated floor in puddles of her own sweat and stared at the tumbler of brown liquid. “No. I will burn my tongue.”
“Blow inside the tumbler with the breath and then sip on the brown liquid.”
She gasped in alarm, “What for? Why for? How come?”
“You will see.”
She frowned. “I see too much. I see too much steam, heat, and sweat. I am sweating with water,” she lifted up a hand and wiped off the water over a heated face with a sour frown.
The dead mother of Teath smiled at the back spine of her daughter. “The liquid has cooled. Taste it now!” Teath exhaled with a puff of annoyance at the tart order from her dead mother, slowly drawing the tumbler to the lips, blowing on the liquid and sipped a taste, jerking back the tumbler with a smile in silence. The dead mother of Teath smiled at the back spine of her daughter. “It is a beverage which is called coco.”
She licked the sweet liquid from the lips with a smile. “It is very good.”
“You are food is almost ready.”
She gasped down at the cooking pit of steam. “How do I get my food off the cooking pit without burning my arm, dead mother?”
“Very carefully!”


11th hour (late-morn)


Pamburg Kingdom

Home of dead King Conic and his wife dead Queen Shemerry
   and thirteen dead princesses
     and single live and breathing Princess Teath

Warm temperatures and windy with bright sunshine

Prince House location
Second floor level
Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six apartment setting


On top of the bed, Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-Six continued to sit and tap on top of the metal screen, examining each group of royals with a gasp of alarm. “I have found the genetic trait of the first Pamburg King, since the beginning of the Pamburg Kingdom. I knew it. I felt it. I am and I do possess the unique dominate trait. I am the true heir of the Pamburg throne. I have visually examined each set of royals within both the Confederation and the Pamburg Kingdom. No other royal possess my single and unique dominate trait which I only exhibit. My biological mother is clearly the princess from the Kingdom of the Wind. I possess a set of long legs and a set of slender fingernails but I had been conceived with a head of blonde hair which had been altered into amber colored locks. I don’t know who my biological father is, since my personal blocks of DNA had been altered and then transplanted with the set of ancient genes that came from the first ancient Pamburg Kings. I am the real deal,” he slid off the bed and stood upright with a grin, spinning around with a loud cheer and a smile, completing the circle and stopped with a nod. “I am it.” He gasped in shock. “Wait! I’m getting a brain fart here. Each Pamburg squire is impotent like me coming from the nasty single genetic alternation process. Before that, an unaltered fetus comes out from the pussy of a Confederation princess which has been impregnated a fucking Confederation prince who refused the mature baby. Thus, each Pamburg native is really a reject from each Confederation princess within the Confederation. Each one of us does not know our real mother or our real father. Thus, each native is indirectly a princess or a prince in real life, a couple of generations removed. Within the Pamburg dynasty, the king is selected to rule based on an ancient and old custom, the Prince Walk. After I had failed the Prince Walk and refused the kingship, I had lived inside one of the many unnamed villages.
“My children did…do not favor me with the amber hair or the amber eyeballs. My children were…are dancers and artists. The entire village was…is composed of dancers, artists, and writers. My son was…is an artist. My children are not dead. I am dead. His hand drawings were…are beautiful, elegant, incredible gifted. My daughter is a dancer. My wife is a singer. Wait! Where did all the young babies come from?” He gasped with worry. “The other night, the River Rat speed boat with the Confederation princess came from one of the other kingdoms, where she was pregnant with a viable fetus. That fetus had been removed from her vagina and then placed down into a clear bottle. Now, that bottle is being heated or incubated until it grows into a full-size baby. Then, the baby will be placed with a rejected royal prince within one of the many villages to rear until a lovely adult. This was me and my young life as a young prince, too.” He growled in angry and frustration of his old happy life as a loving family man.
“There is a batch of new baby princes and princesses that was conceived about nine months ago which came from all these bitch Confederation whore-princesses. After the new Pamburg king and the queen marry in more days, there will be a new group of fourteen baby princes and fourteen baby princesses. This is the reason for my recall back here in the Prince House as a new lowly squire. I am to help raise the fourteen new bratty royal males,” he looked down with a stern face at the arm patch. “Where is that science building that holds all the bottles of fetuses from each bitch Confederation princess?”
The voice of the arm patch number three on his lower forearm droned for all eardrums. “There is a squat and short glittering crystal stone building between the gator nests and the snake pits, where a speed boat is the fastest transport to avoid the wildlife dangers. The access to the building is extremely dangerous on foot or by beast. Inside the interior of the building, there is a science laboratory room that holds, monitors, and grows all the developing fetuses inside a clear and heated bottle. The bottle is the size of a newborn babe. When each royal princess and each royal prince is fully grown within the bottle, all the full grown royal babes will come here to the Gate Tower for delivery. The princesses will remain inside the Princess House.”
He exhaled with a huff of worry. “No. Yes. No. A new batch of full term fetuses is ready for delivery inside the Prince House now. That means a new batch of bratty newborn princes and princesses is coming here today or tomorrow. No. I will be replaced as the newly discovered Pamburg King. I am the real heir to the kingly throne. I must stop the flock of new prince and princess babies right now,” he stood in angry and scanned the tiny apartment room. The room was a small perfect square of four walls. The entrance wall displayed a single door in the middle of a wall of crystal stone. Since, both the gates and the fence were composed of crystal rock also. The Prince House with all the separate living apartments was composed of the same mineral. It was easier to haul and transport a chunk of crystal rock and then dig out a single hole for a doorway of the new living quarter rather than block the rock together. The walls of the room were both translucent shiny and smoothly polished from centuries and centuries of previous squires, who gave a shit about the royal duty.
He spun around with a sneer and dashed ahead as the body signature activated the closed door.
The door closed shut.
He ran down an empty hallway and turned at the wall corner, sliding to a halt and a gasp.


Entrance glittering crystal closed gates 
Delta water location
Confederation river barge setting


The lead river barge of seven water craft from the Kingdom of the Lakes halted and bobbed side to side in the warm ocean waters in front of a pair of closed glittering crystal made gates that kept out all invaders and the unwelcomed visitors into the Pamburg Kingdom for centuries. The lead boat rocked side to side as each queen slowly left the command room and then stopped, standing on top of the heavy water transport.
Inside the steering room which was the command center of the upcoming war, the adult and teen male royals continued to stand around the map table with a stern face, staring down at the image.
Amoywane, the king of the Kingdom of the Snow wore a purple tinted dangling face patch earring on one earlobe and stared down with a smile at the holographic map with an excited heart and an active mind of victory. “The fleet of barges has arrived in front of the gates of Pamburg. What is the plan, Kung?”
The Kingdom of the Sand, Imperator Kung wore a purple tinted dangling face patch earring on one earlobe and pointed down with a smile at the hologram map over the command table inside the steering room of the river barge. “This is the layout for most of the Pamburg Kingdom. I photographed it to memory some eighteen years ago when I had first visited Conic. The mountain castle is surrounded by a series of shallow winding swamps. The only entrance onto the ground soil of the mountain castle is by waterway. Conic and Shemerry will be high up in the top dome which overlooks a placid fresh water lake. They stay there during the days to watch over the princesses.”
Quinastine, the count of the Kingdom of the Lakes wore a purple tinted dangling face patch earring on one earlobe and sneered down at the holographic map. “We must attack them first.”
Marquise Fallacious from the Kingdom of the Wind was a poet of love poems who enjoyed freedom as a royal and his wife as a royal ruler and wore a purple tinted dangling face patch earring on one earlobe and stared out the side open window inside the steering room with a smile. “No, it is not necessary. The princesses are all dead and buried based on the oracle. We will attack the Prince House only. All the princes must be eliminated right now. Then we invade the kingdom, taking all the natives as our hostages and then to use an abuse our slaves,” he cheered with the other male natives.
Baron Vetepurr of the Kingdom of Fire did not wear a purple tinted face patch earring and frowned down at the holographic map. “How will our brave lads get into the mountain castle from here on the river barge? We don’t own a set of speed boats or row boats for water transportation through the open gates and steered onto the ground soil of the mountain castle.”
Kung nodded as the earring shook side to side in amusement of the war. “They must dive a body down into the Delta waters and then swim underneath the river barge without being seen by the electronic spying eyeballs of each prince. Each prince is assigned to guard the gates throughout the day and the night. Then each royal will emerge up through the other side of the open gates, climbing up the gate and into the Prince House. The princes never leave the house until the queen has been crowned.”
From the Kingdom of the Sun, Princelet Zitgestum stared out the open window with a confused brow. “When is the crowning event of the new queen? Is it today?”
Duke Allakon from the Kingdom of Land displayed a tall and muscular body frame with a head of neatly cropped light brown hair with a set of bangs over both eyebrows. His face was unshaven with a light dusting of light brown hairs around the jaw line, the lips, and both nose holes that greatly annoyed his wife Duchess Torgeezus. His eyeballs were colored in hazel with tiny specks of gold that flared with angry. Allakon was the Duke for the Kingdom of the Land and wore a purple tinted dangling face patch earring on one earlobe. “It is never! You heard the oracle inside the Assembly Hall. All the princesses are dead.”
Kung smiled down at the map, “That statement still needs to be confirmed, my fellow royals!”
The words from a purple colored face dangling earring echoed into each eardrum of every royal queen, king, prince, and the other natives from the Confederation. “We are ready, Kung.”
Kung looked up and turned to face a side glass window view which showed the majestic black-purplish tinted shortest mountain inside the Pamburg Kingdom, pointing at the object with a smile and a nod for all eardrums, saying back into the purple colored dangling earring which matched the rest of the natives. “Now, we wait and watch for the moment. Haildrameme and all the other queens are ready to begin the play.”
On the same river barge in front of the purple tinted dragon head, a horizontal row of queens stood upright and tall with a smirk, wearing the same purple tinted forehead tiara face patch and a pair of matching dangling earrings for communication and drama, where each colored face patch would talk back and forth to each male royal, who was located inside the steering cabin of the first river barge.
From the Kingdom of the Sand, Imperatoress Haildrameme faked the smile and as her pair of purple colored dangling down face patch earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara both twinkled in bright sunlight, where each queen and king could hear each other’s words of whisper. She was tall and slender with a head of white hair, a tone of yellow skin, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a crooked nose, standing first in line on one side of the dragon face in regal height, wearing a one-sleeved tight fitting dress of golden tint that represented the leadership of the Confederation.
From the Kingdom of the Land, Duchess Torgeezus smiled and as her pair of purple tinted dangling face patch earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in bright sunlight. She was a woman of average height with a head of black hair, a tone of red skin, and a pair of brown eyes, standing upright between Imperatoress Haildrameme and Marquee Jennessee, wearing a dark green colored strapless fluffy plantation dress which hid the legs.
From the Kingdom of the Wind Marquee Jennessee stood in a short red colored party dress with a pair of red spiked heels and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in the sunlight. She stood with a slender and tall body frame with a set of buck teeth, a head of long blonde hair, and a pair of blue eyeballs on a tone of pale skin, standing between Glay and Torgeezus.
On the opposite side of the dragon face, from the Kingdom of the Sun, Princeletess Glay smirked and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in sunlight. She was a head taller than the rest of the queens and possessed a tone of dark skin tint, a pair of aqua colored eyes, and a head of black hair, standing beside Jennessee and Ylangling in a pair of long black colored ankle-length gown.
Ylangling, the Queen of the Kingdom of the Snow faked a smile and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in sunlight. She was tall and possessed a tone of peachy skin tint, a pair of green eyes, and a head of black hair, standing beside Zorachina, wearing a gown of blue.
Zorachina, the Countess of the Kingdom of the Lakes smiled and as, her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in sunlight. She possessed a muscular body frame with a tone of pink tinted skin, a bald skull bone, and a pair of green eyes in a pink tinted ankle-length gown.
Haildrameme lifted and reached out with the flat tip of her personal silver shaft, hitting the exposed green colored button that was housed inside a square box of silver next to the seam of the crystal glittering gate for communication into the Gate Tower. She had remembered coming to the science building about seventeen years ago when she fucked around for fun with each male teen royal during her stay at the sand castle for royal lessons at the Royal Academy too. She never reached ou and touched the green button but she had noticed it during her trip from the sands to the swamps of the Pamburg Kingdom. Only the River Rat captain of the small seed boat would reach out and tap the button communication his presence. On top of the deck of the river barge, Haildrameme gently tapped the green button as it lighted with approval. 


Prince House location
First floor level
Gate monitor Room
Interior setting


The single river barge was decorated in front with a gigantic dragon face which completely covered and secretly disguised the steering house and the natives on the water craft for both fun and terror. A person could not see beyond the pair of wide purpled colored eyeballs, the dull orange metal painted skin on the cheekbones, and a pair of red tinted metal ear points. A constant plume of white steam blew down from the two orange colored nose holes, fogging the front of the boat with more terror.
Inside the control room of the Gate Tower, there were two people at all times who were responsible for manning the twin crystal glittering gates. The twin gates protected the entrance into the Pamburg Kingdom. For centuries, the set of twin gates only operated by fourteen teenage princes coming from the king and the queen of Pamburg. For centuries, the twin gates only opened by a flat palm coming from each prince on top of the steel molded control panel.
The older Pamburg squire rested flat down over the clean floor on a back spine and extended up both arms and a face inside the open cabinet door, working on the delicate wiring inside one of the monitor stations with a series of soft curses. If he was a betting squire, which he was not, then the squire would have guessed that the young sixteen-year-old Prince Cumberrun had tampered with this particular monitor station, since Cumberrun liked to annoy all the squires and caused major and minor trouble among the young princes all at the same time. He stopped working the hands and studied the new set of numbers for the correct message.
On top of the long counter which contained the gate monitor station, it was his turn to man the Gate Tower, while the other princes finished the morning breakfast meal. He would eat a little later after all the princes had finished the meal, since some of the meaner and taller princely brothers liked to eat his meal plate or would make him eat the food without a fork and a spoon but with a naked face. Prince Octan slowly stood upright from the chair at monitor station with a gasp and pointed at the front viewer window with a puzzled brow. “Squire, what is that on the viewer screen? Who is that on the viewer screen? Is that really a…a monster on the viewer screen?”
The squire continued to rest over the floor with a stern face and fiddled with the inner guts of the bot while performing a set of visual and manual hand checks of the mechanic equipment. Equipment was made of metal that rusted, corroded, and broke, if Cumberrun was around. He chuckled with a smile. “Do you see an ugly black and orange colored monster on the viewer screen, prince? I think you need a break, Octan.”
Octan frowned at the viewing screen. “The monster is purple and red hues of color, not black and orange. Have you ever seen a black and orange monster here in front of the closed crystal gates, Squire?”
The squire slowly stood upright from the floor with grin and studied the frontal viewer window with a gasp and a worried brow. “That’s not a monster. That’s a dragon head which is really a decorated river barge that comes only from the Kingdom of the Lakes.”
“The water craft comes from the Kingdom of the Lakes. What is a dragon head decorated river barge doing here in front of our twin gates? What does it want? What do we do? I have never seen a river barge before. It has a dragon head on the front. Is that real piece of animal?”
“No. Dragons are not real and do not really live within the Pamburg mountain range. Even though, Prince Cumberrat tells a tale tail. The dragon head is a silly design in colored purple mineral metal which lounges on the front of the river boat for terror and hides the sailing crew.”
Octan gasped. “What crew of ocean boat sailors? Why are they and their water craft right here in front of the twin gates? What do we do now?”
On the front of the river barge, the white steam floated up into the blue sky and out toward the blue water, revealing a set of six women.
Inside the control room of the Gate Tower, Octan jabbed a finger and a gasp at the front viewer screen. “Look there! I see something. Is a person? What is that? There are six persons. Who are they?”
The older and wiser squire gasped in shock at each face on a queen that came only from the Confederation. “Go and fetch Squire Number Fifty-Six, now, Octan!”
Octan turned and sneered at the nose profile of the older squire. “I am Prince Octan to you, squire.”
The squire ignored the silly princely teen and stared with alarm at the screen with a worried brow. “Go and get him, right now! This is not good, where we have a visitor in front of our gates which access our kingdom. Hurry, Octan!”
Octan laughed. “No boat or person or seat creature can get through the crystal gates. We don’t have to do squat, Squat,” he made fun of the squire’s name like Cumberrun always did, where Cumberrun never received punishment for the slick and nasty comment.
On the front of the barge, a tiny flesh of green colored slime swiftly departed from one of the eyeballs of the dragon and accurately hit the small shiny button on the buzz box of the crystal gate. She smirked and then shouted and as, her words echoed into the tiny box on the gate and into the control room of the Gate Tower. “Good morning, I am Imperator Haildrameme from the Kingdom of the Sand. I am here on top of the beautiful Delta waters. But I would guess that you are wondering about my visitation this beautiful morning here…”
Octan jabbed a finger with a gasp at the viewer window. “How did she do that? What happened? I saw a tiny flesh of green. Was that slime?”
The squire stared with a stern face at the screen. “It was an f-bomb from green gooey metal. It hit the button on the buzz box, so she could communicate with us.”
Octan gasped, “Communicate with us? What for?”
The squire turned and growled at the nose profile of Octan. “Now, hurry! Before, I have to open the gates for Imperator Haildrameme…”
“What for? Why ever? She is not a native or a princess of Pamburg.” Octan gasped at the squire.
The squire continued to stare at the viewer screen with the river barge with a worried brow, “Go now and hurry up, Octan!”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m going. I’m going and leaving right now,” Octan swiftly back stepped from the monitor console and quickly spun around with a gasp, dashing ahead and exited the control room with a yelling voice of worry, “Squire, come here! Squire, come here! There is a…”
The door slid closed.


***


On top of the dragon-decorated Confederation river barge exterior deck, Glay sneered with a whisper through the common purple tinted dangling earring, where everyone heard the words while staring at the closed gates. “Stop rambling, Haildrameme! Order them to open the gates, now. I wanna see inside the kingdom. I heard that it is lush and pretty like paradise.”
Ylangling faked a smile and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings twinkled with the whisper at the closed gates. “She is displaying her regal and royal diplomatic tact which Glay doesn’t possess. Haildrameme is the fox that is running around a circle scattering its odor into the winds, where the pack of vicious dogs will get confused and will no longer follow the scent.”
Jennessee faked a smile and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings twinkled with the whisper at the closed gates. “If I continue to stand out here on top of a wobbling steel deck in the bright sun, I will fall eventually down into the water. Hush up, Haildrameme!”
Ylangling laughed with a smile and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings twinkled with the whisper at the closed gates. “Then, you will be eaten by one of the many yellow gators. Go for it, Jennessee! Your days are numbered anyways as the head dancer of the Kingdom of the Wind.”
Haildrameme sneered at the closed gates of glittering crystal, “Quiet, royals! I cannot here the rambling when you are babbling too loud,” she cleared a throat with a loud sound and a fake smile at the hidden camera on the side of the gate.


***


Inside the Gate Tower within the control room, the tiny speaker box continued to speak with the lovely soprano voice of Haildrameme. “Thanks for listening to my adventure, sir! My visitation, I have heard a nasty rumor which I cannot believer. But here I am. I am here to confirm the deaths of the queen and her little princesses. I have that right as set by the treaty from…”
The control room door slid open. The squire gasped with shock at the viewer screen.
Octan rushed inside first and assumed the same chair at the monitor station. Behind his ass, all the young sixteen years old princes but the missing ones dashed ahead inside and stopping, scattering around the room in an upright pose with a puzzled brow in front of the monitor station with a set of soft groans and loud gasps. Then a set of older squires raced inside and stopped, standing in different spots, staring at the screen with a gasp of worry.
Squire Number Fifty-Six entered last as he was one of the elder squires and stopped, standing in the middle of the screen with a gasp of worry in silence.
Squire Number Forty-Five jabbed a finger at the viewer screen with a worried brow and a hook nose. “That is a river barge that comes only from the Confederation. What is it doing here at our doorway? It does not have permission to float down there…”
“Release some of the gators through the gates! The vicious creatures will enjoy the lovely queenies and all their royal bloodline.” Squire Number Thirty-Seven was the tallest and meanest of the squires laughed with a wicked grin.
Squire Number Fifty-six slowly moved ahead and spun around with a sigh and a worried brow to see the crowed room of other squires without the young teen princes. “I am so sorry to inform to all my brothers right here now. The queen has been murdered…”
Squire Number Forty-six possessed a tone of amber tinted skin, a head of amber colored hair, a pair of amber tinted eyeballs like his other princely brothers and squires plus a set of dumbo earlobes which could fly them to the moon and back down here on the planet. “Now, there’s a traitor among us.”
Prince Octon possessed a set of dumbo earlobes which could fly them to the moon and back down here on the planet and shook the skull with a stern face. “I am afraid not. No. There is not a traitor among us, squires here within the Pamburg Kingdom. But a spy has come out from the Confederation. That is reason for the river barge and the nest of river weasels.”
Squire Number Forty-one nodded with a head of long curly head of amber colored hair. “There is no traitor among our brothers.”
Prince Ashebull nodded with the same head of long curly head of amber colored hair. “We are brothers.”
Squire Number Thirty-nine wore a tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which was located at the same hairline with a sour frown, “There is no spy from the Confederation. However, the queen has been murdered inside the princess play room.”
Prince Estill displayed the same tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which was located at the same hairline with a stern face. “That place was where the Princess Walk was held the other morning.”
Squire Number Twenty-five possessed an obvious facial feature of dark tinted rounded freckle spots and exhaled with a huff of worry at the viewing screen and the river barge. “And the princesses are dead along with the queen.”
Prince Wesuckie displayed the same facial feature of dark tinted rounded freckle spots with a worried brow at the screen. “How did that happen?”
Prince Lopeeco possessed an aristocratic nose. “There is a traitor.”
Squire Number Fifty-six shook a skull with the same aristocratic nose with a stern face. “There is a spy.”
Squire Number Twenty-one was tall and slender, shaking a skull with a stern face. “I don’t know why. However, there is bigger concern which affects each one of us and the natives within the Pamburg Kingdom. This circumstance was set up a long before our births. If the king and the queen are dead, then the Pamburg Kingdom can be challenged…”
Princes Neave was tall and slender with a worried brow. “What for? We are not a slave or a servant to the Confederation. They can’t come inside here for any single reason but death,” he reached over and grabbed, lifting a shaft near a sneer.
Squire Number Sixteen possessed a cleft chin with a worried brow. “Actually, a representative of the Confederation is invited to verify the deaths of the king and the queen…”
Prince Vinton displayed the cleft chin with a worried brow. “How did she-from-the-Confederation know this? See? There is a spy here among the brotherly squires in the Prince House.”
Squire Number Forty-seven displayed average height and weight with a stern face. “I cannot address that. We don’t have time. She is a representative of the Confederation. So, she can come inside to verify a dead king and a dead queen at any time or at any day or at anyhow.”
Prince Vinton was average height and weight with a worried brow. “Why? What for?”
Squire Number Sixty-Four was one of the shortest princes with a skinny body frame like Octan and a sneer. “I have personally discovered that the king and the queen are dead inside the princess throne room…
Squire Number Nineteen was one of the tallest princes with a muscular body frame and a sneer. “The gators got them. I had warned numerous times about the seeping swampy water between the cracks of the mountain castle.”
Squire Number Fifty-one displayed a set of buck teeth “No. They were murdered by someone, who carried a shaft.”
Prince Boykin showed the same set of buck teeth with a nod.  “A prince did it then.”
Squire Number Sixty-four exhaled with worry. “No, I don’t know.”
Princes Tantum was one of the tallest princes with a muscular body frame and a sneer. “How did she-from-the-Confederation find out about the deaths of so many like the king, the queen, and the princesses? So you are the spy. You tell she-from-the-Confederation.”
Prince Estill was one of the tallest royals with a muscular body frame and a snarl. “Don’t be a numb! We all here are brotherly princes. We don’t tattle tale like a three-year-old child. We don’t communicate with she-from-the-Confederation. It is obvious. I see it too. There has been a murder committed here. The murderer has left the trail of bodies and invaded the Confederation with the juicy secret.”
Squire Number Fifty-six exhaled with more worry. “No, I did not. No, I can’t answer that. However, she-from-the-Confederation can come inside. I will escort her to see the dead king and the dead queen. However, we are safe, sorta. Within the princess throne room, each princess is dead, except one. The single princess is missing.”
Prince Gasper possessed a crooked nose. “So, there won’t be a war.”
Squire Number Thirty-two displayed the same crooked nose with a stern face. “That is correct. As long as a king and a queen of Pamburg Kingdom come from the ranks of the teen princes and princesses, the kingdom is safe.”
Prince Neave displayed a set of long fingers and a pair of lean legs with a sneer. “Where did that death rumor come from?”
Squire Number Forty-eight displayed the same set of long fingers and a pair of lean legs with a snarl. “The murderer? Who is this murderer which has killed the king and the queen and all the princesses?”
Squire Number Fifty-six exhaled with more worry. “I don’t know. But, I suspect that the murderer murdered the king and the queen. But the smarter and surviving princess has escaped from the kingdom.”
Squire Number Forty-eight showed a hook nose with a sneer. “Then let ‘she-from-the-Confederation’ inside, we will feed her to the gators for challenging the ugly rumor.”
Prince Tantum shared the same hooked nose with a sneer and a nod. “I agree.”
Princes Boykin was tall and slender in body type with a loud sneer and a nod. “I concur.”
Squire Number Forty-six was tall and slender with a snarl and a nod. “I wish it.”
Prince Lopeeco was one the tallest royals with a muscular body frame with a loud sneer. “And I watch it.”
Squire Number Fifty-nine frowned at the screen and said to the queen. “I thought that were sevens queen from the Confederation, Imperatoress Haildrameme.”
On top of the barge, the voice of Haildrameme said through speaker box which loudly echoed throughout the room of the Gate Tower for all eardrums of each squire. “You are so kind, Squire. One queen died during the birth of her first child. Thus, there are only six of us.”
Inside the Gate Tower, Squire Number Fifty-Six reached down and pressed the button with a stern face. “I understand, Imperatoress Haildrameme. Based on the ancient treaty between our two great nations, you have the right to see the Pamburg queen and each royal princess regarding an ugly rumor about deaths to verify for yourself. Please stand by! Hold onto something on top of the barge. I will open one side of the gate. There might be a high wave or two which would be generated by the metal mechanics of the gate movement. Once the gate is opened and stationary, I will be sending a team of three row boats for your party of six. You can descend down from the deck of the river barge and then enter a single row boat in twos. Then the row boat will steer you and your party directly toward the ground soil of the mountain castle, where you will see the truth of the ugly rumor of deaths. Thank you for your patience!”


***


On top of the Delta waters, one of the gates sounded with a squeal of metal pain and then slowly shifted inward as numerous ocean waves formed and splashed from the water, on the sides of the river barge, and finally onto the deck of the barge, soaking a few naked toes of the queens.
Haildrameme faked a smile into the hidden camera on the gate which was displayed inside the Prince House and sneered with a whisper through the common purple tinted dangling earring, where everyone heard the words while staring at the closed gates. “Do not move! We are tough minded and tough royal, queens. Continue to stand in place! A little water isn’t going to hurt you. Once we stay moving, your feet will dry off.”
Jennessee frowned down at her feet and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings twinkled with the whisper at the closed gates. “But a little water will harm my delicate leather sandals.”
Glay sneered with a whisper through the common purple tinted dangling earring, where everyone heard the words while staring at the closed gates. “Shut up, Jennessee!” Jennessee shuffled side to side as both shoes filled with salty ocean water.
The shifting crystal designed gate slowed the pace and then halted inside the rippling salt waters as a set of numerous large and high sea waves continued to bat the sides and the deck of the river barge along with the naked feet of each queen.


Prince House
Airship platform location
Exterior hallway setting


One of the older squires was standing guard in front of the deck of airships, since the airship was the only transport down from the Prince House unless you decided to jump down from the platform and dive down into the waters with the gators. Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six slowly moved ahead to clearly see the older squire and the line of airship, skidding to a halt again. There were only thirteen airships on top of the platform, not fourteen. Each prince was supposed to fly down the ground soil of the mountain castle inside an individual airship while the king wished that one or two f the airship would crash and burn, eliminate a prince or two.
So that made perfect sense now. The Prince Walk had been cancelled for some unexplained reason by the eldest squire.
Squire Number Thirty-six understood. One of the sixteen-year-old princes had died which was probably by the shaft of Prince Cumberrat, who was the vilest and wickedest teen royal among the fourteen princely brothers. He would not be surprised, if Prince Cumberrun had killed one of the other weakly princes.
However, under the new kingly reign of Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six, Prince Cumberrun would be captured and executed immediately for the princely murder death and the fearful revolt from the tall and strong prince.
The squire slowly moved ahead with a fake smile toward the elderly squire and did not stop, reaching out and jerked the shaft from the belt loop, sliding the weapon behind the leg trousers, pressing the flush button. The rod of the shaft slid open each tiny compartment and exposed a set of individual tiny blades that had been hand crafted and molded into a long rod during the cold flame process inside the Pamburg mountain.
The older squire dashed ahead from the row of airships with a worried brow and a yell toward the younger squire. “Has there been more news?”
“Yes, I am king,” Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six whipped the shaft from the leg and neatly sliced through the throat muscle of the older squire with fury and ease of angry. The skull separated from the upright body and soared through the air waves, hitting the floor, rolling a few inches, and then halted. The upright body of the dead squire stood a few seconds longer to face the younger squire and then slowly slumped forward, landing down onto the chest with a loud thump into a draining puddle of his own blood.
Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six back stepped with a distorted face from the dead body and the puddle of blood, scooting next to the body, squatting down. He removed the oversized jacket and wrapped the bleeding open hole on top of the collar bone of the dead squire, reaching out and dragged the heavy body over the floor and toward the last airship on top of the outside deck platform. He could not leave a dead body for the pair of eyeballs from another squire. One of the squires would investigate and figure out that Squire Number Thirty-Six was missing from the Prince House which would interfere in his new grand plot as the new king.
He continued to drag the dead body of the squire while leaving a bloody trail of fresh blood splatters toward the airship and entered through the open archway, sliding, and stored the dead body in the rear corner of the ship. He stood upright with a laugh at the headless body and reached down, grabbing, snatching off the bloody jacket while back stepping with the object in the air. He spun around and marched off the ship toward the severed head, squatting down, wrapping the bloody jacket over the skull of the dead squire, standing upright with the head and entered through the archway, moving toward the rear wall corner, and tossed the skull near the dead body of the squire and exhaled with the first of many tasks. He spun around and whipped out the shaft, moving out the ship and stopped at eh edge of the ramp, surveying the blood splatters. He ignited a button on the bottom of the smaller tip which produced a set of small fiery flames when the numerous tiny steel blades rubbed together inside the tiny rod. A short and hot flame appeared on the bigger tip.
He leaned down and tapped the blood splatter with the hot flame. The single blood protein immediately dried into a tiny pile of dull red hue. Then, the light breeze blew from the north over the exterior platform and swept the dry pile of blood away from his body and his eyesight. 
He slowly continued moved down a trail of blood splatters from the dead squire and tapped each blood splatter with the hot flame on top of the shaft, repeating the process until each visual blood splatter was gone from a pair of naked eyeballs. There was always dirt and dust from the environment that cause the hallway and the external deck to appear slightly dirty. Then one of the squires or a misbehaving young prince would clean off the external deck.
He stood upright with a laugh and turned, scanning the long hallway that led around the wall corner and into the main hallway, where all the squire apartments were located. There wasn’t a single older squire or young teen prince available.
His new plan had worked out beautifully.
Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six spun around and dashed ahead with a laugh, entering through the archway, sliding down into the pilot chair of the cockpit, slamming both hands over the flat glass console with a smile. No other young prince or older squire would notice the airship missing until later in the morning. It was only nine o’clock in the early morning. The rest of the young princes were eating breakfast which was always a fun event to witness. The juvenile teens enjoyed tossing food items at each other. Or the group of taller and meaner princes would force the set of shorter princes to eat with a set of lips and a face down into the individual meal plate which had been the princely ritual for centuries. The older squires would enjoy the silly sight. The other squires were performing housekeeping duties inside each princely apartment. A group of young boys kept an apartment room worse than an angry bear.
Now, he planned to end the reign of young unknown and genetically altered Pamburg princes and princesses while claiming the kingly throne for his person only.
On top of the external platform, the stolen airship ignited into power. The walking ramp slid back into the flat floor of the ship. The hatchway door slammed shut. The airship slowly lifted from the external platform and slowly flew away from the outside deck platform of the Prince House, steering toward a single building of glittering array of colors that was the mysterious and mystical science building.
At the science building, Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six would barge into the building interior, track down, and then destroy all the bottle of newborn fetuses without worry. Then, he would come back to the Prince House and declare his royal reign as the true heir to the throne chair of Pamburg Kingdom.
He flew the airship and roamed both hands over the flat glass console with a laugh and a nod. “I alone only possess the unique physical trait.”


12th hour (mid-day)


Kingdom of the Fire

Baron Vetepurr and three daughters
   first royal Princess Pio
     and dead royal princess Mio and third royal princess Nio

Royal underground metal pits
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and partly clouds
Cave room setting


The Kingdom of the Fire landscape is composed of numerous underground pits.
The underground pit is known as a pit cave which is a natural underground cavern of several miles that is predominantly a horizontal cave passage. Each entrance point runs flush with the flat hard ground in the neutral color of tan with a set of rock coated steps that does not require a metallic ladder or a piece of strong plant vine rope like the Kingdom of the Wind for ascend. The pit cave is made of thick layers of color hard rocks. The rocks are mined or chipped out from the wall. Then, the rock chunk is soaked down in water until the individual pieces become a lump of soften particles that are lifted and then burned into another type of metal components for an airship to a cooking pot for all the natives of the Confederation.
There are six unique pit caves that represent the individual home residence for the natives from the Kingdom of the Fire, where the solid rock floor descended thirteen feet down into the earth. Within each pit cave, there are underground fresh water streams of water for drinking and a set of individual tiny cave rooms for a single individual. A native doesn’t have much of a family life, since one of the two family members dies from the burns of the fire or suffocate from the lack of oxygen. Thus, only the strongest metalists survive and thrive within the Kingdom of the Fire.
Within each underground pit, there is an individual cave which contains an individual fire pit. The fire pit has used for centuries as a ceremonial or celebratory occasion including a wedding where method primarily was utilized as an uncovered live-fire baking, which is a transitional design between the earth oven the food plates of mainly consists of raw dough bread, shellfish, vegetables, meat, potatoes, oyster clams, and other seafood pieces were heated over the rocks instead of hard clay or firebrick outdoor cooking.
The individual fire pit naturally descended bed of hot and heated rock down in the ground that is not covered but exposed. The sheet of rock protects the fire from the soil. The fire pit is made underground by digging and shifting rock which is similar to a modern day oven. The pit stays heated from the protective shelter of the cave roof from rain and sunshine elements and does not smoke with enclosed wall into a heated pile of ashes.
First royal princess Pio was a little shorter than her father with a tone of glowing white tinted skin from living years underneath the metal pits. Sunlight did not penetrate the landmass. Each mine worker wore a dark blue cloak that protected some of the skin from the flaring sparks of the hot metal. The underground pits were very steamy and very heated. A body could not dress in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death.
Thus, each male metalist wore a naked chest which allowed the heat to sweat off a heated face and body. A pair of loose trousers caught the set of flying metal sparks and burnt the loose fabric, not the tender flesh of the male. A pair of short heavy walking boots protected the feet that allowed the metalist to continue to work or not to eat. Each male wore a set of long hair on the sides of the face and down the back spine. If a piece of flying metal hit the hair strand, then burned off the group of hair strands, not the delicate face tissue. Thus, the hairy skull was marred in a series of pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the comb contained a blade.
Each female wore a single band around the breasts for decency mostly. Some of the older female metalist went naked on the chest like the young males, since the chest and the breasts were deeply scarred beyond eyeball recognition, thus the long life of a metalist.
Each metalist worked with a pair of hands, not a mechanic ascension system of ropes or hooks that drops down a handful of softened rock particles down into a pit of burning cold flames of fire. If the metalist lived that long inside the underground pit without dying from metal poisoning or metal scar burns or metal shrapnel penetration.
Each female wore a set of loose trousers to catch the flying metal debris and save the legs which hang over pair of heavy walking boots for the care of the foot. Each female wore a set of long hair over the face and down the back spine which was additional protection for the human body from the tiny sparks of flying heated metals. However, each bone skull was burn-marred like each male with a series of vertical and horizontal pink tinted burnt skin that naturally parted the hair which covered the entire scalp.
If a metalist lost one foot or both feet due to the metal burns, the metalist was killed on sight. The metalist was put down to rest inside the after-light. The underground pits required working on a good pair of legs with a good set of feet. A limp metalist could not tote and carry a tube of heavy metal components or assist with a single vat of heavy metal liquid.
Baron Vetepurr was the owner of the all the underground pits as a head royal. He had one live daughter and two dead daughters in birthing order Pio, Mio, and Nio. Their metalist knowledge and skills required their full attention with a set of safety details for continuance of the metal component production which provided an assortment of metal parts for every mechanic item within the Confederation. Each daughter possesses an exposed and naked chest that was covered in a series of small to very large rusty colored skin burns.
Inside one of the cooking caves, Teath was average height and weight standing upright on top of the rock cave floor of red tint and possessed a head of amber colored hair, a pair of amber colored eyeballs, a tone of amber tinted skin, wearing a long and patched dark blue cloak over a naked chest, a pair of tan colored ratty trousers, and a pair of rough tan colored boots, holding in both hands the three wet palm leafs as the meat juice dripped over the floor. She stared with a smile at her dead mother, who glowed on the rock red tinted wall as pink tinted tall object without a face, a pair of arms, and a set of legs.
The dead mother of Teath smiled at her live daughter. “Take the remaining food…”
“I ate all the food. It was really good, dead mother,” Teath burped out loud.
She smiled down at her live daughter. “I am glad that your tummy is happy and full. We have work to do. Take the wet palm leaves to the far corner and stuff them down into the wooden barrel.”
Teath spun around and dashed ahead with a smile, stopping, and stood in front of a short wooden barrel with a sideways slot, stuffing each leaf down into the hole. Her dead mother smiled. “The wet leaves will decay and then be spread over the old dead leaves, which in turn creating new life.” She finished stuffing all the leaves down into the open slot and back stepped with a smile away from the stationary wooden barrel, wiping off the wet food stains from both hands over the dark cloak and spun ahead, running ahead. Teath swung around the curved entrance archway and dashed down the same hallway, chewing, and swallowed the last of the food and turned into the new archway, slowly strolling inside the enclosed cave room with a gasp. The walls of the cavern were curved also, where the rear wall that held a running stream of flowing water. She stopped and stood in the middle of the new room. The lavender figure ran across the rock wall and stopped, standing above the running low stream of water again. Teath frowned. “This cave enclosure location looks like another cooking cave.
“It is another cooking cave. Go to the next cave, my live daughter!”
Teath raced out the room with a smile and swinging around the curved wall corner, dashing ahead, and turned into the next room with a smile, moving ahead inside a few feet and stopped, scanning the new room. “How do you know that it is different?”
“I have been living within Aetherland for a long, long time.”
Teath frowned. “Where are the mechanisms of machine? Where are the heating elements? Where is the soldering station?  Where is the electrical power source? Does the sunlight ray come through a cave? I don’t think so. Where are all the circuitry and cables? Where is the tank of chemicals?”
She smiled. “There is only needed a vat, which sits on the floor in the middle of the room in front of a large hole, where you can’t see the interior of the hole.”
Teath moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the round vat, reaching out and lifted the lid with a gasp. “The vat contains nothing.”
“Look over to the side wall! There is a line of wooden posts that contain tiny plants. Pick off the plants
Teath turned to face the wall and moved ahead with a smile, stopping, and stood in front of the wooden posts, reaching out and picked each plant with a confused brow. “Why am I picking a handful of tiny plants?”
“A handful of the tiny plants are needed for the carbon dioxide which reacts with the rock pieces.”
Teath frowned. “What rock particles?”
“Go to the any other wall and pick out a handful of chipped out colored rock, there are numerous pieces of hard rock. Both the natural cave rocks and the plant roots will heat and then explode together and then burn into a blazing fire.”
Teath back stepped from the line of wooden posts with a smile and turned to face the entrance wall, moving ahead, and stopped, squatting down, reaching, and gathered a handful of red tinted rock pieces also with a smile. She stood upright and spun around, moving back to the vat that sat on the floor.
“Place all the rocks and all the plant roots down into the vat and then mix them together at the same time.”
Teath stopped in front of the vat and continued to hold both the rocks and the plants separate inside each cupped palm with a worried brow, “Really?”
“Really!”
“Now?”
She frowned, “Now! The rocks and the plants will heat enough to create a fire.”
Teath frowned down at each handful of objects and then the empty vat. “Why?”
The dead mother of Teath continued to project a pink image on the red tinted wall with a great sigh. “Place the rock pieces into the open vat with the pieces of plant roots first. Then, carry the vat and place down into the burning pit of fire…”
“No!” Teath gasped in fear. “I will catch on fire and burn to death. There is not soldering iron or a hand tool that is used to work with the blazing fire. Where is one of the stationary stands? The station stand contains a hot iron for baking and a wet sponge for cleaning. Where is the hot air gun, the vacuum pickup tool? Where is a pair of soldering tweezers and the soldering iron allowing for cuts of fabric and foam materials without worry of fraying or beading? Where are the following items, such like, a protective helmet, a pair of protective gloves, and other protective clothing?”
The dead mother smiled at the back spine of Teath. “Take off the long-sleeved cape, the pair of trousers, and the boots! Expose your naked body in the air waves! The cold flame will not burn but provide extreme heat during the shaping process.”
Teath gasped. “Do you really want me to take off all my clothing? I will be standing in here naked and cold.” Teath reached down and touched the dried food stained clothes. “I am not wearing my battle gear underneath the clothing.”
“Your battle gear is not needed here inside the Confederation, since it is very unique. If a Confederation native sees your black leather battle gear outfit that comes from the Pamburg Kingdom, then you will surly die.”
Teath exhaled with a puff of worry and squatted down, placing the handful of rocks and plants on top of the warm rock floor, standing upright and swiftly undressed all her clothing with a worried brow, “Harpy! I almost died in the drowning airship inside the ocean waters. Now, I’m going to burn to death with flames. Are you certain that I am supposed to live here on the planet, dead mother?”
She smiled. “Yes! I am very confident. The burning fire inside a vat produces a cold flame with a maximal temperature of ninety-nine degrees to the hands, where the chemical reaction with the air, the water, and the rocks produces very little heat to the touch, pretty colored light to the eyeballs, and a little carbon dioxide like a tiny plant into the nostrils. Each cold flame fires into a desirable and beautiful array of color depending in the color of the softened rock that was mined from the pit wall. The first baron within the Confederation accidentally tripped and dropped down into a hidden underground pit cave, extending both hands as a pair of wigging fingers landed into a mixture of fire and rock over the hard surface, which didn’t burn his fingers or would ignite a tossed of tree branch twig. The fire continued to burn with an external ignition source, such like, a hot material. Cold flame is detected by an eyeball inside the semi-dark and semi-cold underground pit cave but the flames are blinded to the eyeballs in visible daylight sunrays.”
Teath continued to stand with a worried brow at the pile of clothing, the pile of rocks, the pile of plants, and small vat. “How is this done?”
The dead mother of Teath yelled with a grin. “Do it now, live daughter!” Teath squatted down and gathered the rocks and the plants, scooting ahead towards the vat with a worried brow, tossing both items down into the open pot, back pedaling from the upcoming explosion. The dead mother of Teath exhaled. “The temperature depends on the size of the rock and the amount of oxygen, and the amount of the flame. The flame starts out with spectra of several pretty tinted bands that are thinned out and then one is dominated by the color of the rock. So, the pale blue flame rose into the ceiling.”
Teath back stepped further from the explosion coming from the vat with a loud scream of worry. “Ah! There is a blazing fire inside the cave, dead mother.”
She smiled. “No! It is excitement of the chemical reaction of the two ingredients of rock and the plants. It will cool down immediately. Wait a few more seconds!” The high plume of pale blue flame swiftly descended back down into the vat. She smiled at the vat. “A cool flame starts instantaneously when the softened rock is dropped down into the vat of plants which produces tiny bits of carbon dioxide. Place the lid over the vat. Count out loud from one, two, and three!” Teath reached over and lifted, placing the lid with a worried brow. The dead mother of Teath smiled at the vat. “The two minerals burn and boil, flaming up a high plummet of brightly colored fire, thus the temperature doesn’t change, but the flame glows in a pretty due light that was ease on the eyeballs. The set of flame molecules burn up all the gas of poisonous carbon dioxide in the air waves which affects a pair of healthy lungs and then breaks it down into safe invisible oxygen molecules, so you can breathe through the molding process. Then, the cold flame is birthed, so you can reach down and touch with both hands a set of the soft rock particles and mold it into anything shape. Then, after it is shaped, you lift the shaped figure and place it down inside the cool flowing stream of water. The heated steam will rise into the air. Then, the shape figure is permanently formed forever.”
Teath stared down at the vat with a smile. “Wow!”
“Now, you are ready for the next step. Lift and place the vat down into the fire pit that is built underneath the cave floor.”
Teath gasped in fear and turned with a worried brow to see the naked walls. “No! I will get a flash burn coming directly from the rays of light from the hard rock that comes from the inflamed fire which will burn my corneas or my retinas or cause me blindness. Where are the goggles and the helmet, and the gloves for my skin protection?”
“There are no such devices.”
“No!” Teath gasped. “The large fire pit on the floor contains a burning deadly fire to my body which is hot.”
She smiled. “No! It is cold to the touch. Go over and touch it!”
“No! It is hot, dead mother.” Teath looked down with a worried brow at the vat and the hole in the floor.
“The hole in the floor is like the cooking oven inside the cooking cave. The hole is to hold the heated vat of rocks and plants. Go over and look down to see the interior of the hole in the floor, live daughters!”
Teath exhaled with a puff of worry and slowly moved ahead, stopping, and stared down into the hole in the floor with a gasp. She squatted down and reached out with a smile, touching the hole in the floor. “It…it is cool to my touch. The interior of the hole is composed of pretty shiny silver tinted metal.”
She smiled. “The hole in the floor captures all the overflowing remnants of the cool flame coming from the molding process and then hardens down into the rock surface. The hole in the floor keeps the walking rock floor safe and warm as the natural cool flames flow underneath each underground pit, which is the home of all the metals within the Kingdom of the Fire. Now, you understand the new of the kingdom within the Confederation.”
Teath nodded with a smile. “Yes, I do understand now.”
“Now, you understand that you will not be burned into a crisp. I am your loving mother. I would never harm you. You are my child and will revenge me when the time comes. Place the vat inside the hole in the floor. You must start the molding process.”
Teath stood upright from the floor and back stepped with a smile over the items over the floor, squatting down and grabbed the vat that contained the rocks and the plants. The vat was not heated but cool to the touch. She moved ahead with a grin and stopped, squatting down, leaning over and place the vat down into the silver tinted metal fire pit. There was not a reaction from the vat and the metal.
She smiled, “Very good, live daughter! Now, open and remove the lid from the vat. Place both hands down into the vat! You must start to work on the molding process.”
Teath leaned down and removed the lid of the vat, placing it over the warm rock floor with a sigh of worry, reaching down and closed both eyelashes for the upcoming pain to her body, dropping down both hands into the fire with a gasp. “It is cold.”
She smiled. “It is called cold flame. Now, work both your naked hands and shape the soft smooth liquid rock into the shape of long rod first. You are going to manipulation the cool metal into a rod body with both your hands. The smooth rod is the part of the shaft which is twirled by your hands.”
Teath worked both hands with a grin and a giggle while splashing some of the cool flame over the side of the vat. The silver tinted liquid drained down and hardened from the oxygen molecules onto the shiny metal inside the hole in the floor. “Can my shaft be personally designed?”
“No, not really! Each rod is the small hue of silver which comes from the cool flames but with a range of different thickness and length.”
“I wanna an ebony rod appearance with a set of blue tinted knobs on each end.”
“The top is called the ball. It is slightly larger for balance. The bottom is called the tip. You will create that those items first. Shape out a metal tip. The tip is oval shape with a center pocket for a tiny or large blade. However, you are a novice. You do not have the hand skill for that delicate creation on each tip of the shaft. Inside the rod, you can add one or two individual slots which will contain an individual tiny sharp or jagged or serrated blade down into each newly created open hold.”
“I am molding my tips.” Teath laughed. “How long do know when I am done?”
“When you see the shape that you desire is perfectly fitted.”
Teath laughed. “Then, my new personal designed shaft will be a deadly weapon for me.”
She said. “The shaft contains two tips on each end that remains onto long thin rod for the life of the weapon. The tips are not interchangeable. One is bigger than the other for balancing while tossing and twirling the shaft. Most of the time, a metalist will shape the tip in one of the array of forms. There is a triangular face, a thick conical face, an oval face, a mushroom face, and any other rounded faces which are performed by a more talented metalist.”
Teath gasped. “I am not a metalist.”
She laughed. “The two tips keep the rod from rusting while beating your opponent bloody.”
Teath frowned, “Dead mother! What? How? I mean I have never done this. How long is the shaft supposed to be, dead mother?”
The dead mother of Teath smiled and stood upright in a pink outline on the red tinted wall below the stream of running water. “The length of the shaft will vary Forger by Forger. Hold out your arm even with the floor!” Teath extended out a full arm ever with the hard rock floor in the air with a giggle. Her dead mother smiled, “The shaft should fit snuggly underneath the armpit and stop at the end of your middle finger. I would guess thirty-three inches in length would work very well for you, live daughter.”
She continued to mold the cold flames liquid into a horizontal rod with a smile. “Okay. I got it now. How long will the process of molding a new shaft take me, dead mother?”
“You are a novice at this new type of metal work. It will take you a few hours.”
Teath continued to handle the cold flames with a gasp. “I don’t have a few more minutes, dead mother. The original and unknown natives from the Kingdom of the Fire will return back home to the underground pits today and then find and kill me as I mess around with the fire pits.”
The dead mother of Teath laughed. “I would not worry about the original and unknown natives of the Kingdom of the Fire. They are having a good-time party in the tan colored sands near the ocean waters at the Kingdom of the Sand. You will have plenty of time of mold your metal work, take a nap, and workout with your new shaft before they all return. You will not see any particles of individual brass shavings or cleaning of dangerous chemicals. Your hands are right now absorbing all the non-heat. And both your hands will not corrode like a metal and stay clean all the time. Rub and stretch and bend the soft rock into the desired shape and then braze the particles together. The concept of brazing is a metal joining process, in which two or more rock metal items are joined while shaping the rock. A major advantage of brazing is the ability to join the same or different rock metals with considerable more strength and endurance, especially during a killing. The fire inside the pit will heat the solid rock and it make is become softer and more pliable. When it crosses the air molecules, it will become very thick and tough solid.”
Teath frowned down into the thick silver tint goo. “It feels sticky honey-like consistency inside my hands,” she exhaled, “Harpy! You keep mentioning that concept of cold-blooded murder.”
The dead mother of Teath frowned. “You need to work faster with your hands. Or the rock particles will harden in the air and caress out the design that you not desire, in this instance a rod. The Forger killed me, live daughter.”
“Yeah!”
“Brazing a rock metal differs from welding a piece of hard metal in that it does not involve melting the work pieces and from heat soldering in working with a set of higher temperatures of fire and heat while fitting pieces and parts of the rock much like when soldering.”
“That’s nice, dead mother!” Teath lifted both hands with a worried brow into the air with a gasp. “Ah! Harpy! Both of my naked hands are now silver tinted, dead mother. The exterior skin of my hands, my wrist bones, all the way up to my elbows has changed or morphed or transformed from the famous Pamburg amber hue into silver tinted...”
The dead mother of Teath smiled at the silver tinted hands of her live daughter. “Except for that, I am sorry, live daughter. You had created a thermal reaction within the rock and the fire which had affected your hands. The outer skin of the metalist absorbs from the carbon dioxide from the first. But, the rock particles do not eat away at the skin. You are permanently colored for life.”
Teath exhaled with a puff of annoyance and twirled both hands around in the air. “I can’t do anything about it now. I need a shaft for protection,” she dropped both hands back down into the vat of silver tint and washed the arms up to the elbows in the cool flames, making the shaft. As Teath worked with the cold flame in the nude, each individual or pair of colorful flaring spark of the hot metal launched coming directly out from the vat and then deeply burned down into her amber tinted skin as she softly yelled out loud. However, she continued to mold the rod and embedded a couple of empty slots for a tiny blade tip. She was not a metalist but a teenager.
The dead mother of Teath smiled at the back spine of her live daughter. “Each underground pit is very steamy and very heated. A live working body could not be dress in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death.
Each female and male metalist works with a naked chest which allows the heat to sweat off a heated face and a sweaty body, if the metalist lives that long inside the underground pit without dying from metal poisoning or metal scar burns or metal shrapnel penetration. If a metalist loses one naked foot or both feet due to the metal burns, the metalist is killed on sight. The metalist is put down to rest inside the after-light. The underground pits require workers with a set working on a good pair of legs and a pair of good feet. A limp metalist cannot tote and carry a tube of heavy metal components or assist with a single vat of heavy metal liquid.”
On the floor, in front of the vat, a stray piece of flying soft metal hit the amber colored hair strands on Teath. Then, a section of her hairy skull burned off and slapped down into her delicate face tissue as each portion of burned hair strand dropped down over the rock floor. She screamed out loud from the shock and the pain but continued to mold the shaft for her protection. Teath continued to work with a pair of naked hands, not a mechanic ascension system of ropes or hooks that dropped down a handful of softened rock particles down into a pit of burning cold flames of fire. The hair, the hairy skull, and the front body parts of Teath slowly burned and then marred in a series of light pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the hair comb that contained a sharp blade. 
Teath lifted one hand and wiped off the sweat from a face, removing a section of her amber colored hair, dropping down the cupped hand into her eyeballs with a gasp and a worried brow. “O no! My hair is falling out! I’m swiftly going bald. My amber color is falling out from the heat and the sparks of the fire that keeps hitting my skull.”
“It is a little sacrifice for a long life, live daughter,” the dead mother of Teath smiled down at the marred body of her live daughter. Now, her live daughter would be unrecognizable as a Pamburg princess while living and thriving within the Confederation lands, which will save her life, so Teath could seek revenge against the mysterious Foyer, who had ended the life of her mother at the age of sixteen years old.
Teath tenderly held the sections of burn hair strands with a set of tears of sadness. “I guess so.”
“I know so,” she smiled. “Keep working on your shaft, my live daughter! You have a few more hours of work on the shaft and then screwing the tips onto the shaft. The final and last process, you will cool the heat down by placing your new shaft with the two new tips down inside the stream of running water. Then, the warm air molecules and the cold water will solidify the shaft into a weapon for my revenge,” laughing.



Kingdom of the Sand

Home of Imperator Kung, his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
  and two daughters first royal Princess Pelf
    and second royal Princess Nixie

Tan beach with streaks of yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and blue sky

4th floor level
Dinner Hall location
Four solid walls and numerous eating tables
Interior setting


The Dinner Hall was four stories tall and contained a set of four solid walls, where a pair of eyeballs could not see the outside blue sky, only the plate of food or the annoying royal next to them. The layout of the room held a single long eating table that held fourteen chairs, one for each paired royal of each kingdom within the Confederation. There were six chairs on each side with a single chair on each square shaped end for Imperator Kung and Imperatoress Haildrameme during a royal social dinner. In front of one single vertical eating table there were three horizontal eating tables that held seven chairs which represented each category of birthed teen royal from the first to the third. During the nightly dinner meal, the head of the table sat first royal princess Pelf on the first table and her sister second royal princess Nixie on the second table. The third table was empty, since Imperatoress Haildrameme only had two royal children.
Against each wall, there were long counters that held all the different and delicious trays of food, where a servant would attend and then serve to the sitting royal during any mealtime.
Around the four long eating tables, there was a set of square shaped four-person tables for fun and a series of tall two-person tables for privacy.
Cumberrun turned to the side and exited from the single staircase with a sneer and continued to shove a body side to side from his foot path with his brute strength and a loud growl while scanning each female face for Princess Teath. His eyeballs would instantly spot a girl with a long amber colored hair and skin. He stopped and stood inside the archway with a gasp.
This was the dining room with a set of trays of food in every color and every smell. He sniffed the air with a smile and moved ahead, forcefully shoving an open foot path towards one of the side walls that held numerous food trays of steaming meats of white, brown, black, red, and tan.
He didn’t care what animal had been sacrificed for his stomach, stopping, and reached down, grabbing an empty plate, moving down the table of food trays. He alternated eating from the platter of food with a set of fingers or piled a heap of food onto the empty plate with the same set of fingers, stopping at the end of the row, reaching out and grabbed a cold beverage. She spun around with a smile. Every table, chair, and the dirty floor section was occupied by a hunger native. He didn’t mind only his stomach cared.
The tan colored cheekbone face patch tingled on the whisker of Cumberrun underneath the silky scarf. He continued to move ahead and slowly twirled around, leaning an empty spot on the wall while chewing the food, “What?” He swallowed the food and ate another bite, chewing.
He paused and listened to the tiny voice of Strawn on the other side of the face patch.
He chewed. “Yeah, I’m here,” he swallowed the food and ate another bite, chewing.
Pause.
He chewed. “Yeah, the room is very crowded,” he swallowed the food and ate another bite, chewing. 
Pause.
He chewed, “Naw! I am seeking the pretty seat,” he swallowed the food and ate another bite, chewing.
Pause.
He chewed, “Naw. Nothing’s wrong with my voice,” he swallowed the food and ate another bite, chewing.
Pause.
He swallowed the food with a smile, “Yeah. That’s a good idea, Strawnella. You go ahead and take a look on the fifth floor. I will be awhile here. Then, I’ll go up and take a look at the sixth floor. I should be done by then looking around each plate…space on the fourth floor,” he swallowed the food and ate another bite, chewing.
Pause.
He chewed, “Out!” He swallowed the food and ate another bite, chewing, and moved ahead, stopping by the food tray, piling more food onto the plate. He had to continue the search for the misplaced Princess Teath. Or the princes of Pamburg would be going to war for something or nothing. He didn’t really understand the purpose of war, only death. He slowly moved ahead and chewed the good food with a loud burp, shoving a body side to side towards the single staircase.


1st floor level (near the scrub forest of grasses and trees)
Secret room setting


On top of the cool floor, she wore a pale yellow ankle-length dress which nicely blended into her pale skin as the first royal princess of the Kingdom of the Sand and continued to rest on the back spine with a set of closed eyelashes and a soft moan, coming down from a tumble onto the dungeon floor and down into a mysterious new dungeon level. A set of rough hands reached out and gently touched her soft clothing and then her soft naked skin. Pelf slowly shuffled side to side with a soft groan of pain coming from the long fall down a sloped smooth ramp of solid sand grains, where she tumbled sideways and eventfully landed sideways, falling back down onto the back spine.
Her eyelashes blinked open and shut from a set of bright artificial lamps that were embedded into the tall ceiling of tan hue.
“Ee fun ugr?” The soft voice of alto with a tongue of sour breath blew against the eardrum of Pelf.
She groaned loudly with a puff of pain. “Ugh! What? Did you say something, Mom? Dad? Nixie?” Pelf sat upright and bent at the waistline with a gasp of alarm at the new room.
The room was the length of the building coming from the edge of the sloped staircase inside the dungeon with a very high ceiling of bright artificial lamps, where the four solid walls glittered in tan hues. There was not an outside window to see the blue ocean water or the blue sky or the yellow lightning bolts or the green tinted palm trees. Against every inch space of the wall, there was a single or double sized vertical shaped cot, where a person could sit or sleep that contained a set of rough and repaired colored soft blankets and a few pillows. In the middle of the large room, there were semi-crooked rows of creatures.
Pelf slowly scanned each creature without speaking but mentally thought of that descriptive word.
Each creature was shaped differently in terms of height, weight, skin tone, hair color, and numerous missing body parts. Some of the creatures appeared to be young like a toddler or a child. Some of the creatures were mature, such like, a young adult or an older adult. But each creature stared back at Pelf in wonderment also. The younger creatures stood in front of the taller creatures while swaying side to side with a set of soft giggles.
Pelf exhaled with a puff of worry and slowly stood upright, standing on top of the solid tan colored floor. She realized that the very large tall and side enclosed room appeared like an underground basement space that was hidden directly underneath the kitchen space which was very odd inside her neurons. Her parents were the rules of the Kingdom of the Sand. They had never mentioned a dungeon or a basement or a flock of creatures.
For several minutes, the flock of creatures and Princess Pelf stared at each other in silence.
Then, one the youngest creatures stepped forward with a smile of missing teeth between pair of deformed lips, wearing a head of red colored long hair, moving ahead towards Pelf, stopping, and stood in front of the dirty skirt of Pelf. She hid both arms behind a back spine and swung an arm towards Pelf while extending a single hand of three fingers with a thumb which held a red colored flower. She didn’t have a second arm on the other shoulder socket.
Pelf looked down with a gasp at the little creature-child and then the pretty red tinted flower, squatting down onto the floor on both kneecaps with a smile, extending both her arms and accepted the flower from the young creature-child with a nod. The creature-child giggled with a soft purr and reached out, hugging the neck of Pelf with a grin, pulling back with a purr sound. Pelf giggled with a smile.
More of the younger child-creatures limped or hobbled toward Pelf and carried a different colored flower with a pair of deformed lips and a set of missing front teeth also. Pelf accepted each flower and reached out, gently touching the cheekbone of each young child-creature with a smile while studying the young children of the creatures.
Then, the rest of the older creatures exhaled with a set of nosily sighs and then slowly moved ahead, stopping, and surrounded Pelf. The set of younger creatures sat down at the feet of Pelf with a giggle. The older creatures continued to stand and reached out, gently touching the extended arms, the two hands, the hair, the nose bridge, and the other complete body parts on Pelf.
Pelf didn’t move but studied each creature with both intrigue and sadness. Each creature appeared as a half-human species with a set of numerous missing body parts. Some of the creatures did not possess one arm and one leg and one eyeball and one earlobe. The other creatures did not display a head of hair. All the creatures did not stand upright like a man or a woman but was folded down at the waistline or slightly humpbacked coming from a deformed back spine. Each creature appeared healthy and communicated with a set of loud or soft grunts of musical sounds to each other and into the pair of eardrums of Pelf.
Pelf did not understand the set of loud and soft grunts of alphabetic sounds but continued to softly talk to each one with a smile. The more she talked than the more the creatures grunted like each one was examining her instead.



Pamburg Kingdom

Home of dead King Conic and his wife dead Queen Shemerry
   and thirteen dead princesses
      and single live and breathing Princess Teath

Warm temperatures and bright sunlight

Prince House location
Gate Monitor room
Interior setting


Between the waters of the two Great Oceans, there existed a set of numerous continents. One of the largest was not named but was composed of numerous vast kingdoms with an individual ruler. The alliance of the kingdoms was called the Confederation. Near the top of the vast continent, there was the separate, isolated, and vast Pamburg Kingdom.
The Pamburg Kingdom rested on the opposite end of the large land continent and far away from the rest of the Confederation nations by geographical land grab from the ancient ancestors, centuries ago. To mark and measure off the land property of the Pamburg Kingdom, the natives had built and currently maintained a curvy fence with a pair of twin gates. The semi-curvy and ugly high fence was one-third of a long section with an array of multiple crisscrossed shiny and glittering colorful crystal rock bars, running up, down, and sideways, creating a continuous fence in front of the Delta waters that kissed the mountain range dirt on the southwestern side.
On the northeastern side, the fence ran to the edge of the landscape and stopped at the Delta water line.
The fence plus the two gates kept the visitors out and kept the natives inside by choice. There was a set of two matching gates of multiple crisscrossed matching crystal rock bars that only opened outward by a single hand print from each royal prince coming from the current ruling royal pair King Conic and Queen Shemerry.
Currently, the fourteen royal princes lived inside a set of two separated living quarters that was connected by a single central hallway in the middle of the twin gates. Each Prince House was located behind one crystal gate. Each royal prince served as a protector of the gate and the kingdom of Pamburg with a life force of duty and honor.
The Prince House almost matched the height and the length of each tall crystal gate, allowing each royal prince a separate apartment of privacy and loneliness until it was time for the Prince Walk.
During the Prince Walk, one of the royal princes would survive and become the next king of the Pamburg Kingdom.
On top of the Delta waters, one of the gates sounded with a squeal of metal pain and then slowly shifted inward as numerous ocean waves formed and splashed from the water, on the sides of the river barge, and finally onto the deck of the barge, soaking a few naked toes of the queens.
Haildrameme faked a smile into the hidden camera on the gate which was displayed inside the Prince House and sneered with a whisper through the common purple tinted dangling earring, where everyone heard the words while staring at the closed gates. “Do not move! We are tough minded and tough royal, queens. Continue to stand in place! A little water isn’t going to hurt you. Once we stay moving, your feet will dry off.”
Jennessee frowned down at her feet and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings twinkled with the whisper at the closed gates. “But a little water will harm my delicate leather sandals.”
Glay sneered with a whisper through the common purple tinted dangling earring, where everyone heard the words while staring at the closed gates. “Shut up, Jennessee!” Jennessee shuffled side to side as both shoes filled with salty ocean water.
The shifting crystal designed gate slowed the pace and then halted inside the rippling salt waters as a set of numerous large and high sea waves continued to bat the sides and the deck of the river barge along with the naked feet of each queen.
Inside the interior of the crystal gate, a set of three younger squires slowly climbed down from the bottom of the foundation and halted, clinging like a bug onto the interior bars of the same side gate.
Inside the interior steering cabin, all the adult royals turned and viewed the open window inside the barge cabin, staring at all the activities.
From the Kingdom of the Land, Duke Allakon was the husband to Duchess Torgeezus and wore a chin face patch of golden tint with a pair of dirty and stained red dusty white tinted overalls without a shirt, since he had been inspecting some of the food crops when the announcement came over the golden face patch that there was a new announcement from Kung. Allakon displayed a tall and muscular body frame with a head of neatly cropped light brown hair with a set of bangs over both eyebrows. His face was unshaven with a light dusting of light brown hairs around the jaw line, the lips, and both nose holes that greatly annoyed his wife Duchess Torgeezus. His eyeballs were colored in hazel with tiny specks of gold that flared with angry while watching and pointed at the three squires on the side of the gate with a gasp. “Look! Look there! There are three men with amber hair hanging onto the side of the non-moving fence. Why are they doing that?”
From the Kingdom of the Sun, Princelet Zitgestum was a head taller than the other royal males with a set of board shoulders and a pair of blue eyes. The twinkling blue eyeballs allowed him and the other natives to shine and see within the darkness at night on his home land, the Kingdom of the Sun. He wore a long ponytail behind the nape of his neck in the color of rich black. His face was clean shaven with a set of loop earrings, dangling from inside both earlobes. And a single looped ring hung down between the nose holes, creating great pain, when he smiled. Thus, Zitgestum did not smile. His body frame possessed a tone of light brown skin. The left side of his chest cavity going down to the sixth rib within the rib cage held an array of colorful tattoos, marking him the highest rank of prince within the Kingdom of the Sun.
Each native of the Kingdom of the Sun displayed an array of tattoos, since the age of four years old. The age of four years was selected as the controlling point for any misplaced ugly and rude behavior. Every time a young child had misbehaved, a tattoo was burned into the skin, starting with the bicep of the right arm. Some of the younger and the older male and female natives displayed an assortment of colorful tattoos, including both facial cheekbones, both arms, both sides of the chest cavity, the complete back spine, and both legs, including both feet.
Once the entire body had been adorned with an array of colorful tattoos for each misbehaving act, the native was declared a trouble maker and was finally released into the darkness for a final punishment of the last nasty deed.
The Kingdom of the Sun was not a nickname. The land terrain was colored in orange dry and heated desert which was burnt each day from the bright yellow and heated sunlight. The day time air temperatures rose and extended over the one hundred and twenty degrees. Thus, a native or a creature could survive during the daylight hours.
At night, the air temperatures held around a cooler one hundred and six degrees, allowing the native species to roam for food and companionship.
At the age of twelve, the native was released out into the harsh, dry, and deadly desert terrain during the Time of Maturity ritual. If the desert did not kill you, then you became an official native of the Kingdom of the Sun. If the desert killed you, then you became instant food for the only living wildlife, the beetles.
A home consisted of an assortment of numerous dried beetle shells with a set of fist-sized air holes. The house formed a tall triangle into the skyline that allowed for constant air flow and individual compartment space for each family member. The air temperature was dry and hot. The air wind was non-existent. Thus, a home structure provided both warm and comfort from the hot day.
Princelet Zitgestum was the ruler of the lands, except when his wife Princeletess Glay vetoed and overruled all his princely decisions inside the throne room and outside on the training fields, since the Kingdom of the Sun had a female leader, since the beginning of time.
Zitgestum turned and gasped with worry at the three squires on the gate. “They are going to shoot an f-bomb and injury each queen.”
From the Kingdom of the Fire, Baron Vetepurr was the owner of all the underground pits as an adult royal and stood a little taller than his daughter with a tone of glowing white tinted skin that was marred with numerous tiny colorful scars from pink into red into black to purple from living years underneath the metal pits as a working metalist also. Sunlight never penetrated down into the pits. He wore a dark blue cloak like his daughter without a shirt that protected some of the exposed naked skin from a flaring spark of the hot metal.
The underground pits were very steamy from the steam of water and very heated from each fire pit. A body couldn’t be dress in too many fancy accessories, such like, a shirt or a tunic or a long ankle-length gown. The sizzling heat and steam would suffocate the human into instant death.
His exposed naked skin on the chest allowed the heat to sweat off a heated face and body. His pair of loose trousers caught the set of flying metal sparks and burnt the loose fabric, not the tender flesh of the male. A pair of short heavy walking boots protected the feet that allowed the metalist to continue to work or not to eat. His skull hair had burned off over the years while scarring the delicate face tissues in a series of zigzags, diagonals, circles, squares, and other odd geometric one-dimensional shapes. Thus, his bone skull was marred in a series of pink tinted vertical and horizontal parts like the comb contained a blade. He stared with a worried brow at the hanging three on the crystal gate. “No! The three men are hanging there like a line of wet laundry. What is true purpose?”
From the Kingdom of the Land, Marquise Fallacious was a poet of love poems who enjoyed freedom as a royal and his wife as a royal ruler of the Wind, wearing a set of loose pastel colored garments around the fat pale tinted body with a set of scarves around the neck and the shoulders. He turned and smiled out the open window at the line of folded shadows, where three bodies of young males hugged on the side of the gate. “Apparently, there a bottom exit door that goes out and in within the Prince House for such an emergency. I do not know the outlay of the Prince House. But, I would guess that there are at least three openings that led up into and down out of the Prince House. This is our secret and same entrance way into the Prince House, too. Our young warriors climb up the gate and then enter onto the lower floor of the Prince House. Then, we kill all the princes plus all the squires all at the same time.”
From the Kingdom of the Sand, Imperator Kung with a head of cropped silver hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of yellow tinted skin in a set of peach colored floor length satin robs underneath a matching set jacket, a pair of trousers, and a pair of knee boots turned and stared out the open window inside the steering cabin at the three hanging squires, “Hmm! I forget about the squires. How many squires would be inside the Prince House?”
Fallacious smiled at the three folded shadows of men on the side of the gate. “Usually, there are fourteen mature squires to raise one of the fourteen baby princes. However, there is the time for annual the Princess and Prince Walk, where a new king and queen of Pamburg Kingdom will be selected. Thus, there is double or triple the number of Squires there inside the Prince House.
From the Kingdom of the Lakes, Count Quinastine wore a brown colored robe over a pair of brown tinted trousers and tunic jacket chuckled and as, the purple tinted earring wiggled side to side below the earlobe. “It does not matter the number of squires! We have a group of four Confederation young and strong warriors for each one old and tired Pamburg squire. Plus, the guts and the talents of each teen royal son are beyond imagination. Send in our warriors now!”
From the Kingdom of the Snow, King Amoywane wore a tan colored tunic and a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching knee boots, possessing a head of blonde shoulder length hair, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of peachy pale tinted skin, wearing a red colored long satin robe over a matching black colored tunic without the sleeves, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of matching ankle boots, since he was not a young and slender male anymore. He was overweight and tall living within the cold region of the Confederation, where food was more comfort than a fat royal wife. His mind ticked with the numerous possibilities of a new ruler within the Pamburg Kingdom. He desired the wild and untouched lands of the Pamburg Kingdom. After all, his kingdom kissed the tall mountains of the Pamburg Kingdom. It would be most logic for the new emperor to rule both high mountains and the low valleys of a similar kingdom. Yes, Amoywane would rule by both defeat and deception which was required, after informing his wife Ylangling that she will be the new empress of Pamburg Kingdom. He laughed and as the purple tinted earring wiggled side to side. “I concur. Send in our young army into the Prince House first to kill all the princes. Then, we can…”
On the side of the wall between the teen royal, the young male shouted out with a laugh. “Let me go!” The solo Sun guard spun around with a smile to face the archway and dashed ahead through the doorway, which was followed by a second Sun guard in silence.
“No! Wait!” Teen royal Vantrey spun around with a gasp and tossed an arm into the air to see the back spine of each running guard under his leadership as the duty had been assigned by his mother Princesselet Glay of the Kingdom of the Sun. He ran ahead and stopped, standing inside the archway with a gasp of worry. The two Sun guards ran through the open archway, over the rear floor of the first river barge, and then jumped into the air onto the deck of the Cobra-face decorated second river barge. They ran side by side over the flat deck and then leaped from the safe deck into the air, hitting the external crystal made fence while struggling to gripe both naked hands and boot toes onto the smooth stone. Each one descended and then tumbled down into the salt water.
Inside the command post of the lead river barge, Kung turned and sneered to each adult royal. “No. We wait for the signal from Haildrameme. We must be certain that all fourteen of the princesses are dead. Or the entire continent will slice off a skull and then hang each head onto a pole for defeat.”
Quinastine laughed. “You do know that there are gators that live down there inside that swampy water.”
Amoywane smiled. “They are asleep.”
Quinastine whispered for his eardrums only with a smile. “They are attacking and devouring the two fools that have just provided the mid-day meal.”


***


Outside on the interior of the gate, each squire slowly climbed down the side of the crystal gate and landed with a bent wobble down into a tiny row boat of solid white wood. Each pair of hands reached out and steadied the boat for a set of three more squires. Each squire slowly crawled backwards down from the bottom of the Prince House and sat down in the front of the row boat. The other squire crawled backwards and reached, grabbing a long paddle up from the floor, standing upright in the rear of the boat, stroking the paddle forward towards the edge of the river barge. The row boat hit the metal and wobbled side to side. The first squire of each row boat extended a hand to assist each queen down into the row boat.
On top of the first river barge deck, Haildrameme reached down and grabbed the edge of the dress hem, leading the other queen over the flat deck towards the first row boat with a fake smile and a soft chuckle of victory to defeat the natives of the Pamburg Kingdom and then rule as its new mistress.



Kingdom of the Sand

5th floor level
Library Hall setting
Four solid walls of books and numerous flat writing tables


The Library Hall was four stories tall and contained a set of solid four walls, where a pair of eyeballs could see a book or empty writing table or the annoying royal next to you.
The layout of the room held a single chair and a short writing table in rows inside the middle of the room to study all the royal lesson assignments.
Against each solid wall, there were a series of built-in numerous tiny shelves that held a set of numerous colorful metal types of arm and a matching face patch for historical and current information.
Prince Strawn from the Pamburg Kingdom slowly shuffled through the thick crowd of standing and shouting rude set of natives and stopped a few feet from the open archway while hearing a set of soft moans and groans inside the library room. He slowly slid through all the upright bodies and stopped, hugging the door frame of the library space with a gasp. On top of each writing table or underneath each wooden underbelly of the long writing table, there was a pair of naked people that was fucking each other while each nasty eyeball and the drooling tongue of every watching native gawked in pleasure. He exhaled with a huff of disgust, frustration, and worry while quickly scanning the room and each face for one amber colored complexion which belonged with Princess Teath.



Kingdom of the Land

Home of Duke Allakon and Duchess Torgeezus
   and first royal prince Modoc, second royal prince Jarl
      and third royal prince Altus

Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and white clouds
Red dirt and rows of crop fields and plantation house setting


The super tall and super muscular middle aged male wore a head of shoulder length silver hair with a pair of gray colored eyeballs, a tone of black tinted skin. He wore a pale blue sleeveless tunic and the matching trousers and a pair of matching knee boots that matched the eye color of his precious daughter and destroyed the last tree limb, moving ahead with a stern face towards the three story house that exhibited a row of tall white columns. He stopped and stood upright in front of the entrance door with a sneer.
A row of three individuals quickly leaped over the broken tree limbs and the scattered tree leaves of green and tall green tinted weeds and followed behind the back spine of the elderly male and stopped, standing a few feet on the bottom of the sidewalk in silence. Each person wore a set of individual face patches of various colored hues, consisting of all the different metal shapes. The numerous face patches included every color of the tiara forehead, the pair of curvy horns, and the pair of straight horns. Numerous set of eyebrows patches was displayed over each eye socket and down toward the cheekbone. A set of nose patches covered the entire nose bridge. A set of several cheekbone patches over the sides of the face. Several type of mustache patches underneath both nose holes, running down over the top of the lips. Numerous sets of chin patches were displayed around the mouth and over the necklace. Several sets of jaw line patches were displayed around the jaw line. There were one set of green colored snot nose face patches. Several types of drooling mouth spit face patches. And finally, there were an assortment of colored dots between all the patches. Each person was clean shaven without facial and bone skull hair with a set of closed eyelids. The various colored and types of face patches surrounded the entire naked and shaven bone skull for better communication.
The charge of the three individuals, the young male in a sleeveless dirty electric blue tunic and matching set of trousers with a head of shoulder length silver colored hair, a pair of gray eyeballs, and a tone of black colored skin broke through a new grove of tree limbs, cutting it with the shaft, dashing ahead with an array red wounds on the face and the arms coming from the grove of trees and stopped, standing beside the elderly man with a worried brow, “Sir, this is the place. The word slave girl continues to echo throughout each metal face patch which refers one of our precious daughters from our home of the Freelands.”
The super tall and super muscular middle aged male reached up and tapped the end of the shaft onto the wooden front door with a smile.
Inside the house, a set of tapping feet moved towards the closed door. The door opened. A young girl appeared with a smile standing inside the archway. “Hello!”
The super tall and super muscular middle aged male looked down with a smile. “Hello! I am looking for the slave girl that lives here. Do you happen to know her name?”
The young girl of nine years old nodded with a smile. “Her name is Minunett, because she plays the piano so good. I’ve tried to learn but I am not as talented as she. And she can’t teach me the musical notes either, since she is blind and can’t see.”
“That’s my daughter Minunett. That’s my child. That’s my little girl,” the middle aged male dashed ahead from the huddle of men with a smile and stopped in pants of anticipation, standing next to the super tall and super muscular middle aged male, nodding with a grin to the little girl. “She is my daughter. Where is she? Where is my daughter?”
The young girl of nine years old looked up and frowned at the father of Minunett. “I didn’t know that that she had a father. She didn’t mention you. Are you sure? I don’t know you but only Minunett.”
The super tall and super muscular middle aged male looked down with a smile at the young child. “What is the location of the work room, where Minunett works at the moment?”
The young girl of nine years old turned and frowned at the super tall and super muscular middle aged male. “I don’t know if you should come into my house. I don’t know you. I will go and ask my mother. My mother and my father are farmers here in the Kingdom of the Land. Thanks for coming by my house. Good day!” She tried to close the door shut. The super tall and super muscular middle aged male reached out with a sneer and grabbed the edge of the door with a one hand, pressing the button on the shaft. A set of exposed blades protruded from the smooth rod. He lifted and then slammed down the middle of the rod into the hair roots of the young child. She didn’t even scream from the violent impact but tumbled backwards, landing down onto the polished floor with puffs of heavy breathes while slowing dying of the head wound. He turned with a smile to the father of Minunett. “Go and find your precious daughter right now! Then, you and she leave out from here and get away from here within the Kingdom of the Land and the Confederation. Take one of the airships and go back to our home of the Freelands. And enjoy your new life with your daughter. Don’t worry! We will find and kill the rest of the home members inside this house without anyone of them harming you or your daughter. Your daughter will never live here again. Go now!” The father of Minunett ran ahead through the open door without hesitation in silence, secretly searching through each room for his precious daughter without calling out her name, since the element of surprise was a valuable ally.
The super tall and super muscular middle aged male spun around with a smile to see each worried brow. “No time for celebration here! But, there is much hope here, fathers of a lost daughter. We have one found precious Freelands daughter. So, there are other Freelands daughters living right here within the Kingdom of the Land. We will not hesitate with our revenge plan either. I would like a team of fathers to follow me and find, killing the rest of the house members for kidnapping and working the hands and body of our precious daughter. They can enjoy their new home in the afterlife serving the next power of authority. Then, we will burn the house down too.”
“No,” the shorter young male spun around with an angry brow to see each father. “We have burned the Kingdom of the Wind. All the beautiful trees are gone. All the people are dead or dying. We do not harm land. Land provides living for the other people. The land did not take our precious daughters. People did that. People must be punished. Please do not burn the house or harm the property! But, I do agree to kill each family unit that worked a precious daughter as a slave girl. Then, the family unit can work in the afterlife for food and shelter.”
“So be it!” The super tall and super muscular smiled. “My new friend has issued a new command. We find each daughter. The father and the daughter unite and then return back to the Freelands immediately. Your fight is done here. The other fathers will follow me and continue seeking high and low while killing each person until we retrieve back each precious daughter. I, too, am both anxious and excited about seeing my precious daughter from so long ago. Now, I need a team to assist me with killing the family here. The other fathers break and form into numerous scout teams and invade the next row of houses, until we have searched each home within the Kingdom of the Land for our precious daughter.” A set of four fathers moved ahead and stood in front of the super tall and super muscular male with a nod and a stern face in silence.
The other fathers turned to face the next house with a weak smile and raced ahead, splitting into several smaller groups of fighters with a set of tender hopes and heavy prayers of finding their individual precious daughter.
The team of fathers ran ahead and entered the house with a set of loud foot pads, splitting up to find a family member inside the house. Then, a set of individual screams shouted aloud and echoed throughout the house which was followed up by silence of a dead family member from the father of the Freelands.
The father of Minunett dashed in and out each room, stopping and slammed the door open of the laundry room. Minunett stood in front of the window with a face of tears after hearing the screams of each dying family member that owned the house. The father of Minunett smiled with relief, finding his daughter after waiting and hoping for two years. She had been taken at the age of twelve which made her fourteen years old. He slowly entered the room with a smile at his precious daughter.
Minunett raised both palms in fright with a face of tears. “Please don’t harm me! I don’t do anything to you. I’m folding the laundry. I’m only the slave girl.”
He stood in front of her with a smile. “You are only my daughter, Minunett.”
She advanced from the window and leaped forward into his open arms with a face of tears and sobs, smelling the familiar odor of her biological father with a smile, “Daddy!”
He hugged her and pulled back with a face of tears also. “Yes, I am here. Yes, your father is here. Yes, I love you precious daughter. Yes, I and the rest of the fathers from the Freelands are finally here to find and bring home each lost precious daughter. You and I are going back home to the Freelands. We are going to be a family, once again.”
“I love you, too, daddy!” She gasped in alarm. “But, the room of nasty administrators will send out the army and capture me again at your home. Then, I will come back and live with another family here in the Confederation.”
He exhaled without worry, “No, daughter! We have killed all the administrators. The army is running away. We will go back home and lead our homeland of Freelands. Each daughter is coming back home too. Are you ready to leave? Do you want to bring something with you?”
She smiled with blue eyes that had blinded her sight. “I only want you, father. I only want to leave from here and forget the place. Thank you for coming for me. I love you, daddy.”
“I love you, daughter.” He hugged and pulled from her with a gasp with fear. “Did they harm you?”
She exhaled, “No, father! I was never harmed or hurt or yelled at. The family is…”
He sneered. “The family was…”
She nodded with the understanding of the other scream of deaths. Each family member had been killed by another father which was not her father. “The family was nice to me, but I did work long…”
He sneered. “You will never work again, my precious Minunett,” he laughed. “We’re going to collect and gather each family unit of the all administrators. They’ll be working and waiting on my daughter like a real princess.”
She smiled with a girly giggle. “Daddy, you’re so funny. I still remember and love your humor.”
“I love you, Minunett.” He hugged and pulled back from her with a smile and tears of joy. “And I remember your beautiful piano playing. Let’s go back home! I’m most eager to leave here.”
She nodded with a worried brow, “Me, too, daddy!”
The father of Minunett cuddled her daughter and spun them around to exit the room. She was blind and needed assistance to move around the house. Even though, she was more familiar with the floor layout of the house. However, he was her father and wanted to spend the rest of his life taking care of her.
They moved ahead from the laundry room and slowly strolled through the hallways and around each dead body and the puddle of red tinted blood. He was happy that is little girl could not see the ugly sight inside the house. He nodded to each father with a smile of happiness and hope for that father to find his precious daughter also. He slowly moved ahead and entered the opening within the grove trees of the woodlands, slowly strolling ahead with a smile and hugging his daughter towards one of the rusty and ancient airships, flying back home to the Freelands.
The father of Minunett did not have a wife. Minunett had a biological mother, of course. But a young girl was selected to fuck each man-servant which produced a healthy son, who lived with the mother, not a blind baby girl. At the age of twelve, the blind girl was taken away from the biological father and given to the Confederation royals to serve as a slave girl for the rest of her life.
The set of fathers and the super tall and super muscular male finished finding and killing each family member and then met outside on top of the front porch, wiping off the wet blood from the shaft and numerous body parts while watching the back spine of each pair of happy father and his daughter disappear into the grove of trees.
The shorter male exhaled with a smile at the back spine of the last pair of father-daughter into the woodlands. “I, now, have hope.”
“I, now, have hope too.” The super tall and super muscular male stared with a smile at the happy reunion of a father and a daughter, feeling hopefully to find his own precious daughter.


1st hour (early afternoon)

Pamburg Kingdom

Home of dead King Conic and his wife dead Queen Shemerry
   and thirteen dead princesses
     and single live and breathing Princess Teath

Warm temperatures and bright sunlight
Mountain castle location and yellow tinted shoreline setting


The mountain castle rested on top of an open mountain flat top, not an arched peak. Centuries ago, the winds, the ice, and the storms had blown away the steep arched peak. Then the hard ice melted down and curved out a deep lake of fresh water, which is used for drinking water on top of the mountain.
The top of the mountain was comprised of an extremely large plaid fresh water lake without the surrounding edge of tree groves, short plants, and rows of wildflowers. The mountain flat top was high enough for warm temperatures during the daylight hours and cool temperatures at nighttime slumber.
A circular thick and high wall of rock held the lake water in pace. In front of the thick wall, there stood fourteen individual princess domes for fourteen princess sister personalities.
On the opposite side of the lake, the princess cave room hid from the sun and the wind, where the sisters had gathered to eat, to study, and to play. Inside the cave room, on the side wall, there stood the single archway which led into the princess throne room, where thirteen dead sister princesses rested inside a water pit with alive or dead gator.
The royal parents of King Conic and Queen Shemerry resided on a flat landscape palace inside one of the villages and away from the princesses. The Nans protected and watched over each princess day and night.
The eastern side of the mountain castle viewed the twin gates and the Delta waters. The northern side of the mountain housed all the work villages of working natives.
The southern side was composed of more wetlands. Around the mountain castle, the landscaped consisted of a series of flat red colored marshlands where only a matching red colored viper and her babies waited for a set of delicious non-flying red tinted rojo birds.
The non-flying rojo birds were a small and compact group of mammals that were colored in bright pink and dull blue with a set of soft and pretty feathers over the body. The body was plump and round from eating tons of the bitter smelling yellow colored swamp moss.
Between the flat marshlands, there were twirling set of misshaped orange colored swamps.
The orange swamps and the red marshlands clashed against each other in alternating rows of beauty and danger. The winding rows run side by side and around the entire length of the planet which made the planet useless for crop fields of food, plant stocks for clothes, and fun time of play for the natives.
The swamps contained a variety of vicious mammals that ate each other and anything else the happen to walk or fly without an open mouth of fangs. There were the swampy creatures which were called gators that owned and ruled the swamps.
Inside the first row boat, her eyelashes darted to the side and up into the blue sky, looking up for a spy within the foreign lands, not seeing a single individual on top of the mountain castle. Haildrameme sat on top of the rough long bench seat of raw wood behind the rear skull of the first older squire. She held both manicured hands inside the lap with a smirk. She could reach down and grabbed her personal fighting shaft which was hidden in-between the folders of the elegant golden tinted silk gown, lifting it up into the air and stabbed the tender skull of the squire with ease. But she first must visually confirm the deaths of each princess before the sacrifice of the skull of the squire.
Glay sat behind the back spine of Haildrameme on a second raw bench seat of raw wood and reached down, visually caressing her shaft with a soft growl, watching the older squire in front of the imperator and hearing the second squire, who was paddling the row boat with a set of heavy breaths of hard work. The set of wise squires had greatly erred by sending a team of old and feeble males to defend the mountain castle proper. They must plan to attack after each Confederation queen had entered and moved deeply inside the princess throne room that was swallowed up by the mountain cavern. However, Glay was ready for the upcoming fight before each old male could touch their shaft.
The first of three row boats ran first into the shallow water and then slammed into the wet bank of yellow soil while wobbling side to side. The front squire jumped out from the boat and landed down in the shallow water, leaning over, pulling the rowboat further into the shoreline for each queen to descend onto the hard dirt. The rowboat halted and parked with a jolt over the soil.
Inside the rear seat, Glay continued to sit with a fake smile and a nod to the squire, whispering into the purple tinted dangling earring face patch, where each royal wore for the secret vocal communication. “Get out of the row boat first and quickly ascend up the staircase to the second level, Haildrameme! Get up there rapidly and occupy the other squires that might be present with your pretty smile. Then, I will take care of the six squires down here on the soil.”
Haildrameme heard the whispered words through the shared purple tinted dangling earring face patch that came from her queen-friend Glay and slowly stood upright from the bench seat of the stationary row boat as the first squire spun around and extended a hand to assist her. She climbed over the lip of the rowboat and stood upright on top of the yellow soil of the mountain castle. She nodded in silence to the older squire and leaned down, gathering up the dress hem and exposed both naked kneecaps, dashing ahead toward the single rock-coated staircase on the side of the mountain castle that led to the second level of the mountain castle with a giggle and grin.
Glay swiftly stood upright from the front bench seat of the same stationary rowboat with a growl, warning the older squire not to assist her person, climbing over the lip and out of the boat and stood over the damp and hard yellow soil.
The second and third rowboats which contained the other Confederation queens followed the same procedure. Then, the other queens stood upright in a long gown over the yellow soil. The set of two squires worked together and shoved the tiny rowboat from out the swamp water and towards the drier ground soil, securing the water transport for the trip of each queen back to the first river barge.
Glay slowly sidestepped behind the folded body and the protruded ass of the second of two squires at the rear of the rowboat, reaching over, grabbing the hanging shaft, lifted, and cupped both hands over the bigger tip of the shaft into the air and then smashed down the blade of the tip into the rear skull of the second squire. The second squire fell down with a loud grunt over the soil with a loud thud. The forward squire didn’t bother to look back over a collar bone to see Glay or the fallen squire. She lifted and slammed back down the shaft over the rear skill of the first squire. She side stepped and followed behind a set of two squires on the second row boat, lifting and slammed the shaft down into two separate rear hairy skulls. Each squire died on the way down to the yellow soil.
On top of the flat soil of the mountain castle, a dead squire rested on a face or a back spine in a puddle of red blood. Glay moved ahead with a chuckle and stopped, squatting down near the swamp water, dropping down and cleaned off the bloody shaft with a sneer.
From the Kingdom of the Land, Duchess Torgeezus was a woman of average height with a head of black colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of brown eyes, wearing an orange colored ankle-length dress with a pair of matching shoes. The mother of Modoc, Jarl, and Altus stood in place on top of the flat soil and spun around with a smile to see the set of gigantic gates in the far distance which blocked the tiny river barges, narrowing both eyelashes, pointing at the miles of swamp water. “Glay, go and retrieve all our husbands!”
Kingdom of the Snow, Queen Ylangling was tall and fat in the dark emerald green ankle-length dress from months of warm shelter inside her castle from the cold weather, possessing a tone of peachy skin tint, a pair of green eyes, and a head of black hair, a pair of purple tinted dangling face patch earrings, and a matching tiara forehead face patch to hear all the word exchange between the kings and queens. She gasped with a worried brow at the back spine of Glay. “No! Glay has the skillful shaft among all of us. She is needed here the most with us in case of another attack from a set of Pamburg squires. I am not as proficient as my queen sister.”
From the Kingdom of the Lakes, Countess Zorachina possessed a tone of pink tinted skin without a strand of hair, a pair of green eyes, and a pink tinted ankle-length gown. She reached down and sliced off the pink ankle-length gown exposing a body style of tallness with a set of ripping girly muscles, wearing the wet rubber type work clothes, since she had to work as a royal unlike Imperatoress Haildrameme. “I will go and collect all the husband-kings,” she exhaled with a puff of worry and spun around, moving back ahead towards the first row boat. “I am the stronger of us. I will tether together and row all three row boats back to the glittering gates and then retrieve our king-husbands. I and our husband-kings will meet you on top of the lake mountain of the Pamburg castle. So, go and kill the young royal princesses swiftly. I both hunger for food and thirst for beverage. Good luck, queens!” She reached over and tied a long rope, capturing all three row boats onto the lead boat and leaned down, shuffling the lead boat back down into the water, entering the boat. She sat down and grabbed the oars, slowly pulling, and paddling the lead boat back through the winding swamp waters and steering toward the gates for the kings.
Inside the steering cabin of the first river badge on top of the Delta waters, the command center was located behind the ugly dragon head of purple with a pair of red eyeballs, each Confederation king wore a purple tinted dangling earring on one earlobe that was associated with each wife and then sounded with a loud cheer of success, tossing both arms into the air.


***


On top of the Delta Waters, in the lead river barge, inside the command post, Amoywane turned and pointed at the portal hole that served as an open window frame with a nod and a smile. “Now, it is the time for battle. Send in our lines of brave and mighty Confederation warriors!”
Kung frowned. “No! We must wait for the signal from my wife.”
Quinastine frowned. “Why wait? Why for what signal from Haildrameme? The six escort squires are dead by the shaft of each queen. We should leave and go and help fight with our queens with any more squires.
Kung exhaled. “No! We wait to verify the death of the fourteen Pamburg princesses from the eye view of my wife. We do not want to give our position away without sacrifice and surprise.”


***


On top of the yellow soil of the mountain castle beside the swamp water in the bright sunlight, Glay stood behind the dead squire with a grin and reached up, slapping the tan colored nose face patch that was located behind the earlobe in secret with a whisper for all the royal eardrums. “The queens have landed on the soil of the mountain castle of Pamburg. The queens have killed six of the squires here at the mountain base. The queens are now moving up to the second floor to see the queen and all the princesses. The queens will find out the truth about the deaths of the princesses. Whether it is true or false, the queens will eliminate the rest of the Pamburg female royals. Stand by! One of the queens is coming to collect each royal husband off from the river barge command center. She is paddling a series of three row boats towards the gate. Then, all of you will sail back together here to the mountain castle. Wait for our signal, before leaving the river barge safety!”
Haildrameme turned and scanned the unfamiliar landscape with a puzzled brow and a whisper for her eardrums only. “Everything looks abnormal. The sun is bright. The gators are sleeping. The birds are singing. The princesses are missing,” she reached down and lifted up the long skirt exposing a pair of naked kneecaps with a sneer, dashing ahead from the shoreline first and climbed up the rock-coated staircase towards the second level of the princess cave room, where the Princess Walk had been performed to verify the death of each princess. Then, she and all her friend-queens would kill the rest of the squires, who occupied the interior space of the hidden cavern. She slowly moved ahead without a queenly strut in the long gown with a fake smile and reached the top step, dropping down the dress hem, marching ahead through the cavern and slowly turned a face to scan the interior of the dark stone which didn’t glittering.


***


At the Pamburg science building of crystal stone with swamp water access, outside the sealed and locked door, the noise echoed like a faint hum throughout the empty hallways.
Inside the private bedroom setting, she stood upright from the loveseat and cocked a chin sideways, closing both eyelashes, hearing the faint hum again. The knock on the door repeated for a second time. She opened both eyelashes with a nod. Someone was at the entrance door which was highly usual.
She moved ahead toward the closed archway and opened the door, looking down with a puzzled brow and tapped on top of the first metal of black tint arm patch. The science building possessed a tray of metal face patches that could access any other color or shape face patch on any exterior body part.
Outside the building, on top of the glittering crystal made walkway and in-between the boat ramp which stood underneath a nest of swamp sleeping gators, Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-Six had landed the airship on top of the crystal made pavement and exited from the ship to the building entrance door. He stood in front of the steel door with a puzzled brow, beating on the metal with an angry face, dropping both arms down, slapping the legs. He lifted the arm with the yellow tinted arm patch and yelled into the curved metal screen with fury, “I wanna see the bottles of fetuses.”
Coming through the metal made screen of his yellow tinted arm patch, the alto voice of a female yelled back to him through her universal black colored arm patch back to the squire. “You cannot.”
“I wanna come inside and see all the bottles of fetuses.”
She said through his arm patch into his eardrums. “You cannot.”
He back stepped and ran forward, slamming a shoulder into the door with a heavy grunt and pain. The metal did move. He back stepped and looked down with a sneer down into the arm patch. “What is this place inside the science building and inside a science laboratory?”
“It is the famous genetics laboratory of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
“I had heard a set of silly rumors about this place the other gossiping women within my village, so there really is a place of real rumors.”
“Who are you?”
“I am another squire who has learned the truth.”
“What truth?”
“That each prince and princess was genetically altered from our original DNA.”
Inside the lobby of the crystal made building, Pamburg Lady Number Six was not worried with fear while standing upright behind the closed steel door of the science building. The only entranceway into the science building was with a metal tinted belly button patch that only displayed from a pregnant female. He was a male, not a female. The belly button patch was a smart electronic device. It identified when there was a viable fetus inside a pregnant female uterus and then it created a blocking signal into the main computer for any other fetus identification electronic signal. The electronic signal was only sent out to a River Rats speed boat for a single transportation from the lands of the Confederation into the waters of the Pamburg Kingdom.
The belly button patch was nothing more than a computer devise with a singular purpose to contact the computer for a single pickup. Once the signal had been sent into the main frame, the computer locked out an additional electronic signal and blocked all the other signals coming from the other belly button patch with communication. Thus, only one princess could enter the science building and then complete the fetus extraction process. Once the fetus had been safely removed and placed inside a jar inside this room, then the computer would unblock the communication band. Then, a second princess of the Confederation would come into the science building for the same medical procedure.
Outside in the blue sky, on top of the crystal glittering pavement, in front of the sealed and locked entrance door of steel, he sneered down into the arm patch. “Who are you?”
She said via his arm patch into the air waves. “I am like you. I was once a Pamburg princess, some sixteen years ago. Now, I am a nurse maid to one of the new batches of little babies. After completing my royal service, I will return back to the Village of the Mineral and Metals. I had lived there and assisted with the building of each silly face and hand patch where each kingdom used to spy on each other. Our pride and joy in science!”


***


On the second level of the mountain castle, the dancing hall, the eating hall, and the entertainment hall, it was one big and gigantic single space that was chiseled out within the northern side of the mountain and it was located on the opposite side of the sixteen mini-waterfalls. The gigantic space was cut deep inside the mountain cove and away from the harsh sunlight, providing coolness during the daylight hours and warmth during the nighttime. It was directly underneath the mountain lake and below the edge of a cliff, where the kingly dome of their parents stood. It was called the princess throne room. A semi-crooked row of curved lounge chairs stood on top of numerous short icicle-like columns of stalagmites. The stalagmite rose from the solid floor of the cave floor and held each lounge chair in the air like magic with a set of rock staircase which led up and back down onto the rock cave floor.
In the middle of the cave, three elderly Pamburg squires with a head of grayish amber curls stood upright without the shaft in hand in the middle of the enclosed cavern with a fake smile. They had been tasked to please and appease all the queens from the Confederation, since the true gossip had flown around the continent citing a death of each Pamburg princess, where there was one alive, well, and missing princess, but all the Confederation queens had not heard that good news.
The rest of the queens from the Confederation stood on top of the yellow tinted ground soil and reached down, lifting a long dress hem, exposing a set of naked kneecaps with a smile, dashing away from the dead bodies and the shoreline with a loud cheer, slowly climbing each step. Haildrameme finally reached the level cave floor with a gasp and dropped down the dress, strolling ahead and stopped with an open mouth in silence. The rest of the queens moved off the staircase and dashed ahead with a smile, stopping, and surrounded Haildrameme with a gasp of alarm at the floor cave.
On the opposite end of the cave room, there was a long table of cold food trays against a curvy rock wall. On the same side of the staircase, there was a single arched doorway that led into the princess throne room, where two elderly squires stood upright at attention in front of an open archway with a stern face without a shaft in silence. Over the cave floor, there were scattered body parts in a puddle of dried red tinted blood.
Haildrameme frowned down at the dead bodies. “The women are not the young princesses. They are too old in both face and scattered body parts. Where are all the sixteen-year-old princesses? They are not dead and present on here the princess cave floor,” she looked up with a grin to see the elderly squire.
Jennessee stood on the one side of Haildrameme and gasped with alarm. “Then, it is obvious to me. Each Pamburg princess is still located and hiding inside her personal princess dome. All the domes are located on the other side of the cave room o the second floor. We must go there now and finish the job that we came here to do.”
Glay stood on the other side of Haildrameme with a sour frown at each dead body. “Each old woman has died by a beheading. It is a bloody and ugly mess over the cave floor. The soles of my sandals are greasy from the puddles of blood. Who or what did terrible thing to all these old women?”
Pamburg Squire Number Fifty-Six stood upright in the middle of two other squires with a smile and a nod, without a shaft. “Good morning, queens of the Confederation. Welcome to the Pamburg Kingdom! Yes, the rumor of dead princesses is true. Yes, you are here to see the dead bodies. If you would please form a straight line, then you will entrance into the princess throne room chamber for the final viewing. Then, you will see and hear. Then, you will learn and leave,” he nodded with a smile to each queen, since he was one of the oldest squires, who possessed a great set of learned knowledge coming from years of spying and ease drop with a pair of eyeballs and eardrums, not a tongue. The queens continued to stand in a huddle and scan the cave floor with the scattered body parts of the dead and mutilated Nans. Pamburg Squire Number Fifty-Six moved ahead with a huff of annoyance and passed by the huddle of queens, since each queens didn’t bother to obey his vocal words. The set of two squires scooted over and held the burnt parts of the plant leaves away from the entranceway, wearing a fake smile and a battle suit without a shaft in one hand. He stopped and stood in front of the dark entrance way with a stern face.
Haildrameme reached down and lifted the hemline of the dress, very carefully showing off a pair of high heeled sandals with a set of glittering gems over the strap, slowing moving ahead over the smooth rock floor and stopped in place while forming a vertical line of queen-friends in front of the single archway of the princess throne room.
A vertical line of queen-friends stood upright and tall with a smirk, wearing a different tinted forehead tiara and a pair of matching dangling earrings for drama, where each colored face patch would talk back and forth to her spouse who was located inside the steering cabin of the river barge.
From the Kingdom of the Sand, Imperatoress Haildrameme faked the smile and as her pair of purple colored dangling down face patch earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara both twinkled in bright sunlight, where each queen and king could hear each other’s words of whisper. She was tall and slender with a head of white hair, a tone of yellow skin, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a crooked nose, standing first in line on one side of the dragon face in regal height, wearing a one-sleeved tight fitting dress of golden tint that represented the leadership of the Confederation.
From the Kingdom of the Sun, Princeletess Glay smirked and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in sunlight. She was a head taller than the rest of the queens and possessed a tone of dark skin tint, a pair of aqua colored eyes, and a head of black hair in a pair of long black colored ankle-length gown.
From the Kingdom of the Land, Duchess Torgeezus smiled and as her pair of purple tinted dangling face patch earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in bright sunlight. She was a woman of average height with a head of black hair, a tone of red skin, and a pair of brown eyes.
Ylangling, the Queen of the Kingdom of the Snow faked a smile and as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in sunlight. She was tall and possessed a tone of peachy skin tint, a pair of green eyes, and a head of black hair, standing in a gown of blue.
From the Kingdom of the Wind Marquee Jennessee stood last in the vertical line in a short red colored party dress with a pair of red spiked heels and as her as her pair of purple tinted dangling earrings and a matching forehead face patch tiara twinkled in sunlight. She was slender and tall with a set of buck teeth, a head of long blonde hair, and a pair of blue eyeballs on a tone of pale skin.


***


On the second floor level, the princess throne room was really an extra-large cave-like room with a set of four solid walls and a high ceiling of natural coated black colored stone which was really a curvy out hole inside the mountain. The four walls blocked out the weather elements of heat and sun. The front of the princess throne exhibited a single arched doorway of stone where a set of draping and drooping dark black willowy natural thick stems with matching palm-like fanning leaves grew out from the thick cracks of rock. The drooping and willowy row of thick soft plants dangled down and covered the single entranceway. On the far side wall inside the princess throne room, there stood two individual throne chairs made of the same black stone on the wall without a body.
The older squire slowly moved ahead and accepted the blazing candle of light, since he did not bother to power the overhead lamps and slowly strolled through the open archway that was guarded by the squires, moving ahead on top of the narrow ledge. “Please come inside and follow directly behind me! There is only a narrow ledge of five inches which separates an array of pits.
Glay stood behind Haildrameme with a sneer and a shout out of worry. “What must we follow you, squire?”
The squire shouted out loud inside the dark room. “Please follow me through the open archway, if you want to see the dead bodies of the princesses!”
Haildrameme slowly moved ahead and led the queen line, staring at the back spine of the elderly squire as he moved ahead and then disappeared into the darkness. She stopped with a gasp and stood inside an open archway, feeling fear, and worry.
In front of open archway between the two elderly squires, the room was pit black in hue. One of the squires extended an open palm that held a flickering candle with a fake smile.
Glay moved ahead and stopped, whispering with a gasp into the purpled tinted earring for all eardrums. “This is a trap. I will not go.”
Haildrameme stared into the darkness with a smile. “Yes. We all want to see each dead body of each princess. I am following behind you, kind squire. Follow behind me, Glay!” She reached over and accepted the blazing candle from one of the squires, slowly strolling ahead into a very dark room with a gasp. The single candle only illuminated the first five feet in front of her sandal toes.
The footpath was only a few inches in wide, maybe five inches. Her foot was a size eight which was about three and nine/sixteenth inches. She slowly lifted a right foot up from the narrow footpath and dropped it down over the narrow ledge in silence and as her eyeballs clearly saw the arena between the sides of the narrow ledge. The entire floor of the room consisted of a set of individual sections or pits. The word pit was a better description of the space that was surrounded by a tiny wall. The wall went two feet up, coming up from the pit floor and into the open air. The ledge of the wall between each pit was five inches in width.
Glay moved ahead and accepted the flaming candle in the color of bright white from one of the squires with a sneer and followed behind the back spine of Haildrameme. “What is this place?”
Squire Number Fifty-Six slowly moved across the narrow ledge of the playground with a stern face while holding one of the blazing candles. “It is the arena for the annual Princess Walk. Each princess walks on top of the narrow foot path to the end, if the princess falls off, then she is eaten by a live gator that hides inside one of the many deep pits,” the voice of the squire echoed throughout the enclosed room.
Outside the open archway of darkness, each queen-friend accepted a single blazing candle with a stern face and slowly moved forward into the darkness of the princess throne room, extending a high heeled sandal, planting it on top of a very narrow footpath with a gasp, leaning a body forward for an upright balance with the rest of her weight on the top of the solid floor with a left leg and a foot. She gasped in horror at the length of the narrow foot ledge.
Torgeezus slowly moved ahead and stared down into each pit with a worried brow, “My goodness! This empty pit was filled with a gator.”
Ylangling slowly moved ahead over the narrow ledge and stared down with a smile into each pit. “A nest of gators live in a swamp of water. So, each empty pit must have been filled with water to hide the gator. This is a cruel walk, not princess walk.”
“It has been performed to select the new queen of Pamburg Kingdom for centuries,” the squire continued to move ahead over the narrow foot ledge with a stern.
Glay whispered into the face patch of the dangling earring for all eardrums. “This is a death trap if a princess accidentally runs into the back spine of the previous sister princesses while carrying only a fluttering flame of a burning candle, walking over a narrow ledge.
Haildrameme gasped with a whisper of fear while slowly moving ahead over the narrow ledge in a pair of heeled sandals, stopping in place, whispering into the face patch for all eardrums. “A girl would have to prance on a set of ten toppy toes over the smooth stone of five inches in wide. If an upright foot missed the narrow smooth stone, then the girl would fall into the pit. This was a true test fit for the queen of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
Glay slowly squatted and sat down on top of the narrow ledge, slowly dropping down into the deep pit with a puzzled brow. She squatted down on top of the floor and moved the candle to see the pile of red colored ashes, feeling the emotions of fear, nervousness, fright, and excitement. “Who is this?”
The squire slowly moved forward and balanced both feet on top of the narrow wall ledge, surveying down into each pit by one of the blazing candles. “Inside the first three pits, there was a set of individual piles of ashes. One pile was light gray. The other piles were colored in bright red. The appropriate question: What is that? The colored ash pile red designates the deceased gator. The gray pile of ashes is one body of a dead princess.”
The dark princess throne room was extremely quiet as each queen slowly moved ahead and stared down at each pit while seeing one or many piles of red or gray ashes which presented the dead gator and the dead princess.
Outside the room in front of the archway of darkness, from the Kingdom of the Wind, Marquee Jennessee wore a short dress with a pair of heeled sandals and accepted the burning candle in one hand from the squire, moving ahead through the open archway with a gasp of the size of the room. The rest of the queens slowly strolled over the narrow ledge. She could see an upright body, a dragging dress hem, and a flickering candle light in the darkness. She stopped in place without moving onto the narrow ledge and turned, scanning the room.
On one of the long side walls, there were a set of two throne chairs of equal size. Jennessee did not venture down the narrow ledge with the burning candle, instead she turned to face the side wall and slowly followed a little wider walkway, moving ahead with a puzzled brow, stopping, and stood beside the first chair with a smile. She reached out and touched the pile of gray material with a gasp and a shout out loud. “Hey! Come and look over here on the side wall! There is another pile of gray ashes. No! There are two piles of gray ashes. This is the Pamburg queen and her new successor, one of the Pamburg princesses. They are all dead in a set of two separate piles of gray ashes. It is all truth. Each princess is dead. The queen is dead too.”
The squire stopped on top of the narrow ledge and swiftly turned with a gasp to see side wall and the glowing nose profile of Jennessee. “No!”
Glay tossed both arms into the air with a smile and climbed back up from the pit standing on top of the narrow ledge with a laugh, “Yes.”
The squire gasped. “No. It is not her successor. Yes. I mean that there is a successor. A princess…”
“…is dead. Each princess is dead. All the princesses are dead. Kill him now!” Haildrameme tossed her candle at the squire, reaching down and jerked the shaft from the skirt, swinging the shaft at the chest of the squire. The squire back stepped from the queen with a gasp and tumbled backwards down into the empty pit on top of the soft ashes with a loud scream.
Jennessee stood upright and spun around, dashing ahead over the smooth stone, whispering with a worried brow into the purple dangling earring to all eardrums. “Kill the other squires before someone figures our plot!”
Glay swiftly climbed up and over each pit ledge before the other queens could move backwards and leave off the narrow ledge, standing upright on top of the solid floor, reaching over and grabbed, lifting her shaft up into the air, advancing towards the open archway. She stopped in the dark and swung outside, soaring her shaft sideways, beheading each squire with a soft growl. Each head tumbled down and rolled a few inches from an upright body. Glay dashed ahead through the archway and swung her shaft side to side in the air, connecting with the flying shaft from one of the squire while fighting them both. She slammed the shaft into the exposed stomach of the squire. He bent over in pain and mouth drool. She whipped the shaft around the air and smashed the face of the other squire. The second squire tumbled backwards with a scream of pain. She twirled the shaft in the air and lobbied off each skull from a squire body with a loud growl. She stood in blood and stared down with a set of heavy pants at each dead squire body while whispering into the purple earring for all eardrums. “It is confirmed that all the Pamburg princesses are dead. Send in our warriors to kill off all the Pamburg princes! The mountain castle has been secured by our party of Confederation queens. We are scouting out and killing more of the squires.”


***


On top of the Delta Water, inside the lead river barge of the command center, each royal stood around the map table as each purple tinted earring rung out with the words from Glay.
He reached up and slapped a red tinted devil horn face patch in the middle of the forehead with a smile. “Go! Go! Go!” Vetepurr yelled the order before Kung and waved both arms into the air with a stern face to each teen royal and young warrior that consisted of the natives from the Kingdom of the Sun, the Lakes, and the Land who did not wear a face patch, only a sneer and a twirling shaft.
Kung slapped a pair of red tinted devil horn face patch and yelled out loud through, tossing both arms into the air. “Go! Go! Dive off the rear of the river barge! Swim underneath the bottom of the river barge. Then, emerge up from the water on the other side of the open gate. Hurry! Hurry! Attack the Prince House right now!” The other male royals attached a pair of red tinted face patch devil horns to hear the conversation with the young royals during the war.
Vantrey wore a pair of red tinted devil horn face patch to hear the kings like the other male royals and a single dangling purple tinted earring face patch to hear the queens like the other male royals, reaching out, grabbing the naked arm of Modoc with a laugh. Modoc gasped in alarm with the swift reaction from his friend. They dashed ahead together through the open archway, over the deck without stopping, and then both plunged down into the water. He leaned over and dived underneath the bottom of the river barge, swimming toward the open crystal gate. His eyeballs and his neurons could not miss the great height and depth of the set of gigantic twin gates that were slightly cracked open for one or two bodies to swim through the empty space.
Each Confederation native and royal emerged a head skull and a collar bone up from the warm waters of the Delta, swimming inside the water, slowly reaching up and grabbed onto the sleek glittering vertical bar, slowly climbing up each horizontal bar, and eventually reaching the bottom foundation of the outside platform, where a series of circular openings were built into the foundation of the Prince House.


***


In the lead Confederation river barge with the purple tinted dragon head at the rear platform in the bright sunshine of mid-day, the blood brother of Princess Ovilla and the second royal prince of the Kingdom of the Wind Exmore was the unlucky Wind royal, possessing a slender body for dance with a set of long fingers for drawing. He would not inherit the windy and vast dark green lush forestland of trees or carrying on the responsibility of dance entertainment within the Confederation. Thus, he must marry another princess or become a dancer within a new unit on his home kingdom. Or Exmore could marry another dancer and still performed part of the dance company. Or he could go back into the cabin of the river barge and sat out the vicious and bloody upcoming Battle of Pamburg, since Exmore didn’t like blood or guts or gory or glory, only to live in luxury.
On top of the river barge deck, Exmore stood alone and stared down the clear blue water, watching each native dive down into the water and rubbed both hands over the new orange tinted the silk jacket and a pair of matching trousers.
His father Fallacious exited out from the open archway of the steering house and moved ahead over the rear deck of the river barge and stopped, standing beside his son Exmore, staring down at the water with a smile. “Jump in, son!”
Exmore stared down at the water and rubbed the new suit with a sour frown. “I don’t wanna get my new set of clothes wet.”
He looked up to see the gates with a smile and then down at the blonde hair roots of Exmore. “The rest of the royals are claiming a portion of the landscape of Pamburg Kingdom. Do you wanna be left out of the action, son?”
Exmore continued to stare down at the water and rubbed the new suit with a sour frown. “I don’t want a portion of the mysterious Pamburg Kingdom. I thought that I would rule the Kingdom of the Sand with my sister Ovilla, when she becomes the new imperatoress of the Confederation. That was the original plan that you and my mother had plotted out, Father.”
He looked up into the sky and then down into the water with a smile. “The original plan has completely changed. There will be a king and a queen of the entire continent that will live here within the gates of the Pamburg Kingdom. You must get down into the water and get inside the Prince House and then kill one of the princes. Each prince rules a piece of prime land here. The land here is fertile and rich for growing crops and raising animals. This is why we are invading and taking the lands of the Pamburg Kingdom. The old Confederation lands are small and depleted.”
Exmore looked up with a smile to see the direction of the Kingdom of the Wind, which was across the vast Delta waters and saw the plume of black smoke in the sky. “I don’t wanna live here. I thought I would continue to live inside the Kingdom of the Wind, where I was born. What is that cloud of rich black colored dust over the skyline? Is that near my home?”
His father reared back an arm and slapped the back spine of his son Exmore with a hand, swiftly propelling the teen from the deck of the barge and down into the water. He smiled down into the water. “Good! I’m so glad that you have chosen the right pathway, son. Go and find a prince. Kill the prince. Then, you can live here for the rest of your days, son,” he spun around with a smile and entered back into the steering cabin on the river barge which served as the command center of the invasion of the Pamburg Kingdom.
Underneath the clear blue tinted Delta water, Exmore dropped down in a big splash of waves and descended into the depths of the water, halting, and hold the lips shut before drowning. He waved the arms back and forth with annoyance at his father for the shove out the level platform and the ruin of the suit of orange in the water. He floated upright in the water, kicking both arms and legs, thinking about resurfacing and crawling back onto the deck. His father would not shove him off a second. Or he would tattle to his mother Jennessee.
The hunger gator swiftly darted out from underneath the bottom of the river barge with an open mouth of fangs and a growling stomach of empty food while waiting for an easy prey. Some of the other males swam too fast from the gator or swung a silver weapon at the mouth of the gator. The nose hit the back spine of Exmore. He swam forward with a gasp of alarm and spun around with an open mouth of fear. The mouth of fangs touched and clamped down on the wiggling arm of Exmore, swimming forward, dragging the wiggling body of Exmore toward the opposite shore and away from the river barge for a mid-day meal.


***


Inside the swamp water behind the open gate, Vantrey swam upright and then broke through the water surface first behind the open gate while exhaling out a tongue of salt water with a smile, pointing at the interior side of the gates in silence. Each Confederation native and royal emerged a head skull and a collar bone up from the warm waters of the Delta, swimming inside the water, slowly reaching up and grabbed onto the sleek glittering vertical bar, slowly climbing up each horizontal bar, and eventually reaching the bottom foundation of the outside platform, where a series of circular openings were built into the foundation of the Prince House.


2nd hour (early afternoon)


Kingdom of the Sand

Home of Imperator Kung, his wife Imperatoress Haildrameme
   and his two daughters
      first royal Princess Pelf and second royal Princess Nixie

Tan and beige beach with streaks of yellow dancing lightning bolts
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and blue sky

6th level floor location
Bath Hall setting
Hot steam and wet floors


The room was a square shape of tan colored hard walls and four stories tall with one-fourth of the wall made of glass to show off the array of individual yellow lightning strikes that streaked across the blue skyline during the day and nighttime hours.
There were two rows which contained a set of individual long hard tables that could hold one outstretched naked body. The flood of white heated steam covered the walls, the floor, the tables, the air waves, and the face of Cumberrun. He coughed in the heated air and exhaled with a tongue of sweet breath, wiping off with a sweaty face.
The bath hall space could be utilized by any royal, male or female. Usually, the male royal would rest on top of a long table in the nude while a pair of firm and warm hands will massage a certain body part with a slight grunt of the motion. The hands belonged to a slave girl, who hailed from the geographical arena which was known as the Freelands and not part of the Confederation. Each slave girl entertained each male or female royal with a hand massage. She wore a long and sleeveless white dress over a tall body of naked dark tinted skin with a head of black colored long hair in a tight ponytail and a pair of blue and white swirling eyeballs. She was blind, but used her firm hands to see, taste, and feel.
The group of slave girls lived far behind the scattered row of servant sand castles. The mountainous region of the Freelands resided far away behind the landscape of the Kingdom of the Wind, but no other royal teen had visited there before, only the adult royal males. Then, the adult royal males would trade a young female for a wagon of metal components either, maintaining the vile human sale barter with the two nations.
Within the Kingdom of the Sand, the tan colored Social Tower Building stood tall within the tan colored sands between the two shorelines of the Delta salt water and the dark blue Great Ocean like a high beacon which could be similar to a shoreline lighthouse. She guessed during the day the twenty-ninth floor of glass windows which reflected the sunlight to each passing ship through the ocean waters and at night, the window bounced by the moonlight rays back into the dark skyline for all sailors to see also.
Far behind and slightly beside the Social Tower Building, there were a set of scattered and clustered three and two story sand castles that exclusively belonged to the teen and the adult royals.
Further behind the royal sand castles, there were the five story sand castles without windows where the group of servants lived and thrived when not waiting on each royal.
Inside the archway, each rude and laughing native moved in and out between the series of rolling waves of heated white colored steam and turned, scanning all the walls, the windows, the ceiling, the floor, and each upright stationary massage table while coughing out all the heated air from a tight throat. 
Cumberrun moved ahead with a sneer after shoving his tall body through the heavy crowd of natives that resided within the Confederation and stopped, standing near the archway with a gasp. The fourth floor was a bath house, where an ocean of drifting steamy water currents floated around the moist and steamy room as and, his eyeballs stared at each lovely sight of two folded naked bodies that fucked on top of each massage table.
On top of one the numerous massage tables near the forward wall, a naked male rested on a back spine beside a naked girl. He lifted a naked arm into the air and as he yelled with a laugh. “Hey, slave girl! Come over here, if you can see me!”
A naked girl rested beside her naked boyfriend in a semi-cuddle with a sour frown. “She can’t see. She’s blind, dumbass.”
He sneered out loud while lying on top of the hard table. “Well, she can still touch me. Hey, slave girl! Can you hear me? Come over here right now!”
A second naked male on top of next massage table was fucking another male and yelled in fury. “I can hear you, too, stupid! Shut up, man!”
The first naked male continued to hold an arm into the air with a sneer, “Shut up, asshole! Hey, slave girl! Come over here to me! Come over here and massage my dick, slave girl!” He laughed.
Inside the archway of the bath house, Cumberrun gasped in shock and then sneered with a whisper of angry for his eardrums only while standing in place, staring with a set of fireballs at the rude, naked male on top of one of the numerous massage tables. “I will come over there to massage your naked ass, sir. Then, I will break your wrinkled naked penis into two separate pieces while I slam your two hairy balls into two puddles of dog piss, dickhead. Then, you can order me around the steam bathing room with your new girly whine. You got no right to boss people around which includes that cute slave girl,” he reached out and shoved away the crowd of people with a sneer, moving towards the nasty teen with the good intention of a social lesson of manners.
Then, his tan colored cheekbone face patch tickled his skin and sung with the tiny words of Strawn. Cumberrun reached up and slapped the face patch into activation with a sour frown while repeating the words of his princely brother. “Where in the hell am I? Where in the fuck are you, Strawnella?”
He paused and listened to the one-side vile conversation from Strawn through the cheekbone face patch in silence.
He said into the cheekbone face patch with a sneer, “Yeah, I had to shove my ass through a set of smelly and heated bodies and then stand here on top of the sixth floor. Where is your ass located?”
Pause.
“Yeah, I can hear the roar of the crowd through the face patch too. There is a crowd of assholes in here too.”
Pause.
“What am I seeing?” He laughed with a smirk.  Well, there are numerous…” He gasped with worry. If Cumberrun told Strawn about the naked bodies on the sixth floor, then his brother would come up and investigate also. He exhaled with annoyance. “Yeah! There are some unusually activities up here too. However, I don’t see the ‘pretty seat.’ I’m leaving now from the sixth floor and moving up the next floor. Are you scouting out the fifth floor and then the seventh floor?”
Pause.
“Good. We will meet on the top floor of this building. Good luck, bro!” Cumberrun back stepped from the archway and spun around, shoving a set of shorter and greedy natives away from both sides of a body with a smile at the female. “Hey there, pretty girl!”
Outside the long hallway that led from the staircase, Nixie held the dress hem of the gown and slowly moved ahead through a slick opening from the pair of Sun guards, sneering at Cumberrun. “I am a princess, not a pretty girl.”
“You’re an ugly bitch princess then,” Cumberrun stood in place with a laugh and turned to face the archway, following behind the ass of the nasty princess with curiosity, stopping and stood in the archway with a sneer to see the action.
Nixie entered the Bath Hall with a sneer and stopped, standing behind the slave girl, who continued to message the body of a naked male. She pointed down at the edge of the white tinted ratty dress on the female slave with a laugh. “Take her right now!”
A pair of female Sun guards moved ahead with a stern face and stopped, reaching out, grabbing an arm of the slave girl in silence, dragging the slave away from the naked male.
“Hey, bitch! She was messaging my dick. You can’t have her warm hands,” the young male growled at Nixie.
Nixie spun around to face the crowd and the archway, leading the slave girl and the two female Sun guards with a sour frown and a sour tone down toward the crowded hallway. “Massage your own dick, asshole!”
The young male on top of the massage table snarled with a sour frown at the back spine of Nixie. “Hey, you! Come back here with my slave girl right now!”
Nixie laughed with a wicked grin. “Don’t worry! She’s coming back here, very soon,” she moved through the narrow space of two Sun guards between the standing and screaming crowd of rude and loud natives while bumping into the other elbows and biceps of each person, moving ahead back toward Cumberrun, strolling ahead into the crowded hallway and then towards the staircase.


7th floor level
Art Hall
Interior setting


Strawn slowly climbed up the enclosed staircase with the rest of the natives and slipped off from the staircase, turning to face an archway on the seventh floor within the Social Tower building, where a set of embedded light lamps illuminated a busy hallway that came from a group of body heat signatures. He stopped and stood with some of the other natives inside the archway, feeling weird and confused.
The native girl pointed with a giggle at some of the people inside the room. “This is the Art Hall where all the royal art paintings are kept.”
Inside the hallway of the Art Hall of four stories tall, the floor was dotted with a set of naked upright people between the two walls who wore a colorful art piece over an exposed nude body. Some of the naked girls were finger fucking each other’s pussy upright while wearing the torn piece of art work around the waistline.
Some of the naked couple was performing a fucking action in an upright pose while wearing one single piece of art work that was cuddled around the two bodies. As the couple shifted back and forth during sex, the piece of art work stretched and ripped through the fabric canvas.
Strawn laughed with a smile. “What a bunch of fucking nuts? I hope that I find Teath really soon, so I can leave out from here,” he back stepped with a chuckle and spun around, dashing back into the crowd on the staircase.


8th floor level
Assembly Hall
Interior setting


Ovilla sat on the bottom tier of the homemade rough wooden bleacher and held both hands over each sensitive eardrum with a sour frown while hearing the loud cheers, foot stomping, and louder screams from every single native of Confederation.
Pio danced in the middle of the Assembly Hall floor while entertaining all the Confederation natives with her talented shaft skills. All the adult royals and the male teens had gone to war for fun.
Ovilla had been stuck here inside the Assembly Hall to oversee nothing and having no fun. She exhaled with a puff of frustration and boredom.
Pio tossed her twirling shaft into the air and elegantly spun her body around in a completed circle, stopping in place, catching the rotating shaft and then bowed down onto both of her kneecaps with a hidden smile.
The audience cheered, foot stomped, and screamed with fun.
Pio stood upright from the marble floor with a smile and both of her arms into the air. “Thank you! Thanks! I must change my sweated and soiled clothing for the next exhibition act. Please feel free to eat and move around,” she dashed ahead with a smile and ran through the crowd, hand slapping with a laugh and fist bumping with a hiss each native and raced toward the hallway bathroom to change her dirty clothes.
On the floor, Ovilla stood upright from the low seat with a sour frown, then moved ahead from the bottom row on the homemade bleacher and stopped, standing in front of one particular life-sized granite status of tan hue with a smile. “Hey, little man!”
Orkey continued to sit down over the curved skull on the life-sized male granite statue with a sour frown, staring at the floor and turned to frown at Ovilla. “I am insulted, princess.”
She smiled. “Hey, little man! Do you wanna get outta of here?”
He stood upright on top of the curved skull with a smile and wiggled both hips with a wink at pretty princess Ovilla. “Yes! Yes! I would. I would do. I do with you.”
She raised up on a set of tippy toes and reached out, grabbing the short Oracle from out the curved skull of the statue, slamming his short body upright and down onto the dirty floor in front of her princess shoes. She reached down with a sour frown and shoved Orkey toward the side wall inside the Assembly Hall with a sneer. “Then, move it! We’re going someplace special, just the two of us.”
Orkey moved ahead with a smile and rubbed both hands while wiggling the hips, strolling ahead of the new girly princess with a giggle. “I do. I do. I do with you, too.”
They slowly moved ahead through the thick crowd of natives toward one of the three open archways and fought a foot path back down the single staircase.



Pamburg Kingdom

Home of dead King Conic and his wife dead Queen Shemerry
   and thirteen dead princesses
     and single live and breathing Princess Teath

Warm temperatures and bright stars with moonlight

Mountain castle location
Princess throne room setting


The princess throne room was really an extra-large cave-like a room with a set of four solid walls and a high ceiling of natural coated black colored stone which was really a curvy out hole inside the mountain. The four walls blocked out the weather elements of heat and sun. The front of the princess throne exhibited a single arched doorway of stone where a set of burnt plant stems dangled in the air and a pair of dead squires rested on the bloody floor.
On the far side wall inside the princess throne room, there stood two individual throne chairs made of the same black stone on the wall to disguise the bodies. Inside one of the pits, Pamburg Squire Number Fifty-Six continued to rest on a back spine on top of the scattered red and gray tinted ashes with a loud groan of pain after the vicious fall off the narrow ledge. He slowly sat upright and posed on the legs, wiping off the blood from a pair of busted lips and a set of blooding nose holes. He slowly stood upright from the floor with a louder moan of pain and shuffled ahead towards the short concrete wall, slowly climbing on top of the narrow ledge, and stood upright in place with a loud hiss.
Inside the cavern, the queens had exited out from the darkened princess throne room and stood in the middle of the cave floor with a set of giggles and smiles. They had defeated each squire of the Pamburg Kingdom. Now, each royal Confederation son was leading a group of Confederation warriors to kill the fourteen Pamburg sixteen-year-old royal princes. Then, the entire kingdom would belong to the queen and kings of the Confederation.
Inside the princess throne room, the squire slowly moved ahead and held the back of the bloody rear skull, where he had not died but exhibited a splitting headache with a pair of ringing ears and a pair of blurry eyeballs. He slowly moved ahead through the archway with a gasp and spun around moving backward while staring at the two dead squires, who were also his personal friends.
“Look!” Queen Ylangling pointed at the alive and injured Pamburg squire with a shock.
Glay spun around and sprinted forward with a growl, reaching out and grabbed the alive squire by the front of the neck, holding her horizontal shaft of tiny sharp blades at naked neckline.
“Don’t, Glay!” Marquee Jennessee spun around with a gasp and then smiled. “We need a servant, since you killed everyone today with your bloody shaft. I wanna go up to the lake and swim within the sweet water. Then, I want a cold beverage and a tray of hot food. He is the only servant here on the entire mountain complex, until we can move in our staff of personal Sand servants on tomorrow morning.”
Duchess Torgeezus grinned with a nod. “I concur.”
Ylangling smiled with a nod. “I agree.”
Haildrameme frowned. “Put down your shaft! Release him, Glay!”
Glay huffed in fury and released the squire. “Take off your clothing!”
Each Confederation queen giggled with a grin at the alive and injured Pamburg squire.
“What?” He held the rear of the skull with a sour frown.
“Take off all of your clothing! Then, you cannot escape from us or harm us.” Haildrameme pointed at his royal Pamburg attire with a smile. He slowly removed all the battle gear, starting with the chest vest, a pair of trousers, and the pair of knee high boots while keeping on the underwear.
Each queen giggled with fun.
Haildrameme moved ahead toward the staircase with a smile. “Follow me! We’re going to tour the mountain castle. What is the stairs that leads up to the second floor?”
He exhaled with a huff of embarrassment. “The princess domes are located on the second floor.”


Princess dome location
Second level sitting


Haildrameme swung around from the princess cavern with a smile and dashed ahead, climbing up the rock coated staircase, stepping off onto the second floor. She raced ahead and stopped, staring into the first princess dome.
Each dome had been strategically spaced for personal privacy and personality charge of each alive and breathing sister princess. Once upon a time, an alive and breathing princess could lounge on top of an elevated chair on top of the flat rock floor with a color coded face patch, communicating with all the sisters or one. Thus, the princess dome could keep the dueling catfight to a minimum between the set of sassy sisters.
Haildrameme dashed ahead over the exterior balcony with a racing heart and a mind of excitement and turned, scanning each dome with a gasp of beauty. The dome had an open structure which featured a living setting space with a set of elevated throne chairs and sofa, a sleeping space with a single bed frame that hugged the rear of the smooth midnight blue tinted mountain rock for privacy for each princess sister while blocking the heat and secretly reading an arm patch for fun. Each individual empty princess dome and moved around a curved open balcony that served as a hallway. Each princess dome was built with a set of four upright arched columns underneath a dome rooftop.
She continued to dash ahead with a giggle. “The sight is so far that I can almost see the heavens. Look at this! The exterior balcony goes completely around the other side of the mountain castle. It is so pretty and quiet up here!”
Jennessee stepped off the staircase and followed behind Haildrameme, staring into each dome. Now the dome was empty and lifeless without the pretty and lively sister princess. She continued to run down along the open balcony with a sneer, “Except, for Haildrameme and her big mouth! Shut fuck up, darling! So, we can all enjoy the sun and the view of heaven too.”
The other queens slowly stepped off the staircase and swiftly followed behind the queen line while staring into each dome with a smile.
At the front of the queen line, Haildrameme leaped into the air with a grin and flew over the flat stream of water, landing in the water with a giggle, slowly stepping out of the water and stood upright on top of the rock exterior balcony. She removed the gown and dropped the fabric onto the hard surface, moving ahead, scooting around each docked jettie with a giggle and a grin.
Each queen followed behind the naked ass of Haildrameme and slowly peeled off the gown and the shoes also while hopping over each stream of running water that flooded down from the fresh water lake on top of the flat peak and then landed on top of the flat rock with a giggle and a grin.
Glay swiftly climbed the staircase and stepped off onto the solid surface with a smile slowly removing the long gown with a laugh, strolling over the exposed balcony floor on the side of the mountain castle with a smile in nakedness. She whipped her shaft side to side into the air with fun while studying the first princess dome. She enjoyed the bright sun and the cold breeze on top of the mountain castle, deciding which dome to select for her personal room. She stopped and stood in front of the first object with a smile as all the other queens leaped into the air, soared over each stream, and landed on the other side, rushing ahead. Glay reached out and touched the smooth metal object with a naked hand and a smile. “What is this conception?”
Pamburg Squire Number Fifty-Six slowly followed behind a line of naked asses on each queen and stopped with a face of dried blood, standing in behind the naked ass of Glay, reaching up and picked off the dried blood, examining the small open wounds for an infection. He exhaled with a huff of annoyance. “The gigantic placid lake drains down the mountain in a series of waterfalls. To access the waterfall, a princess would ride and fly inside the jettie. That is a short term air ship from the princess dome and then up to the king dome.”
“Open it up!” Glay pointed the shaft at the jettie with a sneer.
He frowned. “I cannot.”
“I order it.”
He exhaled. “I cannot.”
Glay spun around with a sneer to see the squire and reached out, shoving the bigger tip with the pointy blade on her shaft with a sneer into the edge of his throat at the Adam’s apple. “Open it up!”
The line of other queens stopped and then spun around with a gasp, racing back to Glay and the jettie ship at the first waterfall of water. Some of the queens stopped and stood in front of the stream of water. The other queens leaped from the balcony, into the air, over the stream, and landed near Glay, standing at the nose profiles of Glay and the squire.
Naked Jennessee parked both hands around a pair of naked breasts with a tickling sensation and a giggle, staring with a grin at the squire, “What is wrong here, Glay?”
“What are you doing, Glay? He is the only servant on the mountain castle. Do not kill him! He will wait and service us as we watch the defeat of the Pamburg Kingdom.” Naked Haildrameme stopped and stood in front of the stream of sparkling water with a sour frown as the warm sun tanned on a naked body and the light breeze tickled her breasts.
Naked Glay reached out and touched the object with a sneer. “What is this thing?”
The squire exhaled with annoyance while captured and working as a real slave. “The jettie is an enclosed airship without windows to protect each sister princess from harm. The jettie is remote controlled from the king dome when it is used to travel from each princess house and land on top of the natural lake platform at the peak of the mountain for a fun day or evening of water play. The rest of the planet is too wild and violent for a vicious viper much less a princess. The shortest mountain on Pamburg houses a placid lake and a majestic dome, where the king and queen lived, who watch over each precious daughter. The lake waters slowly and calmly flowed down one side of the short mountain into a set of sixteen sparkling mini-rivers. Between each placid mini-river, a princess dome was built that totaled fourteen. On the outer edges of the two mini-rivers, there is not a dome structure. Thus, the king and the queen of Pamburg always birthed a set of fourteen princesses that represent the strength and the survival of the short Pamburg Mountain.”
Naked Ylangling smiled at the jettie and reached out, touching the smooth metal with a pair of naked breasts with a giggle and a grin. “It is cold!”
Naked Glay pointed the shaft at the jettie with a sour frown. “He will not open up this thing which is called a jettie. It is an air ship, since it is the only transportation up to the lake on top of the mountain.”
Naked Torgeezus spun around from the jettie with a smile and shaded the eyelashes to see the height of the mountain castle. “O. That is bad. O. That is important. Then, you open it for us, Glay.”
He exhaled with a huff of annoyance at the stupid queen. “I cannot open the jettie either. The metal only contains a hand print of each of the dead fourteen princesses. My hand print or my blood will not activity the metal, even if you cut my throat or sever my hand for the gory task.”
Naked Glay nodded with a tern face and continued to roam both hands over the smooth metal. “Yes! That makes sense to me. Our technology of metal hand imprintation is very sophisticated.” She nodded with a stern face. “I believe you.”
Naked Torgeezus continued to stare at the mountain peak with a puzzled brow. “So, how do we get up and see the mountain lake?”
Naked Ylangling nodded with a smile. “We go back down and ride inside one of the airships.”
He smiled at each naked woman. “There isn’t a flying airship that is located here on the top of the mountain castle. The jettie is the only air transportation up to the mountain lake.”
Naked Jennessee reached out and shoved both hands onto the ship with a puzzled brow. “The jettie does not shift away from the water spot. It is too heavy for my hands.”
Naked Torgeezus spun around from the mountain peak to see Haildrameme with a puzzled brow. “O! So, are we going to go back home to the Confederation lands?”
Naked Glay sneered. “No! We are not retuning back home to the Confederation. We are invading the Pamburg Kingdom. We are the new rulers here and we are staying until we rule everything.”
Naked Torgeezus spun around from the jettie with a giggle and ran ahead through the water with a giggle. “Then, there is another way up and onto the mountain lake. Let’s find it, ya’ll!” She dashed ahead over the rest of the curved balcony, stopping at the end of the hard surface, and turned, stepping down a set of rock coated stairs with a puzzled brow.
The other queens spun around with a grin and dashed after the naked ass of Torgeezus, splashing over the shallow stream of water with a giggle, racing towards the end of the balcony and turned, running down the steps and entered the cavern mouth also.
The squire exhaled with a huff of both annoyance and worry about his life and his kingdom, slowly moving over the rock-coated balcony, splashing a pair of naked feet into the cool water stream also with a stern face and followed behind the line of queens.


Nan cavern entrance setting
Cool temperatures and semi-darkness from sunlight


Naked Torgeezus moved inside a few feet and stopped with a puzzled brow, standing in middle of the cave. The cave room had been cut off with small hole where a single bed mattress stood on top of a wide stand with a set of messy blankets in the solid color of tan without a pretty pattern of flowers. Each queen followed behind Torgeezus and stopped to face each cubby holes, forming a semi-crooked line inside the long cavern.
Naked Jennessee sniffed the air waves with a smile. “I smell the piney odor.”
The semi-naked squire had strolled down the end of the balcony and turned to face the staircase, climbing down each step, and entered the cave, stopping a few feet with a smile at each naked woman. “A Pamburg native smells like piney scent.”
Naked Ylangling moved ahead with a smile and entered one of the cubby holes inside the wall of the dark cave. “O. It is a cave.”
“What is this place?” Naked Glay turned and moved ahead, entering a different cubby hole for inspection with a puzzled brow.
He continued to stand and smile at each queen. “This is an enclosed and dugout cavern. This is where all curved portion of the princess throne room runs into the rock of the mountain in the rear of the dark cave, where the nurse or Nans lived.”
Naked Haildrameme slowly moved around and stopped in front of one cubby hole without entering with the room with a puzzled brow. “It’s all dark and enclosed like a cave. Does an animal live in here?”
“No.” The squire continued to stand with a smile at each wandering queen.
Naked Jennessee whirled around and exited the cubby hole with a puzzled brow. “Why is it so depressing and dark inside here?”
The squire smiled at each wandering queen. “I am guessing here. But you have never babysat fourteen whining little girls before,” he laughed with the queens.
Naked Glay continued to stand upright and survey each curved cave wall with a puzzled brow. “How do we get up onto the mountain lake?”
He smiled. “Each princess flew inside the jettie to travel from the princess dome up to the mountain lake castle.”
Naked Glay continued to stand and frown at each curved wall of solid purple tinted rock. “The jettie does not open with any of our hand print.”
“There is not an exterior set of steps that climb up to the mountain lake. So, there is some type of hidden door inside here. Go and examine each solid portion of the cave wall!” Naked Haildrameme moved ahead with a stern face and stopped, standing between the cubby holes, reaching out and slapped both flat palms over the smooth rock.
Each naked queen spun around and moved ahead, stopping, and stood in front of some solid portion of the cave wall, reaching out and slapped both flat palms, rubbing the smooth rock for a hidden seams or a secret passage way.
“Queens, there is not a hidden door in here. The only method for each one of you to fly up to the mountain lake is by a jettie,” he continued to stand and smile at each queen.
Naked Glay back stepped with a puzzle brow and reached down, grabbing the shaft, and lifted the shaft up into the air. She reared back and slammed the shaft forward into the solid rock wall with a loud whamp. A section of soft purple colored dirt wiggled side to side and then dropped down, landing on top of the clean rock floor. She stared through the oval shaped hole with a gasp. “Yes! There is a secret passage. And I have found it here on this wall. It runs along the side with the rock-coated staircase. It is a covered doorway with a set of more rock-coated steps.” Each queen back stepped with a gasp and spun around to face Glay and the broken wall with a smile, dashing ahead and stopped, standing i front of the tiny opening. Each one reached out and touched the soft dirt, tearing the hole bigger and wider, revealing an empty space of musty air.
Naked Jennessee back stepped with a sneeze and a frown, looking down to see a pair of dirty hands. “I don’t wanna get dirty. I don’t do work like this as a queen.” 
“Me, too!” Naked Ylangling frowned down at her dirty hands too.
“Me, three!” Naked Torgeezus stared down at her pair of dirty hands also.
Naked Haildrameme back stepped with a smile and stared at the tiny opening, where the hands of the queen worked on the hole. “We don’t.”
Naked Glay continued to dig with both hands with a sour frown. “If we don’t, then we don’t get to see the mountain lake.”
“Yes, we will. We allow our solo servant to do dug through the soft dirt and find the secret passage with your hands,” naked Haildrameme spun around with a smile and reached down, grabbing the shaft, handing it to the squire with a nod.
Naked Glay back stepped with a cheer and spun around, reaching down, and grabbed her shaft, holding in the air with a nod in silence to the squire. The squire accepted the shaft from Haildrameme and moved ahead with a sour frown to clear out the dirt away from the hidden passageway. “Yes, your highness!” He stopped and stood in front of the tiny hole, rearing back, and slammed the shaft forward while creating a bigger and wider hole with a loud grunt of hard work. The queens bounced up and down while clapping and cheering with happiness.


***


At the Pamburg Science building, in front of the entrance door, Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-Six spun around from the steel door of the building with a gasp to see the top of the mountain castle.
Pamburg Lady Number Six said via his metal forearm patch into the air waves for his eardrums only in a tiny voice. “What is happening out there before the science building? I can’t open the door to the science building for any reason.”
He shaded both eyelids and stared at the balcony of the mountain castle with a puzzled brow, saying back into his metal forearm patch. “There seems to be a set of heavy movement of people on top of the exterior balcony of the mountain castle in front of the princess domes which doesn’t make any sense. The Princess Walk had finished. There should not be any movement up there from a princess.”
She said via his arm patch with a tiny voice into the air waves. “Then, all the princesses are dead.”
He gasped. “No. That is not right! That can’t be right! There has to be a princess to serve as the queen of Pamburg.”
She said via his arm patch with a tiny voice into the air waves. “Yes, only one or two princesses survive the Princess Walk. Therefore, there are only old and crappy Nans in few numbers.”
He continued to survey the balcony of the mountain castle that held much activity with a puzzled brow. “If the Princess Walk is danger, then why didn’t each princess reject the Princess Walk?”
She gasped via his arm patch and said into the air waves. “What are you talking about? A princess would never refuse the Princess Walk. How could a princess reject and not perform the Princess Walk. If the princess wanted to become the queen, then she had to do the Princess Walk like I did.”
He continued to survey the mountain with a gasp of understanding. The Nans did not explain to each princess the array of water pits of gators and the final consequence as the chosen queen of Pamburg. So, this particular Pamburg Lady had performed the walk through the gators and survived and then refused to become the next queen. He frowned down into his metal arm patch, “Never thee mind! This is so strange. The balcony on the mountain castle shows a set of moving bodies,” he looked down and tapped on the arm patch which would focus onto the balcony of the mountain castle.
The arm patch was a wonderful devise of vocal and visual communication. However, it was limited with one function of vocal or visual communication unless it was a recording tape of activity.
He had to cut off the conversation from the hidden Pamburg Lady inside the science building for a short time.
He whispered for his eardrums only at the live action scene on the arm patch. “It is not a Pamburg amber skin colored princess. I see a set of mature adults with various colored hair in a long dress. I see a row of huge boat ships that are parked outside the twin gates. One of the crystal gates has been opened wide for entrance. Why would the old lead squire do that? He has allowed all the royals from the Confederation nations into the Pamburg Kingdom.” He gasped with alarm and cut off the visual image on the arm patch, switching back to hear the vocal voice of the hidden Pamburg Lady inside the science building. “This is an invasion. I see all the queens from the Confederation. They are up there and searching through each princess dome on top of balcony of the mountain castle.”
She gasped via his arm patch in the air waves. “Why would we be invaded here at the Pamburg castle? We are a peaceful society.”
He exhaled. “You guessed it correctly, the first time. All the Pamburg princesses are dead. Thus, it is an invasion on the mountain castle by all the royals and the natives from the Confederation. Why would that happen? I don’t understand.”
 She said via his arm patch in the air waves. “Because, when each Pamburg princess is dead, then the ancient treaty has been violated.”
“What ancient treaty?”
She gasped via his arm patch and said in the air waves. “There is ancient treaty of peace between the Confederation Nations and the Pamburg Kingdom as long as there is a living and breathing king and queen on top of the two throne chairs. Thus, there is continued peace on the entire continent.”
He gasped and stared at the movement on the mountain castle. “No, you lie.”
She gasped via his arm patch and said into the air waves, “Yes, I truth.”
He turned with a puzzled brow to see the lividly commotion near the twin gates at the Delta waters in the far distance. “And the Prince House is being invaded by the Confederation weasels, too, so there truly is a dead Pamburg prince also. But what does this war invasion mean to us and me and you?”
She gasped via his arm patch and said in the air waves. “It means that the Pamburg Kingdom is going to war, without a king or a queen.
“So, the kingdom needs a king, which is me.” He laughed at the moving activity on the outside of the Prince House. “We must rush this. Can one of the heated bottles of a mature fetus be proclaimed as the new princess of the Pamburg Kingdom?”
She gasped via his arm patch and said in the air waves. “Well, I…I guess so. Why is that important now?”
“I am the true heir of Pamburg Kingdom, as long as, I can claim a true native Pamburg princess. Then, the Pamburg Kingdom will be spared from the vile dogs of the Confederation army.”
She gasped via his arm patch and said in the air waves. “How did you figure that out? How are you, the true heir of Pamburg?”
“I possess the only unique trait of the Pamburg king.”
She gasped via his arm patch and said into the air waves. “You do not. I have been searching for the unique trait from the first ancient king of Pamburg also. What is it? What is the kingly trait that you possess on your body?”
He turned with a laugh and raced away from the building toward his ground airship with a smile, saying into the arm patch. “There is no time right now. Go and pluck one of the mature female fetuses out from the oven, Pamburg Lady! I’ll go and explain to all the rude and vile invaders from the Confederation that they are the losers here within the Pamburg Kingdom. And I am taking the throne seat as the new king of Pamburg. I must go, but I’ll return back to you and the newborn Pamburg princess. Then, I’ll sever each skull and stab it down into a pike pole for my fun collection of the royals of the Confederation,” he slapped the metal arm patch and then cut off the vocal and visual communication between him and the science building while planning his plot to kill all the Confederation dogs.
Behind the locked and sealed door on the science building, Pamburg Lady gasped via his arm patch and said in the air waves. “No! Wait! Tell me! How are you the real king of Pamburg? Why does the Pamburg princess need to be a newborn baby? I can be both your princess and your wife. I wanna be the queen of Pamburg.”
Outside the building on top of the glittering white tinted crystal smooth walking pavement, he moved up the ramp and ran ahead through the open hatchway, sliding down into the pilot chair with a laugh, slamming both hands over the flat glass console with a smile. “I am coming. The newly crowned Pamburg king is coming. Don’t harm too many of my new subjects! I need a set of new servants to entertain my needs and feed my person.”
The Pamburg airship ignited with power and then slowly lifted up from the crystal pavement and hovered into the air, swirling around in the sky. The ship flew forward with great speed back toward the Prince House.


***


Inside the Pamburg science building, the middle-aged Pamburg Lady swiftly turned away from the steel door and quickly dashed ahead down the long hallway and slammed directly into the laboratory door with a pant of panic. She entered the sterile room and turned to face the solid door, moving ahead and reached up, touching the closed door with her sweat.
The entrance door slid open.
She slid inside the tiny enclosed room with rows of bottles and stood in front of the glass wall with a smile. “This is an enclosed, non-accessible, and hidden largest room inside the laboratory building, where all the fetuses are held until maturity.” She reached over and touched the flush part of the wall, where the hidden wall switch stood and flicked on the power. She looked with an evil grin through the glass wall at all the objects. The side wall illuminated and revealed numerous tables that held hundreds and hundreds of bottled fully grown fetuses that held come from each kingdom of the Confederation.
She laughed with an evil grin. “Now, I have the power. Now, I am going to the queen of Pamburg as the wife of the true king of Pamburg. Now, I will destroy all the fetuses, since fourteen girls and fourteen boys have been genetically alternated by the old Pamburg formal princess and current Nan with a pair of talented fingers,” laughing.
Each table had been marked with a non-descript letter which had bit been associated with the name of the kingdom. The method had been done to prevent tampering by a jealous or crazy Pamburg scientist or a paid enemy of the Confederate spy. The bot computer had handled and marked each glass bottle of every baby fetus based on the blood that had dripped down into the body mold coming from each royal princess. Then, the both computer dropped down each bottled fetus through the floor nightstand opening and wheeled it on top of a convey belt, lifting the bottle up to settle on top of the appropriate assigned table inside the sterile environment. The bottle of the fetus stayed there until the fetus maturity grew into a fully developed baby from the jelly of the birthed mother.
The clear jar was specifically designed to feed an internal growing baby fetus. Inside each jar, the mom’s placenta tissues were re-generated over and over while feeding a continuous string of fluids, oxygen, and nutrients into the fetus. The fetus will grow into a full sized baby. Some of the bottles were tinted in a color blue which represented a baby boy. The pink tints represented a little female. A red tint displayed a dead fetus without life but physical form.
She gasped in alarm and continued to stare at the one single bottle which contained a fully grown fetus. “What is that inside the bottle with the grown fetus? I have never seen that before. Maybe, I should awaken the old woman for a medical explanation,” she leaned down into the glass with a puzzled brow. “Why is the color of the fluid appearing as green tinted inside the glass jar? What does that mean for the growing fetus inside that glass jar?” Her eyeballs darted down and as her fingers tapped onto the metal forearm patch. She frowned in puzzlement. “What does the color of green represent? The old woman didn’t tattle me that information. What does the color of green represent from a growing fetus, arm patch one?”
The arm patch blinked in a series of flashing colorful lights with searching for the answer.


***


Inside the interior space on the lowest floor level in the Gate Tower, the first royal prince from the Kingdom of the Land possessed a tone of red skin and a head of cropped brown colored hair, and a pair of hazel eyeballs with a slender build of lean muscles, silently climbing up each horizontal bar and up through the first opening, standing upright in a set of heavy pants of breath and an array of heavy drops of salt water with a sneer on top of a flat surface, turning to scan the new room. The room was a long rectangle shape with a solid wall of glittering crystal stone behind his ass. In front of his face, there was a row of parked and dead airships that stood on top of an external platform like each ship was ready for take-off.
Modoc reached up and slapped the purple colored dangling earring face patch, where every Confederation royal could hear his words for communication. “I have arrived first inside the Prince House. I am inside an empty hallway, without a prince in sight here. There is a row of grounded airships on top of an external platform,” he moved ahead and away from the opening while pausing and listened to the instructions from Imperator Kung on the one-sided conversation of the face patch, pulling out the knife for body protection that displayed a wet green colored tunic and a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of brown matching boots.
Vantrey emerged up from the next circular opening and stood upright from the floor, moving ahead in a pair of wet brown trousers, a pair of wet matching boots, and a wet chest, wiping off the water from a face and both arms with a stern face. He turned and stared down a long hallway while motioning in silence for each warrior from the Confederation.
Each warrior swiftly emerged up from one of six holes and stood upright on top of the smooth floor, swiftly moving over the floor in front of Modoc and Vantrey while scanning the empty hallway with a sneer.
Vantrey continued to signal each warrior to move ahead and form a set of semi-crooked rows for the attack on the sleeping princes of Pamburg and slapped the purple tinted dangling earring face patch, “Yes, Vetepurr! We will do as you advise, Kung. We will post a warrior in front of the row of Pamburg airships and not let a Pamburg prince escape from the Prince House. We must kill them all, if we are to assume control of the Pamburg Kingdom. Understood!”
“Not me!” The brother of Modoc, the second royal from the Kingdom of the Land Prince Jarl swiftly emerged up from the third circular opening with a sneer and stood upright, turning to see the long empty hallway, wiping off the water from a face and whipped the shaft side to side for fun. “I wanna kill me a prince,” he wore a pair of wet green colored trousers, a pair of matching wet knee boots, and a wet naked chest.
The third blood brother of Modoc and the third royal from the Kingdom of the Land Prince Altus swiftly climbed up the fourth circular opening with a laugh and a wet body, standing upright in place, scanning the empty hallway with a stern face, “Not me, either! I wanna kill two princes.” He wore a pair of red coated devil horns to talk with the other royal teens. Altus stared with a smile at the long hallway with the mental thoughts of killing each prince in silence and twirled the shaft between the fingers without the exposed deadly blades with a laugh and a grin, staring at the empty hallway without a prince.
From the Kingdom of the Lakes, second royal prince Gunnison emerged up from the fifth hole with a smile and stood upright, moving away from the opening, and wore a wet pair of matching trousers, and a pair of wet knee boots, and a wet naked chest. He was a tall and slender body, a bald head, and a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin. “I wanna kill three princes.”
From the Kingdom of the Lakes, first royal prince Ferron emerged up from the sixth opening and stood upright over the floor, possessing a tall and muscular body frame, a bald head, a pair of blue tinted eyeballs, and a tone of dark skin like his father, twirling the shaft between two hands, wearing a pair of purple trousers that were tucked down into a pair of matching knee boots and a naked chest with a pair of red tinted face patch devil horns on the wet forehead. He slowly moved ahead and stood next to Jarl, turning to scan the single row of royal teens with a sneer. “I wanna kill four princes.”
Second royal prince Datto emerged up from one of the open holes with a laugh and stood upright on top of the new floor, wearing a set of wet clothes and a wet naked chest also. “That is a total of ten princes.”
Third royal prince Lorchess climbed up one of the opening and stood beside his brother Datto. Both wore a single purple dangling golden earring on a left earlobe for fun and dared one of the other teen or adult royal smart ass males to insult their selection face patch for a nice bloody beating. Each brother wore a head of black colored long shaggy shoulder length hair, a pair of green eyeballs, a tone of pale tinted skin, a tall body form, and a set of muscular biceps coming from handling and wrestling with the numerous dangerous, tall, and live mammals within the Kingdom of the Snow. Each brother wore a pair of black trousers that were tucked down into a pair of knee high boots with a naked chest, twirling an individual shaft with both hands, staring at the three semi-crooked rows of Confederation warriors. He laughed. “Four royals wanna take out seventy-one percent of the princes. That does not seem fair and equitable.”
Modoc continued to stare and study the empty hallway with a sneer at each royal. “Shut up, all!”
Datto laughed. “Who is staying behind to guard the airships? So, a prince can’t escape my blade.” 
Ferron sneered. “Exmore can stand guard here and protect the row of grounded airships. Where is third royal prince Exmore?”
Jarl stared ahead at the back spine of three rows of wet and dripping Confederation warriors with a worried brow. “It looks like we are fewer males then before, after we all jumped down from each river barge and landed inside the water. Who else is missing?”
Datto turned and scanned the rows of back spine of each wet warrior that stood and swayed side to side for upcoming battle in front of the line of royals with a laugh. “O. Do you really mean to ask me? Who got eaten underneath the waters by the nest of gators?”
Vantrey spun around and gasped at Datto. “Who else got eaten by the nest of gators?”
Datto winked with a smile at Vantrey. “I saw thirteen of your sissy Sun guards eaten up for lunch by a nest of hunger gators.”
Lorchess laughed with a wink at Vantrey. “I saw twelve of the fisher boys consumed by another nest of hunger gators too.”
Jarl laughed. “I thought a fisher boy could wrestle a gator underneath the water.”
Altus laughed. “Guess so!” 
“Guess not!” Jarl laughed again.
Vantrey gasped. “How many warriors have we lost?”
Datto laughed. “O. Do you really mean to ask me? How many sissy warriors from the Kingdom of the Sun have we lost?”
Modoc spun around with a sneer to see the row of smartass teen royal males. “Shut your sound! We don’t want to be discovered out here without a plan. That does not matter right now. What matters right now, all the alive and breathing Pamburg princes! This is a hallway, where the airships live. Kung said to run down the hallway and turn at the wall corner. Then, that next hallway is the squire apartments.”
Jarl frowned. “How does Kung know so much?”
Altus nodded. “He visited here on the second day of his imperator reign and memorized the buildings, the landscape, and the words of the king. Then, he added all the new images in writing to create a map of the Pamburg Kingdom.”
Gannon frowned. “Has the great war been planned by the royal this year?”
Ferron nodded with a smile at the rows of swaying Confederation warriors. “An invasion of the Pamburg Kingdom has been planned for days, months, years, decades, centuries. But, we get to fell and fail.
From the Kingdom of the Sun, second royal prince Qcraft emerged up from one of the openings with more of the Confederation warriors and stood upright, swinging around to face the objects with a smile, wearing a set of wet clothes and a wet naked chest. “How interesting! There are only thirteen airships on top of the exterior platform of the Prince House.”
Ferron turned and frowned at the row of dead airships. “Yes, I can count, too. There are thirteen airships. Why is that important?”
Qcraft frowned at each dead airship. “There are fourteen princes of the Pamburg Kingdom. So, one ship is for each prince. So, one is missing. Thus, one is dead for some reason. Then, one will not be killed by me for some reason.”
Modoc turned and gasped at the row of airships. “You’re correct! There are only thirteen airships. This is plan.”
“We kill. The plan is easy.” Datto turned to face the hallway with a sneer.
Ferron continued to stand next to Jarl, turning to scan the single row of royal teens with a sneer. “Where’s Exmore?”
Altus continued to stare with a smile at the long hallway with the mental thoughts of killing each prince in silence and twirled the shaft between the fingers without the exposed deadly blades with a laugh and a grin, staring at the empty hallway without a prince. “Ferron is blind with cowardliness. Second royal prince Exmore is not here with me or you or us or them,” laughing.
Jarl tapped the shaft on top of a collar bone, leaning over and forcefully slapped the bicep of his brother Altus with a loud pop and an evil laugh. “Exmore is still on top of the barge.” Second royal prince Jarl would come back home to the Kingdom of the Sand and then would marry Princess Nixie after the Time of Recognition.
Then, Nixie would become the next new young Duchess of the Kingdom of the Land. This proper royal coupling had happened for centuries for the second royals of the Sand and the Land.
Jarl wore a pair of red tinted pair of devil horns which had been dictated by Modoc and a vertical line of red dots which represented dripping red blood proteins that flowed down the left nostril for fun and to talk with his brother Altus.
Qcraft continued to stare with a sneer down a long empty corridor without a single prince. “He had better be serving a tray of cold drinks and hot food on the river barge to all the adult royals inside the command post. Or he can service up my blade,” he lifted the shaft near a sneer and pressed the button, exposing a set of tiny sharp blades over the smooth rod.
Gunnison twirled the shaft with one hand, staring down the long corridor of empty space. “We should have brought along first royal princess Ovilla. She would have been more useful in the fight rather than her sissy ass brother Exmore.”
Datto laughed, “Yeah, Ovilla could have come with us and then fucked them to death.”
Ferron turned and laughed at Modoc. “Hey! Ovilla is a great fuck and does a mean blow-job. Ain’t that right, Modoc?”
Jarl scooted sideways and slammed into the side of Ferron with a sneer. “Shut your mouth!”
Altus leaned over and shoved the big naked bicep of Qcraft without moving the oversized teen over the hard surface with a snarl. “Stop threatening, Exmore! He’s scared and skinny and slender and stupid…”
Qcraft swung a face with a sneer to see Altus. “You’re the stupid royal, who threats me. I both outweigh and outfight you…”
“Shut the fuck up, royals! Stopping making noise! We’re here to fight the group of Pamburg princes, not with each other. Follow me!” Modoc whispered into the pair of red tinted creepy and curved devil horn face patch over each eyebrow which made been cleverly invented by Baron Vetepurr, who ruled the Kingdom of Fire. He spun around and slowly moved ahead next to his best friend Vantrey.


***


Inside the control room within the Gate Tower, all the Pamburg squires and princes stood upright in awe or sat inside a chair in worry, watching the view screen. A fleet of seven facial decorative river barges that came from the Confederation had stopped and parked, wobbling side to side over the calm pale blue waters of the Delta in front of the twin crystal gates and along the side of the crystal fence.
On the view screen, each queen had stood in a royal gown on top of the river barge deck as Imperatoress Haildrameme announced the surprise visit to see and confirm the deaths of each Pamburg princess, where the future piece of information had been predicted by an oracle. Then each queen had been invited to tour the princess throne room and see each pile of gray ashes from a dead princess and now had landed on the top soil of yellow of the mountain castle for the tour which was guided by the eldest Pamburg Squire Number Fifty-Six, who would tell the sorry tale.
On the gigantic view screen which encompassed the entire forward wall, the image showed the dragon face of the first river barge, now the deck was empty of the line of beautiful and elegant queens.
In the row of chairs, Pamburg Squire Number Twenty-Three frowned at the screen. “What is the fleet of barges from the Confederation waiting for? They should leave. We honored the request.”
“The tour will take some time. Then, each queen will come back to the ugly dragon head river barge. Then, the Confederation will leave. Or we will make them leave.” Pamburg Squire Number Forty-Four twirled the shaft between the fingers with a growl.
Squire Number Fifty-seven nodded with a laugh. “They will leave after our fight and their defeat. I promise you that.”
Squire Number Sixty-one frowned. “No. We have twelve surviving Pamburg princes and a princess. Our treaty is honored.”
“Where are Princes Strawn and Cumberrun?” Squire Number Twenty-eight turned and scanned the room of princes with a puzzled brow.
Squire Number Forty-seven nodded at the screen. “They have left the Pamburg Kingdom and are personally escorting the solo princess back here to our homelands. They should be here any moment.”
Squire Number Twenty-nine frowned. “Where are the Confederation queens located by now?”
“They have landed on the shoreline of the mountain castle. Squire Fifty-six is greeting them and then will escort them around the princess throne room. Each queen will see the pile of ashes.” Squire Number Fifty-one nodded.
Sixteen-year-old Prince Octan sat inside the chair at the long monitor table and as a pair of eyeballs was glued to the view screen with a smile. “I wanna see the pile of ashes too.”
Squire Number Twenty-four stood behind Octan and reached down, firmly slapping a cupped hand onto the collar bone with a smile and a laugh. “Then, Prince Octan should get the honor of gathering up each pile of dead princess ash for the quick funeral.”
“What is a Pamburg princess funeral like?” Prince Gaspers gasped in alarm at the screen.
“A Pamburg princess funeral tosses the pile of ashes or the dead body into the swamp waters. Then, the nest of gators enjoys the whole body for a mid-day feast,” Squire Number Thirty-five laughed with a nod.
Octan frowned at the view screen. “That ain’t what I meant.”
Squire Number Thirty-five laughed. “Don’t request a favor ever, prince! Sometimes, you get what you ask for truly.”
Octan jabbed a finger with a gasp at the flying object on the viewing screen. “What is that?”
Squire Number Forty-six gasped with alarm. “That is a flying airship!”
Squire Number Thirty-three sneered. “The flying airship is trying to land on top of our platform here at the Gate Tower with the other airships. It is being flown by a one of the Confederation pilots with a belly full of Confederation fighting warriors. We’re being attacked here at the Gate House in surprise. The bastards are attacking us from the rear end, not the water front. Get all the princes to safety!”
Squire Number Thirty-eight dashed ahead and leaned down with both hands into the mold slot, pressing the correct digits into the indentation with a smile. “I have powered each airship on the lower level. Go and get inside an airship! Get away!” He spun around with a sneer and a nod to see each face. “We fight. You run…”
Gasper sneered at the old squire. “We fight like a set of royal warriors!”
Squire Number Fifty-nine shook the amber curls with a sour frown. “No. Each one of you is too valuable for death! Leave here! Go and get into an airship. There are fourteen powered up and ready to fly airships.”
Squire Number Sixty spun around with a stern face and moved ahead, stopping, and stood beside the set of closed doors. Both the doors automatically opened from his body heat signature. He reached down and pulled out the shaft, exposing the blades for a kill, pointing into the empty hallway with a sneer. “All princes, the squires will protect you. Run behind us. When there is an empty hole for safety, run through and go down toward the lowest level. Get in and grab a ready airship! Fly away from here and hide somewhere within the depths of our kingdom! We will kill off all the Confederation warriors here inside the Gate Tower. This is really our royal duty, anyways. When we have completed our royal task, one or a group of squires will come and contact you, bringing you back here to the Prince House. Then, you will finally enter the Prince Walk. Then, we will finally have a new king and queen of Pamburg, Kingdom. Then, everything will be normal, again. Good luck, princes!” He turned to face the open archway and lifted the shaft into the air which barely hit the tall doorway with a growl. “I will lead the squires. Come on, squires! We have a royal job to do and kill us some invaders on the Pamburg property,” he ran out the archway as the other squires whipped out a shaft and followed behind the leader of the squires.
The central hallway contained a long and wide compartment that housed all the tall and wide bot equipment for air, water, heat, air conditioning for each occupant and the operation mechanisms on the twin gates for safety.
The last mature adult squire wore an angry brow and a Pamburg battle suit. The battle suit was a midnight blue short jacket without sleeves and a shirt that was paired with a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of polished midnight blue knee boots. He was average height and weight with a tone of wrinkled amber tinted skin and a pair of wrinkled and old amber eyeballs, “Charge and kill, squires!”
In the Control Room within the Gate Tower, each sixteen-year-old prince stood in place or stood upright in the chair with a sneer and whipped out an individual shaft, pressing the button and exposed the series of tiny sharp blades that had been built into the rod, watching the back spines of each squire exit the room. Then, one by one, or two by two, the young princes left the control room.
Tall and slender Boykin with a set of buck teeth raced ahead with a smile. “Someone protect Octan!”
Tall and muscular Prince Tantum was one of the tallest and muscular brothers with a hook nose dashed ahead with a laugh. “Someone protect me! Naw! I jest. Someone protect Octan!”
Tall and muscular Prince Lopeeco dashed ahead and reached out, grabbing the collar bone of Octan. “I got your ass covered, Squirt. Come on! Let’s go and help to kill all the nosy Confederation royals. I want me a skull for a souvenir to hang on top of my bed post,” laughing.
Tall and muscular Prince Estill had a tiny lock of hair of solid white tint which was located on the left side of the hairline. It looked funny, since he did not bother cutting off the individual white colored hair strands from the hairline and then slicked back the white hair lock down over the skull, making it look even funnier. He dashed ahead with a laugh and waved the shaft over the hair roots. “You don’t have a bed post, Lopeeco.”
“Then, I’ll hang it down from my ceiling,” Lopeeco laughed.
Octan moved ahead with a worried brow in front of tall and brave Estill and exhaled with a huff of worry, twirling the shaft without the exposed blades into both hands with a whisper. “Thanks!”
Gaspers spun around and shoved ahead, bumping into the shoulders of each brother with a laugh. “We will be victorious in battle, brothers. Follow me! Our two oldest prince brothers are not here. I am third in line. Attack the invaders! Kill the intruders!”
Prince Vinton was average height and weight with a cleft chin, dashing ahead with a worried brow beside his princely brother Wesuckie, who possessed a set of facial freckles. “I wished that Cumberrat was here. He would dispatch all the Confederation soldiers with several sweeps of his deadly shaft.”


***


In the air waves outside the Gate Tower, a solo airship swiftly flew away from the science building, soaring through the empty air waves, and then slowed the speed, smoothly parking on top of the exterior platform on the lowest level of the Gate Tower, powering down the heated engine.
The ship door slid open. The ship ramp smoothly descended without slamming down into the solid hard floor.
Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six exited from the airship with a smile and jogged ahead, turning to face the line of walking buttholes that made up the Confederation warriors, stopping in place with a smile, “Stop!” He tossed both arms into the air with a shout out.
The line of Confederation royals spun around with a gasp of alarm to see the single mature Pamburg squire in the middle of the hallway and stood in place as each silver tinted shaft twirled between a pair of hands with a loud sound of grunts, slowing jogging ahead to meet the brave and foolish Pamburg squire.
The squire slapped a chest with a nod and a smile to each invader, tossing both arms into the air with a nod of vanity. “I am the royal heir to the throne chair of Pamburg Kingdom and I will prove it. You cannot harm me. I am taking…”
In the row of Confederation princes, Jarl twisted the shaft around the fingers with a sneer and pressed the flush button. A set of protruded blades covered the smooth rod. His hand slid down to the smaller tip and whipped the shaft into the air with a growl. “I am taking his head.” The shaft released from a fighting hand and then soared sideways through the air, colliding with the exposed throat on the Pamburg Squire Number Thirty-six while easily slicing through the white bone, the gray muscle tissue, and the red tinted blood proteins. The skull ripped out from the long stem of the back spine. The amber waves of curls plus the skull flew across the room and hit the rear solid wall of glittering crystal, imprinting an oval shaped blood image for all eyeballs to see.
Altus pointed down with a sneer at the dead body of the Pamburg squire in the middle of the blood puddle on top of the hallway. “Hey! He was one of the princes with the amber locks of hair, matching eyeballs, and a body of soft amber skin. Haildrameme said not to damage the princely skull. She wants to collect each one.”
Ferron frowned down at the dead body and the severed head with a stern face, “What for?”
“Her private collection of Pamburg princes for her new throne room there on top of the mountain castle.” Altus jabbed a finger at the severed skull.
Datto stared down at the dead body and the severed head, spinning around and moved ahead with a sneer. “Whatever! Find more of the princes and then kill them! Don’t let them escape from this building which is called the Prince House!”




Continued....
